We were really excited to try Averys! First off  the service is top notch. I have a food allergy, and they were super concerned and went above and beyond even what I asked to ensure I was not exposed, which meant cooking things differently than they usually do. We were checked on often and always with a smile. I was super impressed. We got the oyster Rockefeller dip, which was the only disappointing part of the meal. It was really watery and strange tasting. The honey butter biscuit was great! I also got the gumbo, which was delicious, with maybe just a touch too much file. My fiancé got a poboy with oysters, roast beef debris and bacon- it was so amazing! I got the fried jumbo shrimp plate with fried pickles. Yum! The house made tartar and remoloude sauces were so good. As were the sweet potato fries. I am excited to go back and try some other things :) And would def recommend them to other people, especially because of the amazing service.My husband and I are originally from Louisiana but moved to Nashville about 7 years ago. Ever since we found out about Averys we make them our first visit every time we come in town! Our favorites are the honey/butter biscuits, fried potato salad and chicken and sausage gumbo! No matter what you get though you can't go wrong!Proof that people from Buffalo (and New Orleans) intimately know how to make stick to your ribs crave-worthy food with gourmet touches. The buttery lemony grilled shrimp, addictive garlic bread, creamy red beans, and dark roux gumbo were orgasmic. The environment was colorful, honey, welcoming. These folks take pride in their food and serving it to their community. This is the kind of restaurant I want to pretend is my neighborhood restaurant, and being here makes me feel like it is. From one Buffalo transplant, this place is the real deal!Great find near Tulane! Excellent fried pickles, fried green tomatoes, wedge salad with grilled shrimp, remoulade sauce and can make much of the menu gluten free! Food is actually seasoned before being breaded and fried. Flavor all through. Wife/husband owners very personable.On our recent trip to New Orleans Avery's ended up being our last meal in town and it was perfect!  We went in for a late lunch and were served by the owner Christy who was super friendly and awesome! They had run out of the special I wanted, the fried green tomatoes with crawfish sauce, but Christy said she had exactly one slice left and gave it to me for free so I could try it. I also wanted the pearl river poboy, but wasn't totally sold on the oysters so she offered to make it with half oysters and half shrimp for me.  The pearl river was fantastic and the catfish poboy my fiancé had was also the best we tried in NOLA. We also had a honey butter biscuit and the fried pickles, everything was so good I really wish this place was close to where I live.This place just doesn't do it for me.
The food is good, totally solid...and my friends rave about this place.  But, I just don't see it.
Definitely try the fried potato salad...if only because no one else does it.  The horseradish sauce it comes with is really good and will clear up any lingering nasal congestion real fast!
The prices on the daily specials absolutely can't be beat.  Hell, the entire menu is very reasonably priced.This is a great local restaurant and the owners are here EVERYDAY ensuring quality food and service. I strongly recommend this restaurant!There are so many restaurants to chose from in New Orleans, and if you're like me, you don't want to choose wrong! Well, you can't with Avery's on Tulane. Staff was the perfect amount of friendly and on top of everything. The portions were generous, and although at a glance our table looked like we ordered everything on the menu, we actually only ordered an appetizer and two meals. We got the seafood gumbo to start...totally banging!!! I'm not a seafood lover and I wanted a second, and third bite. We got the buffalo shrimp and oyster platters for entrees with sides of red beans and rice, honey butter biscuits, and fries. Fries were fries, but the other sides were outstanding. The biscuit doubled as dessert, which was great since I'm a sucker for a sweet treat. We would definitely go back and bring friends!Incredibly friendly, great food -one of best for seafood po -boy and they gave my toddler a special little sandwich of her own on these house.Christy @ Avery's is just amazing.  They catered our wedding rehearsal dinner for about 120 people.  It was flawless!! Christy set up a build your own po-boy bar with all the fixings and even brought ice coffee & dessert.  The price was totally reasonable and she even accommodated dietary restrictions of some of our guests.  The food was epic and a huge hit with our out of town guests.  We will for sure hire them again!!! Loved it!  Thanks Avery's you guys are the best!!Best catfish po'boy I've ever had. And the buffalo shrimp po'boy is also super a nice change from the normal po'boy selections. My only complaint is maybe just a little too much bleu cheese.  I work right across the street so I've eaten here a few times and I've never been disappointed.Was going to lunch with a co worker who said she wanted a good poboy so I opened my friendly yelp app, typed in poboy and Avery's popped up with a 5 star rating. We decided to try it out and were so glad we did. She had the oyster poboy cooked to perfection and I had the buffalo shrimp platter with fried pickles and onion rings.  To say that everything was amazing is an understatement.  The food was quick, cooked perfectly; the staff was super nice and friendly; the atmosphere was a great suprise too.  We were going to take our order to go, but as we sat down for a few minutes we decided to stay and eat there. What a great choice.  We work at the hospital site and are native New Orleanians and we will be back. In fact when we heard they deliver, we are thinking of using them for some of our office lunches.  I can't say enough about how awesome Avery's is.  They do no have parking behind the building and you may not realize they are open until you are right in front of the building, so don't pass it up thinking they are not open. They also said they are open until 4 Monday - Wednesday and until 6pm on Thursday and Friday. I will be ordering dinner for tomorrow night to pick up on my way home for sure.Obsessed with the shrimp po boy! So fresh! They seem to need more help during lunch hours. Have been there several times and everyone is very much satisfied and happy about their meals when we leave.Fried potato salad great! Tempura onion rings perfect! Roast beef po-boy (sand bag) tremendous! Oyster Rocky po-boy, to die for. Service, perfect. New cocktail Rummy, delicious.DELICIOUS AND A GREAT ATMOSPHERE! 
It is usually hard to find both.  The staff is friendly.  I feel like family every time I go! A great variety of traditional New Orleans food with an Avery's twist and some amazing Avery's Originals like the red beans and rice burger! http://wgno.com/2016/01/04/why-is-this-burger-named-for-this-new-orleans-lawyer/Excellent food and friendly staff. The "sandbag" is the best poboy I've ever had. It is off the charts. If you are looking for a true local, family owned restaurant, this is the place to go.Went to Avery's at the suggestion of the Uber driver. The New Orleans BBQ Shrimp Po Boy was as good as described. We also had the fried potato salad and the gumbo. Let me tell you... the gumbo was SO YUM! The  portion sizes were beyond, what you get at a restaurant were not what we got here. the cup is actually a bowl size and the bowl is really the size of a large Pho soup bowl. The service was EXCELLENT!!! The food came fast!! I'm almost tempted to go back today despite the millions of other restaurants in NOLA. Will be adding this to my list FOR SURE!!!Located on Tulane Avenue across from the new VA Medical Hospital is this up and coming poboy shop.  The inside is simple but well decorated and clean.  The two owners are enthusiastic about their restaurant and it shows in their service and food.
The roast beef poboy was loaded so heavily that it would have knocked the weigh station out in Laplace.  My coworker had the large but my regular was more than enough to produce a gravy/meat induced coma from 1 to 5 p.m.  Another person had the Buffalo Shrimp which he continued to rave over for the next few hours.  
This shop is fairly new so I was surprised by how good it was.  These are the types of places and people that we should support.  If you work downtown, they do deliver for orders over $20.00.  If you live in Metry or Kenna then it is well worth the trip.This was my first visit to New Orleans ever. Avery's is a little off the beaten path, but it's worth an uber or a short ride. The area around the restaurant is a little less than desirable, but don't let that deter you from visiting. 
You are given a lot of bread to start the meal and it comes with oil to dip the bread into. The bread is very good! Don't eat too much! I ordered a buffalo shrimp po'boy and it was awesome! It beat the heck out of the other sandwiches I had during my visit. I also ordered seafood gumbo. The seafood gumbo was so good! 
My biggest recommendation is don't eat too much bread to start your meal and come very hungry. This place is an absolute must visit in New Orleans. The people are also very friendly here. Service is excellent.The BBQ shrimp po boy is the best! You get a lot of food for your money. The staff is very friendly. This place will be here for a long time.Wow! What a great place for lunch. Christy and Justin make you feel like part of the family. The seafood gumbo was perfect and the Oyster Rockefeller poor boy was the best I ever had. Make sure to try this family owned eatery next time you are in the GNO.In town for the Sugar Bowl and made the 1 1/2 mile walk up here and po boy was it worth it. People are hella cool and friendly. Had the buffalo shrimp and the BBQ shrimp po boys. These were the best sandwiches I have ever had!  They located here to take advantage of the new hospital construction to be completed in '14 but now it is pushing off til '16. Get up here and see these folks and support local off the beaten path business that is quality, quality, quality!Absolutely fantastic! Had to go to the VA hospital and saw this was close...ordered the shrimp/oyster po-boy and wanted to order another one to just to have later! Will definitely be a returning customer!By far my favorite Po Boy spot in New Orleans.  Fortunately I stumbled across this gem because when my girlfriend and I arrived at Parkway on a Saturday for lunch the line was far too long, so we ventured to Avery's because the reviews were so good.  Avery's is a well kept secret and the food is absolutely incredible and very fairly priced.  *Pro Tip* every Saturday features $2 mimosas!   My girlfriend got a half shrimp/half oyster po boy and a huge bowl of gumbo, both of which were amazing.  I got the buffalo shrimp po boy with fries and a honey butter biscuit.  I could not believe how good everything I got was.  The biscuit brought tears to my eyes and was only $1!  When the check came I was in shock; a po boy, fries, honey butter biscuit, and two mimosas was under $15!! I will come back every Saturday from now on and bring everyone I know.We each had gumbo -as our side: seafood and chicken. Both were awesome. Perfect marriage of the flavors. I ordered the blackened shrimp pasta Alfredo and the shrimp did not run out before the pasta. The Alfredo sauce had excellent flavor and covered the dish perfectly! Garlic Bread with parm toasted with a soft middle. My daughter ordered the buffalo shrimp platter, she said after trying this she's not sure if she could have shrimp any other way! She also said, "it was the perfect balance of breading and buffalo sauce with blue cheese!" You will not walk out of this place hungry!!Excellent place for po-boys and gumbo. I had the beef debris that I enjoyed thoroughly and my husband had a large bowl of gumbo, which was flavorful but thinner than we had expected. The parking situation is a little sketchy, has to be on the roadside and it's easy to miss the place and have to turn around into residential communities.BLUF:  Good poboy place with a little extra character.
They catered an event we went to once and had pumpkin ravioli.  I thought the place was fancy but it is a standard fried food and poboy place.  They did not have the ravioli on the menu but said they were trying to get it to be permanent.
Started with the fried pickles.  We got the half order which was perfect for 2 people.  Very fresh.  Awesome.
We got the poboys and they were great.  Poboys are poboys.  She got the shrimp/oyster and it was great.  I got the oyster but this one had roast beef gravy too.  It was really great.  Good gravy and not too much.  Messy but not too messy.  Perfect really.  I liked the poboy bread too; not too crunchy but not doughy.  
Great service (a little slow which was weird since we were the only people there almost).  Good place for poboys if that is what you are looking for.All around wonderful dining experience. My partner and I decently priced place to eat lunch uptown, and we found it. We started off with the oyster rockefeller dip and the fried potato salad. Both were amazing. After that, we split a 12 inch Sandbag po boy, a roast beef po boy with fried pickles. Again, amazing. To top it all off, the staff were very friendly and the atmosphere was quiet and peaceful. A definite recommendation for anyone in the area around lunchtime.My friends and I were in New Orleans sampling the local cuisine and were craving some po' boys. Avery's was the closest place to our rental house so we headed on over. I'm so glad we stopped here! Holy crap, this place is amazing! It's very unassuming from the street since it just looks like another house, but the food is solid! We got an order of the fried potato salad and oysters rockafeller dip. The fried potato salad is different, but it tasted good. The oysters rockafeller dip was absolutely mind-blowing! This dip tastes better than the same dip at a high-end restaurant that goes for twice the price! We devoured that stuff up like Girl Scout Cookies! When we got our po' boys, our jaws dropped! The sandwiches were massive and we only got the 6" sandwich! It was stuffed to the brim with shrimp or oyster and it took some clever holding to eat it. We decided to go to the art museum afterwards so we could walk around in the A/C to digest it. We were not hungry at all for the next 8 hours! When the bill came we were in awe at how inexpensive the total was! We're used to getting maybe a third of the food for that price back home! Get off the beaten path of downtown and get food here. It's worth it!Avery's catered my cousin's rehearsal dinner so my review is limited to the food that was served at the party. I can't say anything about the restaurant or it's neighborhood. At this party, I tried the jambalaya, fried green tomatoes and the oyster po-boy. So good!!!! The jambalaya was really well seasoned. Loved that the oyster po-boy was only lightly breaded so that you could taste the oysters. Too often when I get po-boys, all I taste is fried breading. Not here! Definitely would recommend!The smaller 6 inch poboy offering is much appreciated.  After tax, it runs $8.50. Not a bargain. 
The staff are very polite and were doing a great job keeping up with the lunch rush. Despite a full house,  I still  got my poboy in about 10 maybe 15 mins.  The kitchen obviously prioritizes and doesn't just put out 1 ticket at a time. 
I really wanted some if their gumbo but $5 for a cup added to my $8 poboy was a bit steep for lunch.  
Smaller shrimp but there were just enough for the 6 inch poboy. Well seasoned. 
Averys is a solid choice!Good, low-key, local food place. As multiple locals told me, probably not an area to be walking around much at night, but it was fine during the day. A tangle of po boys, I got buffalo shrimp and my friend got half oysters Rockefeller and half some other oyster selection, nice that they do half and half. Bpth were good, generous with the fillings, which were prpeperly cooked and sauced. Mine had a bunch of mayo or something of it, which I don't think was on the menu, I guess it's standard, and I should have realized. The sweet tea was pretty good, not too sweet with all the ice, and it came in a big cup. Friendly service. It wasn't quick, but we probably could have hurried it had we said we needed to. There's lots of parking around in the general area.Very nice owners. Prices above average for a po boy shop. Quality is good but doesn't blow me away. Most of the time I would choose the regular run-of the mill po boy shop, I haven't noticed much of a difference between Avery's and it.Let's be real, this place doesn't look like much, and the location is pretty unfortunate. Despite this, I'm so glad I came for lunch. I inquired about gluten free options, and while my server didn't have any answers for me, the manager came over and was incredibly helpful and attentive. She offered to make gluten free fried pickles for me with a corn flour breading and fried in fresh oil. What a treat! Everything I had was delicious and the service was wonderful. Even though it was busy when I arrived, I never felt rushed and I was well taken care of. Keep up the great work!Friendly Servers, Great Prices, Tasty Food. Not much more I could ask for. The pictures I posted don't do it justice.I always get the same thing but dang it's a good buffalo shrimp salad. Everyone I have taken here enjoys their meal, usually getting a poboy.After asking for recommendations from friends on where to get some great gumbo, I was pointed in the direction of Avery's.  I live in Mid City, so I gladly took the suggestion.
Avery's is a cute little lunch place on Tulane Avenue near the courthouse.  The atmosphere is cute and bright.
I cannot say enough good things about the service.  The staff is some of the friendliest I've ever come across.
Now onto the food...
I ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo and some onion rings.  The gumbo was full of meat and pretty tasty.  I prefer a thicker and darker gumbo, so I felt myself still wanting for something this gumbo didn't deliver.  But I could definitely see how many, many people would find it to be exceptional.  
I didn't like the onion rings at all.  I didn't realize the batter was going to be tempura.  I found that type of batter to just not work on onion rings.  They were VERY greasy.  On the plus side, they came with a really tasty horseradish type dip.
I would really like to try some other dishes at Avery's, especially the buffalo shrimp po-boy, which seems to get a lot of love on here.I loved the homely feel of the shop. We surprised the shop on a Tuesday afternoon with a group of around 40, and everyone, including the owner, served us hand and foot, all with a smile and platinum level genuineness. The shrimp poboy was delicious, but the real winner in my book were the fries. They were perfectly seasoned. Dipping them in any sauces would be an insult.
Avery's tastes like you think New Orleans would. 
Give it a try!Thank goodness for iphones on road trips and, Yelpers, you did not let us down with this one.  We were in town visiting, looking for somewhere off the beaten path, still hadn't had a solid po boy and found this one. It was incredible.  Loved the oysters rockefeller po boy, the fried potato salad and the gumbo.  Reasonable prices, lovely and helpful staff and an earthy atmosphere.  That one goes on our permanent list of faves!Very good price!  Very good po boys!  Nice menu overall.  Waitresses were friendly and answered all our questions.  The current promo of 1/2 price beers between 2-4pm (if you check in) is great!Avery's is one of those special places that makes New Orleans one of the greatest cities on Earth.
During my early afternoon visit I was delighted to find a quaint yet spacious dining room adorned with eclectic local artwork, comfortable and roomy tables, and a friendly staff stationed behind the order counter.
Avery's menu is a poboy connoisseur's dream! Local favorites such as roast beef debris, turkey, and shrimp meet new favorites like buffalo shrimp and sweet potato fries, and yes even REAL Des Allemands catfish! The prices are beyond affordable and the selection seems carefully planned to accommodate seasoned local diners and visitors alike.
For lunch I chose a 1/2 and 1/2 buffalo shrimp and catfish dressed with fried pickles and sweet potato fries. Heaven! The shrimp were perfectly cooked and not over sauced, the catfish screamed of freshness, and the French bread was warm and soft with just the right amount of chewiness. My fried pickles were done right -- crinkle cut chip style without too much breading, served hot with horseradish cream and bleu dressing for dipping. And the fries? Perfection! I'm all of 140lbs soaking wet yet I still managed to find the gluttony to put away every single bite.
It's been a long time since I've endulged in a poboy here in my city, but thanks to Avery's the indulgence won't take such a long hiatus. This place is perfect for a delicious lunch with great friends, or even solo thanks to the warmness of the owners who oversee every meal.One of my favorite places to eat. The food is delicious and inexpensive. Very friendly staff as well. If they didn't close so early I'd probably eat there multiple times a week.Been three times with mixed experiences. The first time i called in an order for a shrimp po-boy, add cheese, veggies on side with onion rings. When i got there at the time they quoted me, was still a considerable time later before i got my food. To be fair it was busy and they had computer issues with their registers and had to reboot. The real problem was when i got back to my office to eat, the shrimp po boy was plain, no cheese and no veggies on side, which was disappointing. The onion rings however were excellent. I liked the lighter tempura styled batter and the horseradish cream dipping sauce
I gave them a second try on a to go order and that time they nailed it. No complaints. Food was on time,hot and the order was 100% accurate
Third time was a few days ago, we placed an order for 10 people. I ordered the blackened shrimp pasta which is described as " a little spicy " . Wait !  What ?? The shrimp were boiled, the cream sauce was gritty and there literally was no spice or heat. Zero. It was very disappointing
Not sure if i wanna try a fourthBBQ Shrimp Po-Boy was AMAZING. Fast, friendly service and outstanding food. :)This place was awesome. The 2 different gumbo offerings were amazing. They were some of the best gumbo rouxs I've ever tasted! The biscuits are so yummy! The fried potato salad ball is so unique and tasty ! The buffalo shrimp poboy was excellent as well!Stopped on here for lunch on our way to the airport for our last bite to eat in New Orleans. I personally got the buffalo shrimp poboy and friend pickles.  The meal was great and service was super friendly. She even split our checks without us asking!Avery's Po-Boys is on Tulane Ave between Broad St and Galvez St.   Tulane Ave used to be called "The Miracle Mile" way back when this area was popping.    Currently, there are two large hospitals being built.   They will be completed in about three years.   So today, it's construction workers, tomorrow it will be hospital workers.   Of course the courthouse is close and there lots of residential units that sprang up post Katrina.  I do hope Avery's can make it.   My experience was very good.   I had the grilled chicken po-boy.   It was huge for $7.50 and cooked to perfection.   Bread was fresh and the veggies were crisp.    I may try the seafood po-boys in the future, however just around the corner is my favorite place for the shrimp po-boy.   Justin the owner was great too.   By the way, Avery is his daughter's name. Good luck to Justin and family!Really good food, friendly service and reasonable prices for a po-boy shop. Highly recommended!Loved the Oyster Rockefeller Dip that came with toasted garlic bread. Yum! Seafood gumbo was also very well executed. BBQ shrimp Po Boys were good but definitely can be better if the shrimps were infused with the smokiness from the grill. Easily accessible by the tram towards cemetery/city park.This place is really really good. Service given by the owner was fantastic. She was super nice, personable and helpful. The food took a really long time to come out but it was delicious. We started out with the oysters Rockefeller dip which was amazing. The owner happily offered us more French bread if we needed it. Very accommodating to our group of 5 girls from out of town. 
I got the buffalo shrimp po boy with ranch instead of blue cheese and it was good but needed to be warmer. It was around room temperature and we could tell it had sat a while until the BBQ shrimp po boys were done. Those stole the show. I regretted not getting it. Warm, moist, flavorful, hands down one of the best po boys in New Orleans. I definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Avery's!! I will be back!!I have to give a shout out to Avery's.  This little hole-in-the-skanky-wall that is Tulane Ave represents a glimpse of what is to come for this emerging corridor:  More local restaurants and businesses and an improved streetscape.  The owners set up shop here when the large LSU/VA hospital complex was just rising from the mudpile, hoping that the troubled neighborhood would improve with the new facilities on the way.  They knew they would have to endure years of construction as well as the surrounding blight and crime, but they opened up anyway.  Considering less than half of new restaurant ventures are success stories in the best of circumstances, that took some balls.
Well, their bet seems to be paying off.  Even though the neighborhood is not improving as quickly as they'd hoped, business is good and with good reason.  Everything I have ordered here has been solid and reasonably priced.  The Sandbag is one of my favorites.  Debris roast beef with provolone, horseradish sauce and fried pickles.  The gumbo is good, the specials are good and the red beans have a nice kick of sriracha that I really like. 
The staff could not be any nicer.  They greeted us when we walked in, told us goodbye as we walked out, refilled drinks quickly, made suggestions, answered questions, all with a very friendly attitude.  They're the type of wait staff that makes you feel shitty for ONLY tipping them 20%.What a gem! I've sampled over half the menu-- shrimp, oysters, roast beef, daily specials-- and everything I've tasted has been delicious. Really good-- big flavors. The "small" po boys are more than enough. Definitely give this place a try. You'll be back.Came here for lunch as it is right next to the VA. The area surrounding it is undergoing construction, but otherwise easily accessible and an easy place to find across the street. I was lucky that the restaurant wasn't very full and I was served immediately after coming in. The special of the day was meatballs but I decided to get the blackened shrimp Alfredo (with penne pasta). Didn't take long for my dish to be prepared and the service was good. The food itself- surprisingly a good portion and the sauce was very on point. You expect Alfredo to sometimes be too cheesy, and ruin the classiness of the meal- but the blackened sauce hit the spot very nicely. A generous amount of shrimp as well with garlic bread. Didn't need a salad or any side dishes. Best part about the meal was that it was around 12-13 bucks after tip. Would expect much more for the quality of the pasta. I am prepared to go next time to this place to experience the po boys and other delicacies.Found Avery's on Yelp.
Food was VERY delicious and filling.
I had a buffalo shrimp poboy and the fried potato salad. 
Our server was amazing! Will definitely be coming back if I'm in the area again.Excellent gumbo, food, and service! Coming back . . . for sure. The owners let us taste their new charbroiled oysters with Parmesan garlic butter sauce -- excellent!I've always loved lunches at this place....BUT THEY'RE NOW OPENED FOR DINNER!!! AMAZING, I had the Crabmeat Gratin, Duck leg & finished off with Pumpkin Icebox pie.....My grandfather was in town and wanted some typical but excellent quality New Orleans fare. I didn't know what to expect from Avery's, especially since there isn't much else in its immediate vicinity, but the experience was above and beyond anything I could've imagined! Christy, the co-owner, sat us immediately and gave a thorough run-down of must-trys and can't-go-wrongs. I got a draft beer for the unbelievable happy hour price of just $2, and Christy was super accommodating in letting us substitute the sides of the meal we got. The portions are beyond generous, and the food is all excellent. The fried potato salad was an interesting experience that made us both laugh, and the bittersweet story of how Avery's came to be made our hearts melt a little bit. If you're in the area, or even if you're not, definitely check this place out. Everything from the food, to the service, to the simple yet charming decor is wonderful. Thank you Christy, I'll be back!I tried this place for two reasons. One because its in the hood like Parkway Bakery and two the line/wait time is too long at Parkway when they are busy which is most of the time. They have long lines for a reason, because they are good. Back to Avery's. I have been there three times now. Always impressed by the quality of the food. Today I got the soft shell crab po boy that was on special and it was the best I have ever had. And I have had many. There prices are very fair and the service is excellent. It seems like the owners are always there. Yes, I am impressed with the place.Very good food, the bar b que and buffalo shrimp PO boys were yummy!!
The service was excellent!!
It's very casual.This restaurant has exceptionally good biscuits! I also thoroughly enjoyed the fish poboy!  service was fast and staff was pleasant.Fantastic gumbo. Mine had an oyster and a huge crab leg in it. The red beans and rice were pretty good, too. Prices are great, and it wasn't very crowded, at all.Came here for an early lunch break and lucked out with parking in the small back lot and good enough weather to sit outside. There's a bar inside, good number of small tables, as well as outdoor seating. There were two waitresses and both checked on me regularly; very sweet and attentive. Ordered the house salad, Barbeque Shrimp poboy, and sweet potatoe fries as a side. The barbeque shrimp poboy is AMAZING! The french bread is so fresh and perfect; they hollow it out and stuff the barbeque shrimp with seasoned butter sauce into the bread. The shrimp is perfectly seasoned and cooked. The butter sauce is finger-licking good. For the price of the poboy I do wish they would serve a few fries or chips, but alas, nope. That said, an order fries is enough to share, so I guess bring a friend. The sweet potaote fries were seasoned very well, and cooked perfectly; soft, but slight crunch and not greasy. Small knock is the house salad, which I ordered to start - iceberg lettuce, died tomatoes, 2 slices bell peper, 2 slices mushrooms, and your choice dressing (I went blue cheese). Your standard fare house salad that isn't anything to write home about so I would probably skip it next time.The food was spectacular! The service was first class. When my friend wanted to meet there for lunch I was skeptical. By the time we left I could not wait to take my husband there.This is a true New Orleans must go..... Amazing food.... 
Soft Shell Crab Poboy --- Crab is bigger than the bread served on... Truly amazing food... Nice Peps that work there ....Go and TryMy new favorite Poor boy and lunch place. Their signature poor boy is the buffalo shrimp with bleu cheese. It is tangy and delicious. They also make a really good roast beef. Check in with yelp to get free fries or onion rings. They have thick cut onion rings, which are battered and fried perfectly. Check out the daily specials especially on Mondays for the red beans and rice.I'm a fan.  When we pulled up our uber driver said, "y'all wouldn't wanna be here at night."  That was not a great introduction.  Still, the atmosphere is fun and casual.  Our waitress was sweet and helpful and the food was Nawlins delicious.  My daughter had a roast beef po' boy and the roast beef had that homemade flavor and texture that you don't find at a sandwich shop.  I had the shrimp po' boy and it was delicious as were the fries.  This is a great place and the restaurant/area has character.It saddens me to do this since I had looked forward to eating here for so long! 
The place was empty when we arrived at 4:00. No one was sitting at the tables. I asked where everyone was. She said they just left. 
Ordered the famous fried potato salad which was red on the menu. THEY WERE OUT. Their feature, attention getting item out. Maybe the people that just left ate them all.
Honey butter biscuit was okay. The honey butter made the dry biscuit edible. 
Buffalo shrimp salad - okay. Frozen popcorn shrimp in buffalo sauce...soggy crust.
My friend ordered the catfish poboy. Nope. She didn't like it either. She took half to go but before we got back to the hotel threw it out. The fish needed salt and seasoning. She shouldnt have ordered it because it wasn't the poboy the wattress recommended. 
The best thing about dinner were the fried pickles. Free with check in. Great sauce.
The sweet tea was perfect for me - kinda weak and not too sweet. I usually get half sweet and unsweetened. I didn't half to do that here.the fried potato salad is outstanding when you put their remoulade sauce on it.  the fried pickles however were soggy.  i suspect the pickles were not dry prior to being breaded or were just not fried correctly, but the crunch factor is essential.  i had the roast beef poboy which is better than most but wish it had more flavor.  also, the roast beef serving seemed disproportionately small and the bread was all soft like a bun, which was strange.  i prefer the traditional crispy outside and soft inside.  finally, i had the king cake cupcake which was decorated in a cute mardi gras way but did not taste like king cake.  i totally appreciated the personal service and do hope this place improves and survives.  while i would not go out of my way to come here, i would go if i was in the neighborhood.This is definitely my favorite po boy in New Orleans. I know parkway takes that title in most people's hearts but the buffalo shrimp po boy at Avery's is #1. Generous amount of shrimp coated in buffalo sauce and bleu cheese on perfect soft yet crispy bread. 
My advice: hop off the canal street car, make a pit stop at averys, and hop onto the street car again and make it to city park. The perfect afternoon!Just came back from lunch over there.  totally amazing.  what blows my mind is they pay attention to the small stuff... details..   Id have to believe if my grandma was from NOLA, this is what it would have been like to sit around her table.  
Ive been on a jobsite for 3 weeks, a couple blocks up the road, and at least twice a week, Im eating there! I don't think I could get tired of their cooking!Terrific food! Highly recommend the Sandbag, Buffalo shrimp, fried sweet potato French fried, fried potato salad. Horseradish cream sauce, homemade and slightly addictive. Close to University hospital. Great service, very personable!Amazing Gumbo. Had to have a second bowl. The fried potato ball is delicious but boyfriend wasn't a fan because he hates onions. The onion chunks are pretty noticeable so make sure you love them too. This place was totally worth the torrential downpour we drove through to get to it! GUMBO...............OK, recently tried Avery's again. In fact my order was one tucked in with 8 other people from the office. I kept it pretty simple, going with the shrimp remoulade salad ( to take home for dinner) a shrimp po-boy and onion rings. In both the po-boy and the salad, the shrimp were excellent. In fact they were huge in the salad, The remoulade was tasty. I'd suggest perhaps a couple different veggies in the salad in lieu of the boiled egg but again, that's pretty minor. The po-boy roll was flaky and warm. And the onion rings continue to impress. The batter is excellent, and the horseradish cream dipping sauce is the perfect compliment. Pretty much everyone in our group was happy with what they ordered, and the order was accurate and on time
That being said, i raised my review to 4 stars. I see a 5 in the near future for Avery's. It's always impressive when an Owner stops to listen to less than perfect feedback and responds
ThanksUnless you work for or with the court system, this place is a little off the beaten path being in the Tulane Ave corridor of low-rent hotels and bail bonds places (however, as others have noted, they are well-placed for the boom that will come with the medical center).
That said, I've stopped here twice when zipping between midcity and downtown - once for a shrimp poboy and once for an oyster poboy.  Both were excellent.  Nice big shrimp perfectly fried, and a generous helping of oysters that weren't over-fried (which is very important).  The bread and toppings were fresh and service was quick and pleasant.
The prices were in line with what most of the good poboy shops are charging, and the space is well kept and welcoming.
Definitely recommended for a sandwich if you're in the area, however they need to get a license for beer (I hear that's in the works).Wow. Just got back from this place and I'm barely awake to write a review (the itus struggle is real). 
It was awesome! Started out with the fried mushrooms and then got the special - fried catfish topped with crawfish in a remoulade sauce. It came with coleslaw, mac and cheese and  a honey butter biscuit (which tasted more like a donut), all of which were amazing. The dipping sauces (tartar, horseradish cream and remoulade) were pretty much worth the trip by themselves and portions were huge.
On top of that, the waitress was super friendly and helpful, convincing me to get to special instead of a poboy (which I was told were also very good, but glad I went with her suggestion).
If I weren't leaving Nola today, I would be eating there for the rest of my stayI've been looking for that perfect barbecue shrimp  po boy and I  found it here. I'm not fond of the side of cukes and tomatoes and prefer extra Leidenheiemers to soak up the sauce.  We learned from another reviewer that a cup of gumbo is really a bowl and were glad we chose to split it.  Everything on the platters my friends got was perfectly cooked and delicious. Oh and if you love fried oysters, bacon and gravy, you'll want to get the Pearl River poboy.AMAZING. I ordered the vegan Stas Burger and forgot I was even eating vegan. Probably the most delicious vegan burger I have ever had. The server knew the menu inside out. Great service. LOVE THIS PLACEI tried the "handmade" hamburger & my uncle had the shrimp poboy. We had the onion ringside the side. Everything was seasoned to perfection. The onion rings were crispy & the dipping sauce was the perfect compliment. The staff was friendly, helpful & knowledgeable. I will definitely be revisiting! Would've gave 5 stars but there are no condiments (ketchup, mustard, mayo) on the tables.We came here for a late lunch and were impressed with the friendly staff, affordable menu prices, and quick service.Excellent food, everything is fresh and we'll prepared. Friendly people and great service. I will be back!Every time we go down to New Orleans, we come here!!! We love this place!! Best Po-Boy EVER!!!! The service is awesome - very friendly, quick and caring... The Fried potato salad is a perfect starter and their choice of craft beers is pretty good for a small restaurant. They feature local artist work which is awesome to see!!! We usually go after The Saints game that we attend every year... And any other time we get down to NOLA!!!Avery's has the food you came to New Orleans for. Amazing, fresh seafood served by a friendly staff, and away from the tourist throngs.
We stopped by for brunch on a Tuesday morning, and parked conveniently in the lot behind the place. The place was pretty empty, which was a pleasant change from most our experience in the Quarter. We ordered the seafood gumbo, the grilled barbecue po-boy and a creole shrimp special. Everything was perfect. 
I'll single out the po-boy for special praise. A ton of perfectly cooked shrimp stuff in a carved bread. This is what a po-boy should taste like!Very friendly service and the best gumbo I had while in New Orleans.Avery's started delivery today. I ordered a shrimp po boy. It was delivered in a timely fashion and the food was hot. I will be ordering from them frequently.My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place on our way out of New Orleans. We wanted something authentic and decided to check it out based on the reviews. The parking was a pain since there was construction, but boy was it worth the trouble! We ordered the Oyster dip appetizer based on our servers recommendation. It was super good! Not too heavy.. Which is great for a dip and it had big chunks of oysters. We also ordered the buffalo shrimp po boy and the oyster Po boy that has bacon and au jois. Both were amazing!! We were very pleased with everything. Highly recommend!!Saw some pictures of the amazing looking food on Yelp and decided that I had to come here. Ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes [w shrimp in a remoulade sauce] and a half order of the Catfish Poboy.
Fried Green Tomatoes were perfect. Tartness of the tomatoes, minimal fried breading, made for some good grubbin'. They were extremely generous with how much shrimp they served with the FGTs. I would have liked for the remoulade to have been warm, but it was passable as it was delicious all the same.
The Catfish Poboy was my favorite poboy that I had in NOLA during my stay there. The bread did not require you to have shark teeth to ripped the bread apart. There was a generous portion of catfish, and the bread was grilled before serving, so that it had great texture and made for easy chewing.
The server that serviced me was really kind and patient. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here and would say it was, if not my favorite, probably my 2nd favorite place I ate in NOLA.Seek out this throwback on a street that has been scoured of the richness that is New Orleans.  Not only is the food consistently good, sticking with the standards, but is locally sourced, freshly prepared and served with personality and pride.Delicious and filling. Plenty of food at a reasonable price. Buffalo shrimp poboy was killer, as was the gumbo. Try the fried potato salad for a different twist on the classic. 
Justin was awesome- super welcoming and accommodating. You can tell this place has warm vibes the minute you walk in. It's unassuming from the outside but quite nice once you go in. 10/10 will go again when I'm back in Nola.Get the Sandbag poboy (roast beef poboy with horseradish cream, provolone, fried pickles). Excellent. The onion rings were good, but not great. The sandwich was amazing, the staff very friendly and helpful, the restaurant clean and nicely decorated.This place is amazing!!! We had fried green tomatoes topped with a crawfish cream, fried potato salad, & a shrimp po boy. Really good food, & cocktails too! :)Quaint and small. Really friendly staff. Great lunch spot. Rockefeller poboy is really good and good sized which is important because ittl put you down 20 bucks.We went on a late afternoon around 3pm. The restaurant was quiet but the waiter who served us took an incredibly long time to get our order and eventually deliver the food. But it's the big easy so I decided not to complain. The food however, was amazing. The honey butter biscuits are to die for! Incredibly moist and flaky with taste of brown butter complimented perfectly with the subtle sweetness of honey... OMG. We also tried the gumbo which was very very good with a darker roux than I'm used to seeing. Overall the food was excellent. The time to service was extensive but we were on vacations what was the rush?Great Po Boys! Owner is awesome, staff is awesome and friendly. Seafood gumbo is pretty tasty and po boys are made with real gulf shrimp. If you want a relaxed atmosphere and some local lunch fare.... great little honey hole to check outI love this place! Great family owned restaurant and the food is beyond stellar. I ordered the Buffalo shrimp poboy, the fried potato salad and the chicken and sausage gumbo. This is the best gumbo I've ever had and I grew up in Cajun country. Their seasoning on everything was absolutely perfect. I will be bring all my out of town friends here when they visit. Keep up the good work!This place has delicious food at a fair price. Waitstaff was friendly and helpful. My poboy was outstanding and I will be back to try other things on the menu. I think I saw they are open 11-4 every day. I wish they were open for brunch on the weekends. Edit: my pic has remoulade sauce on the shrimp poboy. I asked for it and put it on there. It was excellent.Waited to review this place after making a number of visits because I worried on my first visit that it wouldn't be consistently as good as it was the first time. I shouldn't have worried. After many visits I find everything I ever order to be extremely good, well served and delectable. My wife is addicted to the Buffalo Shrimp Poboy. It is typical of the "out of the box" thinking here. A simple recipe no one ever thought of before but was staring us in the face as genius. Local ingredients combined in new and better ways. Hurray! My wife and I go after the lunch rush, and the exhausted staff never miss a beat to make us feel welcome and appreciated. And from the looks of the clientele finishing their lunches, there are a lot of happy working folks who appreciate this bright spot on Tulane Ave like we do.Had the roast  beef...excellent! My GF had an oyster po boy. She said it was not the best she had ever had, but she enjoyed it.Thanks to fellow "Yelppers" we decided to give this place a shot and we are so glad we did! We are from the west coast and wanted to try something off the beaten path rather than a "tourist trap" where the food and service are generally subpar.  Not here though! The staff was friendly and attentive. 
Based on the reviews of others, we tried the honey biscuits (which were the last 2 of the day) and they did not disappoint. My hubby finished his and Half of mine! We also tried the fried potato salad because where else are we going to have that opportunity?! My hubby was less than enthused (probably because of the horseradish sauce), but I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
A 6 inch po boy will satisfy the heartiest of appetites, but not knowing if and when we'd ever be back, my hubby and I ordered two 12 inch po boys so that we could share and try two different types. My husband got the buffalo shrimp and I got the roast beef (debris style). The buffalo shrimp po boy comes with blue cheese dressing, blue cheese crumbles, lettuce and tomatoes. My hubby hates blue cheese and ordered it with ranch dressing and no crumbles. When our waitress realized we were sharing and that I love blue cheese, she had the kitchen make 1/2 with ranch and 1/2 with blue cheese. The roast beef po boy comes with lettuce, tomatoes and pickles. Debris style simply means it is slow roasted and, therefore, has the texture of pot roast instead of sliced deli meat. So much yummier that way--especially with the gravy/sauce! The hubby dislikes pickles so the kitchen was once again happy to make my half the way I liked it and my hubby's half his way. You'd think all of our requests would drive them crazy, but they were happy to accommodate us! Oh, and there were leftovers...so much food (generous portions)...trust me when I say we both enjoy eating!
We also met a local who kept us entertained during our visit. He was happy to share all that he knew about New Orleans including other restaurant recommendations. Don't go here if you're expecting a fine dining experience. This place is laid back and meant for people who didn't mind a casual, eclectic atmosphere.We tried the buffalo shrimp and BBQ shrimp sandwiches and both were great. We both preferred the buffalo shrimp between re two. 
Great service as well!!If I could give this place more stars I would!  Avery's is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans, the only spot where I've loved every bite of everything I've tried.  It's always hard to decide what to get, but some of my favorites are the BBQ shrimp po-boy, seafood gumbo and any pasta special they may have.  It is a special place and you will not be disappointed.
The hot sauce shelf is very cute and fun.  The service is incredible, the owners seem to really care about the customers.  Don't bother getting food in the Quarter, this is the real deal!What a treat! I really enjoyed the best Gumbo in New Orleans! It was very good. Really comes closest to my Grand Mothers receipt from Lockport. LA. I also had a Catfish Po-Boy that was fresh Bayou Des Allmends Catfish. So fresh and good. Melts in your mouth. You earned my business. So I will be back. This time I'm bringing friends!I ate here about two weeks ago and the food...oh man, amazing food. AMAZING. I came back the next day! The owner should be really proud of their business. Whoever was behind the register taking payments seemed totally stressed out and sort of snapped at me, but I'm guessing it was just a bad day. They were pretty busy at the time. 
Also, though it's a po boy shop, it is table service. You don't order at a food counter, it's a full service restaurant. I only mention this because the table next to me left the poor server a $1 tip...and she worked her butt off! I saw this happening several other times as well, as they are able to flip tables rather quickly. Don't come to eat here if you can't afford to tip, because this place is a RESTAURANT, and it's worth it!!
Props to Laura and Alicia (?), both of whom have exceptional service. You ladies rock.This place was near where I was doing some volunteer work and it was fabulous. The waitresses were sweet as could be, and the food was delicious. Such a gem!So I'm not even done eating my food and I felt compelled to write a review. My coworkers and I ordered a whole bunch of food for lunch today,and we can't stop raving about the food. I had the pasta special which was a blackened shrimp pasta but I subbed chicken. It was awesome. So creamy and just the right amount of spice. And I tried the fried potato salad. Amazing. And I thoroughly enjoyed eating half of my coworker's onion rings. The batter was so light and crunchy. It was my favorite. So glad I got talked into ordering food today.We went here for a taste of New Orleans. It was awesome. We had fried pickles, seafood gumbo, Cajun pasta and the Seafood platter. Everything was perfect! Highly recommended!amazing amazing amazing
NEVER eaten ANYTHING That I didn't like here.. & great owners alsoThis was the absolute best gumbo I have had in nearly a decade of living in New Orleans.  I had the seafood gumbo, and my work friend had the andouille.  It's an unassuming restaurant on Tulane, but it puts out truly exceptional food.
Highly recommended.Arrived around 1630 to have some lunch after a long flight. Establishment was clean and waitress was friendly and patient! O
Ordered a bunch of small plates to share, which included Red Beans & Rice, Sweet Potato Fries, fried Potato Salad, Seafood Platter w/ Extra Shrimp and Gumbo. 
Overall everything was flavored very well, but the Chicken/Sausage gumbo I had to send back as it didn't taste like gumbo at all!
So I got a hot sausage sandwich in place of it and it was great! Everything else was yummy, especially that honey butter to go along with my sp fries 
Probably won't come back on this trip since I have a lot of places to try, but it was good! Thank youAvery's is as good as it gets for a neighborhood lunch spot. Never mind that it's not on the beaten path or hyped the way some places are. If you like GREAT FOOD in a casual setting this spot is hard to beat. I usually make it my last stop on the city before I head to the airport (and sometimes take a po-boy for the plane!) Seafood gumbo (get it with a side order of sauteed oysters!), Fried potato salad (ya heard me right!) honey biscuits, red beans and rice (Mondays) and a plethora of creative po-boys (The Pearl River and SandBag to name a few) are off the charts.
I love everything about this place and Kristi and her staff are about as kind and welcoming as can be. Eight thumbs up from the octopus!I happened to log into Yelp while hungry and notice a suggestion for Avery's.  It caught my eye with its promise of bourbon salted-caramel bread pudding, and the fact that it was .3 miles from my house.  I am ridiculously glad we decided to try them!  
We split the sandbag poboy (debris roast beef, horseradish sauce, and fried pickles) just because it sounded interesting and we were in the mood to try something new.  It was fantastic! A delicious combination of flavors and textures, simple and perfectly executed.  Win.
Also to note, their fries are the thin, shoestring size and seasoned to perfection.
We also tried the promised bourbon salted-caramel bread pudding, and found it to be phenomenal.  My husband, who normally doesn't eat sets, devoured his portion just as quickly as I did.  We've been dreaming about it since.
We also had the pleasure of meeting one of the owners, and found her to be friendly, welcoming, and dedicated to making Tulane Ave a better place one shop at a time.  We loved it, and will be back often.First visit here.  Parking in the back since Tulane is pretty unavailable. Really good debris Poboy. Shrimp too. Keeping it old school Poboy.  Next time we'll try the other stuff.I was told by a regular that this place had seriously good sandwiches and that their gumbo was as good as home-made so in the name of science I just had to put it to the test! Verdict: fantastic. The chicken and sausage gumbo is rich and thick and perfectly seasoned. I added a healthy dose of Crystal but not because it needed it, because I just have a Crystal addiction! For the main course I ordered the roast beef debris po-boy which comes with fried pickles (a fantastic idea that I haven't seen anywhere else!) and creamy horseradish sauce (with extra horseradish for a spicier kick).
This is a place to visit and recommend and I will definitely be back.This place is a find. The food is delicious and plentiful. There are vegan options, and they can even accommodate shellfish allergies, which can be hard to do in New Orleans. I had the chicken po boy, with all the dressings, and Cajun fries. The fries were hot, fresh, and delicious, and the bread for the po boy was crispy on the outside, and soft and chewy on the inside. I'm almost reluctant to share this, because  I don't want it to be overrun!I had Avery's at Gambit's Food Revue.  
Their gumbo was outstanding. It was my favorite thing of the night from over 30 restaurants.  Their staff were very polite, taking the time to talk to us about their location and some of their menu items. 
I will definetly be going to their restaurant to try some other things.This is the best po boy in New Orleans, and probably my favorite place to eat in the city.  Favorite place to order from when we have visitors in town.  Other menu items also very good (e.g., gumbo), but the po boys like the Oysters Rockefeller, Barbecue Shrimp, and Pearl River are absolutely incredible.I may have eaten better fried oysters but I can't remember when. Definitely choose the option to sauté the oysters in butter and garlic before frying. The Sandbag poboy was a killer too along with the fried potato salad. Great staff and bev choices as well. You can eat at more expensive spots in NOLA but you won't eat at a better one.I love this place! While visiting NOLA we wanted to get away from the crowd and the touristy areas and get some real food. This place did not disappoint! It's in a bit of a rough neighborhood but don't let that stop you! The honey butter biscuits were amazing and the gumbo was the best that we've had in our visit. Highly recommended!hot damn.  If this isn't just the best Po-Boy shop in all of New Orleans. 
Right off of Broad and Tulane towards downtown stands a lil ol shop called Avery's on Tulane. 
I'm from New Orleans, and I've been to a ton of Po-Boy shops in my time, but this place is really something special.  Christy is originally from Buffalo and Justin is from New Orleans and the combination of these two worlds brings something special to the table,  literally!  IF you don't believe me,  just try their Buffalo Shrimp Po-Boy.  It's to die for, figuratively! 
All of their speciality sandwiches are great too,  just try one of them if you don't know what to get, and if soft shell crab is available, GET IT!  
My favorite thing to get is the Buffalo shrimp with sweet potato fries and Christina is a wonderful waitress.
Anyway, I'm not trying to make a huge deal about this joint, just sayin' it is da best and dats a fact.  This place has amazing specials, the classic sandwiches you know and love, and weekly specials featuring all the great fish that this side of the country has to offer.  believe dat.This place was amazing! Went here on the recommendation of a coworker who had come here when she visited New Orelans, and wasn't disappointed! We started off our meal with some stuffed artichokes with a crawfish sauce and biscuits with honey! Both were incredible and I honestly could have just eaten several more biscuits for my whole meal! We also had po boys. I got the buffalo shrimp and my friend got the BBQ shrimp. Both delicious!
On top of the delicious food, the staff is amazing. They're super nice! 
This place is now my go to the whenever I'm in NOLA!Nothing else was open but we are so glad.  Noon on a Saturday and the area seemed desolate.  Avery's did not disappoint.  Amazing service.. crazy good (and very filling).  
We had artichoke fried - oh my god.  Delicious.  Buffalo shrimp platter.  To die for.  Chicken gumbo good but not a must have.  Jumbo shrimp platter salty but delish and truly jumbo.  Did not disappoint.  At all
Oh. Get the biscuit.  Trust me.Avery's is a casual spot with fun and tasty po-boys like the Sandbag - roast beef, fried pickles and creamy horseradish sauce.  Plate lunches, daily specials and salads too.  Nothing fancy, just good food.Walked in and ordered 2 shrimp and a buffalo shrimp. My order was out in less than 10 minutes, I didn't have time to finish my coke!! My buffalo shrimp was excellent with blue cheese crumbles!! Deelish! I will be returning again.Great place to grab lunch or a beer. The roast beef Poorboy is unbelievably good!  The perfect amount of gravy!  Very friendly staff as well!Great custom sandwiches! U won't find anything else like this in New Orleans!
Oyster poboy w/ bacon & roast beef gravy?? Yes!!!avery's is gluten-free friendly. she went out of her way to make sure that I would have an amazing meal, and it was absolutely delicious. in addition to my buffalo shrimp salad and sweet potato fries, other members of my party had poboys, chicken gumbo, red beans and rice that came with a delectable honey biscuit. everything, including service, was absolutely wonderful. when we left, we realized that it was 40 minutes after closing time, and not a peep from anyone telling us to get a move on. how can the quality of everything be so great?!?Had the "Pearl River" poboy, OMG, so good. 
Fried oysters on poboy bread with roast beef gravy and crumpled crispy bacon.
Unbelievably good.Don't judge the book by the cover
Not sure where to start.   Roast beef poboy, gumbo, red beans and rice are all unbelievable.  Then try the fried potato salad.  Biscuits unbelievable.  Eating our way back to Houston.   Great with kids ( and adults)!!!Just discovered this delicious little hidden gem today. Wow, the food was good! Roast Beef debris poboy, fried potato salad, and spinach dip were all wonderful, but the hit of the meal was their homemade honey butter biscuits. My teenage son ate four, yes four of them before he got his poboy. They were THAT good! We were already planning what we were going to eat on our next visit while we were still at the table.Holy crap the best poboy I've had is here.  Far from the tourists, this tiny hole in the wall cranks out some crazy good poboys.  This is my new go to spot for everytime I visit nola...highly recommendI had there seafood gumbo since some one bought the whole batch sausage and chicken gumbo it was great there specialty po boy great!  I definitely will be back :)Came in just before close and talked to the two owners and their little girl (the restaurant is named for her). Even right before closing, they took the time to tell us all about the menu, their favorite items, etc. Great red beans with a thick smoked sausage and some of the best cornbread with honey butter I've ever had. Highly recommend it!As a quasi frequent visitor to New Orleans I continue to expand my eating experiences further and further from the tourist traps in the quarter. 
This trip I discovered Avery's On Tulane.  Probably the best po boy I've had.  The "Pearl River" po boy was a delectable treat of perfectly prepared oysters covered in debris gravy and dressed on the freshest bread possible.  To add to the experience, our waitress Tina was as friendly as could be.
Our table of five also enjoyed the seasoned fries, oyster gratin, and the best onion rings I've had.  The onions are prepared in a tempura batter and fried to perfection.  
This was my first time here but it will not be my last.  I look forward to my next trip on "Pearl River" and with any luck I will be without a paddle so I can extend the experience.Buffalo shrimp poboy. Excellent!  I don't even particularly like buffalo sauce on anything so that'll tell you something.  This place is an unnoticed wonderful hole in the wall.  Staff is super friendly food is excellent and cheap.  Not much more you can ask for!I think about this deep dark roux gumbo as I pleasure myself at night. The oyster poboy is maybe the best in the city.  There are no bad days at Avery's. The owners are some goddamned treasures.  Friendliest people who make sure all their food is great everyday.I've been craving Avery's for quite some time and I got a chance to go back. Their specials are divine and their oysters are delicious. Bacon and oyster gratin is definitely the way to go. Service is home style and they care to make sure you're happy. Definitely going back every chance i get. 
Ps: bring back the oyster soup!I am totally impressed with Avery's.  
The buffalo shrimp poboy is the stuff of my dreams: fried shrimp coated in hot sauce (think frank's red hot) and topped with blue cheese?  Get out of my head, Avery's.
The roast beef was deliciously messy and was topped with a zippy horseradish sauce.
You get a ridiculous amount of shoe-string fries for less than $2.
I went for a quick lunch. When I saw that it was table service, I was worried I didn't have time, but there was no need to worry. The servers were very quick and notably friendly. 
What a great lunch option in Midcity. I can't wait to go back.My husband and I visited this quaint spot recently and shared two dishes - gumbo and a garlic shrimp po boy. I'll start with the gumbo... it was a very dark roux and too fishy and heavy for our taste. The shrimp po boy was insanely divine! They hollowed out the bread and the sauce coated the bread in garlicy deliciousness. I devoured the sandwich and pawned the fishy soup on my husband, lol. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive. Plus we checked-in and got free fried pickles which was a bonus. Highly recommend!Tried this place based on the reviews. Ordered the shrimp PoBoy and fried onion rings. 
Reasonable prices. 
Get free onion rings with check in on Yelp. I did not see that in time. Rings are outstanding.  Not the greatest PoBoy. Bread a little chewy and shrimp had little flavor.Best Po-Boy in all of New Orleans! We are out of towners, but we've had our share of NOLA's fare. Found this place on Yelp when we were staying at an AirBNB nearby. We've been making this our last stop leaving the city every year for the past three years. Food is delicious, reasonably priced and given in large quantities. Highly recommended to anyone looking for a good meal off the beaten path.I love this place, they have buffalo shrimp po-boys and they are beyond scrumpdidlyumptious! Food comes out quick and piping hot. The servers are always so friendly and accommodating. I screwed up my order last time and they didn't bat an eye or make a disgusted face they were just like no worries. That's how it should be.The food is amazing and so are the owners and staff.  They have both traditional and not so traditional seafood plates and poboys.  You must try the fried potato salad.  Not everthing should be fried but this is a little ball of nirvana.I've only had the fried pickles and biscuits, but they're great! Super cute and friendly, and they have a vegetarian burger which is a major plusWhat better way to prepare for any Saints game but to get your PoBoy on in one of NOLA's voluminous gem hideaways. An escape from our dining events, this is another coup for TND to have an exclusively lunch place recently opened  in the evening.
Jason Pitard and his wife have always wanted their own restaurant. How about showcasing New Orleans's most famous sandwich, other than the Muffulatta, in the upcoming growth area of the Veterans-LSUMC mega plex for the voluminous employees, patients and families, visitors and residents of Mid City - it's neighbor? Diagonal from the near renovated, Dixie Brewery, Avery's building was chosen as the likely spot.
Our venerable sandwich has been evolving over the years with a trend to conversion of the upscale diners' plates to French bread and the drive to push the envelope. in that regard, the Pitards have created the Fried potato salad, yea you read right, and the Oysters Rockefeller PoBoys. In the pics, you will see a serving of the Fried potato salad and oyster Rockefeller dip, but served as appetizers - the former even bearing the monogram of the eatery. If you ever taste warm German potato salad, you'll better undersand the effort, but the real pleasant,surprise is the lighter batter of panko. Also, the BBQ Shrimp is included along with all your well known favorites of: cafish, shrimp. oyster, roast beef with debris, drilled chicken, smoke and hot sausages,turkey, ham, hamburger and hot dog.
In addition, both gumbo types are included. A few salads are notable in taste and homemade dressings. The typical side of FFs is seasoned here but a sweet potato variety is also offered. Onion rings and fried pickles are standard sides as well.
Now, they are serving daily specials and one of my favorites is Tuesday's Shrimp Creole - a dish we grew up with that is rare nowadays.
The modus operandi of ordering at the counter at least is distinguished by table service of your order.
PARKING available on Tulane Avenue in front of the store and a lot in the rear, accessed around the corner.Had some amazing honey butter biscuits ... but it's basically an every day bar .. with average bar food .. went with a girlfriend and my daughter .. don't remember the food being anything amazing other than the biscuitsRidiculously delicious!  Everything on the menu is fantastic, but try the specials!  The staff is exceptional too!Chicken gumbo: very think, almost the consistency of a thick stew. Taste was very good though 
Barbecue shrimp poboy: stuff poboy with a generous amount of shrimp, very well seasoned 
Buffalo shrimp platter: very tasty, generous amount of shrimp. Downside: the menu describes them as popcorn shrimp and they aren't super tiny but they would be more enjoyable if the shrimp were biggerMy first time at Avery's today and it was lunch hour. Wait time was awful with me and my boyfriens waiting an hour and a half. We ordered the buffalo shrimp po-boy with a basket of onion rings and two honey butter biscuits. The food was really good and filling. I understand the slow service due to the packed restaurant but I wouldn't like it to happen again. Ordered a bread pudding to go and it was the best I've had yet. I really enjoyed Avery's besides the wait time and would come back in a few months this when they get their bearings straight.The Chef, and owner , really know what the heck he is doing.  This is the best gumbo in town. Chef actually said he took pride in his gumbo, and it shows. The way he incorporates the oysters and shrimp into the rue, just before serving, is just one clue that should tell you, this chef knows his trade. Overall food quality is five star and yet prices are quite fair. Service is friendly and professional although I could care less if the service sux as long as the food is exceptional.  This is one of less than ten restaurants in town that serve wild caught catfish. And they have a Friday catfish special to boot.  Now, this place is where I take my outta towners to eat gumbo and learn about good food.  YummThis place is incredible. My favorite restaurant in the city. Get the honey biscuits and the fried potato salad and fries and the BBQ shrimp po'boy. Oh my god I have dreams about the BBQ shrimp po'boy...Excellent oyster po boy!
Service great!
Onion rings like no other!
They are off the beaten path but well worth the drive to get to them...Outstanding po-boys. Tried 6 inches of the sandbag a kicked up roast beef.  Very good but a little too much fried pickle.  The fire in the hole po-boy was outstanding and was the best hot sausage po-boy I have eaten in 40 years!!  Service was excellent.  Easy to get seated for weekday lunch.  Highly recommended.Best New Orleans cooking in Midcity! I love the honey biscuits! The red beans are so creamy and delicious. I also got a cup of chicken and sausage gumbo that you can't not get when you eat here! The service was great! Everyone was really nice and I felt like I was in my moms kitchen.The staff was super friendly, and the roast beef po-boy had a combination of flavor and shredded texture that was about as good as it gets. They will even add extra gravy, in order to serve a sandwich for those who don't like it messy. Lots of clever combinations, and friendly staff.This place is so so so good and is staffed by super nice people. We went here on a saturday afternoon and parked in the back. There were 2 large groups and a couple smaller groups but we were seated and helped right away. I got the small shrimp po boy and my boyfriend had the small smoked sausage po boy and we shared a basket of fries and two sweet teas. 
Let me tell you, both po boys were ridiculously good and huge for being smalls! Everything is fresh and comes out really quickly. I got a side of their house made remoulade and poured it on my po boy and dipped fries in it, it was that good. We were given plenty of refills and offered togo cups for our teas. Our meal came out to about $21 which I felt was pretty good considering how fresh, tasty and generously portioned everything was.
I will def be back! I want to try the fried potato salad! I wish they were open a bit later though but I would still recommend Avery's if your looking for a comfy and tasty place to eat. Friendly people and good food, what more could you ask for?If you're looking for a nice place on Canal St., it's definitely worth the extra walk. We came in 5 minutes before closing, but the staff still served us and gave us all the time to eat. The owner even took the time to give us some nice tips for good bars to visit in the french quarter. 
The food is simple but delicious. And for a good 30 dollars you can get a table full of dishes and sides you won't finish with 6 hungry teenagers, so you better walk in the door real hungry!We took an Uber from our hotel, and just one look out the window on the drive over made me wonder where in the world we were going. The area did look a little shady, but the trek is so worth it!
We really wanted to try another New Orleans classic - a po boy, and this place exceeded all expectations. We ordered the buffalo shrimp po boy and the half oyster/half shrimp po boy. The shrimp and oyster were cooked to perfection (not overly chewy) and was coated with the right amount of flour. The French bread was perfectly crisp without overly scratching the roof of your mouth.
We also ordered the gumbo, and oh my goodness, you can tell this is the real deal. You can taste the hours that went into boiling this soup because each bite produced a deep flavor profile of the seafood contents. I tried gumbo at three different places and I have to say, this one is my favorite.
If you check in here with a party of 2, they still honor the Yelp deal that's meant for a party of 4. They just give you a half size of pickle chips and onion rings. When arrived, it looked like a full size portion so I can't imagine what the full size is like.
We want on a Saturday and they also had $2 mimosas. 
Despite the surroundings, this place has amazing food! You will not regret coming here.Used Avery's last night for catering for a customer appreciation party. I called them with less then 24 hours notice and Julie and Christy delivered a feast that impressed my clients! I've been getting e-mails all day today thanking me for the great food.Came in for dinner on a Saturday night. We were the only table other than a couple folks at the bar. The service was friendly and attentive. 
The have some really unique sounding items on the menu that I'd definitely go back to try. We started with a fried potato salad, gumbo, and oyster Rockefeller dip. The fired potato salad is an interesting idea, though perhaps more of a novelty item. It was good enough, but not much is added by frying it. My fiancé enjoyed her gumbo, though perhaps a touch to much file'. We didn't care for the oyster dip very much. It was quite earthy tasting, and slightly thin, which made it not super appetizing. At a cost of nearly $10, I muscled through about half of it. We also shared a honey butter biscuit, which was yummy. 
For our entrees, I got the pearl river po-boy, and my fiancé had the fried shrimp plate with sweet potato fries and fried pickles. The po-boy was delicious. The roast beef debris was really flavorful and with the bacon and fried oysters, was just excellent. Make sure you get extra napkins, you will need them!  My fiancé enjoyed the shrimp and the house made tartare sauce.First time visitor but definitely will not be the last time. The alligator was so tender...and my Mom said it's the best seafood gumbo she has EVER had - and that's saying something. 
Cute, casual atmosphere and friendly staff. Thanks for a great lunch!Oh my lord the catfish poboy is out of this world! I came here on a whim and the servers were so friendly and nice. I couldn't choose between the buffalo shrimp and the catfish so they made me a buffalo catfish poboy and dear lord I think I went to heaven and back again.A very strong 4 star, and a very good choice by the locals. With so many excellent poboys in the city, it's just hard to break through. Same with gumbo - very good, but there's better in town.  Fries were okay.  Good Bloody Mary.  This place is worth trying.This is a big part of New Orleans. It sits on Tulane road new the heart of the city. Good food and good people. I know the owners personally.Great local spot for po boys. I had the fried shrimp but the roast beef looked great as well. A must have is the artichoke balls. They were fantastic.Yum Yum! Service was great and I finished my 12 inch po boy in one sitting. (Head hung in shame). This is a nice neighborhood place : no frills. No tvs. Just great food!I thoroughly enjoyed my entire dinner here and Chris was an amazing waitress. The restaurant is clean and they have beautiful local art on the walls for sale. The Pearl is the best po boy I've had in a very long time. It was an orgasmic experience! The amazing Pearl had beautiful, big deep fried Louisiana oysters, roast beef debris and fresh thick cut bacon on top. All my favorite things on a po boy. It was like meeting the perfect man but it was a po boy. I ate that delicious po boy without coming up for air. All the flavor combinations were distinct but blended superbly. The Pearl is the type of po boy that put smiles on everyone faces. Anyone that visits this establishment should order this po boy. The roux on the gumbo tasted burned but the excellent customer service from Chris totally made up for it. Chris was attentive to all my needs and was wonderful. I will definitely revisit this restaurant. I would also like to let visitor know that Avery's has a parking lot on the side street so you don't have to concern yourself with street parking. This place has aced all my requirements of great food, excellent service and awesome drinks.Found this place on Yelp and it was within walking distance from our AirBnB, so decided to check it out.  We were very happy with Avery's!  Ordered the Buffalo Shrimp po-boy and a ham po-boy, and a big basket of fries (whoah! That was a LOT of fries!)  Everything was tasty, served quickly, and with generous portions.  The waitress was very friendly and gave great suggestions from the menu.  They are only open during lunch time, so be sure to check the hour before stopping by, but if you can make it, it'll be a great experience.We were headed back home and I  had yet to have a good po boy on this particular trip to NOLA. We were trying to avoid the French Quarter, so we decided against our usual go-to, Johnny's. Based on the other reviews, we decided to try Avery ' s and we were so glad we did! I had the shrimp po boy and asked to sub the mayo for the remoulade...another excellent choice, as their remoulade is house-made. The po boy was hands down the BEST I've ever had. The shrimp were abundant and excellently seasoned. The bread was fresh, chewy and did not fall apart even when stuffed with shrimp. The owner was our waitress and she was very friendly. After our raving about the food, she explained that they use all fresh ingredients, local shrimp and make their sauces in house. She also brought us a sample of their chicken and sausage gumbo, which I am pretty sure has crack in it. We decided to take some home (to Atlanta) for dinner along with some of the honey butter biscuits, which are also phenomenal by the way. Despite what others on yelp have said, the pricing is very reasonable, especially for the quality and quantity of the food! When you are in NOLA, you should definitely check out Avery's. You will not be disappointed.Was looking for a po'boy for lunch and boy was I glad I came across Avery's.  Friendly waitresses, you bet.  Plenty of food at a reasonable price, check.  Authentic southern cooking, hell yeah.
I got the buffalo po'boy with an order of fries.  The shrimp was cooked to perfection and where most places just give you a couple pieces of shrimp and then use filler to stuff the rest of the sandwich at Avery's there was so much shrimp it was overflowing the bread.  When I had finished the waitress came over and offered a drink in a to go cup (who does that anymore?).
Don't let the location deter you.  The place was filled with locals when I went so you know if residents are going to Avery's you can be assured you are going to get a very good meal.This place.  The Buffalo shrimp poboy is beyond delicious - fried shrimp tossed in buffalo sauce and sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles.  I considered giving four stars because the iced tea was watery (a Southern travesty), and lunch was pretty chaotic; however, the staff was very kind and accommodating, so my lunch experience was a delight.  For you poboy aficionados, the bread is traditional.The line at Parkway was insane so my friend suggested this place. Not a lot of ambiance, but the food was really good and the service-top notch. We all loved our po-boys and shared a big basket of fries. Reasonable prices. Go!This might be the best casual restaurant in New Orleans. It thoroughly exceeds expectations consistently. The barbecued shrimp po boy, for example, is twice as good as the same thing everywhere else -- and I like it everywhere else just fine. The gumbo is dark and rich. I'd gladly dine on this gumbo at a five star restaurant. And I think they invented the buffalo shrimp po boy with blue cheese. The owners are very warm.AMAZING. We wanted to try some quality gumbo before our leaving New Orleans, and we were not disappointed! We got the seafood gumbo and the chicken and pork gumbo. Both had a unique and delicious savory flavor. The seafood gumbo had a ton of shrimp and both came with crusty bread to soak up all of the broth. If you go, don't forget the honey biscuit!! Reading the other reviews, I expected it to be good, but it was HEAVENLY. It was warm, flaky, covered in honey, and somehow still not too sweet. Don't miss Avery's!Update to my review from February, 2016. I've been to Avery's many times since that original visit. The number one reason I love them is because all you have to do is ask. Want deveined jumbo shrimp on the fried, grilled or BBQ shrimp poboy? Just ask.  Want a few fried pickles added to that poboy. They can do it. Well, yeah, there's an upcharge for bigger shrimps. And that cup of gumbo is still plenty to share.  Several specialty poboys here.  Christy and Justin are two of the nicest folks you will ever meet. Oh one little thing, my last honey butter biscuit needed more of both.I'm not a big fan of the city of New Orleans. I personally think it's a hell hole. BUT DAMN does that city have some great food and Avery's Po-Boys does it right. I've tried about everything on the menu when I lived there and nothing was bad about that place.
Personal favorites: Buffalo shrimp po boy and some homemade biscuits. Unreal how good this place is. A must when you go to New Orleans.The poboys are the best I've had in the city. And I've had a few of them. The standards are good and the special ones are worth the adventure too! Fried catfish, roast beef, shrimp, and you can add fried pickles to any of them too. I like fried pickles. 
They do gluten free if you need that, and when my wife voiced her shellfish allergy they had the idea to switch out the cooking oil just to be safe. We didn't ask for special treatment, but they suggested and offered it. 
The staff is super friendly all the time and while the location may not be the best right now, once the medical buildings are finished the area will probably get nicer. It doesn't matter, the food is good and inside is a nice atmosphere.Wow what great po-boy place! The signature buffalo shrimp with bleu cheese is spot on! The honey biscuits are great, as well as the fried catfish with the crawfish sauce on the top. You can't go wrong with any of them. Extra bonus are the bucket appetizers of onion rings and French fries. 
What you'll notice is that there is t a kids menu. That's on purpose because the owner has kids, and doesn't want to to bring down the dining experience, and she was right. My child shared the honey biscuit and the side of Mac and cheese, and she was happy.
The wait staff/owner are some great people and very sociable. We had a large group of six plus three kids, and the service was great! 
Can't wait, to come back for more.This "off the beaten path" place was exactly what I had been looking for. I wanted casual, comfortable, laid back, easy to get to, not wall to wall people and noise, AND good food at a very reasonable price.  Too much to ask for in downtown New Orleans?    Not at all!  Everything I hoped for PLUS an exuberant and friendly server and very pleasant owner made our last day in N.O. great.  
Next time we're in town, I'm coming back.  And I'm telling others about this awesome little place!awesome owners,  great servers, fast & delicious food, don't hesitate going on lunch break. very cozy & warm dining room, convenient parking around back, with a back door entrance. this is definitely a must try ! ! !We found this place by googling "gluten free po-boy NOLA." While they don't use gluten free bread (yet), they will prepare fried platters using gluten-free batter and frying it in separate oil. They are also conscientious about gluten, and know which menu items are "safe," such as the red beans & rice.
The gumbo contains gluten, so I couldn't have any, but my husband said it was fantastic. The fried oysters were plump and rich, and the catfish (wild Louisiana-caught) was tender and catfishy--not too greasy or overly crusty.
Portions were huge. Great service. Loved the art on the walls.
Randomly, there was video poker in the back. We didn't partake, but if that's your thing, you'll want to know,Found Avery's on Yelp, and it was wonderful.  So glad we stopped for lunch.  We will definitely be back next time we are in New Orleans.Such wonderful service! Delicious food. I felt like I was eating a home cooked meal that was made with positive energy that wasn't rushed. 
I ordered the BBQ shrimp po boy and seafood gumbo. Delicious! My boyfriend ordered the creole gumbo---divine as well. I am more of a seafood person so I didn't like it as much as the one that I ordered. 
The menu had a large selection, they accepted credit cards, and weren't overly crowded. The decor was intriguing. I didn't leave feeling overly full and sick (like most of the places in NOLA). 
I recommend this restaurant to anyone that's visiting. It cost about $30 total to take a cab there and back from our hotel. The cab fare is the downside. I probably would have had several meals here if it was within walking distance from our hotel. Again, worth it!Great Louisiana shrimp poboy. We split a large and it was a lot of sandwich. The fried potato salad and honey butter biscuit were also deelish. Great service too! :)Recommend the buffalo po boy!! So delicious. We also got a side of fried pickles and sweet potato fries. Sweet potato fries were better than the fried pickles but both were super good. The waitress was superrrr friendly and nice. Excellent service. Definitely recommend this placeBroke out of my salad obsession to try the shrimp poboy. Something about their bread is just so good. Maybe I should order the buffalo shrimp salad and ask for slice of bread so I get the best of both worlds.I enjoyed my lunch here!
A friend recommended it to me and I walked over while I was doing jury duty nearby. I got the red beans and rice which is on special on Mondays. It was really good! A big serving and the honey biscuit was AWESOME. I would definitely go back to try some other menu items.The red beans and rice are very good, beaten only by Felix in the Quarter, which are more mushy if you like them that way, and the shrimp po-boy was excellent although the bread is slightly chewy.  Still, the bread has the crisp on the outside and is not too thick.  French fries were on the crisp side and not overly seasoned.  Service was very friendly, which adds a star to my rating.I had an early dinner at Avery's today.  I've always loved Avery's since they opened, but they seem to keep getting better and better.  Their menu has changed again and it's definitely for the better.  
I started out with a lagniappe app of oysters rocque (sp?) on toast.  I didn't order it, but the owner, Justin, sent it out because after I told him how much I love seafood he decided I just HAD to try it.  He was right!  It was amazing!  A rich mix of 3 plump oysters (best oysters I've had since BP ruined the gulf) topped with a creamy, rich spinach sauce topping.  Amazing!!!! It had my friend and I drooling.  We licked our plates clean.
My buddy had an amazing shrimp poboy.  He was raving about how perfectly the sandwich was made and how it was some of the freshest shrimp he's had in a while.  
This ain't ya average poboy shop!
I am a sucker for softshell crabs, so i ordered the softshell crab platter.  2 GIANT softshell crabs, shoestring fries, and a side of my choice (I picked fried mushrooms).  First, I've NEVER in my 30 years in New Orleans seen a larger softshell crab.  Seriously, I asked if they were giving their softshells steroids when they got them.  I was expecting the dinky sized Deanie's sized softshells (Sorry Deanies - It's over between us).  These crabs were fresh from a lady in Des Allamands (I think that's the city they said they came from).  They were amazing.  I couldn't wait to tear into them . I could only finish one, but that meant I could bring one home for a midnight snack and I'm okay with that.
The fried mushrooms were covered in a heavenly light batter and drizzled with Remelaude sauce.  I'm not usually a fan of rem sauce, but the mushrooms were amazing.  I think next time I'll ask for the sauce on the side, but i'm just weird about sauces.  
The fries were perfectly fried shoestrings.  
I was so full I couldn't get to the bread pudding.  I'm kicking myself for not taking any home with me for later.  Don't judge me.  I get the munchies late at night.
The staff was attentive and awesome.  Prices are really reasonable for the portion sizes.  The owner made a point of checking in to see how we enjoyed everything.  Service was fast.  Food made it to our table within 10 minutes.  My friend enjoyed it so much that he's bringing his dad back this weekend for Dad's birthday.  
It's so nice to go into a restaurant and be treated like family.  Nothing like a family business that makes a point to show some love to their customers.  
I'll be back Avery's!!!Me and my sis stopped in here the other afternoon for a snack--- we wanted to try something new. We checked Yelp reviews and saw that this place had fried potato salad. That caught our attention...
So, the interior of the place is small and dive-y, with kitchen and small bar in the back. There was some really cool, local-made artwork on the walls, which was a nice NOLA touch. Aside from me and my sister, there was no one else in the place, which is usually a bad sign, but fortunately for us, the food and service was the cats pajamas.
We ordered- fried potato salad, fried catfish poboy, vegan bean burger, cajun fries, and CHAMPAGNE. The food came out fast, was reasonably priced, and super flavorful. My sis really loved her bean sandwich. 
Bathroom was clean and had more local artwork!
I would definitely recommend this place for a quick and cheap lunch/dinner. Only thing that could have made it better-- better tasting ranch dressing (for our fries).Avery's was our last stop on our way out of NOLA.  My husband really wanted to go there after a friend highly recommended it.  To be honest I was not super excited about another fried meal, and wasn't even that hungry, but I was was wrong, soooo wrong.  This was the best meal I had in Nola and one of the best I've ever had! Between my husband my friend and I we tried the seafood gumbo, shrimp and oyster po boys, fried baked potato salad, a honey butter biscuit, and fried pickles.  All were perfect.  Fried items were not greasy, and had a nice cloudy lightness to them.  I will have dreams about that honey butter biscuit.  The staff were extremely friendly, and when we mentioned we were from buffalo NY they brought out 3 small tasting plates of the buffalo shrimp... They were honestly better than any buffalo shrimp I've had in buffalo.  We will return to this location any time were in New Orleans!!! Totally worth a little drive out of the main tourist area.Haven't even tried the food yet but their oven and wasn't working so I couldn't get the 2 honey biscuits I ordered over the phone so they gave me two bread puddings instead when I got there and didn't charge me for the biscuits or the bread pudding. Amazing service.Just left this delicious spot and I wish I was still hungry to order more food. We had the chicken and sausage gumbo and BBQ shrimp po boy!  Awesome!  Great service. Reasonably priced. I will be back.This place was an out the way gem. I took the Canal street car to Waffle House near the hospital. I got off in an almost sketchy neighborhood which felt like Oakland except no one was outside. I walked 6 blocks to Averys. A nice lady greeted me and I sat down. I looked at the menu and ordered the gumbo, biscuit with honey, shrimp/oyster po boy and strawberry ale. Everything was good, the po boy was bigger than my Yelp ego. I'm craving those fried oysters now,! The gumbo was seafood and had a nicer texture than gravy and was sophisticatedly smoked. I'm imagining this is what they would call "blackened" if you could blacken gumbo. The strawberry beer was the second most interesting beer I've had this year next to Preims rye  in mt hood Oregon. Wait a min I forgot it's 2018, so it was the most interesting. The biscuit drenched in honey was better than anything out my mommas stoveShut the front door! This is one of the best places I've eaten. Food came out super fast. I got the Pearl River Po Boy - fried oysters, roast beef gravy, bacon, lettuce, and mayo. Best Po Boy I've ever had. Got a small order of onion rings to go along. Fantastic as well. Great tempura batter and the onion inside was perfect. Wonderful NOLA lunch! Probably coming back tomorrow.Amazing po'boys, fried potato salad, and catfish salad. Soooo good!
Extremely sweet staff that genuinely brightened my day :)Great place! My work grabs lunch here often when we're out in the field. We're a group with a wide range of preferences but Avery's always has something that pleases everyone! The staff is great, very friendly!This is the most fantastic food I've had this trip you have to try the poppers and gumbo!  Everything is absolutely amazing!  Make this place a must!!Fantastic Po boy and Creole fries. Christy was great, and I love the eclectic feel of the place. I will be going back!!!Can I just say that I'm always looking at foods on Postmates, Waitr, and UberEats? If it wasn't for that, I would have never found this secret gem!
So to start off, I've ordered delivery from them multiple times but never got the chance to come here before until today. Parking is kind of hard to find, but it's New Orleans so what do you expect? However, they do have parking behind the building and there's a back entrance so that saves you the trip around the corner. 
Pretty small inside, but it looks like a good place to get a quick lunch. They also have bar seating and patio seating in the back. Service here was extremely quick! I ordered and the food came out in less than 10 minutes. I got the blackened shrimp Alfredo and it was sooooo bomb. Literally the best Alfredo in the city. The service was fast, the food came out fast, and you get way more than you pay for. I'll be back!This is a great place for food! The shrimp po-boy is delicious! The chicken & sausage gumbo is good. The garlic bread is yummy.
We want to try seafood gumbo but they ran out when we were there today. It's too bad that we're leaving New Orleans tomorrow and will not have a chance to try other items on their menu...
The service was awesome!
The only down side is they only open from 11 AM - 4PMWoot! I finally made it over to Avery's and the experience didn't disappoint.
I am never in this part of town, so when I found myself over this way around lunchtime, I made a point of treating myself to a po boy. I wasn't in a seafood mood, so I decided on a 6 inch hot sausage po boy. First of all, the prices here are insanely fair. A 6 inch hot sausage came to a little over $5. In fact, the most expensive po boy I saw was maybe $10 for an oyster (6 inch). I feel like so many shops take advantage of our love of that certain sub and hit us with crazy up charges, because they know that we will pay it. Not so at Avery's.
The sandwich was amazing. It was crispy and thick with delicious meat. It also had some kind of sauce on it (I think). Now that I think of it, it may have just been the condiments mixing in with the sausage grease, but hey, it worked for me. Avery's has table service, but I decided to get my sandwich to go. I was in a bit of a rush, and Christy (one of the owners) was super cool about speeding things along so that I wouldn't miss an appointment.
I will definitely be back to Avery's. I get the feeling that with the revitalization of Tulane, Avery's is going to blow up even more than it already has. I better enjoy the lack of a line while I can get it!