I was hesitant to step out of my comfort zone for this Asian Fusion hole in the wall. I AM SO GLAD THAT I DID! It's the best mix of sweet and spicy! We drive an hour for bacos and bobas bc there's no where in Baton Rouge area that offers such cuisine. The staff is always friendly. The food doesn't take long; always cooked up fresh! Cannot go wrong with the Sate Brisket Bacos & the chicken wings are to die!in my opinion, the best bahn mi i've had - at least in the city. i haven't been to the places i've heard about in the east. the bacos are great too, my favorite being the chicken curry. i've just come across ba chi but i'm likely to return here frequently. can't beat a good bahn mi for $5.50.The first time you get the bacos they are magical.  Really magical and yummy and honestly I think I've tried them all. This is a solid go-to place for me when I have guests in town, just because that first baco experience is so riveting. Overall I have to settle on a 3 stars because their pho isn't as good I had hoped.  The chicken I got was a huge let down. There was a lot of fat connecting dark and white meat to the point where it looked more like sliced mushrooms than chicken. The broth was good, but I have definitely had better. The bacos are what to come for.I come here two or three times a week. It is a very comforting spot for me. I always sit outside at the picnic tables or on the little covered patio. My current favorite menu items are: the gyoza nachos and the oyster baco for starters. And then I love the brisket pho--If I feel myself getting sick, I always feel better after eating the pho. I learned a tip from one of the waiters that pho is also good for a hangover. I love the sticky rice and the charbroiled pork and the sticky rice and the lemongrass chicken. And then I think the charbroiled pork and pate po boys are so delicious. There is just a good feeling at this restaurant. Once they forgot to put pate on my vietnamese po-boy that I ordered and remade the whole thing, even though I didn't want them to go to the trouble--I thought they would have just added it to the side. The whole staff is incredibly kind and good natured always. My boyfriend and I go here, my best friend and I go here, and I have now roped my mum into coming and she loves coming here as well. I am thankful to have such a spot on Maple Street.Yum, yum, yum! I love the layout of this restuarant. We sat on the semi-covered patio for lunch on one beautiful day. There's great people watching down Maple Street and there's a few picnic benches if you want to sit completely outside. Service was quick and friendly. I ended up ordering three bacos-  the chili shrimp one, a bulgogi one, and the oyster one. All super reasonably priced. My favorite was probably the oyster baco though they were all excellent. The toppings were all yummy, and I loved the mixing of different Asian food cultures like seaweed salad and kimchee on top of different bacos. My only complaint is that each baco is pretty small - I was still hungry after three. I would say if you are starving go for 4 or 5 or get an appetizer. But definitely check this place out, it's awesome!I came here for a quick lunch today to satsify my craving for noodles and fried tofu. I appreciated the fact that they had a vegetarian menu, but none of the vegan options were listed, so I had to ask the waitress. Apparently the lemongrass tofu has fish sauce in it, despite being on the vegetarian menu. This is why I always clarify if things are vegan! I got the vermicelli with sweet chili tofu. I was pleasantly surprised by the portion size considering the price of $8.50. Honestly I have been constantly been disappointed by portion size and prices of Vietnamese food in New Orleans (I'm from the SF Bay area, land of cheap asian food galore), hence the surprise when my food came. The tofu squares were large and wonderfully fried, not greasy at all. The sweet chili sauce was reminescent of the kind that accompanies fried tofu in Thai restaurants. There was a large portion of bun, and since it was warm, it was a bit sticky. Lettuce, fried shallots, and peanuts accompanied the dish. My complaint is that I found little pieces of dried shrimp in my bowl. I didn't taste any, and I picked out the rest. Vegan fare isn't super popular in the city, so I don't make a big deal when a non-vegan restaurants messed up the order, especially since I am not allergic. I also had the limeade/jasmine tea blend. I couldn't really taste the jasmine tea. It wasn't really worth the money. The restaurant was decently decorated, but they could really use a new a/c. It was quite warm in the room, probably almost 80 degrees. 4 stars for food, minus 1 for the heat and dried shrimp.
The bacos looked interesting, but it didn't seem worth it to me to try ONE for $3.Not exactly sure of some of these negative reviews, but Ba Chi Canteen did not disappoint us!
This modern take on Vietnamese food definitely hit the spot for us. Bacos were delish! (Planning on making a trip back to Ba Chi to pick up some more Bacos before we leave town!) we had the bulgogi and the spicy curry shrimp (my fave!). One star off because I feel like the Pho was not up to par with other pho places (or mom's... But no one makes pho better than mommy dearest!)
Restaurant was clean, which is a huge factor for me! Decor was nice, and I think I read that a percentage of their profits goes to charity? LOVE!
Service was really good for us! They were very attentive and friendly.. And made some helpful recommendations on the menu! We were the very last to leave that night as they were getting ready to leave.. And we never got the dirty glares or pushes to leave like you would get at others places.Went for a Friday night dinner. Didn't realize it was BYOB until after we'd arrived - sidenote: if you try to go to the Shell station nearby, you'll find no wine, and the Walgreens doesn't sell alcohol. They do permit drinks from bars, though. 
Loved the variety of items on the menu and the amount of choices for vegetarians. Ordered the sweet chili shrimp vermicelli and spicy fried catfish baco. Both were amazing, but I loved the baco most! Will definitely return to try the rest of the bacos!So, here is my take on Ba Chi Canteen..
My Pho was decent.. Not great but decent.
The brisket was a little dry.
The broth was very tasty and the fillings were ample.
Now, I would love, love , love it if someone in this city would use the
 Skinny, hot Vietnamese peppers instead of jalapeno slices, 
but it seems to be a trend here in NOLA.
The Crispy Pork Egg Rolls, were AMAZING!
I would go eat there just for those.
I do believe I'll try it one more time to se if the beef being dry was a fluke.
I have my hopes up..
See you there.
Big Easy DaddyI came here awhile ago with family, and I must say, we were pretty disappointed. The general atmosphere and decor was pretty nice, but it kinda felt cramped at times. Maybe that's just me.
We ordered the pork belly baco, sweet chili shrimp baco, char. Pork baco, kimchi fries, porkfecta with vermicelli, Korean short ribs with vermicelli, and there was something else, but I don't remember.
Nothing was bad, it just wasn't great. The service was also kinda slow IMO. The kimchi fries were just okay.. None of us really cared for it -- we got it bc of the reviews. The Korean short ribs were good, but I've had much much better. Everything else was okay. The thing that was really worth commenting on was the pork belly - both in baco & vermicelli. Maybe it was a super off day for them, but the pork belly that day smelled really funky and tasted even more so. Maybe we caught it bc we eat that often anyways, but it just didn't seem right that day. Bc of that, we kinda steered clear of that in the vermicelli.If I could have giving it 0 stars I would have. The food was nasty and instead of telling us that we didn't have to pay, they made us pay the bill! The egg rolls were yellow crunchy and gross. The smell of the pho was enough to make me throw up. It was yellow and terrible. The service was okay until we wanted to tell our waiter that we didn't want the food. Although we offered to pay, they should have told us no, and that it was okay. Don't go here!I love this place.   If you are a tofu lover I think this is the best I have tasted!  The coconut curry tofu is delicious.   I am not any kind of food expert but I have always enjoyed my meals here.  Staff is friendly, enclosed patio seating is wonderful, and did I mention the tofu is perfection!EDIT: I only have a couple of reviews on this site, and I reviewed this place five years ago and gave it two stars because of terrible service. I have returned several times in the past year and most of my complaints are no longer valid. I would honestly give it 5 stars if they sold alcohol, but the BYO wine policy almost makes up for even that.Hit or miss. The first time it was pretty good. The second time it was like I was at a different place. The fish sauce was way watered down and the grilled pork tasted nuked, which I hate! I hope the next time is better.
The fact that they stay open later than most places in the area is a plus.Vietnamese classics with a modern twist. I've had a few different things and all were extremely delicious: pork belly baco, catfish baco, pulled pork baco, pork belly banh mi, and OMG KIMCHI FRIES.Well, first off, they have off-street parking = winning! And outdoor seating = amazing! Their pork belly taco was super fatty, which is how I like it - but the rest of my party openly cringed. Not for the faint of heart. My pork vermicelli bowl was ginormous with robust flavor to boot! The pho bowls were also large and fragrant and from the way my cohorts zealously devoured their noodles, I would say it was also pho-licious. Needless to say, we all suffered from major food coma and were thoroughly unproductive the rest of the work day = successful Friday lunch outting!Go for the pork fecta and the bacos. The creamy spicy shrimp was my favorite. Skip the chicken pho. I like pho that makes my nose run. This was regular ole' chicken soup.Much larger menu than other Vietnamese places in town. Hubby really enjoyed the Pho and i enjoyed all the appetizers. YUM. We will dine here again.Great place to get large quantities of good Vietnamese food. Service is leisurely but nice and there's never a large crowd there all at once despite being close to some popular bars and colleges. Prices are wonderful, servings are large and food is qualityAmazing Vietnamese food. I love the idea of the bacos and the chicken ones were especially tasty. Flavorful pho as well.Love the bacos, good pho, must get spicy curry fries. Nice limeades, though I'm not sure they refill them. Shared their most expensive plate once (beef with sticky rice and salad) and it was more than enough for two people. 
Usually young people dining, probably college kids from Tulane and Loyola hanging out in here, but occasionally see some older neighborhood people. 
Only annoying thing about this place is that they do a turnover from 2:30-5:30 and more than once we've wanted to go here in the middle of that dead time. Also closed Sundays, which I get that they need an off day, but I'd think Monday would be better considering their college kid patrons.  Came here first week it opened and it was not impressive then, but they've since got their act together.Very interesting Asian fusion food. My husband and I enjoyed it. This is our 2nd time trying this place out when we visited Nola. Great service. They were closing at 230 (we didn't know) we arrived at 220. They were so generous they let us stay! Now that's great service! They were patient with us, we did not feel rushed at all. Very nice team. We ordered basically everything off the menu and everything was delicious! The Asian burrito is a must try! We would def visit again on our next trip to Nola.Food was delish.  Had the seafood pho, very good. The soft shell crab baco was veryyy good. Korean beef short ribs. All very good!Went for some ramen (like our fourth or fifth time here). Bacos and curry fries good as usual. But the ramen was disappointing. The broth was just not right-too sweet and tasted too similar to pho broth, not enough pork flavor but way too much salt- and it ruined the dish. Stick to the pho or your risk displeasure. We spent $50+tip for limeade, soft drink, three bacos, curry fries and ramen, and it just did not seem worth it due to the "shame ramen".I like BYOB places, because sometimes I just want to drink without spending $100 on my meal.  Their service is quick, and the food was good.  We ordered appetizers with our entrees and made it out for under $40.  A nice neighborhood restaurant that I will return to.The staff is really friendly here which keeps me coming back. Nothing I've had is bad but nothing I've had is really great. I was excited they were offering ramen again but my curry chicken ramen was so so for $18ish. Vermicelli I've had and it's good. Everything I've had is "good"
Just nothing out of the norm.  However, I do know they have many more menu items to try which I'll eventually do when I'm in the neighborhood and hungry because the staff and the character will keep me coming back from time to timeThe pho here was alright, but the noodles were a little over cooked.  The bacos really stole the show here.  They also have banh mi sandwiches here for $7.
Iced French drip coffee w/condense milk $4.25
Beef pho combination (rare flank, brisket, and beef ball) $10.75
Creamy spicy shrimp po'boy/banh mi $9 - This was ok, looks more delicious than it taste.
Soft shell crab baco $7.50 - My favorite dish here.  
Pork belly baco $3.75 - Delicious!
Kimchi fries $5.25 - Pretty good fries.
There's 4 parking spots next to the restaurant and free street parking available.  The streets in this area are pretty narrow.
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )Baco's are overpriced. Pork Belly is amazing. No booze? Ugh :(Ba Chi was a nice place to eat, and had a nice crowd when we were there on a weeknight. The food is decent, but is definitely a little bit overpriced for its quality. I recommend the curry tofu appetizer. I'm not usually a tofu eater, but this was very flavorful.Tan Dinh's skinnier relative - menu's a little smaller but just as good
My parents wanted something healthy and suggested Vietnamese and I initially said no because I really only like to eat Vietnamese on the West Bank or in the east and I didn't want to go that far, then I remembered Eater NOLA sent something out about a soft opening of Ba Chi UPTOWN!! Today was the first day of their soft opening. They're actually opening next week. We were very happy we went.
We shared 2 appetizers and 2 entrees between the three of us and we were very full. We ordered the vietnamese coffee (drip coffee with condensed milk) served over ice and some ice tea and our total was $29 for everything.
Tried the:
Baco (appetizer) - these are like soft steamed dumplings that are folded, almost like a taco. Think pork bun's from Duong Phoung. It's that consistency. They have all different kinds of fillings and most come 2 to a serving for about 3.50 - 4.50. I ordered the soft shell crab w spicy mayo which only came 1 but was really good. I think they let you mix and match but I'm not sure. 
Fresh Shrimp Spring Egg Rolls served with peanut sauce - standard vietnamese fare. Good stuff, tastes like it supposed to.
Seafood Pho - My parents loved the pho broth. They wish they picked a meat one instead, not bc the seafood wasn't great but bc they realized that's what they were craving later. Mom was impressed. Prices ran about 8.50-9.50 for a big ol bowl.
Charbroiled pork rice dish with eggrolls - This was I think 8.50 and then you add the daikon radish salad, kimchee and egg for a $1 plus sticky rice cakes for another $1. It sucks you have to tack on another $2 for something that should come with it, but that being said this food is pretty friggin cheap anyways. Wonder if they should just include it and increase the price? Comes with 2 fried meat egg rolls, filled with tons of meat, great flavor and filling. 
Sticky rice - these are basically fried rice patties, thnk fried grits, but it's fried rice. It's the consistency of risotto but has a slightly sweet almost coconut flavor. Bc it reminds me of this filipino dessert my mom makes (coconut sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves) I would prefer noodles or regular rice topped with an egg next time. Still it's pretty good, especially if you didn't grow up in a filipino household thinking it's dessert.
No doubt I will be back. I want to try the banh mi and I will definitely come back and get another rice plate. 
I would love to see some duck (maybe in the baco) and some different kinds of spare ribs like lemmon pepper and salt they serve at the Tan Dinh. It's soooooo good. Would also love it if they added an avocado tapioca smoothie like the one they have on the west bank. If you haven't tried one also delis.
Give it try, you won't regret and prices are great for Uptown!Hands down best Vietnamese food I've ever eaten in my life. I almost didn't want to write a review because I didn't want to see my fav restaurant get over crowded but that'd be really selfish of me. 
If you've ever had a baco/sticky bun before just forget about it because it won't compare to Ba Chi's bacos. Good god they're incredible. They have an incredibly diverse selection as well. The creamy spicy shrimp and crispy brisket will literally make you rip your pants off. They're that good. I recently got the creamy spicy shrimp Bah Mi and it was equally as good. 
And if the food wasn't enough already, which it is, Ba Chi has an awesome wait staff. Quit reading and go now!Really inconsistent! I went for lunch a few weeks ago and the food was fanastic. I had the pho and the flavors were right on... My husband had a vermicelli bowl with roast pork and it was really fresh and flavorful. But then last night... We went with a friend, and first I can say the service was poor... Not rude, but totally inattentive. We ordered three appetizers and two entrees, and each came out at a different random time, with the third appetizer coming after both entrees. The chicken and herb salad pho was overly salty and the base tasted a lot like liptons chicken soup. The curry mussels were good, but they came with fries that were totally cold. The curry beef stew with roti was very rich (basically the same curry as the mussels, but even heavier), and with very little meat in it (though the roti itself was great)... And my husband's vermicelli bowl this time around just didn't seem quite as fresh. I think I'll stick with Pho Bistreaux on Oak street, which is extremely consistent...Ba Chi Canteen is my favorite among the various new Vietnamese restaurants popping up all over New Orleans. Easily accessible on Maple Street with a parking lot, Ba Chi Canteen has an eclectic menu that's filled with all kinds of dishes beyond the usual Pho or Bun. The fact that it has a connection to Tan Dinh, a great established restaurant on the West Bank, doesn't hurt either.
While their Chicken Pho and Pork Belly Bun dishes are good, Ba Chi really shines in its appetizers and other small dishes. The Lemongrass Wings are spicy, potent, and packed with flavor. The Fish Tacos and Chips are SO good - Fried fish wrapped in a flaky roti topped with some slaw and sauce plus a side of fries. The 
The Baco's are pretty good, though a bit small for my taste. The service can be inconsistent at times.
The outdoor seating is a plus on nice days.Sometimes I have dreams about Bacos. They are probably the greatest food invention of the last several years (move over, cronuts). The service at Ba Chi can be odd sometime, but the food and prices more than make up for it. I typically pick up from them so that might influence my rating , but damn...Bacos win it all.Affordable, quick, and authentic. My girlfriend always wants to go there, and for good reason. BYOB is a nice touch. All said, a very solid spot for decently-priced Vietnamese.Simple place, student hangout, with really good food at a reasonable price.  I had three "baco" mini sandwiches--tofu, fish, and pork belly (aka ba chi).  All very tasty and fresh.  My fellow diners enjoyed their tofu bacon and a rice bowl with shrimp.  The summer roll with avocado was terrific too.  Yum.I maxed out on Ba Chi (pork belly): bi chi bacos (their version of a taco - a fun, dim sum-sized appetizer), ba chi special and ba chi vermicelli. The kimchi fires did not delight me as they did many others. One of the nicer things here is you pick the type of carb you'd like, then pick the actual meal. There's a sour lemonade with club soda that was quite refreshing as well. 
What I didn't like was the service. From the waiter shaking the club soda bottle and not telling me, not bringing napkins after the mess was made, food brought out in strange groupings and entrees arriving much later than planned. If you didn't order iced tea, you weren't offered a refill, water of the option of a different beverage. Even silverware was forgotten until we asked for it. 
I'd like to try it again, because the food was tasty, but it will be much later when management hires actual wait staff rather than kids who need a summer job.Ba Chi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  I have no idea what the other reviews are talking about, in terms of service.  I've never gotten anything but polite, helpful and knowledgeable wait staff. I live about 2.5 blocks from Ba Chi, so I've eaten here a lot. Everything is delicious...my go-to is the creamy spicy tofu po boy. Love this place.Fabulous restaurant! Bacos and tacos are delicious! Everything I've tried is wonderful!Tried this for a lunch date with a friend of mine. It has pretty good tofu pho. It was perfect for lunch time because it was not too crowded. I liked the seating because it's all open with windows. The waiter and waitress were very friendly and helpful. Definitely going to come back and to try other things!The best pho uptown. This side of New Orleans East and the West Bank, this is the place to go. (Besides Lily's Cafe) I prefer it over the often-davored Magasin. NOTE: Pork Fecta is way delicious. You should try it. Really.So many options on the menu PLUS their specials. I came in for some pho for my cold but there were SO many items I wanted to try. I will be back!Very good Vietnamese food and very accommodating. Can't wait to go back and get more of those coconut curry chicken bocas and kimchi fries!Love this place. So good and so inexpensive. Lots of vegetarian options. The tacos were the most amazing things. This is our new restaurant to walk to for sure. Also the staff was incredibly nice and really worked as a team.I'd say 3.5 stars for now, maybe after the initial new restaurant growing pains have passed, I can make it a 4 or higher. The space itself is fantastic - great covered outdoor patio and pretty bright interior. I went for lunch, and I realize this week was the soft opening. However, the service was slow (both in response to our needs for water, silverware, etc. and in the cooking of the entrees, but that may have been because the server put it in too late.) Our server was not knowledgeable at all. He was a nice enough kid, but he had no menu knowledge at all - he'd tried many of the menu items, and when we'd ask if this or that was good, he'd say, "I personally wasn't a fan, but if you like that sort of thing..." That's a poor response. Or if we'd want him to describe something he really didn't know much about how to describe it. He called bahn mi "po-boys"  (and said, "If you want a po-boy I don't know why you'd go to a Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans) and didn't know what I was talking about when I said "bun" or requested "nuoc cham". For the record, I'm not Vietnamese. If you're going to work at a Vietnamese restaurant, educate yourself on the lingo; it's one thing to get the food right, it's another to make sure someone's managing the staff correctly. The food itself was delightful, once it came out. Salt & pepper calamari was great, as were the spring rolls. The bun was good, but the nuoc cham (sauce/dressing) was very watered down. The "bacos" my friends had were delicious and there's a great selection. The crepes were also great. I'd go back for the 7-course beef dinner, that's for sure. I hear it's fantastic. I'll try again - but hopefully the comment cards folks are filling out are along these same lines - staff needs some training.Our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant! Delish from beginning to the end! Shrimp pho and brisket pho hit the spot on a chilly day.I dream about their tofu bacos, especially the pad thai version. I'm not sure how they achieve the cloud-like texture in those puffy little baco "shells", but they are delightful. 
Garden vegetable spring rolls were also very tasty, especially with the accompanying peanut sauce. 
Staff is attentive and very welcoming, and the restaurant definitely has a chill neighborhood feel. Highly recommended!I really like this place, and have been here twice now. I've only gotten the "bacos" - like tacos but with a steamed bun instead of the tortilla. On my last visit, I got 3 bacos - coconut shrimp, curry chicken and BBQ pork. All of them were delicious. The interior is fairly nondescript, although there is a nice little covered patio area as well.Long story short.
- Vegetarian & Pescetarian friendly. I recommend getting the garden fresh spring rolls, the Pho spicy lemongrass tofu ( HAS A KICK!) , or the tofu bacos.
- Vietnamese meat lovers dream. Bachi = flavorful pork belly. I recommend the charbroiled pork fresh spring rolls, the creamy spicy shrimp, honey ponzu chicken/catfish, or coconut curry chicken BACOS!  Comes inside a cute, mini, soft, thick, sweet, delish steamed  flour bun. 3 - 4 bacos are enough to fill you up.
As for the hot stuff, try their pho chicken or combination.
A Jasmine steam rice plate with the spicy lemongrass shrimp. ( i LOVE their spicy lemongrass sauce)
Or the sticky rice coconut flavored fried patty with lemongrass chicken. 
Oh, and make sure to look out for their specials!Love this place! 
There's an overall Asian-fusion flavor profile for most of the dishes that I've tried, that is really dialed in for my personal taste. 
The "Bacos" are a great idea- each one is a fairly unique flavor presentation, so you can keep ordering different ones, and never get tired of the concept.
Special favorites are the Lemongrass Pork Lettuce wrap, the Char grilled Pork Baco, and the Brussels Sprout appetizer... but there are so many!The baco were really perfect! I tried the BaChi one, will never forget it! Would like to try them all but my stomack is not big enough!
The pho was just ok though, the noodles were not cooked enoughI was worried by earlier reviews on the service and resigned to just grab takeout, but when we got to the restaurant around 6 there were lots of tables and friendly waitstaff. Twenty minutes later, the place was packed and we could definitely tell why!
Pork summer rolls are incredible. We ordered three bacos each, and were absolutely stuffed by the end.
My favorite were the coconut shrimp and the creamy crispy catfish. The boyfriend loved the oyster and barbecue pork. 
I will be coming back again...and again...and again. Water had ice. The check came on time and was accurate (though surprisingly cheap!).I've been twice and the food has generally been very good. I enjoyed the beef pho and the coconut chicken "baco" quite a bit; the service was friendly and excellent both times despite what some early yelp commenters have said. Will definitely go back, makes a perfect lunch spot in the neighborhood.AWFUL SERVICE AND AWFUL STAFF. I've been here multiple times and every time the service gets worse and worse. Last time I was here the server was extremely rude and got mad at me for asking for water and napkins. 
Surprisingly I came back again to give it another try, and with no surprise, the service is even worse than before somehow. I walk in and was berated by the woman at the front counter just for asking how much longer the wait for my party would be. I didn't think it was that crazy of a question as there were 5 tables that were open. But she started raising her voice and rudely told me that I couldn't have any of the open tables. When I asked why she looked like she was about to jump over the counter and choke me so I just walked out. 
This place needs to learn how to treat their customers with respect or they will have no customers at all.One of my most favorite places to eat. The servers are incredibly kind and accommodating. The food is A-mazing! The ba chi spring rolls and Bacos ( unique only to this restaurant ) are a must try. Please visit if you like Vietnamese food, you won't regret it.Great service, food is affordable and delicious. Love the Thai tea. Found a screw in our appetizer but it wasn't a huge deal to us (accidents happen, at least we saw it) we still ate the food and offered to pay for it but they were sweet and voided it on the bill anyway.My wife and I have been here 3 times now and have always enjoyed our meal. My wife, the pho phonatic, has ordered pho each time to great satisfaction. I've had the pho as well and enjoyed it. Not the best pho I've ever had, but it's up there. 
I love bacos. I've tried about 5 bacos flavors and at minimum have enjoyed them. 
I'm giving them 4 stars because I just ordered a shrimp dish and it was ok. I wouldn't order it again. Can't give 5 stars for an ok dish. 
Overall, great place to sate that pho craving and the bacos are a fun eats.What I had: The Garlic Pepper Shrimp with Vermicelli; Bulgogi Baco; Coffee w/ condensed milk
The vermicelli dish might not have exactly the same condiments as your favorite place on the westbank.  The baco is probably a travesty because your Vietnamese grandmother would NEVER put Korean anything in hear steamed buns.  It might be a focused menu so it's missing some of the things that you find everywhere else.  So?! It's Ba Chi Canteen and it can do what it wants. 
I ate my lunch outdoors (try to name three Vietnamese restaurants in NO that let you do that). I had friendly, friendly, friendly service. AND, the food was delicious. 
Thank you for finally opening an uptown Vietnamese restaurant worth its weight in vermicelli. 
One thing though: About those fish sauce dispensers.  The little bits of onion and/or garlic kept getting stuck in the tip so I finally gave up and had to pour.  Try cutting more off the tip to allow those bits to pass. ;)The bacos... little taco like appetizers with Chinese bun-like texture were outstanding.  The pork belly and lobster and creamy spicy shrimp were standouts.  Really good fresh spring rolls, but not as good as Lilly's.  The pho was also really great, good flavor.  Best I've had so far on the Eastbank, though not quite up there with westbank standouts Pho Hoa, etc... The servers were nice and attentive.  Fun place, clean.  Exact opposite of  Charcoal's (Yeah, yeah apples and oranges)  I'm definitely going back.  No liquor license (I guess), but I did see diners bringing their own wine bottles, so that's an option.  Don't know if there's a corkage fee.This place is so close to home but probably my least favorite pho place around town.  Not yummy.Absolutely adore this place. One of those key New Orleans spots that I always go back to. While some may think it's inconvenient to BYOB, for some reason (maybe because it's cheaper) I love that concept. The beef curry stew is my go-toBurgers are back! curry or Kimchi will do! Excellent service and friendly dove. Free WiFi.I gave them 5 stars, because the pho is great and at a good price. Not over priced like most places. We ordered pork belly spring roll and share one BBQ pork Baco  for appetizer. The BBQ pork Baco was awesome!  I could have ate 3 more BBQ pork Baco and would have been satisfied.  Then my husband and I shared a combination pho. It was a lot of food. I got the bubble Thai tea...my favorite!  We were so impressed by the BBQ pork Baco we ordered 3 to go!  All of this cost about $30 with tax!  I love this place!  Other reviews say bad this about this place, but this was my second time there and it was even better the second time around!  I would go back in a heart beat!  FYI if you spend over $30 on your bill, they will donate 86 cents to end children hunger...Hey anything helps!My wife and I first walked into this casual but pleasant, affordable but high quality BYO approximately six months ago.  We have been returning at least once a week ever since, and Ba Chi has yet to disappoint!  
I'm a creature of habit. I tend to identify the dishes I love and order them over and over again.  Not so at Ba Chi Canteen.  I've been working my way through the menu, and have yet to find an item that I haven't enjoyed (especially their "off menu" items, which are truly special).
The pho is top notch, as are the vermicelli dishes.  The bacos are divine - you'll want to order a selection.  But the entire off menu menu should be tried.  The brussels sprouts with sausage are amazing, the mussels in curry sauce are so good that they expose Ba Chi's only weakness (no bread), and the pork lettuce wraps are fab.
Service is good, fast, friendly and polite - the staff really seem to care about the restaurant.  What really puts the capper on the experience is the price point - this is one of the great bangs for your buck.Carrying on in the Tan Dinh tradition but with their own spin on things-Bacos. Very much enjoyed their presentation of the Pho Tai.  The broth is added to the bowl at the table. In our two trips we have had Bacos each time and they are incredible.  Today we had a fried oyster Baco that was outstanding. The coffee is wonderful. Can't wait to try the special meal they serve on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.Best vietnamese in the uptown area for sure. Stoked when they moved in.OMG.  My husband and I had lunch here today and I am quite impressed with the food.
I had the pork belly and pate bahn mi and it was delicious.  The pork belly was prepared just the way I like it, in small pieces and cooked so that the fat melts in your mouth and the meat is super tender.  Also, the pate wasn't overwhelming, but just right. It had an Earthy flavor that complemented the sweetness of the pork belly perfectly.  
The decor isn't much to look at but the place is clean and bright.  The service was as good as the food, too.
I will definitely be back sooner rather than later.Sooo goood! The baco's are amazing and they cater to vegans/vegetarians very well--will definitely be coming backHad my first takeout order from here last night and was thoroughly impressed!  Shrimp pho was amazing, my new fave pho in the city, which I was NOT expecting.  The spicy shrimp baco was amazing.  I am about to order pickup again for tonight.  Yep, two nights in a row.Yes yes. Ba Chi did not disappoint.
I was delighted when I arrived here and I was seated on the enclosed patio on a nice (but rainy) evening. It made for a nice atmosphere, even though it was a little humid.
We started with a couple of pork spring rolls. While they weren't the best I have ever had, they were definitely tasty and the pork was cooked to perfection. For my meal I decided on the Pho with rare flank and brisket. It was out of this world. Not only was I served a huge bowl that was packed to the brim with meat and noodles, but the broth had a lot of flavor. It was so yum and the brisket was cooked to perfection and piled high in the Pho. It made for an amazing meal. I have to say that I really liked the prices. Some of these places feel that they need to mark the food up a bit because the restaurant is uptown. Here you get a good uptown meal at an excellent price.
Extra points because my friend requested that he take his leftover Pho to go. The waitress took it to box it up and accidentally dropped it, so she gave him an entire new order (complete with a baggie of bean sprouts!), even after he had told her not to worry about it. That's good business for you. Stop in. Eat. You won't be let down.I have only ever gotten take out, and it is amazing. Watch out, when they say something is spicy, they aren't joking around. Overall, the food is phenomenal. We've had (and recommend) the baco's, spicy lemongrass shrimp, the porkfecta, and the spring rolls. My wife has actually eaten inside and said their service is just as good as the food. They're always super friendly when I walk in.The sticky rice is definitely my pick when you get the choice! Maybe the most flavorful spring roll in the city!My wife and I first had something at Ba Chi a few days before their soft opening when they were giving away sample and we thought it was good enough to give it a try.
Starters (these were very good):
My wife had the grilled pork spring rolls. These were a very good version of the dish. In addition to the usual pickled daikon, lettuce, mint, meat, etc, they include slices of crispy shallot which gives it a nice crunch. Peanut sauce was above average.
I had the bacco which is like a folded over pork bun (you can get various kinds of filling, both veg and non-veg). I went with the BBQ pork version and was not disappointed. The bread is very soft,almost pillowy, slightly sweet compliment to the sandwich contents. They add a little sirhacha and hoisin inside. Very good.
Pho:
We both tried various versions of pho and our criteria on pho is the quality of the broth. This was not a good version. The broth pho ga (chicken) had no balance in taste. It also had a very off-putting sour/tangy flavor. And, no, we had no added any lime juice. We could not balance that taste by adding more sirhacha, or jalapeño, or hoisin. The broth here does not compare to that of places in Metairie (check out Pho-Nola on Transcontinental) or the Westbank (Pho Tau Bay).
Finally, the prices are high especially for being down the road from Tulane/Loyola and probably dependent on student business. Lunch for 2 was $35 (2 apps, 2 pho, no drinks). I would come back to try the vermicelli bowl and bahn mi, but I did notice that there were no bahn mi's less than $9. Curious, as most places in the area have them for around $4 and even Cafe Magazin (walking distance from us), which I find a bit pretentious, has bahn mi for around $5.
Eagerly awaiting another pho place on the corner of Oak & Carrolton.Ah-may-zing.  So good.  Those bacos are addictive!!  Prices are very reasonable.  Haven't had a bad dish yet.  One week I ate there three times - yum :)Delicious.  I've been to this place twice and everything I've eaten was great.  I love the Spicy Lemongrass Wings for an appetizer.  I recommend the Ba chi and sticky rice for an entree.  Add a baco or two if you especially hungry!Ba Chi...I've returned with an apology. Over the past couple of months, I have been to your establishment more times than I can count. At first, reluctantly dragged by my boyfriend. But now, I seem to be the one dragging him. 
Although I still have yet to take the plunge and try your lemongrass chicken wings again, I gave the vermicelli bowl another shot. I swapped out the salt and pepper shrimp for some lemongrass tofu and WOW. I could eat this multiple times a week! It's super spicy, flavorful, and there is absolutely no lack of tofu in this dish! Things also seem to blend together more easily with the extra lemongrass sauce in the mix. If you think tofu is bland, give this a try and I know you'll see the light. As always, the bacos are soft pillowy mouthfuls of heaven. I have yet to try a single one that I don't like. And as for the rest of your menu items, not only have you stepped things up in regards to creativity but execution as well. From kimchi burgers to hummus, I want to try it all. 
Ba Chi, I hope you can forgive me.This is my absolute favorite Vietnamese restaurant. The food is authentic and delicious and the menu is extensive meaning that everyone in your party can find a dish that they'll love. While the service is sometimes slow, it is well worth any wait. Usually if I need something urgently, I'll go up to the counter and the person there is more than happy/able to help with whatever I need. I would HIGHLY recommend any baco on the menu as they're unbelievably tasty and you won't find them many other places. I usually order 2 for lunch and 3 for dinner, preceded by some kimchi fries and brussel sprouts.Tried this place yesterday and the service was fine. The food overall was good. The shrimp and pork dumplings for an appetizer was delicious and the pork "baco" my husband got was delicious, as was his salt and pepper shrimp with the sticky rice cakes. My entree was quite bland though... I got the pork belly with vermicelli. And unfortunately two of the pork pieces I got were 100% fat.Pho-nomenal!! This is amazingly delicious Vietnamese food at a very reasonable price. I really loved the Pho with brisket and the egg rolls. Great food.Good prices good food good drinks
Well rounded package. The music is loud so keep in mind it's not for relaxing times its for lets get some fun memory times. 
Food is Mexican style obviously but it has a large variety they even have tortas!! Which is just a fancy word for sandwich but it is delicious here. The burritos are huge so for those big appetite people you're in for a treat. 
Drinks are strong we got the frozen swirls which sounds fruity and whatever's but it packs a punch. Not usually a tequila fan but I like how the drinks are here. 
Price is decent entrees around 10$ or you can just get a taco for about 2.25$. Drinks are around 10$ as well. Not bad, especially out with friends you can pre game or post game here. 
Nice fun atmosphere to be with friends I highly recommend swinging by on the weekends.I love this place and their parent restaurant on the west bank, Tan Dihn (portions are bigger at Tan Dihn).  Sooooo good.  I love the tofu.   I always get the sticky rice tofu in house curry (get extra curry).  I have never been able to not get it  everyone i go with loves what they order too.  great place.
ba chi also has a really cool atmosphere.  cant speak more highly of this place.  easily the best Vietnamese food on east bank (in Orleans Parish).This is only the 2nd review I've written, even though I eat at local New Orleans restaurants normally 1-2 times per week. I just finished this meal, and it was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. Granted, they just opened this past week, and I expected there to still be some kinks to work out. Sadly, this far surpassed my worst expectations. 
Once the waiter sat us down, he disappeared and did not bring us a menu nor ask for a drink order at least until 10 minutes later. The couple at the table next to us had the same problem, only it lasted 15-20 minutes. Luckily, we had menus and let them borrow so they had an idea of what to order. Finally, the waiter came, and he was quite energetic when he arrived to take our order. Started with the Kim Chi Fries and the pork belly spring roll. The fries were pretty tasty and well fried, just be ready for the glob of mayo sauce on the top. The spring roll was well made, although another's was dry. The pork belly was a bit bland. We ordered 6 different types of Bun, got excited, then couldn't have been more let down. 
Of the 6 we ordered, only 5 arrived, and 2 were certainly not even close to what we ordered. The other 3 were cold. If you ever get a steamed bun that isn't at least warm, don't even bother trying to eat it. Just horrible. I hoped to flag a waiter down, but of course, they were no where to be found. Decided to ask for the check at that point, which ended up being more of hassle, taking about 15 minutes total. Had to ask three different waiters, and one acknowledged that it took so long because a big group had just paid inside ahead of us. That wouldn't have been an issue if he had gotten the check for me when I asked. 
Had high expectations for this place. Hope they can figure it out, because they won't be open long if this keeps up.Bacos are the bomb. Everything I ate was delicious. Highly recommend.I came here for lunch recently with four friends during the first week it was open. My friends and I LOVE Vietnamese food and were super excited to try this close new option.
Overall, it was a "meh" experience. I started with the shrimp spring rolls and found them tasty. They had a nice flavor and came with the standard peanut sauce. However, there was nothing special about them compared to any other Vietnamese restaurant I have been too, and they were a little bit pricey. I then got the pho with brisket and rare flank. They bring the bowl out with the noodles and meat and herbs in it and then pour over broth from a pitcher type thing. This could be great however, the broth was cold. The bowl was also really small for the price. I also didn't like how the noodles were all clumped in the shape of whatever container they were stored in and sort of a solid mass especially because the broth was cold. The broth also was overly sweet and one of the least memorable pho broths I have had. So the food.... is only ok at best.
The service was pretty disastrous as well. Never got water refills, everyone's food came out at different times, dropping things, forgetting chop sticks, etc etc. I know they are new so hopefully this gets ironed out. The music station they were playing was also really awful, loud, and totally not the right mood for eating-- like electro-pop.
Overall, I will not be returning. There are simply too many other awesome Vietnamese places with better prices, more innovative options, and tastier traditional items as well around.Ba Chi how I wish I could love you. I'm just not sure I'll be able to give you another chance. 
On my first visit I tried the rare beef pho and a couple of baco's. The pho was average and not something I would return for considering the crazy amount of great pho in this city. The baco's were the only thing I've ever really enjoyed from ba chi. I believe I had the creamy spicy catfish, and the BBQ pork option. I'll be honest and say the catfish one was so yummy I probably could have eaten four of them. 
After a slightly disappointing first visit, months later I decided to give ba chi another try. Big mistake. I wanted to try something different because I wasn't a huge fan of their pho the previous time. I ordered the spicy lemongrass chicken wings as well as the salt and pepper shrimp vermicelli bowl (also known as bun). 
The chicken wings were inedible. I don't know if I caught them on a bad day or what but after three bites I had to give up. I love all things salty. In fact, I don't really care for sweets very much at all. But these chicken wings were so salty/msg loaded that it they felt like they were burning my mouth, and definitely not in the spicy sense. I'm not sure if they use MSG here, that's just what it tasted like to me. 
Moving on to the shrimp bowl. I enjoyed the shrimp itself, but I only received three pieces on my entire order! The rest was just one solid glob of vermicelli noodles with a scarce amount of toppings.
So I left Ba Chi hungry, carrying two boxes of leftovers, that later ended up in the trash because not even my starving roommates would eat them.Like usual, I find myself hungry and trying out any given place at any given time. For some reason, when I walked in the last thing in my mind was that I was walking into a Vietnamese restaurant. From the sign, I was under the impression that this was some sort of Spanish tapas place. The pig drawing and the word "canteen" in the sign misled me. (Goes to show how much I review a place before trying it out)
Since I came from running I was starving, so I went all out.
I had bacon spring rolls, 2 bachi and beef pho. When it comes to bachi, it was love at first bite. Definitely coming back. Service was good and helpful.Great food, lousy service. Had a reservation for 7:30, was not seated until 7:45 even though our table was in plain sight, ready to go. Then it took roughly another 30 minutes for just water to be put on the table. Food was great, had three amazing bacos. Just make sure you get someone's attention right when you step in or else you'll be lost in the crowd.It's not about the pho. I used to come here for the still delicious pho, but now Ba Chi has expanded my idea of what it means to eat Vietnamese-ish food,
The pork fecta with with it's three different meats is incredible. Ba Chi means bacon. You can only leave wanting more.
Burgers. OH MY GOD. This is the best burger in the city. It's the one I couldn't imagine doing at home. The fries are done to a crisp and taste like potato chips.
It's not about the pho. I love this place.Ok... so I returned to Ba Chi despite my instincts with some friends. The food was much better. The pho no longer has broth poured out of decanters and was hot. I also tried the "backs" and thought they were very good. Still definitely some issues, but, worth stopping in now at this point.Did a take out order. We ordered 5 diff. types of Bacos, it was average, would order again, but not the Ba Chi or bulgogi beef. Also ordered two diff. vermicelli noodle dish, one with char pork and the porkfector (spelling), that was better. Egg rolls was a No... super greasy and chewy. I love rice paper Eggrolls, but this was not up to par.I've tried their bacos here dining in, and have gotten their vermicelli delivered via postmates and both were good but the flavors weren't that special to me. I've had a lot of Vietnamese food in NOLA so I'm kinda picky, but I did love that their chicken vermicelli came with a lot of chicken-almost too much! I actually wish it came with more veggies. Also, the lemongrass sauce that came with is was not very tasty and actually pretty oily, and their fish sauce was a little too spicy for me. Also, on postmates I ordered a jasmine matcha tea, and what I got tasted like a kombucha with milk. Very odd. Overall it was alright, and I'd settle for it again on mondays when almost every Vietnamese restaurant is closed.Bacos. Oh my..
A heavenly option when driving to the West Bank for good Vietnamese isn't in the cards. Get anything you would ever get at any Vietnamese place, but do try the bacos. They'll change your world and render you speechless.
The only reason why I didn't give this review 5 stars is because the prices feel very 'uptown' and not as much 'west bank'.Let me start out by saying that Ba Chi Canteen has really delicious and inventive Vietnamese food. The bacos are amazing and everytime I go I have to order one (or two). Currently I am super into their ramen which is a limited special but has been a special for a long time now (so feel free to go in and try it!) The coconut curry tofu ramen especially is to die for. I order it almost every time I go.
I also want to say that I love that they have a huge vegetarian menu. One whole side of the menu is meat dishes and the whole other side is tofu based. I love that my vegetarian and meat eating friends have tons of options and are't shored in to just one dish. Even the bacos have about 6 vegetarian options. Amazing!
The reason I gave this place 4 stars is because the service is pretty bad. I have been coming here for years and most of the time when I dine in the service is terrible. The waiters are nice enough but often times the dishes are served at way different times resulting in half the party eating and half not. i would write this off as a one off but it has happened on multiple occasions and the waitstaff seems very disinclined to help resolve this issue. one time I went and my father ended up cancelling his dish because his entree had still not come even after everyone had finished their meals. Most of the time I eat here, I order take out. Solves the issue nicely.Ba chi is my go to restaurant for consistently good food and service! Ba chi puts a creative spin on Vietnamese dishes such as different kinds of bacos (steamed buns with a filling of your choice), Kim chi fries (fries with meat, Kim chi, and spicy mayo), as well as the basic pho and vermicelli noodle bowls. Lots of vegetarian options as well as meat options. Their specials are also really good! I had their brussels sprouts special (of course) and they were delicious but a little too expensive for what they gave you (a small order for around $8 or $9). I highly recommend checking Ba Chi out! The only issue that I have is that sometimes they close earlier than their scheduled time (if it says they close at 9 arrive around 8 at the latest).
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 3 starsI'm a big fan. Great value for your money and delicious. I'm addicted to the Spicy lemongrass tofu and jasmine iced tea limeade. My only complaint is the outdoor dining ambiance could be greatly improved.Their pork-fecta dish is fantastic! All three types of pork were cooked well and the staff was very welcoming.My first time here, I went with a coworker who had a gift card. It was so good! I had the shrimp spring rolls and three "bacos", bun tacos, which is their signature. I had the sate brisket bacos and a pad Thai shrimp baco. The spring rolls were very fresh and the peanut sauce was spot on. The brisket bacos had a nice kick to them but very flavorful. The pad Thai shrimp taco was like a mini shrimp
Pad Thai. Flavorful and light. Will definitely go back again. Looking forward to my next visit.This is my favorite casual restaurant in NOLA, and I'm unashamed. Consistently so so yummy. I love that it's BYOB and that they're so accommodating to large groups if you call ahead. My only minor complaint would be that while service is fast through when you get your food, it can take a really long time to get the check-- we usually just go up to the counter to pay when we're ready to go. My favorites here are the char pork and egg roll vermicelli bowl, the brisket pho, the coconut curry chicken baco, sweet chili tofu anything, and, of course, the kimchi fries. You really can't go wrong!Excellent food great ambience genuinely nice staff. Keep it up!We had a craving for Asian food last night and Ba Chi Canteen popped into our heads.  We've driven by so many times while eating at Satsuma and it was time to try it.  It was so. damn. good!  
We ordered for takeout and the food stayed fresh until we got it home.  The chicken and cabbage pho had such great flavor - real chicken broth!  Not to mention it was definitely enough for two - it filled an entire mixing sized bowl.  
We also order bulgogi beef and curried shrimp bacos.  I didn't realize the shells would be steamed buns.  I couldn't get enough of them - wish I would've ordered 10 more!  The carrot topping was so good, seemed like fried shoestring carrots.  I probably could've taken a little more spice, but overall excellent flavors.  Will definitely be back!Hearing that Ba Chi is the sister restaurant to Tan Dinh, I expected something more traditional, but this place is NOT for people looking to eat traditional Vietnamese food; but even with that in mind, I wasn't wowed. 
My boyfriend and I made a reservation at Ba Chi on the first day of the soft opening. Service was slow even though there weren't many others dining that night. (I brushed it off as it being the first night and the servers were still trying to figure things out. They seemed really nervous.) But seriously, water refills were so slow I thought that maybe Ba Chi didn't do them (they do!).
Ordered the bacos (steamed buns with your choice of meat/seafood). We got the creamy spicy chicken and BBQ roast pork and they were pretty good. A little pricey, but good. Also ordered the kimchi mussels and kimchi fries- both were awesome.
So we were off to a good start (food-wise).
......and then the entrees came out.
For lack of a better adjective, the food was 'meh'. Boyfriend ordered the poboy with soft shell crab and it was so bland that I thought I was eating just lightly buttered bread.
I ordered a rice plate with grilled lemongrass chicken, which turned out to be just rice and chicken...with some kimchi on the side.  The chicken was dry and bland, but eating it with the kimchi made it a little better.
Two stars for the awesome appetizer plates, but Ba Chi lacked in almost everything else. My boyfriend and I agreed to come back for just the appetizers, and hopefully by then Ba Chi's service has their stuff together.Most delicious place in the city! Still dreaming about the bacos and Saigon shrimp. Great healthy option! (Eg not as greasy as Chinese and even more delicious.)I'm  confident you'll find  better food and service elsewhere.
The waiters seemed to be clueless to working in a restaurant.  We waited to be seated, with no avail.  Upon seating ourselves,  we were told the table had been reserved, please note the restaurant only had four other customers within the restaurant. 
Upon finally getting a waiter to place an order,  our  food took 47 minutes to come out.  When we asked, " how my much longer on the food?" The waitress replied,"it will come out eventually..."
Adding insult to the injury, the food  was bland, the only worthy food item (noting we ordered a variety of items, with a total of 7 guests) was the kimchi fries. In addition, the Vietnamese coffee was terrible. Did I mention it was terrible? As if it was instant coffee used  in the French press.
Overall experience (speaking on the behalf of the others as well)  was one the worst dining experiences  in New Orleans; bare in mind we're all natives.
Perhaps the restaurant will gain its footing eventually, but I highly doubt it will be in the foreseeable  future.The bacos were absolutely amazing! I had the first four listed on the menu and I was instantly in love! The flavors and contrast between the pork and the toppings were simply a match made in heaven! This places does take credit cards and there are three parking spots out front, but those are usually taken up. I highly recommend going early during the meal times.Can't believe we live right around the corner and had not tried this place! Delicious!!!!!! Our bahn mi was perfect, along with the appetizers and pho! Can't wait to go back! So many things I want to try.The food came quickly, but the service to get the check was ATROCIOUS. given we came with a big group, we expected some difficulties, but we were charged an additional $120 on our bill, then it took an hour for them to fix it and recharge our cards. Needless to say, customer service was NOT a priority and this restaurant does not hold their customers to a high standard.Sad to say the place has gone downhill. Ordered an $11 entree and the shrimp portion was so small I could eat it in one bite. Mostly rice on the plate, except they didn't bring me any sauce at all and when I asked if it came with a sauce, they said, "usually it comes with the fish sauce." Well why did they make me ask for it? As if I just want to eat a bowl of rice with nothing on it? Also the waiter was very very unsure about whether I could replace the pork egg roll with a veggie spring roll -  it was an extended conversation, when all he really had to do was say yes and go find out if there was an up-charge. It was obviously what I (the customer) wanted. The special appetizer was good, tho (edamame humus with roti).fantastic 
satisfied a picky eater and a gluten free at home, and we also order here for many of our meetings/events. 
bacos are great, short ribs are so delicious and spring rolls are really fresh.I am really on the fence on how I should rank this restaurant. 
The atmosphere of this place is great! It is clean, modern, and well lit. They also have the option to enjoy the food on the outside patio which would be a great experience on nice days. The restaurant also has very large windows on the wall towards the street. This lets in a great deal of light, makes the room less cramped, and gives me the option to people watch as I eat. Our waitress was also very helpful and patient with us. I came in with a group of 4 and we all had questions about the menu. We also all placed our orders on separate tickets and spitted the appetizers. She was more than accommodating and attentive. Another mark of a good waitress is that she never allowed our drinks to fall below half full. Within the hour or so that we were there, none of us had to call her for a refill. 
The most important part of a restaurant is the food. Unfortunately, my response to the food here is "meh." We ordered various types of the bacos. I, myself had two. The bacos are about the size of my fist. Most of it comprised of the sweet dough and there was not enough filling to compensate for the sweetness. I think the idea of a baco is great, unfortunately it was just a missed opportunity. I would have liked to see more filling and more flavorful filling inside the bacos. 
We also ordered a plate of Saigon wings to share. For a plate of 6 wings, it was $9. Already, the price wasn't worth it. I will admit though, from everything I sampled that night the wings are the best. 
I also tasted the kimchi fries. I normally enjoy kimchi, but I did not like the taste of the kimchi in the fries. One of my friends who is Korean said that the ratio of vinegar in the kimchi was off. I do not know anything about how to make kimchi, but I just know that the kimchi that I was served did not taste good. As the night progressed, we noticed that we were picking the fries and eating around the kimchi (not a good sign). 
Also, a friend ordered the Korean short ribs. I did not taste it but from the look of it I could tell that it was overcooked. 
All in all, this restaurant confuses me. I want to like it but I just can't.The reviews I'm reading on here are ridiculous. It's as if people were just randomly making profiles just to give it a poor rating. Let us REAL yelpers rate please.
Food was great as expected. Bacos, kimchi fries and rice plate for the win!
Service wasn't as fast as expected (new restaurant go figure). 
Atmosphere was lovely, I even got to meet Lard Bacon (their mascot of some sort).
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!My favorite place for Vietnamese in the city! Always an excellent experience! Great wait staff. My favorite thing here is the bacos. I think I could have a sampling of them for my last meal. So puffy & flavorful! This place puts places like Mint & Namese to shame.I went with 2 of my friends last week during a horrible thunderstorm.  The lights went out!  The staff was very friendly (maybe a bit too friendly... a little too much attention).  I love the mason jar glasses and the tea was very refreshing.  Even with the lights out, the food was still very good.  I've eaten at tandinh on the west bank, and this is not tan dinh - duh!  If they wanted to build another tan dinh, they would have.   I work at a restaurant where I make the steam buns.  Ba chi offers a steam bun  menu (bacos).  I think the ingredients are artful and delicious, but the actual bun is not so great.  the sho stopper is the curry beef!  I loved the kimchi fries as well, but it could have been better with crispier fries.  Overall, this place is definitely on its way to awesome!  keep up the good work!The food was good, but the service needs work.  When we sat down the picnic table was dirty and the gentlemen that was our server just placed the plates and menus down on the visually dirty table.  When we asked him to wipe it, he gave a half assed wipe and missed the majority of the problem areas.  Our food took a little longer than expected, but it wasn't too bad.  The food tasted good.  No complaints there.  I actually wanted to order more because my banh mi wasn't very big and left me a little hungry.  When the waiter returned to the table he asked if he could get us anything else.  I said yes, I would like to order more food.  He said that he needed to check and see if the kitchen could still do it.  Mind you, at this point it was 9:55 pm with a posted closing time of 10:00pm on the door next to us.  He then came and told me the kitchen was closed and I couldn't have the grilled shrimp and rice that I wanted.  So, not even a month in business and already turning away money?  And I know the rice is already made, so all you had to do was grill me some shrimp.  Since I have been cooking professionally for almost 14 years, I know how easy this is!!  I looked inside when I heard him tell the table next to us something about the kitchen celebrating(instead of grilling me some shrimp), and I saw the redheaded waitress stuffing her face with food and sucking her fingers clean.  Unprofessional!  To finish it off, I ordered a tea and limeade.  Since refills are free for tea, I asked for just tea for my second drink, assuming the tea would be a free refill.  They charged me for a tea and a tea and limeade.  I won't be back.  Too bad since I was really excited about living two blocks from a Vietnamese place.Ba chi canteen is truly one of my favorite spots on maple. They have quite a few vegan and vegetarian options--not to mention they are BYOB! This is the perfect restaurant to go with a group of friends and the atmosphere is lovely. I highly recommend the vermicelli bowls. Pro tip--the portions are large so you can split a vermicelli bowl with a friend and still get a full meal! The spring rolls are especially delicious and they have a bunch of different tofu options. If you're looking for a casual but yummy restaurant, ba chi is the place for you!I love the baco's here sweet amazing!  If you've never had one you've got to try them here!  
My favorite is the sweet chili chicken baco but huge selection and very inexpensive yet incredible flavorIt's my first time eat here.  Love the environment.
Nice pho :)  And 10% off with student ID!Oh man, this place is awesome!  I didn't know what to expect or order, so I allowed our server Ashley to make the decision for me.  She brought out what they call a "baco".  They come with many variations, but I went with the fish and holy cow I loved it!  I enjoyed it so much, that I placed an order for a few of them to go.  I travel to New Orleans once and awhile from Los Angeles, and I make sure to schedule my visit to include Ba Chi Canteen!This was my first meal after a long, harrowing flight... pho just sounded like good comfort food. 
They do vegetarian pho here, and it's tasty. Excellent broth, definitely not bland or under salted. Nice portion size, too; had to pack some to go. The tofu had an unusual texture... not unpleasant, just different. The veggies, I'd say were the only downside. I enjoyed the ones they included, but I was hoping for more, especially since I'd requested "more veggies, less noodles." 
My friend had a tofu banh mi which I was envying a bit. It looked delicious and was far cheaper than my soup. Prices aren't the best, but at least they give you plenty of food. I'd go back.I tried 3 of the bacos and they were fantastic, really tasty and fresh ingredients. I tried the pork belly, pad Thai and coconut curry and they were all great. The customer service was attentive and friendly too. I would definitely recommend this to friends as some of the best Vietnamese I've had in New Orleans.Bulgogi beef spring rolls: 2 stars
The roll skin was too thick and the beef wasn't quite flavored like Bulgogi and a smidge overcooked
Bun with egg rolls and ba chi: 4.5 stars
Egg rolls were deliciously battered with tasty filling, and the pork belly was well seasoned. Vegetables were fresh and crunchy, and you can ask for more salad in lieu of noodles. 
Combination banh mi: 3 stars
Pretty average, bread was crisp but the meat filling was lackluster.I only wanted to try this place to see if it was any better than its sister restaurant, Tan Dinh and sadly, It wasn't.
Everyone told me that the service was horrible but when my friend and I went, the service was okay. It was not as bad as everyone said it was but it could have been better since her and I were the only customers in the restaurant.
The food was okay, there was nothing special about it. The only thing I saw on their menu that was different from Tan Dinh was their bacos. The bacos were good, but it was nothing special or outstanding.
We also got the Kim Chi fries, they were okay also. It could have used a little more bulgogi or spicy mayo or something. It was just missing something.
My friend got the pork-fecta and it was okay. There was nothing special about the three meats that came in the dish.The pork belly had a little too much fat for my liking but the thit xa xiu was pretty good.
The prices at this restaurant are way overpriced. It's about $3 for one baco! THAT'S INSANE.
Maybe the food wasn't so good because the restaurant just opened. I'll cut it some slack and maybe try it again in a few months.
Overall, it is just another overpriced Vietnamese restaurant that Uptown-ers will buy in to.I crave baos or they call them bacos. They are so good and their lettuce wraps, yumm! I have been a few times and will go back.Spicy lemongrass shrimp bun - 3 stars
Too spicy and too much sauce, which was too salty.
Pork belly and egg roll bun - 5 stars
The pork belly was fantastic! Egg rolls weren't the traditional ones but they were good nonetheless.
Bulgogi spring rolls - 3.5 stars
The beef wasn't great but it was a unique take on the spring rolls.
I appreciated that they gave us lots of vegetables and less noodles as we'd asked!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Nola. Low key tucked away on maple street, they have great prices and Q in the kitchen makes some bomb bacos.Amazing food, but rude service. We arrived at 8:30pm  (30 minutes until close) and were sent away. The waiter who did was very rude. Businesses that state that they are closed at 9pm, normally turn customers away at 9. If ba chi wants to close right at 9, they should state that their business closes at 8.The combo banh mi- with pork belly, roasted pork, and pate, on perfect poboy bread.  It's a beautiful thing.  I wake up in cold sweats muttering to myself in the middle of the night, "combo banh mi oh my god," and swiftly head there for lunch when they open.
The pho is pretty salty, but still delicious.  The spring rolls- I tried the pork belly, roasted pork, chicken, and veggie.  All were super fresh and delicious.  This place is delicious and incredibly convenient.****UPDATE!!*****
I have to update this review because I have been back several times (dining in and take out) and the service is better. I haven't had bad service or slow service since I have been back. The wait staff is pretty young and seem to be new at serving but I haven't had to wait as long so I'm happier. 4 stars!
I would give this a 3 1/2 if I could. But I can't. 
I was really excited to try this place. All of the tables were taken so we had to wait for a few minutes. I took this as a good sign. We took a look at the menu and placed our order. 10 minutes went by and no starters came out. We ordered spring rolls and two bacos for our starters which do not take long to prepare.15 minutes, 20, 30 minutes went by without any food. We started to get antsy because people that came after us had received at least their starters. I wanted to say something but after 45 minutes I see them bringing out our food out. A different server brought my 2 bacos (starter) and my order of pho. They did not bring the bean sprouts, lime, and basil that goes on top. I had to flag down a another server to bring that along with a spoon. They brought nothing out for my husband. My food looked and smelled delicious but I couldn't eat until he had his food. We waited some more and then I finally had to ask somebody for his food. When they brought it out, the forgot the starter. I mentioned that he had ordered a spring roll and the server seemed confused. We canceled the spring roll and just continued with what we had. 
THANK GOODNESS the food was awesome because the waiting around and extremely poor service was making the dining experience less than par. 
The curry tofu and the creamy spicy tofu bacos were delicious. I could eat them as a meal alone. The spicy lemongrass tofu pho was excellent as well. The broth was flavorful and spicy and it was filled with noodles. There were many large chunks of tofu. I like the consistency of the tofu at Pho Bistreaux better but it was still very good.
My husband enjoyed his spicy lemongrass vermicelli - very good heat and was filling.
When we got the bill, the charged us for the spring roll that we did not receive and decided to cancel. There was confusion among the servers when we told them we shouldn't have been charged for it but got it removed after I talked to 3 different people. Nobody apologized for the mistake. They were rude. 
All in all, I know I will be going back because the food is yummy. However, I will not be dining in again. We will have to place to go orders from now on. 
Pros: Yummy and filling starters
           Lots of vegetarian options
           More than one kind of veggie pho
           Cheap
Cons:Service sucks (maybe we caught them on a bad day)
           Servers are not friendly and will ignore you 
           Food takes forever and your order may be messed upAn amazing experience with a small exception of the service but we had a super waiter to sort it outReally good affordable vegetarian options. The curry tofu bun is AMAZING, cheap, large and fresh. Also the veg bacos are really good!! The service is great and it seems no matter how busy they get they always bring out our food really fast. Love this place!!We had an extremely tasty lunch here. Big thumbs up for the Pork Trifecta plate, w/ Sticky Rice! Also, the Ba Chi Baco (pork belly, cucumber, pickled carrots, and hoisin-based sauce, inside a Chinese- style bao, eaten like a taco) was a delicious snack. If you like Char Siu Bao, you'll LOVE this!
Delicious Pho as well. 
I suspect the previous reviews may have reflected growing pains for this place, or misunderstanding about what they're trying to do, food-wise.We are big fans of Tan Dinh and could not wait for this restaurant to open so we didn't have to cross the river to eat amazing Vietnamese food. I will say off the bat that this is not Tan Dinh. The menu at Ba Chi is much edgier but also more approachable, but the food is amazing. 
The Bacos are so fun, we ordered four as an app. and were delighted by the variety of flavors in each one. Our favorite was the charbroiled pork (always amazing at Tan Dinh so good to know some things are the same) and the curried chicken (and I hate chicken!). 
We ordered Vietnamese coffee just to make sure it was good. It was great. They also offer Boba teas which is awesome. 
My boyfriend got the charbroiled pork noodle salad and the vegetables were fresh and plentiful. I ordered the curried beef stew with Roti which is on the starters menu but I am always picking appetizers for meals. The curried beef stew was literally one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth. It was incredible. The meat was so tender I could not believe it was still in cubes. The roti bread was very authentic and delicious, like the best tortilla you have ever eaten and the portion was perfect for 2-3 people to split or one of me to eat all by myself without sharing. 
I can not wait to come back and try more of this menu. 
Also as a side note, there is an entire vegetarian menu on the back. Vegetarians do not even have to sort through all the rest of the menu just skip right to your own private menu for a wide selection where you can eat everything!
And finally, the staff is super sweet and excited about everything they have to offer so ask them questions if you have them.Maybe they are ironing out the kinks in this place, or maybe we were there on a good night -- but this is one of the best meals at a very reasonable price I've had recently in NOLA. We had the spring rolls (a definite must...even though I'm a cilantro-hater, I managed to pick it out and still love the rest of the roll) and a bunch of the different bacos - of which the "creamy spicy" and the "sweet chili" were favorites, though everything else was truly tasty too. I will definitely be going back soon.With their growing popularity reaching out to those who live across the river, they've finally opened Ba Chi Canteen, however, their menu is a bit more eclectic and draws from Thai, Indian, Chinese, and Vietnamese influences. I'm not usually a fan of "fusion" or blending of cultural flavors but Ba Chi has got it right!
My fiance and I love to order and create our own little tasting menus, but little did we know that the portion sizes were quite large. My favorite was the Roti Quesadillas, which was a special but should be a permanent item on the menu! What makes this different from a typical quesadilla is the buttery and flaky roti in place of the normally grilled tortilla. Buttery. Savory. Crispy! I'm drooling just thinking about it! My next favorite was the Curry Stew with Roti. Clearly, I have a thing for roti! They have a great selection of "bacos", which are banh baos stuffed with your choice of protein. 
Dishes I wasn't too excited about: Garlic Butter Chicken Wings, Lemongrass and Pork Lettuce Wraps
If you're looking for great asian flavors and want to try something new, I'd check out Ba Chi Canteen!Eh, this place was OK.  
The pho was perfectly fine, perhaps slightly better than Magasin but that's not really setting the bar all that high.  The spring rolls were pretty good with nice pieces of pork belly in each one.  I've had much better pho in the city and Jefferson Parish.  One of the disadvantages to this place is the atmosphere; it's rather dreary and not in a cozy way, more like a "we haven't bothered to update anything in 5 years" way.  The broth was perfectly acceptable, but they were very stingy with the meat.  
Come to think of it, I only ended up here because I desperately wanted pho and Pho Bistreaux and Mint were both closed.  If this place was in Laplace it would be fantastic, but there are too many places with great pho in this city to make the trip back here.Their bacos are definitely the best thing to order on the menu. The fact that they are BYOB makes bachi the move after hitting up happy hour. Fun for friends, dates, and families. The prices are cheap and the food is fantastic.I was looking for a place near Campus with my brother. It was getting late and I wanted something different. We arrived right before closing and they still served us. The bacos were amazing and really good for the price. My brother had the Pho which I tried a bit of and it too was really delicious.  I'll keep this short. Friendly staff, Good Food, and great price equal a really good Vietnamese fusion place uptown.I give it a 3 out of 10. Service was great but food wise?! Appetizers sucks! The Kim chi fries was cold and hard. The baco was good but DON'T USE THE "HOUSE SAUCE" it make your food goes from 10 to 0! The creamy shrimp baco good though. The entree rice was DRY AND kinda cold. The meat Was very dry. All 5 of us that came was very disappointed and the Kim chi? DISGUSTING. NOT WORTH THE DRIVE NOR MY MONEY! The only reason why I give ONE STAR is because good waiterI don't get the bad reviews, granted I came mid day when they were not busy.  We had the ba chi spring rolls, which were terrific.  We also had a variety of bacos, which are basically tacos on a thick bun wrap.  Tasty, cheap, fresh and quick. I have no complaints.This place blows me away everytime. So much food for a great price! Arguably, one of the best Asian restaurants in the city. My girlfriend and I accidentally went in a couple minutes before they close for lunch. They sat us, were very attentive and nice. The bachos (essentially a taco with a steamed bun for a shell) are a must get. This place has some banging sauces, which make their dishes. Go here asap!Hole in the wall.  Great service.  Ok for food.   Really I would only come here for the bacos (some places call it bao).  
I enjoyed the pork belly (ba chi) baco and deep fried soft shell crab baco.  The bacos run around $3.50-5.   The crab was $7. Pricey but good.  It had the hoisin, Sriracha and mayo sauce.  
We also tried their kimchi fries and ba chi ramen. The kimchi fries came in a medium deep bowl.   Not a good idea.   It makes the fries on the bottom get soggy faster. The sauce and kimchi on top barely reached the bottom fries.  And there wasn't that much meat on it.  I think I got one piece of meat on top and didn't find anymore.  The whole set up should be laid out on a shallow longer basket or a plate.  In order for the sauce, kimchi, and meat to spread out.   
Ramen was not good.   It was flavorless and the pork belly in it was very tough on the non fat portion.  
A bit dirty inside the cafe.  Very dirty inside the bathroom.  I only washed my hands and nothing else.  
I would stop in for some bacos.  But nothing else here.  The servers here are very nice and tried to fix some things that happened during our meal.I really want to give this place 0 to 1 star due to cleanliness, but the food is really good.  
When I walked up to the est. I have to admit I was scared due to the condition of the building, but I heard such amazing things about this place.  A very famous chef recommends the food here.  So, I continued, it must be delicious.  As I walked in I did a quick scan of the room and calculated the "cleanliness" of the space.  Horrible.  I could see and feel filth everywhere.  As I made myself sit down and commit to eating here and not wanting to make my sister leave with my OCD I noticed more and more grime.  
I was about to dash out the restaurant, but talked myself into staying, hey a famous chef recommends the food here.  I looked at all the other restaurant guests and they were not bothered by the dirty restaurant.  They looked to be enjoying themselves and the food.
So we ordered.  I got the catfish tacos which were delicious and made w/ homemade tortilla, OMG so damn good.  I also ordered a shirmp baco (I can't remember which one) and the oyster baco Oh my damn, so damn good, both of them!
The food was really delicious, but I don't know if I can get over the cleanliness of this place.  If you are young and pig pens don't bother you and you love delicious food then you MUST go here!I am addicted to this place!! Food is soooo good! Introduced to it on a Monday and went back three times that week including taking home to go food. Get this my to go food was even prepared after the restaurant had closed to prep for dinner!!!! Love them! On top of that they also have a food donation program that customers support with every $20 spent!! Love them!Ever since I discovered Ba Chi Canteen last summer I have been in love.  As a vegan I was thrilled to see that there are 6 varieties of tofu bacos! Also the staff is so warm and welcoming.  Monique remembered my mother and I after only waiting on us one time.  She remembers that my mom is allergic to seafood and gluten and makes our dining experience incredible.  It is nearly impossible for my mother and I to eat out together with our dietary constraints but Monique is so gracious and helpful that this is the place we prefer to go, it's so easy for us to eat here!The Kim chi fries and  bacos are Awesome!!!! Service was great as well...I will definitely come back.Great vibes going here! The BBQ pork spring rolls were flavorful and fresh. The baco chicken was fried well and baco was fluffy and sweet. Lots of variety on the menu and a lot of vegetarian options as well. Was a little disappointed with the wings, but overall still very good. Would like to go back!Number of people in our party: 8
This place gets two stars for ambiance and looks. Nice outdoor sitting area. Ba Chi would have received 4 stars if it wasn't for:
- Vietnamese Coffee: The worst Vietnamese coffee in town. Watered down with bad after taste.
- Mediocre food: food took about an hour to come out. And when it came out it some of it was cold. We were told that it was taking long because they were new. 
- Terrible service.  Waitress left. Some guy took over and just kept coming back asking if we needed more water nervously. It got kinda annoying after a while. All this while waiting for the food to come out. It took them 10 minutes to bring eating utensils. 
- The bill has no descriptions for the food items. Every line says DEPT#001 and the price.I have been to Ba Chi numerous times and also have ordered to-go. I love Ba Chi canteen! The chicken katsu udon special that has been on the board for like a year is ballin. I could drink the sauce from a straw, perhaps bathe in it, or spray it on as cologne. Who knows what else. 
The appetizers are great, I'm a big fan of the chicken spring roll. My dad loves the pho (I've never had it there). Sometimes the baco buns don't seem so freshly steamed but the flavors are generally likewise ballin, and there's a million options. It's also BYOB which is pretty sweet, corkage fee is like $5.We stopped by for a late, light dinner. I had two of the Baco appetizers - like tacos in a soft steamed bun. There was a wide selection; I tried coconut curry shrimp and honey ponzu. Both were delicious - flavorful sauces that were just right. and fresh ingredients. I also had kim-chi mussels. Wonderful. The wait staff were friendly, and the space was comfortable. I'll be back.I'm a little hesitant to review Ba Chi because it was already so crowded when I went! That being said, I only have positive things to say. The prices are good, the portions are big, the ingredients are fresh, and the waitstaff were friendly if not crazy efficient. I particularly recommend the vermicelli and the spring rolls.I have been here a couple of times and what keeps me coming back is their amazing Kim Chi Fries! The next unique item on the menu would be their variety of bacos. I wouldn't say they are the best I have ever had, but Ba Chi is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants in New Orleans who offer bacos. Everything else on their menu seems like a typical Vietnamese restaurant; nothing extraordinary. The service was a bit on the slower pace, but they are friendly.My first visit was about a year and a half ago, around the time when it first opened.  Truth be told, I wasn't that impressed (which is probably why it took me so long to come back) with the food and the décor was even worse.   I had always meant to give it another try since it's right by my casa, but the restaurant just never popped into my head whenever I had a hankering for some Asian.  Well, a few weeks ago it was freezing and I was walking around and decided to see what soup options they had.  I saw Ramen and ordered it...immediately regretting my decision.  Ba Chi is primarily Vietnamese (I think) but definitely slightly fusion or Singaporean...so ordering Ramen at a Vietnamese place generally might not be the best idea.  This time it was.  I should also mention that since it was Friday I ordered a seafood Ramen (is that even traditional?).  I assumed I would still get a meat based broth but didn't...it was seafood, and it was delicious.  Easily top a 10 soup for me.  And I'm not just saying so because it was cold outside and there is nothing better than hot soup on a cold day.  
The Ramen broth was full of flavor and on the spicy side, which is exactly the way I like it.  It was also a good portion size and full of seafood.  It was as if the chef jumped into my head and gave me exactly what I was looking for.  My only regret is that I only found out about the soup recently...and summer is quickly approaching!  I also tried a baco and it was likewise delicious.  
The food was so good that I took the wifey there the following week and this time we tried a few bacos and a roti and beef curry appetizer (I think is this a Singaporean dish).  She was impressed with the bacos and very impressed with the roti and curry app.  The food gods have smiled upon us once again as we now have a fantastic Asian fusion (or Vietnamese or Singaporean) place just a few blocks from the casa.  I guess it has been there for a while so it just goes to show you (or me) that you generally should give a place more than one change to impress.  It's just that here, with so many options, one chance may be all you get.  Go check out Ba Chi, you will be glad you did.Great food and great service. Have to try the ramen because it's off the chain. Well definitely come back again.Just so-so, I tried the spring roll, it is just like other vietnamese restaurants, but the pho noodles is not as good as others.Anybody who doesn't give this place 5 stars is dumb. This is the best Asian food in all of the land. Plus it is byob.The food here was not good.  I ordered the chicken wings which was really really greasy.  It felt like it was soaked into the grease.  For entree I had the korean ribs which was like literally burnt.  I was so disappointed.  So I really couldn't eat it.  Other than that the place is a home feel place and parking sucks.Decent price for the quality of the food ranging about $3 for a baco I got the Honey ponzu shrimp, cats tofu, and ba chi pork belly (which was all fat, could have had a better balance of meat and belly). I love bao buns and when I found out this place served Bacos, I was sold, it definitely lived up to the hype, street parking was difficult. The inside was spacious, I got full out of 3 bacos I brought the rest home for my family and they wolfed it down immediately and said it was delicious.EASILY one of our favorite restaurants in NOLA!  Oh goodness the Bacos are just perfect.  
My usual:
1 bbq pork baco
2 crispy spicy brisket bacos
Steamed Potstickers with char pork salad.
I would love to try something else BUT I can't go and not get the above items!!!  So So So good!  
Now I'm hungry!  LOLDID I JUST DISCOVER VIETNAMESE FOOD!!??! Yes, I did!! and ITS AMAZING!!! It's everything I love about food. It's sweet, but not too sweet. It's spicy...oh so perfectly spicy... and it's cheap. I didn't see anything over $9. It really was very very very good...I was pleasantly surprised!The food is delicious & this why you go! The staff is friendly & helpful. It's basic decor & no alcohol served but the quality of the food & service make up for that. High quality Vietnamese food!CHECK YOUR RECEIPTS!!!! My friends and I left Ba Chi wondering why we it seemed as though we were overcharged only to discover on the walk home that our receipt was ripped and taped so that our subtotal was 40$ more than it should have been. Under the taped down part there was a hidden "add on" charge. We confronted our waitress, who tried to explain that gratuity was included in the prices of the orders and that she couldn't reprint a receipt. After finally recalculating the bill in front of us, she apologized profusely and reimbursed us, saying that she accidentally added on another entree, which is impossible because no entree on the menu is worth 40$.I always go to ba chi whether I need a quick meal or a nice dinner and my friends and family never complain, the food is delicious with its familiar, homey, and authentic Vietnamese food with the asian fusion flair that mirrors the city of New Orleans and it's melting pot of culture. I got the calamari and a char pork baco while my grandma got the egg roll and char pork vermicelli and a hot jasmine tea on this recent visit and it came out so fast and tasted amazing as anything else on the menu. 
The service was great and they made sure to check on us a couple of times, they also made a quick stop from their duties to make some light conversation that made the experience much more enjoyable. Ba chi canteen seems like they're always improving and they've attracted loyal customers endlessly that makes me want to keep going again and again!!Food is great. The bacos are delicious - if you love seafood, you have to get the oyster baco.
One thing to note is that if you get here at 8:30 the servers will be unhappy (they close at 9). This is why I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 5 (food is great). We actually had one tonight who was pretty rude and wouldn't give us napkins and then shut the lights off on us at 9pm. He wouldn't speak to us either - just silently walk away and drop off the check, no response to thank you's, kind of hostile when we came in at 8:30. Someone in our group arrived at 8:45 and they only let them order takeout. I could understand if a party arrived at 9pm then it would be an issue and very inconsiderate of us, but this is a small party that arrives at 8:30 and just gets some quick bacos and tea.Don't know what to order? One word: Bacos. You can't go wrong with their bacos! They have a variety of them to tickle ones taste buds. I can't find anywhere else in the city with flavorful bacos like these!The bao buns (called bacos), especially the pork ones, are to die for! The tofu is crispy though not deep fried, and the pho is amazing. It's BYOB making for a fun and relaxed evening with just a $5 corking fee. Often times it is full of Tulane students, so this is not the place for a nicer meal out, but for a relaxed, easy, and delicious meal I would definitely recommend. We've come twice and will definitely be back!I've heard a lot of mixed things about this place, and so I wanted to go see for myself.  I ordered to go just because I didn't have time to dine in.
Nonetheless, I see where all the negative comments came from.  I ordered 4 of their "bacos."  I had the curry chicken, which was just simply curry at the bottom of a banh bao and a piece of battered chicken.  The chicken had absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  Then, I had the thit xa xiu, which was simply dry and flavorless.  I had two of the ba chi bacos and I thought it was ok.  The kimchi fries was the worst.  The fries were thin cut and soggy.  Definitely not worth the money.
Overall, I would not be coming back to Ba Chi Canteen, however, Tan Dinh is still one of my favorite spots to eat on the Westbank.I highly recommend getting the kimchi fries here as it's super delish! It is definitely on the spicier side if you can handle the fire :)
I also ordered the lemongrass tofu here but even with the sauce it was a bit bland and dry for my liking. Felt like they could've added more chili pepper or some hot spice to add more flavor to it. 
The place is also in sort of an open area. I felt that it could be a little bit cleaner and my chair kept rocking a bit back and forth while eating. Other than that, definitely coming back for the kimchi fries appetizer and trying out the sliders next time!Loved this place for simple, healthful Vietnamese fare. Started with super fresh summer rolls w/ tofu. My vegan hubby enjoyed a tofu pho. He left super full and still had leftovers, which is incredibly rare. I ordered a seafood pho, and the protein was super fresh and not overcooked (most common complaint I have with seafood soups). Instead, everything was abundantly fresh. This place uses salt and oil sparingly, but offers you the option to customize. 
Perfect for lighter meals to round out  over gluttonous tendencies.  Plus, its BYOB, so for $22, we had appetizers, two entrees, copious red wine (from home), and water, plus enough food to last for lunch the next day.I had chicken pho. I had to pick out the unappetizing scraps of brown meat and the old brown bean sprouts.  I only came because my regular place is blocked by parades, and I won't be back.Great Bacos, and a top pick for Vietnamese in the city. The pork belly on a steamed bun was delicious. The other food here looks incredibly tasty. The food is beautiful, and the dumplings are fantastic.I would eat here every night and be so content with that. I have never had a bad experience here. The bacos are delicious and the staff is always super friendly and helpful. Food tends to come out pretty quick which makes it a great choice for take out on the way home. The BYOB policy is nice.We love to eat out and heard Ba chi had open this week.. I had eaten plenty of pho and had to say their  pho was delicious! We also had bacos (stuff steam buns) absolutely my favorite! I give them 5 stars for great food and service! My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant ..we will be back!!!I came here because Satsuma Cafe was closed and it's right across the street. The food was absolutely amazing! They have bao tacos, or bacos. I wish I had the chance to try all of them. I ended up getting the beef sate and catfish Bacos, kim chi fries, and the fried oysters with spinach dip appetizer. This is one of the best hybrid cuisine restaurants I've ever visited.Ok, what am I missing here. It was my first time eating here tonight. The exterior looks cute. The inside is just run down and gross. Dry wall cracks, webbing from each table hangs down and the windows are filthy dirty. 
I'm going to place this as one of our worst meals ever. Fried egg rolls so overly fried you couldn't bite into them. We ordered the entrees. The sticky rice was very meh and flavorless, and the grilled shrimp was just dry. Maybe we ordered the wrong things but it was not good food at all, and I will never go here again. 
2 entrees, appetizer and drinks added up to $38. UNREAL for this low of quality food.Great place with awesome food! The Bacos here are amazing! We ordered one of each and they all were amazing! The pho here is really good too, one of my top favorites for a pho restaurant. The staff was nice and friendly. Will definitely be back to try their other dishes!Unusually enough, this restaurant has a few off-street parking spaces to its own despite being in a residential area. There's plenty of places to park around as well, and plenty of reason to come to the area for food. They are vegetarian and vegan-friendly, and their options include tacos made with buns as well as the expected soups, sandwiches, and rolls offered by most Vietnamese places. It's mostly tofu-based, but there are plenty of delicious ways to enjoy your soybean cakes if my visit was any indication, from a pho with black-bean flavored tofu that was quite substantial, to a tasty sweet chili taco (sorry, baco) that I couldn't finish and carried with me as a snack.
It's a very college-y place, and I would definitely eat here a lot if I was at Tulane. The novelty of pseudo-tacos aside, the menu isn't wildly diverse, and I occasionally wait a bit for service, and there are various minor quibbles that make me think it isn't the absolute best Vietnamese in town, but I've been satisfied every time.Seeing how yelp rated this restaurant 3 stars, I wanted to try it for myself. Everyone has different tastes, right? So my boyfriend and I came here today pretty excited to try these "bacos" that everyone keeps posting about so we ordered, what I thought was the signature dish, a ba chi baco. It really was just a baco. One. Singular. Baco. What?! I suppose I shouldn't complain cause it wasn't all that great anyways. The ba chi (Vietnamese for the specific cut of what we know as bacon) was not cooked to the point where the fat renders all the juicy badness it has to offer. The skin was left on and quite inedible - it was neither crispy nor melt in your mouth delicious. They took a lovely piece of pig, and did it absolutely no justice. Also, we ordered the Kim Chi fries, spicy lemongrass wings, and combo pho. The kim chi fries were pretty good. A little too much topping which ended up making the fries too salty and too soggy in the end but the flavors were good. To me, the wings were ok. To my boyfriend, the wings were good. Why only ok for me? It didn't have that soak-through-to-the-bone goodness. The flavor ended once you got pass the skin. Now, as for the pho, I wouldn't consider myself expert enough to distinguish btw two good bowls of pho, but if you add a bad one in the mix then, oh yes, I'll know the difference, and Ba Chi Canteen, you did just that. It was just cloyingly sweet. My bf and I didn't even finish it mainly because the broth was just too sweet and also because the ratio btw noodles and meat was 2:1. The bf didn't care too much since the brisket meat was so dry anyways.
The service was friendly. I can't say too much about our servers but for the table behind us, that was a different story. The conversation went like this:
Customer: what's p-a-t-e? 
Server: it's called pâté
Customer: oh, what's that?
Server: it's liver and um, you know. You never heard of pâté before??
I felt bad for the both of them. Awkward. I can appreciate the service for trying to answer any questions a customer may present but in this situation, that was just a bit rude. Here's a tip!! Never make the customer feel dumb.
So, do I recommend this to anyone? No. I'm sorry. I thought Vietnamese food is suppose to be light. Why do I feel like a fat lard right now? Must be the baco...Good cheap and easy pho without the hassle of driving to the West Bank. 8 bucks for a full belly and no hangover , "I'll take it!"I used to love this place... I had it a few weeks back and it just wasn't the same as I remember it. So I gave them another try just to be sure and it was the same. The pork belly bacos were ok just "ok". I've had better from other restaurants. The pork rolls were soggy. They were a mess. I was mad I spent my money on them. The kimchi fries were even better before. I felt like this time around they skimpt on the meat. Im not willing to try them again. I gave them two chances and it just wasn't up to par. I wouldn't waste my time or my money here.Food is tasty and worthy of more than 2 stars, but the lack of cleanliness in this restaurant is just so bad I have to knock some stars off.... The longer we sat there and the more we looked around, the more evident it became. Dirt, grime, dead bugs, spider webs. I would say I would order the food to go, except then I wonder what the conditions in the kitchen must be like if the public facing areas of the restaurant are as grimy as they are. I can't support coming back here until this changes. I've never found a restaurant noteworthy for how dirty it was until Ba Chi. I read some reviews that mentioned this and ignored them thinking the reviewers were just uptight. They weren't.This place has THE best pho I've ever had, and the bacos aren't bad either. Very quick service, don't judge the food by the atmosphere. Would highly recommend!!Hole in the wall place. Limited parking considering due to it being on maple street. Our server was courteous and kind .  I came with my sister. I love baco or Bao and this place is know for their pork belly, hence Ba Chi ( pork belly).  I love their soft shell crab baco ($7.95). It had a good crunch and some pickled vegetables and a hoisin siracha and spicy mayo.  That's my fav.  We also had the pork belly ramen but it was bland.  I've had better at more hole in the wall places.  The noodles looked like literal ramen noodles from a package.  I would come back for bacos but that's it.The bao buns (called bacos), especially the pork ones, are to die for! The tofu is crispy though not deep fried, and the pho is amazing. It's BYOB making for a fun and relaxed evening with just a $5 corking fee. Often times it is full of Tulane students, so this is not the place for a nicer meal out, but for a relaxed, easy, and delicious meal I would definitely recommend. We've come twice and will definitely be back!What an awesome place nestled on Maple St. I stumbled upon this place last week and vowed to return tonight. The smells outside this place would drawn in anyone walking down the street. The service is friendly, fast and genuine...First time here and the pictures online doesn't do the food any justice. Everything was awesome. The food and the service was amazing. The pot stickers are a must try. Love at first bite.This place is so good ! The pho brisket is so so delicious . The best pho in town! Highly recommend this place . Also the staff is fast and friendly . Definitely a good dine in choice or takeout .We loved the bacosYou gotta try the coconut curry shrimp bacos here, I can't wait to go back for that again. If you are hungry, order at least 3 bacos. Also the sampler is a great combination, you can try that too as a starter if you are a group of 4-6. 
Good outdoor sitting and good for groups. The staff are friendly and serves well.Was going to lunch at another spot on Maple, when we walked passed this place and it smelled so good, we had to try it. 
Got 3 different Bacos. Gator, Oyster, and Coconut Curry Chicken. 
They were out of this world. 
Found a new favorite spot!ALL THE STARS TO THIS SHINING PLACE. I I could give more I would.
I have been going for years and have had amazing service and food every time. The choices are vast an accommodating for vegetarians and vegans and the prices are great! 
They have these Vietnamese tacos in a little bun that are to die for. One is good for a small snack but three is a meal-- an you can get more than one type!!
Also. The Brussel sprouts. I regularly go just for the brussel sproutsDelicious food in an open and welcoming space. No frills, just damn good food for cheap. We got the Bacos (bao bun tacos) and banh mi (Vietnamese po'boys). Both were well seasoned, fast, and delicious. The Brussels sprouts were also surprisingly delicious for someone who usually stays away from them. They split our checks automatically - smart service!Came here while visiting N.O. for an impromptu getaway with the family.  We had to take an Uber from downtown but it was worth the ride.  It seems to be near some university because it was filled with a younger crowd.  We were getting a little tired of the heavy Cajun food so we're glad we stopped by.  They were nice enough to split a bowl of pho into two bowls for my little ones who surprisingly finished their food.  My husband and I shared some spring rolls, stir fried udon and bacos.  Definitely try the bacos (loved the tender pork belly).  It seems like a very popular place because tables filled quickly and we heard a girl at the next table rave about the place and told her friends that "this place was fire" which I assume is a great thing!   We'll be back if we come back to N.O. Again!i waited for another visit and this place is OK. But I probably will only come back if I'm craving one of their bacos. The menu is very diverse and there are lots of vegetarian and meatitarian options But everything is just that OK.
The tofu pho was just  fried tofu cubes and broth and lacked flavor. I should have known when the waiter asked "are you sure?"  The baco are tasty and fun, steamed buns served taco style with a variety of fillings. The tamarind tofu with mango is really tasty. 
Service is high school/college student random.This is a nice, charming little new eatery in the neighborhood.  Their menu is not wildly long, though includes more than enough options to satisfy the picky eater, or the overzealous patron who has the craving to eat there multiple times in a week.  I've been the later since they've opened.  Friendly owners, somewhat inexperienced staff, but given some time to get their rhythm I expect the waitstaff to improve.  The food has been timely to arrive, though perhaps not quick.  The quality of the food is precisely what you would expect if you've eaten at their West Bank eatery.  It's very reasonably portioned and priced.  They're currently BYOB without any corking fees or disappointed looks if you hand them a bottle.  I frankly am almost hoping it stays this way as it yields a very affordable night out.  I'm very pleased to have them in the neighborhood and will continue to eat there as the craving strikes me.This was easily the best Vietnamese that I've had in New Orleans to date! They have a ton of customizable vegetarian and vegan options, which makes me a happy camper, but all the typical meat stuff as well. 
I got one baco which had great fillings (tamarind tofu and fresh mango), though I wasn't super crazy about the squishy bread. I would try one again, at least.
Regardless, the noodle bowl was so on point. I got the lemongrass tofu, which was flavorful, spicy, and came in huge, perfectly cooked chunks. You know how a lot of vietnamese places do the bland brown sauce that's too salty and too greasy? None of that here! There was also lots of fresh romaine lettuce, and a generous amount of pickles and fried shallots. Everything just tasted fresher and more flavorful than what I've had at other restaurants in the area. It would be nice if the nuoc cham (the sauce you pour over it) was a little more unique and flavorful, but with the caliber of the tofu, it wasn't so important.
The service could use a little work with attentiveness, mainly checking to make sure everything is ok (because what if I didn't happen to like all the food?). But I am honestly not picky about service at all, and it didn't dampen my experience in the slightest. The food also came out super fast.
I can't wait to come back!Our first time here was great! Finding parking can definitely be a hassle with the area and there are only 4 spots in front of the actual restaurant. We were seated promptly and asked to sit inside or outside. The space itself is not too spacious, but it wasn't too packed so we were able to get a table inside. We sat and our waitress started us off all with waters. One of my friends came before and raved on and on about how good the food was! I knew it had to be true. We are loyal food lovers. The place is known for it's "Bacos" which are steamed buns, or baos, with various meat, sauces and toppings. We ordered a few apps to get started. The Gyoza nachos were yummy! It was flavorful and had some nice sauces, but the portion was pretty small. I would get it again though! Kimchi fries were pretty dang good. I has quicklys before and wanted to try to see how these compare. The fries were crispy, the sauce was hot but not too spicy, not enough meat in my opinion but really really good. I tried the spicy lemon grass wings and they were just okay. I felt they were too salty for my taste. They packed a lot of flavor and were piping hot and juicy when they came out! Has a little kick to it so it might not be for everyone. My 2 other friends had the fish taco app and said it was good as well. Their fave on the menu next to Bacos. The two tacos are HUGE by the way and come with a side of fries as well. Now for the Bacos, wow. They really were impressive and flavorful. I honestly didn't get one that I did not like. I wanted to try them all! If I remember correctly, I chose the spicy creamy catfish, brisket, and sweet chili shrimp. My favorite was the catfish. It was the perfect combo of spicy and savory, with a little hint of sour and sweet from the pickled vegetables. The flavors of each one melded so perfectly together. All the toppings and sauces were practically made for those Bacos! I was in food heaven after eating them and I would definitely want to try every single one. It's worth the price and the try. Our waitress was patient with us. She was so nice and accommodating, gave some really great recommendations and made sure we were taken care of. I will definitely be back soon!Always satisfying and hits the spot. I noticed a few new creations on their menu and thought I would give it a try. The waiter and waitress were able to answer our questions and made sure everything was okay. The food came around and it did not disappoint. Their bimbimbap burritos were filling and big. I expected it to be a small portion but I was definitely wrong. Come hungry if you plan to try it, I didn't make it half way through it. Keep up the good work.I have been three times. 
The first time I went, I got the egg rolls with the bacos. The bacos were simple with a soft steamed bun. Everything tastes good and I left wanting to come back. 
The second experience was the worst restaurant experience I have had. I had been in the mood for a vermicelli bowl, so I got the ba chi bowl thinking "The restaurant is called ba chi. This must be one that's impossible to fuck up."
Well, leave it to Ba Chi... It was shit. I got a bowl with a clump of noodles that would not separate. I couldn't pick it up without picking up all of the noodles in my bowl with my chop sticks. The Ba Chi protein (pork belly) was all fat. I know this is the fatty part of the pig and I can eat cracklin (fried pig fat) for days. This grossed me out. It was so slimy, I lost my appetite. I was willing to order just one baco before we left, but the waiter took so long to come back, that my friend was already done with her meal. 
The service is never good here. Ever. 
I did come back one night just for bacos because my friend loves them but I did not want to be there at all. I hope I never go back.A lot of unique options! Nice service. The bacos are delicious and one of a kind! The pork perfecta was perfectaIt was my last Tuesday I would have with the bestie. Our semester is coming to an end and so we chose Ba Chi Canteen for our last school break lunch date. The location is located on a pretty busy Maple Street. Road wise I didn't care for too much. With it being down an old neighborhood road and all. 
The weather was not on our side today either. The dark skies was a forecast of what was to come. We drove around a few times until we were able to find a parking spot down the street from the restaurant. Be careful when you drive around the neighborhood for it is quite tight and a lot of one ways. Also be warned that some people drive like maniacs down these small streets. Like they haven't a care in the world whose car they swipe or what people they may run over. 
We managed to get inside before the rain hit ground. The place is quite small and quaint. I think I just about freaked out at the cute little pig statue with a pink dog collar around it's neck. My bestie knows how much I adore pigs and was quick to point it out to me. We were seated right away and was asked for our drink orders. Being our first time we asked our waiter what he recommended for starters. He was quick to say the kim chi fries (because they were the only place to have them), the spicy lemongrass chicken wings, and the bacos. 
For those of you who are unsure of what bacos are, don't be alarmed because I was just as clueless as you are. If those of you have been to pho orchid, it's just like their orchid tacos. Each baco has it's own sauce and ingredients with it. I wanted to try the soft shell crab baco but it's a seasonal thing. So we opted for the coconut curry shrimp and spicy creamy catfish bacos. Also with an order of the kim chi fries and spicy lemongrass wings. We didn't try the pho because I had to keep in mind I had a final that evening and did not want to fall asleep for whatever study time I had left. So with that in mind we ordered a combination poboy to split.
I have to say we thoroughly enjoyed the kim chi fries. I was a bit skeptical at first because it looked like regular sliced fries with sauce on top. I was wondering where the kim chi itself was. It might be a kim chi sauce or that red shredded pieces buried in the middle. I did get a kick in the back of my throat eating the fries. The chicken wings did have much of a kick to it. I'm not a person who eats spicy but it was tolerable for me to eat. 
The bacos were interesting altogether. I'm not someone whose big on curry, but the coconut curry shrimp was quite unique. It wasn't overpowering with curry flavor and the basil aioli kind of help even out the curry. The shrimp was flavorless I might say however and so was the catfish. The catfish baco was quite mushy and as my bestie put it, she didn't even have to chew her food. I couldn't find what the sweet potato was at on the shrimp baco, but none the less both of these were interesting to try out.
The combination poboy on the other hand was a different story. I love my greens and I definitely love my cilantro but there was a good bit of cilantro thrown on top of the sandwich. It wasn't even cut up for the matter, but it was easy to just pick off and discard to the side. I forgot about the pâté that was spread onto the sandwich. I'm picky about pâté because some places pâté freaks me out big time. It's the taste and smell that grosses me out and that was the kind of pâté that was in this poboy. Before I even took a bite I noticed a bunch of fat sitting in my sandwich. My bestie pointed out that must be the ba chi and I ended up picking that out too. There was more fat on the ba chi than meat. 
Overall, I'd say it was a pretty decent meal I've had in the past few weeks on our Tuesday excursions. I left content and not overly stuffed, so I was a happy happy girl for my final.Pretty good, but nothing amazing. I had a shrimp and a chicken baco and they were both great! The chicken spring rolls were average. It's conveniently located, so I'll be back.Every "baco" I have tried have all been very good but don't expect to fill up on them.  They're inexpensive which justifies their relatively small size.  The pho is good, but not quite as good as some of the other local Vietnamese restaurants.  So if your Vietnamese hankering is specifically for pho, you won't be disappointed, but you could be getting better quality near by.
For me, it is close, fills takeout orders quickly, and has parking so I frequent it often and don't plan on stopping.