The cutest coffee shop, spacious and clean. My toasted butter croissant was perfection. Latte was perfect. Can't wait to come back.At first I was going to leave a 3 star review, the coffee was fantastic but the sandwich I ordered (the raspberry grill cheese) was awful, way too many preserves and not enough cheese, the bread was stale and I couldn't finish my sandwich despite being super hungry. I did not want to be the first person to leave a bad review so I decided to bring it up to the employees and they offered me a refund and a replacement sandwich! I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was so good! I'm so blown away by how nice the employees are and the rest of the food and coffee is so good as well. I would recommend this place to anyone! Left me with really good vibes.I absolutely adore this place! Our Lyft driver told us about this place and it was not a disappointment.
From the service to the drinks to the food! 
You have to stop by and experience the ambiance and the food!  The simple little touches the add to the plates make this worth the stopExcellent Quiche. They sold out of crawfish so we got the spinach. Cappuccino was excellent as well with a large being actually large. Nice hosts and nice place to sit out if the crowd.Yes, I walked 15 minutes to get their coffee! Especially if it's a awesome Vietnamese coffee!! Inside decor is nice and the atmosphere is great, will come again during my stay in New Orleans. Perfect amount of condense milk too. Price was is great, was not expensive at all.Beautiful new black owned coffee "parlour" (love the name) with huge gorgeous windows making the space bright and airy, comfortable couches and lots of tables and chairs, nice art on the walls. i had a "golden latte" - latte infused with turmeric potion including cinnamon and spices - delicious if a bit pricey.  My chicken salad croissant was delicious - which is what takes this spot over the top into 5-Star territory - coffee shops with good food are few and far between in this city (oddly). Add to that a great central location and ding ding ding, we got ourselves a winner. My new favorite coffee shop meeting spot!This place. It's clean and modern yet warm and inviting. The staff is friendly and chill. The bathroom is both clean and cooly decorated (again, like the rest of the place). I ordered the Vietnamese Coffee and it was great and not too sweet. The raspberry grilled cheese was SO good. The ratio of bread, cheese, and preserve was perfect. The bread they used had rosemary in it and it was so tasty that I unconsciously said "this is amazing" out loud and interrupted my friend while she talked. We ended up staying for several hours because of a storm and the experience was wholly good - seriously, not a single complaint! I cannot recommend this place highly enough.Great coffee! The space is beautifully decorated and very clean. The Baristas​ are very friendly. You need to stop by, now!Came in on a rainy Sunday afternoon. Such a great space with a lot of seating options (and free WiFi). It wasn't busy at all when I came in so it only took about 2 minutes for my Chai to be served and maybe another 3-5 minutes for me to get my turkey panini, which I loved! I'll be back to chill, read, or work here in the future. I also want to try that sweet potato pie! Seems like a favorite of customers.I loved everything about this place. My cappuccino was made well, the service was great, and the atmosphere is perfect for writing. I have found my new spot! I can't wait to go back.A little off the path but great coffee and service. Shop is clearly new and looks like the photos found on yelp!Great service, wonderful iced tea with honey and raspberry grilled cheese! I love local spots like this. And, the price was awesome, too. Only set me back $9 for a drink and sandwich.What a cool place! Great atmosphere, friendly and helpful staff, and good food/drinks. I look forward to  coming more often.Great place. Nicely decorated hipster style. Good food and a nice atposphere.
I took a shirpms an corn showder (very good) an a turkey sanwich
I'll defently come againCute, cozy yet spacious. Hade the ALT (avocado, lettuce, tomato) but on a panini with a side of small coconut cappuccino. It was melted and grilled perfectly. I love how it's conveniently located right next to cemetery number 1. Oh and the stuff of course have the southern hospitalityI am always looking for a cute local coffee shop whenever I travel and, based on great reviews, I decided to try this one out. It didn't disappoint. A short walk from all the main attractions, the coffee is delicious. It was very quiet and peaceful on a Monday morning. I definitely recommend to check it out.Truly a great addition to the area! It's a quick 9 minute walk from the downtown Tulane campus and the closest coffee option besides mr bubbles. 
Backatown is pretty brand spankin new and the first time I came in the service was e x t r e m e l y slow. I ordered an americano and it took about 20 mins! The coffee was great so I returned again today, a few weeks later. This time my drink was ready within 1 minute! There's an excellent selection of foods and pastries, the space is HUGE!, free WiFi and the decor is lovely.Backatown is a perfect blend of sophistication and relaxation. I frequent this place all of the time and it is a great place for local residents and tourist alike. The coffee is great and the coffee parlour offers fresh bake goods as well as salads, soups, and sandwiches. The staff is awesome and this place is one of the best coffee shops in New Orleans.My absolute favorite coffee shop. Not only is it aesthetically pleasing, it's calm ambiance allows me to do work while relaxing. Bella is also amazing! She is extremely helpful and every time I've come she's had a positive attitude. The only place I suggest for coffee. (And the WiFi is amazing!)This place is heavenly! Had been meaning to try it out and so glad I did. Our drinks and food were amazing!! The place is beautiful on the inside and out. Friendly folks, and the WiFi works. Top notch! Will definitely stop here when I'm in the area.I've been wanting to check this coffee shop out for awhile and my only regret is I didn't go sooner! It was wonderful, I loved it. They are one of the only coffee places I've been to in the city that has Vietnamese Iced Coffees on the menu. I got the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious. My girlfriend got the raspberry grilled cheese and I'm definitely going for that next time. Do yourself a favor and go for breakfast or lunch! Whether you're a local or tourist you'll love the cozy feeling it brings. It's a great spot for a quick bite or to sit and get work done. Also, it's so close to the quarter, which is great for all y'all outta towners!We were staying at the Homewood suites across the street and on our last day found this nice coffee shop. The coffee was excellent and the sandwiches, chicken salad, were great. However, the soup was fabulous. I could have had a large bowl alone! The only issue was it is a bit hard to see since the door faces away from the street.This is a GREAT place to work. Friendly staff, open airy building. However, the drinks and food were let downs. My cappuccino was more like a latte and had zero foam (let alone latte art). Then I ordered the peanut butter and banana sandwich and that was also a let down. It wasn't horrible, it just wasn't anything special. They also use Jiffy peanut butter. Would be better if they used an all natural, organic, no added sugar brand--something with a little more finesse to match the great ambiance and overall aesthetic of the place. Overall, I plan on coming back because it's not like my drink or the food was horrible. Plus, it is a stellar place for working! It also helps that the staff is super friendly and welcoming.Loved it, priced right and delicious. Comfy and hip decor. Met the owner, great guy great food. Get the raspberry grilled cheeseExcellent food. Great service. Clean restrooms. Stopped in after a tour of St. Louis No. 1 Cemetery. Get the crawfish quiche if they have it. Best quiche I've had in a really long time. The banana bread coffee cake was really good too.Super friendly staff and a great option for an iced latte! Staying at the homewood suites and was looking for some non-hotel coffee.Great coffee shop. Nice and cool when you walk in. Sorry I missed the quiche, it sold out by the time we arrived.I came here yesterday for coffee and I met a friend. Not only is this place reasonably priced, but their crawfish quiche is to die for! Everyone is friendly, the place is beautiful...just skip Starbucks and check out this amazing place. You'll thank me later. NO! Seriously! I said SKIP STARBUCKS and go to BACKATOWN!!More than just a coffee shop! This place has such rich history and meaning. The owner is knowledgeable about the region and created a coffee shop with another meaning that plays off of the rich history in this district. The food was amazing. I suggest trying the ALT (Avocado, lettuce, tomato) with turkey. It was beyond delicious that we had to get another one for the road. The miel latte is good for anyone who is a honey lover as it is rich in flavor. The scenery is amazing featuring artistic paints capturing the spirit of NOLA.Such a nice coffee shop! Lots of space and natural light! The prices are reasonable and the service is excellent. There's a cool selection of coffee and tea, as well as a few food items if you need something to munch on. This is easily my new favorite coffee shop in the city!Came into Backatown for the first time today, and I am so glad I did. Their food is so reasonably priced and delicious, and the coffee is amazing as well. The sound system was low enough to focus on work and a great playlist. It is set up for many different uses; there are bigger tables for meetings or spreading out (or perhaps, bringing and playing a board game??), café style tables for individual or pair needs, and a couple of beautiful couches in the center for lounging. I am definitely going to make this place a constant and invite friends along as well. I can't wait to come back!I don't know what happened with this place. The design of the coffee shop, drinks, and food matched the people's 5 star reviews. But definitely not the service. My hubby and I ordered miel latte, Vietnamese coffee, and crawfish quiche before several other customers. We tipped well after we ordered the drinks and food. We literally waited for 40 minutes for our orders. My hubby had to ask them and clearly they totally forgot about our order. What in the world?!? I mean the group of 6 girls after us who ordered a bunch of things got their orders. They did seem short of staff at first but the place was not busy at the time. It's so unorganized. The barista then came up to our table and asked what our orders were. Excuse me?! There were no apologies at all. Another girl must have heard our complaints since she came to our table and asked if we had been waiting all this time as well. Then our quiche finally made its entrance. The crust was just a little warm and it's COLD inside. It's a disappointing visit. Definitely not a five star, at least not the service.This place is so amazing. There is a spot everywhere for you to sit. The wifi is awesome. The snacks and food are good. The atmosphere is unbeatable.A great place for lunch and coffee.  Hung out here before and after the cemetery tour just down the street. Very relaxed, good service, lots of people hanging out and working on computers.  Only issue is menu and selection could be more extensive. But what they had was very good and reasonably priced.My new favorite work space! Clean, cozy, great WiFi, quiet, and the food (i had a salad and pastry) is yummy! Plus the owner is there and makes sure that your experience is top notch!Ashonda & Lex were incredibly friendly & made some delicious drinks - even remembering their customers & their orders! Cute little place on Canal. Give it a try!The coffee was good. The pastries were just okay. The cost was a bit expensive. Hard place to find. Not a lot of parking.A cozy coffee spot , atmosphere is great to study , relax and sip on a latte , the chicken salad sandwich is deliciousVisited Backatown on a Saturday morning. For you locals, this place is super easy to bike to by hopping on the greenway. It'll take you straight there!
Service was excellent, there's tons of seating (including an outdoor patio). We got the turkey cheddar panini which was delicious - bread was perfect. Husband got the iced coffee and I got a Vietnamese iced coffee, both were great. The atmosphere alone is worth the visit. Very highly recommended!Super cute coffee shop that has great drinks and a relaxed vibe if you want to relax for a bit from the excitement on French Quarter!Nice place. Plenty of space. Clean bathrooms. Good coffee. Lots of outlets for computers. My only complaint/suggestion would be that they could be a bit more serious about food. I'd spend more money if I could eat here. Went three times, and every time, there was an issue with the avocado sandwiches. No bread, no avos, not ripe. Minor thing, but now I go somewhere else for breakfast, even though I'd rather give these folks my money.This is such a trendy, chill place to grab a cup of coffee and work. I'm throughly impressed with the vibe and will definitely be back. Make sure to give yourself a few extra minutes for parking, which can be a bit of a challenge. Love this place and I will definitely be back.My daughter and I stopped here for coffee and breakfast before heading out of town.  We loved it.  Though we stayed in the French Quarter we able to walk here easily.  
The place seems to be new and is bright and clean.  It has a very eclectic feel.  Slightly industrial, slightly funky with some cozy spots and some nice straight tables and chairs for setting up your laptop and getting some work done.  
We arrived on the early side on a Saturday morning so it was pretty empty.  The employees that were working could not have been nicer.  They were chatty in just the right way and though I don't remember what was said, I do remember that we all ended up laughing.
We had coffee and pastries, both were excellent.  If I lived here, this would be my place!I was in town for the weekend and randomly stumbled into Backatown while I was wandering around the city.  Talk about good luck!  This place was awesome.  I was feeling a little sluggish and in dire need of a pick-me-up after a night of... how should I phrase it.... over-indulgence on Bourbon Street ;)  Backatown had tons of caffeinated goods to jolt me back into feeling like a human again. I ended up getting a Vietnamese iced coffee which was strong, creamy, and perfectly sweet.  My hubby got a black iced coffee and said it was perfectly balanced and naturally sweet without having to add sugar.
The decor was also top notch -- natural light, lively (but not blaring) music, and loads of comfy seating.  If this were in my hometown of Washington, DC, I'd totally come here every day to sip on delicious coffee and do work.This place was wonderful to walk into. My family and I wanted to sit and chill before our flight and we found this gem. The Vietnamese iced coffee was delicious. We sat on the sofa and played the game called chit chat that they had on the table. It was a nice time and great place!Amazing coffee and chill atmosphere. The staff was friendly and it's located right by my condo. We needed a cute coffee place like this close by. Glad to welcome them as our neighbors.Can't say enough great things about Backatown! Great food selections....healthy, fresh. Good coffee! Also great service with a ready smile. Love the decor and vibe. Wish we found this on our first day here instead of our second to last!Stumbled across this Gem while waiting on my hotel room to get ready..if you are looking for a nice relaxing hip coffee shop this is your place. The ambiance and service were both amazing I even had a chance to meet one of the owners. I had the tomato, egg, avocado on an English muffin, the sweet potato pie and a great cup of coffee. I plan on coming back before heading home to N.CBackatown is easily my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. The baked goods are satisfactory (sweet potato pie is my favorite) and the sandwiches are delicious. The place is very clean and pretty spacious. It isn't over decorated inside which is beneficial if you're working on something-- you won't get distracted easily. The customer service is also fantastic. Stephanie waited on me the last time and she is so so kind and hard working. Beautiful Barista! Great coffee, great vibes. Comfy seating. When I'm back in New Orleans, I'll be back to Backatown.Beautiful cafe right next to the St. Louis Cemetery that's perfect to stop in before or after a tour. They have tons of seating options and free WiFi along with a selection of books you can look through. They had a wide variety of drink options along with breakfast and lunch items. All of the staff were extremely friendly and we'll definitely make sure to stop back here on our next trip to New Orleans!Stopped in today, what a peaceful and lovely experience. I dito the previous complementary posts. The Miel latte, sweet potato pie, shrimp quiche and tomato basil soup are superb.
La'shonda was extreemly patient and supportive with my order. Trey then took care of me. I'd make this a regular spot if I lived hete.This is a hidden gem in NOLA. Will be one of the best places to be in the very near future. I personally plan on coming back here for some good coffee and hangout, and hopefully to showcase some of my works of art as well (yes they have events too). On top of all that, the owners are really awesome people.Favorite coffee shop!! Great ambiance, decor and staff. I loveee the iced coffee. Parking is difficult but it's worth it.Ok, I really want to love this cafe, but it needs to make some minor tweaks. It has great bones and great potential. I am a firm and proud supporter of disadvantaged businesses. So I will continue supporting this business while it grows. End of disclaimer.
What's to like?
I love the interior. It's so spacious and you're not on top of anyone. It was fairly quiet for a time. Everything is laid out nicely and intuitively. The black and gold chairs and tables are cute and add a nice touch; not gaudy at all. The three members of the staff today were kind enough, but they could have been warmer. The young lady who took my order was very sweet and professional. In addition to the interior space, they have an ample sized outdoor patio, nicely appointed. I really miss GG's Cafe that was in New Orleans east on Morrison. GG's was truly ahead of their time. And they would have made hand over fist had it not been for Katrina and had they located the business to another part of the city like Uptown. However, they wanted to offer something great to a severely underserved community and chose the East. I said all that to say, Backatown reminds me of GG's. Except they chose Treme. 
What's not to like?
Yes, no one is perfect and new businesses often times have many "opportunities" for improvement. The first is parking. There's no where to park!! I had to park at the opposite end of the block, illegally no less. Bless you if you can find a legit parking spot. I don't know who the parkers were because the place only had a handful of people. Maybe they should lobby the city for a few dedicated parking spaces. 
Two, it's right next to an abandoned/apartment complex under construction. This too is somewhat out of their control. The old Lafitte housing complex is slowly being transformed and, other than gutting the building, the developer has not made much progress with this particular building. It looks abandoned and is an eyesore next to this cool cafe. 
Things they can change?
I'm a pretty good sweet potato pie baker and sweet potato pie is one of my favorite desserts. So I tried the sweet potato pie, which looked so delectable. Well, it looked better than it tasted. It needed more butter, cinnamon, nutmeg and sugar. It was definitely creamy and had a good texture and I liked the fluted crust (the shape of it anyway). The crust was too light and needed more body and at $4.25, it was $1.00 too much in my mind. 
I also had the turkey, egg and cheese croissant. Overall, it was fine. The sunny side egg was the highlight though. The cheese was nice and salty, but the turkey had no flavor. It could've benefited from more turkey...ahem, more turkey that tasted good. I appreciated the croissant was toasted. At $5.75, I thought it was overpriced by a $1.00, especially given the portion size. Considering the type of business, however, I'm willing to overlook it. When it comes to Starbucks, it seems people pay whatever without batting an eye. Yeah, they drink the Kool Aid, or the coffee I guess. 
Lastly, I had the hibiscus tea, which was really pretty. It could've used more sugar. That's something I miss about GG's. You didn't need to add sugar to the tea. She knew exactly what her customers wanted. Considering the area, I guess Backatown has to appeal to a broader audience. 
In closing, I love their logo and the black and gold color scheme. It looks very professional, classy and upscale.Cool place. Had the Vietnamese coffee and it was quite tasty. I don't know how anyone could get work done here because the place is quite loud even with just a few people here.Backatown is an incredible business. Their raspberry grilled cheese is a God-sent and their customer service is friendly and helpful. Their containers are eco-friendly. They support other small businesses such as R O W Earth, which is an incredible skincare company. The interior and outdoors seating area are beautifully curated and the entire vibe of the place was conducive to work and also friendly chatting. All around a beautiful coffee shop.5/5 for environment - very modern and spacious. It'd be a great place to get work done or relax inside.
2/5 for the cold brew latte and 3/5 for the two shots- I didn't realize initially that they have two types of lattes: a cold brew one or two shots of espresso. The cold brew latte tastes like water. The two shots were okay.
Tip: the employee told me if you prefer the two shot version, just request it! 
5/5 for service: they had given me a cold brew latte and when I asked an employee if it had any espresso in it, they immediately told me they would add two shots. Very nice people and great service!Stopped in this morning for a little "mind mapping" and R&R and I am more than impressed! 
I've heard great things about this place through friends and social media and now that I have finally visited on my own, I can agree with all the recommendations.
Atmosphere: Nice volume level of smooth r&b and jazz, unique furniture including some cool antique looking sofas to relax on
Customer service: Was by far IMPECCABLE to say it was so early in the morning! The barista was very friendly and answered my questions about the menu. Added bonus: If you dine in, they bring your order straight to the table. 
Food & Coffee: I tried the Turkey Croissant with a Cappuccino. Croissant is made to order and served warm and was DELICIOUS! My Cappuccino was strong and definitely made with love. Excellent presentation. 
I think I've found a NEW FAVORITE!!!All the vegan options were so delicious. The prices are great and the atmosphere is relaxing. The black coffee is low in acid and does not upset my stomach. Love this placeBeautiful coffee shop in one of the most historic locations in the city, Storyville. The event I attended was catered by the shop and they had some delicious jambalaya and cocktails. Great little shop for the new development in that area.We came here because we found a great Groupon deal so I would definitely recommend that if you're planning a visit. 
The space is incredible. They have tables, couches, book books and even a few games so you could just hang out or get some work done. They even have some outside tables. 
Their menu was pretty simple, a few things here and there. The cappuccino was delicious. We also tried the Miel Latte which I was not really impressed with. We ordered the peanut butter banana honey sandwich, which was good but definitely a bit sweet. We also got the chicken salad sandwich which I would definitely recommend! 
Service was not bad but I think they could be a bit friendlier. There was no one else was waiting yet we felt like we were a little rushed in trying to figure out what we wanted and questions were not really answered as if we were just suppose to know. 
Overall, it's a new business so definitely worth supporting and seeing how it goes!The staff was rude, took about 30 minutes for them to bring a simple order of tea, and when the tea finally came it was the wrong order. They ended up making our group late for an event. The place didn't have many people in it, nowhere near enough to justify the order being so late. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyoneI came here on a Saturday afternoon with a friend. We had a hard time finding parking, but the place is very nice otherwise.
Our drinks were made well. We wanted to split a Sweet Potato Pie, but they were out. We split a Sweet Potato Scone instead. It was fine.
There were plenty of tables and chairs to sit. Everything was bright and cheerful. There is a small patio outside, too. 
Nice addition to the area.Excellent coffee, service and environment. Nice place for a meetup or relax on your own.It's a cute little coffee shop. There isn't a whole lot of options, but if you want to just stop by and enjoy a cup of coffee or tea and chill with a book or your laptop it's good for that. Free Wi-Fi.Really nice and open space situated right outside the French Quarter. Patio and a bicycle rack compliment the location nicely. But this review is really only being created because of the two baristas who went above and beyond to ensure my iced mocha tasted like an iced mocha without any sighs or rolled eyes. This is what excellent customer service looks like y'all. I'll be back here for sure.Really good coffee. We didn't sample any of the food offerings, but they all looked delicious. Spacious room to spread out, relax, and catch up on journaling. Plenty of seating, and a shady deck area outside too. Nice little place to chill away from the French Quarter.This was our meetup spot for a tour of the cemetery.  Arriving here about a half hour early, stopped in for coffee.  Had the honey almond milk latte.  A nice cup of coffee, and always prefer to have such local options compared to the chain places.  Several coffee preparation options here along with a diverse menu of small food items to accompany your beverage.  A side note, appreciation for the specialty soap bottles in the bathrooms.Love!!!!!!!!! Yes and Yassss to the crawfish quiche and AVO on a English muffin! I love the small details the most!!!! I am excited for this black owned business!!Quiches are so fresh and cheesy This is a quaint place with fresh beverages and food Friendly people and nice sunlit space!! Loved it! For $10 got a blueberry smoothie a zucchini muffin and spinach quiche! very reasonable.This is a nice, quiet, spacious cafe. Bonus - it has free Wi-Fi. The service was friendly, although the barista seemed like he'd easily get overwhelmed with more people or complicated orders. I had a double espresso, which was disappointing. There was nearly no cream, and it clearly had not been pulled properly. It was like a cup of coffee. I also had a cup of coffee, which was decent. My wife had  spinach quiche, which we enjoyed. It was quite tasty.Delicious and dairy free options! Yes! Ambiance is stellar, love the art, very spacious, not too loud. Will visit again when I come back to NOLAWe were visiting NOLA for the weekend, and I had a hard time finding local coffeehouses near the French Quarter. We stumbled on this place after going to yoga next door. I would agree that the time to get food is long, but only if you're comparing it to Starbucks or another place that's focused on speed. If you compare it to a restaurant, the timing is minimal. The coffee is delicious, food is great, and the atmosphere is open, bright, and friendly. I came back on my last day just to enjoy the community-feel and to taste the coffee again. Delightful.Quite the cute little coffee shop that was an unexpected but welcome find. There's a variety of options for coffee and tea, plus some great pastries and sandwiches if you're looking for a tasty snack. My one complaint would be the speed of the service. It took almost 20 minutes to get two pressed sandwiches (one ALT - avocado, lettuce, tomato, and one grilled cheese with raspberry) and then the lemon pastry we ordered was forgotten and we had to go back up to get it. 
The food was great, but the service needs a bit of tweaking to really shine.This place is a gem! Amazing latte and the people here are authentic. Great feel and interesting local people hang out here. Crawfish quiche is amazing!amazing vibes, great atmosphere, excellent staff, this is a terrific coffee shop for lovers of motown new orleansThis is a little coffee shop a short walk from the French Quarter. The coffee was strong and okay in flavor. I had the spinach quiche which was nicely prepared. It had good flavor and the egg custard was smooth with lots of spinach and cheese. The crust was also pretty tasty. The atmosphere was good and there are lots of seating choices. Service was nice and friendly.I have a new favorite coffee shop down here. It's not far from NOAC so I can go there after the gym. The price is reasonable, the coffee is good but the food--oh the food is great. That grilled cheese with raspberry jam still makes my mouth water when I think about it and it's been a couple hours since I ate it. The atmosphere is comfortable, plenty of space, and one happy morning out with friends. Oh yeah and the service was fantastic--the women behind the counter went above and beyond I wish I got their names so I could give them a shoutout on here and help them get a raise.A little patch of serenity in bustling downtown! They have great sandwiches. And try their not-too-sweet vietnamese coffee. Delish!GREAT coffee place!! Found this place in a quick Yelp search of nearby coffee shops while in New Orleans. And I'm SO glad we did! It has a nice little cool coffee shop feel for a large space. Low jazz playing, warm colors and seating, block colored walls. And AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS coffee! I had a Mocha Latte and the hubby had a Caramel Latte. They were both perfection!! The staff was friendly and one of the owners Alonso  (Husband and wife team own this cute place) even chatted with us about the area, etc. It was much, much better than your average Starbucks coffee stop. The environment felt welcoming and personal. Not like you were "Next!" In an assembly line at some corporate place. This is a place to truly relax and enjoy!  There list several types of coffee, tea, pastries, sandwiches, as well as other breakfast & brunch items. I'd recommend it. And we will be back!Very cute place, food was good (we had avocado, tomato and egg on English muffin and the turkey on croissant) and GREAT coffee ( we had an americano and a regular both superb).5 Star Service. The Baristas were amazing and very helpful. The barista who took care of me Trey was extremely helpful and knows how to make a great americano ! He visited our table and gave us waters when we didn't even have to ask. Combined with a great atmosphere, great location. This will be my favorite place in New Orleans to get a cup of coffee !!ThIs place is great coffee is amazing and the food choices are amazing as well . If you are in town or a local you should come here . The open space and seating is huge lots of space for you to spread your wings .The espresso is very smooth - we really enjoyed the lattes and chai teas!  Tuna sandwich is delicious.  In fact everything we ate here (went here twice) was good.  Will go back if we come to New Orleans again!Dear god & owners of backatown, thank you for the best spinach quiche that has ever touched my palate. The coffee is also pretty good! Super busy on the weekend and you're definitely looking at a 10 + minute wait on the weekend but it was so worth it! 
I love their chesterfield sofa... I secretly came here because of their sofas, but the seats were all taken :(
Next time .... you are mine...I loved it here. I know some of the reviews complain about the wait for food but I didn't order food so I can't speak to that.
I came here two days in a row since they were close to my airbnb. I was looking for a coffee shop to work in and get my morning caffeine fix and this fit the bill. The coffee was great and so was the oolong tea! They have a great tea selection, a very friendly staff and the place is clean with a fantastic atmosphere. 
I also bought the bottled kombucha (delicious), coconut water (yum) and regular water and compared to where I live, everything was reasonably priced.This place is so cute! I can't believe I didn't know about it before now. Their employees are really helpful and the space is quiet enough to work in. I wasn't in love with the latte I ordered, but I'll definitely be back.While waiting for our tour to start we stopped in this fabulous coffee parlor. The staff was as sweet as can be and the bathrooms we beautiful. I had a smoothie that was perfect (orange & banana) and he had an iced tea.This coffee shop and meeting space is perfection. The energy is just right, not to bustly, but also not too sleepy. The space is gorgeous, I want to live here! There is so much natural light and seating. The location is convenient to the French Quarter, Downtown, CBD, Uptown, Lower Garden District, but without being caught up in hellacious parking and traffic situations. Easy access from major thoroughfares. Easy on-street parking. 
My vanilla latte was perfection, but the crawfish quiche was one of the best things I have ever eaten, and I'm a snob about quiche. The filling was so light and flavorful. The crawfish tails were plump and plentiful.  But most importantly, the crust was light, crisp, flaky, and the perfect density. Y'all! Get your life! 
The music is just right(not too loud like some coffee shops). There are magazines and games for your entertainment. You can find an individual table, or choose one of a few grouped seating areas. I highly recommend this place for your individual productivity oriented days or for meeting up with friends or colleagues. It's a vibe.I'm a big fan of coffee shop life. I was excited to go to a new place but this one didn't quite hit the mark. I loved the location, and how bright and spacious it was. The decor is cute, but the space wasn't super comfortable. My coffee drink was very expensive and only decently good. The self-service jug ran empty and was never refilled. Maybe this is good bc the fruit that was living in there looked pretty old. I wouldn't recommend this place for serious work. But a causal coffee date or meeting, this place will do fine.Cute little place kinda tucked in a non descript office looking building. Glad we stopped (I usually don't bother with places that do not post their menu their website). Lunch here after a very informative and interesting cemetery tour about a block away (also highly recommended). Friendly staff. Inside tables were full but it was warm enough to sit outside. Enjoyed the turkey sandwich, green salad, chi spice. All very flavorful and tasty. Small portions but collectively hit the spot. After meal treats were delicious; just can't remember what they were (Doh!). Highly recommended and will be back for more.Love love this place! We were looking for a coffee shop before heading to the graveyard and the tombstone of Marie Laveau, and a friend had mentioned this shop. Cool AC, great coffee and food, and friendly owners. I love that it is black owned.The perfect place to have coffee! Amazing vibes and wonder people... I'll be back again and again!Great deal with the Groupon offer.  They have a really good crawfish quiche that is very reasonably priced.  Also tried the turkey and egg croissant sandwich.  The coffee is ok but very dark roast and bitter- prefer the light roast.  The venue space is large and clean with comfortable seating.I was kind of nervous as I got closer because this is kind of off of the beaten path. And as a first timer in NOLA, I thought I was making a mistake going this far away from the center of the city and y hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. 
Very nice and original coffee shop. Decor is unique including paintings from local artists. I came here to work for 8 hours. No trouble finding a table and outlet at 8am, coffee was good, and I had both breakfast and lunch. Groupon sells 2 $10 vouchers for $12. 
Coffee was good. When I asked to warm up my coffee in the microwave, she poured me a new cup because they don't have microwaves. So I think that's pretty awesome. You're not getting anything old or zapped. They also keep two containers of water with fruit to enjoy at your leisure by the sugar station. 
Food was good. Only two breakfast sandwich options, no sausage or bacon. So I had a turkey egg and cheese on croissant. Very good, no complaints. I had the turkey panini for lunch and the sweet potato pie. I was more interested in the sweet potato scone after having a sample but the pie worked out better with my voucher and ppl seemed to like it from the reviews. So I don't like sweet potato pie, but this was GOOD.  Like omg I wanted to save half for my husband to try but I can't because I'm going to eat. The. Whole. Thing. And it's pretty big. And I need to save my tourist calories for the hurricanes and oysters I plan on having later. But it was so worth it. I probably would not have been so motivated to leave this review without trying this dessert. 
Long story short, give this place a try. Support local businesses. If you're going to spend more than $15, get the two groupons and they will work it out so you can get the most bang for your buck with the two separate transactions. And try their bakery.This new coffee shop is quite impressive. The atmosphere has a nice vibe and it is very spacious. I came here to do homework, which was perfect. They offer free WiFi and some really nice sandwiches and pastries to go along with your coffee. The staff was friendly and attentive. There is something about small owned businesses that get me excited. It's nice to not always spend my money in large chains. I think eventually something gets lost in the experience.So I decided to sneak in here and grab a few hours to read outside of my apartment and came here because though it's been on my list, I hadn't been because parking is a little difficult. 
Anyway, I walk in and the place is open and earthy looking with beautiful wooden, wicker, and leather furniture. There are enough sockets in the walls to not struggle if you're looking for a place to plug in your laptop. There is music playing, but it's not overwhelming. The tables for two line the perimeter with the exception of 3 in front of the counter and a larger table for 6 tucked into the alcove. The center holds two large, tufted, brown leather couches perfect for lounging, a white chest, and a basket of magazines. 
I order crawfish quiche (which was always my plan and that decision was solidified when I saw them being pulled from the oven).
This thing is so damn good! And the price point is nice. I couldn't even finish it before I started to write this. I also ordered a sweet potato pie that I was told is made in house, as well. I love coffee houses/cafes that are locally owned and operated. 
I'll be back. I'll DEFINITELY be back. You should give it a try.Just stopped in to meet up for a tour but surprise surprise fell in love with the iced americano and vegan sweet potato scone. Very cute atmosphere and everyone behind the counter was very nice.This was my first time visiting and I'll be back. They have events going on there sometimes too. This will easily become one of my chill hangout spots when I'm downtown.Chill atmosphere, outstanding service and great food and coffee. The icing on the cake is.....it's BLACK owned!! I'll give it 6 stars if I canThis is a great place for a lot of reasons. The coffee is great. You have artful, comfortable interior seating, as well as a pleasant patio space. It's great for solo contemplation, business meetings, and social rendezvous. If you're a tourist hanging primarily in the quarter, it's a short walk to experience a different flavor of the city. Added bonus for fashionistas: one of the proprietors, Alonzo, seems always to be in display of a fabulous and inspiring shirt.Excellent. Delicious coffee, comfortable atmosphere, friendly staff. We didn't try any food but everything else was so good we will definitely be back for more!Great shop. Tasty chicken sandwich. Love the art on the walls and the cozy patio seatingsVery nice and zen atmosphere! Stopped in today for an iced coffee and crawfish quiche. The coffee was perfect. The quiche was good, but I was expecting a little more crawfish cooked throughout it. Would return to try some of their other baked goodies.Five stars for the coffee, atmosphere and service. The fact that I had to pay to park on the street was a bummer.Easily one of my top-three favorite finds during my trip to New Orleans! Truly a wonderful coffee shop with great food/beverages, great staff, and comfortable working conditions for a freelancer like me. Really loved it!!Love this coffee spot in back of town New Orleans aka Backatown. So much history and culture in Backatown. The coffee, Tea, pastries are something truly special here. It's a must that you vibe out here with nothing but positive vibes and great energy!I really, REALLY like Backatown. As soon as you walk in the door, you just get good vibes all around. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is so inviting and the coffee is great! I've been on two occasions now and both times I left anxiously awaiting my next visit. Whether your there to meet a friend or just have a solo coffee date, Backatown is the perfect place for either. I also have to say I had one of the best lattes I've ever had (no exaggeration). Try the 'miel' the next time you visit. It consists of espresso, almond milk and honey and it is delicious. I'm so happy on this new addition to the area and foresee many visits in the future.A delightful black owned coffee shop with amazing vibes nestled in downtown New Orleans. 
Whether you're in for study session or need warmth from a delightful cup of coffee & curl up with a book, this is your spot. 
The atmosphere is perfectly created to relax and couches are inviting for long bouts of dialogue with endless magazines and books for curious minds. 
There are different advertisements near the door for real estate, study tutors, credit repair & home cleaning. This shows the owners are open to small business advertising in their place. 
I had the blueberry muffin & an almond milk hot White chocolate. It was perfectly prepared & the owner was very helpful asking if we needed anything else. 
Give this place a try and you won't regret it. 
Bon appetiteNice place to sit and chill in AC while waiting for our cemetery tour down the street. It's a large coffee house with great coffee, decor, and sweets/pastries. My husband got the pistachio donut with VN coffee. It has a very nice hipster vibe despite it being in a weird location. There's free wifi and plenty of seating.So we stopped in before our Cemetery tour a block away ar St Louis Number 1. Store is cute with some couches in the middle of the store. Pastries looked good but we just had breakfast so we just had coffee. Service was good and very hospitality I would def come backI am so incredibly excited about Backatown. The location is convenient, the vibe is phenomenal and laid back, and the food/beverages were very reasonably priced. I think I am going to dream about that crawfish quiche FOR DAYS. Was thrilled to hear that not only is the business black-owned but so is the roasting company that they use. Would highly recommend Backatown and will be working remotely from here much more often!I've been here a handful of times now and I absolutely love it. It's perfect. Not too loud but not a library either. No loud pre teens or deaf old men like Starbucks or CCs  (no shade).
Mostly, the vibe is always welcoming and pleasant. Plus the food is pretty good. I had the soup and sandwiches and was satisfied overall.
The decor is good, decent amount of plugs for working, comfy chairs... Honestly I love this place. The only downfall is parking which is hard as a local (tourist and tour buses everywhere)
Most importantly it's the only black owned coffee shop I'm aware of nola.This is a wonderful, calm coffee spot with great service! The owner and workers are very kind and the atmosphere is great for getting some work done with a well priced breakfast bagel or sandwich and drink. I ordered a blueberry bagel with cream cheese, and a cup of green tea which was a much bigger cup than I was expecting, which was a pleasant surprise. My friend and I only decided to come here because of a Groupon we purchased, but we are definitely looking forward to coming back. It's a bit hard to find parking, but since we went on a Sunday, we were able to find a spot on the side streets nearby for free. Be sure not to park in a resident spot, though.Cute coffee shop, friendly staff, comfy couches to sit and chat with friends at. Good coffee!!!Stopped in to beat the heat and we ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee and a hibiscus Jasmine tea. My tea was super fruity and not too sweet as the sugar is added to order. The Vietnamese coffee was nice a strong with condensed milk added to the bottom so it needed some stirring. For a quick beverage after a tour in the heat, this was great! Really awesome music and atmosphere if you want to sit and chill out a bit.This place is amazing. A great modern coffee parkour with a great atmosphere. You are able to get some great work done with their free WiFi. Or feel free to grab a free book to read.Stopped by while on New Orleans for my Birthday! The atmosphere was authentic, the Crawfish Quiche was amazing, and the service was top class! I was very impressed and will be stopping by every time I am in New Orleans! Already recommended it to all my friends and family!We luckily found this black-owned cafe near our hotel. 
It rightfully deserves 4 stars for location (right next to the St. Louis Cemetery), decor (a cozy, industrial chic vibe), pretty good iced coffee, and service with a smile. 
The only negative was that our pastries were quite dry and not very tasty (croissant & banana coffee cake) but despite this I would definitely return to this shop! Great place with a nice vibe to get work done.The crawfish quiche was so good, I had to have another!  Plus, their cortados are very good, and the iced Vietnamese coffee was out of this world good. The staff was super friendly, and I loved the space.You will not be ordering a "venti" again after visiting "Backatown Parlour".
The employees make you feel like your family!
I ordered a coffee and a avacado and  egg on a English muffin.   So scrumptious, and the coffee was served in a wonderful large white ceramic mug with a saucer which added to the lofty feeling of the coffee parlour.  
The location is great as well,  just two blocks from "The Saint Hotel",  very roomy inside with plenty of space to meet up with friends and family.Came in from the rain after being told to come here. 
A simple chicken salad sandwich took over 15 minutes and when it did come out it was made wrong. 
Soup took over a hour to come out which is unacceptable no matter where you go. Got no warning of the soup having to be thawed out. 
If i would of been  told the soup would take a while i wouldn't of been so upset.The Miele latte is delish! And the sweet potato pie is the best ever. A selection of quiches and sandwiches that taste great are also offered. I purchased a Groupon and have been 3 times in one week. Very friendly owner. My son spilled his whole hot chocolate on the coach and the owner graciously had the area cleaned and replaced the hot chocolate without us even asking. We will definitely be regulars.Crawfish quiche was outstanding.  Should have got 2. If you like quiche you must have one.  If you don't like quiche but you like seafood you should try it.This is probably my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans!  Affordable tasty food and drink, and the ambience is just beautiful. There are fresh flowers on the table and plenty of study space as well as lounging space. Black- owned; highly recommendBest coffee shop in New Orleans? Quite possibly. Phenomenal? YES!
The pastries were top notch and beyond. Love love love this place and the management/ownership.They have literally the best coffee I've ever tasted in my life. I would 1000% recommend Backatown to anyone visiting New Orleans. Also the atmosphere is just so nice and relaxing. The workers were super nice and made sure that we were taken care of. Best coffee in NOLA for sure!I keep looking for a strawberry smoothie that tastes as good as theirs and I can't! I was in Nola on a research trip and we stopped by this parlour because HBCU... Black Owned Business, ya know. 
The exterior of the building is very tidy and if I remember correctly there's outside seating. If fresh air isn't your thing, the interior is even better! Stylish seating, fun music (low enough to get some reading done), clean floors, and refreshment bar! 
I ordered a smoothie for the first time ever and it was not disappointing! I wish more tasted like theirs. I also ordered a breakfast sandwich that they kindly toasted for me. Delicious! Would recommend and return.Slowww waittttt . While it's a quick jog  from the visitors center. We found a table to fit our party. Cashier was unable to describe a praline smoothie. Sandwiches took 15 minutes and over 40 minutes later we are still waiting for tomato basil soup after 3 assurances that the soup was almost ready ... seriously.. ridiculous.. after the comment please let it be know . Out of the four individual with a soup/ sandwich  combo .. one decided to get a soup refund. One decided to swap soup for chips and two waited it out without accommodations for a soup with a CHUNKY FILMCrawfish quiche was everything they bragged about. Delicious! The vibe was great! And they are taking precautions by wearing masks, taking online orders and cleaning vigilantly. Walked in to an employee wiping down the couch seating area. I will be returning!I came to New Orleans to visit my sister. She took me to Backatown cafe. It's the cutest coffee shop. It's super roomy and cozy. 
You could hang out there and read a book on their two couches. If you need to get some work done, you can pull up a table. They have 2 tops, 4 tops and even a 6 top. It's the perfect place to suit your needs. 
The food is super yummy too. I had the French toast  and Blueberry chia pudding. My sister had the everything bagel with lox, capers, tomato and avocado. It was supper good. 
They do serve oat milk which is always a plus so I had a latte with oat milk. I really enjoyed this neighborhood coffee shop.WOW! Perfect Sunday morning relaxing spot. The rose pistachio doughnut, WOW. Yummy quiches, zucchini muffins, and breakfast sandwiches.I visited this new trendy coffee shop while in New Orleans. I must say for a coffee shop it was absolutely beautiful inside and outside. It has more of a Barnes and Nobles vibe than a regular coffee shop and that is why I love it. The floor to ceiling windows allows for a beautiful view of the city. 
The servers staff here were very happy and didn't mind doing their job. Whatever you order they will bring it to where you are seating. They honor groupons which they are all aware of. 
There is still tons of space for creating more seating or charging stations. The place is brand new and I am sure they are not done renovating. But it still looks beautiful.
This is a great place to catch up with an old friend, read, do homework, study, or just enjoy a strong cup of coffee. I highly recommend popping in for a visit to see this beauty yourself. I promise you will not be disappointed.This is such a cute spot?! I see people on their computers and with their books! I must come back again. Such fun?!Good tea, very roomy/spacious, fun food options. Service was a little unfriendly and room was very cold. Overall though, great place to work and not be bothered.
Nearby area can have some sketchy characters but it's New Orleans, so not out of the ordinary.I needed some quick breakfast before my drive back home. I saw this spot was only a short drive from MSY. That quiche has me wanting to find a recipe to make some. The crust was perfectly flaky, the seasoning was right on point, the muffin was firm on the outside with a softer inside and delicious as well. The jasmine tea I ordered was a perfect finish to the meal. Service was quick and friendly, the food and drink came out quickly, and they were observing Covid standards of cleanliness and spacing.I enjoy going to Backatown (pre-COVID), especially for meetings and to do work. I find that there is plenty of seating, have had no issues with the wifi, and have always found an outlet when I've needed it. The service has always been great and I enjoy the selection of teas and food. The atmosphere is lovey with plenty of windows and natural light. They also have limited outdoor seating if you like that. 
This place is close to the start of the Lafitte Greenway, Armstrong park, and the French Quarter so it is a good place to start the day for an adventure. 
Wanted to mention that the parking situation can be a little difficult. My best bet is to park across the street at paid parking, but even sometimes that is full.The BBQ crawfish and grits was delicious ( I don't usually eat crawfish). The sweet potato pie was unbelievably  delicious.If you are anywhere near this place you must stop and enjoy! Besides having a very relaxed, friendly vibe, the food and coffee are amazing! Blueberry muffin left me very satisfied, so moist and the perfect size. We also had the spinach and crawfish quiche, don't miss those either. I wish this place was by my house!I have heard many good things about this coffee parlour. I understand the hype behind it. The setting is very intimate and beautiful. The customer service is amazing. The food is awesome.  I advise that you get the shrimp and corn bisque.  It's so yummy! This coffee parlour is peaceful.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend.They had me had the street view filled with exposed brick! Backatown has been on my list of places to visit and let me tell you, it's officially my new spot to plug away at work things and meet up with friends for the coffee or tea!  When I opened the front door to enter I was amazed by the spacious interior and beautiful decor. There are beautiful leather couches in the center of the shop with cute accent chairs that allow for several customers to enjoy their own space. There are tables that seat 2 to 4 visitors lined along a wall of windows and exposed brick. I am absolutely obsessed with the decor and I couldn't stop peaking at everything during my visit. The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. Once you place you order you're welcome to sit in the lounge away and a staff member will bring your items back out to you. I enjoyed spending my afternoon there and I can't wait to return! Also, to my surprise there was an outdoor patio at the front entrance that seats several customers as well if you prefer to be outdoors.I really enjoyed this spot. It relaxes and very well decorated. I didn't have much time to hang out when I was there, but I can't wait to show up with my laptop and spend the afternoon working or meeting with friends. 
My only issue as a non-caffeine drinker, was the lack on non-caffeinated options. But it is a coffee house so I can't complain. I had the lemoncello (spell check) and it was great.A hidden gem right by Tulane's downtown campus. Good food and really wonderful coffee. The perfect place to get some work done.Uhhhh-mazing! To start, it's a black owned business. Love supporting and giving back. Not only that, it's locally owned, which means it's not all corporate feeling. WiFi, quiet place to study, read, etc. Its hidden off of Basin right before you hit Canal. If you pass up Iberville, you've gone too far. 
The space is nice and clean. There's plenty of sitting areas. While you're just chilling, there's a card game to play with friends or an ice breaker for strangers.
The ONLY critique I have is the residue left behind from either the almond milk or nut syrup. I'm not sure of the brand being used, but it should be looked into deeply. Other than that, great atmosphere and strong coffee. Maybe next time I'll have a regular black coffee.Awesome coffee shop with delicious spinach and crawfish quiche, fantastic chai and great red velvet cookies. The red velvet cookie are the best In the city. Then there's the zucchini muffin that my husband can't stop talking about. It's my favorite beautiful coffee shop in the city.This place is amazing. They have some of the best coffee I've ever tasted and such delicious pastries. Their coolinary menu is an awesome five course brunch. I really loved their tomato basil soup and  sweet potato pie but I also completely recommend their limoncello cake. There isn't a parking lot but lots of street parking. Loved the decor and aesthetics, fresh flowers are always an added bonus. It is pretty place to meet friends, study, or just have a great meal.Black owned business! Best twist on "shrimpNgrits" ever. Bbq crawfish and grits!! Everything was perfect! Food,drink,decor,service! Support them!Burnt coffee, inhospitable environment and staff, they didn't know how to make the macchiato I ordered and when my husband asked about their coffee and if they had different roasts available the barista looked at us like we were stupid and said no.Very clean, spacious, and there is always a good energy in this coffee shop! I love the Turkey Panini & Caramel Latte! They make everything to order, but there's tons of comfy tables, sofas, and refreshing water while you wait! This is definitely a great lunch & breakfast spot in NOLA! They have also been really good at social distancing & keeping customers safe while doing so!Very cute little spot off bourbon street.  I appreciated the low key laid back vibes and no lines or waiting.  The food I had (egg tomato and avocado sandwich) was simple but really good and fresh, and the coffee was tasty as well.  Cool art everywhere and super friendly staff.  Nice break from the madness of bourbon street.I came here because my friend from New Orleans recommended Backatown Coffee. The food taste is five stars; however, the service wasn't so great. We had to keep going back for items missed when ordered. We ordered the crawfish quiche and spinach quiche, which where missing then served to us cold. We asked for it to be heated. When the server dropped it off at our table, he dropped it with attitude and walked away. To make the experience more unpleasant, the crawfish quiche came back still cold and the dough in spinach quiche wasn't fully cooked. The manager comped the spinach quiche but I was highly disappointed.Highly recommend this coffee shop/cafe. Friends and I got an array of coffees, scones, bagels, and we're overall extremely satisfied. We highly recommend the sweet potato scone...so delicious! The cafe is quite large, especially in New Orleans terms and we were able to easily walk to the french quarter. Highly recommend!Visiting from out of town the atmosphere is a great environment to relax, converse with friends or work in a safe environment. Service is excellent. The coffee selection is great. I ordered a hazelnut latte. Will definitely keep this coffee shop on rotation when I visit the city.I'm not typically a coffee shop goer. If I do go, it's to study/work on my laptop, so the main reason you won't find me at coffee shops very often is because they don't have what I'm looking for: 
- generous seating
- plenty of outlets 
- WiFi
- comfortable ambient noise (good music that's not too loud to be distracting, no loud conversations but not silent to the point where you feel like you're in a quiet zone of a library, no blenders being used non-stop) 
- affordably priced coffee 
To my pleasant surprise, Backatown has ALL of these! There's tons of seating to choose from: there's a large table and a couple of sofas for groups, several small tables for solos or pairs, and additional bar-style seating. There's also some patio seating. Overall, Backatown is a very open, spacious place with super laidback vibes. I tried their Vietnamese iced coffee (~$4.60 including tax), which was described as a cold brew with condensed milk, and enjoyed it. Definitely give it a few swirls to mix up the condensed milk (which you'll see settled at the bottom). Looking to try some of their other iced options on my return visits! They also have some light food options (pastries, quiche). Also, I did find the AC a bit too strong and wished I had brought a jacket.This is an amazing coffee shop! Great service, good coffee and beautiful ambiance. My husband goes to "the Bucks" and gets his venti latte everyday but he stated that this was by far the best latte he has enjoyed in his life. Thanks for taking care of us DC visitors... it was nothing but loveGreat food (grilled cheese! mmm), great coffee and espressos/latte. Beautiful space to work in, lots of plugs/outlets and wifi. Staff is friendly. Local POC-owned business. 
Only downside is free and hourly parking in the area can be a little tricky/competitive, but that's not their fault!Best coffee I've found in New Orleans. Loved the Honey latte, miel. Very clean, and beautiful location. So happy they had coconut milk. Great service as well.Excellent! Lovely staff so friendly - spacious and lots of outlets -  the coffee is great ! Spinach quiche too - very clean and nice bathrooms - totally recommendThis place is beautiful and has great coffee and snacks. Go get you something from there and take a stroll around lovely Treme!I am visiting NOLA from Miami and decided that I would find the best Black-owned establishments while visiting The Big Easy. I was so excited when I found Backatown! The atmosphere is amazing and the coffee is just as amazing. You can tell they pick high quality coffee beans as the flavors in the coffee were prominent. I've come here two days in a row and will probably be back again tomorrow. Definitely worth getting a great cup of coffee and then walking to Canal St. This will for sure be a staple every time I visit NOLA!I stopped by because they had vegan pastry options. I got the cappuccino with oatmilk and agave syrup and a pistachio rose donut.
They kindly warmed the donut up for me. When trying a vegan donut you must remember that it will not be light like a Krispy Kreme donut. Rather it's dense and more similar to a cake. This donut was good with very sweet icing and the rose flakes definitely gives it that floral hint which I find overwhelms the pistachio.
The cappuccino was the right bitterness to accompany my sweet donut.I love this coffee shop. The people working here are so kind, and I felt very welcomed and taken care of. The ambiance is friendly and cheerful. They accommodated my vegan requests, and the coffee is great.I just visited this coffee shop for the first time this morning and I'm happy to say this won't be my last visit. The shop was aesthetically pleasing, to say the least. It was so bright and airy, not dark and cramped like a lot of the coffee shops that I've been to in the past. The iced coffee was excellent. I also had their peanut butter/banana/honey sandwich....DE-LI-CIOUS!! Now, the bread that they used was very firm and may be too hard for some but I liked it. In this case, a sturdy bread was needed to avoid having a super messy meal and the flavor was really good. The staff was friendly and the prices were very reasonable. Not to mention, the place was super clean (a definite plus and super important :-). I thoroughly enjoyed my experience. Check this spot out. I don't think you'll be disappointed.Like a few other reviewers, I found Backatown because it was near my hotel and I needed some real coffee. It was a delight.
I came here twice during my trip. The first time I got the Vietnamese Iced Coffee and Sweet Potato Pie. I sat on the patio and read a book. The second time I needed to get some work done, so I sat inside and ordered an iced coffee and crawfish quiche.
The food was great - they even warmed up the pie for me. It didn't have that weird preserved taste that a lot of coffee shop food does (looking at you Starbucks). The coffee was delicious as well.
If you're looking for a place outside of the bustling French Quarter to relax for a bit, this is it. The tables are spaced far apart and I felt comfortable being here during COVID.Backatown is my go-to café downtown.  I was originally attracted when they first opened by view of the facing chesterfield sofas - I'm  a sucker for those and figured they were kindred spirits. They didn't disappoint. What I didn't expect was Vietnamese coffee and a variety of imaginative foods, cooked and served by people who obviously care about what they're doing.      
There's a nice buzz in the big room, so you can talk without feeling like you're disturbing someone. So far I've been able to quieter areas with plugs when it's time to get work done.
When I'm meeting someone staying in a downtown hotel, Backatown is a great location. They can walk or Lyft and I can usually park if I have the car without too much trouble, being on the edge of downtown.Cozy charming coffee shop with lots of space, lighting & vibes. I love this place. I grabbed a window seat & sat for a while. I had a hot tea, peppermint was the flavor, it was very refreshing.We stumbled upon this coffee shop behind our hotel, Homewood suites, walking around the area. Thank goodness because there's really nothing else in the area and the hotel coffee was not cutting it. The block it's on is nondescript but there's a yoga studio next door. This place is styled industrial with plenty of seating (including outside). Every other table is blocked and there is plenty of space to social distance. 
I had a vanilla latte and a croissant. My husband had a vietnamese coffee and a warmed up sweet potato pie. Holy cow with that pie! My husband and i were joking that my croissant would be dogshit after eating the pie. Lol. Nothing could compare to it. 
They had a menu filled with coffee drinks, baked goods, sandwiches and salads. I noticed a 3 course brunch menu too. Everything looked pretty tasty. What a great spot!Always a pleasure to stop at Backatown! Such a cool vibe and space filled with tasty art. The food is equally good. I've tried so many things and have never been disappointed. My fav is their avocado toast. 
Today I'm just doing coffee and working on some photos. Catch my photo art @sun_shine504.Mediocre food, disinterested service, cold coffee, and a bathroom that is out of service but you only  discover that once you  put soap on your hands and then realize the sink doesn't work. A sign would have helpedBeautiful Location 
Easy to find 
Wonderful decor 
Ordered a small coffee a small peppermint tea and a spinach Quiche 
Received 2 small coffees not sure why 
And a large peppermint tea 
We gave one small coffee back 
Waited for Quiche to be heated 
Unfortunately it was still cold on the inside.We were on our way to the cemetery tour and stopped in this adorable coffee shop! The space is very inviting and clean. Loved the decor. The staff was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed my drop coffee, my friends got "fancier" coffees which they liked too! Get the crawfish quiche... delicious!! Overall great service and low key environment.Such a cute spot for your daily coffee and getting work done! It is located by Armstrong Park. When you walk up, you are greeted by a beautiful patio with comfortable seating and umbrellas for shade. Then you walk inside and it is an open room with plenty of seating (space out for social distancing). There are amazing murals on the walls and the artwork is absolutely breathtaking. I honestly never been in awe of a coffee shop and this one topped it all. My drink was good but I wouldn't call it a Vietnamese coffee. It was cold brew with condensed milk. Vietnamese coffee is a lot strong than cold brew with a hint of chicory (usually made with Cafe du Monde chicory roast). I still liked it but wouldn't call it Vietnamese coffee, maybe like satin iced cold brew (idk). I will be back for sure!My friends come here monthly for book club meet ups, and I have never made the effort to come out, because I am NOT a coffee person.
Well, color me surprised when I was Yelping places with free Wi-Fi to work out of, and Backatown popped up. Other friends had also been mentioning them on social media about since they host several community events. 
I made the trek down, and boy I could just kick myself for waiting so long  to pay this place a visit. They have an outside patio with seating, and as soon as you walk in the door, you're hit with soft R&B, and oldie but goodie tunes over the speakers. Backatown is black-owned and is just perfect with black art and murals on the walls. 
Even if you don't frequently indulge in coffee like myself, they offer an entire cafe menu featuring baked goods, salads, sandwiches, and soups. I had to try their infamous sweet potato pie and crawfish quiche. Both were delicious served warm!
Coffees and teas are reasonably priced, and no drink is more than $4.75, and all of the food is priced no more than $5.75.
This is definitely a neighborhood spot, good for enjoying a cup of joe, enjoying a sweet or savory treat, or stopping by for a community event. Everything in the food case looks tantalizing, and I'm sure I'll have one of each baked good by the end of the month. 
They offer local delivery and catering. There are a ton of outlets around the perimeter of the cafe, and even a mini gift shop to purchase coffee mugs, t-shirts ,coffee beans and candles.
Since they have a Square reader, they accept mobile payments.
My only wish is that they offered a loyalty rewards program. 
One short stem fresh rose sits on every table, which just makes this place feel homey and welcoming. Inside is very spacious with 2-person tables, family-style tables, a high-top counter, and sofas. It's not too noisy, so you are able to work here and have a conversation without being disruptive.We live in the Treme and Backatown is amazing ! Beautiful design , Black owned, vegan friendly, all gender restroom as all businesses should have, with delicious food and drinks, and the friendliest staff ever especially Jarrod (Jared? Spelling ?) who was exceptional going above and beyond at every level.  His warmth, service, and professionalism blew us away even by New Orleans hospitality standards.  He knows how to upsell without being pushy, he was proud of the products he was serving and so kind.  I asked if he was a GM or owner and was surprised to hear him say he was "just" a worker.  Well Workers make or break a business and are the backbone of society.  He should have many future opportunities for promotions.  Support local ! Support Black owned business ! Support youth! Support New Orleans the greatest City on earth . Support Backatown! Thank you Jared!This place was amazing! They had healthy dessert options and the people who worked there were so sweet , kind, and patient! The vibe was on point as well! Highly recommend!  You get a free refill for drip coffee!Backatown is all purpose! I come here for book club meetings, to study, friend dates, Tinder dates... everything. I haven't had a reason to yet, but I know that you can book their beautiful space for private events. They're chicken salad on croissant is my favorite of their sandwich options. They also offer paninis and a rotating menu of savory and sweet pastries- sometimes with vegan options. They have milk alternatives and I've never had a problem with their WiFi. I even love their hand soap and lotion in the restrooms. My only gripe is that I wish that they were open later for those nights when I've got a pile of homework to tackle.The guy behind the counter deserves a medal. While at least 3 people stood around in the back area talking he did literally everything. It took 45 mins to get 2 egg sandwiches, a bowl of soup and a grilled cheese. I don't blame him at all, he was a one man show. Ultimately when it came the food was good and the overall setup is nice. Whoever is actually in charge today needs fired and replaced by the guy behind the counter because clearly he's the only productive employee they have.This coffee parlor got its name from being on the fringes of the old city limits. I love how New Orleans institutions incorporate history into their names. From the coffee shop you can see St Louis Cemetery number 1, the most famous burial place in New Orleans. My husband and I stopped into the coffee shop for some caffeine prior to taking our tour of the cemetery. We enjoyed the free unlimited lemon water on this blazing hot day. Our lattes and small pastries were fairly good and while I did not try more, I'm intrigued by some of the menu offerings such as a raspberry brie sandwich.Smoothie was subpar however chai was really good. Staff was inattentive and seemed to be more interested in talking to each other than helping their customer. Response to my question regarding the "seasonal smoothie" was sarcastic, never got a greeting, and cashier was on her phone/apple watch the entire time I was trying to make my order. 
Personally, I manage a coffee shop and would never tolerate this behavior from my employees. Highly suggest an employee meeting to address the previous concerns.Beautiful patio seating, nice people, good food, great prices. Go see them! :)
I plan to go back and try the avocado, egg, tomato on an English muffin.Great place to enjoy a coffee. Big and nicely decorated. Cinnamon honey Cappuccino was decent. Just wish it was foamier.  Foam was a little watery looking. I like the steeped flavor water station. No homemade flavor syrups which is a downer but a well run coffee shop.Had the pleasure of patronizing this coffee shoppe today and was impressed. The initial ambiance was delightful. It was beautifully decorated with Xmas holiday decor and had laid back vibes. I was undecided on latte choices and the clerk helped me figure it out. I ordered the BBQ crawfish n grits with a praline flavored latte whipped cream caramel drizzle and topped with pecans! Totally delicious! I also ordered a chamomile tea since they were out of hibiscus early morning. Overall I see what the hype is about and will be back soon . Kinda wished they opened earlier than 8am #nolalove#blackownedbusiness
Covid safety measures:
Mask are strictly enforced and worn by staff. I didn't see any hand sanitizer dispensers nor gloves on clerk. I also didn't notice social distancing signs on tables. If I was not the only person early this morning. I would ha e taken my order to go or sat on the patio.I'll be honest - I planned to visit Backatown weeks before I actually did. And then one lazy Sunday, as I scrolled through Twitter I saw a sign that I needed to get over there - they were serving fresh sweet potato pie. And it wasn't even Thanksgiving!
Like most New Orleans establishments, parking at Backatown is tricky - it's street only and surrounded by a maze of one ways. Even on a Sunday, finding a spot was tough, but eventually, I parked on a side street about a block away and trekked over.
I was pleased to find friendly staff, even outside the restaurant. As I approached, an employee who was taking the trash out stopped to speak and open the door. While this friendliness is customary in New Orleans, it's always pleasant to see before even entering a business. The friendliness continued as I walked inside, being warmly greeted by the barista, busboys and even the owners. Everyone was so friendly and I hadn't even ordered yet!
The space itself is well lit and spread out. It's a great coffee shop for working because it's quiet, but it's also a great place for meeting because the tables are spaced far enough that you can meet privately. There's a variety of seating options as well, including classy but comfy leather couches.
I ordered a simple iced coffee with vanilla syrup and of course, the sweet potato pie. I was pleased with the quality of the coffee, definitely potent but still smooth. It was reasonably priced and came out quickly. The sweet potato pie was exactly what I expected - warn, cinnamon goodness with a crisp crust. It came in a small size, perfectly sized for one (or share....maybe).
Overall, I was pleased with my visit to Backatown. I truly have nothing critical to say - the menu consists of coffee house basics and some treats, but the service and ambiance is what really makes it a standout. Definitely a little spot worth checking out!The coolest place ever! The owner was super nice and the Vietnamese iced coffee is incredible!! 10/10 recommend!Backatown is a really cute coffee shop. It's warm, with great music and a great vibe. It's also popular. I was there around 9:30 a.m. on a weekday and it was fairly full. I ordered an iced caramel latte with almond milk. I tried to get a pastry, but they were out of everything except for like a random muffin. The barista was super rude and unfriendly. All she did to make my latte was pour some coffee from a pitcher in the fridge and add milk and caramel sauce. It was as gross as it sounds. Someone told me this place isn't even owned by a local. There's definitely better coffee in New Orleans.I kept hearing about this place and it surpassed all the hype. This has become one of my top two coffee places. I got my daughter the raspberry grilled cheese which she loved. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich. It was so good I think I finished it in 4 bites, hahaha. As for the coffee, I went with the Chai Latte,mmmmm. I plan to go back and make my way through the food and coffee options.The sweet potato pie is amazing. Raspberry grilled cheese *chef's kiss*
I was starving and this place gave me a second chance at life. I will go on (and hopefully come back here some day)
Edited to add that there's clearly labeled gender neutral restrooms which are always appreciatedI always enjoy coming here! The turkey panini, the breakfast English muffins and croissants are amazing and served all day! The Chai tea lattes and golden lattes are bomb! Additionally, you can add turkey, avocado, etc to your sandwiches if it doesn't come with it! The music is also on point! I absolutely love the bathrooms being equipped with oil stick fragrance, essential oil hand and lotion, as well as the tri-fold brown paper towels (I have a thing for unbleached items)! They always have fresh roses on each table as well! Just what I expected at Backatown plus more! #TCatoApprovedI love the feel of Backatown Coffee Parlour.  This spacious neighborhood coffee shop has loads of personality.  It's on Basin Street just past the hubbub in the French Quarter.  We stopped in on a lazy Saturday on our walk to Louis Armstrong Park.
The entrance is charming with its coconut hair planters, bistro tables and café string lights.  Inside, huge windows and the high ceiling let in tons of sunshine.  They have lots of seating--at countertops, at a long community table and at a dozen or more two-seater café tables.
A couple of leather sofas invited us to rest for a while.  We grabbed coffees and snacks and played a game of Chit Chat using a card deck supplied by BCP.  They weren't playing music so it was easy for the four of us to have comfortable conversation.
They had an assortment of baked goods, salads and sandwiches on the menu; I ordered a café au lait and a croissant.  At some coffee shops, they take your name and expect you to come back to pick up your order when they call.  Here, they asked us to get comfortable and said they would deliver everything to us.  I loved that.
My only complaint about BCP is that they're only open until 7PM so if you're trying to study or work late, you'll have to relocate elsewhere.  But the elements combine to feel almost like a living room away from home.  We enjoyed our visit and I recommend a visit to Backatown Coffee Parlour when you're in the neighborhood.I tried the crawfish quiche, French toast for under $6, avocado, tomato and egg English muffin sandwich and a cafe au lait. All tasted great. The line was long and the place was understaffed. There was only one girl who did it all: cashier, barista, cook and cleanup staff. They even bring out your food to your table after you order and grab a table number on a metal stand. The French toast was my mom's favorite because she liked the chewy texture. It was flat unlike most French toast and subtly cinnamon flavored. The maple syrup that came with it was nice too and was not the thick and dark corn syrup kind of maple syrup. This is a popular meeting spot for cemetery tours next door so it can get crowded. They have both indoor and outdoor dining. The indoor area is very spacious and has many tables for different party sizes. They have many tea options as well. The quiche tasted good and was very eggy. The crust was flakey and not too thick. The interior had a lot of African American art. This was a nice step away from the French quarters and it's crowdedness but is still walking distance from the French quarters.This place is brew-tiful! The ambience is super cute - somehow both very open and cozy! The low buzz of music and people make this a great place to hang with friends or to chill and work! I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed. I usually get the miel latte (soooo good) but this time I got a Vietnamese iced coffee (also delicious)! I've also had their quiche which had wonderfully flaky pastry and a creamy and flavorful filling.
In COVID times I think this is a top option for coffee shops. They have a small patio in the front for outdoor seating. As I mentioned earlier the inside is very spacious and the available tables are nicely spaced out so they are definitely practicing good public health and you can tell they care about the safety of their employees and patrons. 10/10 would recommend!An excellent little coffee shop with outstanding vegan options.   Location and ambience are great they have the AC cranked up height so that is appreciated on these humid days. Location is great near the cemetery so a great place to grab a beverage before or after a tour.   
They have an extensive good menu that goes beyond a few items in a case. They offer soup and sandwich combos and have an entire shelf of vegan pastries. I had a frosted pecan scone that was as amazing. 
This place is good, cool and local. So much better than Starbucks. Give it a try!Really nice coffee shop with an awesome vibe. We got a jasmine tea and a Vietnamese coffee, both were delicious. We stopped in to catch up on some work during our vacation and it was perfect for that!I recently moved to New Orleans and found this gem thru door dash! I then realized that it's on my way to work, so I decided to check it out in person.  AND WOW! The inside of this place so so beautiful! Plus the food and coffee is soooo good and not overpricedHonestly, every time I have been here the service has been bad. The baristas are not very friendly & don't seem to enjoy their jobs. The coffee is average at best. I love americanos & I have had better at surrounding places. The atmosphere is cool, but I can think of a few other place I would rather go.Great avocado toast. But you might need 2 orders. Laid back vibe. Good place to WFH. But they close very early!! 3 pm daily.This is a bit of a walk from Bourbon Street but definitely worth it. Such a cool atmosphere, the staff are amazing and the coffee...OMG!!!Local coffee is the best coffee. I visited Backatown a few weeks ago and I have been dreaming of going back ever since. My latte was really good! It needed a splash more sweetness so I added simple syrup and it was great. The coffee shop has a great atmosphere, there is plenty of space for studying or chatting with a friend. I definitely recommend this coffee shop!So much open space! Parking may be a bit of a pain but that's quite common living in New Orleans.
This place is great if you're meeting a group of 3-4 people. Ambiance is great and you can easily get lost in conversation for a while. The different arrangements of seating including the few community tables is solid.
My coffee was enjoyable and I always appreciate a coffee shop that has alternative milks. I just wish they made their own syrups and not commercial product. 
This spot is SO WORTH CHECKING OUT THOUGH. 
I'll definitely keep this open for future meeting spots and we should all do our best to support local cafes including Backatown.
The music they play is a fine mix of background noise x jazz x meeting friendly. You can be productive without the need to play your own music.
They do offer food but we only had drinks at the time.I love this coffee shop hidden in plain sight on Basin street!  A small stretch of street parking near the entrance is often full, but don't give up!  The interior is really nicely done and provides plenty of space, tables and bright light to settle in and get some work done or quietly chat with friends.  
The coffee is very good and they feature almost everything you can imagine: hot, cold, espresso, latte, and ooh lala - lol.
There is an impressive array of changing pastries from sweet potato scones featuring a drizzle of Carmel on top, strawberry almond scones, croissants and squares and on and on!  Hot breakfast is also available and some of those dishes look amazing- avocado toast, eggs, French toast - yum!  They also feature sandwiches, soups, and salads.
The service can be slow because it is hard to staff right now - but it is friendly and let's face it - you're not making it yourself so it's all good. 
I almost hesitate to write a review because I don't want this place to be filled to the gills when I go - but that's too selfish and I really want everyone to know that this part of town has an EXCELLENT coffee shop where you can gather and enjo