Just what we were looking for.  A neighborhood bar with better than average bar food.  The meatloaf sandwich was delicious!  Sara was a wonderful bartender and gave honest suggestions.  Great find!Good chill spot to grab a drink and a bite after nearby restaurants have closed. Kind of a trendy dive bar if that makes sense.
We had a Cuban and a BLT, both of which were delicious late nite fare.
Drinks were decent but nothing write home about. Can't get 5 stars without Luxardos if cocktails and food is your thing. That said I didn't peruse their beers on tap so maybe that's more of a focus. Guess I'll have to come back.
Good friendly crowd in there on a Tuesday night.The Whitman Roast Beef is a solid sandwich bc it includes fried oysters tenderloin tips, and cheese. This seems like a good spot to grab a drink. Interesting decorations with old typewriters, a cozy fireplace, friendly bartenders and it's much cleaner than neighboring spots. Check it out!The Whitman sandwich was delicious. The fried oysters come on the side but I put them inside the sandwich and it tasted even better! But the beers tasted old. Overall an okay experience-much better places to visit in NOLA.Been to NOLA a bunch of times, but just stumbled upon this little Whitman-loving spot this year. I absolutely adore the writing theme present throughout the space, from the literary menu to the vintage typewriters lining the walls. It's very charming!
I had a Moscow Mule which was delicious. I THINK I also had a "Death In The Morning" (absinthe and champagne). Tasty but a little too strong for me ... my own fault of course, the name speaks for itself.
We stopped here more than once during this trip. It's just a cozy little spot. Perfect to grab a drink, admire the books on the mantle and sit on a squishy chair by the fireplace. Friendly bartenders too!Wonderful quaint bar with cool clients and an incredibly charming staff. Chefon made me feel so at home. She's beautiful and very funny! She recommended the poutine, mmm. I wish I could stay in New Orleans forever.We stopped by for dinner, the food was great and the service excellent. The Whitman roast beef sandwich is delish! We got an appetizer, two sandwiches and three drinks for less than $30. Highly recommended!Cleanest bathroom in the quarter, felt like a laboratory. Best bloody Mary's ever. You got to love pickled green beans in a bloody.We traveled from sunny Dunedin Florida to find the perfect dive bar. After arriving in New Orleans someone recommended the Backspace Bar. After visiting a few places and being disappointed in their service, we arrived at Backspace with an open mind. Vinnie was the bartender and his hair was as majestic as the cocktails. He recommended many local shots but we settled on his signature spicy tequila spirit that knocked us off our feet. Morgan cooked us a fantastic meatloaf sandwich that rivaled anything I've had at the Cheesecake Factory. Wow, what a wonderful place, everyone who visits this majestic city needs to visit this bar!Nice local beer selection. Rotating NoLa Brewery tap. "Craft" cocktails average on the inexpensive side. Good food, with an all day breakfast option I greatly appreciate. Comfortable seating. If I didn't live on the opposite end of the FQ, I'd be there more often. Don't be alarmed when you see a cockroach. It's inevitable.Great little spot off the beaten path. Very laid back atmosphere. Since it was our first night back in New Orleans we didn't want to plan reservations anywhere not knowing what the night may bring. We ended up having dinner here and it was awesome. I personally ordered the red beans and rice which were awesome and the burger, also great. My fiancé ordered the meatloaf and It was amazing! I was also able to try the gumbo and it was delicious. Not a location you would expect great food, one guy in the kitchen and one bartender taking care of everyone. I would recommend stopping here while in town. Looking forward to going back to try one of their bloody Mary's everyone keeps raving about on here.Cozy place on charter street.
My burger was phenomenal!,  I went with a group of 6 and everyone loved there food and it was fairly priced. Very clean bar, great decor. The bartender was very nice and friendly. 
Great place.Kuddos to Chef Liz...her spicy creole mustard on the fried oyster roast beef sandwich was amazing!!!!Impressive food and drinks from what outwardly appears to be just another french quarter bar.  The pricing is way too low given the quality..but that's great for us patrons!  
Backspace Bar is open late and has a full kitchen until "at least" 4AM according to the bartender.  Cocktails are made from scratch from house-made syrups, fresh squeezed citrus, etc.  They're really affordable too!  A Pimm's Cup ran $5 or $6 at 1am, sans any sort of happy hour, and beers were ~$4, which were mostly local drafts.  
Food...so good I ended up here twice.  The roast beef sandwich (The Whitman) is one of the best sandwiches I've tried anywhere.  Seriously.  The Meatloaf was also good, but I didn't love it as I'm still not sold on anything that has the words "meat" and "loaf" combined together.  The grown up grilled cheese was just okay, however.  Also, fried pickles are $2.  $2??  Stupid cheap.  
Downside is that just like almost everywhere else down here, they allow smoking.  No smoking, and this is a 5* joint all day.This is a quaint little bar just down from Bourbon Street. Just far enough from the ruckus. Let me start by saying they, by far, had the coldest beer I've ever tasted. $3 Blue Moons.....say what?! Yes, please!  
My crew ordered the backspace burger minus the fixins but RAVED about how great the burger tasted.  I had the adult grilled cheese. Equally great.  I would given them 5 stars but the kitchen was a one-man-band so our food took forever.  Granted it was the day of the Alabama/Ohio State game, but  the place isn't that large. It was well worth the wait. So much so we came back on the January 2nd for our farewell meal. This time I ordered the Backspace burger with the works. OMG! Definitely a must visit.I would recommend the Backspace burger, without a doubt one of the best burgers ever! An iced coffee with Jameson and Baileys as well! Laura the bar tender was awesome and took care of us all! An off the main bourbon st path which makes this literacy themed bar amazing! We will be back!Loved this place.  The bartender was extra helpful and polite.  The atmosphere was laid back.  It did not feel like we were sitting in the middle of the french quarter.  The wings were tasty, but were a little undercooked.  My wife and I would definitely return.I love this place. One of the simplest and most well thought out and refined bar food menus in the quarter. I stop here on late night romps through town or like today, treat myself before a long night at work. Today I'm celebrating my free parking find with a ham and Brie with sliced apple on French toast and an incredible sazerac. It's a quite, comfortable and welcoming and with friendly and quick knowledgable service and laid back atmosphere, despite the chaotic surroundings. My usual favorite is the Hemingway Cuban but I also enjoy the meatloaf sandwich on occasion. Today I had my sights on something different but phenomenal. Now, it's off to work!This is such an awesome find. Their burgers are kick ass, their drinks are on point and the wait staff is awesome. I just told the waitress what kind of drink I like and she made the most amazing drink for me. And the backspace burger is so freaking good. JADOREI would say 2.5 stars but I'm being nice. I love this place & want it to succeed. It id very cozy and I love the atmosphere.  It's got really great potential as I love the names of famous cocktails, such as vieux carre' and the vesper, written on the board in front of me. But the bartenders really need to step up their game. I asked for an old fashioned and when I received it, I noticed that it was lacking bitters. I asked and received, no big deal. But, Then I tasted to find out that it had sprite in it.  Really guys?!  If y'all are going to be a late night service industry haven, lets get it together!  Other than that, I haven't tried the food yet but I heard it was good.I've been working week long Conferences in New Orleans for five years, and I'm no stranger to bars and restaurants here, and great service in New Orleans. The service industry is such a huge part of New Orleans, I've got nothing but admiration for the patience and hard work of servers. I had such a bad server experience at Backspace- it was bizarre, and seemed purposely directed, so much so that an acquaintance of mine also seated at the bar stepped in to call it out. 
After working 50 hours in 3 days at my Conference, I was super stoked to get a burger and a beer here after reading all the great reviews. Bellied up to the bar, asked for a menu, and ordered an Amber. It came in a plastic cup, which was the first strike when obviously dining in.  Then when I got my food, the bartender talked loudly about his bowel movements in front of me while I was eating, and joked about doing so. And here's when bad service felt like it was being done purposefully, I'm not a naive diner. My friend seated nearby comes to Backspace whenever he's in town, and called the server out (that's how obviously gauche the service was). 
New Orleans is great for its choices when going out, and I'm happy to Yelp about those great experiences, and spend my dollars elsewhere.The food and drinks were top notch. I ordered the backspace burger, my husband ordered the roast beef sandwich. The burger was delicious, the bread was incredible, all of the flavors combined wonderfully. His roast beef sandwich was the best he's ever had, and he highly recommends pairing it with the fried oysters. We first ordered drinks off of the specialized menu, and the bartenders were fantastic and suggested we choose otherwise. We got long island iced teas, and wound up staying for two because their sour mix was freshly made and made the drinks delicious. We will be going back there by the end of our stay.My boyfriend and I went to this bar after leaving a show at House of Blues. It was a short walk and an easy decision to go into the bar. It looked so cozy and welcoming. There was a fireplace and not too many people. The bartender was conversational and respectable at once. I ordered the vegetable sandwich with no cheese. It came out with cheese (a common mistake) and the bartender was extremely accommodating and apologetic. We enjoyed Moscow Mules there all night by the fire and didn't want to leave.Great little bar and restaurant. The bartender was beyond great, he was Superb. An artist. Go in and ask him for his favorite cocktail. You will not be disappointed. 
The food was uniformly good. Cajun Piutine wa probably the best of the bunch. Our entrees were both good  dessert was an afterthought, and probably best gotten elsewhere.Chill bar, perfect for a quiet Monday night. Sidecar was great and chips with salt and pepper the perfect foil for a sweet drink. Wish we'd discovered it earlier in our trip.Backspace Bar is a solid bar with some good food options.  It is a nice quiet vibe which is really nice opposite those loud Bourbon Street bars.  We wanted a snack and had the BLT which was very good and some drinks- I would say my margarita was little heavy on mixer but we liked the place over all.Soooo we stumbled across this spot due to a recommendation by a local at a strip club. It's a smaller size bar, but its so quaint & has a speak easy feel once inside. 
Food: All I can say is DAAAMMMNNN. Hands down this is THE best burger & grilled cheese I have EVER had. My fiancee dragged the chef out the kitchen to praise him for the deliciousness we experienced. All imma say is whoever thought of brie cheese on a burger was simply brilliant! 
The staff was on point with service & made sure we were taken care of. Be warned though - do not expect your food to come out within minutes. The food here is made with love & care. It took us about 40mins to get our food for a table of two; but totally worth the wait. 
This will be a staple bar/restaurant to visit every time I visit this magical city! 
Thank you Back Space!This bar is my favorite one we went to in NOLA.  The food was good, the atmosphere is phenomenal a writers theme, there are even books.  Our bartenders, Corey & Erica were friendly, fun, & attentive. We couldn't have asked for better service.Backspace really is an oasis in the Quarter and all its mediocre (at best) food and drink options.Super chill local joint with excellent bar/casual food, a cool cocktail menu, and great bartenders.  They will take care of ya!  Exactly what I was looking for to enjoy a yummy lunch and just kick it in the Big Easy!Nice little bar with good food. The bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is great.Tasty food, a bit local a bit gastro. Great drinks and wonderful service from a lovely ladyBeyond impressed our first trip to new Orleans and i must say i am a hardcore critic of food and how it tastes and how the people serving me are. And man o man i felt right at home layout is so homey and fun. The people here are amazing fun and just all around wondeful. The food is top notch it really brings me to a place in many books that you wish you could eat at. If you dont try it you're a fool.Tasty food and super friendly service! Stop here if u r looking for a cozy spot to chill!Oh yum.  I like the ambiance in here.  I had a couple Abitas and the roast beef, which was amazing- served on fresh bread with a gravy and also oysters.  I scarfed the whole thing down, practically in one bite.  
Aside from kicking myself for forgetting to pick up a matchbook to add to my collection, this was an A+ experience.Backspace came to our rescue when we landed late into New Orleans after our flight from Chicago was delayed. We were hungry and needed a drink and Backspace was our saviour. The bar is a cute and cosy space, the bartender was friendly and funny. And the food was good! I wasn't super hungry so got a snack of the poutine chips. The bf wanted something more substantial so he got the BLT. The poutine was really good, surprisingly so. And hit the spot as a great midnight snack. The bf also enjoyed his BLT. I ate a couple (probably more) of his fries on the side and can confirm those were tasty too. Overall it was a fantastic welcome to the Big Easy.Great Vesper Martini, okay gumbo, kinda cool atmosphere. I probably won't go back but it was a good place to stop in.Loved it! Great little bar where the locals hang out. Very friendly bartender named Sarah, she was awesome. Not a place where bros hang out which is AWESOME!Vinnie is the best!!! By far the best bar in New Orleans!! Fast service and great burgers. The gimlet and Mary Pickford were delicious.What a great little bar! Our bartender Sarah was very attentive. My beer was never empty! The food was amazing throughout my little group. I ate the Grown Up Grilled Cheese, adding bacon AND avocado because ... why not? It was cheesy in the best way. I love this little place surrounded by typewriters and books.Someone who reads my reviews may be sensing a theme: dive bars. And yeah, I like paying a little and getting a lot. This place was good. The bartender scoffed at the cocktails on the menu, which was perfect, because we didn't see a damn thing we liked. He made us his own special tequila drink with hot sauce and pineapple juice which was actually incredible--I had two. I also ordered their grown up grilled cheese. I get that grilled cheese is easy as pie to make, but I'll be damned if it wasn't the best grilled cheese I've ever tasted. All of this and the price was RIGHT. I strongly recommend.Nice for the laid back approach. Burger was delicious. The service was not so great. The margaritas were not too tasty. The furniture and room to move around was not there it's very crowded and loud.Casual mellow bar with good drinks and an even music (Indie rock persuasion).  On the recommendation of our waitress at SoBou, we stopped by Backspace Bar for a cucumber margarita to start off our night of more excessive drinking.  The place was fairly empty at 9:30pm so we grabbed a table and ordered two rounds of margaritas and fireball shots.  The margarita was tasty and well-balanced (hence the second round).   I still can't get over the lower drink prices in NOLA compared to LA-- I think for all the drinks (there were four of us) came out under $58.  Good place for a group to chill and start off your night.Very cool neighborhood bar. Just stopped in for drinks, the bartender was very friendly and I had a great Moscow mule. Smoking is allowed inside, which I think is the only drawback.K was telling me about the grilled cheese here being good, but I'm a bigger fan of the BLT (who woulda guessed that I would prefer a dish with pig in it?). Also, the housemade chips!
I'm reading that the burger is good, so next time, I may try one.
Great to have as a late night option.This place is really great - they have amazing prices, great drinks and the best burger ever. They have $3 baits on tap, $4 cocktails/mixed drinks and they do a great job. The bloody marys here are amazing and its a really cute atmosphere.  
My only complaint was the bartender that was there the second night we went to this bar - she made pretty bad drinks and asked us to serve other customers? She also threw out the recyclables and didn't wash her hands before she went back to serving.  We were super grossed out and left immediately.I heard a lot of good things from fellow yelpers so I thought when visiting the French Quarter for the first time with my wife, we should stop in.  What we experienced needed to be shared with you all as a counterpoint to your rave reviews.  First, we walked in to the smell of stale beer, akin to the smell of a frat house on Sunday morning.  Next, we sat down at the bar and waited to be acknowledged by the staff, which we weren't.  What we were welcomed by was a lovely little roach crawling around the bar top.  So, it was a blessing that we were ignored by the staff because it saved us from an overall unclean experience.Came here for some late night eats. My boyfriend ordered the adult grilled cheese. We all know that's an oxymoron. I ordered the veggie croissant sandwich(forget the official name). We are still disagreeing on whose meal was better. I think it's actually ending our relationship, but anyway don't be scared to try. If you both order the veggie croissant sandwich, you'll both have the best meal and your marriage won't be ruined arguing over who had the better sandwichPlace has a great vibe, with a competent bartender it'd probably be great.  Female bartender told us to wait and she would take our orders when we were standing at a place that says "order here."  That did not happen.  She didn't apologize at all, was extremely cavalier about it.  She flatly refused to make all but one of the cocktails available at this cocktail bar.  If I could only accomplish 1 in 10 tasks required for a job I wouldn't have a job.  I'd send someone to this bar only as a prank.
Also they didn't spell Yuengling correctly in the menu which is great use of irony for a literary themed bar.Was welcomed by a friendly bartender that made excellent suggestions. Thoroughly enjoyed my Moscow Mule and chicken caprese sandwich. A nice respite from the craziness of Bourbon.I'm having a chill evening with the most warm and welcoming bartender, Lydia. I was sent over by the local cigar shop. We are happy to spend some time here. Hubby & I are chillin in NOLA.This is a real cool little bar, in the land of a million bars.  This one is worth a stop in.  It's real cozy, they have 3 casino machines and a pretty good menu.  But the best thing about this place is the drinks.
I'm a Stoli and club soda girl, this should be an easy drink to make, but so many people screw it up with to much soda or to much Stoli or a dirty glass.  This one was perfect and reasonably priced ( I can't remember how much, maybe it was stronger then I thought).  Another remarkable thing was the bartender found out I had never had a hurricane drink in New Orleans and gave me a little taste.  It was actually pretty delicious!
I had a BLT sandwich, it was very fresh and not covered in grease, which is hard to find in a small bar around Bourbon St.  I would definitely check this place out again next time I am in town.I came here over Thanksgiving weekend.    If you wanna get off the beaten path swing by and grab a drink or two here.    Great Cajun poutine and a fun time.    My favorite bar in New Orleans by far and Vinnie is by far my favorite bar tender.   No one I've met on my travels has been as knowledgable as him and Patrick.    Do yourself a favor and stop in here for a few, you regret it.Cozy. Open. Has character. Cool red leather couches. Dark wooden beams. Everything affordable. The Leinies Summer Shandy was a great surprise.This was a decent burger cooked correctly to medium rare but only including chips as a side. The mixed green salad was out of a box with wedges of tomato. Why did I have to ask for water, ketchup--and a fork a knife for salad (which were plastic)? Lackluster beer selection. To get the check I had to yell across the bar to get the social talking bartenders attention. Water wasn't  refilled. All in all not great.The lady bartender working Saturday night was efficient, friendly and wonderful! The fantastic choice in music was kept at a perfect level, the cocktails were super good and the whole bar just felt really well kept and warm. It's just dive-y enough to be relaxed but they take their brews and drinks seriously. It's a great medium spot. I didn't try the food but from what I saw it looked really tasty.I keep returning here because Lydia and Laura are THE best bartenders.  Always a friendly greeting and excellent service. The chef is also just as delightful just like her food.   Personally, the grown up grilled cheese is my fave.  Although I must say it's all good.  My work crew (#csk) is not the only crew that frequents during lunch.  I see many others from Canal Place in here as well. I've turned many friends on this place.  It's difficult not to rave.  Keep up the fantastic work!!I got to new Orleans late, had no idea where to go.  Backspace was the first bar I stopped in, quickly I made friends with the bartender everyone called swede. After two beers he knew I was a bud light drinker and kept my beer full the rest of the night/morning.  I asked him what he recommended in the menu and he suggested the meatloaf sandwich, it was delicious.  Overall the beers were reasonable, the food was adequately priced and the music swede was playing on the radio kept everyone engaged.  I highly recommend backspaceSeriously slow service.  So bad that I  walked out.  I walked in and sat at a bar 50% full.  She took about 10 minutes to come to our area of the bar and when she did, she refilled drinks for the people next to me and didn't even look at me.  The bartender can't manage her time and cannot multitask.  I never got a drink and left. I made sure people looking at the menu outside heard about it as I walked out.   Jimani bar next door served me quickly and had great food.I love this place so much. Me and my girlfriend grab something to eat there at least 3 times a month. We always go and get the same thing, two chicken caprese sandwiches. But our recent time going, we order to go, the waiter charged us $9 more than it was suppose to be. The next time we came we asked the bartender about it and she confirmed that we was over charged but it wasn't much we can do. Real shitty bartender and should be fired if he's over charging just to picket the money. Don't think I will return.Very cool place! Friendly bar service and good prices. Tried a Moscow Mule for the first time. Great place!THE BUGER IS FOR REAL! vibe is great, straight New Orleans. It's real people. I'm eating my burger and drinking my Gina Ricky as I'm writing this post. Staff is great and real. Everyone is nice, but expect a jab here and there if you decide to order a girl you drink lol. Good time! Again the food is great!!!! Like really good. THIS IS A NEW ORLEANS MUST DO.Came in today for a quick bite and a drink
The red headed bar manager was so rude
She was very vulgar, had no concept of time management, and the drink she made me was not what I ordered. I wouldn't recommend this place to the homeless people outside..Here for lunch and got a BBQ sandwich and fresh cut fries, was awesome. Great service and atmosphere.Small, off the beaten path. Great place for some traditional cocktails and a good way to avoid the Bourbon street crowds if that's what ur looking for.
For what they're trying to do- 4 stars!I've only been here twice I had a Bly and cosmos they were awesome.. Will be backNice little dive bar with a fireplace (it was cold when we were there). Good service, cheap drinks. We came here a couple times during our trip.
The best sandwich I ever had was here. It was the French Toast Brie/Apple/meat sandwich. OMG. I was floored that this little joint had this sandwich. Talk about surprised! I could eat that all the time.
I would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for the Moscow Mule. Was not made properly. Tasted like pure lime juice.Good late nite spot for cheap Abitas ($3) and great comfort/drunk food. The Whitman ("Our take on a roast beef sandwich with fried oysters: Roasted beef tenderloin tips, fried oysters, and Swiss cheese, lettuce & tomato on Ciabatta with gravy") has to be one of the best sangwiches in the city. The meatloaf, étouffée and red beans and rice are also recommended. Swede the bartender is good people. Another good sign: service industry peops coming here after their shifts are over.
Overall, solid place to hit for late nite comfort food or one last drink before heading back to your Canal St/CBD hotel.I came for lunch and had the Cuban. Lots of bread with little meat. Average at best. The "grilled vegetables" on the side were steamed frozen vegetables. Really disappointing especially given all the positive reviews.Saturday evening we swung in here round 1am for some late night bites. Great staff and excellent food. The meatloaf sandwich was a hot with our group ms the bacon on the hamburger was thick and juicy. Not too pricey and just great food :)Found this restaurant in the New Orleans dining guide. I'm a writer, so the concept sounded fun. Not only was the ambiance right up our alley, but the food was amazing and our server, Tracy, was awesome. We had the Cuban sandwich, the Cajun Poutine, a  Scorpion cocktail, and a Death in the Afternoon cocktail. I recommend all of them. I also bought a William Faulkner T-shirt on my way out. Great music, too. Highly recommend.Really great writer/Hemingway theme. Good bar food and is open late. Even sometimes has a fire. The only reason it doesn't get 5* is because several times now I've had less than personable bartenders. Still worth going to, though.My boyfriend and I visited this bar twice while on vacation in New Orleans. We never tried any food, but drank a few beers and had a cocktail. The bartenders were really friendly and made local suggestions on places to dine and things to do. We liked the laid back atmosphere of this place because everything else in the French quarter was so busy and flashy. Would recommend for a few beers and good conversation!Anyone from NOLA will tell you, no two gumbos are alike. The hard part about finding good gumbo is you have to try some bad ones until you hit the jackpot. Well after 4 or 5 failed gumbos, a local recommended Backspace for gumbo.Finally we hit the jackpot, the best flavor gumbo we had the entire trip. Everyone has their favorite, but for us this hit the spot and blended all the flavors just right. Oddly enough the red beans and rice was also spot on as well. Great find for not just late night food, but for great food anytime. Rarely do I give 5 stars, but when I do it is deserved.Hubs and I went to eat and grab a drink last night at about 8 maybe. Wasn't too busy, normal amount of people. Our blonde waitress gave us menus and I ordered a beer to start and my husband said "I'll have a water to start while I decide what else I want." She brought my beer and never came back. She was literally 5 feet from us eating food, joking with customers, even making eye contact with me while I was holding up the menu. & nothing.. about 20 mins went by and she walked past us to go out to smoke. That's when we just had to go to the bar and pay for the beer and leave. We couldn't believe it.If the female bartender with the dark black hair working this past Sunday at lunchtime does not own the place I would seriously consider whether I wanted her working for you.  Because you lost the business of nine very generous girls who were about to have lunch and drinks.
As a group we had been there Sat night and had awesome food and a great time and I had left my cell phone behind.  I called Sun morning to ask if anyone had found a cell phone and the person who picked up said yes.  I wasn't just walking in to pick up my phone an hour later, we were going to eat and have drinks.   
The bartender changed all of that by being patronizing, ignoring not just us but most anyone who approached the bar to get service.  Once we sat down at a table two of us stood at one end of the bar to try to attract her attention.  After 15 minutes my friend ordered a drink and sandwich and she didn't as much as look at me, knowing we were with the same group.  I was about to place an order for 8 more drinks and 8 more meals.  She left, made my friend's bloody mary and when she came back I said I'd left my phone the night before and she asked me to describe it.  I said it was black, an android...she said does it have a case?  I paused but said no and she asked again for a better description and then asked, "why don't you know what kind of phone you have."  Not that I even expected to have to waste her time to explain - I said I bought the phone for $40 the day before because I'd broken my phone and it was a stand in for the wkend until I got my new one delivered.  She looked at me and said, "I don't care what the fuck you paid for your phone.  If you can't prove its yours I'm not just handing it over." As a business owner I would've fired her on the spot.  Leaving my phone there did not warrant her harassment, asking one of my friends to call my phone would've solved the situation entirely.  She had one of the worst attitudes I've ever come across.  
I maintained my calm because I was grateful to have found my phone and I want to thank whoever set it aside at the Backspace for me Sat. night.  She didn't let me say anything else and let me stand there at the bar for another 10 minutes while she waited on other people until finally she picked up my phone from beside the cash register and shoved it down the bar to me.
You lost our business and the only reason was her shitty service and attitude.I called to ask a question about their menu.. before I could get to even saying to menu item, the lady who picked up hung up on me. ???? Why even pick up the phone?..Had BLT, bread too thick, bacon tasty. Beer prices better than average at $3 at lunch.Cool literary-inspired bar with hip bartenders and staff who welcomed us weary travelers. Great to find custom-made drinks and food served late night. Bookcases have been transformed into bar displaying vintage typewriters. Cocktails draw from literary references. Rogues gallery of authors on the wall. But hey, after a 12-hour travel day it was all about the martini and scrumptious BLT after 11 pm. "America has only three cities: New York, San Francisco, and New Orleans. Everywhere else is Cleveland." (Tennessee Williams) Cheers!Another good Quarter spot with good food, good drinks, and great conversation.  I usually meet other people who also live in the city and have a good time sharing stories over beers and shots.  It's a great bar to look around and take in the way they've decorated it as well.We searched yelp and found this jewel. Was kinda over the creole thing and needed a good burger. Best place ever. I actually opted for the Korean BBQ skewers and grilled veggies. Best damn decision I made in three days. Even though they were small they were delicious.  Hubby had regular burger with chips. He loved it. The chips were so good, yep ate a couple of his. I must mention the waitress, Chelsea is super nice and very knowledgeable on the menu. My advice is go with her  suggestion.Cool place. Gumbo was good. Very casual and laid back feel. Wife and I both had ham, Bree and apples on French toast. It was mega good. Not a ton of food options but what they had was mighty tasty and really comfortable settingEating dinner and two mice run across the floor. I tell the waitress and she says, "Welcome to New Orleans. You're lucky they weren't rats." Disgusting. Unacceptable.The Whitman with fried Oysters was good and the service was prompt.  I will definitely return on this trip to NOLA or the next.Probably the friendliest bar I've ever been to. 
I discovered Backspace Bar when I was working in the quarter and needed a hearty late night meal post-shift. Their sandwiches, like their bartenders, are delightful. The Ham & Brie Apple French Toast was what hooked me, but I've also had the Chicken Caprese. Both are very cheesy, flavorful and come with their delicious house made kettle chips. I docked one star because the french toast sandwich has tasted inconsistent, at times. Nonetheless, they win me over with their consistently good vibes and mostly delicious grub.
Definitely a place I'd recommend to visitors who are looking for an everyone-knows-your-name type of bar even when they've never been there.Busy Essence Festival weekend. Everywhere was packed. I happened to Yelp Burgers nearby and this place was in walking distance. It was the middle of the day and luckily this place had no wait. The burger was amazing! The bartender and cook were kind and friendly. If you're in Nola make sure to stop in and try a burger. You won't be disappointed.Nice divey little spot.  Bartender was very friendly.  Didn't eat here, but sat by the window for a good spell waiting for the rain to pass.  Would go again for no-pressure drinks.So upon walking in the atmosphere is very clean and reserved. It looks nice an their organized selection of alcohol looks good. Being in the service industry here in New Orleans I know the deal with bars that serve food. I went to the bar and tried to order a simple champagne cocktail. Both bartenders looked confused so I changed it to a mimosa and it turned out their champagne was warm. 
Not totally turned off yet we ordered food and it took a long while with about 5people in the place. When we got it it was ok but nothing spectacular. It really seemed like the staff didn't really know what they were doing. 
Overall it wasn't the worst experience but with the choices available in this city I'd say not really worth the time.The thanksgiving sandwich is awesome. Too bad it's only for a limited time.
This place is pretty chill and friendly.My girlfriend had the French 75, which was undrinkable with a capital U.  Thought it would be a literary bar.  Was a crappy dive (and I like dives normally) with a few typewriters strewn about.  Awful!!After returning to Backspace after a disappointing burger I was delighted to find the juicy, Brie, caramelized onion goodness I had first so thoroughly enjoyed. Thanks to the management for the exceptional customer service and to Laura for the delicious Pimms Cup. See you soon BackspaceBEST RED BEANS N' RICE !!  Also safe for vegans. Has a hickory smoked taste to it. Gotta love it!  Bar is nice and cozy. Bathrooms didn't work last night both were shut down. Wish they had a bigger beer selection.This is a great little place for drinks and a quick dinner. The Midnight in Paris drink was delicious, and the poutine was great as well. Nice hidden gem!For a corner bar atmosphere in the quarter, this ranks number 1.  No pounding techno music, in fact the bartender keeps a great playlist going just loud enough.  Theres a fireplace with two dilapidated charming arm chairs if you can get them.  The food is off the charts and you simply want to try everything Liz the chef brings out.  We watched the patriots game there on new years eve and just felt like home.  Shivonne, the bartender literally handles the front of the house and bar all by herself and shes pretty fun. Amazing job considering how many folks wander in and out all day..we were in awe.  The grown up grilled cheese is my fave but the blt, the burger, the homemade chips..all that corner bar food we all love without the hype.  We went back to watch the bowl games on new years day and it was just as delightful..shivonne is now our fave bartender in nola!  Great fun if you like the "Cheers" type bar.
Try Backspace, even if its crowded you will end up with a seat soon and its worth it.  "Close the door"!Wandered in solo at 10pm on Thursday. Took a seat at the bar. Service was prompt, ordered an absinthe champagne cocktail and the burger sans bacon. 
The burger is so good it made me angry. Like- what's the deal, New Orleans? Why is your food so good? I hail from a foodie town and this-- this is flavor. I desperately wished I was with someone so I could make them taste and fall in love with what I was eating. 
The kitchen manager hand forms all the burgers into perfection. It's working, Backspace! Keep it up.Great bar. Red headed bartender was good and almost funny. Get the lasagna, delicious.  Definitely come in for it. Best food I've had in the quarter.Great local bar off the beaten path of Bourbon St! St. Party's Day with $5 Jameson all monthFood was typical  are Foose but actually really good. Ask for the grownup grilled cheese & Moscow mule!I was excited that they had vegetarian options. Unfortunately, the Grilled Veggie sandwich was awful. It consisted of a small variety of veggies that seemed fresh out of the freezer and into a microwave. Mushy carrots and broccoli? No thank you! Add that the bread was soggy quickly. 
As a local vegetarian I really wanted to add to the place I can eat. So disappointed
2 stars for the space, drinks, and that they did a Hobbit Day event.This place is great! I had the roast beef and it was amazing! My husband had the meatloaf sandwich and said it was very good! I waited at the bar for our food to go and the bartender was awesome and very friendly. We will be back!O Lordy. This place is the most awesome bar and food in the FQ. Chelsea is best bartender. She's a big deal and any drink she makes you will be the best. Back porch burger and whitmans roast beef were best I have very tasted. Hot this place if you have some time. O and a hell yeah on the gumboMy brother and I stopped in here after a cold day of walking tours and overpriced food. It was exactly the bar we wanted--cheap, fast, with a nice bartender, and cozy warm with a fire in the fireplace! We sat and drank $4 glasses of wine in armchairs by the fire while watching Sunday Night Football. Nothing short of awesome!Great place for late night eats.  We had a burger with House-made chips, and it was spot on.  Best food you can get after midnight. The bartender was friendly.  The tunes were in the Nirvana genre.  Approved!This place is awesome.  Friendly staff and customers.  Good prices.  Sometimes have to wait a bit to get service, but it's never too bad a wait.  Food is tasty; comfortable, homey vibe.  Not as touristy as many New Orleans bars in this area - a lot of the industry folks come here for an after-work beverage.  
Top marks.Delicious!! The burger and the meatloaf sandwich hit the spot, great atmosphere and even better food.Good drunk food - good drinks. I'm happy I found this place at 3:30!  The BLT was awesome. It's a bit off the main strip - but it's worth it.2legit2quit. My burger was amazing and complemented my beer. Friendly staff, quaint and off the grid. Wish this place was by my house.Saturday evening we swung in here round 1am for some late night bites. Great staff and excellent food. The meatloaf sandwich was a hot with our group ms the bacon on the hamburger was thick and juicy. Not too pricey and just great food :)Great atmosphere, almost completely safe from French Quarter riffraff. The food can not be beat, especially for the price. There's just usually one guy working in the kitchen so that affects the timing when the bar is busy but that's what beer is for and they have the best beer prices in the quarter. The bartenders play their choice of music and this is the best place to come for 90s nostalgia in that regard; singing while eating has been tolerated.Lydia is AMAZING! She accommodated our huge amount of people and was FABULOUS ! Kind, friendly, bubbly and so creative with her suggestions for our drinks! We had a great time and we actually returned to backspace bar every night of our trip because of her!!! Thanks Lydia!!! Luv ya! From your Ohio crew xoxoxFresh squeezed juice makes all the difference when you're ordering a vodka OJ. They've got the best grilled cheese sandwiches with gruyere, Swiss, cheddar, and Brie. Both Robert and Swede take excellent care. Great place to catch locals afterhours.Truly one of the highlights of my too-short trip to New Orleans.
In need of a quick lunch before the concert we were attending that evening my wife and I opened up Yelp and found this place a couple of blocks from our hotel.
To set expectations from people who are not native to New Orleans - this place is a bar.  The "kitchen" in the title might imply that they have a restaurant addition to the facility - but they do not.  They've got 3 or 4 tables and the bar to sit at.  My one and only complaint about Backspace - if you're there to eat, grab a table.  We sat at the bar and the shape of it - with a big hump right at the edge - makes grabbing things from the plate awkward.
Everything else was great.  The bartender was friendly and informative.  The food was WONDERFUL.  My wife had the best meatloaf sandwich she had ever tasted.  I grabbed a bite and immediately regretted my choice of a cuban sandwich (the cuban wasn't bad by any means, but simply didn't compare).Delicious meatloaf sandwich add cheddar cheese. Wouldn't have ordinarily picked a sandwich like this but the menu is small with limited options. However, their take on ordinary foods is awesome and it pushed us to try something new. Would have liked to have fries as an option but the chips were good. Service was great and bartender makes a great Bloody Mary!Awesome space, awesome burger! Fast service as well! A must if you're wanting a chill place to eat or drink in NolaGreat service from the bartender.  However, the burger was overcooked and the fries so crispy they hurt my mouth.  Same for the grilled cheese and BLT that the other members of my party had.  Maybe just an off day - but would not go back.If you're looking to go have fun and good food at any time of the day or after hours then Backspace bar and kitchen is the rite one! Drinks ... music and good food at the same time! Bartenders are fast and you never wait in your food more than 10 minutes! Plus that you'll get to know a lot of locals that go there and the place is safe ! Highly recommended !!I was already in love with the cocktails at this quaint bar. And I was floored and amazed when none other than Ina Garten, of Food Network fame, served us that evening's special....LASAGNA! It was delicious and I now understand it is now going to be a regular menu item. It should not be missed. 
Chevonne the bartender recommended it and makes it herself sometimes.Nice little place to stop in and have a drink...although there are thousands in New Orleans. Delicious Moscow mule for a refreshing summer drink!!We just got off a long flight and checked into the hotel for the conference. This place was right around the corner. The food was mostly sandwiches and completely amazing. Great late food in large portions!This is usually our last stop after work on Wednesdays. We mostly come in because we love the bartenders, Corey and Jai. These guys are the reason we are here two to three times a week. The food quality has also recently improved so we also eat here more often now. Our only complaint is PLEASE GET SOME MORE PEST CONTROL! I know it's the French Quarter but the bug situation is worse here than most places.A cute space with more than ample seating. Plenty of delicious signature cocktails and the food is good as well. The chicken caprese sandwich with a side of veggies is my go to option.Food (roast beef sandwich) was outstanding, but service wasn't the greatest. The meal was delivered fairly quickly, but the server (bartender) lacked the character I most appreciate about dining in New Orleans.My friends and I were able to snipe three seats at the bar after the Sugar Bowl,  so we felt lucky since all the Alabama fans were drinking away their sorrows! The bartender was very patient with us since we hadn't had a chance to look at the menu when we sat and gave suggestions that, upon drinking,  we're spot on.  We only had the red beans and rice with sausage,  so I can't really comment on the food, and since I haven't had enough of that plate to know what is truly "good"  all I can say is,  "mmmm,  salty."  
I would say that this is probably a better spot for a couple quick drinks or a to-go drink,  though I felt like the prices were higher than some of the other bars around at around $8-$10/drink.We ended up stopping in here every day during our trip. We found it by accident- we were actually trying to walk to another bar on "the list." But it was pouring, we'd been up since 3AM and just gotten off a plane, and we just wanted to sit down, get dry, and have some drinks. Food is fantastic, the staff is AWESOME, and their prices are reasonable. Can't recommend enough.Redhead bartender is amazing. Personable, intelligent, and easy on the eyes. Will return.Stopped here after a local tour and had a late dinner. BLT was amazing! Housemate spicy mayo - off the hook! 
Definitely come back to this spot!Burgers were phenomenal, despite being under cooked. I suggest asking for a higher heat than you normally prefer - medium was bloody pink and medium well was light pink. They serve the burgers cut in half so you would think the chef would have not served them that way. We tried the backspace burger and a build your own. Amazing! The chips were also great as were the drinks. The bartender was wonderful and very helpful.This was my first experience at Backspace. I was really excited about going. I wondered how I had never noticed the place being it had four stars and a number great pictures. Needless to say my experience wasn't as great. Though I did really enjoy the setting and the crowd was friendly. Unfortunately the male bartender with brown hair and a ponytail was not as great. He tried to be cordial but there was still an attitude and a bit of sarcasm. His response to what his recommendation would be was "what did the reviews say." So much for a friendly conversation. 
As for the food, I had the meatloaf sandwich. It wasn't even sub par. The overall sandwich was dry and the bun stale. I was anxious for a mouthwatering meatloaf sandwich and ended up with an overpriced meal. 
In addition to this my girlfriend says she has been there once and had the burger. She did say it was good however would still only give it two stars due to the smoky atmosphere and slow service.
--------
I appreciate the fact that back space wrote me with a desire to set things right. I am anxious to see that happen.My husband and I stopped in here for a quick drink and ended up having a nice meal. They serve breakfast all day so he enjoyed that with a beer. I had the apple and Brie sandwich, which was very tasty and filling. I would recommend this place for a casual drink and bite while strolling.I'm feeling this place. It's divey (ish) with good bar food. Given all of the options nearby, I would definitely choose this over any of them. I also got a $4 glass of decent wine. Oh, and you can smoke inside. I'll be back.Seriously!!!!!!!!
Simple and straightforward
Backspace Burger is honestly one of the best burgers everService is bad. What is the point of having tables if no one is going to service them. We had to yell our order to the bartender over the loud music. He messed it up anyways and spilled the food on me without offering extra napkins. My friend ordered a Cuban that never came. The gumbo soup wasn't that great and the chicken was good but no substitutions. Menu was small. Music was not great. This other guy who was not with us ordered breakfast and he complained bc he got a piece of bacon that was so tiny (smaller than his pinky nail!) this place is just not worth it. Service, food, music, and atmosphere was off. The only thing I can say is that we did go on a Sunday night so maybe there were just not doing so great because it was not a Friday or Saturday night but they still should have tried a bit harder to maintain consistency.Slipped in here for lunch while at a conference near by and was pleasantly surprised.  Great space with some fantastic designs--the antique typewriters were a nice touch. I got the BLT and it was pretty fantastic, I have to say. The bartender was really nice, the food came out quickly, and I had a delicious local beer to boot. Great space in the quarter to grab a bite that's not too expensive and is in a relaxing, friendly space.Great laid back place away from the touristy bourbon street crowd
Laura was so attentive and nice
Got the French 75- a high maintenance cocktail for a locals joint but she made it with a smile
Good beer selection
Didn't get the food because we had eaten already but the menu looked fantastic and I heard a bar neighbor raving about what they had..
The street outside was under construction so not a lot of clients... 
Don't get scared away 
This place has a great vibe and is worth climbing over the ditch in the road hahaI'd love to have this bar back home. I don't understand the literary tributes but I dig it, gives everything a cool vibe.What a shame.
I was quite eager to check this place out after considering it for a couple days. I wish I could say what the food was like, or that the drinks were good. Unfortunately the service and other patrons provided perhaps the single worst customer service experience I've ever had, and prompted me to, for the first time in my life, leave because of it.
I went late last night, around 1-2 AM, with my girlfriend and another friend. There were perhaps 7 other patrons at the bar, and the only bartender finished catering to another guest before walking over to us with an expressionless face and impatient demeanor. We had already had a couple drinks at a couple other places throughout the night, so while my friend and I wanted to try something different from our regulars at this point, my girlfriend wanted a water before she got her next drink.
The bartender asked my friend first (though most people know it's customary to take a lady's order first), and my friend asked about the pricing of a couple drinks, and then decided he wanted to go with a cheaper mixes drink, which prompted the bartender to nitpick exactly what he wanted in it, despite my friend's initial invitation for suggestions. Then he asked my girlfriend, who wanted a water. He scoffed and said "oh, so you're the DD." Uh, no, she just wanted a little hydration to go with her booze. Then he asked me. I was the most clear I could be and said I wanted to have something I haven't had before, and what the house drinks were. He paused for a second with an annoyed look on his face and pointed to the chalk board and said "there's some stuff on the board." Okay, smart guy, I was asking you, not the board, what you had to drink, rudeness unnecessary. So I asked if they do Irish coffee. "no." Okay, I asked for the drink at the bottom of their list. "we're out of ginger." Okay, so I asked for their house daqauri. He walks away and starts to make my drink, quickly, sloppily. Some fat man at the end of the bar made some abide comment "who's ordering a martini?" (because they served the daquiri in a martini glass...). The bartender said "its a daquiri." Michael Moore-ish guy says "what a bunch of fucking hipsters," to which the bartender quips "I know, right?."
Mind you, I'm a leather-jacket, leather boot, blue-jean wearing guy employed by a home inspection company. I listen to Ozzy Osbourne and Alice in Chains, not the Black Keys. At this point, I'm bothered, but my buzzed girlfriend was livid. She yelled at the fat man, who seemed to not notice.
The bartender did not ask us to keep a tab, he also did not ask for our ID's (we are 21, 22, and 23). He charged my card and handed me the check. $11 and change, I left a $2 tip, we chugged our drinks and decided to bail. It's a shame, I love burgers, I heard their drinks were great too, but you wont see me or any of my friends give this place a fair chance again as long as the balding red-head keeps a shift.
Steer clear of this place when he's churning them out.Stopped in at the end of the night. The place was recommended to us by some locals. I have very low expectations for late night food but was shocked how good everything was. I would definitely recommend this and go again. Music was good and staff was friendly.Excellent spot for a relaxing cocktail. The atmosphere won me over with its great music selection that was just the right volume so you could actually have a conversation with the person next to you. The drink menu and overall decor really complement each other with literary allusions abound.The red headed bar tender was so rude to the customers. The food was also terrible---I got a BLT and it legit had 1 piece of bacon.Stopped in for a burger about 9 pm ona Sarurday and there was no wait.  In fact we were the only people there for the first 15 min or so.  Really cool vibe with all the author photos and references, and service was ok.  Food was mediocre but not having to wait at that time of night was a big plus.  Overall we were satisfied with our quick visit here.This was our favorite watering hole during a recent stay in The French Quarter.  Vinnie and Latoya were super cool, and made us feel welcome and at home.  Patrick was really cool to us as well.  The drinks were great, no skimping on the booze, and very reasonably priced.  Ask Vinnie for his specialty, you won't be disappointed.  The food we had was pretty good, comfort food mostly, which hit the spot, given the condition we were sometimes in.  The homemade potato chips are delicious.  The soundtrack is awesome, much appreciated by two rockers from California.   Thanks guys, see you next time.This place is super tiny but it's unique. The cocktails are STRONG. I wasn't crazy about them but the burger was one of the best burgers I have ever had. Really enjoyed this hole in the wall.This is my favorite after work bar, but what is up with the corporate outfits all of a sudden? I miss Eddie's jellyfish shirt! Great bartenders, drab uniforms.The Whitman Roast Beef sandwich was fantastic. When in NOLA, yes I want fried oysters on my sandwich! A low key spot to grab a drink and some food.The food was delicious! Bartender was a great personality... I want to say his name was Vinnie. I would definitely recommend visiting this bar if you are in New Orleans!This place is great! We came here on a whim while at a conference- during Mardi Gras, no less- and pulled right up to the bar. The drink specials were awesome and the food was awesome! We had the chicken caprese sandwich and the grilled cheese-- they were both delicious! 
Definitely stop in here! Its a great, chill bar and you can't go wrong!Nice bar. Food good but a bit on the pricey side. But hey the rents can't be cheap here. 
Music great If you like less top 40 and more cure, red hot, Lou Reed etc... Me likeee.
All up a nice reprieve for the big kids from the normal French Q carry on. 
And yes the redhead is serving drinkAmazing cheeseburger and homemade kettle chips. Great for late night eats. Also, the drinks were fantastic. Bartenders and waitstaff were nice and welcoming. Cool writers theme.I was born & raised in the south but I've been out of the south for 3 years and as soon as I checked into my hotel I got the streets of NOLA & found this gem! Not only was the bartender awesome, the food was amazing. My friend and I loved the atmosphere, the drinks, and the food! The bartender, I can't remember his name, was hilarious and made my first bar visit/meal back in the south a treat!! It makes me ask myself why ever did I leave home! 
I had the Hemingway Cuban which was hands down the best Cuban I've had and I'm a huge fan of a Cuban sandwich! My friend had the short stack with bacon and loved it! The food is great and the prices are fantastic!Let me just say that Corey is amazing!!!  I appreciate him so much. He instantly happily greeted us. Got our order  in ASAP. Made amazing drinks. And introduced us to all his local friend. So fun!!!  Will be back here again every time I'm
Here!!!I love this place. It is one of my go-to spots for late night food or a good place to sit down and enjoy a drink with friends. Great prices, a relaxed atmosphere, and an excellent menu (get the grilled cheese with bacon) are reasons to go. The bartenders always keep me coming back. Pretty much all of them are great. Swede is one of the better bartenders there. He knows how to deal with all kinds of customers in all states of intoxication, plus he mixes great drinks. Sometimes I'll stay out a little later than I normally would just to hang out during part of his shift. 
I'll keep coming to this bar as long as they have great bartenders, great food, and a relatively small number of tourists.Quite little place in the busy French quarter with an awesome burger. Friendly, attentive service.Meatloaf sandwich is amazing!! I loved this place. They have a variety of sandwiches and sides for a casual dinner, and good beer selection. Off of Bourbon street a little bit, so a great place to start or end your night. I highly suggest giving this place a try.Good fried pickles. Great chill atmosphere and super comfy chairs. Women's restroom is a little claustrophobic, though.Really like this place. The Brie sandwich was delicious and my husband liked the Cuban. Service was great and they had the best Moscow Mule I had all weekend.Best bar in the French Quarter, hands down. It wasn't crowded, although that could have been because it was a Sunday afternoon. Fantastic music, delicious drinks, and wicked friendly bartenders. I wish we ate there because everything I saw coming out of the kitchen was mouthwatering, but the drinks were good enough for us. Ashley and Rob were amazing and fun and we had a great time hanging at this beautiful bar.The space is small but quaint and comfortable. Most spaces in New Orleans are smallish. I ordered the Whitman roast beef and it was delicious.Rude staff, poor service, food is hit and miss, when they bother to serve it.. This place needs to clean house and get some new servers .This is a great bar to just go in and relax. A little on the divey side but not gross or dirty. Depending on the bartender is how the music will go. Excellent burgers! Get the backspace burger and enjoy!!!Food was okay. I would of gave 4-5 stars for food, but the bartender was rude & very impersonal. I was there the night/early morning of 3-30 and I wish I went somewhere else.Ok place. Burgers were really good and it's very low key. Nice break from tourist places. Limited beer list and surely bartender are the cons.Good spot for a low key drink in the quarter. 
Stopped in with a coworker and his buddy who's a local cop. The area is not the greatest, from what the officer told us, but having walked it about 10 times I've never noticed. 
This is a small little divey place which was perfect to chill out and grab a few cold ones. We had the local stuff on tap which was a mix of the different Abita offerings and a few others I can't remember. The bar tender was a sassy hipster which played perfectly with the vibe and the mood we were in. She gave some good jabs and took a few as well. 
We had a few drinks each and then had the meatloaf sandwich which was tasty and the grilled cheese sandwich which was sufficient. All in we were out of there for under $50. 
I'd come back since it is low key and unassuming. Seemed more like a locals joint, at least as much as one can be in the quarter. Give it a look.Worth stopping by for a couple drinks or some quick food. Decent selection for the area, prices are reasonable. Smartass staff adds to the charm, for me at least. Refreshing after the touristy bars that treat you too civil. I'm not special, I just want a drink.mediocre place to kill two hours during off-meal hours as you wait for food.... highlights include watching people who came in after us order their food, eat their food, pay their tab, and leave- all in the time it took for us to not get our meal. we waited 90+ minutes, starving, before we left. I have low expectations for the french quarter during carnival but even this was below expectations.Meatloaf sandwich was awesome!! Quant little bar, good atmosphere. Menu selection was small, just a few sandwiches. Great place!Absolutely the best meatball sandwich I have ever had! Liz makes the best meatloaf there isNice little bar with some great food. Great spot for lunch or drinks. The staff was very nice. I got a blt which was good and it came with freshly cooked chips which were great. My wife got a grilled cheese and it was very goodLydia the bartender is super fun. French toast and Brie sandwich is bangin. Staff in general is chill and fun. Had a great hereOffers a great variety of food! They made the New Orleans experience fun and entertaining.Great, CLEAN restaurant in the midst of a lot of grubby places. I had a gin rickey and a roasted veggie sandwich. Everything was great!We found this quaint bar when waiting for brunch Saturday morning.  It instantly became or favorite soley from the awesomness of bartender Erica.  She was very welcoming, attentive and  had great conversation.  We came back multiple more times that weekend to start our days/evening there.  We will be back next time in NOLA.I agree that Vinny makes THE BEST Bloody Mary! My 5 girl friends were there over the weekend and hung out at Backspace. Great place! Great vibe! Absolutely the best Bloody Mary I've ever had!My girlfriend enjoyed their drinks but the food was nothing special. The gumbo was really tasty but the burger was just ok. The service didn't do it for me, the bartender looked annoyed by my questions and didn't really seem to enjoy anything which made it hard to take suggestions from her...Good food and decent service. Menu seemed pretty basic but worked out well for us. Not busy, which was great!Rad little bar on the edge of the quarter.  Went there for a late weekend lunch - very satisfied.  The decor is cool, ambience great (love doors wide opened).  The bartender took orders right away - she came to the table.  Beer is good and cold, sandwiches are stellar.  Chicken pesto on ciabatta had fresh, thick avocado slices.  Very, very good.  Food took a little while to come out (for which the bartender/waitress apologized) but it was worth the wait.  Also, as a random p.s., the music station playing was cool.I have been here twice in a month and the food & drinks have been awesome. This is the type of bar you would hope to find in any neighborhood. Unfortunately it is crowded by 50 hurricane bars, but that's what makes it a gem. The burger and Cuban were awesome. Gimlet was a great drink.Food was delicious. Had the fried pickles and grown up grilled cheese and both were awesome. Dinner for 2 was only !$30, a veritable bargain. Service was quick. Only negative--only a few small tablesGreat burgers, relaxed atmosphere,  good time!
Burgers were delicious  (mine had brie and onions and the sauce was really good).  We came in pretty late and bar was accomodating.  Nice spot to do a little people watching.Great place to hang out aftet hours. Burgers are excellent.  Relaxed atmosphere. Music perfect and not too loud like at the next door bar.Very convenient locationFun place, awesome grilled cheese sandwich and if you love absinthe, ie black licorice , they have one with champagne and absinthe that was pretty yummy! 
Loved the ambiance and seriously good vibes! This is a place to go back to.Hidden gem! We just happened to duck in here walking around during lunch time. We did not eat here, just sat in the comfy leather chairs (lucky us, there early) and watched football. BUT a lot of the locals who were working nearby were coming in to have their lunch, so I am guessing it is great.  :)  The bartender was lovely and the drinks were just what we ordered. We'll be back.Recommended by a local foodie friend for its vibe, relaxed seating and general ambience, not to to mention great drinks. Staff has been great! Mix if people tonight. Two ladies in fur coats/wraps. Low key vibe at the bar. A place I can see visiting many times now that I live here.This was my home away from home in New Orleans. Whether it was Lydia or Laura behind the bar they made us feel right at home. Liz the chef kept the standards HIGH yes it is bar fare but the sandwiches kept is coming back. Of note is the Whitman roast beef which is tender and amazing. 
The beer selection is good but they have a great cocktail selection. 
Food and drink aside I cannot stress enough the friendly and over the top service. If you want to go somewhere that they just take care of you and make you feel like your at home I cannot recommend the backspace bar enough.If you are looking for some last beers and some grub at the end of the night this is a good alternative to Bourbon St.
They are open until 5 am I think and they seem to get a nice flow of people through the late hours.
We went at 2 am and had their Cubano sandwich. The portion was massive and tasty and greasy as you would expect. It came with potato chips and we had a few beers from their draft selection. The staff was very friendly tooThis bar was a go to stop while visiting New Orleans. We spent 8 days in town and stopped in every day. Cheap drinks, great bartenders and incredible food. My husband loved the backspace burger, I really liked the chicken caprese sandwich with the veggies as my side option. Vinny, Corey and Chelsea made every visit better than the last. Ask for Vinny's specialty drink :) Backspace will definitely be the bar that I visit whenever I'm in town.On a chilly Sunday October morning I made the mistake of thinking that we may be the only people in New Orleans that would want to have a delicious brunch. Well guess what? We were greeted with "no room in the inn" and left to wander the barren streets in search of food and comfort. That is when our weary soles (of our feet) trekked into the Back Space where we were given food and comfort, in the form of Bloody Mary's. The bartender was friendly despite sharing our mutual hangover.
We ate well, the roast beef sandwich was undeniably delicious and I, as well as the bartender highly recommend it. It was just the right amount of ooyey gooey. If I were to order it again I would skip the tomato and lettuce but the sandwich did not disappoint. 
Thank you Back Space for not denying our weary souls.Way overpriced. I got less than half a rocks glass full for my "sazerac" specialty drink for $8. Seriously Im talking three sips and out.
They "didnt have champagne" for their #1 drink of Death in the Afternoon. Hence no drink for my girl.
It was 1p. How are you out of the most important ingredient of your #1 specialty? 
And the bartender was more worried about taking care of her industry friends in the corner than trying to help the customers understand anything about the indentity or specialties of this spot. 
I wanted to love you Back Space...but I just cant.maybe i dont know how it works here in New Orleans, or the states for that matter, so please correct me if im wrong. i went in here tonight on the way home from a meal to get a last drink before bed with my girlfriend and father.  i ordered 1 beer and 2 cocktails which took the bar man all of 3 minutes to make. 21 dollars. i left 2 dollars on the bar as a tip not thinking much about it at all and as i was about to walk away the bar man said "dont worry about it". confused i said oh,,,are you sure. thinking its only 2 dollars (like an idiot), to which he replied "take it back. thats an insult"
wait. what? please set me straight here and tell me im in the wrong because i think it was the most arrogant reaction from a very average barman. other wise, NOLA has been amazing, but that guy? find another job you donkey!what's not to love?
small and quaint.  sat right down.
food was super quick and super delicious.
i got the ham and brie apple french toast...
omg...droool....sooooooooo ammmmmazing!Great quiet spot to get away from the tourist crowds, bar tender really knows how to make a great recommendation, fair price but not cheapA great place for po' boys and drinks. We were in and out pretty fast, but I'm glad to have experienced that meatloaf sandwich. Yummm.Four stars only because there were smokers here. Apparently if most of your business is done in alcohol sales rather than food, people can still smoke in your bar, but this will be changing soon and I'll definitely be back. 
Fantastic spot on Chartres just east of Canal. Great music, great happy hour, and an amazing burger. Also, really comfortable chairs. Could have taken a nap.I was in new orleans the week leading up to easter sunday way back in 2013, 4 years later I can still remember what the layout of backspace looked like and remember my multiple experiences stopping in for food both seated and to go as I was staying at the hotel next to backspace. 
What makes this place one of the rare cases of my memory being the strongest is their bloody marys. I have yet to find another bloody that touches what I still to this day consider the best bloody I have ever had. 
many a time I pause and seriously consider making the 8 hour drive just for a bloody or 2 from back space. 
I finally am returning next month and I sure as heck will be returning.This was our first trip to New Orleans so we visited several bars and restuarants. Needless to say, we ended up finishing both nights we were down there at Backspace. The Bartender Shivonne was super friendly and even made suggestions to us on other places to visit. We got a couple of apps and they were great. The drink prices down there are about the same everywhere. What set Backspace apart was the environment. Everyone was friendly. No one got too loud. Just a really fun place to hang out and drink adult beverages. Our only regret was not eating dinner there as well, but there's so much to choose from in New Orleans and when you're only there a couple days, you have to branch out as much as you can. Highly recommend this spot!Good heavens! Check this out! From  California and just got in minutes ago. We came for a drink and we have a hand written list made for us. Sarah is a fantastic bartender and hostess! She gave us a list to go around town to go to. I am completely impressed. First time to New Orleans. I am so happy we cane here for our 10th wedding anniversary!I was not sure I was at the right place when I first entered, but the bartender was so inviting, nice, and friendly. Service was prompt. The food was delicious. The atmosphere was relaxed.Nathan is the best and sexiest bartender in the quarter! Fact.
His attention to detail and customer service are second to none. Promote ahead of peers.The "make your own burger" was just what we needed for our hangover.  I would have preferred fries over chips, but they were decent.  I'd recommend that they make dill pickle chips.Sunday night, 9 pm, last night of Jazz Fest.  Walked in, grabbed a tall table and chair in the back.  The few bigger, comfier tables in front were already taken.  Never having been there before, wasn't sure of the protocol.  
Cozy little place, liked the relaxing decor.  Bartender took my order, a meatloaf sandwich with cheddar, and a vesper martini.  The vesper was beautiful - tasted both floral and citrusy.  Food came quickly, and with house made chips.  Reminded me of Zapps.  Could taste garlic and spices in the meat, but I thought it could use a little salt.  Pickle spear was standard.  Filling sandwich, reasonably priced.  They forgot the cheddar, and charged me for it.  I didn't mention it, probably should have.  I don't sweat the small stuff, but I took their matchbook.  That makes us even, right? :)Late night snacks-
Hidden gem across the street from the New Orleans Marriott.  The pulled pork sandwich and Korean chicken satay were scrumptious.  The female waitress/bartender was a rock star running the entire front end, she was friendly and efficient.