This place has such a fun atmosphere. My friends and I stopped by for dessert the other night. We ordered the mint chocolate dome cake dessert. It was delicious! We sat at the bar and the staff was super friendly. My friend wanted him to surprise her with a dessert drink and he made her a grasshopper. She said it was the best drink she has ever had!Cute little shop.   Brunch is a must try.   The cakes are must try too.  The staffs are full of smiles and the coffee was great.  Fresh and bottomless.The vibe, music, friendly faces, and the FLITRY CAKE! This place was such a treat. Perfect for a night cap! You can have both treats and alcoholic beverages! My favorite cake was the pistachio cake slice and my friends LOVED the rainbow slice!Love the idea of having books in this bar! It's so generous and fun. We plan to both borrow and contribute by bringing more books when we return. The dobites are a great late night treat and my husband says his old fashioned was the best he's had! We really enjoyed this little bar!It's my first time here. A friend recommended it to me while i was visiting NOLA.  The staff was a AMAZING. From the gentleman who seated me to my waitress who made my first time memorable with even the little things. I didn't get her name but she has short blonde hair. I can't thank her enough.  I ordered banana bread pudding (not normally a fan of bread pudding) I'm so glad i did. It was delicious.I don't typically have a sweet tooth but when I crave dessert it's pretty serious. I found this gem on yelp and based on reviews I decided to try it out. The bartenders are polite and friendly, and they make awesome drinks! The deserts are to die for and are made fresh. Love the location and the inside looks super awesome! They have books and board games. Next time my late night sweet cravings kick in I will definitely go back. Thank you for staying open late!I came Monday night to try out this place since I was craving for dessert. I ordered the rainbow cake. It was very good and not too sweet except for the white icing that surrounds it. The place is very relaxing and chill.  They have other cakes on display but this one is the one I picked. I recommend it to everyone as well. Please try and go try their rainbow cake.Jordan, Faith, and Joe were amazing, and I LOVED the happy hour food. The current German happy hour menu is fantastic. I recommend it to anyone looking for a great, local NOLA bar with great food.I only had a piece of cake (the wedding rainbow surprise) so I can't comment on the other food or the cocktails. The doberge cake was really good, better than Gambino's I'd say and it seems like that have some really fun flavors. Unfortunately, it seemed like they were out of a lot of stuff like the king cake flavor, which is what we actually came to try. They also didn't have any of the small cake balls or bites like I saw on the website, just cake by the slice ($7). The cocktails looked good as did some of the food on the menu. Seems like a chill place to hangout.I've been wanting to come here for quite a while and I'm so glad that I finally made the trip. Bakery Bar has delicious, freshly baked sweets and a nice wine/cocktail selection. We got the rainbow cake, the chocolate chip cookie beignets and the cinnamon roll petit four. All three were sinfully tasty! I paired them with a glass of sparkling wine. We had a really lovely time here!What a great way to end an evening!  We were greeted at the door and seated very quickly, even though there were at lot of people. The Rose was great and the service was even better. Our table ordered the bananas foster and funfetti cake. The cake was so moist!!!  
Don't miss out on this fun and unique experience!What a fantastic place! The atmosphere is chill and relaxed. There are shelves of games and books for patrons to enjoy. There is a full bar, coffee, food and delicious cake! I'm not sure what more anyone could need. We had the rainbow wedding doberge cake, which was delicious. Not too sweet and beautiful :) We will definitely be back to try many more things!I only had a piece of cake, and my first dolberge cake at that! I found it to be everything that I thought it might be. It was moist, soft and fresh. The sweetness was really captured in the frosting. This made it very enjoyable and a southern must treat. 
The atmosphere in here was lovely and original. It is kind of a casual- cute unique cafe feel. All the waitresses were very attentive and nice. I had a great experience!Rose was simply amazing. She was attentive to our arrival and made us feel welcome. I asked for a recommendation to pair with the King Cake doberge cake and she suggested the cold brew martini. Her warm and bubble personality truly complimented the resting bitch face guy working with her. He seemed to warm up to those who didn't look like us but maybe it's just his personality anti-people like me... Rose was very accommodating and the reason I will definitely return. I can't wait to see the cakes for embracing future holidays or NOLA culture. Heaven in a slice.Awesome new place in the old Eleven 79 space - it's  a strange little corner next to the raised highway without much outside ambiance but the interior is very well done and the service is very friendly and professional if a bit slow (it takes a while to make a great cocktail so if there's only one bartender you'll have a bit of a wait but you won't be forgotten).  On an initial visit we tried the Shrimp Tartine as an appetizer and were then going to cook at home but it was so good we decided to order a couple more of the small plates and have dinner there.  Toad in the Hole was a very good choice as was the Pimento Cheese Sconewich, it's a very small menu but very well done.  And of course you have to save room for the best doberge cake in town, and honestly one of the only places you can find it.  Wow, Charlotte does a great job with this difficult multi-layer cake and you may have tried it before at Twelve Mile Limit, Toups Meatery, or through their cake business of many years called Debbie Does Doberge.  Same people, now with a storefront that's also a bar & restaurant.  Some of the best drinks in town (you may remember Charles from Twelve Mile Limit) to go along with excellent food and the best cake in town.  And stumbling (I mean walking) distance for me to get home.  Nice.
Ultimately it's a bar but there seem to be lots of families here as well and I believe you just have to sit in the restaurant area as opposed to the bar if anyone in your group is under 21.  After only a couple weeks being open Bakery Bar already seems to be a big neighborhood draw as well as bringing people from across town for both the cake and the cocktails.  It's definitely a bit older crowd than Twelve Mile Limit and unsurprisingly a bit hipster but really this place will likely feel welcoming to just about anyone.  I just hope I'm able to get in a month from now when it will inevitably be overrun with adoring fans 6 days a week...This place is amazing! The dessert is to die for. I had the bananas foster bread pudding and it lived up to the hype! In addition, I had A Different Beast cocktail. It was tasty and refreshing. If you're ever in NOLA, you have to go to the Bakery Bar!Reminded me of a bar I used to go to with my wife when we were dating back in Gainesville. There are board games and things to bring to the tables. Good late night spot for some dessert and a drinkGreat service...very friendly.  Yummy dessert and we also has coffee with Bailey's.  #winWhat is there not to love about Bakery Bar? Great space with a friendly staff, creative drinks, board games, tasty snacks and desserts done by the legendary Debbie Does Doberge. In addition to the full size cakes, the Do-Bites are perfect hand sized treats with intense flavor combos. The Red Velvet Elvis is a treasure - red velvet cake, peanut butter banana filling and cream cheese icing with bacon bits.... seriously....totally off the charts.Update: 
So, since my initial visit, I've had the rainbow, salted caramel, strawberry, and red velvet doberges. They all have tasted the same as an almond wedding cake. Because of this I was a bit unimpressed with Debbie's doberge cakes. I do appreciate the abundance of unique flavors, but if they all taste the same, what's the point? 
I will say, I'm a fan on the petit fors, salty balls and cookies. 
The staff is also top notch! While I've visited several times, every bartender/waitress I've encountered has been nothing but kind and sweet; not in the "I'm being extra, tip me well" way, but they just have a genuine and good personality about them. For that, I'll be sure to give the Bakery Bar business for late night cocktails and other desserts.Delightful atmosphere, delicious cake, and downright neighborly staff!Came for brunch and it was amazing! Everything Bagel aioli is just a brilliant idea which I am stealing! No lines, full bar in case you need to hair your dogg! Great serviceIt was a little too trendy and cool for me. It was packed and very loud. I walked in and was confused about how to order or where to go. The cake was delicious though...I can't lie. I didn't like the cake bites nearly as much as a slice(I got a slice of butterscotch). To pay 2 bucks for a glass of milk it would have been nice if the bartender would have filled up the cup all the way. It wasn't super expensive but it wasn't cheap or comfortable. You'll get a great slice of cake here though (for 6 bucks). The slice isn't small but isn't really big.Good idea of combining alcohol and dessert, my two favorite things. I really enjoyed the welcoming atmosphere and the very nice barstaff. The dessert was great, though I did not get to try any of the drinks. Will definitely be back in the future!Red Velvet Doberge Cake is so good!  Also try the Key Lime sampler.  Cookies are cold and hard, but everything else is perfection!Bakery bar is awesome for sweetooths and boardgamers like me! Although it's street parking, Parking is very easy and normally not crowded. 
The ambiance is very chill and cozy, and there's a ton of board games to choose from while you  snack on sweets! They also have savory dishes too, such as a cheese and charcuterie board!! 
 I had the salted caramel cake and a couple of their Pettit-fours and they were all overly sweet!! I'd probably share with someone because of its size and the amount of sugar it has! I also had their hot chocolate which also overwhelmingly sweet.
I stayed around closing time (Midnight) once and they gave out fresh cookies and milk, and that definitely was the best experience for me! Their cookies are the best dessert in my opinion because it's crispy on the outside, yet soft on the inside with tons of choclaty ooey goodness everywhere!
Definitely great spot to hang with friends for dessert, games, and drinks!
.. Just went again, and waiter told me they put away board games on the weekends cause it can get hectic :( so sad but understandable! And I had their rainbow wedding cake.. And that was UNBELIEVABLY amazing!Little, hidden bar, but worth stopping at. Had breakfast here and loved it. Great service and food! Super friendly waiters. Not sure why it was empty on a Saturday morning, but don't be discouraged by the deserted bar...it's really worth it!Ohhhh this place has not disappointed me yet! After a second visit, I feel it's time for a proper review. 
Find out when Toure' (I'm probably butchering the spelling) is working and make him your go to bartender. He was funny, charismatic, and has a pretty dope vinyl record collection. He also was able to explain and answer my questions with out getting frustrated and boy did I have a lot of questions. 
Their wine list does not disappoint especially in the bubbly department! There could probably be a bit more work done on the specialty cocktail menu. Nothing just stood out to me like "Yes girl you have to try that..." 
Now let's talk desserts.... I was in heaven with the carrot cake salted cake ball and the mocha dolbite. The fried chocolate chip cookie left me desiring more. Reminded me of funnel cake mixed with chocolate chips.
Parking is easy to find but will be on the street. Excellent parallel parking skills are a plus. 
If you're visiting NOLA make this one a priority 2 or 3 visit.  Happy Sipping!Wonderful atmosphere- when you come in there's books, board games, a fully stocked bar, and a beautiful party display full of sweets. My cocktail, the Garden Party, was crisp and refreshing. The food- goodness. The chicken and waffles were delicious. The breakfast plate was full of tasty bits and pieces great for sharing. The cheese grits were super rich. As far as the sweets- you HAVE to try the salty balls. They're cake balls with a little salt thrown in for a great result. We went in for Sunday brunch and were seated immediately with great service. Will definitely recommend and return asap.We only stopped here on a Saturday afternoon for a  treat (the cakes were super tasty). Wish we had had more time to spend here. The ambiance is awesome - exposed beams, brick, books and board games fill the space. A really fun hipstery hangout, but without the attitude. Sweet staff members and a homey vibe. Would definitely return, this time for a few drinks too!I love this place. The shrimp & grits waffle with black bean syrup was a really different treat. The suffering bastard complimented it nicely. Cozy, rustic atmosphere.A confectionary sensation!! Our family visited the Bakery Bar yesterday, and from the time we walked in, we were blown away! We were promptly greeted by 2 friendly, helpful bartenders. The drinks were stellar (we each tried different drinks including the roffignac, the la louisiane, the scenic route and the siren song). While our kids enjoyed board games, we enjoyed our charcuterie and gulf shrimp tartine followed by the most divine Doberge cake ever!!! Our first plate of dobites was devoured by our kids before we could even reach the plate!! They have not stopped talking about the best cake they have ever tried!! Highly recommend!!!Debbie Does Doberge has a new location that is open late and slings some amazing desserts.  On my several visits now there has always been a good crowd of folks enjoying the desserts.  They also have other food but so far I've only had the desserts.  Lots of folks seem to like to grab their treats to go and take them down to enjoy at Courtyard Brewery.Enjoyed the desserts although I don't have much of a sweet tooth.  Convenient for a quick bite.My wife and I just moved from New Orleans, and visited bakery bar on our last night in town for a while. We had tried the Debbie does doberge cakes before and had been thrilled, so we picked up a half dozen pieces for the family. While hanging out, we had a few drinks; the gimlet was fantastic and the absinthe frappe was pungent and distinct. Upon being ushered out for last call, we were given warm, near-perfect chocolate chip cookies and glasses of milk to sweeten our parting. It worked. We were charmed to death.
The cake, however, was not quite as note worthy as ones we had picked up at twelve mile limit a few years before. Mine, the key lime, had none of the savory sweet play I expected. I wanted a buttery graham cracker crumble or something of the sort. It was also lacking in tartness, and as a result it came off too sweet and a little bland. The wedding cake was too artificially almondy and way over-sweet. All the slices were beautifully prepared but had a white icing on the back that everyone found to be too sweet and texturally too firm. The buttercream was perfect, though, and the cake was beautifully moist. Clearly the skill was there and there were very high notes; we strongly recommend Bakery Bar but hope they tweak the standard cakes a bit.Home of the doberge rainbow cakes! It was so yummy, the rainbow one tasted like almond cake to me. And my daughter got the red velvet, which she thought was two thumbs up ! I personally enjoyed the rainbow doberge cake more than the red velvet. I will have to say that I didn't like the putter icing layer of the cake though. I don't know what it is but I didn't like it, other than that it was a delicious treat. 
The place is small but it's good for a quick stop to grab coffee or a bite! We were in there for like 15 minutes maybe? So we didn't spend too much time there.
Note: doberge cakes are $7 each!Holy cow this place is unbelievable! I had the breakfast board and my wife had the Brussels sprout salad. They were both fantastic! I also had a Bloody Mary which was delicious. For dessert we had a couple of the smaller cake items and they were SO good! I wish I was not so full after brunch so I could have had more cake. It all looked really good. Will definitely be coming back here.I saw a local ad for doberge king cake and was excited to try something traditional with a twist. It's kind of ducked off on Annunciation, but definitely worth the visit. The doberge king cake was delightful! It wasn't too sweet and the cake was light and airy. It just tasted more like a spice cake rather than a cinnamon cake. The icing between the layers was more so whipped, which I'm not a fan of, but it worked with this cake. I also tried a king cake salty ball, but I wasn't a fan. I will definitely return to try other flavors.Nice people, cool vibe, tasty food!  I only got to stay for a quick snack, but it was really one of my most enjoyable stops in the Big Easy.  I had the delicious deviled eggs and a pistachio cherry cookie, and I would eat them again right now if you offered, even though I am full.Absolutely wonderful!!! The atmosphere was warm and inviting and the rainbow cake was yummy without being overly sweet. The salty balls were definitely salty, but in a pleasant way, particularly the almond one. I thoroughly enjoyed my cup of mint tea while playing Uno, one of the many board games provided in house. The cheese board was also good and provided enough food for three people snacking. I look forward to going back!I have to say that if baby angels made cakes and pastries this is what it would taste like.
So, the first time I went was with a friend one late night we wanted wine and to whine about our problems (ahh see what I did there). So what's better than a nice Chard? A nice glass of Chard with some Rainbow Doberge cake! So full disclosure, this cake is not something you want to be around when you're on a diet or you are trying to live a healthy lifestyle. The rainbow doberge ALONE speaks to you whispers in your ear if that guy doesn't like you the way you are then you don't need him. If those jeans don't fit, that's why they have bigger sizes; eat me you'll feel better. I kid you not it's some real Harry Potter type stuff, but in the end all I can tell you is yes it's worth every gram of sugar and carb. 
The atmosphere is real cool, they say kiddos are welcome but even though it's a bakery it's still a bar. I wanna drink my wine and not hear someone's kids screaming in the background. Sorry but not... so you should go and drink and eat and be merry!This place should be packed. They marry NOLA traditions with modern day gourmet approaches. We had the pimento cheese sandwich and the shrimp and grits. Wow. Portions are on the small side but not bad for the moderate price and top quality. A winner.Cool spot. Unique. The cake we had to be honest was prettier than it tasted. Don't get me wrong. It was good but not really sweet inside. I may need to try another one because I now see in the reviews i should have tried the "salty balls". I will come back again and recommend but the cake was just "ok".Very disappointed. We have come here before and we're very impressed with service and food but tonight, there was no food on the menu and the staff was extremely rudwThe best desserts in town! $3 martinis during happy hour? Need I say more?! Ok, I will...THE SALTY BALLS THO.Bakery Bar is a cute hipster bakery and bar. I didn't drink anything, but had a slice of their rainbow almond wedding cake and chocolate chip cookie. The cake was delicious and moist. The frosting was a tad too sweet.
It's a nice place to hang out with friends, away from the craziness of the French Quarter and all of the tourists. They have board games! The staff were really friendly. Street parking was easy to find.This was one place open late on a Sunday in our (adopted) neighborhood. By the time we got there, the kitchen was closed, but the bakery case was open! We got a slice of the mint/chocolate doberge cake - so delicious! Our waiter also scrounged up two cups of herbal tea for us, which we appreciated. They have a whole rack of board games, and we tried the board game version of Oregon Trail - we died fairly quickly of dysentery. Great find!Was in search of a midday sweet break. Low and behold, Bakery Bar was a short walk away from me. Based on you guys' pictures and reviews, I noticed that they have a rolling assortment of Doberge cakes served daily. I immediately called and inquired about the cakes being served today. Not sure if this is for every Friday, but today they had, Rainbow (almond) red velvet, pistachio, peanut and banana, and strawberry shortcake with goat cheese. 
Once I arrived, I could't decide between red velvet and the rainbow. The server was very sweet and kind in offering suggestions, and in the end I decided on the rainbow. But, I also got a salted caramel Dobite. 
Both desserts were very sweet with a semi thick layer of some form of sugar fondant on top. The Dobite reminded me of a petit four. I am always a strong proponent of me never sharing my dessert (or food) but I must admit that the cake slice was so rich and sweet that I could not finish it by myself in one sitting. 
Shame on me for not knowing what a Doberge was and that it originated in New Orleans!
Bakery Bar definitely does right by a Doberge, thank goodness you don't have to settle for a slice, they offer whole cakes!!Love the ambiance here! This wasn't apart of our original plan for the day but we wanted to go to a great dessert spot. Drinks were tasty (helped that we went during Happy Hour). The Brussels sprouts were amazing and the shrimp dip the same! 
We also enjoyed the cake and dobites. While we went for the cake it was good but not as amazing as the appetizers that we had. Chill spot and would definitely return.I love this place! The doberge is the best and the assortment of flavors always exceeds my expectations. The salty balls are a good balance of salted and sweet. The cakes are so moist I could go on and on.The customers is always great which is a plus. Don't sleep on this place!Bakery Bar is a true diamond in the rough. Nestled between the interstate off ramp downtown and some warehouse buildings is the delightfully cozy bar room that specializes in cocktails and desserts! Co-owned by Debbie Does Doberge a dessert case features classic flavors of traditional doberge cakes as well as doberge bites so you can sample various flavors without filling up on one slice!
The cocktail list is outstanding. I've tried a variety of featured cocktails and each one has been carefully designed to include fresh ingredients, careful mixing and tons of love. A fantastic cocktail is balanced, nuanced and intriguing and everything I've tried here hits those marks.
The interior highlights the original charm of the building--exposed brick and unfinished timber supports. Light blue accent paint and a vintage vibe supported by its cubbies full of books round out the space. I feel like I'm in my friends retro living room, observing the family photos over the mock fireplace and curling around a good book instead of my smartphone. 
Lastly, incredible customer service! My favorite bartender is Joe, who greets everyone with a "Welcome!", shares his super chill or poppin' musical playlists, executes each drink with care and expertise and makes each guest feel as though they are "part of the fold." That's the epitome of New Orleans hospitality!Omg!!! Such a cool spot. Looks like everything around it is being gentrified. That street corner will be awesome! Their cakes are delicious. Just enough sweet but not too rich. Bar tender/waiter/bakery expert was cool and friendly. Great look the whole space!Had the best waiter...don't remember his name but he had on a sweet Ricky Martin shirt and the best attitude. Gave us recommendations for fun places to go and accommodated a big table of us while being in the best mood. Made us all laugh and served us great brunch! He even gave the bride to be a pedialyte because she needed a little extra hydration that morning :) Chill place, yummy food. I had the breakfast for brunch sandwich and it was gone in two seconds. Wish I could have gone there at night for wine and cake!If I could marry a bakery, it would be this one.... this. was. perfect! Quick tidbit/clarification: The Bakery Bar & Debbie Does Doberge are the same so there's a mystery solved quickly - you're welcome. ;-)  Upon entering, the chill bartender/attendant asks what I'd like .... after a bit of hemming & hawing, with zero pretense of anything other than me being me, even explaining the day was my birthday as a half excuse, I got oodles of options.... he had a smile for my eclectic & varied choices, then led my yummies, me & a big ol' glass of cold milk to a nice hidey-hole to enjoy my yum-yums, people-watching & book to read. 
Everyone in the world should enjoy a good doberge cake - but please do yourself a favor & do so HERE! The creme brûlée doberge cake is life-changing & I'm drooling writing about it almost 2 months later! There's a chocolate mint doberge bite that is an even better, more moist version of a Girl Scout thin mint cookie. 
To make this delightful birthday treat-to-me even better & more memorable? As I went to pay my bill & wait for my Uber, the bartender cool cat starts singing the "doo-do-do-doo - you say it's your birthday?" song, having everyone there join in & presenting me with a glass of champagne..... again: wanna marry this place!We were very lucky to snag some seats at the bar on a busy Saturday night. Service was fast and attentive. They have several selections on doberge bite size cake called dobites. It is great place for groups (they have board games) or if venturing out alone (there are several books on the shelves). Why wouldn't you want a craft cocktail with doberge cake?!I had my first trip to Bakery Bar Saturday night with a group of friends. We came for some sweets after a long day of drinking and celebrating a bachelorette. It's a great, easy to find space. Lucky for us, there were lots of tables to accommodate our group, even when more friends arrived later. We got the king cake (get this while you can), rainbow surprise wedding, funfetti and smores doberge cakes. All were delicious, but the king cake was the best. I had a taste of a friend's cold brew martini and it was also very good. I can't wait to go back~My boyfriend and I went today and it was amazing. We order 3 petit fours and a chocolate ball; all were amazing. I ordered a mule cart to drink and my boyfriend ordered a margarita. Both drinks were awesome. What was even better was the service! Our bartender, Kylie, was the greatest of all time (the goat)! I will definitely be back!Had the rainbow and maple blueberry cake. And OMG, they were both delicious!! The rainbow cake was an almond flavored cake and the blueberry cake literally tasted like a blueberry donut. Was definitely worth the mile walk from our hotel! The bartender (Asian girl) was very sweet and bubbly as well, kudos to her! The vibe felt welcoming and chill. We didn't stay to enjoy our cake but there were board games for entertainment.Delicious customer service, tasty libations, positive vibes and beautiful cakes! Tried my first sazerac! Will not be my last! Shrimp dip - get that! Omg..get that! Will return soon..maybe today.4/5 let them eat gay cake!!
i don't know what occasion you bring out the doberge, but for me it's fair game on any day of the week ending in -day. i really should come to this little spot more often, it's a splurge for dessert and a drink but self care means the carbs don't count ;)
the space itself is cute. it's cozy and adequately lit for just the right mood.grab a couple salty balls, maybe a nice house cocktail or rose, and see what they have playing on the screen. which is always something cool (and weird?)! the staff are super friendly, and make you want to be there. i literally have sat at the bar and ordered the above and read a book. and they are super chill about it and didn't try to push me on ordering further or anything. if you choose to sit a the tables, which cute, they come to you and you can order from your seats. they also have other desserts on their formal menu, but i mean, why wouldn't you get a cake from the glowing coldcase?
so if you're feeling bad, give them a call and see if they have the rainbow wedding cake. or the pistachio. or the peach. or the lemon. or any flavor really. sidle up and enjoy.I had a bite of the blueberry maple bacon cake and it tasted like the most perfect blueberry pancakes with a pop tart on top. Yum. I don't know what magic they work to make all the layers. Voodoo? I couldn't decide so I had a couple of the small dobites: s'mores and king cake. Both were so yummy. I will say everything is quite sweet so you may not want anything huge. Pairs well with coffee.Yes, yes and yes. Cocktails an cake seriously cannot be beat. The staff was so sweet, the space is adorable, and everything was delicious. They also gave out free warm cookies right before closing. With milk, of course.This is such a cute little place.. Desserts....board games.. Coffee and wine.. U got me!! The Debbie Dobege is AMAZING!!!!!!!I'm so sad that the dough bites have changed!  Was looking forward to going to grab a dozen almond bites to take back to Seattle.  When we got there, there weren't any almond, and they changed the shape to square.  Sad!Cute idea - not very impressed by the application.
They have some of your favorite cake flavors (red velvet, carrot) in doberge form - multiple layers alternating cake and icing.
Curiously, they didn't have my standard favorite: chocolate (only Chocolate raspberry - huh?). Other than that, I found the selection for smaller treats to be very limited 
$7 for a slice of cake was a little much - considering it had been refrigerated for atleast a day. I can't say the word fresh came to mind.
I think I'll stick to a more typical bakery next time. 
Maybe if I was drunk I would've enjoyed it more?Very friendly staff in a small and casual setting that is not too crowded. The baked goods are great and the drink selection is very diverse so there is something for everyone. 
The tables are good for conversing, and it's not too loud at any point. There are games to play at the table. Also AC is on, which is important in the summer.A Bakery in a Bar!?!  Yes, my fellow imbibers, it is, and it is spectacular! 
With a corner location and a well lit bakery case you learn all over again how well Chardonnay pairs with icing. Handcrafted cocktails are perfectly executed through a well choreographed ritual by very cool bartenders and are stars with the beignets. 
Give yourself plenty of time here and don't for get to order your Doberge cake in time to pick it up for your holiday!A bar that serves desserts and sweet craft cocktails? Count me in! Backers Bar came up as "hot and new" on Yelp and I knew I had to check it out!  They had an assortment of sweets to choose from like raspberry chocolate cake, wedding cake and chocolate cookies. To accompany your dessert there were a variety of crackly cocktails to choose from. It was hard to settle on just one. I loved the ambience of this bar. It seemed very old school. It was dimly lit with dark wood. I loved the book shelf in the bar too. Made me feel like I could go out for dessert and a drink by myself if I wanted to!The breakfast we had there was outstanding! The cakes were great too. Nice servers. Overall great experience and def a new quiet place to try. 
Also, bring in a book you don't want anymore, not a textbook, and get a free drink. They have about 100 books and board games to try. They also said free milk and cookies at midnight...Cozy! 
We came in for a nightcap. We'd heard great things about the desserts and from the Yelp photos I knew we needed to crush some doberge here. From the reviews, it seemed as though people dug the cocktails too. 
We ordered the Sirocco - bourbon, crème de noyaux, Cynar, celery bitters, lemon - and their IPA we hadn't heard of. It didn't taste much like IPA but it was still pretty good. The sirocco was tasty but I'd probably go with the La Louisiane or the Hot Toddy next time. If you really enjoy whiskey sour the sirocco will be up your alley. 
The main draw obviously was the desserts which we loved. We ordered the rainbow  doberge slice ($7), the s'mores dobite ($3) and a chocolate salty ball ($1.50). We had no standout favorite because they were all so delicious. 
I also appreciate the later hours for coming by for dessert. Very cool. I noticed the shelves of books and the menu looked pretty good as well. I can imagine curling up with a book and doberge there in the near future!Awesome place! The desserts were delicious and i love the addition of the board games. 
Possibly add a coffee bar or atleast more coffee optionsPleasantly surprised. Nice place, good drinks at a reasonable price. I would go back.Amazing. It's everything I wished for in a bar- cool people, great cocktails, incredible desserts, and CATAN. Go there now!What a great find tonight. Stumbled upon this place doing a Yelp search for desserts while dining in the Warehouse district. 
Cocktails professionally made, Great choices of desserts picked from the dessert case. Only open for 3 weeks and we are happy we found it!  Awesome decor. Nice bar. Hooks for the ladies purses under the bar. Nice touch guys.  If I ever come back to NOLA I will return!Such a fun concept and great late night idea! Delicious dessert and drinks. I got the red velvet cake and an irish coffee. My wife had cookies and white russian. Just good stuff and I highly recommend! Fun place.Rate hey super yummy and love love love their fried pies do yourself a favor if you feel like a walk and walk over from the World War II museum cute Cute place have a drink and a piece a cake yummyDelicious. Fabulous. Wonderful. Best cake I have EVER had. Nothing compares to this heavenly slice.Fantastic! This is the place to enjoy a soul-soothing craft cocktail and maybe a super delicious slice of cake. The staff members are friendly, knowledgeable and passionate about their work. Menu is seasonal. They might even let your well-behaved 4.5 year old sit at the bar and eat a slice of cake.We were on vacation and I saw this place on Yelp and had to check it out . It was literally tucked in the middle of nowhere it looks kind of sketchy in the neighborhood but as soon as you walk in you fall in love with the quaint feel of the resteraunt the staff was very warm and welcoming and offered suggestions on what to try since we were knew they had board games for us to play and old books I fell in love with this quaint place. Ok let's talk about the cakes I had the Elvis doberge salty balls in Dark chocolate and the red velvet truffle my sis in law had the rainbow cake which really is just almond flavoring all over it was ok at first a different taste I wasn't used to and then it got better as we kept eating it I wish I had gotten the Elvis doberge cake which had bacon and sweet potatoe because the Elvis balls were sooo good great way to get a sample before you get a cakeSuch a sweet setup. Bakery bar is great midday on a Saturday. Order a slice of doberge cake, play monopoly and drink an adult cocktail of your choice. Guaranteed to not disappoint!My saving grace!
  This is a great little gem, Dany was helpful, friendly, fast, and very gracious to my difficult dietary order.  I chose this place because it was close but wow very happy!
My buddy got a Manhattan to go... Still find myself smiling when you order alcohol to go.
My eggs and meat board were perfect! Happy Friday thanks to Dany & the bakery bar serving me my glutenless dinner!Awsome staff, Charles was very pleasant and made me feel welcomed and wanting to come back. Lovely atmosphere and very chill yet drinkable ambiance. Thanks Bakery Bar! You give  the neighborhood a funky and smooth breezes vibe. :)Very enjoyable, drinks were good, workers are friendly, and plate full of cheese/meat. What more can you ask for?I have been to the Bakery Bar several times in the evening and was thoroughly impressed with the imaginative drinks. I had brunch there recently for the first time. WOW!  It was amazing!  I will definitely return.One of my favorite places I've gone to in New Orleans. They have a bar, desserts, coffee, books to read and games to play. It's super chill and relaxing. The atmosphere is all good vibes, the service is great and so are the people working there. The desserts are incredible too!! Ordered a few salted balls, mini cakes and full cake slices. Lemon cake is incredible!We stopped for happy hour! $3 martinis. We added a slice of cake. Cake may been a bit too sweet. But still tasty.This place is so nice. The staff, atmosphere,  service - all great. Can't wait to go back.Five stars for the friendly service.  Five stars for a great cup of coffee.  And, five stars, times two, for the cake!  Yes, for all you cake mathematicians, that's a total of twenty stars out of a possible five.
My wife had a slice of almond that was wonderful.  Mine was better.  I had the red velvet cake.  It was moist and beautifully layered.  The filling and frosting complemented the cake and elevated the desert eating experience to a five star experience.  This was my first time going here but it will not be my last.Great place to grab dessert and a drink, we didn't try anything but dessert. We had the lemon doberge cake (anyone of Debbie D. is good), a chocolate chip cookie, and a glass of bubbles.  Cake was fabulous! My husband usually doesn't venture out into anything but chocolate dessert loved the cake. The chocolate chip cookie was just ok.  I would have given 5 stars, but the bartender who took care of us had zero personality, she didn't seem bothered by us, just didn't care one way or another.  We will go back because I  could see the other staff was friendly and personable and of course we will return for the cake.Awesome place! Was busy on a Friday night but the bartender Vincent did a great job. Good drinks and good atmosphere. Not a big dessert guy but looked good. Def a place to check ouYum! Tucked away inconspicuously from the arts district, is the bakery bar, which is exactly what this is: 
A bar + bakery to sit in, chat, relax, and eat and drink! 
3 of us walked over after lunching at Peche and shared a slice of key lime doberge and salted caramel square. Both fulfilled the sweet spot I was looking for, and in the air conditioned space on a super hot and sunny day, we spent the next few hours chatting away, not realizing how much time had passed because we were in such a cool, quiet, relaxing environment!
I will say, that when we realized the time and stood up, I felt a bit nauseous because of the sugar surge in me! So, don't forget to drink water! Ha!5 stars for their amazing BBQ shrimp and grits, 2-3 stars for the desserts we tried. In addition to their amazing shrimp and grits, Bakery Bar is known for their doberge cakes. My colleague and I braved the beginning of a tropical storm to walk over here for lunch. It wasn't busy on a Tuesday afternoon around noon (it could have been due to the impending storm), and we were able to seat ourselves right away. We tried:
-BBQ Shrimp and Grits ($13, https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fRx2I5Pzz5QkhllpB0C9Sg&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg): A MUST ORDER- I was skeptical about the combination of bbq sauce and grits at first, but this really works, AND IS DELICIOUS! They give you a huge portion of grits, which are smooth but creamy. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, and super flavorful. I could have definitely eaten this entire bowl myself (instead of sharing), but I would have been stuffed.
-Rainbow Doberge Cake ($7, https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gjXvbBtVsdAYdAmThqvkzw&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg, https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=T0iofcYAjS3CxnGyB39XJw&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg): Just ok- this cake is prettier than it tastes. I had to try it since I was in New Orleans, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. The cake was moist, but there wasn't that much flavor. The frosting is also too sweet.
-Wedding Cake Dobite ($3) & Funfetti Salty Ball ($2) [https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4TasqsHbEZXxQ6ffsHZX4Q&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg]: The wedding cake dobite wasn't that great- the cake didn't have much flavor, and you really only tasted the bland but still really sweet frosting on the outside. Skip! The funfetti salty ball on the other hand, was yummy, and I liked it better than the dobite. There is definitely the salty sweet flavor going on here, and I'd recommend it for those who enjoy that. 
Service is just average- the person working at the bar wasn't very friendly, but our food came out quickly. I would definitely come back for their shrimp & grits and also to try their other dishes, doberge cakes, salty balls, and dobites (they have a good selection of flavors for each). Parking seemed ok since there appeared to be street parking available.Hit or miss: very cute decor, but quite small. We tried the Irish coffee, and a spiced orange cocktail, both were good. We tried the pistachio slice cake, which was to die for. They ran out of the rainbow cake so we tried the red velvet which was also very delicious. The small cakes and the cookies were not that great, would decently recommend getting a slice instead, because fondant isn't very delicious. I do not recommend the cookies, they were subpar to the other desserts.This was the absolute cutest little brunch spot I wound up at for my birthday with a few friends. We were seated immediately and our adorable young waitress took care of us immediately but didn't rush us. We ordered the amazing ginormous breakfast sandwich, fried chicken and cornbread waffles, and grits and not one bite was regretted. Even though we were super full, we couldn't pass up the signature rainbow cake and some of the smaller treats. We LOVED ever bite - it was devoured in seconds. I HIGHLY recommend this little gem! Definitely check it out!!This place was very cute and intimate inside, the outside is very misleading! Definitely try the cake, but the cheese plate is underwhelming and overpriced. Great place for chill night out with friends. The happy hour martinis are greatPastry was decorative and the inside is warm and homey. Love the touch of bookshelves, books, and board games . The bar is pretty cute . The pastry was good but very sweet and a tad expensive .The cake we had was ridiculously good! As were the cocktails. I'd go back just for the cake but not on a Friday evening. Our server was very kind but we waited at least 20 minutes in between seeing her each time and it got old. I finished my coffee before I had a chance to order cake by which time, they had sadly sold out of my first choice.This place is all I need. Cocktails, sweets, and games. I love that is equally approachable for a day cocktail or a drink before a SwAnKy night outHate to give this quaint and friendly staffed place a 4. Just an off night I think or a misunderstanding between me and the precious bar beautiful boy about my order. Either he didn't hear I wanted the bacon dish he sold me and my boyfriend on by his excellent salesmanship or the kitchen dropped the ball. Dunno. Only know we didn't get what was discussed and when the food runner discovered the slip - up and asked if we wanted it to go ( as much time had lapsed ) I opened the box to a disappointment.  It was still delicious but we could tell it was rushed and just not the right order. NO BACON after being teased with bacon is so worthy of a yelp. The staff is to light to give enough attention to the level of biz. I watched as two men sat themselves and saw the greet time not hit its mark. Beef up the staff to match this killer concept and product and I think guests will keep coming back.  Still thou it was an EXCELLENT doberge. Rivals most.Very friendly staff in a small and casual setting that is not too crowded. The baked goods are great and the drink selection is very diverse so there is something for everyone. 
The tables are good for conversing, and it's not too loud at any point. There are games to play at the table. Also AC is on, which is important in the summer.
Update: Great cake, slices aren't overwhelmingly big but are full slices. The wine is good, but the server did mix up my order and charge me $5 extra. I didn't say anything because she was nice and I felt bad.
The aesthetic is really nice because it is a good talking atmosphere with games and good seating. I'll definitely go back!It's a bakery, yes you can buy baked goods, and a bar, yes you can sit down and order a cocktail. They even have a small library of books.
We came on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty empty minus a few stragglers popping in to buy pastries.
The drink menu has quite a few craft cocktails. I had the glass slipper which was like a mojito but even better.
I will be back!Nice place to enjoy a cocktail, coffee or a light snack. The coffee martini drink is really tasty and will wake you up. The staff was very friendly. We are looking forward to trying the brunch one weekend.We were searching for dessert late at night on a weekday and ran across this place. They had a very interesting and extensive cocktail menu and bar food that included shrimp dip and crispy Brussels sprouts. We went for the peanut butter parfait and cauliflower hummus. Seems like a strange combination but it was delicious. The hummus was garlicy and yummy. The peanut butter parfait was rich and delicious. We also managed to play a game of jenga from their board game collection.This place is very interesting. 
Great cakes, but what makes it interesting is the fact that it feels like a bar (which it is), but also a cafe that you could sit and work in.  Very cool atmosphere, and the staff was super cool. If I lived in NOLA, I'd be here all the time. 
Don't let the 10 bucks slice of cake turn you off. It's worth it. And just imagine how much time goes into making it.I didn't have much expectations when my wife said we were going here because it's something I don't normally do. However, after stepping through the front door, the scent fresh deserts and perfume was amazing! The natural wood floors and walls and lighting set the mood instantly. It's a perfect spot to chill, relax, eat some sweets and get a little drink in you. Perfect for getting away with your spouse or girlfriend or even just to hang out with some friends and flirt with bartender lol! I highly recommend this spot to chill, eat and laugh at!I love this place, it is so nostalgic. Very relaxing and family friendly. Great hangout spot and their chai tea is to die for. As far as the "baked goods," they are delicious!!We went to the Bakery Bar after Luna Fete to cap off an all-ages night out. The desserts, coffee and cocktails all in one place were the perfect night cap for this decidedly mixed crowd. Strong black coffee with chicory, liquid chocolate and inventive aperitifs. Doberge cakes, fried treats, icebox treats, decadent baked bread pudding.Located in a remote(ish) part of New Orleans, this place is a hidden gem. Inside you'll find all kinds of cakes and macaroons and French pressed coffee. While eating, enjoy the 80's music, books, and board games. Seriously, what a great idea!Wow!  This is fantastic!  A bar with a bakery that is open late! 
I was out late after a convention in New Orleans and I wanted some dessert.  Well, New Orleans is more for drinkers than sweet lovers and I do not drink often.  So I found this on yelp and decided to give it a go!  
It is a very welcoming place.  We went around 11 pm and we left our cab waiting outside so we could go back and relax for the next day's events.  We went in and at the end of the bar there is a cake window with all of the desserts.  They all looked delicious.  We ordered two pieces of cake and we were out of there quickly.
Service is quick and they are very kind.  The bar had dim lighting this evening and it is very quaint and nice.  There is plenty of seating at tables and seats around the bar as well.  I definitely recommend making a pit stop here or a drink and a sweet treat!
The cake is delicious and they have signature desserts as well!I think I would have loved this if I hadn't been so darned full or at the end of our vacation?  It would have been a great place to hang out, eat cake and desserts, and have a drink, and chat.I ate and drank here in August. What a fun little place. The walk in and to the left is the bar and shelves that hold flowers. Further down the shelves have fun games like Monopoly and sorry so you can play games while you eat and drink :-) there is a separated section that you step up to that has more books and things for you to read while you dine. I ordered the red velvet dobash cake as well as the happy hour champagne. The bartender Joe is probably my favorite bartender in the city. I would go back just to see Joe again. This place is really fun- Joe has a great personality, I love the games, it's just so New Orleans.Amazing doberge cakes. I love so many it's hard to choose and I wind up spending $60 on slices of doberge-- I'm not complaining! Key lime, salted caramel, bloody s'more. 
Food is fantastic too and cocktails are great. 
Dobites.
Salty balls.
Just eat everything.Such a cute place! We thoroughly enjoyed our drinks at Bakery Bar. We had the Starlight Kiss and La Louisiane, both were not for the faint of heart (aka those who like weaker drinks, but nothing wrong with that!). Would love to try the rest of the menu!
Food: cakes all look delish, also had light snack options as well, but we did not partake in it so cannot comment.
Service was attentive.
Location could be more to be desired. It's located near the freeway and next to a warehouse? If I were walking alone from my car, I wouldn't feel too safe. So find Parking as close as you can!
Overall, would come back in a heartbeat despite the not so great location!This place is a sweet place of respite in a city that seemingly never sleeps. They serve the most delicious confections along with yummy cocktails. The atmosphere is quaint, intimate, and perfect after a night on the town or for an after dinner drink and dessert.I frequent BB pretty regularly as it is the closest bar to my apartment. It's a great spot for a drink or and dessert. The cake is definitely the star of the show. My favorite is the rainbow wedding cake but I haven't been disappointed by any cake flavor and I've tried most of them. There's also do-bites (mini dobosh cakes) and cake balls and cookies. They also serve snacks (cheese, etc) and brunch. Cocktails are pretty great, with a fun cocktail menu. (Though I typically just get a bottle of Cava Rosé which is super reasonable.) 
A fun spot for sure and on my regular rotation.A few friends and I went recently for happy hour and the place was poppin'. I had a gin martini which was strong and very good (and only $3!). 
The atmosphere was cozy with books and board games lining the walls. Making you want to sit down and relax for hours. 
The staff were friendly and fun and when there was a mix up with our food order, one of our appetizers was complementary. 
Overall it was great service and will be a regular spot for me in the future.Incredible concept here! A bar and amazing desserts all in one place. We stopped by after dinner for a night cap and some dessert. They have a full service bar with amazing craft cocktails. Then there is the  dessert case...oh boy! It's filled with doberge cake slices, cake bites, and cake balls. For out of towners, doberge cake is cake with layers of dessert pudding; it's a Nola original and to not be missed. They also serve fresh coffee from local French Truck Coffee. The desserts were decadent and tasty! I can't wait to return! They also have food. The space is clearly very old and historic but had been renovated very tactfully while retaining much of the old charm.First time and will be back!  Great atmosphere, diverse drink selection, friendly staff, great desserts, and was offered free cookies and milk at the end of the night.My aunt always says "Eat dessert first". If you live by that, or If you just need to satisfy your sweet tooth, and still want to keep the drinks coming, this is the place for you! The doberge cakes and petit fours are to die for! I went for the wedding cake doberge slice and the peanut butter scotch petit four. Both were incredible! The drink selection was certainly interesting and worth trying any of them. Most of them were on the sweeter side--after all, it is called Bakery Bar! The bartenders were just as sweet as the drinks and cakes! There were some non-dessert items on the menu, but I cannot vouch for them as we maintained a sweet tooth throughout. 
The location is a little awkward, though easily accessible from the Convention center/Magazine St., or /Warehouse District/Tchoup (maybe not at night; and definitely not by yourself at night). There looked to be a small driveway/parking lot behind the place, but street parking was obvious bet.
The owner(manager?) said that they are offering free drinks in exchange for books to fill their bookshelves!The bartender made great recommendations. Nice cakes in the case but don't be afraid to order from the menu. Deep fried chocolate chip was to die for!!!Yes, yes and yes. Cocktails an cake seriously cannot be beat. The staff was so sweet, the space is adorable, and everything was delicious. They also gave out free warm cookies right before closing. With milk, of course.So I don't drink alcohol.  BUT still worth an afternoon visit.  Why? The bakery case-- salted chocolate and key lime a salty ball and a dobite.  Esp the key lime.I was so excited to come here, that I may have hurried through dinner quickly in hopes to get here quicker. This is a cozy spot to enjoy drinks and dessert with friends. When my friends and I arrived, we could see there was another couple seated enjoying a quiet dessert date night, and on the other side of the restaurant was a table with a huge party of 10-12 people celebrating a co-worker's birthday. We liked the vibe and had trouble deciding what to order because everything looked good. Aside from the dessert menu, take a look at the bakery display behind the glass and you'll see their variety of doberge cakes, cake balls, cookies and dobites) which are perfect to sample a little bit of everything they offer.  I ordered a slice of the carrot cake doberge cake. Another friend ordered the Grasshopper Pie Bombe and did not like it. But another friend ordered the chocolate chip cookie beignets and raved about it. If you'd like to enjoy some tasty dessert after having an amazing meal at one of the many NOLA restaurants, I highly recommend Bakery Bar!Love it. Very attentive staff, especially Kily ( if misspelled sorry).  The gimlet was perfect, drank 2. The food was perfect, next visit I'll try the dessert. Parking is street, know how to parallel park. Side street is brick, if that's a problem take a taxi. Prices are reasonable, just watch the alcohol. Will return in the near future.Loved this place! The atmosphere is a wonderful cross better an old fashioned library and a comfortable bar, including books and board games. And the service was perfect!  When our table of four all ordered bread pudding, all four were simultaneous placed on our table by four servers!  You have to love a place where the staff doesn't worry about who's table is who's!  I do need to mention that the bread pudding was slightly over-cooked, but the taste and service made that easy to overlook. Great date place or just hanging with friends!This is the perfect coffee & dessert place after a date night or a chill night out with friends. You can hang out and play games and drink coffee and eat dessert or have an after dinner drink and play games.Amazing deserts staff was very accommodating and helpful didn't have a chance to have their food but will be back to sample moreI had the pimento cheese sandwich with a mimosa, and me and my boyfriend shared a slice of cake. Great selection of cakes and signature drinks. The staff is super friendly and helpful! Definitely check this place out!What a great place!  I recall coming to Eleven79, and had a fantastic meal then. My experience at BakeryBar was equally great. 
Doberge cake- this was the main reason I decided to visit. It is my favorite type of cake, and I will drive out to the Gambino's in Metairie if needed to get my fix.  It looks like I have added a new place on the list, closer to downtown, for my fix. They had creative flavors and given that it was king cake season, I had to pick the king cake cheesecake flavor. It seems Rouse's also has something similar which I had not tried. 
Yum! I split it with my friend and we were both impressed. He really wanted the salted chocolate ball, which they had a whole selection of, which he liked but I did not try. 
Do yourself a favor and go here- pick one of the super fresh doberge slices- and please take the few steps up to the dining area with the wooden floors and benches.  I wish I had more time to sit there, but it seems like the perfect area to sit and just enjoy a slice of cake and coffee in peace and be happy that you are in such an amazing city.Great spot. Not in the Quarter which is a plus. The beer and cocktail list is amazing. Staff really pays attention to getting it right and they are friendly and engaging.  We were here last year and the food was amazing and very reasonable. Happy hour starts in 20 minutes and the kitchen opens. We are looking forward to it.Came here after dinner to get a little dessert to go. 
Location - You may feel like you're in the middle of nowhere/ going the wrong way. The place really comes up out of nowhere especially when you're walking later at night and don't know your bearings 
Ambience - If I wasn't so tired I wish I could've had a drink & stayed a while! I loved the feel of the place. Welcoming staff, a ton of games to play & plenty of seating 
Food & drink - 
1. I can't speak to the drinks as I didn't have any, but taking a look at the menu I saw many unique drink options that I would've wanted to try, and multiple pages of beer/wine/cocktail options. 
2. I ended up going with a slice of strawberry cake & dark chocolate funfetti 'salted balls.' The cake was good, made with fresh strawberries. I love sweet, but honestly the icing was bit too sweet. The salted ball though - wow. Wish I had gotten a million of these as I could've honestly eaten them all. The consistency almost tasted like cookie dough balls & I loved the funfetti flavor. I'm still dreaming about them. 
I'd definitely recommend this hidden jewel!I've always wanted to stop by here, and just never had the chance. Stopped in around lunch yesterday and SO glad I did. Was helped very quickly by one of the workers. I asked her which her favorite was and she pointed out her favorite ones and explained what each one was. I ended up purchasing a Strawberry slice and one chocolate dobite. They were both amazing! Some of the best cake I've ever had. Super fresh, super moist, and flavors were on point. I'm excited for my next visit. Look forward to trying other flavors!Definitely one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had! The Pullman bread was so buttery and just melted in my mouth! The everything bagel aioli on it was overwhelming but when paired with the pickles, it was perfect! 
The mule cart was so refreshing! Just enough ginger beer. I had a peanut butter jelly petite four doberge, it was good. Can't wait to try all of them! 
The staff was very helpful and friendly!I was very pleased with my Lemon V's Wedding Cake Doberge in my words  Very moist and tasteful. I was very kind to share some.I have a huge sweet tooth, and I LOVE the bakery bar. The space inside feels very inviting, they made it into a great place to hang out and have some drinks and dessert. They have shelves to read and plenty of board games to play with your friends. 
The dobites and salty balls are my favorite, they're somehow moist and sweet but not overly so, and then enveloped in chocolate or frosting. The perfect size to just pop in your mouth. Other than all their cakes they also have a dessert menu and a deep fried chocolate chip cookie, seriously, it's so good. It's basically a chocolate chip cookie wrapped in pastry deep fried and covered in powdered sugar, so like a beignet with a cookie inside. I've also had their savory food and really enjoyed it. Their burger with the charred onion ketchup and sharp cheddar was the perfect combination of flavors. 
They have happy hour Tuesday - Friday from 5-7 with a few drink deals too.I have been anxious to try Bakery Bar eversince it opened. I'm glad I had the opportunity this past Sunday. My wife and son and I had brunch there and it was great. The staff, food, ambience were all top notch. And of course the cakes! Can't wait to go back for Happy Hour.Dessert and drinks to die for... brunch is a must. Fun atmosphere with board games to play... kids are welcomed... alcohol and sweets best combination I can think off.. try the salted caramel cake and coffee martini...Great place! Really good food and drinks. Great coffee and no line! It was a pleasure and the shrimp and grits waffle was awesome! Glad we stopped in!After attending a Yelp event at the WWII museum, I found myself craving the one thing that had been missing from all of the wonderful vendors in attendance at this event.... dessert. Actually, I started out wanting a cookie, but Willa Jean isn't open at 11pm, so Bakery Bar and doberge certainly would suffice. We did a quick in & out, but I did like the vibe of the place, and the slice of rainbow wedding cake that the hubby and I split was delish! 
I'm definitely one of those people that wants dessert after a few too many drinks, so this seems like it would be a convenient place to spend a kid-free evening. Interesting concept!I really like the laid back atmosphere and the concept of Bakery Bar. You can play games, hang out with friends, or read a book in the presence of CAKE! Parking hasn't been a problem at all the two times I have been here. 
The peanut butter cake was good, but it didn't blow me away. The cookies on the other hand were fantastic. I'm picky about cookies because I don't like them really chewy. I enjoyed these because they have a crispy outside and a soft inside.I've been here a couple times and I have to say that this is the SPOT. They're open until midnight so that's a plus for me because I'm always working late and most dessert places close early. Went here last night for the first time in a long time, and I forgot how amazing their cake is!! 
My friend got the rainbow wedding cake, and I got the nectar snowball. The few times I've been, I've never seen nectar snowball and it was so pretty I had to get it. YALL. It was perfect, I don't know how to describe the flavor of it so you'll just have to stop by a try it yourself. The cakes were very moist, fresh and sweet enough that it's not over powering. We literally finished our slices in minutes! 
The doberge bites were a little too sweet for me because of the ratio of icing to cake, but some people like that. There's so many options to pick from, and I can't wait to try them all!Best desserts I've had in a long time!! Will be back!! Highly recommend! Had the creme brûlée and boyfriend had banana foster bread pudding! They were both a little slice of heaven!The carrot cake bite was the most delicious by far. We had the strawberry bite and red velvet cake bites as well as the rainbow slice of cake. They did not let us downStarlight Kiss sounds to be a light refreshment... it's anything but. Oh, this isn't me complaining, I just was knocked back, by how strong it was during my first sip. Love the whimsical dessert and drinks, in a rustic setting. I also love that they provide games and books. I'd suggest people here if they were in the area. 
TIP: it gets a little busy late at night. And be sure to go to the dessert counter at the end of the bar, you can taste many things from the bite-ish sized treats. Salty Balls, and the Turtle were my favorite.I had a meeting, so naturally I suggested this place because meetings are always better with cake. This is a really cute idea- the concept of mixing sweets with fancy cocktails is pretty genius, and I'm surprised it has never been done in New Orleans before (wait, does Sucre serve liquor?).
We stopped in around noon and the place was empty except for us. I decided to get an iced coffee (which you can add REAL cream to!) and a couple of the doberge bites. I have been a fan of Debbie Does Doberge for years, so it's awesome that she finally has a brick and mortar shop where you can drop in a pick up a few sweets, when you are in the mood. The "real" food on the menu sounded great, but the kitchen doesn't open until 4. That's a little confusing, considering they serve breakfast style food. Is it different on Sundays or is the kitchen closed until 4 every day? Is this going to change? So many questions!
I would definitely kick this place up to 5 stars if their kitchen was open all day. They just opened, so maybe that's in the future plans. I loved my doberge bites and iced coffee. Both complimented each other really well and made for a delicious experience. The space itself is lovely with plenty of light flowing in through the large windows, plenty of seating, and books and games to keep people entertained.
I want to go back "after hours" and gauge the vibe of the place then. This is a cute little spot to check out, whether it is at the beginning of your evening or the end.I forgot to review the Bakery Bar. But it was awesome , very relaxed atmosphere. I had a butter rum cocktail , it was a hot drink and I LOVED it! Very friendly staff as well.Charming place for cocktails and breakfast. Although they are open till midnight! Woohoo. We had the banana foster French toast which was super delicious and textures melting in your mouth & the breakfast board. Simple and delicious. Save room for wedding cake! Omg! 
#bakerybarStopped her after a late night dinner and was not disappointed! While their late night snack and dessert menu looks delicious we simply could not get past the decadent dessert case! Their assortment of doberge by the slice, cookies, cake balls and of course dobites is as beautiful as it is tempting. We got some dobites to get a variety of small bites and was immediately taken to sweet treat heaven! Couldn't be better! 
The drinks were expertly mixed and paired nicely with such sweet treats! The bartender was so charismatic and engaging as were the other patrons! Great late night night cap!!This is some of the best New Orleans has to offer. The drinks are strong, and the do-bites are delicious. Also, like any bakery, you can order cakes, etc, to go, and so I've used them for functions and parties. Literally, everyone takes one bite of that cake and says it's the best they've ever had. I bring out-of-towners, and months later they'll send nostalgic texts to me about Bakery Bar.There's not much not to love about a place that has a ton of desserts and booze right? 
I've been a few times, and I appreciate this place for a few reasons: 
-it's open late and serving food when I need it
-Cake
-what a fabulous way to end the night am I right?
There are a couple things I think need a bit of work-- the service tends to be slow and the last time we were there entire human beings at our table were never able to order. One of my friends ordered an Irish coffee and she basically got a little coffee with whiskey in it-- no whipped cream, no Bailey's. Which is all fine and good, but for a place that specializes in the marriage of sweets and booze I guess we all kind of expected a bit more.
Either way, I'm going to be back. Nothing can keep me away from a whole case of douberge cake after a few drinks.Great cocktail bar. Seasonal drinks are creative and delicious. Good place to hang out in New Orleans. The bartenders are friendly and things are not as rushed as they are in other bars in the French Quarter.This was my first time at the Bakery Bar and it did not disappoint. There's quite the variety of doberge cake along with dessert, cocktail, and savory menus. 
The items on the savory menu looked great (we didn't order any), but I wish there would've been a few more options there. But places with charcuterie can do no wrong in my eyes. 
The cocktail options are unique, fun, and delicious. I was able to try the nectar fizz, amoretto sour, and cobbler and I enjoyed them all. 
All in all, this is a great place to grab some drinks and some sweets after a long day, or week. The vibe is very relaxing and it's easy to hear people when they're talking. The wait staff is extremely attentive and eager to help.Cake was good, frosting was a little too dense. Drinks were very strong. Fun atmosphere. Coffee is local and very good.My friday started really well with a stop at Truck Stop Coffee in the morning and was asking for a lunch recommendation from the staff there. They told me about this small gem surrounded by warehouses. When you walk in you immediately smell the sweet doberge cake and cocktails. You order at the bar, and will be tempted for a hard drink. I went with the recommendation of chicken and waffles with a tall glass of water. After a 15 minute wait, piping hot food was right in front to be devoured. The food disappeared in a matter of minutes. I was moaning from the savory, sweet, spicy combination of juicy chicken & buttery cornbread waffles. The jalapeño bits started to tingle my tongue, and the hot syrup calm the burn in the best way possible. A true hidden gem that cost 12 bucks for an amazing meal. I will be back for that s'mores doberge cake.I love the bakery bar! I always get the vanilla doberge brûlée and have tried the chocolate chip beignets- both excellent. Drinks are usually very good, but the Irish coffee had a lot of ice chunks the last time I was there - unusual for them. Great service, too!Walked in with my family for the first time eager to purchase some baked goods and see the selection of douberge cakes so much raved about on this site. My family of 3 and I walked in to a nearly empty dark bar. We were not greeted by the bartender as we walked in. He seemed preoccupied with the only 2 customers at the bar so we took a quick look around the place and finally discovered a small sad case to the far end of the bar with 3 douberge cake selections and nothing else in the case. The bartender finally looked our way  and stared at us as if we didn't belong there or were from Mars. I gave him a minute to welcome us but he just stared at us with the most unwelcoming face so finally I opened my mouth and greeted him saying Hi! This is our first time here. We found you on yelp can you tell us a bit more about this place? Do you have menus? He asked us to wait while he poured another drink for the only couple seated at the bar then tossed us some menus on the bar without making eye contact. He didn't even bother to point out the case or explain the specials or ask if we had any questions. That being said we walked out and he just let us. For a business that hasn't been around for long, such behavior doesn't make the best first impression. We won't be back. I don't care how seemingly delicious the one slice of cake may be.All's I had was the absinthe frappe. Wow! Totally knocked me on my ass. Very tasty an deceptively strong.WOW.  Do yourself a favor and get you a whole box of the chocolate raspberry petit fours.  They were my favorite. The rainbow cake is good but wasn't as almond-tasting as I expected.  If you're a big almond fan like me, go with the wedding cake - it was DELISH!  I love the atmosphere of this place.  The service was incredibly friendly - I was brought a cold glass of water to enjoy with my treats while I sat and enjoyed the music and decor. I'm so happy I stopped here while visiting NOLA.The treats are not only delicious, but gorgeous! I don't understand the people leaving reviews complaining that it is too sugary. The cakes are finished with fondant. Which is basically a rolled sheet of sugar. Duh.
This place is wonderful!Good cocktails and delicious deserts but damn this place is in the middle of nowhere. It is literally under the expressway and the only buildings near by are storage facilities. Last call was called at 11:40 on a Friday which is super early for New Orleans. At midnight, the bar was still pretty full but the bartender (who was curt and stared down customers from entering the bar) turned the lights fully on at exactly 12:00. Message received. The mini doberge cakes are sweet and tasty with lots of flavors to pick from.Super place. Brand new and great. Cheese and charcuterie plate was fantastic. The sweets are well established in the city.The Bakery Bar is a deceptively beautiful sight to lay your eyes upon. The old-fashioned interior only helps to enhance the ambience of this establishment. The staff was incredibly polite and helpful. The pastries were also a delight. Was a shame I decided not to try a drink but it was way too early for one in my books.The best invention since (insert your favorite thing here).  Seriously, this is THE best concept, ever!!!
What's not to love?
1.  Charming space that's a comfy hangout?  Check.
2.  Divine pastries?  Check.
3.  Yummy, inventive cocktails?  Check. 
We had the most wonderful Sunday afternoon nibbling Doberge cakes (the lemon was my favorite) and drinking champagne/cocktails.  
I truly think every city in America should have at least one restaurant just like this!
Start with Scottsdale ;)Very friendly staff in a small and casual setting that is not too crowded. The baked goods are great and the drink selection is very diverse so there is something for everyone. 
The tables are good for conversing, and it's not too loud at any point. There are games to play at the table. Also AC is on, which is important in the summer.A bar plus small bites to nosh on and scrumptious desserts...all set in an intimate yet trendy setting.  What's not to love?  My friend hosted a birthday get together here and it was the perfect setting for a multitude of friends to drop in over the course of several hours, stay for a while and easily rotate out as everyone came and went over the 4 hours. 
For a group as large as ours (about 20 people coming and going), it was easy to do separate checks for champagne, wines, cocktails, delicious snacks like stuffed mushrooms, shrimp dip, roasted cauliflower hummus, spicy popcorn and the like before diving into the showpiece there...the desserts!  
That rainbow surprise wedding cake is one for the books.  It's equal parts beautiful, festive and oh so delicious!  All the other cakes and the chocolates looked equally delicious and I look forward to going back to try some others next time!  Oh, The staff was super nice and helpful too by the way.  Check the place out when you get a chance,the cake and other sweet items are amazing, Charlotte McGhee and Chuck Mary have done a brilliant job of reinventing an old New Orleans classic with their doberge, the dobites are a great way to sample multiple flavors, which you will want to do as the variety alone is mind-boggling
I'm usually not a fan of elaborate cocktails and typically just drink bourbon or gin, but Jeff has done dome great things behind the bar and I've become a big fan of the "Scenic Route" and the "Suffering Bastard"
the savory items are also fantastic and their kitchen is constantly putting out new items, the last time I was there I tried their turkey gumbo with a dirty rice cake in it and it was phenomenal, much like their doberge, they managed to stay true to a local classic while adding a unique touch, the roux was dark, thick and strongly flavored and the rice cake added a slight touch of crispiness which married really well with the rest of the dish
I usually go for drinks instead of a full meal so I stick to smaller items on the menu like their schnitzel sliders and pimento cheese sconewhiches which are both amazing, recently tried their brunch and was also thoroughly impressed
at the end of the day it's really apparent that this place is run by people with extensive experience at nice restaurants, things just work the way they should, Bakery Bar is a unique experience in that you feel like you're in a friendly neighborhood bar while eating food you'd expect from a much bigger and fancier restaurant, it's a great place to hang out with friends or to bring a dateLoooooved visiting this fun desert and cocktail spot! We came in after a (mediocre) dinner at Commander's Palace, we were craving a dessert and after viewing some of the beautiful images on Yelp, I had to make a pit-stop. We were just planning on getting a slice to go, but were drawn in by the lovely bar tenders, and ended up staying and having a great conversation with this gal behind the bar. 
We first ordered a slice of red velvet and a couple cake balls, but were then gifted a birthday cake ball with a candle (sooo cute)! So we sat down for a while and had a fernet. What a great experience, we didn't want to leave but finally had to pull ourselves away! 
The red velvet was so amazing- melt in your mouth, soft and obviously extremely fresh. The frosting on the inside was a little fluffier and the frosting on top was more rich, with a cream cheese flavor. Loved it!
Can't wait to make it back for brunch or desserts!I had the vanilla cake creme brûlée and my boyfriend had the bananas foster bread pudding. They both were amazing! We had the nicest server! I can't remember his name-but he also works at Starbucks! When we visit New Orleans again, we will definitely make this a must stop!Came to New Orleans for my birthday.  The night before we left, we decided to end on a good meal to celebrate. That did NOT go to plan. So after coming to the hotel to pack, we decided to go back out for just a quick drink and a dessert.  We ubered here- it's a bit of a walk from the French Quarter, but it met my every desire in a birthday dessert.  I got a slice of their Red Velvet peppermint bark- OMG, amazing. My husband who's not normally a fan of red velvet- well, he took that opinion back when it came to their cake.  It is sweet as others wrote, but it's also moist, with all kinds of delicious interwoven flavors.
My husband also had ordered the Apple crumble, because he doesn't normally go for red velvet, and he ate that entire dessert. I am not normally a fan of anything with cooked fruit, just ate around the apple slices- amazing.
I've already sent the location on to two friends coming to visit soon- definitely a place to go when you want an amazing dessert.  And they have a full bar!Baked goods, savory snacks, alcohol, boardgames. GET IT. They often sell out of the cakes, but I've managed to have a slice or 2 every time I've been. Drink menu is good, waitstaff is nice enough, boardgame selection is decent.My first visit to The Bakery Bar was amazing. I tried the S'mores Doberge Cake and the Vanilla Doberge Brûlée! They were both delicious. The Brûlée is worth five stars on its own! The happy hour menu was awesome and the drinks were not too pricy. Service was excellent. Everyone was helpful and smiling. I also tried the Red Velvet and Roasted Pineapple Dobites.  The caramel icing on the Pineapple Dobite was delectable!Came here with my fiancee' after getting pizza from Wood a few blocks away.  We wanted dessert!!  So, I got a slice of key lime doberge, and she got a couple of the dobites - strawberry and wedding cake.  We weren't big fans of the strawberry dobite, didn't seem to have much flavor.  The wedding cake one was pretty good tho.  The star of this trip was the key lime doberge.  It was all the best flavors of a key lime pie, but in doberge form.  It was awesome.Stopped in with my family for doberge cake and a glass of rose'. The bartender, atmosphere and the cake were all amazing. I will definitely return on my next trip back to NOLA.Really cool place! Alcohol, desserts, & board games. They also gave us free milk & cookies a few minutes before closing!Absolutely loved the atmosphere! So many great options for drinks, food, and dessert. Our visit was all about dessert and coffee. We shared the carrot cake and the fig and goat cheese slice. Both were delicious and moist! The cake is wrapped in fondant which isn't my first choice, but I just didn't eat it. The service was amazing and everyone friendly.This was the most moist cake I've ever eaten. However, I didn't like the pudding in the layers. To me a little to much. The peanut butter cookie & red velvet cake ball was the best I've ever tasted!One of the newer joints in town Bakery Bar hails themselves as being a great after dinner dessert and cocktail bar. The bakery area serves Debbie Does Doberge cake slices at around $8 a slice but you can get a deal at happy hour. My favorite more affordable dessert are the chocolate salty balls that are so rich all you need is one to fill all your sweet cravings needs and its priced perfectly for you wallet. They serve all of the New Orleans standard cocktails and they do them well. Its a great after dinner spot like I said especially for a date you want to impress.I go to big red bar all the time. When I go I typically get just cake. Every now and then I'll get something to eat (really good). It was late at night and they were open since I was nearby. I was starving so I decided to try the chicken nuggets (actually chicken thigh) and waffles. It was just OK. The chicken was burnt but the chef was nice enough to give me a fresh piece of chicken which was way better. I has a cookies and cream doberge bite which was good.A unique bar concept near downtown New Orleans by the I-10 overpass. A bit sketchy of an area, but worth the trek. The bar serves food, amazing desserts, and has board games for patrons to settle on with their drinks or sweets. This bar has my favorite cake ever, the doberge cake! Layers and layers of moist cake sandwiched between layers of sweet creme and fondant frosting. They also come in came back or dough bite forms but I find those way too sweet. Flavors rotate on a regular basis such as chocolate thin mint, mint, watermelon, rainbow, lemon, etc. Such notable ones are the rainbow cake and the red velvet cake. Around $7 a slice, worth it for the labor that goes into these delicious slices of heaven! Get you some!This is a great place to meet friends for dessert or cocktails or both. The staff is super friendly and accommodating.  
Several varieties of doberge, cake balls, and cookies fill the bakery display. I had the blueberry maple bacon doberge and it was excellent. 
The beer selection is a little small, but it's picked to pair with their desserts. I only had one cocktail, Sallah was Right, and I made a great decision. Bourbon and fig. Mmmm.
My only negative experience was not enough lighting to read the menu and the font too small on the menu and receipt.This place is great!  If you're in the Lower Garden District of New Orleans, you HAVE to come to the Bakery Bar. The food was amazing; I'm totally stealing their Brussels sprouts recipe.  And if you get anywhere near their dessert case, prepare to gain a few pounds.  I recommend trying ALL of the dobites and salty balls.  If you feel like living dangerously, you can wash that delicious sugar down with one or more of their signature cocktails.  The staff is awesome and made our TWO stops in one night a great one.  We threatened to go back before and after every meal.  Bakery Bar is a must when in New Orleans!Hours are not as advertised. Arrived at 10:25 pm on Wednesday, March 1 and they are closed. No answer when I called to confirm their hours. Disappointed our group of six people.OMGreatness took some friends from Houston here on a whim Monday because another place was closed -who's a lucky duck? I AM! What a great place to hang. I actually wanted dessert after burgers at home and told my hubby pie of some sort was my leaning. I was so wrong. We picked up our visitors and headed to Bakery Bar. First, it's a niiice location, low key, unsuspecting, more of a neighborhood feel which I love. I got points from the crew on location and atmosphere. Thanks Bakery Bar. But then (and second) the menu is delectable and enticing curiously creative. I said I wanted pie of some sort but nah. Between the four of us, whom by the way ordered separately but ended up sharing family style, we ordered the beignets, fudge brownie al a mode, chicken and waffles, and fries. Yes I know sounds ordinary right but that was just to put your mind at ease before the meltdown. The beignets were filled with a peach something that was warm and slightly gooey and made you lick your fingers obsessively. The fudge brownie had sprinkles, SPRINKLES with fruity pebbles ice cream. The whole table began to rethink cereal choices. The chicken and waffles had a fabulous glaze and the chicken looked juicy from my spot (this was the only meal that was not shared with everyone). The fries were really trash can fries coming in a little pail smothered in cheese sauce sautéed onions and roast beef debris that was more like a chunk of roast beef than debris. It was all very delicious (speculating on waffles since there were not shared-I'm not salty). We also had cocktails! Yes cocktails with full blown deserts it was decadent and deserving. The chocolate martini is a must have along with the swim after dark. This spot is perfect for groups, bar hoppers, date nights, or any time chillaxing. But be warned after eating and drinking you may want to curl up with a blanket and soft pillow.Very nice little place. Decided to check it out for some desert. Had the banana foster bread pudding and the praline cheesecake. Both really good. Only knock was it took a pretty long time to get those out to us. Overall great place to try outYou MUST get a slice of doberge cake. 
I recommend the
 peanut butter & strawberry, 
turtle, or mocha.
I had a slice with bacon in it. &  I didn't like it. 
But they continue to put it in rotation,
must be someone's favorite.
or skip the slice
and grab a few doberge bites for variety.
The drinks are okay. 
Beware that their ginger beer is fairly "spicy."
If your companion sucks,
you can play games
or read a book.Great little bar with a great selection of cakes. Had the carrot cake was very good. Stays open late right off the highway so areas a little dark and alone but felt safe.The cake is so moist and simply delicious. Came here on a late night to grab a piece of birthday cake. Does not disappoint!UPDATE: I have been contacted and offered a gift card to make up for the money wasted on the sour cocktail which I appreciated very much.
The cake and treats never disappoint. However, the drink was a different story tonight. I recently tasted "Coquito" and was excited to see it on the seasonal menu. It was $9 for the smallest drink. On top of that - it was so disgusting. I got it in a to go cup thinking my roommate may like it but she pointed out that the coconut milk tasted sour and she is exactly right. Bartender did not ask how our drinks were either otherwise I would have said something when we were there - I didn't go out of my way to say it because I thought it was just me! Very disappointedThe Doberge cakes are to DIE FOR! I had the Wedding Cake and the yellow one with some sort of goat cheese filling. Please forgive me for not remembering the name of it. It looks like it would be lemon but not. The cakes were absolutely SUPERB!
I'm in LA... I wish I had access to them some how being home.I had heard good things about Bakery Bar, but it wasn't quite what I expected. My cocktail was great, and it's a nice place to have a drink. The food was OK, but took a while to come out, and the menu wasn't extensive. Now, I know that the name says bakery and bar, so that's what you should expect out of it. But there isn't much going on, bakery-wise. Just doberge cake and salty chocolate balls. The balls are great, but the pistachio doberge was just... sugar. No pistachio flavor, at all. I felt like it ticked me one step closer to my probably inevitable metabolic syndrome future, without any of the enjoyment I hope to get along the way.
I like the place OK, and my drink was great, so I'd probably go back for that. But I'd only opt for drinks and maybe a couple salty balls next time.It's a great place for something sweet, but their drinks were not good. And one of the cakes we got we all had to show our IDs which I found kind of weird.This review is just for the doberge cake and almond cake pop to go. We were in the neighborhood and so excited I had the opportunity to try a slice of the infamous Debbie does Doberge cake! I grew up only eating Maurice's and occasionally Gambino's doberge cakes so I thought it was cool someone was giving them some competition in nola especially after all these years. 
Let me tell you, just as good if not better. I love the creative flavors. I ordered bloody smores and turtle. Bloody smores was just as good as I was told it was and I didnt care for the turtle because it was loaded with pecans and thats just not my thing. 
I would definitely come back and Im actually looking forward to it!Really moist delicious cake. They serve a variety of dishes. Awesome place to chill. Wide variety of drinks you can order. Great date, girls night out or chill. Lunch items looked delicious. I got the lemon and chocolate coconut cake. Both really good. Servers were very friendly. Parking in back.It was wonderful.  We tried 3 different desserts that were so amazing.  Beignets with peach compote filling, blackberry and blueberry sorbet, and a strawberry cake bite. Wow.We came here as a stop on my New Orleans trip. It was a cute little hipster bar with a great concept. There was the bar and also some places to sit around and play games or read books. I came during the evening so I got a Prosecco while all my friends got some food off their menu. Since I didn't try any of the food I can't comment on it but the concept, atmosphere and drinks really make this a cute spot for date nightReally moist delicious cake. They serve a variety of dishes. Awesome place to chill. Wide variety of drinks you can order. Great date, girls night out or chill. Lunch items looked delicious. I got the lemon and chocolate coconut cake. Both really good. Servers were very friendly. Parking in back.Oh my goodness! I had some DELICIOUS cauliflower hummus and an amazing slice of red velvet/chocolate mint doberge cake. Plus the best Pim's Cup I have ever tasted. Everyone was so nice and I would go back in a flash. Next visit to New Orleans will see me returning there to sample some other savory and sweet offerings. I highly recommend this fun and delicious place.I came across this place prior to our trip and made a mental note that we should stop here on my husbands birthday for a slice of cake. 
We walked from canal street, which was about a mile off the beaten path, and it was worth every single step. The cake was to die for, and I cannot wait until they start shipping so I can order one for my birthday next year. We tried the rainbow almond wedding cake, the coconut chocolate, and a chocolate salty ball. I also ordered an Il Padrino, which was DELICIOUS! We will definitely be back here the next time we're in town.Delicious and very welcoming. We didnt enjoy the walk from Cochon, but definitely satisfied with the dessert and cocktails.very good cake and beignets. but the service is horrible my friends and i waited 30 minutes + for a table even though there were 3 tables of 3 and a table for 6 open. maybe it was because we were teenagers so just beware.