The music is always great, but the service was very bad. It took 1/2 hour for us to get waited on, then we finally ordered our drinks were brought maybe 20 minutes later by this girl with a horrible attitude. Drinks were watered down as if they were hanging out at the bar. Then we ask the original waiter if we could check out since the girl waiter with the attitude wasn't even looking at us anymore. Then signing the receipt was like signing a home mortgage. We finally got out of there wondering if this happens to everyone.This place probably deserves 3.5 stars.  It's a nice bar to have a beer and listen to some music. We came around 6 pm, which is probably not the peak of the evening, but we got to listen to a young jazz trio that was pretty good. The staff was not particularly friendly.We needed a break from Bourbon street and I really wanted to enjoy live music, so we went to Frenchmen Street and were drawn in by the blues music played here. It was exactly what we were looking for. 
It does get pretty crowded inside but there's also plenty of seating and if you can get a table, the servers are quick to ask if you need anything and serve you right away. Just be careful not to stand in the way of service or you'll be elbowed around. Drinks were fine and prices were average. Don't forget to tip the awesome band if you enjoy the music!Great music, service attentive, decent draft beer selection! We came in because the Friday afternoon music was fantastic. Don't know whybthis place wasn't packed to the limit!
The atmosphere is cozy with lots of brick and wood, and the other people (a seeming 50/50 mix of tourists and locals) were having a great time too.
The place was not heavily energetic (so if you're looking for a wild place, Friday afternoons may not be the place) but did have a chill and lively vibe. 
The band we saw is here every Friday and we would definitely come again at the same time. We'd even check it out this evening!Great band! Good fried pickles, really good service.I think I heard the best bands here during my time in New Orleans, although not one venue that we went to had bad music.
I came here on Saturday and Sunday night, and on both the place was hopping. Be mentally prepared to stand to watch the bands. And if you do snag a seat odds are the view won't be ideal. Both nights we weren't up close, but it's very loud so you'll at least be able to hear the music. 
On Sunday we were nearly at the second stage (which didn't have a band at it). That night we snagged some fried pickles, and they were mighty tasty! Definitely pop in here if you're on Frenchmen: the no-cover charge was also a bonus (although most venues don't seem to have a cover, but a few do).Nice atmosphere and it was the only bar on Frenchman street that was playing music @ 1 on a Sunday. Our server was a sweetheart and the music vibe was good. Had some appetizers and a got to watch the game all while listening to sounds of New Orleans.This place will make a local out of me someday.  Great music, food and drinks.  Great atmosphere on Frenchmen street.The service was awful and I would not recommend this place.  The waitress pushed us to order drinks repeatedly but we had to push her to take our food order.  We sat for over an hour waiting for our food. The waitress said the kitchen was the hold up yet every table near us ordered after us & received their food well before us.  When we complained, the waitress brought us extra dressing...but nothing to put it on.  Several of the orders were wrong & we ultimately gave up on 2 of them yet they still appeared on the receipt initially. We did not feel the waitress deserved the full group gratuity that was added to the receipt.My wife and I live in the lower Quarter and walk Frenchmen almost every night so we have popped in Bamboula's many times for a drink and to hear one of our favorite local artists.  Last night we decided we would try the food - which we haven't since the first week Bamboula's was open.    In a nut shell we ordered food  - paid for it,  took their little sign to our table so they would bring it to us,  ask about it after 30 mins and were told "oh you're up next - stay at your table and we will bring it,  waited another 30 mins for it,  didn't get it and all of a sudden they had never seen our heard of us - and then we were insulted in escalating fashion by a "manager" or two.    They were so condescending ....as if we had made the big scheme to sit and drink for an hour with the silly #23 sign at our table (Javier Gutierrez of Vivaz was great BTW...go see them, and Dana Abbott was great as usual)  so we could scam them out of a couple burgers.    And then I went back in out of principle to ask for my $ back they refused that too...some continuing talk of the receipt.   
We have a lot of very good choices in the lower quarter and the MarignyGreat live music , friendly service and tasty snacks!  It was a good choice for a stop on Frenchmen street as we were wandering around! Loved the fried green tomatoes!Great music venue on Frenchman Street with NO COVER!!! We were wandering around trying to hear some jazz, but everywhere was a bit above our budget.  We got to Bamboula's and walked right in.  Within a few minutes, another group left and we were able to get a table right next to the stage.  Had a few drinks, listened to some great music, and enjoyed the night!Great little bar/restaurant on Frenchman St.   No cover the night we went in, so not sure if there ever is one or not. 
Walk in and there is a long bar on the left and a band stage on the right with a few tables in front of the stage and on the side. A little further into the place shows that there are way more tables and I believe a few booths.  
The music that drew us into the place was fabulous. I know the night before we had walked past and they had a great band that night as well. Looking for great music?? Check this place out. I was able to buy a CD of the band - so glad that I did. Still cant say enough about how fabulous they were. 
The food was delicious! I had the shrimp Po' Boy. with some fries. Bartender was always on key with a fresh beer as soon as I finished one. Shrimp Po'Boy came out and WOW!! It was huge !! The bartender actually laughed at me when I went to try and eat it. Fresh French bread - crunchy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside. Large size shrimp, fried perfectly, a little sauce and some lettuce. Simple and delicious. You must try this po'boy if you go here. Unfortunately I was unable to eat it all, I did try my very very best though. 
Good cold beer? Great music? Fantabulous food? YES, YES and YES. Check this place out if you are on Frenchmen St.Awful service! If you are visiting NOLA save your time and $ and don't walk into this place. We went for drinks and Tacos on a Tuesday night. We didn't go for the insectarium, but got it! We all had the tacos and as we were eating a cockroach came out of one of the tacos on our friends plate. She quickly ran it over to show the staff and from there faces they saw it also. The manager came to our table rudely asking "what is the problem" . As we explained the situation he offered to comp the ONE plate of tacos. All of us at the table ordered the same tacos and quickly lost our appetites after seeing this roach. This manager agreed he wouldn't eat it either if he saw the roach. We said we would gladly pay for our drinks.... but we couldn't even eat our food and he clearly saw that. The waitress who quickly brought the food to the kitchen disagreed about seeing the roach!! It was a live roach, i hope it ran into her hair! No customer service here at all. This place is a big fat zero star!!Music was great! But there was a live cockroach enjoying the music in my friends fish taco. Right away my friend takes the taco to the bar to let them know. Everyone on our table stopped eating their food. Unfortunately, I finished my fish tacos..maybe the hot sauce killed the bacteria. Anyways, one of the waitresses comes by and says I can't find the cockroach.  Well, it probably took off to venture some were else. The manager, Frank, comes by and says the he can only take off the 1 dish that had the cockroach and wouldn't refund the other fish taco dishes that we stopped eating!  He agreed if he was in the same situation, he wouldn't eat the rest of the food. But there was no empathy or customer service on his end...he didn't mind having a bad review after we told him we were going to give one. He didn't mind getting the bad review.  Our waiter was apologetic and understanding and said that they have a customer service line to call.  Anyways, check your food for bugs before eating and enjoy the live entertainment.Lots of room, tables and dancing space.
Great music the night we were there.
Recommend!My husband and I were passing by this bar when we heard an amazing band . We couldn't help but go inside. We had such a great experience. Great, fun service. They don't cram tables in there. You actually had room to breathe and listen to the smooth jazz soundsWe were extremely disappointed in the lack of professionalism displayed for our group of seven. Even though gratuity was included, I felt that it was a service unworthy of our time and money. Burgers were over cooked, fries were cold and the last plate was brought out to the table almost fifteen minutes after we received the first two. I am impressed as to how things could be so butchered and this was only a fraction of the complaints we had. 
When I come back, I sure as hell won't be dining or drinking at your establishment.All the stars here are for the live music. It was excellent.
Service was not great. It was a holiday weekend and it must be the manager's first one because obviously they were not prepared. It was not a well oiled machine. All the servers didn't even say a word to each other. Sat for 45 minutes, invisible. 
The beers are good but is that really to their credit? 
Important:
DO NOT EAT HERE.
Food was horrible. It's a bit later on in the evening and even though I'm not that hungry, I *have* to get something right now, even if it's just to get the awful taste of that crap grease out of my mouth.
Go have dinner somewhere else, and then come and enjoy the atmosphere and the music here.Great server, cold beer, typical bar food, clean air/smoke free, good live music, New Orleans vibes, clean bathrooms, this mid day afternoon.  Y'all come on in!!!The security guard DEMANDED to see our service dog's papers and ID papers. There is no such thing, according to LA & federal law. I tried to help him understand this & he refused to listen. I asked for a manager, he refused to get one, told me I needed to get a police officer to prove myself. I refused to move until a manager was obtained, he started throwing the "f" word around, and got out his flip phone to call the police on me. I left to to call Bamboulas - while trying to leave a message, the security guard left his post to come down the street to harass us. I called for help and he replied "are you f***ing kidding me?!" We have filed a complaint with the ADA from Miason, a GREAT bar next door.Food is pretty good for a bar! Live music is awesome! Great bands, great beer, super nice serversGreat food and great music! I happened to walk in during lunch when a band is just finish setting up and started their show. The vibe was nice. The fried seafood basket we got was really good. Plenty of food for two people. I went back later that night. It was still poppingWhat do you do when you're strolling around NOLA in the late morning ... find a place that serves $5 margaritas.  This place has a great ambiance. 
Great drinks' and a very good 3 piece band made my morning.
Too bad we found Bamboula's so late in our trip. I would love to have tried some of their food.Great location on Frenchmen Street to listen to live music, get a drink and grab a bite. We had their po' boy sandwich and fried green tomatoes...simply delicious!! We loved the decor and the open door access to the street...our waitress was super nice and personable! Only down side, we had to wait a loonnngggg time for our food and drinks.  Maybe it's a Big Easy thing not to rush but it was an excessive wait to get our drinks and food.Not a great experience. The place looked pretty good and I saw coconut shrimp on the menu, so I went in. The band was good and the place is new and clean but the food is not at all good and I was not too happy with one of the servers. 
So, the woman who took our drinks order asked what my party wanted. I'd already had a drink elsewhere that was pretty strong and didn't want alcohol. I was ordering food, so I forgot I was in a bar, not a restaurant, and said, "just water for me." I don't hear so well and the music was pretty loud, so I turned my attention back to the musicians when the server started yelling, "Ma'am, Ma'am!" at me. When that got my attention, she informed me there was a one drink minimum. Fine. I ordered a soda water with a squeeze of lime. The waitress didn't have to take that tone.
Needless to say, I was less than happy when the shrimp came. The guy who brought the shrimp seemed nice enough, unlike the drinks waitress, but then there was the food. It was FIVE, count them, FIVE shrimp which were undoubtedly frozen, not fresh, extremely greasy, and with a very thick, overcooked crust on them. This cost over $10.  I will not be darkening the door of this establishment again and take it as a sign of the deterioration of Frenchmen Street, which has become Bourbon Street Jr. Why two stars? The decent band and the clean bathroom.We stopped in for drinks and music.  The band was awesome.  The $5 hurricanes hit the spot.  The customers were very laid back sitting listening to the music. Definitely much better than the bourbon street crowds Only critique would be that our waiter had no personalityThis is the type of place I think of when I think New Orleans.
Awesome crowd, amazing band and a great atmosphere when sipping on some local Abita beer.
I would love to come back and I highly suggest anybody looking for a great New Orleans time to head here. Stay away from Bourbon and hang out on Frenchmen.Stumbled upon the grand opening last night and a friendly bouncer welcomed us in. The space is nice and clean with plenty of seating and tables. It had sort of a sit down vibe like Three Muses but the place is wider and the stage is larger. The beer and liquor offerings seemed pretty typical for Frenchmen. Will still need to hit dba for a beer selection. There was a food counter in the back too. See photo for items. 
One of the bartenders mentioned that the back space was going to become and concert hall type space. We didn't stay very long because we weren't feeling the country twang band, but I'd check this place out again to see what kind of music they present.Great ambiance, great music, friendly service.
Not my first time here, and hopefully not rhe last.  Worth a visit!Pretty cool place, popped in to hear some music and relax and it was just the spot. The band was great, and the guitar player had some chops! So I was able to geek out on that. :D 
Our server gets 5 stars. The name on the check said Courage, so I believe that was her name. Very nice and friendly, took care of us, brought us tasters of local beers, and was overall friendly and funny. 
Beers were good, I went through a coupe of the local beers, I think Abita and some others. 
Overall cool place, good music, cold beers. Nice spot to relax in the Big Easy.Excellent drinks; bartenders know their stuff, however food service was terrible. After an hour still had no service. Live music was great; so if you just want drinks and a great band, check it out.  Just don't come hungrySweet potato fries and Bloody Mary's for jazz on Sunday afternoon?  Must be Bamboula's on Frenchmen in NOLA!  Great place to chill and relax.The good: the live music (everyday) was great as was the people watching. Who can get enough of older and younger couples alike dancing their butts off? The strawberry Abita (seasonal) on tap was also a definite plus.
The bad: when we came, we came for both food and drinks. We walked up to the back ordering bar to order our food and the guy there was not happy to have to go fetch a menu so we could see all they offer. As we waited for him to return, a waitress told us we could just sit and she would take care of us. So we did. Order taking guy was not pleased. So my boyfriend orders a soda and I ordered my beer. Strange looks he just ordered a soda. Hey, some people don't drink! So we get our drinks and it takes a good while to place our order. Then the waiting really begins. We alert the waitress that we have work soon and can't be here too long. She comes back apologizing because "the printer that prints out orders was offline." Then how did other tables who ordered right before and right after us get their food?? Hmm. Unclear on whether she said she was just taking the food off the bill or was just canceling it altogether, my boyfriend goes to ask her to clarify but waitress was too frantic to give an answer. After 45 mins we finally got our bar food.
Moral: come here if you have time (and patience) to sit and chill for a bit. Great atmosphere, somewhat lacking service. The food did all eventually arrive. Chicken tenders get an A, fries get a B-, Mac and cheese gets a D, friend green tomatoes get an A. And the food was in fact not comped off at all. I did get a free beer but did not drink it as I usually only have one drink anywhere I go. Would've told the waitress that if she stuck around a few more minutes.A great atmosphere but the food is subpar. Catfish poboy is good but the burger I ordered was over cooked and flavorless. Good alcohol selectionMusic is GREAT. But do not even try to get a drink in the front bar.  The bar tender saw me standing with my money and continued to ignore me.  The woman beside me said that the bar tender was nasty to her.  Finally, the bar tender came over and said in a real snarky way..."you know we can see you."  Then she just walked away. Guess my Money not important to this bar. So I just listened to the music.  Good deal for me.It's a barish restaurant with cafe-like tables and chairs so it's not elbow-to-elbow room here.  Come for a drink and enjoy some live music while you're at it.  
Drink prices are really cheap here so that's a plus.  Defintely one of the nicer, non-dingy bars on Frenchman Street.Good music, but the service is probably the worst I have ever had. Took forever for anyone to acknowledge us, then once our drink order was taken it took 20 min. just to get them. Forget about actually having your server check on you.Fantastic new music venue on Frenchmen St. 
Came in on opening night and the staff was friendly and welcoming. They have a nice size stage for performances, plenty of seating and they serve food! The place is beautifully done with murals on the walls and an entirely renovated space. The band was on a break for most of the time that we were here, but I will definitely be back to check out everything that this new venue has to offer.Nice security guy at the door, great music.  After 20 minutes sitting at a table waiting for someone to take our drink/food orders, we left.  No one needs to be thirsty in NOLA.Comparing this place to the others I popped in on, it was pretty cool. Needed a little something on the stomach(ya know) so I had the crab cakes. Surprising to me, they were better tasting, had more crab and nicely prepared with sauce and few veggies. I also liked the size of the place with the stage in the back although only one band was playing then.Excellent crab cakes, jazz and blues! You can't go wrong. Rachel, our bartender, was friendly and full of great information about tours, food and local must see places to visit.Don't order food here unless you have a few hours to kill. The service is entirely too slow. I know we're in the South, and things move slower here, but the service here is a 7 car pileup. It wasn't very busy tonight, but they are understaffed for the business. The music and drinks are fine, but the food service isn't worth the wait.Pretty decor and great music...but, they need a new bar manager. After only two nights being open half of their draft beers are out and they barely had any wines to drink as of 8pm.Checked this place out at 11pm on a Wednesday night, had ID checked and asked to respect the 1 drink minimum to enjoy the live music, which seemed reasonable. Really great talent, seriously good live music, so it was totally worth it. Better music than was being played anywhere else on Frenchman street.Originally my bf and I wanted to check out the DBA because yelpers gave the place great reviews for jazz but unfortunately their performers wouldn't be on stage until 11pm after the saints game. No biggie we decided to walked down frenchman street, and check out the art alley. We were passing bambolas when we heard a cover band playing some bomb music and decided to chill and have a couple of drinks there. Walked up to the bar got our abitas and found a place to sit. Very chill atmosphere, great drinks, good food, and awesome music.the real deal for authentic NOLA! excellent music, food is good, drinks keep comin' - highly recommend this spot for real, live music and typically amazing dancing to watch or partake in!Don't want to judge based on a Saturday afternoon. Just okay blues. Bartender insisted a friend tip for a cup of water (after we picked up a round of drinks), just not great.Go early and stake out a table. The food is great, and the bands will make you want to dance!  We went on a Saturday night, so there was a crowd all night. The servers were really hoofing it to keep up with drinks and food orders, but managed to keep our group happy.Decided to stop here for a quick bite to eat while exploring Frenchmen St. Live music was playing and there were plenty of people enjoying themselves, so it seemed like the right place.
Food service was a little slow, but with good music there was enough to fill the time. Food was pretty good, most notably the burger. Server was polite (but again, pretty slow). All in all, worth the visit. But I wouldn't focus on this place for the food specifically.
I'd come back again, but probably just for a drink and some music.
AND THAT'S THE WORD! (RIP Colbert Report...)The place was ok, nothin special. The server was friendly and I did like the band and female performer. They have seating at the bar, on dining tables, and high top tables. There's some room to dance as well.  However, nothin for me to return to.We loved this bar for the live music, ambiance and beer selection. We saw swing 17 play here and were enthralled.I came here Wednesday night it is a nice chill spot. I didn't eat here but the live music was great , server was attentive, and  my Long Island was good and strong lol  lots of other live music to enjoy on street as well.Come for the jazz, but don't stay for the terrible service. It took over 45 minutes to be even approached by a server, another 30 for the food to come out, and even then two orders were missing for another 10-15 minutes. We asked to speak to a manager, and despite telling him we did not want another round of drinks to make up for the blunder, we were sent them anyways (which was only 4 out of 6 people...the two people with the missing orders were not even asked what they would like to drink...). Two stars is a generous rating for terrible Southern "hospitality"...and is really only a credit to the fantastic musicians. Additionally, to the waitstaff: please do shots out of sight of the tables that have been waiting far too long for their service - it doesn't help your cause.Sweet copper bar and ceiling. Very large place but open and comfortable. The live music was pretty good, that's what lured us in. Pretty good prices in the good draught beer (12-16oz.) friendly staff. Nice location. Would return for dinner. Did not eat, hence only 3 stars. Really liked the atmosphere. Bathrooms are the clean and well lit, same with restaurant/bar.I walked in and sat towards the back near the kitchen.  4 employees in the back cooking.  Not 1 glove.  Even watched one employee plate food with his bare hands.  All 4 of them handling raw and cooked food cross contaminating with bare hands and no one washed hands.  For obvious reasons I didn't stick around to try the food.After reading some of the reviews here we decided to make Bamboulas our first stop on Frenchmen's Street. We were excited by the promise of cheap drinks and decent live music. When we got there we went straight to the bar to get drinks. There were two of us, and we were served relatively quickly. We ordered two beers on tap, and after paying I put my change in my wallet in order to pull out some $1's to tip. As I was looking through my wallet the bar tender stood there waiting, and finally said--not even a minute later--"just a life tip, if you want good service at a bar and really if you are just being a decent person you should tip." I immediately apologized as I found my cash and told him I had never been planning on not tipping. He clearly did not care and brushed me off. Never have I been treated so rudely by a bartender. We will not be returning due to this service.Great place for music and drinks. We didn't order food but we sat near the kitchen and noticed orders sitting for quite a while before being delivered. Not sure how good those wereFavorite bar on Frenchman Street for music. Great drinks and amazing live music! Love it!Go for the food!  While listening to their nice band and drinking their nice beer, I got the munchies. Wow, good stuff!  I ordered the sweet potato fries, fried okra, and a slider trio of jerk chicken, pulled pork and brisket.  Awesome food made fresh and served with a smile.  Love this place.One of the first things I heard when I told friends that I was going to New Orleans was, "you have to go to Frenchman Street." I heeded that advice (obviously...) We were walking down the short stretch of Frenchman and across from the legendary Spotted Cat was Bamboula's. It was late afternoon and the doors were open and some really great sounding music completely lured us in. And we ended up staying....for three hours, through 2 more sets of Russell Welch's Hot Quartet (SO, SO GOOD!) The bloody marys were delicious! The wait staff couldn't have been nicer. We liked Bamboula's so much we stopped by 2 more times in the next 2 days. All of the music I've heard was great. And while it wasn't a place I'd thought of eating at, we split an oyster po'boy that was scrumptious. 
The music is free, which is a HUGE plus, but remember to tip the band!Stopped in for a quick drink and to listen to a few songs from the band.  They had ample seating and the drinks were fine.  I always love when bars have a self-serve water station.  It just makes the bartenders' and customers' lives so much easier.  The band playing at the time was pretty cool, but not sure we would have stopped in otherwise.Stopped here for lunch today and was not disappointed! The crab cakes and fried green tomatoes were delicious. As far as atmosphere and music goes, I'm not sure if I could've found any better. Would definitely recommend, at least for an appetizer.Heard this was the real Nola. Not disappointed. The drinks and live music were awesome. Live music WAS awesome. Go check it out.+ Great music (Kala Bazaar Swing Society and this Amy Winehouse tap-dancing look alike)
+ Not too claustrophobic
+ Usable two-stall restroom that didn't seem too dirty on a Saturday mid-day
+ Quick bar service
+ Accepts credit cards
- A little harsh with my friend and her Emotional Support AnimalAdorable spot!  Great music and friendly bartenders.  Off the main path so it feels a little more organic than right in the quarter.  It's also near some other really cool spots!  Check it out!!Came here while wandering around Marigny with some friends. The bar staff were friendly and the drinks prices were decent. What I appreciated was the fact that there was a live band, no cover and plenty of places to sit. It was a little on the loud side but not enough to be unable to hold a conversation. Definitely going to be a new addition to my Frenchman street itinerary.Excellent time had at this off-broadway location. Ziadaco was great to dance to, while the warm up band was traditional 1920 Big band Jazz. Food was actually decent. Video won't upload, only a picture.Great live music!! Great drinks, great crowd. Beautiful dive bar!! Ask the bartender to surprise youMusic is GREAT. But do not even try to get a drink in the front bar bitch waitress - standing with my money being ignored. She finally comes over and says "you know we can see you. ". Walked away. Guess my Money not important to this bar. Si listening to the music and not giving a tip. Good deal for me.Nice spot on Frenchman to watch some live music. I love the older style Pressed tin ceiling. it gives the place that old NOLA feel. The S/O and I have been going here for a few years off and on to catch some acts when we are in the area and always seem to have some fun...
They offer food also, but we've never tried anything...but after seeing the table next to ours last night, I might have to change that next time. Looked good. Drinks are priced about the norm for the area. I had an Amber for about $5...
if you are just walking Frenchman with nothing to do it's worth a stop in if they have music.Stole my credit card and the owner tried to charge $250.00 on it.  Of course any place on Frenchmen will have great music. Avoid these crooks at all costs.  Worst place in New Orleans.  Gives it a bad name.Great venue if you want to be able to sit and listen to good music. There are tables in the back where you can hear the music great without having to stand in a crowd up front. This puts Bamboula's apart from most other places on Frenchman where there is minimal seating. Drinks are good and reasonably priced. Didn't try the food but it looked like they have a nice bar/snacking menu.We always end up here for food and to pregame. The food is pretty good and the staff are all friendly. Live music and an overall awesome vibe without being too touristy. 
Do try: fried pickles, chicken tenders, loaded nachos, spin dip, coconut shrimp (small portion but delicious), fries
Be mindful : blues burger, hangover burger (over cooked and over salted)Stopped in here on our first night into town because the band was poppin. The door guy was nice and gave us the 2 last seats in the bar. We had a few drinks and a couple appetizers, the fried green tomatoes were yummy! So were the coconut shrimp. Bar tender was great and gave us a few tips for navigating the city. Great place to hear some music and grab a bite to eat.We dropped in for my boyfriend's birthday last night and had a good old time. The music drew us in and the music kept us there until the place shut down. Great band with some serious blues and solid cover choices. It was busy when we walked in but the crowd slowly faded down - it was a Sunday after midnight, after all. The drinks were reasonable and the crowd was mature - this ain't Bourbon Street (thank goodness).Great place. Wonderful music - we stopped by a couple times both during the day on Sunday and work night. Good drinks. Clean with nice décor and friendly atmosphere.We were lucky enough to find this place to spend a little time on a Wednesday afternoon.  The music was great, and the beer was cold - we'll be back!When you don't want the dirty gritty feeling of Bourbon Street there is always Frechman St. and with everyone talking about Bamboula's I had to check it out. This place was packed the live band was great playing awesome blues. The drinks were decently priced but the appetizers were pretty disappointing. Our waitress also wasn't very tentative and every time I wanted a drink just ended up walking over to the bar. Overall this place is a solid 3.Amazing food & music. Awful service. I think the wait staff is working hard but there's clearly no management and it's utter chaos took us an hour and a half to get a beer and a sandwich.What a great time! I can't give it 5 stars because we didn't try any food.  Servers and bartender were simply fun and the live music was awesome.  It's a great place to chillax away from the crowds. If we lived in NOLA, this would qualify as one of our regular hangouts. Really good place to take in a game or just get away and enjoy. 
Thanks so much ladies! Watching the Saints game with you all was a good highlight of our trip.There was a wonderful band playing here when we arrived. The combination of jazz, blues and rock was pretty interesting. The older guy playing trumpet played two trumpets at a time and it was fun listening to the eclectic music. I would say the place has a nice ambience for having a few beers while listening to some good music.we stopped in for a madras during fqf.  the drink tasted okay.  we left after one song and went to maison.The waitress informed us of everything she would recommend on the menu and she even gave us advice on other places to go and drinks in NOLA. Our party of six loved all the dishes we ordered and the atmosphere and music was on point.Wonderful place. We came here quite a bit. Great atmosphere, wonderful service, friendly bartenders, great drinks and awesome live music make for an evening well spent. Frenchmen St. is where it's at. Here is where you come for real, good music. This is the place to come on Frenchmen. Loved it here!Checked out this place our first night in New Orleans and it was great introduction to the Big Easy.
Pros:
+Cool vibe - exactly how you would picture a New Orleans Blues joint
+Awesome blues
+No cover
+They have tables so you can sit down (if you can get a seat)
Cons: Super crowdedThis place is so stingy. It's 7pm and empty but there are so many rules. 1 drink minimum per person per set is normal but then they won't let you sit at certain tables with smaller groups even when it's empty. Most of the tables are for 4 or more. But if you have a table of 5 then they charge extra gratuity. Guess it's best to come here with 4 people only.Music is great but service needs much improvement. Stopped there twice for the music and both times service was slow and inconsistent. Also, no prices on the beer menu.Great spot if you like Cockroaches.. this is probably the WORST establishment I have ever been to. Service is awful and anytime we wanted something we had to physically walk to the bar to get it. Servers walk around like they're busy but ultimately do next to nothing and could not be bothered to help. Eventually we asked management if we could get someone to come to our table to place an order for food, he said he would send someone over and after waiting about 45 minutes they never came. We decide to get up and leave and as we stand up we notice a massive cockroach scurrying across the wall.. that was the last straw. Servers are rude. Management is clueless and doesn't care. The bar is dirty and has cockroaches crawling around. 
They need to just shut this place down and let someone else do it better. Wouldn't even use the bathroom here againA neat spot--nice atmosphere. An excellent jazz trio was playing when we were there. Oddly, you can't order food from your waiter, you have to walk to a window in the back and order and pay separately. The food was good and came fairly quickly. All in all not bad, but not surprising it's one of the emptier bars on Frenchmen.So if you want a New Orleans experience then this is the place to be. Far from Bourbon Street this little place has the food, the drinks but most of all the live music you want. As a person who try's hard to stay away from the tourist places this is the you want to just hangout.Good food, good music,
good prices.  Walked around New Orleans and found this place on Frenchman Street.  If your looking for a place to eat on Tuesday this is it.  Fish tacos on this night.  The band we saw was terrific.  So good we went another night on the same trip.  Another band same great ambiance.Came to eat and watch some jazz. The ja WAS AMAZING. Food was great. We had the bacon cheddar burger and the catfish PO Boy. Very fresh and not over done. Reason I am giving a 2 Star not. 5. Due to the customer service. Took them 25 mins to just have someone they us water. I asked about the coconut shrimp and was told it was frozen not to get it.  I will not be returning cuz I am from NVFun live music earlier in the day so I don't have to wait until after dinner to finally get some decent music.Overall this place had a lot of character and was an okay stop for my group on Frenchman Street. There was a one drink minimum per person and a live band playing when we walked in. Hurricane drinks were $12 and beer a little less than that. The band was nothing special but a little pushy about getting tips and came back to our table twice in about 45 min shaking their tip jar despite some of our group throwing in a dollar or two the first time. 
I was in a large group looking to eat and we were able to be seated in the back all together which was nice. The server, Josh, was great and made sure to correct my order when it didn't come out right the first time (kitchens mistake). I would sick to the po boy sandwiches if I was eating there again as the burgers all came out well done and were dry. The rest of my group seemed to enjoy their po boys though. 
Women's bathrooms were what you would expect for a bar but usable.Good food, fairly quick service.  Wait staff so-so. Prices so-so.   Good music while you eat.  Club at night.Good music,  nice atmosphere,  but only traditional bar food, not NOLA cuisine.   I had the PB & J burger; my son had the Caribbean burger. Good burgers & buns, service was also good.Busy Saturday night, but one of the only places along Frenchman not charging cover to see a live band. Disappointed that the bar didn't have the ingredients to make a NOLA staple, a sazerac. We settled for two Abitas and sat on the front window sill to enjoy the Blues band playing. Average priced drinks, small dance floor, and most of the crowd is middle-aged. Not outstanding, but not horrible either.What a great find!  Stopped in on our first tour of Frenchman Street, enjoyed some recommended​ drinks, really loved the fried green tomatoes and caught an amazing show by a bunch of musicians who had only met today!  WOw, one of the best performances we caught in NOLA.  Wait staff a little overwhelmed by a packed house on a Monday afternoon but they pulled it together just fine.  A great time!We went here last night we didn't go to the bar part but we went to the murder mystery dinner. It was fun! The food was not so good. But they had drinks lots n lots of drinks and they are cheap. They were pretty good. I t was our first time here we got our tickets off of groupon it was like 29 for 2 people dinner and a show. For that price I'd go again but because it was so cheaply made I definitely wouldn't pay more than that to go again. They have a menu with 3 selections that you can choose from. They need to have a regular menu and let people choose what they want to eat. The menu needs improvement. Other than that we had a good time!We were taking it easy on Frenchman Street on a Sunday evening and after a few laps around, we wanted to park somewhere and listen to some music. On location and venue, it looked like a potential home-run spot that was in between sets.
The venue is dressed in a light colored wood and had seats close to the stage and tucked away, and all in all feels like a cool music venue with a bit of NOLA soul.
Flash forward a few minutes to the actual band coming on stage and it became abundantly clear why there were so many open seats. From the first squealing hack on the guitar it was obvious that this was a 'dad band' that was pieced together. These guys had whatever the opposite of band chemistry is. They sort of just picked away at the guitar, treating a 10 minute song like one intense solo. 
It looked like someone pulled the fire alarm with the mass exodus towards the doors, and when we walked by later, it was as sparse as a cool bar could be on a busy night.
I'd definitely give Bamboula's a chance again, but would pre-screen the music outside before heading in.Tourist trap. Waited 20 minutes for my order of chips and dip and then asked what was up, server said he forgot to tell the chef about my order very nonchalantly. Another 20 minutes go by and we are finally given our food, which was pretty bad. There were tons of chips and almost no dip. Both the salsa and the bean dip were odd.Nice blues music with cheap drinks and decent food. 1 drink minimum for the band which was totally reasonable. The kitchen didn't have what I order because they ran out. The manager and chef were very kind to make me something close. Plus they reimbursed me. Good people and good vibe.NOTE: My original review was removed because certain people felt the need to whine to Yelp because they didn't agree with my assessment of this venue. So, I added a few more details, and hopefully the cry babies won't win this time round. I've been going to see live music since I was 16 years old (I'm 47 now), and I've worked in the music industry just as long, so I feel qualified to tell you this: Bamboula's kinda sucks. Like most of the clubs on Frenchmen, it's a tourist's fantasy of what a cool music venue should be. Like just about every place in town, it's home to struggling, young jazz musicians playing 30s/40s standards. Not to say there aren't some talented musicians to be found on the stage here - there is A LOT of talent in NOLA - it's just that you have to wade through the usual, middling rock & blues cover bands to get to something of substance. As for the food, the only thing I've eaten here was chips & salsa, and it was pretty mediocre. I just found the entire place to be dirty and unappealing in every way. Really, I've only been here once when I didn't want to leave after ten minutes. Frenchmen is kinda like the Bourbon St. of live music - it's not all horrible, and there are fun places like Spotted Cat (also WAY overpraised), but mostly it's the same ole thing up and down the strip. And for the people that all of these joints cater to, I'm sure they're more than happy with that.We stopped here on our first night on the Frenchmen street. We heard a great blues band playing and jumped in.
The musicians were very talented and it was a fun listening to them.
However we ordered two hurricanes since we knew that hurricane is really special to NOLA. However it was really sweet and didnt taste like a real hurricane and it was really expensive compared to Pat O'Briens where the hurricane was born.
So definitely check the bands out however dont drink a hurricane here.Stopped in for a quick drink and to use the bathroom on the way back to our B&B.
Not only was my husband followed into the bathroom by a so called "patron" named Peter, this patron basically forced his way into our conversation. He sat beside us and called ME rude for not turning toward HIM while talking.!! The bartender even agreed with him. I think they both we involved in some sort of scam on tourists. He kept telling me he makes documentaries. (cant imagine about what)
We tried to be polite until he started asking us inappropriate sexual questions. That's when we left.  CREEPY!!
Not a good experience  AT ALL!We love this place we went to New Orleans for 5 days and were here everyday. Great music, cheap drinks, nice Sunday brunch!The sound of the clarinet called me to this place! I got to the door, and the band sounded amazing, so I went inside. The ambience is great there, with an open feel and brick walls. I sat at the bar, ordered a hurricane and a crab cake salad. The bartender was amazing. The crab cakes were delicious. I had such a great time!Fun atmosphere to Bamboula's with fun music. We were honestly expecting average-below average bar food, but were pretty impressed with the burgers.  The barbeque burger was delich! Great atmosphere for Frenchman Street!Awesome band brought us in.  Reasonable prices for drinks and a fun atmosphere made it a perfect way to end the night on a high note.  Come ready to dance!We never got our food!  We were a party of four and got seated right away on April 11, a Tuesday. There weren't too many people eating anymore as it was later on like 9pm. We all ordered many drinks along with nachos to start and then each ordered tacos. After about 30 min and another round of drinks our waitress assured us the nachos were coming soon. We were enjoying the music and not too concerned, although we did think it was taking a while. After an hour we still didn't have our nachos and the waitress seemed like she wasn't sure what was happening. We finally decided to leave because we were starving. After paying $70 for all our drinks I asked to see the manager who's only excuse for the food never coming was the kitchen was "overwhelmed". Overwhelmed on a Tuesday?  Not even during a festival and a partially empty dining room?  What the?  He didn't seem too concerned about our hunger and refused to give us anything to make up for it, despite my suggestion of a free round of drinks. Advice: don't go hungry!Nachos were overdone and could have used more meat and sour cream. They stuck to the paper and you couldn't get them out. The cheese was only on the ones at the bottom. There was only a little bit of salsa to go with. Very dry, don't order.Lauren was an amazing waitress and Smoky Greenwell and his band were incredibly entertaining. We'd highly recommend this to anyone visiting the French Quarter and looking for a chill place to relax and listen to some nice blues music.This place is great. Right across from the Frenchmen hotel, we stopped in for some appetizers before hitting the festival again. We were not disappointed. The live music pulled us in. It was an old style jazz and tap group that really set the mood and genuine New Orleans feel. We opted for Louisiana favorites of crab cakes and fried green tomatoes. The portions for the tomatoes was on the skimpy side but the crab cakes were very plump. They were presented very well and tasted even better. I can't complain about anything they had to offer and would definitely be back if I'm in the area again.Good food ! Good music ! Amazing service! We went in for lunch and enjoyed the band , service, and atmosphere so much that we decided to return for a late dinner and drinks ! I highly recommend the fried oysters!I stopped at Bamboulas for dinner and a beer on my last day in NOLA. I'm writing this as a not-too-touristy tourist, so I can't compare the scene to the rest of Frenchmen Street or the city, but just as a bar in general. 
I had a great time. Bamboula's is newer, but it did get packed when the music started. I got a good table and there are plenty of seats to choose from. The stage and bar set up is great; you can sit close to hear, or in the back "hallway" area if you wanna talk. There are TVs if you get a bit bored too. 
The drinks prices were good. I'm poor so I ordered PBR, $3. 
The food was much better than expected. The slider trio was $10, I think - and the sliders were damn big. The pulled pork and beef brisket were very flavorful and great texture. Tons of food. 
People seemed happy. Pretty laid back crowd, mixed ages, but It was pretty early. 
The bartenders were great and eager to please, busting their butts. The guy (my bartender) was a total sweetheart. I got my food fast. 
Suggestions? All about the food (ambiance was perfect): 
Chicken salad was kind of boring, needed something crunchy or something. Lettuce, carrot, celery? I don't know. 
Throw some seasoning on the sweet potato fries - so easy, do a creole blend or something. Or double fry those bad boys. 
Otherwise great! Thanks for the time.After being letdown by the Spotted Cat and Cafe Negril, we wandered in here after hearing the alluring sounds of Lil' Red and Big Bad. WHAT A VOICE! We didn't stay long because it was nearly closing time when we walked in, but for the three or four songs we heard, we were hooked! 
The interior is kinda sensual with a latin flair--certainly one of the better looking spots we'd seen on Frenchmen. I just wish we had started the night here instead of wasting it at other places. Go!We loved our visits to Bamboula's to listen and dance to fabulous music in the evenings. Many people simply listen and drink at the bar or eat dinner, but others Dance Dance Dance!
We've heard great blues, rock and roll, soul, and New Orleans beats. Some you could try to catch
are  Ed Wills, the Caesar  Brothers, and Juju Child. All three are local and top flight live music.
There's no cover charge, friendly people, good food, and strong drinks. Fantastic place to hear the real deal.I just dropped in for a cold drink on a hot day. I did not expect live music. This introduced me to traditional Dixieland jazz. I eagerly bought both CDs from the band. I recommend this to all other visitors to New Orleans for a lazy Sunday afternoon.First stop in this year's visit to FQ. Loved the band! Very Louie Armstrong,-esque! We ordered the ribs, fried okra & fried pickles. Even my picky friend loved the food.We weren't greeted by anyone, so we took a table (after a patron approached and sat themselves). We weren't greeted by a server (she was extremely busy) so we ordered drinks from the bar. We wanted to order food but no one came to greet us at all, so we decided to watch the band and see how they were. The bass and guitar players were arguing just a little and the vibe was way off, so we decided to leave. Not a huge deal but not fun.A darn good $5 hurricane for happy hour! They had a pretty good band playing as well. It has a funky and fun vibe. There's a huge stage in the back too.Disappointing. Ambivalent service, aircon was too cold and food and drinks very average for the price. Won't go back.Today there is an amazing band called Emily Estrella Jazz. They are jamming - Emily's voice is amazing. Drinks are great. It's a perfect afternoon in NOLA!Love this place.  Just got back from NOLA to So-cal.   Love this place and miss it already!!!   Thanks for a great time Babs!!Great food and fun environment. Very clean! If you like Jazz, this is the place to go!Heard some fine jazz while we were passing by by this small place on Frenchman on Saturday afternoon, so we stopped in for a drink and stayed for the full set.  Great vocalist and combo playing jazz standards and some R&B.  No cover, good music, friendly bartender, happy crowd.  Why not?  Just another good reason to stick to Frenchman Street for good music.Great little bar/restaurant on Frenchmen Street that offers table service and live music! At the suggestion of the waitress, I had the roast beef po boy fully dressed. It was fantastic! Tender beef, succulent gravy, and crusty bread! The live blues band that was playing was a nice addition, though a little on the loud side, so I posted up toward the back.We kind of happened upon this place while walking down Frenchmen street and WOW! The music, the people, the ambience was exactly what you would expect in New Orleans. Great food, people were friendly, manager was a DOLL and even took our picture. Did I mention the food? They ran out of oysters but seriously it's ok bc I switched to a po boy and didn't regret it one bit! We had the best time here we will return soon!!FABULOUS service - waitress was smiley and went above and beyond to make us happy. Nice house wine served in glasses...thank goodness. To go cups available too. So I'm neurotic, but appreciated that they cleaned, WITH soap, all the tables and chairs between patrons. Food looked great, too!Although the music was quite good, the service was utterly atrocious. I held up my phone to take a picture and a waitress, some grotesque blonde pig with 4 stomachs and covered in tattoos, screamed her head off about not using flash photography. Couple that with our waitress, who paid us zero attention and refused to even acknowledge us, got zero tip, which is exactly what she deserved. Save your money and go elsewhere.From the time one walks in you feel the family vibe its clean and inviting and a place that can become a routine spot if you had the chance. i loved it and the food is perfect just what you need to tie one on...N.O has gems in so many spots and i seem to have found another...
Where else can you hear ALL MY KIDS ARE UGLY ...and enjoy itWhat drew us in was the atmosphere.  Really cool interior.  Great place to listen to music.  Bloody Mary's were good but not remarkable, but well priced at $6.
The only slightly annoying thing was that one on the waitresses was loud and a bit obnoxious (she seemed drunk or something).  She would yell and hoot even when the band was playing, which I thought was rude.  Anyways, a minor negative to an overall wonderful experience.In a month or two, I feel like this will be a 4-star place. The things they need to work on are all fixable, and our server told us they had a rushed opening, so I assume they'll address them as they go.
First of all, service was good. Staff is clearly eager to make the business work. Our server was Chance, but we had contact with others and they were all great. The food was really nice: the homemade chips served with the artichoke dip were cooked perfectly, and the stuffed hot peppers were delicious. Our only issue with the food was that the sliders had nothing on them. Perhaps they want to be purist about them, but it would be nice if that were mentioned on the menu. We like a lot going on with our burgers, so we expected more. 
Two more critiques, followed by two more compliments: the bartender should bone up a bit; I had to explain how to make an Old Fashioned. Also, the food ordering and drink ordering system needs to be consolidated. We were told to order/pay for our food at a counter, then open a separate tab at the table with the server for our drinks. Considering that businesses get charged a per-transaction credit card fee, it would just make good sense to find a way to combine those two, and would be simpler/nicer for the customer.
Now for the compliments: the music was great, pleasant and interesting but not intrusive on our conversation; and the interior design is very nice. Clearly a lot of thought was put into this place, and I look forward to seeing how they're doing on our next trip to NOLA.Great music, service attentive, decent draft beer selection! We came in because the Friday afternoon music was fantastic. Don't know why this place wasn't packed to the limit. The lead tap danced/stomped a storm!Love the new spot on Frenchmen. The renovation is really a charming combination of old and new. Beer selection is great and they have seasonal local brews, my favorite. The music that was featured was a very cool trio featuring a female vocalist. She was young yet had a soulful grit to her voice that matched the vibe of the place and  the street. It's a perfect fit. It works.Great local bands on Friday nights! We enjoyed a burger and a beer, fairly priced. The BAM burger is topped with chili and jalapeños and it is delicious! Great night spot on Frenchman street! Server was a doll and even recommended us with things to do around town.Great jazz on a cold winter Sugar Bowl afternoon. Scruffy fun none-too pretentious crowd.  Reasonable drinks. Friendly staff.  Super fun band. Really kicked it up.Just having drinks and listening to awesome, authentic jazz!! Gotta Love Life!! The vibe is chill and great to come as a group or even by yourself.Great music and friendly bar but inept management and bad food. 
Come here music and decent and reasonably priced drinks at the bar, but don't bother with the food. At all. They run out of things early and what they do have left over doesn't match the menu descriptions. 
The spinach and artichoke dip with pita chips was served with  deep fried tortilla chips. The only kind they claim they've ever served! And po' boys served without fries!I wanted to give 2 stars...but I can't due to the non existent alcohol pour by the bartender while serving two moscow mules.  $17 for two 12oz cocktails in plastic cups wasn't a problem, the use of an entire can of ginger beer during drink preparation was a dead giveaway that we just wasted a $20 bill to split a canned soda.We popped in here for a couple bands on a Sunday afternoon. A definite must if you want to experience the New Orleans music scene! There are a lot of places on Frenchman that have bands playing all day long so hop around for an afternoon or evening of entertainment.Gyspie Elise is just one of the best life voice I heard. She is fantastic. 
Too bad she sings in this bar where you can not drink unless you wait 20 min (minimum) at the bar (when send you to another bar tender to make your cocktail), whereas it is not crowded. 
2 stars for the wait ... This is sad because cocktails were really good.The venue is great, and usually the music is great. However, lately, the management has been mistreating their musicians by making them pay a fee to work there. And if musicians refuse to pay, the music booking person would take them off the schedule. That's a terrible way to conduct business. Will never go there again, and people shouldn't either. Go to Three Muses instead. Much nicer to their musicians.Great music, but walked out because of disgusting staff. Licking his fingers and container. The last straw was when he delivered our appetizer wiping his nose before and after touching our food. Guy looked stoned out of his mind.Music was great. Food and drinks were not bad either. Everything was going well until the wait staff disappeared when I needed to pay the check and leave. I am normally a good tipper and tipped the band appropriately. I didn't like the service so I tipped my absolute minimum (15% of the untaxed check). Apparently they didn't like this because when I reviewed my credit card statement, they added an extra buck. So, while I am not going to pursue this forgery with the credit card company, I would like to warn customers of this shady establishment.Only place to be on Frenchmen for live music and no cover all day.
Great place to day drink and share small plates with friends at a decent prize.I will say that the main reason I am giving this place four stars is the live music. We came in multiple times and every time there was a really good band playing. We ordered some drinks and relaxed. The service was fine. We ate some fried pickles which were just what i needed. I would definitely go back for the music.There's a bunch of live music going on up and down Frenchmen street, but we decided to stay here for a little while. It was nice and open, full of people but not nearly to the point where you felt claustrophobic. We were able to get a table with a view of the stage, so we relaxed, ordered a drink, and watched the show. There's a bunch of interesting characters that come through here, so half the time we were having more fun people watching than watching the band, but all in all, it was a good time.We read music is great on  Friday, band was great but except for singer they were all yawning. Service was soooo slow. The place is nice but empty until later at night. The establishment is very nice and spacious. The crab cakes were very good!!!! When we walked out the band was very friendly to us when we passed by them on their break.First time having a shrimp po-boy.  Along with the live music...I finally felt the vibe of New Orleans.  The service was on point and super friendly.Love the vibe, Love the music... the food was horrible (even for bar food) and the service is what killed our buzz.
-We had a waiter that apparantly hated his job and looked at us as a nuisance for asking him for condiments. 
-The food was cold and I would've gotten better food through a drive through- at least it would've been hot.
The only reason WHY I'm not rating this 1 star, is because the waiter did come back and apologize to us and the music was pretty awesome.
Definitely needs to work on the food and service.Music is great. Atmosphere is cool. Food and service is the reason for the lack of stars. We came in on a Friday around 10pm and ordered some wings and crab cakes. The crab cakes came out first and were ice cold. We sent them back and asked for them to be remade (we had to ask for that, it was never suggested. In fact, it was suggested that the cook "reheat the crab cakes"). After 20 minutes the new dish finally arrived cooked correctly (after everyone else had finished eating).  The server said nothing about the wait and did nothing with our check...
It's not like we were expecting a free meal, but maybe some money taken off for the inconvenience. 
Drink price is average. Like I said, music is good and atmosphere is cool. Wouldn't eat here again.Came in to meet some friends. I was starving! Ordered a catfish poboy. It was delicious! My waiter was wonderful!
Great music also!The band was great. A couple is hired to dance. Don't worry about any signage about drink minimum. Bartenders likely to ignore you. Bring your own booze and tip the band.Good music but the place had the acoustics of a barn and extremely loud patrons trying to shout above the band. A glass of Abita draft beer was $6.37, a very odd amount, and more than the other bars on Frenchmen Street. I would come back, but only for a band that I was very anxious to see.Shrimp Po boys are horrible, is just fried shrimp on bread, no sauce, no veggies no secondary flavors. Bread is stale and store bought. The gumbo is whatever. This place only exist today because of its history. Other than that, not worth your time.We were there Mardi Gras weekend. The music was fantastic. We just wanted to listen to some beautiful classic jazz and blues and we got that. 
If you go there you must ask for Julia what a wonderful server she was. She genuinely cared and tried really hard. It got a little loud later on but she was still there to take care of us never pushy just attentive! We were not even going to eat there but we stayed so long because of the  service and music was so great. We ordered the combo seafood plate and we shared it and it was plenty for three of us just for a great snack. What a wonderful night. Thanks Julia for charging my phone you rock!never been to this place, but the new manager, Jim (old guy with a gray ponytail), got caught trying to steal my purse from a strip club last night, so...keep your valuables close if you choose to go here :)Would highly highly recommend this place. Would give 10 out of 5 stars if I could. Most entertaining live jazz band we saw on our trip. Went on a Monday night Band played jazz covers of many modern songs from Kanye West to classic rock. Reasonable drink prices.Bamboula's is a very clean, air-conditioned place on Frenchman St in the heart of the jazz district in New Orleans. We appreciated this in an area where not all of the nearby establishments fit that description. They also have a fairly continuous stream of live music going throughout the day (at least on a Saturday, when I was there). Two of us sat and had a quick salad while taking in some tunes from a nice band and escaping the humidity in the mid-afternoon. The place was already fairly full at this hour. Very pleasant atmosphere and prompt service too. We weren't there for the food per se, and the Caesar salad with shrimp was fine but nothing special.Great live music. Great service. Great fried food. Pretty Ok drinks.they were accommodating to our 10+ bachelor party, even our loud behaviorMusic was exceptional and the beer and fried pickles were the perfect accompaniment.
Free wifi is always handy and our waitress was very attentive.This was a great find on our first afternoon. Good recommendations by the server. Shrimp BLT was great as well as oyster po-boy and pulled pork. Music Was a great addition. I hear the evening programs are very good.post above.Sure, it's an alright place with a good stage and a good space, decent bar, and a full booking of bands, but the establishment just instituted a new policy of requiring fees from the bands for the privilege of playing.  I have no wish to see that abhorrent practice make its way into this city, and I don't recommend patronizing their space until you've confirmed that this has changed.Drinks were weak, seating options were horrible (dunno why they had entire sections roped off and most tables reserved for parties of four or more) and the food was atrocious. Only stopped here to see some live jazz and left as soon as we could. They get one extra star for above-average service, though.4 stars for music, 2 for the food. Nachos were obviously microwaved and took forever even while the place wasn't too busy. Typical NO attitude of serving overpriced mediocre food to unsuspecting tourists who have had too much to drink.Better than I was expecting.  We were in Marigny for a Culinary Bike tour and decided to stay a few hours more to watch the Krewe du Vieux parade.  As the parade route passed right outside, we stopped in both before and after the parade.  The have a small stage in the corner and while we were there, some decent talent played (although that can be said about most places in New Orleans).  Even though they were slammed, table service was pretty fast.  Beyond drinks, they have a kitchen that delivers some solid food.  Since we had dinner reservations at another place, we just opted for the fried pickles.  Expertly fried with a nice breading, they weren't greasy and the acidity of the pickles went perfectly with the green remoulade that was served with it.
I wouldn't call it a "destination spot" but definitely someplace I would frequent if I was in the neighborhood.Saw Mem Shannon's Blues Band on a Wednesday night, nice to have seating while listening to quality tunes.  Service was very friendly, Frenchmen Street area is compact and has a good atmosphere.This is a place that's kind of cool, nice brick interior decor, and top level entertainment. Food can be hit or miss. Great location on Frenchman St.
So much fun when it's packed, the band is jammin, the drinks are going down good...
The bartenders are as fast as they can be, but when it's packed, ya just gotta wait.
I've had fun here, and have been here on slow nights. Even when it's slow, or in the afternoon, the band is good.
No cover charge.Nice oldies rock/blues quartet when we were there. Great pulled pork. Not sure the Hurricane had any liquor in it. Very loud but fun.Ended up here looking for a lunch place on Frenchmen Street. There was a great live band playing. It's a very laid back bar with small tables to dine. I wasn't expecting much from the food but after having the P.O. boy sandwiches they were great. The portions are also huge and the prices are excellent. Also had a very good server. Definitely would go here again.What a joke. Walked by, sounded great. Band was jammin'. Needed a bite and a drink to chill for a bit. Walk in, bartender is chatting up the bar, two waitstaff running around bickering at each other. No worries, open seating. Grab a table in the dead center of the establishment. Peruse the drink menu.... for 10 minutes. Not even a hello, no semblance of eye contact. The bickering continues, so I order drinks form the bar and ask for a food menu. Barkeep asks where I'm sitting, and hands me menu, says he'll send a waiter over. No problem. Take my drinks and sit, and peruse the food menu... for another 10 minutes. Go back to the bar to order food, with menu in hand. Waiter comes to drop a drink order and says, "He'll be back in a minute." 
Walked out.The server Morgan was fabulous and knowledgeable and the chef Twin made the most amazing crab cakes! Just the right amount of crispy. They were seriously the best crab cakes we've ever had anywhere on the planet Plus the music was amazing.Went there on Monday night, sat with two friends at a table by the door, the bartender brought over drinks menus and that was the only service we got at the table. 
Another traveler that we had met outside ended up actually bringing us food menus haha. 
There was one server but she just never came over so we ended up ordering from the bar. 
The bands they had were great as well as the atmosphere of the place. 
I ordered the shrimp blt and my friend ordered the shrimp poboy. 
The blt was good, little flat on flavour but very large portion. Frys were crispy and hot. 
Poboy was just ok but the shrimp portion is very large again. 
The menu was a little deceiving and we thought the poboy came with a side, and didn't find out until we went to pay the bill. 
Pros- 
-great music and atmosphere 
-bartenders were friendly with good service 
-portion sizes are large and not too pricey 
Cons- 
-little to no table service 
- food wasn't anything spectacular 
-they couldn't split the bill for usReally liked this place.  First of all, live band on Friday afternoon!  Good band too, very talented.  Food was average price and very good.  Great bar staff and servers.  Everyone knew their stuff.  Quick polite service.  Entire place clean and lots of room. Easy going atmosphere.  I know down here everyone sells a po'boy sandwich but theirs was really well done.Here for business. They messed up our order. Took forever. And don't split bills when we had a party of 11 because "foreigners" don't tip. 10/10 wouldn't recommend. Asked for a toothpick got cussed at.That's the spot for live music, spacious place and excellent music happening every night
During Thanksgiving end up going two nights in a row. Both times great musicians performingBand was incredible.   Truly phenomenal.  Only reason this place gets any stars.  Otherwise, front door people were terrible which nearly ruined the experience.  After i spent $40 in drinks and dinner they wouldn't let me back in.  If the John Lisi band is playing it's worth your while. Otherwise don't bother.COCKROACHES.. Terrible service, rude waitresses. 30 minutes at a table with no wait staff. The manager offered free drinks to compensate and never brought them. The cockroaches climbing up the walls in the back room was the nail in the coffin! At least half of the room got up and left out of pure DISGUST. If I could give it 0 stars, I would.Still one of the best Music clubs in New Orleans. This was our 3rd visit to Bamboula's, and it's always great music and good drinks. There is NO cover, yet great bands such as Ed Wills Blues band play there regularly. A must whenever you're on Frenchman's Street.We really enjoy this place. They have a very nice attractive facility here. The venue is well laid out and nicely appointed. The sound system is good and they book some good bands. Drink prices are reasonable. They have a small menu of food available as well.This was our first stop in this magical town! We arrived early afternoon, and we had such a good time, we made sure to come back for a second round before we left.
First off--decor is just so cute and welcoming, I love the details of the flooring to the ceiling... And you can't overlook the mural! 
Live music was playing, couples were dancing the overall ambiance was magical, absolutely magical! I fell in love with New Orleans and it began with this place.
The food was pretty good too! We had the coconut shrimp (amazing) and the crab cakes were decent. The service wasn't the fastest but, the entertainment definitely made up for it.
We came back for a second time Saturday night, and the music was just as great and cherry on top for me was how clean the bathroom was! It was definitely the cleanest on the block (super duper plus for me!)Bartender was a total asshole. Avoid this place, it was nearly empty and the idiot couldn't handle a simple diet coke order. Avoid avoid avoid .This place was a highlight of my family's New Orleans trip. I had been a little disappointed by my expectations the night before on bourbon street and the French quarter in general, but this place was just what I was looking for. I wanted some music culture for my kids, and me for that matter, and this place had a great band, friendly service and a great atmosphere. I regret not being able to spend more time in this part of town, but this place gave me a great flavor of what people fall in love with in the big easy.  If I come back, I will be looking for a place a close as possible to the Bamboula's.I had a great time here. The drinks were reasonable and the entertainment was great. Magnolia Dreams was playing this night. I recommend checking them out.Awesome music.  Great food and service.  I walked down frenchman street.  Its one of the best I found.Live bands.  Friendly service
It would be nice if they had more of a variety of IPAs 
Didn't try their foodGood music. HORRIBLE Service! Mostly from the bartender. Was so incredible rude to her waitress and yelling at her in front of everyone. The poor girl ended up leaving so after sitting for an hour for 1 glass of wine and cold food waited another 30minutes just to get our check. Will def not be going back. You would think during mardigras time they would have it together def ruined our afternoon in NOLA.Sweet potato fries and Bloody Mary's for jazz on Sunday afternoon?  Must be Bamboula's on NOLA.Food is edible menu and service is less than desirable disposition of employees is substandard and if you're looking at foods that will cleanse your colon you've hit the right placeNo cover jazz Saturday night. Food was good our waiter Josh was attentive and adorable. Enjoyed our time.If you're going to go here, go for the music... which is great.  Unfortunately, service is mediocre at best.  Out of almost every kind of beer, and 5 out of 7 sandwiches were wrong.  They have 14 beers on tap on their menu- and 12 of them were out.  When we paid our tab, we tried to jokingly let the waitress know what happened, and she shrugged her shoulders and said the kitchen probably doesn't know what's on the menu.Great music, bartenders were awesome. Friendly staff all aground. Had the fried shrimp Poboy. Must get fully dressed. Soooo good!This joint is good if you need a reprieve from some of the wildness of Frenchmen street. The music seems to be a bit more bluesy and the crowd is more sedated. We used it as a break in between two more raucous spots.I had never gotten food poisoning before I ate dinner at Bamboula's this past Saturday. My friend and I shared the fried pickles and then our worlds were rocked. We spent the entire night in the bathroom and the rest of our New Orleans visit was ruined. 0/10 and pickles are now ruined for me.Good place to go if you want to hear a live band, nowhere in the place where you wouldn't be able to hear the music. The food is good and the ambience is certainly not that of chitter chatter. You have to yell to speak to one another, so if you're here with friends wanting to catch up, turn around.From the time one walks in you feel the family vibe its clean and inviting and a place that can become a routine spot if you had the chance. i loved it and the food is perfect just what you need to tie one on...N.O has gems in so many spots and i seem to have found anotherStopped in for lunch and had an overall pleasurable experience. Our food--nachos, pulled pork, and fried shrimp--was very good and the live jazz was spectacular. The only reason this isn't a 5 star IMO is the somewhat slow service. We ended up having to go up and get our own menus, and sat with empty drinks for a quite a bit of time. That being said, once we did place our orders, our food was made and brought to us fairly quickly.We've gone twice, once for food and once for drunk and music. Staff were VERY friendly and food was delicious. Live music, could have watched all night.