To say service was horrible was the least of the issues.  We came in party of 5 just to eat and watch some football on our way back to our home city.  We were sat a small table first which was very tight in space.  Then we decided we would sit at the bar.  Being that we were not told the policies we proceeded to try and order drinks and asked if one of the TVs could be changed to view another game.  That wasn't an issue.  The issue came when i asked for a drink after trying to sort through life in this establishment and the bartender said i had to run a tab.  I have already been sitting here why wasn't that the first thing you said?  So we had to go back to the table.  Fine!  We get to the table where we sit for another 15 waiting for service.  To say service was slow would be a disservice.  To say we were overlooked would be spot on. We constantly asked for items that were brought to us 30 minutes later or only after asking a 2 or 3rd time.  Not only did our waitress, Maria, not service our table we had to get help from other workers to locate her.  I hope she doesn't work on tips. The topper was the large dog that was allowed in the establishment and allowed to drink and eat from the plates that human food goes on.  I don't enjoy going in restaurants where animals are allowed to eat with humans.  
All of this overshadows the food!  The food was the best thing about the establishment but i don't even want to talk about that because of the horrible time that my friends and I had here.Go here if you want bimbos to over charge your credit card. Never ever never start a tab here. You will no doubt have to go through the process of asking why my 13 dollar sandwich cost 20 . Or why are there 7 drinks on my bill when I only ordered 4. I've read several other reviews that say the same, so just beware.Games broken, quarter machines never stocked with quarters (how did this always happen?). Things dripping from ceiling and electrical wires hanging from the ceiling. Terrible ode to video games.Fun place. For a Friday night, it was busy, but not so busy that you couldn't move or get to the bar. Lots of fun old school video games - Frogger, Spy Hunter, Centipede, etc. For some strange reason, one large room is an Asian-themed club with a DJ. In that room, they only serve Asian beers. Seems a little out of place. Despite that, cool spot to check out.Stopped in for lunch and a drink. Great selection of local beers and the fried oysters were amazing.Just visited this place for lunch. The Western Burger is amazing. About the french fries I do prefer the crispy ones. The service was wonderful at the bar.We came for drinks and appetizers and we weren't disappointed at all! 
Ordered the fried cheese curds, this may sound a little gross but they are reminiscent of a classy cheese stick- so delicious! Also ordered the nachos, I am a nacho snob and these definitely made this snob happy! Great place to go with friends to chat, snack, and play games.I went here during a bachelor party weekend and didn't sample the other offerings other than their food and music.  The food was hit or miss.  When it missed, it wasn't a terrible issue, just not memorable.  When it hit, it was great. With a party of 19, I was able to sample a good array of dishes which leads me to my biggest issue... for a New Orleans bar setting, there wasn't ANYTHING that you couldn't buy or would expect elsewhere.  I had the truffle Parmesan fries, the blackened shrimp salad and the fried pickles.  Others in my party had other fare (burgers, sliders, other salads, wings, etcerera.  Despite the wide variety of food, the most memorable food was the truffle Parmesan fries and the fried pickles.  My salad was fine, good in fact...  but I don't see how I should give a restaurant too much credit for making a meal that most folks can make at home.  Now, the truffle fries with Parmesan were to die for.  Far and away the best item anyone at our table had, including the fried pickles which were quite good.  In general, I would come back for the truffle fries alone but simply get that, some beer and see what else the bar/arcade had to offer. Nice setting, great music and a good wait staff... but the food was just good and not memorable in any way.  The most damning thing I can say is that I would only recommend this place for the atmosphere, truffle fries and close proximity to Harrah's casino. If you want a complete meal and one to remind you of why you chose to go to New Orleans, skip this place.  I went to a dive restaurant for lunch (Willie Mayes) and it was lacking in all aspects except great food and nice service.  I would go back there and recommend it quickly while forgetting this place in a day or two.  Average at best, good convenient food at worst.Ordered a 7n7 and a pineapple/Malibu and was $17. Joke
Liquor was watered down dramatically. Video poker machines didn't work. 
Food was below average as well
Would not recommend. To man better places in area. Don't need to be here.Vintage video games surround the walls. This is a fun place, but note for a bar, it's not bar food. The food quality is good. One thing to know it's a bit loud but if you don't mind a little noise it's a fun place.Aside from the Goldmine saloon in the quarter, this is the only other bar in town with classic arcade video and pinball games.  Difference here is that they all work.
Beer selection is very good too.  The waitresses walking around are smoking hot...all brickhouses and very friendly and tolerant of pervs like myself ;-)   JK, though, they are attractive :-)
The food, I didn't eat any of but a buddy did and it looked very fancy and rich. Not something I wanna eat and stay out. Id be yawning and possibly sweating out a cramp before long.
Prices are in the $5-6 for a single beer. Reasonable for this part of town, maybe a little low.
Big ass Jenga game that makes a hell of a sound when it falls.
Parking is a bitch, gotta use a remote lot a little bit of a ways out. A scary thing for ladies late at night.  But its $10 to park so not that terrible if your gonna be in the area a while.
Check it out, worth a few visits and definitely will help kill time if your doing something else in the area.  And try and beat my high score on Tron.  Im EC ;-PCool environment, pretty good selection. It's fun to play games downtown but I'll admit the games are pretty old and are not up-kept very well. Many games were out of order, change machines were empty, and this was pretty frustrating but other than that pretty spacious and staff was friendlySeemed OK but couldn't even enjoy it due to the fact that their bouncers started demanding paying customers to get out of their seats so they could take them because it was going to get 'packed soon'. This business obviously doesn't care about their customers or their bartenders getting tippedVery refreshing salads. Had tvs up to watch games and giant connect 4 games. The giant connect 4 are neat in theory but sound like someone is raising a metal door if you are sitting by them.It was not what I was expecting. Up front, it's a small sports-bar-style restaurant with a few old arcade games along the wall, a few outdoor patios, and there's another bar in the back. And then there's one more room in the back with a few more arcade games. Sadly, the selection of games was poor, and the condition of the machines was worse. 
It's a great concept, but I feel like they half-assed it on the execution. I like the old-school games (when they were working), but other than that, this Barcadia is no competition to D&B.Walked in, waited at the hostess stand that says wait to be seated and no one showed up to seat us. Staff walked right by us to talk to his friends on the patio but did not acknowledge us at all. We called after him when he walked by past us and he never said a word to us.
Pretty sure the white couple that walked in behind us received service as we saw them going to a table. We walked down the street to Lucy's.
Don't waste your time here. First impressions are everything, if you can't even greet a customer maybe you don't deserve to have them.The arcade is a nice touch. The house drinks are terrible and there seemed to be a bunch of coked up employees hanging out there off duty. I suppose that's interesting but only for like two minutes. I wouldn't come here again. It's too bad. If you read this and you own the place maybe work on improving customer service.The pollo asada nachos were tasty, almost like a chicken pot pie with nachos. The deep fried PB&J was tasty and cooked perfectly. Atmosphere is chill, with about 12 arcade games to choose from and human-sized jengo and connect-4 to play with. I would recommend coming here for happy hour. $1 off drafts and 1/2 off appetizers.Even though Barcadia is a chain and brand new, I'm going to go ahead a give it four stars. Although, side note, I think this is probably where Shamrock got their business idea.
First of all, the place is huge and has a lot going on. In the front room, you have seating, a bar with a pretty decent beer selection and arcade games. Yeah, you heard that right, it has old school arcade games. The middle room is cool too with it's own bar and even more seating. 
And then there's the back room. Ah, the back room. You go through a magical portal into the back room and magic happens. You gotta see it for yourself. It's the room in the back. Just go through the back door and you're in.
I really dug the atmosphere of the place, even though I saw a few people who would probably be better suited at Metro, but whatever. Of course, I dug the old school pinup calendars and magazine covers that adorned the walls. Barcadia, you totally stole my future bar/restaurant/antique store (patent pending) decorating idea!
Word on the street (and when I say street, I mean that little pathway you walk up to get into Barcadia) is that they will be serving burgers and other food soon, so I will definitely have to go back and write a review of the food.Cool place, like the concept and I can see what they're trying to do, but the crowd that hangs out there is not the type of crowd I'd like to hang around. Alcohol and arcade games?! Can never go wrong with that!!Stumbled across this place on the way to Cochon and returned after dinner with the hubby to relive our youth playing the Simpsons arcade game, Pac Man, air hockey, and other favorites. The giant Connect Four outside was also a draw. Very laid back place but taking off a star because some of the games are broken (i.e. take your quarter, but then the controls don't work.)The drinks are overpriced by about $1 on everything. The "game room" is really small. The place has the classic arcade machines: sf2, sf3, simpsons. The food is mediocre and pricey for what it is.A cool spot - an arcade and bar, but sleek and cool with everyone dressed-up and a good-looking crowd.This place is very casual. I got the southwest chicken salad, which turned out to be really spicy but pretty good nonetheless. I also got their famous fried PB&J sandwich which was AMAZING! I would definitely come back just for the fried PB&J. It comes with a small carton of milk, which turned out to be so necessary because of the peanut butter and the friedness.Took my staff out to a offsite. Food was great as well as the drinks but service wasn't the best. Waitress took forever to bring us stuff & it wasn't a busy night. Then later found out that her gratuity was included which reminded me why she wasn't on her best when it came to serving us....
I will think twice before I take my team here again!This a hidden jewel in New Orleans. The food is very good and the drinks are as well. Very cool atmosphere and I felt very welcomed. Linda took care of us and made our experience very enjoyable. We will be backI had the arugula salad, which was...okay.  The ingredients were fresh enough but the dressing had this bitterness to it.  It also could have used some nuts or something to add some texture.  The beer menu is pretty decent, with a good mix of locals and nationals, and I love the way the menu organizes them.  
The games, while cheap and plentiful, aren't in very good shape.  The SFII machine I played not only had a bad button or two, but they were connected backwards.  The emphasis is on classic games that 80s-rejects like me can remember fondly, rather than new stuff.  
Still, despite the problems, we walked out saying "We should come here more."  It is always a good time.Cool place. As a tourist from Orlando we are missing a place like this. Classic arcade games like TMNT, the Simpsons, Area 51, galga , street fighter, mortal combat, pinball machines. Big Jenga and connect 4. Had a great time.We really love going to Barcadia. It's a great spot with good food and some really fun games to play. Love that they have a big connect four game and Jenga to play for free while you are hanging out. Definitely a better hangout spot than your usual bar. My only complaint is that some of the games are getting a little old and need some work done like the air hockey table. Besides that I think it's a great bar that provides a great atmosphere.This was our last stop of the night and we hadn't had dinner yet. Luckily they were still serving their full menu after 10pm! And it was delicious! Especially their ranch with fries! Their deep fried peanut butter and jelly was also amazing! The bartenders were nice and attentive. It was a very neat set up, they had video games and board games throughout. Great stop!Typical Bar. Huge crowd after the Saints game so that was cool. Good music, standard selection at the bar.I usually have a good time at Barcadia. And on Sunday night, when we ended up here after a going away party on the Creole Queen, we were still enjoying ourselves. The fries one of my friends ordered apparently wasn't put in, so that took a bit longer than we expected, but no harm.
We were having a good time and were some of the last people in there, and everyone was pretty liquored up. There was a woman who I guess was trying to close, I think a bit after midnight, and we were under the impression that Barcadia stayed open till 2 a.m., because that's what it says on Yelp, on Google, and on their website.
I think she may have told one of us that they are closing and I remember being incredulous. At one point, I said something and I heard her respond to what I said, but not directly to me, but loudly in a really unprofessional manner, mocking me. I don't know if she was the manager or what, but she could have actually addressed the group like an adult and said they are closing early for whatever reason. Maybe even apologize, since everywhere it says that they are open till 2. But nope, she walked around the establishment grumbling that people weren't leaving. So that wasn't the best end to the night and honestly it left a bad taste in my mouth.Barcadia staff, I have some advice for you.  Keep reading, and maybe you'll learn something.  
The first time we went to Barcadia, we were appalled at how terrible the service was.  The staff behind the bar was inattentive; the custodial staff was mean and rude--not really fit to be interacting with the public.  I'm not sure what they were trying to accomplish with the lighting.  There were dark spots and light spots all throughout the place.  Is it a vintage video game place or a Jersey Shore nightclub.  Who knows?
The second time I went there, my hamburger was fantastic.  It was cooked nicely; the cheese was melted perfectly, and the fried egg was a nice touch.  Anyone could tell that the meat they used was of a fine quality.  
But our third experience reminded me of the first.  The hamburgers were okay, but that's all that was okay.  Now, here's the advice I promised.
Dear hostess, if you're hungover and angry about having to show up for work, then call in sick.  Don't look at and talk to you customers--the source of your MONEY--like they're pieces of crap.  And don't seat them practically on top of the people playing the LOUD Connect Four game--so close that the people playing the game even thought you were being rude.  The whole damn restaurant was empty.  You could've seated us anywhere.
Dear waiter, it's not our fault your menu doesn't make a clear distinction between a menu item and a category heading.  Perhaps you shouldn't rudely correct people's fiancées and try as hard as you can to make them feel stupid and unwelcome.  You suck.  Quit your job.
Dear sound guy, at 11:00 a.m. on a Sunday, try not to change the music from easy listening, which all your customers were fine with, to SUPER-LOUD, ridiculous nightclub, dance music.
Dear manager, try to control your staff.  Fire the ones who shouldn't be working there, instead of hanging out in the kitchen and trying to pick up on waitresses.
Jeez.I came for the Wednesday specials and it wasn't a disappointment. Bartenders were enjoyable, the specials were some of the best I've seen in the city. We had this thing called a Fried Pb&j for dessert. It was delicious! I will definitely be coming back for a second visit.This place is garbage and no one should eat or drink here. Want something you actually didn't order? Want a really bad dining experience and shitty service? Then come to Barcadia. Or don't. Thats the better option. Theres a Burger King not too far away. They have better food and just as shitty service. Just saying.I know these types of bars are popping up in a lot of areas, but they are still fun. 
This particular place is huge. 3 rooms and a covered outdoor area. The front room is the main bar with a bunch of video games and some pinball. The middle room is just a bar and the backroom has stuff like air hockey, foos ball and ski ball. Maybe the coolest thing was the giant jenga blocks. Just a bunch of 2x4s cut to size, but you'd be amazed at how fun that is to play and even watch at a bar. Great idea. 
They had a great selection of beers on tap, which always helps. The music was all over the place, but in a good way. They played a great selection of 80s rock (Motley Crue, Van Halen, etc),  mixed in some classic dance stuff (michael jackson and the like) and threw in a good amount of new stuff. 
All in all, a cool spot. I could see the video game portion getting old, but its a fun place for a group of people.80's and 90's music... Ms. PAC man, giant Jenga. What more could anyone want? Really one of my favorite places in New Orleans! :) and the food is good too!After making a big deal of dragging not one but three friends here, I am a solid "meh, 2.5 stars." I regret it a little bit because the clientele left me cold; the atmosphere was trying too hard; and the service sucked. 
We'll start with the easy downvotes. Our server doesn't mention that she's new. She doesn't repeat orders back to us. She doesn't ask for the soft-spoken member of our party to speak up or verify an order. Rather, she brings the wrong beer. Twice. She also got my order wrong to the point that I was watching my friends eat while waiting on my food--which my server also forgot about--to appear. But it doesn't start and end there. Twice, food runners tried to bus our table before our food had even appeared. I'm not talking the "Oh, can I grab those empty glasses?" routine, either. I'm talking the full they're grabbing still wrapped silverware rolls and nearly full beers from us routine. Oh HELL no. I'm gonna drink my entire $7 beer, TYVM. 
So we've got that. Service continued in that manner. Every employee looked pretty pissed or just run down. Bummer. 
I didn't enjoy the vibe of the place. Most of the other drinkers and diners were out-of-town conference folks just looking for fun. Not really my crowd. Near the end of dinner, a few tables of younger, local, rowdy hipsters (more my crowd) rolled up. Maybe I would enjoy Barcadia's vibe later in the evening. But I really shouldn't have to wait until 9p on a weeknight for that, I don't think. The "forced party" feeling of conference-goers always sets me a little on edge. I know y'all are in NOLA for work and want to soak up every second of the city with your precious free time...but this is a lot. NOLA works best when you let her flow. 
Per my buddies, a number of the video games were either half broken or in a room that was too dark to actually play them (pinball). I can see that. I'm not a video game person so this was lost on me. 
Here's why I'd consider coming back: my food did not suck. In fact, my chicken sandwich was great. I'd love another one, but I'd like to have it without the whole Barcadia nonsense. That's why take-out exists, natch. 
Accessibility notes: bar gets loud at peak hours. No Braille menus or signage. Dim lights. High and low tables available plus picnic tables. Plenty of space for mobility devices to move around inside. Door opens in. No stairs up into the space.The food is pretty decent for a weekday lunch. Avoid at night and on weekends.Expected more...   All in all a good time. Would like to see Ms.Pac-Man and Kiss Pinball Machines added to the already fun line up of vintage arcade games. Music gets a little too hip hop for my liking the later (earlier) it gets...Full disclosure: I'm from out of town, and I took a family of five kids and three adults with me.  Having said that, this joint is far more bar than grill.  The food was ordinary, not bad, but ordinary.  Don't go unless you're looking for somewhere to hang out with the twenty-something set, throwback some beers, and yell at some vintage video games.  The service was lackluster, as we were the only patrons eating, yet our order was wrong, and took longer than it should have to be delivered.  To their credit, we were given an item for free for their mistake.Not to sound like a hyperbolic super fan, but my favorite hamburger, on the globe, ever. Been following the crew since they started Curbside Truck slinging killer burgers in Baton Rouge a couple of years ago. I was really excited to see what could happen if they got a bit more elbow room in a brick & mortar kitchen, definitely didn't disappoint. With the mainstay burgers & fries from the Curbside days to the new items on the expanded menu such as the Fried PB&J, Wisconsin Cheese Curds, Bison Patty Melt, BBQ Shrimp Poboy, & Chicken Pesto sandwich combined with right under 40 taps & none of the Big 3 and 80s arcade games from childhood... It makes a hit night every visit. From straight ahead offerings to creative & playful takes on old standards, all are well executed & consistent.
My all-time favorite is the Flagboy with added Pork Belly Preserves. I love the house pickles & I love my veggies in general, but when it's serious burger therapy time, I go straight forward: medium patty, fried cheddar plank, pork belly preserves, & homemade bun... Pure soul nourishment.I absolutely love Barcadia and Linda!  Great food and great customer service!!!  Linda helped me get what I wanted and made sure I was happy and everything was exactly what I ordered!!  Totally recommend this place!!A bar and old time arcade mixed into one-what's not to like?!
They had a decent amount of local beers and staples on tap.  The bartenders were nice and welcoming. 
This place definitively had a hipster/local feel to it. 
Our group enjoyed our party punch and sampling of beers. An extra star awarded for carrying 312 on tap.Came on a Friday for lunch with some friends, the place was very busy but a gentleman helped us to find a table quickly and he was very professional.
Took our drinks order and send us a server within minutes.
The food was great, we got a chicken wrap, salads and some tacos.Could be awesome, if the food weren't way overpriced for the quality. Wish the service was better. 
Decent selection of beers on tap and rocking arcade games, which I suppose is why people come here.I like the games, the bartenders and waitstaff, and the "Grownup Rootbeer Float" (Abita Rootbeer with vanilla vodka and Bailey's).
However, the food on my next visit did not thrill me. I just had a basic burger, and it was so loaded with cracked black pepper, it made the burger basically indedible for me. It was rather expensive, too, compared to Company Burger or Tru Burger. I got the regular cheeseburger, fries, and a soda, and with tip it came to $17. 
Probably won't eat there again but will go to play games and drink.We were really excited to try out this place, hoping it would be like a mini Dave and Buster's. We were sorely mistaken. 
When you first walk in, there is a hostess stand that asks for you to please wait to be seated. We never saw a hostess. But there were several large tables and people sitting at the bar. We approached the bar to order some drinks and food. The floor was so sticky, you had to pull your feet up with each step. When we approached the bar, I saw what appeared to be a manager. He was too busy flirting and seducing a group of women to acknowledge any other patrons, much less his staff that needed help. The food was ok...not great, but not horrible. We each tried one of the specialty cocktails. I tried some form of watermelon tequila drink. Watered down watermelon, watered down tequila...disgusting. It was so bad I had to commit alcohol abuse and toss it. Once we'd finished our food we decided to try out the game room. We weren't sure where it was located. The game room was so small that with fifteen people it was crowded. We tried to play air hockey, but there were so many people in the room, the game quickly became too uncomfortable to be fun. 
Not a place I would want to visit again.....Horrible layout, poorly made cocktails, and sub-par food. Such a let down...Definitely enjoyed this place, great atmosphere and good drinks and make sure you go on ladies night. Definitely had a ball.What a letdown. It's Saturday afternoon, and there is ONE server on the floor. It took 45 minutes just for my children and I to get our waters, I went to the bar and picked up the wine I had also ordered on my own when it was never delivered to my table, my second glass never came or was put into the system, I had to ask a bar back for my bill so we could actually leave, since my waitress has been avoiding looking at me for the last 2 hours, and the food- 3 hamburgers  (which my kids said were disgusting) a glass of wine- was $65. It's New Orleans. So many other places to go. Next time we will bypass and go to Dave & buster where the games and food are better.NO TAP WATER!!!!! That's a load of poop!!!! Absurd. That's what this place is. Can't believe someone would run such a restaurant. Such a disappointment. We waited an hour for a burger YES A BURGER!!! Wow. To boot terrible, rude service. Would NEVER return. Ugh I'm peeved.Nice place, good drinks. Just wish the best machines weren't out of order.otherwise,  this is an excellent place to bring a first date! The bartenders are friendly,  and I really appreciate that service is very quick. If all the games were working it'd be great - if your date likes skiball this is perfect!Great vibe, beautiful fun people.  Awesome retro games and good food.  Cute Manager from France!!!great spot to chill and there was a great comedy/burlesque show that just so happened to be FREE the night we stopped by. def would recommend. Hey they have gauntlet and street fighter.Okay food.  Was a little disappointed in the queso. It tasted like it was out of a can from Walmart.  Really wish they were more unique with their food.  Wings were okay.  Atmosphere had potential but when a Sarah Mclaughlin son came on I thought of the ASPCA dog commercials and got sad.  Wait.... TLC just came on.  It's not loud and people are doing their own things.  DTried this place for the first time last week. Bar food mostly - burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. However, I was pleasantly surprised! The food was very good and the wait staff very accommodating. Definitely will go back. Lots of old pinball machines line the walls.Horrible service. Manager was rude and would not honor happy discount even through it was 6:30 and it ends at 7!! Waitress told us after we got the bill that wings did not count as grub, despite it being under the grub section. Food was shitty, service was even shittier, at least the people that were there were nice. You could not pay me to go back. 
DO NOT GO!!!!!!Went here recently on a Sunday afternoon. There weren't too many people there, which was nice. The beer selection is ok, reminds me a bit of the yardhouse chain: some craft brew, but mostly big beers and all their varietals. I've been here several times before and I know that the clientele skews broish. That's not great, but as long as I'm playing arcade games and drinking I'm happy. 
Unfortunately several of the machines were either broken or worn out. Two pinball machines were worn out to the point of being almost useless, with their flippers being weak and ball
movement slow. The air hockey didn't have air for a big chunk of the board and the skeeball didn't register half the points. I come to this place to play arcade games, so pretty disappointing.
Overall 3 stars if everything was working and the beer is ok and the bros are all there. Minus one for broken machines.Hostess would not seat us even though there was 5 empty tables. She was rude and eating food while telling us our only option was to order food to go.We came as a group to watch the Ohio State game which they threw on a corner tv for us. We were 15 guys spending over $500 that night and They kept turning off the tv in anticipation of the "club" that was going to start. Needless to say we had to continuously talk to the manager to have the tv turned back on. You'd think a bar that had a majority of their patrons watching one game would keep them happy. Nope. The management were complete idiots.I enjoyed the games the drinks and the food. I'm not usually a chicken wing person...but the wings were absolutely amazing! I definitely recommend this place.Had a great time at this little spot while in NOLA. We visited twice and had the wings both times. Great place to listen to some music, play some games, and they have pretty good deals like 2-4-1 wings on Tuesday's with trivia at 8pm!Best club sandwich I've ever had. Super cool bar with fun games-life sized Connect 4 and Jenga along with old school arcade games. Just a really fun vibe, Vargas girl artwork, great food and drinks. Perfect to bring a big group of people.Very friendly staff. Nice happy hour menu. I Had a very delicious blackened shrimp salad. Great margaritas!Experiencing this place for the first time around lunch is almost epic. The burgers are to die for. KGB being my favorite. The truffle parmesan fries are amazing. The game selection is stellar. It's way better than a Dave and Busters could ever hope to be. Definitely repeat my business.Food and service mediocre. They don't check on you or bring what you asked for but ask soon as you step away from your table the bus boys take all your food/drinks.
 I wouldn't recommend going for food. Games are always Fun. Especially when mixed with alcohol!!! If you are visiting NOLA don't waste a meal on this place.This was recommended by a colleague. The service is horrible. The music is nothing but Hip Hop & Electronica, is too loud, and completely obnoxious. The food was okay, but every other aspect of the place is horrible. I typically don't review, good or bad. But this place barely deserves 2 stars. I need to apologize to my team of 18 for bringing them here.I would give this place no stars if I could. The service sucked and I didn't care for my drink and they wouldn't allow me to order something different. All in all it was an awful experience and a waste of money.This is my second visit here and I have to say I thoroughly enjoy this place the second time around as much as the first. The only issue we had was some of the games in the back arcade weren't working, we told the bartender and we were refunded.Great place, no matter when you go. Burgers are awesome during the week for lunch or their steak night on Wednesdays are good too (as long as they continue doing it). Love the arcade selection and free play nights are always a good time!Awesome music, could have partied there all night. They had different rooms playing different music. We found a room playing our favorites from the last 2 decades pop, hip hop etc.I only went a few times, but after one awful costumer service experience, I have not been back. The drinks are normal price for the area, and playing games is great. But I was treated really poorly. I was alone at a table outside, a waitress came up and told me the table was reserved for those eating meals. My group had already been sitting there for more than an hour getting multiple rounds of drinks. Her asking wasn't what bothered me. I told her I wasn't sure if we were going to eat or not, everyone else was at the bar or in the bathroom. But I'd figure out what we were doing when they got back. She proceeded to lecture me about how I needed to leave the table anyway and not wait for my friends. By the way, there were 2 or 3 other tables open. I think it took more than 5 minutes of uncomfortable conversation for her to leave me alone. We decided not to eat there because she had been so rude.Fun place with great bones! Open air with games and cute girls that are fun and personable! Burger was very good quality and their draft selection pretty big & diverse.  Great place to stop and if you have kids or looking to play a video game or two you can really have some fun!Great food, good service and atmosphere. Lots of beer varieties on tap. Good for people of all ages - and well-behaved dogs who are allowed in the courtyard area. Great place!I love this spot. i love the vintage..ok it mkes me sound old.  I love the video games!  the servers and bartenders are AMAZING.  They will cutom make a drink for you  Great people and great place...but!!!! you can not get a GO cup! WTF?Oh man is this spot lame. It's like their theme is 'flashy loser who peaked in high school.' Pass.Food was pretty blah, game selection too. The waitress was awful!! They seemed to have a decent bar staff and selection of drink specials, but I couldn't see any reason to go back if you aren't looking for a cheap, casual place to get hammered.I really don't understand the appeal of this place. I like the bar/arcade concept but there are kids running around in this place. I don't want to drink a beer and play an arcade game against a kid. Great idea, poor execution.We stopped by this place just to meet up some friends after dinner. I liked the vibe and music. The music was loud but people just chill and hang out. There's plenty of tables and seats to sit at. My friend ordered the fried PB&J sandwich and I had a bite of it. It was very good... tasted like a donut and I love donuts!I love coming to Barcadia, but NEVER come here to watch the game on Sunday. They have their "daily drink specials" listed on the board by the door, but refuse to honor the drink specials. Additionally, their menu is incorrect, so if you find something you want cross your fingers because chances are it's missing from the menu. Also note that even though the place is barren they won't seat you if one person is missing from your party.Great place to drink beers and eat appetizers. They also have many (arcade) games. Nice crowd with many college kids. Staff was very friendly and adequate.Really wanted to check this place out... The hostess was terrific, tried everything she could to get us a table. We eventually sat at the bar. We got two menus and decided on food and drink. We then sat there for 10 minutes. We weren't waiting on food or drink, we were waiting for someone to acknowledge us. There were two bartenders, both women, and we never spoke to them. One of them leaned against the bar talking to the other. The second bartender went as far as looking at us a couple of times, she even took drink orders from people sitting on either side of us... Looked like an interesting concept, just horrible service. We left and told the hostess what happened on our way out. She still had her jaw dropped as we walked into the rain...Loved it. Amazing burgers. A little loud inside. Loved adult-sized Jinga and Connect FourThis place has awful service. It's right next to my work so I go sometimes and I always regret it. I am genuinely confused about how every single time I come here the service is SO slow. The food is fine. Wayyyy overpriced but I assume it's because they spend so much time infusing it with Actual Gold which is literally the only reason I can explain how long it takes to get this food and the price.More like 3.5 stars, but I will go higher instead of lower, since it was more the other guests that brought the star rating down, then anything else.
Located very close the 'party zone' this is a fun open restaurant. There is a bar, as well as seating inside and outside. They have some cool kids games that were grown up sized, that were very fun to watch the drunks try to play (like Giant Junga and Giant Connect Four). 
We ordered the truffle fries (holy crap those are good), grilled cheese and onions...eh...not amazing and a burger, which was good. Service was fairly good and fast. However, getting a table was a bit of a challenge, since the drunks kept piling onto the tables without putting their names in. 
Also, since our table was about 6 feet away from the Junga, even though we were seated and eating our meal, a couple of people thought it was 'okay' to place their drinks on our table...while we were sitting there, eating our food. Pretty annoying.
It is a no smoking restaurant, but they do nothing to stop the people from smoking while playing the games...right next to tables eating their dinners.
It was fun, festive and okay for one time. But I wouldn't go back.Something for everyone - supersized board and parlor games, outside seating for people watching on tchoup, dance club lounge in the back! Hardly a weekend we don't end up here at some point.I went in for a burger and was a dam good one ...had a dp to drink fun atmosphere and busy...do try !barcadia is your standard run-of-the-mill bar -- just solid. there were lots of different beers on tap, and some pretty extensive liquor options. the thing that sets it apart is their games: they have many different arcade games lining the back wall, and you can play jenga and connect 4 for giants in their patio. make sure to check out their drink and food specials on this really teeny tiny pole behind the bar -- they've got some for almost every week day.Beer and video games!!!!! That's all you need to know! Ok they make a really fancy and delicious gourmet gril cheese. I would say it's tied with mine.Cool place for beer and games, but the food is not very good. 
i had the cobb salad and it was not only water logged, but the chicken was burnt. Very bland. 
Don't recommend.This place is a joke. A group of 16 guys, on a bachelor party, were watching an Ohio State game (the #2 team in the country) here and the bar turned off the tv multiple times because they said it was past 10pm and they were turning the place into a nightclub. Mind you, we spent over 500 dollars by that time and they never told us, at any point in time, that they'd be doing this. Extremely unprofessional. I won't be surprised if this place is out of business next time I'm in New Orleans.Pretty cool place with a great atmosphere. Food was ok... maybe even good. The great beer selection both on tap and in bottles. I had the Cuban sandwich which actually had spots that were void of meat... how does that happen? Wife had the spinach dip and found the chips stale. Everyone else liked their dishes, but it's more of a hangout or meeting place than restaurant where you'll find a great meal. The outside seating area is great!Over the last several years, we have been to Barcadia countless times for cocktails.  However, I have not ordered food here in about 4+ years until recently.  I came here for dinner about 1 month ago with friends in town from San Francisco looking for late night dining options and I came back again 1 week ago because I really enjoyed it.  They have really expanded their menu and dining service.  The food is appropriate for the atmosphere (bar food), high quality, and very generous servings.  It's super tasty too!  This is a great place if you're looking for a decent variety of bar food or to watch a game and grab a bite.  Great for late night too!This is my kind of place.  I was pleasantry surprised by actually liking the food, we all did. One of us had a burger, one had a chicken sandwich and one had steak. We all loved our dishes.  To wrap it all up, we got to go play mortal kombat and others after dinner. It was a good time. Will definitely return.Great venue. 
Crowded for the square footage.Walked in, got a table and was ignored for 10 minutes. Now on the way to somewhere else.Came here at night because I was craving for a burger, and a friend suggested this establishment. This place has a nice vibe, great music, and enjoyable environment.  Place is nice, and have great service, with plenty of arcades that would take you back to your childhood days, and also other games.  Plenty of drinks, alcohol, and non alcohol.  We had the following:
- K.G.B. Sharp cheddar, praline bacon + a over easy egg - this burger was so delicious and juicy, and that soft bread takes it over the top, I want another one, pronto!
- Truffle Parm'd Frites - Shaved Parmesan + White Truffle Oil - delicious crispy fries, with the perfect amount of parmesan and truffle oil
I want to go back, and eat more!!We came here after Wednesday at the Square looking for some food. I can't rate the games because I didn't play any. My whole review is based on the poor excuse for service that this place offered. I got my meal to go because I didn't want to be there any longer than necessary. It took forever, and our waitress couldn't be bothered to go check on my order, even though she was saying she would. Finally my friend, who also works for the service industry, went up to go get the order herself. They said it had been waiting there awhile. I don't care if I ever go back to that place.Um, I'm not sure what to think of this bar. As a watering hole, it left something to be desired - I was told not once, not twice, but thrice that they were out of the beer I requested. Poor form on a Saturday night newbie. Clientele ranged between mid-20s to early-30s pretty people (albeit way to dolled up for the establishment IMO); also a bit of a meat market. I loved the giant jenga pieces and the open space. Great for people watching. I need to go back for seconds to decide if I like it or not.Amazing eats and a great place to have a drink! The bacon cheddar fries are amazing. Make sure to get down with all the great arcade games while your there too!Truffle fries were excellent. Burgers were ok. I would have liked the food a lot better if it didn't give me and my spouse the shits.If you are in your 30s you'll fall under love with this place.  Simpsons arcade street fighter 2 nfl blitz nba jam and life size jenga and connect 4.  Come on Tuesdays and they have 12 dollar steak night. This place is the bombI absolutely love this place! It's the perfect spot to relax with friends. Enjoy a cold drink while playing the games of your childhood (without having to ask mom for quarters). 
The chef sends out fantastic plates!Usually- I'm really not the type to do this.. But I'm super fucking upset right now. This situation literally just happened about 5 minutes ago. So my bf and I went to Barcadia just now and ordered some grub. A good bit at that because we were buzzin', hungry, and haven't eaten since earlier... The food comes out and LITERALLY within 5 minutes of it coming out- we hear a guy scream "last call!" and note- at this time it's only like 11:30 pm. So being that this is our first time here, we were weirded out.. I'm thinking it's last calls on the bar but I didn't know. Then a minute later, the fucking bright ass lights turn on as if they're about to close! I mean everyone was leaving, bartenders were counting their drawers, etc. If I'm not mistaken and if I didn't see correctly on their website, doors, and on here- their hours are 11am-2am. It's currently 12:09 am as I'm writing this! Wtf??? And my bf noticed before all of this one of the guys in a polo that works there that kept staring at us. He seemed to be the manager or someone important to the place. I told my bf not to think of it because he's probably weirded out that a couple ordered so much food. Lol but dude wtf? They could've told us something instead of letting order all this food (fried pickles, korean chicken, grilled cheese and soup, and fries) to only enjoy probably 6 fried pickles, his one chicken wing and like 3 spoons of my tomato bisque. The fuckery?! Obviously we didn't tip the waitress, nor will we come back.  So fucking rude.First let's start with the good the burgers were actually very very good the fries perfect. That's where the good ends the service was completely terrible slow and extremely on attentive. The place was not overly busy and seem to be well staffed. The girl just seem to disappear and not pay attention to much three tables got up and left before they were even serve drinks while we were there great food lousy service take your chances.Always have a fun time when I come here. Bathroom is usually nasty but atmosphere and food is good.The fried pickles I thoroughly enjoyed but not as much as the bartender! Clemy was outstanding and her beer knowledge and reccomendations were great! I will comeback for happy hour!!Super fun new bar in the CBD. We stopped here on our way to Lucys and ended up just staying here and skipping Lucys entirely. This bar attracts a nice young crowd that's not too rowdy. At least not at 7PM on friday when we went. I loved the big jenga game!  This seems like it would be a fun place to go with a big group as there is something for everyone.
The best part about this place is when i ordered a moscow mule, the bartender said she didn't have ginger beer. The owner overheard and said he had his own personal stash of ginger beer in his back room, so to hold and he would go get it for me so they could make the moscow mule.
I thought that was so considerate of them, and I was happy to tip extra for this above and beyond service!They have a large beer selection and friendly staff. Place is nice place to have a beer and play video games. Neat selection of vintage games many only 25¢. Food selection is fairly typical bar food. They have a few tvs but would expect they would have more as it could be a fun place to watch sports. They have outdoor seating too!Awful experience from start to finish.  Service was the worst I've ever received.  I was charged for drinks that we never got.  I was charged extra for an ingredient that was supposed to come with my meal. The server was M.I.A. for about 95% of our 2 hours there. I thought we were being punked with how horrific the whole thing was.  Is Bar Rescue still being filmed?  If so Barcadia is the perfect candidate in dire need of extreme improvement.
Food - 4/10
Atmosphere - 6/10
Service - 0/10Cool concept, loved the old school video games -- Mrs. Pac Man is my game!!!  Whoop, Whoop! 
The food is ok, not great just ok.  But the atmosphere is cool, would return just for the games alone.My friend and I happened to stumble upon this place walking around downtown. We saw the arcade games, and thought what a cool place, we NEED to go in there! Coming here was a bit refreshing, I felt like a little kid again. I played some skee ball, some basketball, pinball, even some street fighter! Yeah! My friend and I also got a couple of air hockey & connect four games in. Yes, they have a giant connect four board, and a giant Jenga too. We had a blast! 
There's a full bar, and the people are super friendly! If I'm ever back in town again, I'm coming back! =)Just visited Barcadia for lunch and the food was delicious and the service was good. The order was called in and the food was ready when we arrived. Thanks for a great lunch and much improved service!Was in town for the weekend and found Barcadia take out online. Called to place an order and after being disconnected 3 times, finally got our small order placed and was quoted 20 min. When my fiancé showed up to pick it up (in exactly 18 minutes), he was told it wasn't ready quite yet. He waited 10 more minutes before being told, "We actually gave your food to an Uber Eats driver." The bartender then walked away without offering coupons, to remake meal, etc. Needless to say, I told my fiancé to leave. Would not recommend.I wouldn't go back. The beer is fine, But when the trivia quiz master's line of humour extends to a line of jokes about domestic abuse then it is the kind of place that no one should support.Super rude hostess in bar area during lunch. Management should consider who they put in front of the house to greet customers.Since at least half of these reviews are based around the "clientele" or normal patrons who "people watch" it makes since to me that you aught to just come in and give it a chance. Week nights are great and so is the food!!Was in town for work looking for place to watch World Cup. Good tv and great service. But the food was incredible. Got the turkey avocado club. Ridiculous like food network experience. And the bar tender was cool as hell.  Recommend.I stopped at Barcadia a couple of times during my visit as it was pretty close to the hotel so it was a nice place to have a night cap. I enjoyed the food I had, the sweet potato fries looked hand cut and the wings were seasoned well. However the service leaves a lot to be desired. Other than the host on my first visit I felt very much like an inconvenience rather than a welcomed guest. We did enjoy the dirty bingo night and the caller for that.My daughter and I stopped in there on our way to the Riverfront following a swamp tour and glad we did. At forSt we were hesitant because the doors were all open to the outside but it wasn't hot inside. Best waitress Evynn!  Ordered grilled chicken pesto sandwich with fries and both were excellent. Bar looked good too but we were thirsty for water. It was a great place, relaxed and we'd go back if we weren't leaving town in a few hours.I went here for a networking event, so I wasn't inundated by the level sad sack losers others wrote. It's just proof there is a God. 
This paean to all things 80's offers a blast to the past playing arcane arcade games and a brutal concrete floor to make standing uncomfortable.Ordered burger of the week and wings. Wings were great, but the fries came with the burger was over cooked. Otherwise solid 5.So, Barcadia. I was pumped when I heard about this, but then my pumpiness kinda drained when I found out it was a chain from TX. Not that I don't love the state in which everything is bigger, but more for the fact that our money was going to make the TX budget bigger, instead of ours. 
Either way I was going and was going to give it a fair judgment. I walked in and right away felt out of place. I went for the Craft Beer and while the selection is actually pretty good, most all beers are severed in shaker pint glasses, which sucks. The games were pretty cool, but I met a friend there to hang out, have some craft beer, and enjoy a conversation. The problem was there is NO WAY you can have a conversation in this joint. The music was pounding the entire time we were there. Needless to say we left after not to long. 
The crowd was "alright" seemed like Tulane sugar baby meets rich lawyer type, not much intellectual conversing going on.Full menu available for late night diners! Doesn't show up on yelp under restaurants, but it should. Will keep this in mind for future post-10pm eats.If you love New Orleans stay away from here.   The food was awful and they didn't give me the happy hour prices despite it being 4:30.  I didn't ask,  but I dint think u should have to as a customer.   Also, while I was sitting by the roll up window enjoying the weather a street musician walked by and stopped briefly.   It only took seconds for the bartender to stay yelling "Go Away!".  I was enjoying the music and it was definitely better than the music they were blasting.   One of my worst food experiences in awhile.  The server was ok.  That was about the only positive.The food was great and the staff  was friendly!!! My husband and I truly enjoyed the atmosphereWe have a Barcadia in Dallas and when I travel, I don't like to spend time visiting places that we have where I live. However, it was cold and rainy and we had time to kill, plus I had paid 18 bucks to park in the lot across the street and didn't want to waste that investment. So we killed some time here. They will not let you have a table if you aren't dining, even if you're just coming for drinks and games. The game room is too small. The games do not list how much they are so you're just putting in quarters until the games light up. There are some arcade games in the dining area and they are pretty much in the way. The dining area and the outside are modernized unlike the Dallas location. But I think the Dallas location is better in terms of space and customer serviceDecent sports bar with average food.  Lots of fun old school video games.  The boil was pretty flavorful; however, about half of the crawfish were pretty tiny.no one could decide on one set place  they wanted to eat at so when I asked everyone one thing they wanted to eat I knew right away this would be the place. we all split  the Cheese curd ( YUM!!), spinach dip ( SOO good) , fried pickles ( alittle disappointed)  and the truffle fries ( tooo Die for). everything was wonderful. the service was a little lacking our waitress disappeared  for 20 min and I had to ask the hostess for help.
  half of the games were down but we did enjoy the ones that were up. all in all it was a will worth family evening. I would go back againEhhh, I love New Orleans.  I also love Barcadia.  I didn't love the NOLA Barcadia.  My husband and I live outside of Dallas and while Dallas sucks in a lot of ways, I've gotta say, we do Barcadia better.  Ours is smaller, but it's just better.
The service was OK--not bad, not great.  The food was pricey!  And as excited about the KGB Burger as we were, it was just kinda good and the fries were downright "meh."  Oh well.
There was a decent selection of games and the ubiquitous giant Jenga and Connect 4, but the arcade games, too, were pricey at $1 per game.  While the games are different in Dallas, they are only .$25!  It was still a good time playing Crusin' USA and the Simpsons game.
Overall, if you've never had a Barcadia experience, I guess you could check it out, but there's definitely much more fun to be had out there in New Orleans.I love barcadia! We had a fun girls night playing giant jenga and arcade games that I haven't seen in 10 years. We went on a Friday night and they had a happy hour special of $5 wine. We will return to try out the food menu!Love this place! Good food & beer! Fun place for the whole family. Kids love the video games, life size connect 4 & Jenga.On a roll today with dive bars. This one has house made deep fried pickles (the best I've ever had), deep fried PB&J and pinball machines (and many other games).   My girlfriend beat me five times at the pinball. I left cryingCame here with a large party.  Their accommodations for a party of more than 15 were ridiculous. Made it seem like we were unconvincing them by coming in.  Service was rude and the food was avg.   bar life might be better at night but not a dinner spot!Appreciate the games but drinks are over priced. Who charges for water?! Who charges a DESIGNATED DRIVER for water?! Is that even legal? I know in other states it's against the law.
I end up here by accident 1-2 times a year and always regret it.Didn't bother eating here since the reviews of the food weren't that great, but they have a decent drink list and specials. Good music, and decently friendly staff made for a good time. The games on the main floor and the arcade games downstairs definitely makes this bar unique. Overall, it was a fun and casual ambience.I absolutely love barcadia! Easy good time for any occasion. The staff is extremely friendly and the food is outstanding. I would definitely recommend barcadia to anyone looking for a good meal or a fun time!I love old school arcade games and I love booze. So when I read about Barcadia on complex.com list of 25 Douchiest Bars in New Orleans it sounded right up my ally (besides the douche part) To be honest, I don't really get all worked up about "douches" just let them be. Have your fun and let them have theirs, right? Anyways.. my boyfriend and I were bored on a Tuesday afternoon and I decided to go through my Yelp places to try list when I remembered this gem. My bf was hungry and we saw a pretty appetizing menu on their website so he was sold on the date. When we got there we saw a sign that advertised free games on Tuesdays, "awesome!" First things beer and food. I don't want any excuses when I kick his ass in air hockey. They had a wide selection of beers and cocktails but I went for the PBR. When we asked to look at the menu, the bartender told us they were catering a private event and the kitchen was closed - bummer! Despite being very hungry, we ended up staying for a while. Some of the games were free and others cost a measly fifty cents! We spent a good amount of time there and I will definitely go back. Its nice knowing something like this exists in New Orleans.The games were all fun --- Some were sticky (ew). Bartender was mediocre. Nice place to hang out to bring out your inner kid, thoughI would normally walk past arcade bars because I feel like I've grown bored of the concept but as it was a rainy day in New Orleans and this place was right next to my hotel I had to give it a go. 
Nice drink list, staff is friendly and helpful. They let you relax and enjoy yourself without pushing more product on you.
They have games of course, most from the 90's the games are fun, don't know if this is something that happens everyday but when they first open or near opening, a guy maintains the games, and while doing so he puts loads of free games, so I played quite a few at no cost, so get there early and have fun.
Cool for games and drinks.Great spot, especially for game days! Always fun, food and drinks are good also. Bartenders are great! We met Nick (manager?) and he was super helpful and made sure we were well taken care ofI ordered a double Macallan 12 neat. The first time it was fine. The second time, the brought me a cold, watered down drink. Buyer be ware, they attempted to water down my drink. P.S. The food sucks. I the positive side the waitress was nice.I had the chance to visit a Saturday afternoon. The place was relatively empty, so this would probably be a good time to check the place out if you trying to get some game action in.  I will break down my experience a little for you.
Service. It was blah. If you know me, then you know my service needs are pretty simple and I'm just not hard to please. I do not like waitresses who constantly make me feel like they are trying to get me to leave. She just wasn't so pleasant and acting if she was in a rush.. When it was only three tables occupied and just didn't give me the best experience, just felt like she wanted us out there. So that was annoying and it got to a point my friend was really annoyed and we left and went across the street. 
Games. I love the games... Well let me clarify I love Mortal Kombat and Tron. It made me feel like a little girl again putting those coins in and going hardcore on those games for a little while. Note: work your joystick hand a little before going here because apparently as we get older our video gaming arming system is GONE.  There were all type of cool games from the 80s and 90 as well as pinball machines. In the back was another room with skeball, basketball and other things. There is also HUGE Jenga and Connect Four.
Cocktails. I went with the Rum Punch which as actually delicious. Served in a mason jar and had a truly good flavor. It was actually worth the $6.
Food. I wasn't so hungry so I decided to go with a PB&J sandwich, so I decided on a Banana and Honey one. Which is also fried with a little powered sugar on top. Truly yummy sandwich. I felt like a grown kid and wanted to do a happy dance. What made it extra cute is the fact that it came with a little milk.
My overall experience was just okay. Hopefully in my next visit service will be a bit better.In theory, I would be hanging out at Barcadia at least once a week. In practice, I'll go there when others suggest it. I love old school video games (especially 1970's pinball!), 80's music, beer, and good burgers. Barcadia can offer me all these things! Unfortunately it can also offer me music that is too loud, bartenders who are rude and don't give a shit, and a clientele of bubbas and overdressed college twits. I have been several times over the past couple of months and it is always the same story. I have a good time while I am there, my friends and I finding a way to ignore the attitude that is building around us (how dare we show up to play games?!?), but still feeling a bit awkward. My last trip included begging for change from the bar, due to their machine being broken, and then half of the games eating my quarters anyway which was a bummer. Oh well. The burgers are mighty tasty, the beer selection is decent, and I love some of the games that do work consistently. This is a place to have a fun, laid-back evening with friends but I wouldn't really recommend Saturday night if you want to get to the bar. It's a packed meat market. Until the twits find another place to congregate, I'll limit my time here.This is a neat place. Love the large games you can play and also the arcade games. Burger was great but nothing totally memorable. LOVE the beer selection. Great place to hang out and chill and drink beer. Can't wait to move back home and put this place in our regular hangout location.All of the games were broken! I loved the concept and even enjoyed playing giant jenga w/ friends but basketball, air hockey, and ski-ball were all broken. I got some food there - pretty run of the mill bar food. I think I would have had a blast had the games been working.Ohhh where do I start. Love their selection of arcade games and it brings back memories when I was a teenager playing Capcom and Street Fighter. My husband loves playing the Star Wars Game. They also have free comedy shows every Wednesday night so go check it out and the food is good and the bartenders are friendly. Never had a bad experience here.I love this place. The Korean wings are definitely perfect with a pitcher of draft beer and cheese curds. 
These are my favorite specials 
Happy hour 4-7 Mon-Fri
$1 off Wells/Drafts
1/2 of grub (appetizers marked)
Tuesday 
$12 Ribeyes
Wednesday 
75 cents wingsI think this is a great concept, but I didn't have a good experience. The big problem was that half the games ate quarters. You don't want to be like a disgruntled twelve-year-old whining to the bartender about the machine taking your quarter because, well, you're an adult, this is a bar, you didn't have to break any piggy banks to get those quarters. 
But its kind of inexcusable. Having the arcade games is your thing. Test them. Make sure they work. If not, put up a sign. I hope to come back and they have this worked out.Worst bar service I've ever seen. Waited 10 minutes as a bartender stood there and ignored all patrons. Fire your bartenders and find people who are actually not idiotsBrought my coworkers here yesterday great fun. We were able to play games, have a few drinks, and snack on.  Staff could be a little more attentive. Great place to go for drinks and a fun time.Want to give a negative rating since it was apparent we weren't exactly welcomed there.  After standing at the front were it says wait to be seated (and being stared at by a few patrons at the bar like we had a horn sticking up) with no one coming to seat us we left.  I notice a trend in the reviews - you might want to work on that since we are with a convention and will make sure everyone knows not to try this place! In the words of Julie Roberts - big mistake, big, huge....brought my son here, it is very kid friendly.  Awesome atmosphere and people.  Everything on the menu was delicious. I would go back anytime.Had an enjoyable outing with my wife and kids.  Staff was friendly.  Food was good.  The games kept my kiddies happy and, in turn, my wife and I happy.  Looking forward to a return visit.Paying for parking always sucks. The food is pretty good. Drinks are expensive. The main draw though... The games. Good game selection, but some games are broken. Still had a blast though. Plan on going back.Awful service, we were served food for our party of 6 at different times. And it was a non peak time of day. I would definitely not bother. Won't be back.Most games where broken, and when we tried to ask the staff about it, he simply kicked the side a few times and when nothing happened he just said "oh sorry" and just walked away.  Bartenders where just as bad.  When you order a beer with Guinness on top and she simply just pours it all together.  So right off the back, the two things this place is supposed to be about BAR, ARCADE,  it's in the name, BARCADIA.  I lost about 6 quarters.  Fix your games, because why have them out there?! So douche frat boys can just stand next to them?  Replace your bartenders, or at least train them.  Also replace the staff with people who know something about customer service. *kicks a machine and walk away* Thanks for the buzzkill.Barcadia is not good. This is the first time I've actually taken notes somewhere so I could be sure to get it all into my review. 
My husband and I were in New Orleans for our anniversary trip. Visiting from Chicago where we have several amazing beercades we thought we had hit the jackpot when we stumbled into Barcadia. But then ... reality set in.
First and foremost this place is WAY overpriced. They had just an ok selection of craft beer but at $8 a pop you're better off going somewhere else with a bigger selection and a better grasp on the market. The game selection is seriously lacking. If the bar was packed with people looking to play games there would be no way to get on a machine. Luckily there was no one in the bar when we came so we were able to play but once we realized they were charging (high prices) for game play we immediately figured this place a bust. High beer prices PLUS high game prices made us wonder why anyone would ever want to frequent Barcadia. 
The owners of this establishment probably want to rethink their business model and perhaps visit a few good beercades to see how it's done correctly. Most of the successful beercades I've been to offer free games and beer prices similar to others in the area. Or the couple I've been to that charge for games (WAY less than Barcadia) have amazing deals on their craft beers with a huge selection to choose from. 
The only reason I gave this place two stars and not one was because the music was actually pretty decent and the service was excellent. At least the staff we met made it pleasant enough for us to have a couple beers and leave. Overall I felt this place was just trying way too hard to be a cool and severely failing at the attempt.Worth it for the burger alone. I'm obsessed. It's the bun. I had one late night after coming back to my hotel next door and could not get it off my brain. My next trip I sat at the bar alone just before my flight and it was just as good as I remembered. The bar is also really fun and has jenga, connect four and lots of arcade games. It appears they have daily specials and the big bloody mary was quite taste. As far as a sports bar/burger go.....I highly recommend!This is place is definitely for stoner coeds with no standards. It smells like sour rags and socks.  The games are low budget and some were broken.  The worst thing is they charge $12 for a shot of Hennessy in a plastic cup.  Unacceptable.  The staff is unprofessional.  The bartender spent more time entertaining her visitors with her foul profane mouth then serving paying customers.  You need to hire an experienced staff and lower your prices.  SMH!Usually frequent this bar/restaurant. I love the vibe, however there is one manager (Allen) who is completely rude and is one of those people who shows that he doesn't enjoy his job.  Totally disregards showing any type of respect to his customers.  Talk about NOT leading by example.  Sad to say, when I'm in the area, if I see Allen working, I will NOT be stopping by for a Saints Game, to mingle, or just to have some of those awesome chicken nachos... I'm gonna take myself and crowd I bring down the street or somewhere who treats their customers kindly.Don't waste your time or money. The drinks are under poured, the lighting is too dark to see your food,  and the service is poor.Went here with my friend last week for the grand opening. CRAZY!!! In a good way of course. It's like a big bar/arcade style gaming room for adults. It does have kind of the college fraternity/sorority vibe to it, but that's ok. It was fun to let loose and act like a youngster again.... I will defintely go back. It's best to go in groups though. Oh, and the bartenders were awesome.Feeling nostalgic for some good old school fun? Well Barcadia located just a short walk from the French Quarter in the bustling Warehouse district is every big kid's paradise. The inside far wall of this bar-cade is lined with the best throwback games from Mortal Combat and Street Fighter to classic fan favorite PAC Man. There's even a bill changer that dispenses quarters to play so go ahead and get your fill of fun while you wait for your food or just hang out for a while.
The outdoor seating area is home to a few games too. Think life size versions of Connect Four and Jenga. Whether seated inside or outdoors, you can't go wrong with the game options. 
Not into arcade games? There's a couple TVs tuned into ESPN or whichever game is on. Plus there radio system blasts pop tunes. Whatever your fancy, you'll be satisfied at Barcadia.  As far as the food is concerned, there are a host of typical bar options but a few menu items stand out if you're not counting calories: fried PB&J and fried Oreos. Both options are delicious so just extend your run/jog/walk an extra mile and try them.Ok place , 2nd time here and a much better experience compared to the last time.
Lets be clear, I didn't have an awful time on my first visit , I ordered a drink ...I got a drink...I ordered food...I got food. Perfect ,right??? NO not perfect at all!
My most recent experience at Barcadia, PERFECTION, to say the least.
The Bartender, Sonnie, was awesome. I ordered a drink , I got a drink , some friendly conversation as to why or how I came to be in New Orleans, was told about the really good burgers  on the menus and a smile. I ordered a burger and got more of what this bartender does. I witnessed her taking her time showing some out of towners where to go and how to get there.
Honestly, Barcadia isn't my type of place but great service will always bring me back at some point. This was more of a review of the Bartender rather than the bar itself which I'm sure she makes a better place.Took over an hour from the time we entered the restaurant to the time we received our food. Everyone loved what they got, but since service was so slow everyone only got one drink before we all decided to move to a different bar. Good music and fun games. Wish it hadn't taken so long for service so we had wanted to stay longer!I honestly do not think this used to be a country, but I'm totally here for the breathalyzer. If I had to have any constructive criticism, I'd have to say that there needs to be more pinball machines. So blessedConveniently located on a corner, not far from the French Quarter. Parking was easy to find even during a holiday weekend. 3 stars for the lack of good service. As far as food, Truffle Parm'd Fries were cooked crispy with just enough Parmesan, nachos and wings were mediocre, and fried peanut butter and jelly was different. It wasn't bad, but not good. Had a small pile of grease laying under the sandwich. Great selection of beer, drinks can get pricey, but what can you expect in a touristy city.So I'm picky about my street tacos and every time I get them here they are amazing. The chorizo tacos are my favorite but that's just my personal preference. If your looking for something healthier the Greek salad is the way to go! I always have fun in this place. The bartenders are attractive and love to have a good time with the customers. Definitely the place to be after a saints game!Greasy greasy food and loud music. I wouldn't go back for dinner - but maybe for a beer sometime during the day. The food was not good - despite the reviews I had read on the place. It was mediocre and there are much better options in the warehouse district. Beer was also overpriced.Yummy food. Great prices. Awesome game atmosphere. Loved the giant connect four game out in the patio. Will definitely be back here again.This place has fun games, good enough food, and quality service- it's not a bad hangout.  
My big gripe with the establishment comes from the beer on tap; I would be willing to bet that they pretty much never clean the tap lines, which grosses me out. The last time I went in I ordered a Two Hearted Ale by Bells.  I have drank a good few of these beers in my day, so I know what it is supposed to taste like.  I asked the bartender if Not Your Father's Root Beer had been on that tap previous to Bells because my beer tasted like Root beer. She said "omg ya, like months ago.  A few people have complained about that."  So there have been complaints about this beer line for months & they haven't done anything?  
I still paid for that beer, but they gave me a voucher for a free one the next time I went. Sure, Good enough, what ever.
So now I'm here about three weeks later to use that voucher.  I got a Dale's Pale Ale, and it's also just not quite right. They don't have Bells on tap anymore, so I couldn't check to see if the same problem from before persists, but I would be willing to bet that there's some funk in all of their tap lines.  
That's my story! Otherwise, great food, service & atmosphere, but I have a hard time looking past grimy beer lines.What a great place! 
This bar was right across the street from our hotel, and we decided to stay close for a few drinks and a late dinner. This place caught our eye as we walked by because of its name, and the fact that they have a bunch of arcade games that you can see through the window. This was our second stop for the night, and we weren't sure where we were going to grab dinner, but we were getting hungry when we arrived. We talked to the bartender about the menu and he sold us on the fact that everything was fresh and "not your average bar food."
My husband ordered the Korean pork shanks (which were recommended by the bartender), and I got the Smokin Joe burger and we shared fries. The pork shanks were AMAZING, honestly. I had wished I had gotten them, because the one that he shared just wasn't enough. The burger was great, too. The bacon was super crispy, just the way that I like it. The fries are fresh cut, in house, and definitely worth having after a few drinks.
Barcadia's beer selection is vast and we both enjoyed some local brews. 
If you're in the area, I would recommend trying this place out. It has a great atmosphere, a wide variety of beers,  the food is by far the best "bar food" I've eaten, and the bartenders are nice and willing to help with recommendations.Meh. Nothing special. I have fun when I go but it's definitely over hyped. The bar tender is way to in to herself. Confidence is a good thing but...  yea. She often skips over everyone to make sure the creepy old men that are drooling over her are taken care of. I'm sure money is the motivation. Any who, the food is your usual bar food. I do like the garage door like windows. Fresh air is always a plus. The games were a cool idea but I haven't gone there strictly for that reason. I mean Harrah's is also right there but yea at least go during a Saints home game to say you've been there.Fun games and crowd with good drink prices! Where can you go wrong? Make sure to bring quarterd eith you, but therenis also an ATM.This was a cool bar. It's away from the craziness on bourbon street. Mature crowd of people in their 20s and 30s. The music is awesome, games were fun... I especially enjoyed the air hockey. Variety of things to do, and a good atmosphere to make some new friends! Wink winkBack again, so the posters aren't a deal breaker.  Great 80's music to sing along to. The roasted Brussel sprouts with butternut squash is the best!  Someone ordered the fried onions with a spicy dipping sauce that hit the proverbial spot. A bit chilly ao they may be challenged to regulate the temperature,  hut solid lunch choice.Barcadia was a nostalgic trip back to childhood. The old school arcade games alone make it worth stopping by. When I saw they had a fried PB&J on the menu, I was intrigued. It was a delicious treat! My wife got a burger that tasted good as well.  I look forward to my next visit!Concept de la mort qui tue: un bar qui fait à la fois salle d'arcade vintage! Street Fighter II, The simpsons et même un vieux Star Wars Atari de 1983! Il y a aussi des flippers, des puissance 4 géants et j'en passe. 
Rien qu'a écrire cette review je suis tout excité, je veux y retourner là maintenant tout de suite avec des potes!
Et si je vous dit qu'en plus ils ont une superbe carte de bière, qu'est ce que vous attendez encore?I do not do a lot of Yelp reviews, but this one merited it. I ordered through uber eats, as I was staying with a friend downtown not far from Barcadia. As a native New Orleanian, I recognize there is a basic standard for poboys, and that is the bread. This awful place tried to pass off a hoagie roll as a "poboy"! Unreal. The wilted lettuce and soggy fried shrimp were also a huge disappointment. If you are visiting do not order from here, it is not a valid representation of the city of New Orleans. If you are a local, do not waste your time either.My friend and I order 2 10pc wings and waited for 60 mins, to have delivered. Only to come to find, they got our order wrong. They sent over small little chicken bites with stale fries instead. I wouldn't order from here again.Eeh, I don't really know what to say. it's different than all the other places, which is the main reason I like to come out here. My husband is really REALLY good at Pacman. I mean, he's standing there for 30 minutes straight. 
The mega Jenga is pretty creative. I've never had a chance to try it. But when people are getting drunk, I kinda wish they didn't have it around.Was OK, but I was disappointed in the small game selection.  I've been to other bars based on this same theme with much larger/better selection.  The upside is this place was very clean and welcoming.Great theme. Good food. Cold beer. Great service. Tons of classic games. Good for lunch or happy hour. Our office does parties there.If it's nostalgia you're after, look elsewhere. Barcadia feels more like a night club waiting room than an 80s/90s arcade. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad place to have fun. However, if you're not willing to wait four deep to play Street Fighter, Barcadia's not for you. It's crowded, it's loud and you WILL get separated from your friends. 
Pros: The food is top notch. And in spite of the crowd, the service is prompt.I like that the space was big & airy...and even better when they opened the big garage doors on a nice night. And, of course, I like that it's smoking on the patio only.
The menu is limited but good; I had the seared tuna salad and it was tasty.  The table service was...attentive if distracted, y'know?
I wish the Dolly Parton pinball was better restored, but then again it was giving us free games. I just wanted all the lights & bells to work.
The giant jenga games were entertaining to watch, especially the person who turned beet red when he pulled the wrong block.The worst bar in New Orleans.
Washed up fraternity bro?  Come here.
Good luck getting service.  Seriously.  You're in my prayers.Good bar, decent food. Have had quite a few good times here. Great selection of beers on tap most of the time. Worth stopping in if you want a few drinks with friends.What I would give to have this bar in Boston.  Old school video games and lots of booze.  Come on... what more could you want?This place is cool. I could see adding it to my spots in the Warehouse district. Its big like a nightclub.i The nice vintage pinup calendars on the back bar wall is a nice touch. I love the cushions that caress your kness when you sit at the Bar! Really nice beer by the bottle selection. Mainly a vodka bar.Great happy hour pricing and old school arcade games?? Um yes please, all of that and more of that.
We had just gotten into town on vacation and were in need of libations and sustenance.   Their happy hour special on Thursdays is steak night which is a ribeye with two sides and a glass of wine for under $20.00 but, we decided to partake in margaritas and some apps.  They extended the happy hour pricing of $5.00 doubles to us for the margaritas which was awesome!
We sat inside and our server was worth a 5 star rating because she was quick to go through all the steps of service.  We had two double margaritas each and that was enough to make us feel relaxed and happy after the drive.  The smoked pork nachos were unbelievably amazing and honestly I haven't found a place that sells them since this one place from back home.  My eyes almost popped out of my head when I saw them on the menu and my anticipation couldn't be contained.  They lived up to my anticipation with a smokey yet spicy flavor of bbq sauce and I was happy to see they weren't mooshy!  We also ordered the fried pickles and of course I ordered a side of bleu cheese dressing to dip them in.  The were crisp, thick slices of pickle chips and the breading had a great flavor in the breading!  The bleu cheese um yes please!
I really enjoyed this place and we headed out to the patio to finish our final drinks and enjoy people watching.  If you are looking for amazing happy hour deals with strong drinks and great food this is the spot for you!Barcadia is what it sounds like. It's a bar and an arcade. And chlamydia might be involved. Probably not though.
Yes, it's like Barcade in Brooklyn (even similar in name), but this one is much bigger and has multiple rooms. In the front, there's a bar, tables and a TV to watch the game, and some arcade games. Play the Star Wars one where you're inside the tie fighter. It's worth the $3.
In the second room is a bigger bar, a dance floor, and a way to go out to the patio. There's some dancing in here, but not much.
Then there's a third smaller room with the games that take up a lot of space like basketball shooting, air hockey, and driving games. This also leads to the bathroom. And also to the back and last room, which is more of a club.
The club was a bit empty early on, but they also have a dress code. My friend couldn't get in in graphic tee. We were told by the locals that it's a much better spot after 11.
All in all, Barcadia is awesome. AND they have the biggest Connect Four board I've ever seen.I'm sorry for the bad review but I think this place has a lot of potential if they change a few things. I went here with a few friends and we actually left after 10 minutes. And here's why. The music was ridiculously loud. The music was not my taste but it could've been tolerated if it wasn't so loud. It sounded like a club. Next were the TVs. Everyone was watching a game. I'm sorry, a barcade is for playing games, not watching other people play them on TV. And because everyone was watching the game, nobody was playing! Not one single game was being played in the main area and the place was packed. Also, the bartenders look like they belong in a dance club. This place needs to figure out its intended demographic. I wish it was a place for people to hang out, drink beers, and play fun games. I've been to other awesome barcades before. Believe me, they don't have TVs and the bartenders are nerdy videogamers.THE worst. Sports bar with 10 TVs..... But no NFL Sunday Ticket. WTF.  Waitress poured hot sauce all over our friend... Said nothing. Food, mediocre at best.  Had no idea how to make half our drinks. I could go on. This bar is awful.I spent $150 in this place and some guy claiming to b the owner has me escorted out because someone bumps me at the bar and a literal splash falls on his shoes GTF! I don't usually support chains in my city and this just further backs my stance.I always enjoy coming here. Great games. The food is great for bar food. It does get very crowded on game days, and the bathroom lines get really long.  We always have fun here though. Music selection is great.I was hoping for something more, but overall it was a pretty fun experience. The service was not exceptional, but my friends and I just ordered beer, so it wasn't a challenge anyway. They offer a good selection of beer on draft, complete with descriptions of the brewery's location, % alcohol by volume, etc. 
The loud pop music they were playing did not suit my taste, and some of the games seemed a little overpriced (a quick air hockey or skeeball game seems like it should be about 50 cents instead of more than a dollar). On top of that, a number of the machines were broken. I did have fun playing some old arcade games I grew up on (Street Fighter, Track & Field, Punch Out, etc.), but there are lots of bars with old-school video games, pinball machines, and air hockey tables. I was just expecting a bit more for a place that advertises that almost exclusively. The highlight was playing giant Jenga with 2x4 blocks, which didn't cost anything.I think it's meant for a different crowd.Fun place to hang out drink and play games. Not better than shamrock. They have quite a bit of beer selections. They tend to host a day party sometimes especially during football season. The crowd is more tourist. There's nowhere to park so catch a cab or uber.If I could give this a zero, I would.  Yes, it's 12 midnight, but it advertises "dine in or take out til 2 am".  Well, we had to find the waitress, and we were told they only had wings, fries and burgers.  Nothing else that was in the menu was available.   The blue cheese dip was soupy...yes soupy.  The Buffalo wings...were not Buffalo wings.  They even stole the sonic the hedgehog character.   At least they have free WiFi.