We ended up at Baru by accident; we were hot, dehydrated and in need of lunch. Baru was the only thing around that seemed even remotely interesting, so we gave it a shot.
And it's a good thing! The food here was _excellent_, and at the price point they are charging it's almost unbeatable. Service was wonderful and the size of this restaurant gives it a great intimate feeling.Best restaurant in the Magazine Street area if you ask me! The mazorca and steak skewers are amazing. Don't forget to get the arepas!Well......There isn't really much to add to these reviews . 
Baru bistro is an incredible experience!
We were wowed by the Grand marnier margaritas also the churrasco steak is definitely a must !
It's was an easy choice for dessert, the tres leche with strawberry sauce  was just amazing.
 Can't wait to visit this place again !.Service is exceptional. I ordered chuzos off the small plate menu. Perfectly cooked, great seasoning. My husband ordered from the regular menu. Forgot what his dish was called, but it was an entire fish! A beautifully plated, perfectly cooked red snapper. Accompanied by fried plantain chips (crispy and delicious), coconut rice, and some sort of slaw. Highly recommend it!!!We loved the ambiance of the upstairs bar; however, the downstairs aesthetic is just as appealing. By far the best chimichuri skirt steak available in New Orleans. The mazorco appetizer was a great start to the delicious and well-rounded meal. The house made tres leches did not disappoint. Fabulous wine selection. We definitely highly recommend trying out this establishment. Service was prompt and polite. The manager, John, even took his time to welcome us in. It was an all around welcoming and pleasant experience.Amazing upstairs balcony, great food, varying menu, reasonably priced.  Love this place.  Lamb sliders were incredible.What an amazing find! New Orleans has some great Cajun food but this Latin and Caribbean fusion is a MUST! Everything was absolutely delicious. We ordered the pulled pork yucca and quinoa chowder tapas and the pork chop and mofongo entree and enjoyed every bite on the balcony!Good tapas & a nice lunch menu.  Some inventive dishes & some that sound better on paper than they actually taste.  Love the corn item and the tuna was great.  The avocado/mushroom thing which I was really excited about was sort "meh."  Definitely worth a visit.Will New Orleans cuisine ever cease to amaze me! Doubt it, this place is amazing.  Fried oysters are to die for.  West Indian crab cakes with a beet salad, skirt steak all equally amazing. I intend to come back and try it all.  And it's reasonably priced!  Definitely in my rotation nowThe review of Baru to me would be...it's ok. Everything's pretty average, excluding the Arepas which were thin, and tasted like the stove. If I lived near by, I'd probably stop in and have the steak tacos (which are quite good) and beer, but I don't. I'll leave my Arepas consumption to Mais.Found this place by accident when the restaurant we'd planned to go to was closed. We were drawn in by the smell wafting down the street and were not disappointed.
They serve tapas as well a full sized entrees that are packed with flavor.  I tried the lamb sliders, the Caribbean style shrimp and the crispy chicken tapas - all were amazing.  The jerk chicken over rizotto entree was something I never would have thought to order for myself, but I ate almost all of my boyfriend's plate!
Last thing I'll say is the service was great and the margaritas (with some kind of spicy salt on the rim) was the best margarita I've had in ages.  Great place, definitely going back!!Came here for "happy hour" one weekday with some friends. However, after looking at the menu, there is no deal. It's just a smaller portion and half the price. For example, the lamb slider on the HH menu is just one slider for $5, where as on the regular menu, you get two lamb sliders for $10. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious! But not a deal. 
Also, wasn't a fan of the atmosphere. They put us in the back and there was not much lighting and we felt crammed. 
I had the featured cocktail which was some watermelon basil vodka drink. Sounded delicious yet was disgusting! My coresident got it too and we both had to ask for something different. Unfortunately, with all the other great HH's in Nola, will probably not be back here.I can't believe that this trap is getting good reviews.  We live in the neighborhood and went once. 
Service BAD, food TERRIBLE, no beer/wine, very expensive, high corkage., no parking, no good side to this.
There are plenty of good restaurants & cafes nearby.Colorful bistro that offers modernized twists on Caribbean food---tapas and kabobs, mostly with a seafood slant. Friendly waitstaff, if slightly harried because of the weekend lunch rush. No booze, no beer, no liquor license---a shame since an Abita would have been welcome on the 100-degree Saturday afternoon. Hell, a  working door would have been nice, as theirs is tempermental and either gets stuck (A few potential customers were banging desperately with their fists and/or shoving with their shoulders and/or yelling "Hello?") or randomly creeps ajar, letting in blasts of heat. Kind of annoying, if you're sitting in the front as I was. 
The good news? Like many places in New Orleans, Baru is sans liquor license, but embraces a friendly BYOB (or BYOV, BYOW, BYOA) policy. The food is portioned small and a little pricey for lunch, but it's uniformly terrific, even the plantain chips and yucca. I wish they had more meat and poultry options than they did, but if you favor seafood I doubt you'll be disappointed.
PS. Did I mention the door?
PPS. Baru, I like you, but please look into your door situation.My first experience was great. Went with two other girls. We decided to stick to the tapas appetizers and split a few. The consensus was that the oysters may have been the best we have ever tried. Can't go wrong with the steak skewers and pork either. Affordable prices , staff was very friendly plus great atmosphere! Would have loved if there wasn't a corking fee since most other restaurants I've been to in the city do not charge one (domenica, Lebanon cafe, American sector, etc...)but I would highly recommend this place.This place is as good as it gets, honest. I really love everything about this place from the seating and setting, the service and of course the the best tapas in the city.  
If available on a nice late evening try sitting upstairs on the balcony, a great setting looking out over Magazine. The service here is excellent and unlike a lot of places in Nola, completely unpretentious. The food is tremendous and you can tell a lot of love and care is put in every dish. Seriously, nothing here is bad.I love this place.  I love the shrimp & fish tacos.  The presentation is fantastic.  The shrimp are giant.  But...there are things I'd change.....no shrimp tacos for dinner? you can't make one anyway? too bad.  I ordered the shrimp salad with mango...yummy....a little too much shell left on and it was hard to peel. My daughter got the shrimp entree...sadly there was pork in it....so she quit eating it midway thru (sorry, she doesn't speak cuban...so she didn't know).  But...it was pretty!
They don't have liquor but you can bybo....i did see they were applying for a license.  
all and all, i really do love this place...and i'd have given it five stars if they'd accommodated me with the shrimp tacos at night. (I order them for lunch at least 3x a wees so it's not like they don't know i'm a repeat customer).  Baru is a hidden treasure on Magazine Street.Poor service.  It took 10 minutes for someone to come and speak to us and they didn't even say hello. Just dropped the menus on the table.
2 bites of food for $9.  Go to Mais Arepas if you want to get an Arepa.
Put a juicy plate of food on a wood plank that cause grease to run all over the table.
Keep on walking and don't eat here.RIDICULOUSLY good. everything was amazing, especially the conch ceviche. I could have had five servings of it. just remember to bring your own wine. But love this place!Oh Baru I wanted to love you. 
Food: could have been 5 stars, but I don't know. The Guacobello (awful name) was AMAZING. order it now. 
The corn with French fries was not good. At all. 1 star. 
Service: Great on the server end, poor on the general manager. I came for a foodie tour. I represented a culinary company. I wanted to try a few of your items in smaller portions (which you would be offering in a few hours either way for happy hour), why did you say no? I would understand under various circumstances but when I'm the only one in the restaurant, I know it's possible. 
Ambiance: poor. Minimalism is one thing. Awful interior design is another. I know you have a small space, but you can do better. 
I'll be back next year Baru. I'll give you another shot.Every time I come to Baru, it's a love/ hate relationship. I love the ceviche and Mazorca and arepas but I hate the service. Slower than molasses in the winter time every time. I really wish they would bring on more servers.Popped in for a quick bite.  Their sangria is the shit and their ceviche is also pretty awesome. Eat here;  you'll like it.Worst service I have ever had in my life. 
Firstly i will start by saying that our server was female and her name started with a V.  I know not because she intruduced her self or told us anything, not even hello, but because when we asked the bartender for our check he told us her name. Thats how much service she gave us. Unaccepatable, i would get better service at mcdonalds.
They give you silverware at mcdonalds we had to ask and wait 10 min.  They were out of silverware? Maybe i dont know, we got no explaination.
The food was meh.  Our waitress didnt bring it, someone from the kitchen did.  The hot items where served not hot maybe luke warm.  Which may have played into why it tasted dull and greasy.
Mainly the hour we where there we watched our waitress talk with a bus boy, act annoyed or roll her eyes at us when she had to ve pealed away from helping the bus boy polish glasses.  Yeah, we watched her the whole time, even signaled we needed help meet by its not my job glances and got ignored.  Talking to that bus boy must have been really important.
No this place is not 5 stars, not even one
Check came to 50 for two people which was a total rip off.I always try to visit at least once every 6 months. It is my top restaurant in the city. The food is great!! The location is ideal. Good place for groups and for dates.Amazing food. I would definitely return soon!Went here with my partner, we shared 4 or 5 tapas and were not disappointed! All were carefully prepared, extremely delicious, and pleasantly filling.  The wine list is lovely - all Spanish and South American wines. I feel that everything was priced fairly, especially considering how good it was.  We had excellent service and will return soon.My husband and I had a wonderful 20th anniversary dinner here October 15.  We loved that we could walk from our B & B, the food was so flavorful and we shared 4 tapas dishes which was plenty for us to still have room for the delicious chocolate cake.  The Mojito was the best ever!Ate here recently. Wait staff was very poor. Food good. Cleanliness questionable. Pick one of the other many options in the great eating Mecca!Omg this place had the a great atmosphere and the jerk chicken was AMAZING... best chicken I have ever had... and the rest of my family all enjoyed their meals as well...Disappointed.  
Food was very good but for the price the service was very bad bordering on rude.  Four of us went.  The waiter was rude to the girls, hard to track down, and generally uninterested in his job.
If it were not $12 cocktails and $25 plates this would be fine, but part of the up charge is for service I would like to think.
Baru used to be pretty great place to go, now I am scared it has relegated itself to an overpriced happy hour spot for Friday afternoons before going to eat somewhere worth the money.Best for a small group due to the size of the restaurant. More fun to go with people that like to share food. Everything is delicious. Fun atmosphere. Before you're table is ready go check out upstairs, fantastic view of magazine street. Small plates are the perfect amount for sharing. Great location, delicious food and a lively wait staff.Lovely Columbian food in an intimate setting. This restaurant has remained steady and popular for years now. Prices are reasonable and the food is fresh and tasty. Reservations are recommended. The sangria was the happy hour cocktail and it's  decent, but just a little too sweet for my taste. But, the happy hour cocktail is always $5 which is a bargain! Ceviche and fried oysters were tasty and are posted in my pics. I forgot to take pics of the tapas $5 happy hour appetizer, but that was yummy too. For $5, chicken and avocado mash on a fresh tostone, 2 pieces, what a bargain!Latin tapas restaurant located in the beautiful and eclectic Garden District. This cute little spot is spacious enough inside to accommodate a small crowd as well as outdoor seating for those who prefer to catch a few rays. 
Being a tapas restaurant the portions are small however; the dishes pack a mean flavor punch! Tapas is just never enough food for me so I go with the intentions of snacking not complete satiety.
I started with the succulent Crab Cake accompanied by a delicious Beet Salad...I wanted a second order it was so divine. I decided to try the Salmon Ceviche served with addictive crisply tortilla chips. I enjoyed the magnificent food and friendly service. 
~ChristyTHE BEST LATIN AMERICAN RESTAURANT IN TOWN! And I am Hispanic, so I know the real deal. One of our favorite restaurants in town. Great service, terrific food, yummy drinks, and really cool ambience. I recommend the ceviche, the guacabello, and the chuzos. I usually order all 3 as a dinner meal. But you cannot go wrong with all the items in the menu. I have tried about half of the menu and was never disappointed. BUENISIMO!Great time with my two teens and wife. The food was absolutely delicious, 4.5! Staff was wonderful and the upstairs outdoor balcony deck was great for the sunset.The small plates were very good. Small place and great food. Skirt steak and crab cakes were both awesome. Tasty.We ate here about a year ago. This place has the food, the ambience, the service. It has it all. I loved the steak and especially eating out on the balcony. My hubby ordered the fish. It had great flavor and a crispiness to it, it was not mooshy by any means. I loved the salsa verde on top of my steak as well. The staff could not have been any more accomodating and friendly. I will be back.Some of the best food I've ever eaten, plus great drinks and atmosphere.I have been here twice - both times for dinner on a Friday. The tapas are tasty, the drinks are refreshing, and the ambiance is relaxing. You feel like you're on a caribbean island; it is no doubt a nice change of pace. The first time I was there, we spent around $60-$75 for 4-5 tapas and 2 spritzer drinks. The second time was a bit more expensive because I savored a cocktail and we also had dessert. Since the tapas are larger, it is definitely a "bang for your buck."
If I ever have the chance again, I will return.
Overall: 4.1 / A-Best crab cakes in town. Great little spot on magazine st. Good service and great food!Decided to take the girlfriend out for a nice lunch. Did not have a nice lunch. The service was extremely slow. We didn't expect to be there that long for lunch. The only thing I enjoyed was the ice tea and fried oysters. The ceviche was so so. I ate 1/10 of my entree and she ate about the same with her's. I ate a little bit of her sandwich though. I ordered the Jamaican chicken burrito. Too much going on for a burrito. Our drinks never got filled. The waiter was MIA most of the time.BLUF:  Absolutely amazing tapas.  So amazing that lots of people are there...but worth it and I can't wait to go back.
In all fairness we went a 830pm on a Friday, but this place was jammed.  We got a seat at the bar upstairs which was good enough for us.  I would suggest going earlier and trying to get a table outside.  The place is super awesome with great atmosphere but the bar is the worst place to experience that.  Sit outside and upstairs for the perfect night. 
The cocktails were great.  My wife got a capiriniaha (the brazilian drink that I can't spell but should since that is where we went on our honeymoon) and it was great.  I got a grapefruit/mezcal drink and it was fantastic.
We ordered only tapas even though the main courses looked amazing.  Honestly everything on the menu looked amazing.  
Started with the chorizo.  I didnt like it cuz I thought it was dry but my wife loved it and she rattled off all the reasons it was good/legit chorizo made with quality spices and meat. Fine, she wins.  They came with yucca fries that I loved because I love yucca
Unfortunately, I wont be able to name the others as easily.  The next thing we got were steak kabobs with homony patties.  These were pretty good.  
Next we got a fried mashed yucca ball topped with pulled pork which was incredible.  I really loved the yucca ball thing.  
Next we got the lamb sliders with some spanish cheese on a standard dinner roll  type bread.  This is might have been the best thing that we got.  Came with 2 and I almost stole my wife's.
Finally we got the avacado/mushroom on spinach tortilla chip.  I got it appease my wife's veggie preference but I might have liked it more than she did.  Unreal.  Such an amazing combination.  
Service was very nice and helpful but sitting at a bar made it suffer to some degree.  I bet if we had sat at table we would have been able to enjoy the night a little more which is probably the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.  
I would love to go back and try new things or get the exact same things.  Amazing place.  Busy.My husband and I had dinner at Baru last night and don't think we'll go back again.
We were seated by a friendly hostess upstairs near a front window, which was nice because it gave us a great view of foot traffic on Magazine and the architecture of beautiful old New Orleans.
The bartender was our waiter for the evening, and he was personable and attentive.  Upon my request, he gave us a few recommendations and we placed our order. We ordered 6 small plates.  As far as cocktails go, I had red sangria, which was pretty tasty, and my husband had a vodka tonic.
And now for where and when things went wrong.
The place is a tapas spot, and it was our anniversary, so we were anticipating a leisurely dinner. We rarely get a chance to have a real date night, so we were looking forward to taking our time and enjoying our meal.
The waiter brought our first three dishes - ceviche, skirt steak skewers and a shrimp dish. We were sitting at a pretty small table, so we had plates everywhere. I really thought my drink was going to fall off the table at any moment.  It was hard to reach across the table to get to everything without knocking something over.
The ceviche was fresh and had a very bright, citrus flavor.  There were what looked like cubed sweet potatoes on the side that were very bland. Kind of a throwaway.  The skirt steak skewers were delicious. They were topped with a chimichurri sauce that was full of great flavors, but unfortunately, they were cold.  The shrimp dish was very tasty as well - sort of had a BBQ shrimp flavor - and were served with crostini topped with a delicious aioli, but again, cold.
About 5 minutes later someone from the kitchen brought out our next two dishes, lamb sliders and fried oysters. There was NO ROOM on our table.  We had just begun to eat our first 3 dishes. The guy asked what he should do with our food.  WHAT?! My husband and I just looked at each other.  My husband told him to just put it on the bar.  When we finished the first three dishes, which we wolfed down because we knew the other 2 were getting cold, we asked for the others.  Yep, you guessed it - COLD AS ICE.  We were not amused.  It's a shame they were cold, because the flavor of each was pretty good.
Lastly, they brought our crab cakes.  Neither of us liked them.  Not even a little bit.  
The bartender came over and asked if we wanted to order dessert. We declined, took care of the check and headed out.  We noticed that most of the tables that were seated after us had already eaten and left.  It seemed that turning over tables was more important than providing a relaxing, tapas experience. 
It's a shame we were so hurried and the food was all cold, because the chef did a pretty good job with the food. Most of the dishes we had were very tasty.
I had such high hopes for this place.  I'm sad that we were rushed through dinner on our anniversary.One of my favorite NOLA places. Have to try everything but the whole fried fish is my go to plate. ceviche n all small plates r a must trySummary:
EMPANADAS EMPANADAS EMPANADAS. If I didn't have empanadas it would've been 3 stars. If only had the empanadas, it would've been 5 stars. I don't even like empanadas. Come here and get the empanadas.
Ramble:
At first was a little underwhelmed by the good. The dinner menu prices seemed a bit high, about 20% more than my perceived value with for the tiradito (yellow fin tuna appetizer), skirt steak skewers tapas and pulled pork dinner plate. The tuna was scarce and pretty much swimming in a citrus sauce (meh on presentation). The flavors were good, just not quite 14 dollars worth (I eat a lot of raw fish, so I know what 14 dollars of yellowfin should be like).  The skirt steak tapas was well grilled but honestly was overly salted. The pulled pork dish did not seem special and tasted a little bland. Regular pork over regular rice over regular black beans. The plantains in the dish were decent but hidden.
The empanadas were the highlight of my experience. First, the price wasn't inflated like the meat dishes. Second, the taste. From the toppings, to the crust, to the filling... everything was perfect and well balanced. I was surprised since I am usually biased toward meat dishes and would go back every meal for those empanadas.Came here for lunch yesterday and sat outside to enjoy the interesting weather. I was surprised at how limited the menu was for tapas. I just assume that tapas places have a lot of different options, but as far as tapas go they didn't have a whole lot. 
I ordered the purple potato crab/potato salad with a quail egg on top. The person I was with got the Ceviche. The potato crab salad came out well before the ceviche and also didn't have any quail egg. I asked the waiter and he said, "oh I think we maybe ran out. I will go check." He never told me if they ran out or just forgot, but I would have liked to know that before I ordered it. That was what was going to make it interesting and savory. Instead I just had potato salad with crab mixed in. The Ceviche finally came out and I was surprised at how liquidy it was. I have had ceviche all over the world and never seen it look almost like a soup. That may have what made it taste way too lime/citrusy. 
We also ordered the steak/egg grilled sandwich. Luckily this time it had the egg and everything it mentioned on it. The sandwich was really good but the papas were a little over done. Of all the tapas places that I have been to so far, this one would have to be at the bottom of my list.BYOB!
I went with a group of eight, the servers were a little flustered despite our advance reservation and we got moved around a couple times.  Once we got settled, though, everything went smoothly.  There were lots of us and lots of little menu items (tapas, that is!), so someone in the group took the liberty of ordering "two of everything" from the first list.
Of the seven or eight items that came out, all but three were vegetarian and one of those was a salad so you could still get some greens without touching the shrimp.  It was all good!  The eggplant, avocado and portobello was one veggie dish that was AMAZING.  There was something for everyone, and dishes were getting passed around until everything disappeared.
The inside was a little crowded, I felt, but we also had a big group.  I'd probably try for a spot on the sidewalk next time.  But as for food, you really can't go wrong here.Stopped in for a little tapas time during girls night out. It was a busy Friday night, but we managed to get the last table. We shares the Patacones and wines by the glass. I remember thinking their wine list by the glass to be a bit steep considering the atmosphere; tables 12 inches away from each other does not make me excited to spend $12 per glass on wine I can buy at the store for $15 per bottle. But, the Patacones more than made up for it. The tostones were perfectly fried and some of the best I've had, including some well-known Cuban spots in Miami. Topped with well-seasoned chicken and avocado. Nice presentation also.  Service was attentive and friendly without interrupting our conversation. Would definitely go back to try more of the food. Perhaps one of the outdoor tables would be more my speed. Check it out!!I've had dinner here & loved it. A group of 5 of us tried it for lunch & it was horrible... greasy mess and they then topped everything with Mayo. Ick! Please, alter your menu, make the flavors stand out, cut out the grease & mayo and it would be 100x better!One of my favorite restaurants in Puerto Rico is also called Baru, so when we were wandering down Magazine one day on a recent trip to New Orleans, when we saw this Baru, I knew we had to go inside.
The ambience was nice - we were promptly greeted by an employee that seemed to have been a bartender and a server. This place had that great combination of bright colors and dark flooring that really just instantly relaxes me and makes me feel comfortable.
We were taken to a small table, and I was quite impressed by the menu choices. My partner ordered a jerk chicken burrito, and I ordered three tacos - a fish taco complete with delicious breaded fish, a mixto which was chorizo, chicken, and some veggies, and my favorite, the langostino, which was basically a light shrimp remoulade and some avocado.
To be upfront, fish tacos would be my last meal were I ever on death row, so what I'm about to say is shocking, shocking I tell you.
The langostino taco was by far the best taco that I have ever had. I have sampled many, many tacos from many, many Latin countries. I have had tongue tacos, tacos made of termites (in Belize) and a wide variety of mystery meats. (Don't judge!)
The langostino taco, though, was outstanding. The shrimp was prepared just delightfully, and the creamy-ish sauce? dressing? we'll stick with sauce - was unique, and not so overbearing that the shrimp ceased being the star of the show.
I washed the tacos down with some mango drink - honestly, I know that I loved it, but I was in taco heaven and the drink was just a pleasant side note.
Service gets five full stars - because we sat next to the bar/prep area, and we were one of two tables, the waiter/bartender was making conversation with us while he was preparing our drinks and bringing our food out. It was all very casual, and quite comfortable.
Baru was a really solid lunch experience, and a nice change from the "wait in line for half an hour" kind of experience you'll have a little further east on Magazine.I came here with a friend who said this place was known for the sangria. I don't find any sangria to be all that special and this was no different. We asked to be seated outside and our table was off to the side sandwiched between a couple of stacks of chairs. The waiter was very nice and while we had no plans to order any food, he walked us through the entire menu and was very excited about how great the food was so we decided to try it out. We ordered the fried oysters, which were excellent! We also had the arepas and lamb sliders, which were okay but a little underwhelming. Overall, 2 drinks and 3 appetizers came to $46, which is high and that was with the $5 sangria happy hour special. I wouldn't return.Baru was my one and only food stop during my 12 mile walking journey from Uptown to the French Quarter.  
I really needed to use the restroom but felt bad about just going in to use the potty, so I got a table outside and ordered an iced tea and ceviche.  YUM! I'm glad my bladder made me stop because the ceviche was delicious.  It had large chunks Gulf fish, aji amarillo, cilantro, pickled onions, camote,  choclo and a side of tortilla chips. Holy camoly GET THIS! 
FYI - Clean restroom too!Food was excellent! Mojitos not what we like but sangria was really good. We are glad we decided to eat here on our last night in NOLA.We had a reception for a friend's wedding here last Friday and Johnathan (plus all of the staff) were fantastic.
I came up from Boston and was in a bit of a conundrum:  It was 4,000 degrees and I had 3 gallons of snoballs from Hansen's to stash during dinner.
In spite of the busy night, Johnathan personally ensured the tubs of glory remained ice cold delicious and the servers even brought out all the utensils a gal could ask for.  I know it seems like so little but the staff at Baru helped make the night so memorable.
Thanks to Baru and, word to the wise, order the tuna tar tar - you will see Jesus in your wineglass it is that delicious.We were impressed with the cocktails menu and the selection. 
Food was good. Great location.What DIDN'T I like at Baru?  This was my favorite restaurant of the ones I went to during my visit to New Orleans.  The place is really small, cozy, romantic and best of all, it's BYOB!  The server was super friendly, too.
We ordered two ceviches, fried oysters, mazorca and the empanadas.   The ceviche was very fresh and it had a subtle taste of something different that I couldn't quite put my finger on. The fried oysters had caramelized onions on it that made it delish.  Mazorca- how could you not love corn cheesy goodness? 
All in all, I would definitely go back to Baru during my next visit to NOLA!I wouldn't recommend. I had a waitress that didn't how to explain or describe anything on the menu. I got a well done meat instead of medium well. Food was expensive relative to the portions. There is only one bathroom for men and women and it's absolutely disgusting. I ate carribean food in other places, but Baru is probably the worst experience by far. Apparently, they won some awards for their food. I thought that the food was a bit overrated.One of the best meals I had while recently in New Orleans. 
Ordered the Ceviche, Mazorca, Quinoa Salad and 1 fish taco- everything was delicious and the presentation was gorgeous. My friends and I sat on the patio, drinking mojitos and people watching. A very enjoyable experience. Highly recommended and will definitely be back on my next trip!stopped by this restaurant at a funky time - just before a little midday siesta when the kitchen, i suppose, closes for a bit. not disappointed at all .. drinks were as delicious as they were beautiful and our server was very sweet (i had a caipirinha and my partner had a run and cola variation. divine).
got very emotional over the mazorca... probably my favorite meal consumed over my entire week in new orleans (visiting from outta town). i didn't know you were supposed to share tapas, so that was really unfortunate for my partner because i slammed the whole thing (it's not huuuuge, okay?) and even picked up the little potato strings and corn bits that were sprinkled on the table (messy eater). i tried recreating this when i got home and it didn't work (can't cook) ... but please understand that it's the most satisfying amount of potato strings with the faintest touch of pink sauce and perfect crunch of toasted corn snuggled together in a tiny bowl with the saolaolo cheese (bad at spanish).
drinks: bomb. mazorca: the only dish to be served at my future wedding. but not tapas style, just like ... a tub of it. 
thanks, guys :)My wife, kids and I attempted to dine here on a Sunday morning.  They had a sign outside advertising a Sunday Brunch, so we assumed they would be prepared to receive customers.  When walking in the waiter offered us an inside or outside table which was fine, even though it was already 99 degress outside.  We sat down and waited, but were not waited upon.  After about five minutes with two waiters staring out the window directly at us, I decided to grab my own menus.  We were brought water but no one asked if we would like anything else.  After another ten minutes (and against my better judgement) I decided to call over the waiter who was five feet away doing nothing and ASK to have my order taken.  We order three dishes on their very short menu quickly and without issue.  We then wait for another THIRTY minutes without a drink order being taken and being told twice the order was coming out shortly.  It may have come but I did not have the time or patience to wait around for it.  The food here may be good, but I will never know due to the worst service I have witnessed in a long, long time!This place never disappoints for a date night. The drinks are delicious, all the tapas are so good and you get such a variety. This is one of the few places in town where you can find a collection of cachaça, the brazilian alcohol is definitely one of my favorite. The pan de bono is to die for and there are different meats in each tapa. I only get tapas when I go since I like the idea of trying a bit of everything. Service is awesome and once again all the drinks are so tasty. It is definitely more on the expensive side but it may just be perfect for your night. This last time we got to sit in the balcony and we loved the view.Wonderful small whole on a corner. Food was terrific. Cheviche is to die for. The oyster was delicious. Love that sauce they put on it. The fish was wonderful tender n fried to perfection. I'm not feeling the rice that accompany with it. It's me. Bcz I'm not fan of coconut. Sever was sweet and honest. I tend to eat with my eyes. So she talked us out over doing.This place is BYOB, which is great if you have a big party and everyone contributes. Who wouldn't love the idea of bottles waiting to be popped at the table?
It is very romantic and the chef is excellent!Great unique selection of tacos. Impressive South American beer selection. Great ceviche. This is a simple, but extremely effective Latin restaurant. I'd compare it to the Rum House, but, in my opinion, slightly better.As someone with gluten and dairy allergies, it is very rare that I can go to a restaurant and have multiple options for what I can order. Not only was our waitress super knowledgeable about what was gluten & dairy free (with and without modifications), almost everything on the menu was an option for me. We ended up ordering the ceviche, steak skewers, arepas, and the jerk chicken with brussels sprouts. It was all incredible - we will definitely be back to try out more!Absolutely delicious!
We were walking down the street in search of something good for dinner and we smelled Baru a block away. We quickly got seated in its cozy interior and looked over the menu. Everything sounded wonderful!
I got the mazorca and the skirt steak and it was absolutely phenomenal. I also had a fresh strawberry spritzer that was heavenly. Everyone in my party was more than delighted with their meals.
I will definitely be back the next time I'm in New Orleans.I really enjoyed the rabbit dish and tuna tar tar but my boy friend was not a fan of the tar tar said it had to much coconut which it did but i still thought it was decentIf you can score a table on the upper deck with great  weather this is just a fun spot. Must haves are the corn tapas and pork sliders.  Skip the shrimp and the steak skewers were tough   Julie was great and made solid recommendations. We tried all the cooked tapasFood is 5 star.  The tapas are uniformly strong.  I am a particular fan of their ceviche, duck empenadas, and the random corn chip and roasted corn dish.  I generally try to sit outside and find the atmosphere to be excellent.  While I love byob - I think the $8 corkage is a little steep given the lack of liquor license.  Also, the place is pricey - the cost of tapas adds up fast.We liked but did not love this restaurant for one reason. We were placed - - party of two - in a room by ourselves. It did not feel warm and welcoming and we were left waiting alone for an uncomfortable period of time. It sure looked like everyone else was having a good time, but we felt pretty isolated except for the servers constantly dashing through our room to get from the front to the upstairs. It just had a bad feel, so even though the food was very good, we would not go back.My wife is from Cartagena, Colombia and I'm from Los Angeles. We lived in Louisiana for about a year and Baru is definitely the thing that we miss the most! It's one of the best restaurants that I've been too, everything is delicious, the flavors and combinations of flavors are very sophisticated. My wife loves the fried fish plate, I love the jerk chicken (best chicken plate I've every had, never tasted a chicken breast with so much flavor), the arepas (unbelievable with the carnitas on top) the chuzo with the chimichurri. This place is amazing! Love the food! If we were in New Orleans even for a few hours we would definitely hit this place up!One of the best lunches i have had in New Orleans. The freshest seafood carribean style. If you love fresh food with flavor at a great price, this is a must.I heart Baru, I've been here a few times before and I have enjoyed everything that I have ordered. The meat pies with the cilantro sauce, the roasted red peppers, their entrees are also very filling and delicious.
Being a non-drinker, I really enjoy their spritzers they're absolutely delicious!!One of my absolutely favoritest places to bring out of towners, especially if we can score an outdoor table.  My little secret for you on a busy night: I like to call first and put my name on the waitlist before showing up - it really speeds up the wait time and the staff has always been so accommodating with that strategy. 
They have a full bar now but I still like to bring a bottle of my own wine bc their corking fee is very reasonable (although for the life of me I can't remember what it is). 
The whole fried fish with coconut rice is just bommbbb. It's a great meal to share for 2 or if you're a manly man, you can definitely take on the whole beast on your own.  Everything I've had on the menu has been satisfying, both in presentation and in flavor. 
A very cute and cozy and romantic date spot. Highly recommend!Very disappointing and pricey.  I went to Baru with high hopes and I was pretty disappointed.  My partner and I ordered 3 tapas: the mazorca, the ceviche, and the calamari, all on our server's recommendation. The mazorca (a kind of corn salad) was tasty but totally seemed like something I would throw together while drunk (corn, feta cheese, mayo, and crushed potato chips). The ceviche was very bland and  the calamari was heavy, very chewy and as salty as a snack food.  The tapas are 8-10 bucks a plate and I thought the portions were tiny.  
As an entree we split the fried fish of the day which was the highlight. 
For a place that is BYOB, our meal was still $90 bucks.  Also we sat outside, which means about 3 feet from Magazine Street, so it was noisy.
Overall, I thought the food was overpriced and needed some more attention.  For $90 (without wine) there are a lot of places in New Orleans where you could have an amazing meal, not a mediocre one.Yummy! Great Food and Andres our server was sooooo patient!We starved ourselves all day and ordered heavy :) Each dish was better than the last. But the octopus change my life and the other women agreed. Baru is a new all-time favorite.Literally the best food we have had in a long time. Jerk chicken burrito and the lamburgesa was the BESTBaru has a relaxed atmosphere serving caribean-inspired tapas that have more pizzaz than the typical spanish tapas.  The use of citrus, herbs make the civics and tapas dance  that salsa, marimba, or calypso on your tongue.  You have to go to a bar in a restaurant across the street for alcohol, but Baru has some refreshing non-alchoholic drinks that compliment their menu.  It is cool and comfortable inside.   The outside seating is a thrill as cars and buses pass within inches of your table, enabling you to view the incredible life you have had over and over again.  This is a great place to go for a light lunch or dinner, a chance to cleanse your palate in a city where heavy food predominates.If you are looking for a fun date night this is a good choice; especially with more than one couple.  There are options for Tapas or Entrees (which makes both the women and men happy).  I had the Arepas which is a pulled pork cornmeal small sandwiches; not enough food for a meal, but very tasty.  I also had the Atun Salad which was extremely fresh and good recommendation by the waitress.
Get the Mazorca!!!!  The description on the menu does not do this justice.  My poor friend ordered this dish and was forced to share with the whole table because it smelled and tasted delicious.
My favorite attribute is BYOB.  They do provide chilling buckets for the hot nights when red wine is just not an option.Food is great and a really nice place to grab a drink as well. Love the tapas and craft drinks are great. It has a patio so its a great place to go and soak up magazine street.Small plates... tapas... however you wish to call it- I love them! I think it's because I can be incredibly indecisive when it comes to ordering. In addition, with portion sizes being what they are these days, I end up eating half an entree and bagging the rest... which I inevitably leave on the table (9 times out of 10. Seriously). So, think of all the waste going on there: food, to-go containers and money. 
Sometimes one might be prone to going overboard and order way too many tapas but that's when your dining partner comes in handy. It's a beautiful concept (thank you, Spain!) and one that lends itself well to a meal shared with a friend (wine, of course, only adds to the experience. Bring your own at Baru).
I had the opportunity this week to finally check out this place for a lunch meeting. There are many tempting things for vegetarians and meat lovin' folks alike on the menu. My dining companions had these incredible looking sandwiches, the Cubano being especially delish looking. I stuck to one of my favorite things: a quinoa salad. It's masterfully prepared here, with grapes, soy nuts and other veggies mixed in, topped with several pieces of fried goat cheese and fresh greens. This is the perfect option for a light lunch, but I admit it was my first meal of the day and I left still hungry. Next time I'll know to order a tapas or two along with it. 
I'm a fan and look forward to returning for another lunch or dinner with some vino.Love it.
Small but great creative menu.  We had ceviche, a mushroom tapas, and a shrimp taco. All were excellent. Good service, decent prices, cute decor... if only they had sangria...it might have been 5 stars.Original review was not very good but after the professionalism shown by the managers and their eagerness to resolve the situation, we are retracting our first review. 
We are no longer living in New Orleans but I would give them a second chance if I could.The place is UNBELIEVABLE! I recently went with a group of friends on a stormy night and we had the BEST time! The food was delicious and the staff was so fun!Stopped in for lunch.  Place was empty but filled up as we ate.  Decent service but a bit slow.   Had the oysters tapas, fried nicely. Tacos were excellent.  We tried them all. Best was the steak followed by the fish.  Also tried an arepa which was good as well.  
Nice assortment of flavors, good portion without being heavy.This little restaurant never disappoints. Consistently great imaginative menu!!! Always on my "to do" list when visiting NOLA.Service was good, food was great! We had the lamb sliders, grilled steak skewers, raw oysters, and pulled pork arepas. Everything was delicious... Definitely recommend.I'm not usually driven to review on Yelp, but my recent meals at Baru have been so outstanding, that I just had to give them a little praise. Baru has always been a consistently great restaurant - I've never been disappointed by any meal I've had there. However, in the past month I've eaten there twice and it has gone from being great to being over-the-top, mind-blowingly stellar. 
The oysters have always been one of my favorites here, and are definitely not to be missed. A few of my more recent favorites include the mazorca (I don't know what that pink sauce is, but it's divine), the ceviche (best ceviche I've ever had ever) and the coconut cauliflower cous cous, which sounds a bit odd, but was fantastic. I've truly never had any dish here that wasn't delicious - it's very hard to go wrong with food this incredible.
The tapas portions are really large, especially compared to other tapas/small plates restaurants I've been to. Plus with the whole BYOB thing, it really makes for a wonderfully affordable evening. 
Their service is also great - we had a large group the other night for my birthday, and they couldn't have been more helpful and attentive. I'm not sure when that back room opened, but it makes it so much more group-friendly, which is always a plus!
I truly think it's one of the city's most underrated, truly extraordinary restaurants. And I plan on eating there at the very least once a month for now until basically forever. So, there's that.We are coming here a lot in the future!  I was surprised with the quantity of the tapas; I ordered two for lunch, and one would have been enough.  Cocktails were wonderful; so fresh and flavorful.  Several kinds of mojitoes; this bears further investigation!  Sitting outside was a pleasure on this lovely day!We made a reservation for Baru on Opentable in advance of our trip to New Orleans. Upon arrival, we were taken upstairs, where we saw seats at a small bar, so we chose to sit there. The food and service were both excellent.
We enjoyed 4 crudos/tapas plus a dessert and it was plenty of food for 2 people. The pulled pork arepas were tender and plentiful, the tuna tartare was made with pecans which added a nice crunch to the texture, the shrimp were well flavored with garlic and chili, and the grilled skirt steak skewers were phenomenal dipped in the chimichurri sauce. The cake part of the tres leches cake we had for dessert was good - nicely spongy and syrupy - though I prefer the topping to be more like whipped cream than marshmallow cream. And my cocktail - a paloma - was a bit heavy on the agave and oddly (though creatively) served with a grapefruit slice the diameter of the glass in the middle, which introduced an unusual barrier to drinking the beverage. Still, it was nice to sit at the bar and chat with the bartender and watch soccer on TV.Best margaritas in NOLA !!  Love this place!  I tried the ceviche and it's so fresh.  The service is always friendly and welcoming.Awesome tapas and drinks . Great service and friendly atmosphere! We had the Chuzos- melt in your mouth skirt steakWalking down Magazine Street looking for some food and everywhere either had an extremely long wait, wasn't open or didn't have anything veggie friendly. We stumbled upon Baru and our eyes immediately widened. So many options for me!
We took a seat at a table outside and had the kindess waitress.
I had the Coconut cauliflower couscous which was outstanding. So many different flavors and good textures. I enjoyed every single bite. My mom had a steak sandwich or something. She said the flavors and everything were amazing but it was really challenging to eat and she preferred it to be a salad not a sandwich. She ended up taking it all apart and removing the bread cause it was too difficult.
Overall, nice people. Delicious food and just a great spot.
I can't wait to return when I'm in NOLA for Jazzfest 2013.Delicious. 
Again if you are planning to dine out on Magazine Street on a weekend evening, make a reservation or plan ahead!Really enjoyed this Tapa Bar located on Magazine Street. The Drum marinated in lime was tender and fresh, as were the fried oysters. The small bite grilled steak on a skewer was cooked beautifully and was juicy. The owner checked in with us and is very engaged in making certain that the guests were happy. The staff was well trained, pleasant and thorough. Downstairs main dining room with a bar and additional dining up.Great, great, great!!!!!  All the food was outstanding. The crab cakes were my favorite!  Service was outstanding and took the time with us to explain the foods and offered great recommendations!  The only bummer was the chef was not in for us to meet him but this isn't a negative.  His sous chef did a fantastic job!!I am not typically a 5 star teller bit I've been fortunate enough to hit up a few incredible places this week and Baru is one of them. 
I got great service and my food was amazing.
I had the Churrasco which is grilled steak, asparagus and fries with a chimichurri sauce. It was cooked perfectly and the balance of flavors were spot on.
Ill be back.I have lived in New orleans for 6 years now and despite my love for cajun/creole food... Baru is my favorite restaurant! (or at least in the top 3)! Everything is delicious especially the mazorca and ceviche! I am going tonight for my anniversary and am way to excited to sit in my office! LOVE YOU!The food at Baru is amazing. I've only eaten tapas here but everything was heavenly. 
The atmosphere is great, probably one of the most visually pleasing restaurants in New Orleans. I love anywhere with good outdoor dining. 
Try the mazorca and/or the ahi tuna, no disappointments there. Also they just added a few more dishes to the menu, the ostras tapa is an exciting take on traditional fried oysters.Nice place and real latin food blended with a New Orleans style kudos to the cheff from a fellow Venezuelan!!What a lovely little find! We were in the strange 'early for dinner, late for lunch' time when we stumbled upon this fabulous restaurant. Christina our server/bartender was perfectly attentive, the ambience is simple yet interesting, and the food spectacular! 
Try the ceviche. And the pork belly. And then the beet salad. Then perhaps more ceviche. And it doesn't hurt to have a pisco sour to accompany the foodCeviche was out of this world. Spicy, salty, yet incredibly refreshing on a summer day in NOLA. Get it.What a gem! This is a great fusion of tapas and various South American dishes. My Peruvian best friend was so impressed... Said it was just like home. I'm definitely going back soon!! Ceviche was perfect as were the Pisco Sours.I don't typically give out many 5 stars but  I've been fortunate enough to hit up a few incredible places this week and Baru is one of them. 
I got great service and my food was amazing.
I had the Churrasco which is grilled steak, asparagus and fries with a chimichurri sauce. It was cooked perfectly and the balance of flavors were spot on.
Ill be back.This was my 
friend and I's first time going there. Also pet friendly to sit outside out front under the shade on magazine which was a win because we had my dog with us. Went for lunch, We ordered drinks my friend ordered the Sangria which was delicious and I ordered the Pineapple Mojito which was good, but preferred the Sangria for the next time :)  I ordered the Tacos, Carne Asada (Skirt Steak) and Langostino (Shrimp) both were amazing. I have to say it was the best Shrimp Taco I've ever had, reason being was you actually tasted the favor of the shrimp and wasn't over powered with spices. Next time I'll have 2. :) My GF ordered Arepas, Carne Desmechada, Flank Steak and that was also delicious. We ordered the Flan for dessert, that also was amazing and loved added touch of the peaches with it. Our waitress was so sweet and attentive. I will definitely return for lunch and dinner.I give three stars because the food was tasty.
I take two stars because the service was subpar and the table was wobbly causing my wife to burn herself when her coffee spilled.
We yelped this place before coming here. She always suggest to yelp new places.
We went there like around 1:30 during lunch. We wanted to eat something different. The place is small since this is a Bistro. The noise level is high since there was a lot of people. Our waiter seemed to be a bit overwhelmed with the amount of people. He briefly explained the menu and took our drink order. I ordered a Pepito, a tasty steak sandwich with a fried egg and fries. The fries were crispy, fresh and tasty. 
She ordered a chicken and avocado arepa. The arepa din't look like a traditional Colombian or Venezuelan arepa. This was more like a sandwich with two tortillas instead of bread... It was cold when it arrived.
So our waiter brought her arepa first and then after 5min another waiter brought my sandwich. We had also ordered crab cakes. They never arrived until the other waiter removed our plates and asked if we needed anything else. We told him about the crab cakes, he went and got them for us. 
The crab cakes were delicious. It was truly crab meat, not that artificial stuff they sell in the store.
So, in summary, this is a small place with tasty food. During peak hours it can be difficult to have a conversation without talking aloud. The service is not terrible, but it clearly seems that they may need an additional body during the rush hour.Great food; great atmosphere.  My recommendations: arepas, ceviche, skirt steak... and of course Sangria!
I'm a super picky eater and I thoroughly enjoyed everything I ordered.The drinks, music, and food feels very authentic. Great place to end the week.Went in later in the day and received great drinks and service. The balcony is one of Baru's assets, as you get to peak down at the foot traffic in Magazine street.Loved this place. I went with a small group and we ordered almost everything on the menu for sharing. We loved everything we ate and we all wanted seconds. The food and the cocktails we were excellent.Baru's been on my list of places that I must eat in New Orleans for a while now and I finally decided to go here the other night with my lady friend.  We were actually on our way to Magasin Cafe, but the line was ridiculous when we drove by and I decided to continue to Baru.
We were originally thinking of getting one entree and some tapas, but we ended up ordering five tapas, on the condition that one of them has to be pulled pork (Arepas con lechon). Unfortunately when our orders came, they had mistakenly given us the steak (Chuzos de carne) instead of the lechon. It was the last dish to hit our table and we were already getting full so we eventually gave in, didn't tell them that they had given us the wrong dish, and just ate it. Although the steak was cooked well, it was slightly on the salty side and the chimichurri sauce could be slightly improved.
Other tapas that we had ordered were the Mazorca (delicious!), Guacabello (buttery but good according to my lady friend, I had along the line acquired a taste aversion to avocado after a bad incident so near the end of my piece, it just started to get to me, but I still found it tasty), Empanadas de Caraota (Yum, I love my empanadas), and Pao de Queijo (Good after the first two balls, but the third ball started to remind me of eating cheese crackers. It was probably because the cheese was stiffening so the flavor was slightly changing).
Overall I would rate the food as good, we had finished every bite. The servers were nice. I also like the atmosphere in the restaurant, although it was a bit loud and hard to hear the other person, and they could have turned the A/C down just a tad.  I was a bit disappointed that we didn't get our pork.  I will definitely come back and try their other dishes!Meh... Not very accommodating, rushed through the meal as it was toward the end of the night, but nowhere near egregiously late. Can see why we were one of the few tables in there...Baru is an amazingly great restaurant. I have tried many things from the menu and they are all really good. The fried red snapper wt slaw, green plantains and coconut rice. Amazing! The roasted corn was great also. Steak tapas with chimichuri (green sauce), perfection. Cheesy bread also was really good. I've been here 3 times and I've never made it to dessert, maybe next time. The tapas are just too good. The food here is a bit pricey but well worth it. I highly recommend this place.My fiance and I made a last-minute trip to Baru on Friday night, around 8pm. We had to wait around 15 minutes on the chairs outside for a table, but the host gave us a bottle opener & some glasses so we could crack open the red we had with us straight away! 
When we got inside I liked the atmosphere and decor, i like it dark & warm, luckily! 
We went for the tapas option and shared 3 dishes between 2 of us. The Empanadas & Arepas were delicious & well presented. The cheese plate was underwhelming - 3 generous portions of cheese (gouda, blue and something else tasty), but only a tiny slice of bread each, a couple of 1/2 grapes, and a load of olives. The cheese plate at Atchafalaya is the same price and much more special - their fig jam & fresh bread really makes it for us. 
We ended up paying about $50, which seemed a lot for 3 tapas options! That $8 corkage fee really sucks, especially since we started our wine out on the street, after just being handed an opener! 
Really nice staff, great empanadas, sophisticated but relaxed atmosphere. Would be 4*s if it weren't for that corkage feeFood was seriously amazing and service was awesome! If we lived closer we'd be here all the time!Went here for the first time last night and loved it! The mojitos are GREAT! I got a mango one and a blueberry one - liked the blueberry one better. They were $9 though which is a little pricey for me. (Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5).
A friend and I split the Patacones, Ostras and Chuzos  - all of which were delicious. The Ostras were my favorite and very good in terms of any fried oyster I've ever had. Topped with a sauce that's great and carmelized onions, definitely something I'll get again. The sauce that came with the Chuzos was great as well. Definitely like to go back and try other tapas as well as entree items.Delicious tapas. Good flavors and felt full without being stuffed. We sat outside and enjoyed the street. Good service also!Delicious food, beautiful atmosphere. This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat on magazine street. I go a couple times a month at least. Great to go with friends, for lunch, dinner, or on a date. Everything on the menu is great, you can't go wrong. And rooftop balcony seating is perfect for warm pretty evenings. Baru is definitely a must go!!Superb quality and flavor of food in a great location. Service was excellent - fish tacos were fresh hot and with plenty of flavor. Cubano Sandwich filled and satisfied a sixteen year old young man. Repair Vieja was very tasty and fresh - Quattro leche was a great finishing touch.My husband and I were so fortunate to stay at the Airbnb of a food writer while we were in New Orleans.  Since we were staying nearby, she recommended Baru. We were not disappointed.  It was delicious.  Loved the food and the service.  We had the seafood ceviche appetizer which was fresh and scrumptious. For our main course we had the whole fish....wow. Amazing. And we enjoyed our drinks as well....great bartender!  If you visit New Orleans and you want to get out of the French Quarter, check out this little place on Magazine Street for a delicious change of pace.Loved it!!! The ceviche was my favorite. Great atmosphere... Sweet, simple, and romantic.What a wonderful dining experience in NOLA!  My party of 4 arrived at BARU during the Sat. night dinner rush but were immediately greeted and seated.  We proceeded to dine on a feast of fresh fish, ceviche and delicious skewers.  Chef Edgar Caro, whose skill set is way beyond his years, is in plain view, mixing drinks and making everyone feel at home.  Even though you're eating quintessentially Colombian food (Baru is an island near Caro's hometown of Cartagena), the wooden tables, abundance of seafood, and easygoing atmosphere make this restaurant a perfect fit for New Orleans.  My husband and I live in New York, and have high dining standards.  Baru was our best meal in New Orleans, and we can't wait to come back.  Our server Leo was also wonderful and made sure we were all taken care of.    And the music will have you swaying in your seat.I have been in baru twice and am only writing to express my unhappiness at being denied service. My first experience at baru was excellent. The food was truly wonderful as was the service. On the second occasion. I arrived at baru on a Saturday night at 10:01 with my husband.The sign outside does not have a closing time. The restaurant was at least two thirds full. I asked to be seated but a waitress informed me that I could not be served because the restaurant usually closes b/n 10:00 and 11:00, but since it was a slow night, they would not serve me at 10:01. I found this completely unacceptable and even the other restaurant patrons were shocked that they refused our business. If they were slow, you would think they'd want our business!I had Baru on my list for a while and I finally made it over for a colleague's birthday dinner. I ordered a mango mojito but ended up getting a blackberry mojito by accident and decided to try it, and it was actually better than the mango (I did get the mango for my second drink).
We ordered a bunch of the small plates and shared everything. Some of my favorites were the lamb sliders, grilled skirt steak, and crabcakes. I was really excited about the chicken wings, but they were a tad bit too sweet for my taste. We also got a couple of larger items. I think we had jerk chicken and churrasco. Can't remember if there was a third one. The steak was delicious. Chicken was also good, although the Jamaican colleague among us said that he wouldn't really consider it jerk.
I had really enjoyed the meal up until this point, but what really sealed the deal for me was the dessert. We ordered three desserts to share: flan, cuatro leches, and chocolate tort. I loved all three of them. The chocolate tort was very rich--just how I like it. The flan had the perfect consistency, and the cuatro leches was awesome in its spongy, moist goodness.
What a great meal.Well......There isn't really much to add to these reviews . 
Baru bistro is an incredible experience!
We were wowed by the Grand marnier margaritas also the churrasco steak is definitely a must !
It's was an easy choice for dessert, the tres leche with strawberry sauce  was just amazing.
 Can't wait to visit this place again !I think I would only come here if I was not super hungry or had lots of time to kill. The BF and I went here on a Saturday afternoon  to enjoy the nice weather. Service was slow even though there were so many staff members running around. My server took a while to even come over, while the other table that came in a few minutes after us got their drink orders and menu. (We should have asked for that guy to serve us instead!) Our server kinda disappeared after bringing us our Ceviche. Then another girl brought out my BF's meal, which was the pulled Pork Arepas.
 I patiently waited for my food to come out, but it never did. I just gave up since, it had already been about 20-25 minutes already. I just decided to finish my drink instead. Another server came over and introduced her self. I think the other server left. 
The BF finished his food and the server just asked if we were done. When the check arrived, the food that was not brought out was on there. The server spoke to a few people and offered to bring out "my oysters and plantains that just came out of the kitchen", but we just opted to just take it off the bill since the food was so late. She apologized, but it wasn't her fault. It was the other girl's. Anyways, I am finished with this rant...On to the food...
Well, The food that we received was pretty good. We tried the Ceviche and the Pulled pork Arepas. I ordered the Fried Oysters and fried plantains but never got it--According to the pictures on YELP..It looked pretty good. Maybe one day when I have 3 hours to kill, I will come back to try the other stuff. 
My mango Mojito was very good though :)For me, there are lunch places and there are dinner places.  I went for lunch on a weekday (so I can't personally vouch for dinner) and found this place to be the perfect place for lunch.  The atmosphere was casual and the service was fast.  
The food was comforting. I had the jerk chicken burrito with fries. 
 I was particularly happy that they had Latin American and Spanish beers you wouldn't normally find on a drink menu.
 So much thought went into the burrito that I wish there was some kind of special seasoning on the fries.  Or a cool sauce to dunk 'em in.  
I love that there's something different on Magazine St.It's difficult to pass by Baru on a warm day (high 70s on Christmas Eve in our case) and not be lured to an outdoor table by the sight of refreshing mojito or caipirinha for a quick pick me up. The 'ostras' are a must. In a city full of oysters, I really didn't expect to be so pleasantly surprised with the best fried oysters I've had...at a Latin Caribbean bistro! A caramelized onion jam of sorts and aioli top what I like to refer to as the sophisticated and adult chicken nugget...a fried oyster. We sampled a couple tacos, which were good, but less memorable than the ostras.Food is amazing.  Love the BYOB option.  Excellent place.  Will be a staple for us!Very good fish tacos and homemade tortillas. Plantains were my wife's favorite. Staff friendly and helpful.I had lunch with my director of HR on my last visit to NOLA.  He is a self proclaimed foodie, so I had to trust his judgement, and I am glad I did.  I really enjoy tapas style because you get a variety of flavors and food.  Welldone!!!Incredible. Their Caipirinhas are great. Try their steak (rare AF) and Tuna Tartare.wow, this place is great. tapas are unique and delicious. a la cart tacos were on point. small place, great service and friendly staff. 
flan, over and over again
would definitely recommend.the Skinny:  Baru has the mix of strong and delicate flavors you come to expect with great tapas.  excellent, excellent atmosphere with warm lighting and pleasant decor.  the place is BYOB and easily bests other tapas restaurants I've patronized while charging only a portion of the price.  This place is a 'hidden' gem right there on Magazine Street.Baru is a BYOB tapas restaurant. Warning though, they charge an $8 corkage fee for your wine.
I have been to Baru several times, and I think it is a nice place for a date or a girls night. Definitely not a good place for a large party, as seating is limited. There are a few tables outside, which are nice for the rare NOLA night when it is pleasant outside.
Now for the food - I get the mazorca everytime I am there. It is a potato corn mix, and it is delicious. Other favorites are the calamari, and the guacabello. The only dish I was not a huge fan of was the tartare - it comes with coconut oil, and I felt that just made it too greasy.
Overall, great atmosphere, decent service, a little expensive for the portion sizes. Recommended for a nice night out, and as something different from the usual New Orleans-y restaurants.We decided to drop by one night for dinner since we always passed Baru and it looked so cute from the outside.
Yes, very cute place.  But it's extremely small.  I felt a bit uncomfortable sitting so close to the next table.  
Tapas style serviings: I generally love Tapas! It's enough to try a bit of everything as opposed to being served mounds of food (which literally makes me feel qweezy at the sight of that)
Sad to say that I wasn't impressed with anything.  Uninspired dishes that left me pretty much unsatisfied and wanting more (more of something else not what I ordered!)
Menu items included: ceviche, some corn they topped with potato sticks, pork belly dishes..etc..I can't even remember the exact names
BYOB: Haven't decided whether this is a YAY or NAY for me.  Definitely love the BYOB aspect if I had a very special bottle of wine I wanted to share with amazing food.  But I would be pretty upset if I bought my oh so cherished 2006 Cakebread Cabernet Sauvignon and they served me that type of food! it would be a waste!
I don't think we'll be back...We went here on the advise of a local shop keeper... I could go back and kiss her. The food is amazing. The ceviche was fabulous and I adored the mazorca (can a girl get a recipe?). The Pisco sours were pricey but worth it, best we have had outside of our Peruvian friends home. If we lived in New Orleans we would be here weekly.Went for Happy Hour and really loved the $5 tapas! Best thing I've eaten this trip. We can't wit to go back again! Great, friendly, very casual place.This was probably one of the worst restaurant experiences in our great city! Waitress was cute and nice, but all three courses for four came out together except for two items that did not arrive. When we asked our server, she went and got one, but it was cold as could be. The other item never arrived! Food was ok, but total experience was not!
We all agreed that after a couple of try's, we were not coming back again. Too many much better options all over the city!!Tapas is a simple concept yet it gets fucked up on a regular basis.  Baru does it right without any frills or pretentiousness.  The ingredients are simple and delicious in the exquisite combinations produced here.  Go with a great appetite because even after you've had some tapas you may want some of their fantastic desserts or even an entree before that.  They still are BYOB, but have recently added some cocktails and beers to their available beverages.  Its all a big win here.  Go hit it up!Wonderful neighborhood place to grab a fresh, non-soul food bite to eat. The tuna tartare salad was devine--such a nice respite from all the fried po'boy food I had while in Nola. And all the tapas were delicious. They came in 3's, which was convenient for our party of 3. Like most tapas, places, the prices added up and the night wasn't cheap, but it sure was tasty. Also, they don't currently have a liquor license (supposedly getting a new one), so it's BYOB, with an annoying $8 corkage fee (annoying only because they don't serve any alcohol, so you really have no choice if you want wine.) Bring your own beer or liquor to avoid that charge :)I can't believe I haven't written a review for this wonderful restaurant.  I have eaten here well over fifteen times and I keep going back for more.  I went for the first time a couple of years ago and have been hooked ever since. 
They don't have a liquor license so make sure that you bring a bottle of wine and the last time I was in there (two weeks or less ago) I don't remember seeing a corkage charge on my bill.
Food is excellent with some really good quality spanish tapas on the front and some main entrees on the back.  They recently put together a new menu with some new items on it -which is a nice change.  THOUGH, they got rid of my favorite dish, the pork shoulder, probably was in my top three favorite dishes in NOLA, totally lame!  I should deduct a star just for that.  
One of my favorite restaurants in the city and I will continue dine and to bring friends there.  You won't be disappointed.The food was cold, unflavorful, just horrible. Our service was even worse. Our cocktails weren't even half a shot, a glass of wine was less than half a glass. We will never go back. We will not recommend Baru to anybody!!I love Baru! I love it even more that i now work close by. They don't offer delivery but are often kind enough to walk my order to me anyway. :) 
Every time I eat here the service, food, and presentation are fantastic. I love that I (a steak girl) can have dinner here with my Vegetarian friends without feeling guilty. There are options for everyone at Baru!
They make these wonderful fresh-fruit spritzers! It's byob, so consider bringing some mango rum for those! :)Interesting menu and everything we tried was delicious.  Also interesting that the two boys next to us ordered and received the Paloma to drink. We were told they were out of that cocktail. They had two each and ordered after we did. Very oddSkirt steak & the whole fish is delish!!!  LuV that place so.  Next time I'm in town, a "must go"‼I have been eyeing this place up like a dog eyes a fire hydrant. I finally made it there one warm breezy Friday for lunch, and I was not disappointed. But I should start out by saying I'm not really a tapas guy. I always feel unsatisfied even if I eat a bunch of plates and am stuffed to the earlobes. It always seems like I didn't get to enjoy  the bites because I guess I need quantity to truly appreciate. Call me a slow learner. Baru was the tonic for my illness because the plates are really not that small. My dining comanion and I split 2 tapas, each had a taco, and each had an entree (yeah, they have entrees!). It was way too much food. But I did manage to clean my plate. (Oink.)
First the place. It was a little dumpy, but a good dumpy, nice and bright and welcoming. The food was just as inviting. We ordered the mazorca and the arepas, fish tacos, the columbian hot dog (perro caliente) and the shrimp and grits. The mazorca was really interesting. I have never had anything like it and enjoyed it for that reason alone. But uniqueness aside, it was full of great flavors. The roasted corn and the "pink sauce" (aioli) was a great combo flavor. The canned matchstick potatoes were funky, but I don't really think they belonged on the dish. The arepas were amazing, one of the best dishes I have had in a long time. It's basically a crsipy biscuit for lack of a better word filled with black beans and rice and topped with pulled pork and pickled onions. The flavor was huge, the texture (ie, crunch) was awesome, the presentation was impressive. The fish tacos are above average as well, but they were ....fish tacos. Don't choose a taco over the arepas. (Did I say the arepas were awesome?) The hot dog was good, but the shrimp and grits better, a very different twist on a classic dish. The skirt steak looked great as well, but I didn't get to try it. Next time. 
My final kudo goes to the price--very reasonable, a great value. My only criticism is Baru has no liquor license. Whoa! I know. But you can bring your own for an $8 corkage fee. That would have left a bad taste in my mouth, but the food chased that bad taste away.On our visit the restaurant either smelled like sewer gas or urinal cake upon arrival. Not a great start. The $12 glass of rose may have been 6 oz-smallest pour I've had in a long while. Not that I'm a a heavy drinker, but when it's less than a half a glass-use a smaller glass! Food was pretty good, but thought the bread for the Cubano sliders and guava melt were a little dry. The Cubanos were my fav as was the churrasco plato. Pricey but goodMy girlfriend and I loved this place.  We knew of it by recommendation, but wandered down Magazine St after watching some of the Saints playoff game just to see what struck us.  We could not have made a better choice.  The food was fantastic and the staff was friendly.  We stuffed ourselves on the cheesy awesome Mazorca, satisfying Arepas, slightly spicy Quinoa salad, and Piscado Frito (American Snapper at the time).  The fish was gigantic and spice-crusted to perfection.  It's a small place with a casual atmosphere, but the food really shone as each dish had such an interesting blend of flavor and texture.  Maybe it was just the right place at the right time for two hungry out-of-towners, but I wouldn't hesitate to come back and bring some friends.Do yourself a favor and go try out this restaurant!! Every single item on their menu is amazing!!!Tonight was the second time I had been here.  It reminded me of why I hadn't been here since the first time 8 months ago.  In my opinion, tapas is mediocre, and if you want tapas, there is better tapas Uptown and cheaper.  I don't even know where to start except to say skirt steak was well done and  pork and bean combo was dry.  The oysters were the best. 
 BTW, someone at a table near us ordered a whole fish meal, and the smell overtook the restaurant.  It was disgusting to sit there and smell this fish.  I would have left but I was with five other people, and that wouldn't have been cool.  
Corkage fee is $12/bottle, so that's a plus.I love Baru! I have been multiple times and each time is a good as the last. The flank steak skewers with chimichurri are melt in your mouth good, the guacabella is fantastic, and the mazorca is unlike any other tapas I've had. Strangely enough, I come for the quinoa salad... Who knew quinoa could be so delicious? Love that the place is small and quiet, and love that they have a list of South American beers that I haven't seen in any restaurant since traveling in those countries! Service is attentive and efficient. Highly recommend this place.It's a peculiar location on Magazine and the seating arrangement on the ground floor is limited. Often times uncomfortable if seated inside near the bar, you will get sprinkled on with whatever they are making back there.  Apart from that, there is an upstairs, outdoor seating, and it is quite minimalistic and modern. The food is delicious, Novio and I only order tapas, no entre because it is unnecessary. We've tried all the tapas and our four favorites are: ceviche, pulled pork arepas, sliders and the crab cakes! It is relatively expensive if you order drinks with your meal, although it is worth it! We love this place and try to go on a bi monthly basis.I wanted to love this place - I've walked by for years and for one reason or another never stopped.  Tonight I stopped.   My food was good - a $5 happy hour chicken salad and avocado on fried plantain...yum....then the chuzos del entrana...also very good.  My issue was with my server, who was too busy chatting up the lady at another table to pay attention to my empty wine glass, my empty plates, to take my order for anything else.  I'm a foodie and would have liked a cocktail, but if Roddy is your server, you better hope you're his only tableAn absolute GEM! I've eaten here easily a half dozen times, for both lunch and dinner, and every single visit has been outstanding. 
The selection of drinks is fantastic -- a mixture of delicious cocktails made with fresh fruits and beers imported from central and south america. The sangria is particularly good, fruity with a little zest and not overly sweet.  
The lunch menu is a nice mix of tapas, burritos, tacos, and arepas. I think the tacos may be the only thing on the lunch menu i wasn't blown away by --- theyre a bit small and not up to par with the rest of the menu. However, the arepas are AMAZING!! The pork belly arepa.... sigh. I wish i was eating one right now. The pork melts in your mouth!! 
As for the dinner menu, GET THE OYSTER TAPA!  Fantastic. Also delicious are the steak skewers, the plantains, and the jerk chicken. 
I've always had super attentive, pleasant service at Baru, with very knowledgeable servers. And, of course, on those warm NOLA days, its lovely to grab a table outside and watch life go by on Magazine Street.My husband and I ate there on our first night in NOLA. It was so good we considered going back a second time. I had the grilled tuna and he had the jerk chicken. Both were delicious. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We were lucky enough to hit happy hour and enjoyed $5 drinks. The white sangria was delicious.I recently went to Baru for dinner on a Tuesday night with my boyfriend and his aunt, who has just come in from out of town and I must say we all had a wonderful time. Our waiter was excellent, the tapas came out one after the other and we never had to wait too long for the next dish and the food was also pretty good. The mazzorca definitely stands out, as did the arepas. We tried a little bit of everything and those were the favorites. We also brought our own bottle of wine and paid $12 for the corking fee. I didn't realize there would be a corking fee but it was cheaper than everyone getting multiple classes of wine. This was the first time going to Baru and I will be back, if only to have the mazzorca.Really delicious!  Try the lechon.  Authentic and did I say delicious??  Wait staff was super nice and the menu has several different options. My new favorite place.I gave this place two tries and it just doesn't get any better. Both times I went, the service was absurdly slow- the first time it was slow and the second time it was busy: No one pays attach to the guests either way. The drinks are over-priced and poorly made and the food is consistently disappointing. The only thing worse than the service are the too-close dumpsters next to the outdoor seating area. ALWAYS SMELLS LIKE TRASH.Amazing and patient service. We had a girls night dinner here on a Friday - ended up eating slowly and catching up for a long time. The server was awesome. Made sure we had everything we needed but we never felt rushed. On top of that the tapas are very good. I would definitely go back. When we left I asked for coffee to go before we hit the town. They were great about it. Made sure we were all set to have a fun night. Above and beyond. Thank you Baru !My memories of New Orleans always lead me back to Baru! My first visit was just a fab Pisco sour with a dear friend, reintroducing me to Magazine St after a 25+ year absence. Came back recently for Tulane graduation with family, and dropped in a few times, once to get out of the massive thunder shower and then the next day for dinner. We had many elaborate and memorable meals in New Orleans this trip, as one does, but we all came away remembering connecting with John, and his fantastic staff for, for what became one of our favorite evenings! Each item was soooo tasty, and the casual mood was fun and inviting. I'll always come back. Thanks John and Baru...see you soon, I hope!Best tapas ever!  A mixture of New Orleans Creole and Caribbean.  Skip the other tapa restaurants and go here.  You will not be disappointed with the food and the service.Came to this place on a Saturday night. Great Food!!! This place doesn't look like much from the outside but don't be discouraged. Go upstairs and you will fall in love. Nice music and a great selection of Tapas. The only thing I would change is the service. Our waitress was completely distracted with her friend the entire night. Their menu is mostly in Spanish and has a lot of things on it that we did not understand. We really needed someone to kind of explain things or even just help us along. We ended up waiting far the guy to bring food and we would ask him what is was that he was bringing out because it looked so good. I even had to ask the waitress what their specials were. Also they have an incredible list of rum and tequilas and she could not tell us anything about them. That was a bummer. We ended up turning to good old Google to find a great selection. Overall the place is a hit, just wished we would have had someone a bit more knowledgeable about the menu.Goddamn amazing.  Everything off the tapas menu is beautiful.  The sangria is amazing.  The quinoa salad is outta this worldI found this place by accident - well sort of. Basically I was there before they opened so they didn't have their normal outside setup ready yet. I was looking to grab a beverage for the road and the manager was super friendly and we had a nice little chat. For years I'd thought that the place "wasn't that good" from what people had said. He was pretty firm about the food being awesome and kindly let me purchase a beverage. I mulled over it. I might have been confusing them with a different place down the street... 
After taking my go-drink, I arrived at my best friend's house because she was taking me out to celebrate my birthday a little early. (Who doesn't like an extended birthday!?) I told her about how I am pretty sure that (unfortunately) people - specifically me - had them confused with a similarly named restaurant (now closed so no need to even go there) and when I was talking to the manager and looking at the menu, everything looked amazing! She said - "Oh yeah! That place is good!"
Perfect! We called to book a table since it was the weekend and it is a small place. When we arrived we ended up with a great table outside. Our server was such a good sport and everything on the menu was great. I highly recommend anything with shrimp. Ours came out perfectly cooked with great flavor and a little char. YUM. 
Also the jamon y queso arepa was obscenely delicious! 
Did I mention that the service was great?! We had a blast. Thanks, guys! Looking forward to a return visit to try some more of the menu.This is my second time eating here and both times, I've really enjoyed the whole experience! I don't know why I've only been here twice! The sangria is delicious! I shared a variety of tapas with my husband and it was perfect. The food comes out quick so be prepared!Too fine. The grilled corn and oysters. Cocktails are fantastic and all of the food and drink is creative and fresh. The staff is attentive and proud of this place! Truly this place is delicious. And Steve is a cool server who makes the best Palomas!!!!Probably the best atmosphere of any restaurant I've seen in New Orleans, and one of my top five. It's so cozy and romantic, and is fancy but never stuffy. Really a restaurant for any occasion, and wonderful tapas.What is this Baru on Magazine St. I had driven by only a thousand times since it opened two years ago?  For some reason I had assumed it was a black beans and rice kind of Latin-style taqueria.  But I was wrong.  It's completely not.  It's a cool, modern tapas bistro whose only drawback isits lack of a liquor license (though soon to be remedied along with an expansion of the dining room and a new kitchen, I'm told).
So we went for lunch on Saturday after the lunch crowd had gone and liked it so much we've decided we need to try dinner.
Among the highlights: 
The calamari.  My girlfriend claims to a calamari expert, and she decided these were the best in New Orleans.  They're served in a long wooden bowl with a spicy aioli.
The cubano sandwich.  I'm not claiming to be an expert, but with homemade pickles in there, you gotta think they're doing something right
The plantain chips.  Sandwiches are served with these and a delicious black bean and corn salsa/dip.  I knew there'd be black beans somewhere.
If it's not a hundred degrees outside, they have plenty of seating on the sidewalk, and the lighting out there is really nice at night.
So go.Sliders were awesome.  Service was very good too.  Really needs a better menu and better deals on the drink menu during happy hour.This place is delicious. I had the best shrimp of my life here...
They are BYOB, which is awesome, and no corkage fee. You really save so much money bringing in your own cheap bottle. 
I found the service to be excellent. Our servers have always been very classy and attentative. I highly recommend.Went for a birthday dinner. The place is small but they did a great job accommodating our larger party. The food was absolutely amazing, best arepas I've ever hadPerfect lunch spot! Food was great...we had the tacos and burrito. I would go back next time we're in NOLAGood review on service and the fact it's BYOB.  The food was just OK.  The chicken dishes were dry and drum entree was incredibly salty.  Our food took a very long time so they gave us a shrimp app sample, which was very nice.  The skirt steak tapa was very good, simple and well seasoned.  $12 corkage fee for a bottle of wine, reasonable.This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans! I've tried more than half of the menu and have never been disappointed. I love the environment of the restaurant. They have indoor and outdoor seating, upstairs and downstairs and I'd say it's nice and cozy. The cocktails are great, but I keep coming back for the food, specifically the churrasco. It's PHENOMENAL and my favorite steak in the city. I think the chimichurri and aji sauce are what makes it! The only thing I'd say is to not plan to eat there in a hurry because the service is a little on the slower side, but I like it. Highly recommend eating here!!I went with a date. The drinks were the best part. Both the peach mojito and margarita were tasty. 
The atmosphere works and I thought the service was good - friendly and prompt. 
The food was just OK, especially given the price. The ceviche has these really huge chunks of fish and avocado that made scooping it with the provided chips difficult. The fish was kind of tough and the flavor was fine, but not anything special. The grilled shrimp and chilis were good, but the price was a little silly - 4 shrimp for 13$. 
After the first round of tapas we just decided to cut and run and head to another neighborhood joint. The prices were find if the food is really on point, but for average tapas, we didn't want to keep spending money to uncover a gem.I went with a group of friends and throughout the entire meal all of us kept commenting on how AWESOME the food was... we all left saying that that was one of the best meals we had eaten in about forever. Its BYOB, so bring whatever you want to drink, and that can save you some $$$ and you never have to wait for a drink :) I would recommend a good bottle of red wine. We also had great service by our waiter. We shared some tapas as a group and each got an entree... I tried the skirt steak tapas, which was awesomely prepared and the sauce the chimichurri sauce came with it was simple yet very tasty. I dont even like meat (my bf ordered them) and I thought it tasted good. We also got the ceviche and it was some of the best ceviche Ive had. We also tried the cheese & olive plate... the cheeses were good and they had a really nice variety of olives there too! i love that it came with pepper jelly :) The entrees were amazeballs... we all are from NOLA and agreed is was some of the best food we had eaten in NOLA which is definatly saying something....Do you know how hard it is to impress us jaded, spoiled, south Louisiana folks with food? I got the garlic shrimp & polenta... so it was basically latin shrimp & grits... the shrimp were cooked well, the sauce was garlicly as promised but not overpowering, and the polenta was creamy as can be. My boyfriend got the pulled pork and it was delicious, whatever they marinate it in has a ton of flavor and is slightly different which makes it even better. Their cononut rice that comes with many of the dishes is awesome too! Two people got the whole fried fish and would not shut up about how it great of a meal it was. I tried a bite and it was great... flakey, not greasy, quite light actually. we all agreed that we would be going back again and thanked the waiter multiple times for the great meal! Its not a quick or super cheap bite, but the prices are very reasonable for the food you get. I definatly plan on bringing people to this place next time ! have a friend in town.Wow. Just wow. This place was so good. We ordered empanadas and arepas for appetizers. I'm Colombian and I've never had arepas prepared this way- pulled pork and black beans on top. Brilliant! They were my favorite part of the meal. We also got the blackened drum. Also extremely delicious. For dessert we got flan, of course, and it was one of the creamiest flans I've ever had. 
Drinks plus dinner and dessert cost $75. Out of my usual comfort zone but totally worth it.Don't normally give 5 stars, but this was fantastic.  Came in on a Thursday an hour or so before they close. Didn't matter. The staff was friendly, smiling, informative, and didn't rush us at all. The decor coming in is minimal, but clean and well cared for. There are a couple of tables on the street side (Magazine St), and an upstairs also. 
We started with drinks...kind of expensive, but well made. The Margarita was a bit strong, but for $12. bucks, you get your money's worth.  The Cuba Libra is VERY tasty. The dark rum has tons of flavor, lime and coke.. satisfying!  
OK, THE FOOD:
WOW! 
Started with 3 tapas, and each was better than the last!  
The Guacabello is avocado, mushrooms, Spanish olive oil on spinach chips. Delicious! All the flavors came through and were fresh. 
The Camarones al ajillo... just a special dish. Four head-on extra large shrimp with sautéed garlic slices, Spanish olive oil, and chili de arbol. Comes with a couple of slices of toasted bread with garlic butter. It also soaks up the liquid from the shrimp. 
Blown away!   Sooooo much flavor!
The Chuzos de Entrana are skewers of skirt steak masterfully grilled with chimichurri, and grilled bollo de limpio...which is like a little corn cake. 
The steak was tender, rare inside, but had grill flavor outside. So good!
For an entree, we had jerk chicken with house smoked tocino (bacon-like pork belly), and braised kale, served on corn and poblano risotto. 
Great taste, flavor..sweet, spicy a bit, made my tongue dance. The chicken breasts were tender, and just great. 
I also ordered a side of the corn and poblano risotto,  which was tremendous on its own. 
Our server was a beautiful young lady with a great smile who described dishes, and answered our questions with pleasure. 
Very nice.
I understand this restaurant has been here 10 years. It's our first visit, and won't be our last. My lady and I were very happy, and satisfied.Visited Baru a few weeks ago when my brother and his company was in town. Outstanding, as always, and can't wait to go back. We went maybe a little too often years ago, so it made it even more special when we went. Please order tapas and share it with your friends. You will not get the full experience if you only order 1 dish/person. Also, really like the upstairs bar/restaurant area that they opened last year.A great, casual spot for lunch or dinner when you want a change from local or our more heavily represented ethnic cuisines. Baru is a true nuevo latino bistro, with riffs on Carribean, Mexican, Central and South American cuisines.
The Mazorca is a play on a traditional Mexican street snack made simply of roasted corn, fried shoestring potatos (I know!), queso fresco and a mayonaise-like colloid called "pink sauce"...and, I believe, crack, because it is addictive. Other stars of the small plates section of the menu include the guacabello (portobello + guacamole + housemade tortilla chips=yummy) and the atun tartare, a light yet satisfying tuna delight. They also serve salads, sandwiches, and full on entrees, all imaginative and unique in New Orleans.
No liquor license, but fresh squeezed juices (and spritzers made with same) and the flexibility to bring your own hooch make this a relaxed, casual spot to enjoy anytime.Delicious food. Takes a little bit for the food to come out but well worth it. No liquor license so bring your own bottle of wine.
The Oysters, tuna tartare, and steak/chicken/chorizo was AMAZING!I was very disappointed with all the hype of the reviews from Baru. Everything I had was just ok. Nothing spectacular. Service took forever and our waiter was barely at our table. Baru lost another star because it was extremely hot in there! (Another reason I didn't enjoy my experience here.) 
They are also BYOB for all of you who hate mark ups on restaurant alcohol.Outstanding Latin tapas. I am not an easy critic but this place is totally underrated, low key and under the radar. Creative cocktails with cucumbers, berries, grapefruit, green juice... Everything had varied from spot on to exceptional. Service was delightful. Bonus points for being very kid friendly and reasonably priced, and for the great soundtrack.Late to the review train, but I ate here for New Years Eve 2013 and was very impressed! The menu was fixed that evening so I can't speak to the daily menu, but i'd bet that it is amazing.  The atmosphere in this place is wonderful, and it was very pleasant to spend time here with my lady. 
Caipirinha A++++
Very small so if you want to go on a friday/saturday maybe expect a wait. Last time I checked they didn't take reservations...My friend and I went to Baru on New Years Eve. The restaurant is trendy and cozy. dimly lit, so it can be very romantic, but not too formal. I had been for dinner one other time previously and really enjoyed their tapas. They usually don't take reservations, but there was exception for New Years Eve. For the holiday, they had a 5-course prix fixe menu with a glass of cava for $80. The menu looked good, and we were excited! 
The amuse bouche was a raw oyster a la chalaca with pomegranate seeds. For the second course, I had the lobster ceviche and my friend had the lamb tartare. Both were delicious! I had heard great things about the ceviche at Baru and the lobster ceviche lived up to the hype! The balance of lobster, satsuma leche de tigre and avocado was perfect! We both had the quinoa chowder for the third course- hearty, filling, and super delicious. The bacon and shoestring potatoes were a nice addition that added variety, flavor and texture to the fairly generous size portion of chowder. I had the lobster tail with yucca gnocchi for the main course and my friend had the grilled skirt steak with cheese fries and asparagus. The lobster tail was de-shelled and well-seasoned and placed on a bed of yucca gnocchi. I love gnocchi and this was one of the best I've ever had, perfectly cooked and super flavorful! The consistency was on point. My friend ordered her skit steak medium rare, but it came out medium well. The server was very understanding and happily replaced it with a perfectly cooked medium rare steak. For dessert, we shared the chocolate torta and passion fruit creme brulee. Both were pretty rich. The creme brulee was a little runny, but my friend enjoyed it.
The cocktails were amazing! I had the El Pepino Picoso - tequila, cucumber water, agave, with a touch of jalapeno/cilantro. And my friend got the Maracuya - vodka, passion fruit, amapola seeds and grated ginger. They were strong, but well mixed, delicious, and did not taste of too much alcohol. They were also not too sweet and  well worth the $10/drink. 
I was super impressed with the ambience, quality of food, and drinks! I would definitely come again and will be looking out for the lobster ceviche and yucca gnocchi on their menu! Looks like they also have a happy hour, from 4-7PM on weekdays. 50% glasses of cava and select cocktails, I believe.We have been a fan of Baru since it opened! The new upstairs is beautiful, and the food amazing as always. Best chimichurri steak in the city, and the pescado frito is to die for. Buenisimo !What a surprise w eat in for a drink and had some very tasty small plates!  Reasonable prices particularly for drinks during happy hour (M-F till 7pm) the ceviche was good but the fried oysters and skirt steak skewers were exceptional.My friend and I wanted to find a new place to eat and found this place. The menu was quite simple and was told by the waitress that it changes throughout the day such as lunch and dinner time menu. So, we ate there on a Saturday during brunch time and ordered Ceviche de Pescado, Lobster Chilaquiles, Pork & Oysters Benedicto, and Creme brûlée along with Mango and Raspberry mojitos. Their ceviche was definitely a must try appetizer dish. Pork & oysters Benedicto was great. As for as the Lobster Chilaquiles, it was good only when you eat it right away. Otherwise, the chips get soggy after couple minutes so it was OK dish to us. Creme brûlée was a bit sweet, but we love it anyways. Lastly, our drinks was perfect. All in all, we will come back, again.We went to Baru last week with another couple. We had never been before and were curious. All I can say is "Wow." The food was amazing- so much so that I can't pick a favorite (plus the names of the dishes escape me). We went with many small plates so we didn't try the entres. Our favorite were the skewers and the sliders, but everything was good. And I'm still dreaming about the tres leches for dessert. We will he going back.My quick jaunt to New Orleans included lunch at Baru. A serendipitous find I had the opportunity to try the calamari, tuna tartare and beef empanadas. It wasn't very busy on a Saturday afternoon but I'm sure that's a rare occurrence for this tapas restaurant that features incredibly flavorful dishes.Charged me $3 per fountain drink and didn't inform me that there wasn't free refills until I got the check. Food isn't bad but $3 for fountain Coke is absurdFood was overall pretty good.  I tried the arepas with pulled pork which was quite tasty.  My chuzos were a little bit overdone and too charred for my liking.  They were out of flan so we had the tres leches - very good.  I guess I only gave it a 3 because of all their dumb rules.  I feel like they nickel and dime you so much here. First of all we brought our own wine which they would normally charge $15 for a corking fee.  Since it was a large bottle, they charged $30 which is so absurd.  $30 for removing the cork and providing 7 glasses.  Ok. We knew beforehand not to bring a cake for my friend's bday because they charge you $15 for bringing a cake.  Then when we all paid, the waitress said that she was making an exception for us since normally they don't allow more than 4 credit cards to pay a bill.  Perhaps if they allowed separate checks maybe it would not be a big deal.  Again, good food but they are such divas.  Probably wouldn't come here again.This place was okay. We had four different small plates. Shrimp ok. Oysters ok needed more sauce. Fired corn bread with pork was tasty. Chicken wings nah. With so many choices of good food in NOLA and along Magazine St. I wouldn't go here again.Man, this place is good. I actually hadn't been here in a while, so off we went to Baru for dinner. My friends were in from Thailand (one native and one not so native but there for 6 years) and all three of us loved every dish we shared. 
We each ordered the same non-alcoholic cocktail, whose name I can't recall, but it was fabulous. We agreed to each order an special fried oyster 'app' for ourselves then each ordered another app to share: mazorca, guacabello, picada. We decided to order one entree, the duck breast in a dark rum reduction with veggie sides and split that. 
First up was the mazorca (roasted corn, tasty cheese with potato sticks). This one might have been my personal favorite. Tasty and crunchy with a little spice. Does it get any better? I'm not that much of a mushroom fan, but the guacamole was damned good. Portabello mushroom with avocado, lime and olive oil = yummy. The picada was the richest dish, shrimp and chorizo in an olive oil and white sauce with garlic. Very, very good. We were fighting over who gets to sop up the sauce! 
The rum reduction with the duck breast was also very good. But next time, I want to get very app on the menu. Who's with me? 
Place is small, but I find the ambiance very nice. Smartly decorated, this is a great date place. There is outside sitting, weather permitting! 
Oh and we each loved the oysters!Tapas and drinks were really really good but the service was poor. Waitstaff seemed young,  unpolished, and inattentive. We would have drank and ate more but Mxxxo was nowhere to be found. John was very helpful and kind. Nonetheless food quality and drinks are good enough for us to go back.Baru is absolutely phenomenal!  Every time I visit my friend in NOLA I ask to eat at Baru.
I think I've tried every tapa on the menu and they are all unbelievable!  Especially the calamari!  It is a must-try.
One of the great things about Baru is that is is BYOB.  That keeps costs WAY down.  I prefer to sit outside eat wonderful food, drink the night away and just enjoy NO!The best food I've had in a while in new Orleans,  heck anywhere. The jerk chicken: amazing. Drum fish: awesome. Margarita: deliciousThis is an amazing Tapas bar!
A few friends of mine went on NYE to have some Taps and get some food in our belly before a heavy night of drinking.  The food here is awesome!  We had the arepas, mushroom salad, cauliflower salad, and fried oysters.  It was the perfect way to have a few quick bites.
The only thing to be aware of is the corking fee.  We got a wine bottle with a screw top but it still applied.  Apparently, they charge a corking fee for any wine brought to the table, which was fine, but something to keep in mind.