Jeremy was awesome behind the bar. The charbroiled oysters were off the chain! We stumbled in off the street and they made us feel right at home. This is a great bar to grab a drink, a bite or spend the next 30 years trying to figure out what to do with your life.I really can't rave about this place enough. The gentleman who greeted us at the door was our server. I work in the restaurant industry and this man seriously impressed me with his ability to explain every menu item I asked about. He was helpful, knowledgeable, and attentive. He was also friendly and personable - which is more than I can say for most places we've eaten since being here. The food was to die for. We had the whole fish special they were running, but started off with gumbo and the Brussels sprouts. Every piece of food was amazing and really showed off what the kitchen could do. Cocktails were amazing as well. This place has really impressed me and is most definitely my favorite place that I've been too since coming to New Orleans.Had the shrimp remoulade sandwich that included fried green tomatoes and arugula on fresh bread- it was excellent! Fresh, piping hot, great flavor. Friendly serviceCame for a birthday brunch. Started out great. Gio was nice and attentive. Things got really special due to 2 other parties that were celebrating birthdays as well. The restaurant even allowed us to play music and it turned into sort of a nice brunch party but when another 2 people came in, it almost seemed as if we were bit of a nuisance and they wanted us gone. They immediately cut the music off and promptly cut off the mimosas as well telling us at 2:20 PM that they carafe they were giving us would be our last one. Despite us seeing them come out with more bottles that were allegedly for the "dinner service". This was a really disappointing end to what started out as a super fun brunch. 
Crawfish beignets were very saucey. Chicken and waffles were amazing.Not pleased with this place. Stopped in to kill time, ended up killing a lot of time waiting on one drink. Probably won't come back.While the food here was quite tasty, unfortunately the service was INCREDIBLY slow and very disorganized. 
The charbroiled oysters were very good. The Good Life drink was delicious. 
Don't go here if you're in a hurry, but if you've got time, it's worth a trip.This was the highest quality food I had my seven days in Nola! The charbroiled oysters were incredibly done and left me craving more, best I've ever had anywhere. The shrimp gumbo was incredible and really wowed me after I thought I just wasn't a gumbo person. For a person who doesn't like spicy food at all, this was the absolute perfect level where I could really taste and enjoy it. My meal of crab butternut squash risotto was amazing. I miss it now, just remembering it! The wine list here is interesting and eclectic, not just your run of the mill stuff. I loove this place! Make a reservation though, we had to sit at the bar or wait over an hour. #neworleans #foodI must have gone on an off night because the food was meh. The seafood gumbo was super salty and flavorless, and the seafood beinets were a little too wet. The staff, though, was phenomenal.We love Basin. They have great happy hour specials with their bar menu. We especially love the octopus ceviche, crab beignets and the royal red shrimp. Highly recommend if you are walking down Magazine street it's the best place on the street within blocks. Especially for early dinner. They sometimes also do a full coconut drink special that's in a soft coconut, FUN!Delicious fried oyster salad. Prompt and friendly service. Not too noisy for lunch.  Only reason I didn't give it five stars a the seafood beignets were a bit heavy for me. I would recommend for lunch though. Nice location, great service!Service was fantastic. Smoked snapper dip is a great starter, fried avocado was unimpressive, grilled swordfish was cooked to perfection while still being light, added blackened shrimp to the arugula salad (may be the bet salad I've had in Nola), wine selection is strong.  Will definitely be back.It is really too bad this place is not better. It has a great location with outdoor seating, but that is the only great thing about Basin. The service was just plain bad. It took an eternity for everything - drinks, food, the napkin we had to ask for, the fork we had to ask for, the water we had to ask for, the second round we had to ask another server for because ours disappeared... See a theme here! The food was overpriced for what is was - a $14 fish sandwich should come with more than three measly strips of fish on a small, burnt roll - that's it, no chips, no fries, no salad, as listed on the menu, not even a stinking pickle. FYI, that's not something you should charge $14 for - not even close. Even if it tasted good - hard to tell because it only tasted like burnt roll - it needed a whole lot more going on. Overall, there are better places on either side of Basin. Try either one of those. This place won't last long or at least it shouldn't.Basin is a regular spot for us to visit. The location is great, the atmosphere is relaxed and the food is great. My favorite dish is the shrimp remoulade, but everyone else loves the royal reds.  The bar is great and the drink specials are super.  We will continue to visit on a regular basis.Wow, this place rocks and more people need to know about it! Happy hour is 4-7, and the appetizers on the happy hour menu are only $4!!!
We started off with some appetizers for $4 each. The crawfish and crab beignets were delicious and the sauce was a perfect touch. Cajun fries were seasoned well. Octopus ceviche was good but not memorable. The fish tacos were incredible and tastes so fresh. 
After, we got some regular priced small plates. The crawfish mac and cheese is a MUST. The mushroom and grits was pretty good too. The charbroiled oysters are a great choice too. 
ALLLLL of that food was only $50, and needless to say, we all had to unbutton our jeans afterwards. You really get your bang for your buck here. 
The vibe of this place is really cool and casual, and this a great different option from the usual places in the area like Rum House and Salu.We decided to go to Basin for their great food. Went as usual, parked in the lot next to Amici, had a nice dinner for 2 for $100 and went back to the car to see it was booted. I go to this strip of restaurants because the parking is so easy so I decided to go talk to the manager. He was not helpful and said they don't own the lot, can't do anything about the boot, so go suggested that I talk to the bank on Monday. Now our $100 dinner turned into a $190 dinner. Enjoyed the food and all, but wanted readers to beware that they didn't post a sign on their door not to park there anymore, didn't offer help to get the boot off or reduce payment OR a gift card for another visit in lieu of the hassle. Amici also hasn't posted a sign on their building by the lot to let patrons know they no longer own the lot. I don't think this is good for business and also know by them not owning the lot anymore, it's bad for them because patrons now have to find street parking.The boudin balls were so delicious, but my favourite was definitely the deep fried catfish. Holy cow, I have never had anything like it! Certainly going back here when we visit next!Best gumbo we had in New Orleans.  On our last night, we wanted one last bowl of gumbo.  Asked for recommendations and were told to try Basin.  It was flavorful with the perfect amount of spice! LOVED IT!
Before it came out, the waitress gave me a large spoon and a crab cracker, so I knew there would be some hard shelled seafood in the dish.  There ended up being a small crab, which was my least favorite part.  It was good, but a bit hard to eat- I wasn't given another plate for the shells so I had to put them in the soup that I was eating.  It got messy.  I would have rather had more shrimp (which were actually better than the crab) with less mess than the crab.Great chargrilled oysters and crawfish beignets where delicious. The New Orleans mule was a nice stiff drink
. I did t try the Good Life cocktail but I heard that one was good to try.Great seafood with a friendly staff and a creative cocktail menu. Two must haves are the royal red shrimp and the whole fish.Blue crab and crawfish beignets are delicious.  The fish tacos look tasty too. Boudin balls were pretty good, the aoli was a good complement.  But I can't say enough about the beignets, so delicious. The crispy pulled pork is quite yummy too.There was a live worm in one of the oysters! I don't care if some people think that's acceptable but to me it makes me feel it was not cleaned thoroughly. When we asked the server about the worm he told us it was a baby crab... No I have eyes it was a parasite and still alive swimming in the oyster grime. I don't even know how many we actually ate before we noticed this one with the worm.  I'm so grossed out. Oysters will be ruined for me for a long time....Had the most delicious crab and crawfish beignets at a Happy Hour last week. This was my first trip to New Orleans so our host insisted we go and check them out. Needless to say we didn't really have to eat dinner as a few orders of those filled us up, along with our champagne. Great place to duck in out of the afternoon shower while out shopping.They charged us ten dollars for water because we got a bottle of spring water and one sparkling water. Ordered a mojito and I think I was automatically served the premium liquor without asking. The bill was a surprise in the drink department.
The food was excellent and the service was friendly, though.We thoroughly loved our lunch. The charbroiled oysters were delicious as was the po boy. For dessert we enjoyed the peach bread pudding, which was out of this world. Service was great. I highly recommend it.We stumbled upon this place while trying to find a lunch spot. The place was pretty, good ambiance. Our waitress was very attentive, especially to my need that I can't eat spicy food. We ordered two shrimp and grits as well as a lunch special - soft shell crabs. All three of us loved it. The shrimp and grits were balanced, tasteful and the sauce was phenomenal. My sister loved her crab, it was very well seasoned. Overall it was an amazing experience and I would definitely recommendFirst review, just wanted to say that Caitlyn was hands down the best waitress I have ever had (party of 9).  Awsome service, good food.I loved their chargrilled/ charbroiled oysters thatI have to come back for a second time. Their savory beignets are a good deal when it's happy hour. 
A friend who is new to oysters got turned off when she had shards of shell left. I got a tiny pearl the other day where I almost chipped my tooth. 
Their tako/ octopus ceviche could use a little zing. The flavor seems to be dumbed down and it is sweet. We were expecting it to be spicy and soulful. This dish was disappointing but the octopus is still good. 
The service is good and attentive. I don't have to ask for water. The drinks are well crafted too. This place is perfect as it is not too crowded unlike the other popular seafood/ oyster places.Awesome 50 Cent oysters on Monday with a fresh fish special when we visited. The bar next-door has a bonfire outside which was nice to finish up with for a nightcap!Great little spot. The Gumbo and charbroiled oysters were spot on. Very relaxed and friendly staff. Will definitely be coming back with Thanos and WW!!My friends brought me here as a belated birthday lunch and it was fantastic. I found out the chef here also owns my favorite restaurant Baru! The food was to die for and the outdoor patio was pleasant. I would go back!Amazing food and super friendly staff. I highly recommend the pork hash! The server was super nice she put up with my friends crazy modifications with no complaints. We had bottomless mimosas for 14 dollars. She filled them promptly when they got low. My friend wanted me to add that the fried green tomato dish was to die for.This was our second time at Basin, and it proved that our experience the first time (in March 2015) was not a fluke. Our server was super nice and attentive and the food was delicious. It's a nice little place with a great atmosphere. Here's what we ate:
*Charbroiled Oysters: They have more than the usual amount of baked-on cheese, which makes these exceptional! 
*Crab and Crawfish Beignets: For reasons I can't explain, these don't do much for me (which is super bizarre, because I love crab, I love crawfish, and I love beignets). But my husband loved them and ranked them #1 of the things we got tonight. So this one's a toss-up. 
*Shrimp Remoulade: This dish comes with the shrimp, an arugula salad, and two fried green tomatoes. My husband doesn't eat tomatoes, which meant I got both, and they were perfect. I don't eat salad, so he got that, and quite liked it. We split the shrimp, and they were nice and plump with a tasty remoulade dressing. (The combo of a bite of shrimp with a bite of fried green tomato was awesome, and he says that the arugula salad went nicely with the shrimp as well as with the crab and crawfish beignets.)
*Crawfish Macaroni and Cheese: This is my personal favorite. The sauce is spot-on and the crawfish elevates it to a whole other level. I could eat this every day and die a happy woman. 
*Banana Rum Cake: OK, so we were disappointed that they only had one dessert option when we were there. Fortunately, the one option was DOPE! We were told the chef's mother makes the rum cake, and it was as moist and flavorful as you could hope for. It was served with vanilla ice cream and topped with a caramel sauce and it all came together for a delicious finale (though we agreed it could have used even more caramel sauce). 
We come to New Orleans once every year or two literally just to eat as many delicious meals as possible in a short period of time. Basin Seafood and Sprits is now "in the rotation" for future visits.Had a lovely meal with my daughter after a day of touring Tulane on Friday. Started off with a cocktail called the Good Life, which  Normally is made with gin but the bartender was accommodating to my request for  vodka.  It was so delicious- a well crafted cocktail.  I had a half dozen of huge delicious oysters on the half shell.  Thank goodness I did not get a dozen, these were huge!  I then had a soft shell crab fried on a delicious corn sauté.  So good.  Mt daughter had the lobster and crawfish-so Rich a few bites in and she was done .  This place was very comfortable and quite.  The wait staff were pleasant and efficient.Yummy seafood place.  Very excellent charbroiled oysters but the highlight was the risotto.  Butternut squash with lump crab.  Perfection.  Friendly service and delightful cocktailsWas taken back by crawfish beignets. Had to try them before simply dismissing them. I'm glad I did. These were extremely good. 
Service was amazing and this place is fairly clean and affordable. I'll be backI really can't wait to try this place again.  As much as I'd like to try more of their menu, I'll have a tough time straying from the seafood platter - it is absolute perfection.I LOVE this new seafood restaurant! The snapper dip is incredible!! The owners are hands-on and incredibly friendly. The staff is great and attentive. It doesn't have the stressful vibe of a newly opened restaurant. Just what magazine needed! Excellent food, drinks and atmosphere!My wife and I liked this place. 
It is easy to spend a lot of money on food in New Orleans and in recent months, we have worked toward spending less than $75 on evening meals and drinks for the two of us.  We did that Saturday night at Basin Seafood.  
My wife enjoyed a Jambalaya dish and it was superb.  I chose fish from the Gulf and it was also very tasty.  Both of our entres' were served over fresh vegetables. 
The waiter was very helpful and polite.  
This is a very good place on Magazine.Been here about 6 times and keep coming back with visitors! The crab and corn bisque is literally the best soup I've ever tried and all the bring entrees I've had have been delicious. In addition, they have a terrific bottomless mimosa deal on Saturdays and Sunday's till 3 and super refreshing watermelon margaritas. Great service too!Stumbled upon this place after a day of shopping on Magazine. I am in love. I had the crab and crawfish beignets and the fried catfish with crawfish sauce over grits. My friend had the charbroiled oysters and the whole fish. Everything was amazing.
The service was also great- everyone was warm and friendly which I appreciate. 
I live on the Northshore- wish we had a place like this closer. Definite thumbs up from me. Hope to return soon!Had a really lovely dinner at Basin. After an afternoon shopping on Magazine Street, Basin's craft cocktails and seasonal dishes were perfect nourishment. The seafood platter, oysters, and crawfish Mac n cheese were definitely favorites at our table. They also had several good non-seafood options -- the butternut squash was really impressively done. It's a smaller restaurant, but we had a group of 8 (for a bachelorette party) and they managed our group very well and were very accommodating. Thank you!I've heard a lot of good things about this place since it opened, but have yet to try it out, until a few hours ago. We live three blocks away, two year anniversary/Valentine's dinner... let's do it.
The restaurant was slam packed, but we only waited for a few minutes for an outside table. Beautiful night to eat outside. Our amazing server, Lauralee was at our table just as we got comfortable asking for our drink orders. We ordered two beers and the octopus ceviche for an appetizer. 
The octopus ceviche is out of the world good. The only negative thing about it is that I didn't have a spoon to slurp the broth. 
So, to the main courses. I didn't even have to look at the menu because I already knew what I wanted, the grilled hanger steak., medium. Hanger steak is my favorite cut of meat, and there are only a few places that I know of that actually serve it, and serve it properly. My girlfriend ordered the grilled yellowfin tuna. 
Both were grand slams. Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, and everything that accompanied the dish was delicious! 
I HIGHLY recommend this place. We're definitely going to check out their Sunday brunch in the very near future!
Thank you Lauralee, and thank you Basin for a wonderful evening!Everything was perfect! I came with a group of seven girls. We tried multiple appetizers and each got a different entrée. We all tried each appetizer and we ended up trying a bite of everyone's entree. We got a few of the specialty drinks and a dessert at the end. Every single thing we ordered was fantastic. The service was great. Great atmosphere. I cannot say enough good things.Terrible service. The $25 BBQ shrimp was overcooked and didn't come with bread or grits or anything.  My fish was over cooked AND cold.  We didn't get the water we asked for when we sat down until after we were finished eating.  Really loud, creepy decor.  Awful awful awful.  It'll be closed before Christmas.So underrated! Especially for the area. Wonderful drinks and attentive staff, but the real star is the food. The seafood is SO GOOD. I had the corn and crab bisque for my first visit and fell in love. I crave that soup still. Their other dishes are equally delicious.  Cliched to say it, but they really do have fresh takes on creole/cajun classics. I would take an out-of-town guest here for a nice seafood dinner anytime.
For the locals, their happy hour specials are great. Oysters, fried stuff, and good local beers. Definitely worth checking out as a hidden Magazine Street gem!Tho I had enjoyed Basin previously, I hadn't been there in a few years--happy I returned. I had the Crab & Corn Bisque topped w/ Chilled Crabmeat Salad--thick'n'creamy and absolutely delicious (almost wish I had ordered the bowl instead of the cup). For my main course, I had the duck confit special which was excellent; I especially enjoyed the accompanying pureed/mashed potatoes, the greens, and the mushrooms, three items that don't always thrill me. And the minced nuts with citrus glaze (or something like that) over the duck was divine!
My friend, who had been a Basin virgin, had the Seafood Gumbo and the Shrimp & Grits, and cleared cup and plate, respectively.
Service was lovely and attentive.
Hope to return soon!I've been in town for 7 days and I've made it a point to try everyone's gumbo. This is the best one yet. Perfect rue, dark rich color, blend of flavor and spice with a pepper finish. 
I had the shrimp and grits. It was perfect. The grits were stone ground grits of the perfect white and yellow blend. They were creamy and had substance at the same time. The shrimp was perfectly cooked and the sauce was like a stew. The shrimp were placed on kale, it was the best finish. It reminds me of what I think umami would represent. The portion size is generous and not too large. 
My husband had the fried catfish. It also came on grits with a mild ettoufe and the stewed kale accompaniment. The service was timely and the drinks are poured strong. We will be back they deserve a 5-star rating!Stopped on for a late lunch,  small menu, but some great items. Had the crawfish and shrimp beignets. These are a must! Light and great taste in a little heavenly sauce. Boudin balls were the best here so far on our trip. Finished with the crawfish mac n cheese. Very cheesy and plenty of crawfish, topped with panko bread crumbs. Service was friendly and efficient.  Would definitely stop here again.Wow. Is there a zero rating? I don't even know where to start. Long story short. 8 PM reservations. The table isn't ready for 45 mins. They tell us to wait. We wait. 45 minutes later they finally seat us. 15 minutes later a waiter comes to our table and says they are our of all of the entries but the duck. Wait what? We waited 2 hour with a table of 9 and you are saying you don't have any food? None? No that is right we have no food and no excuse. Not even a sorry. Wow. If anyone ever asks. This place is an absolute no. No freaking way.I can honestly say this was the best meal we had during our stay in New Orleans. Let me just start by saying I am an oyster LOVER. If I am at a restaurant and oysters are on the menu I am ordering them. Needless to say I've had a lot of oysters served any and every way imaginable and the charbroiled oysters served here are probably the best I've ever had.. Mouthwateringly delightful! The white wine sauce and cheese topping is everything you want it to be! My husband, who is not even a huge fan of oysters, even enjoyed them. The crawfish Mac and cheese was absolutely outstanding as well. My husband ordered the seafood platter and it was a huge plate. Depending on your appetite it could easily be shared between two people. The crawfish beignets served with the platter were to die for! WHEN we come back I will be ordering an appetizer of those. I had the drum and cauliflower. This was my first time having drum and I was very pleasantly surprised. It came topped with lump crab and the fish was mild. Not sure how the cauliflower was prepared but it was better than I ever imagined cauliflower could be and it went perfectly with the drum and crab. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere was laid back and pleasant. If you are in the area we HIGHLY recommend giving these guys a try!I had a meeting to go to and decided to go to Basin's Happy Hour since I was early. I have been to Basin Seafood before and I have enjoyed the experience. I have to say my waiter was polite but service was lacking. The crop caprese taste absolutely disgusting. My friend and I had the drink and it was a waste of money. I did enjoy the tomato. The wine served during happy hour is absolutely fantastic. I also enjoyed the fish tacos and would highly recommend those to anyone.Wonderful find! 
This charming restaurant has a brilliant and varied menu for lovers of seafood. The crawfish beignets were savory and the perfect texture, and the octopus ceviche was refreshing and perfect for summer. The salads are light but incredibly flavorful, and the fried catfish didn't feel like a cheap carnival eat, but was decadent and delightful. 
The cocktail menu is extensive, and very difficult to narrow down..
Try to make it for their $4 happy hour which features amazing specialties. 
Can't wait to being friends from out of town to wow them with this menu- specifically the chargrilled oysters.What a neat find! My friends and I stumbled upon this place while shopping on Magazine Street. Bottomless mimosas were $14 and a great way to start our morning. Every dish we ordered were delicious. Most notable were the shrimp and grits, charbroiled oysters (deserves all the stars) and the chicken and waffles. Can't wait to visit again!Sunday brunch was delicious. Smoked snapper dip was amazing but somehow the cucumber firecracker cocktail was even better. We can't wait to get back there soonI have been to Basin twice and had a good experience both times. Nice chargrilled oysters, very good Brussels sprouts, and fine fish specials. I had a cucumber drink that was wonderful, not sweet and incredibly refreshing.Really enjoyed the happy hour. We stopped in for the raw oysters, while there we got the happy hour special 4 dollar starters. Amazing Bloody Mary!Light and beautiful char grilled oysters..
Not drenched with butter.
Owner ran and got steak from Baru, so I could feed my kids there...
Totally cool.This was a great and random find.. it's my mothers 80th birthday, we're staying in the garden district and decide to walk to grab lunch.. just to hot to walk any longer and we found Basin.. First that service was fantastic.. super nice and helpful. There was 5 of us, 4 had the poo boy(great bread and super delicious. I had the grilled oysters and Shrimp/grits.. WOW.. both were off the charts good, oysters had an amazing smokey flavor and the shrimp/grits..well I'd had this at a lot of places and this was the best.. full of flavor, perfectly cooked shrimp and the grits were mild with a bit of sweetness from the corn flavor. Seriously, I've been to a lot of 5 star restaurants around the world and I'd take this any day... Support the local community..Basin is a must go to for off the charts good food and super friendly service..I had the "fresh catch" special, which was a red snapper.
The plate was huge, the fish, bigger than the plate, and it was perfectly grilled.
We also ordered oyster and the fish tacos, both were amazing.Solid little place in an adorable neighborhood.  Loved the pork & hash.  Crab & crawfish beignets were good too. Charred oysters are always a good choice.SO YUMMMMY, must try if you're in Nola! I walked here with a couple of my friends during our trip for Mardi Gras weekend, and it was so far. The walk was very worth it once we got our food. I loved the fresh and charbroiled oysters. Our other entrees were quite delicious too! The service was a little bad, but it was a busy night!I came into this place not expecting much other than a good mimosa buzz from their $13.99 Bottomless Mimosas and boy was I completely blown away! Everything was absolutely excellent from our waiter Jeremy to the absolutely delicious food and cocktails. We got caught in the rain in here in the middle of a Saints game so we ate and drank a healthy amount and everything was very affordable. This place definitely left an imprint and I'll be sure to come back next time I'm in NOLA. 
P.S. The secret is definitely in the sauces they put on each of the dishes we ate (french toast, surf & turf benedict and the cajun fries) ...so amazingly delicious my mouth waters just thinking about it. lolLet me start out by saying that based in the food, it would be 5 stars, but our server was stoned, stupid, or most likely a terrible combination of the two. When he would walk up to the table, he would stare at us awkwardly for about 30 seconds before finding his ability to use words. When asked if the duck ragu was confit he responded by saying he didn't understand. And that wasn't the only time he didn't understand. But to be fair, it was Mardi Gras weekend, so I can only assume all the competent servers took the night off. So, yes, server was absolutely high. 
Now onto the food. Oysters are one of those foods I absolutely dislike, but so badly want to like that I try one every time. And if there has a ever been an oyster that made me consider popping a second one in my mouth it would be the charbroiled oyster at Basin. And that's saying a lot! The other appetizer we had was the octopus ceviche... Delish! 
For entrees, my friend that got the duck ragu loved it. Two of us ordered the Yellowfin Tuna and devoured it. The combination of textures with the farro, tuna and veggies plus the pesto was perfection. And finally my boyfriend raged about the Hanger steak. He is a chef and extremely picky, so when he loves the food at restaurant, it must be the best!
Banana rum cake for dessert was a wonderful ending to a great meal.
Oh and as for the drinks the glass of Sauvignon Blanc, I started with was fair. The beer selection sucks. But the cocktails are all amazing! And the restaurant is called "seafood and spirits," not wine or beer.I should preface this review by letting you know I'm a vegetarian- I do not eat seafood, but my friends are all seafood lovers and I gladly accompanied them here.
I've been here a few times now and the William Pearwell drink is a MUST, if you're a pear lover like me. The taste is light and fresh and it is just a delightful drink overall.
I have also had the brussels sprouts appetizer (you can request that it be made without anchovy paste) and it is good, albeit quite oily. The roasted beet salad is delicious and the goat cheese croquettes are on point. The salad is not enough for a full meal, unfortunately there are no other vegetarian dinner options. I asked for the mac and cheese without crawfish but it is already pre-mixed. I ended up getting a side of french fries with my salad, which turned out to be a great choice. The fries were enough to share with a table of 5 and came with 3 tasty dipping sauces. Highly recommend. 
I understand that this is a seafood restaurant but it would be great if there were just a few more veggie options for when I return with my friends.Highly recommend. We found this place off of an IG account that posted a photo of the crawfish mac and cheese. We were seated right away and I had the watermelon margarita, perfect and refreshing. Our table ordered the following which were ALL AMAZING! Crawfish mac and cheese, crab and corn chowder, octopus ceviche, crab and crawfish beignets and the catfish po boy. Nothing disappointed us. My fellow diners really enjoyed their beer selection! A great spot to stop after exploring the Garden District!The food is great and the service was even better. Flo kept the mimosa's coming without us asking! You really get what you pay for! I'll definitely be back!Great service. Yummmmmmy snapper. Great atmosphere -- must try watermelon margaritas !Fantastic experience coming here that I recommend you try it out. Came in with a group of 16 w/ no reservation so clearly we were expecting to wait but shockingly they just pushed some tables together and seated right away! Basin, you were on top of your game that night! The entire table ordered drinks and appetizers and they were fast, friendly and delicious. The food was a nothing short of amazing. I'm still drooling over the crawfish beignets...Take your significant other or group of friends and check this spot out. After dinner if you're up for it you can always walk to the bulldog to end your night. Have fun and invite me next time you go!This is the second time I've been to Basin Seafood and Spirits, and the second time I've come away happy. I can't stress enough the joy I have over their 50c raw oysters on Mondays. And then $4 Louisiana craft beer. They also have their happy hour menu. The blue crab and crawfish beignets were insanity on a plate. They were dense and full of crab and crawfish (more crab than crawfish, but I'm not complaining). I also had the boudin balls this go round. They were solid. Not the best but pretty solid. On a previous trip, I had their fish tacos also on their happy hour menu. I wish I could have eaten more to get those again. 
The atmosphere is hip and chill. Not a big restaurant but cozy. Stellar place for happy hour if on Magazine.Basin is one of the city's hidden gems. It's not popular or ostentatious. It's not classic New Orleans food, but it stills pays homage to the flavors of the gulf. This is arguably the best brunch spot in the city. If you aren't looking for a scene and just want yummy food and good drinks this is the place. Don't skip the mussels besides being a great value you will want to lick the bowl clean. The butternut squash crab risotto never disappoints. Sit outside, grab a bottle of wine and enjoy.I went here for bottomless brunch on Saturday with 5 of my girlfriends.  It was amazing.  We started off as the only people in the restaurant and I can't seem to understand why it wasn't packed.  This place has incredible food - we were all extremely pleased with our choices.  The service was fantastic as well - our mimosas were never left empty.  I would absolutely come back to this restaurant!!Hot and thirsty, checked on yelp for a place nearby. Dropped in for happy hour. Had the spiked Arnold Palmer and an order of Boudin Balls (4 boudin for $4). Everything was good however the drinks were very light on the alcohol side compared to what we usually find with local drinks. All in all, good choice to wet our whistle.I've only been there once. Fairly decent food but could do better given all of the choices in NOLA.We went at happy hour and had one of everything except the octopus ceviche. Fish tacos were good the battered fish was a nice change from what I'm used to. 
The crab beignets were worth the try. Possibly a little more dough than I wanted but there was a huge dollop of crab and crawfish deliciousness inside. 
Boudin balls did not disappoint. 
Cajun fries,...eh. 
After all that the only other must have I wanted from reading yelp reviews was the smoked snapper dip. I'm in love. I want more! I finger licked the bowl when it was done. The crunchy bread they serve it on adds a great touch. Although I found myself tasting it alone just so I could enjoy each flavor that made this smoky, light, yet rich dip so addicting. Order this. It's memorable.Caesar salad with fried oysters was the winner. 
Crab risotta was flavorful but would have been great without the shells in every bite. I sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and attentive.
This place has promise...I'm just not sold.I have been twice and literally licked my plate clean both times. Food is out of this world!! We had no trouble getting a table either time either. Great service and drinks too. Can't wait to return!Great find! It was a Saturday night and we didn't have a reservation, but they fit us right in. It felt like a newer restaurant. Staff was super friendly and eager to please. Our waiter gave great suggestions and we ended up splitting the seafood platter. It was delicious. My only complaint might be there were too many fries. Everything else was good.  Would definitely return.I've been here a billion times and it never disappoints. TBH, I've pretty much had everything on the menu. 
Today me and a friend got the crawfish mac n cheese, crawfish beignets, pork n hash, tuna steak sandwich and of course the bottomless mimosas.
The food prices have risen a bit, but can't beat the $15 bottomless mimosas. The food is actually reasonably priced just higher than it was a year ago. The server was awesome. He brought us at least 10 carafes of mimosas. 
The crawfish mac n cheese is one of the best mac n cheese I've ever had. The beignets were a bit doughy, but the remoulade sauce made up for it. The tuna steak sandwich was a thick piece of fish and came with more fries than I could finish. The pork n hash is my go-to and came with so much shredded pork that I had to get a to go box. 
Definitely will come back. Definelty will recommend. Seriously can't beat the bottomless mimosas.My Friends and I had bottomless mimosa brunch and had the most amazing service and food, our server Jeremy and another helpful gentleman Tim had true dedication to their duty of providing us an unforgettable time !  Most bottomless mimosa  type places lack in service and leave you with an empty cup. Jeremy and Tim made us feel like we were the most important thing in their life, feverishly complying with every single one of our our silly demands and keeping our cup full at any moments notice. Keeping with the highest standards of customer service Mr. Jeremy and Mr. Tim reflected credit upon themselves  and basin.Great gumbo and awesome mojitos. Gotta try a blackberry mojito and blueberry ginger mojito. Also had the charbroiled oysters. Fantastic! Happy hour menu was very small. But great place to grab a bite and some drinks.We went here for a late lunch at about 3pm on a Saturday.  The charbroiled oysters was our first item.  Definitely something you must try.  They were devoured within seconds.  I honestly do not think they lasted a whole minute between my husband and I.
I ordered a vodka and tonic and my hubby ordered a local beer (forgot the name) he got his beer right away but I did not get my beverage until about 5 minutes later.  
For our lunch I had the fried green tomato Benedict which was served on a biscuit instead of english muffin and hubby had the Pork Hash which was pulled pork served over cheesy hash browns and an onion and bacon jam the topped with sausage gravy.  Super yummy, also very heavy though.  I find everything you eat in NOLA is very heavy, oily, or richly flavored. 
The food was very good and very fulling.Where has this place been all my life?! Fortunately we visited Basin on our first day in town and we'll definitely be back before we leave! We each had had a drink and a small bite to eat. On recommendation I had a cocktail called The Good Life and the grilled oysters. I was blown away by both!!!the Good Life is delightfully refreshing on what was a "moderately" hot and humid day in NOLA. I'm not oyster fan, but these are no ordinary oysters! Outstanding use of flavor. Can't wait to come back for an entire meal!This place has great food. I think so far one of my favorite po-boys, I have ever had in NOLA.  I went for lunch and everything on the menu looked delicious. A little pricey for lunch, but I would love to try some of the other dishes at dinner. My husband had charbroiled oysters, which he really enjoyed and gumbo. Definately would go back.Heard great things. Waited 40 minutes for a drink. Never came,  we left. Will not return.Best charbroiled oysters in town!!!!! Great location and great staff, had a great time.We have eaten at Basin a few times now.  Most recently, we did a Monday night dinner to grab 50 cent oysters.  I ate about 2 dozen.  The oysters for the happy hour were not as tasty as the oysters we've eaten for our standard dinners.  I'm not sure if this was coincidence but between me and Shari V, we left a couple of big fatties on the plate.  
I had the puppy drum most recently.  Nice piece of fish with a lemon butter sauce.  The butter sauce was tasty but a little bit heavy on the butter and over-powered the dish.  Overall, we had a decent meal.
We may repeat Basin one more time to give the oysters another go, but I was disappointed with our most oyster outing.  Again, this was for the Monday 50 cent oysters.  Before that night, I would have given Basin a nod for my top oyster spots.Basin has a great happy hour with a bunch of 4$ dishes- all very decent. The fried pickle side is worth it, they're good. The charbroiled oysters were excellent. The beignet was alright. The ceviche was good. The fish tacos were very good. Nice selection of beers. Service was great. I'd give a 3.5 star review but you get a 4 instead!Excellent ambiance with many simple, delicious items to offer. The ahi tuna is especially delicious!Raw oysters and chargrilled oysters are dynamite.  Great little establishment.  Would be nice for corn and crab bisque not to be entirely puréed, but flavor still was there.  Enjoyed the meal here.  Slight points off for the bisque but still recommend this place.  /thumbs upWhat an incredible restaurant. I had lunch here on a Tuesday, which I'm glad I did, because I was able to enjoy my lunch and not rush. Prepare to wait or be elbow to elbow here on a weekend or Monday night for 50 cent oysters, though! I have not seen too many restaurants as busy as I've seen Basin on a busy day. Good for them! They deserve it!
Their menu is super unique with dishes that you expect but don't expect good New Orleans restaurants to have (Crab & Crawfish beignets or octopus ceviche). Their chargrilled oysters are INCREDIBLE and still hot when they get to you. My waiter was super friendly and gave you his time to make you feel at home. I really enjoyed this place. My Boston man is coming down to NOLA this month and Basin will definitely be a destination.First meal in NOLA in ten years, mixed reviews from family. My salmon poboy was grilled well and bread was tasty with good texture, but pricey to come with no side in what's essentially a slightly upscale sports bar. Son's seafood gumbo was lean on meat and over salted. Crawfish beignets were good and crispy. Server was polite but slow. Seemed to need more staff in the kitchen.Decided to try this after driving by a few times.  Made a reservation but probable could have been seated without one.  Started with the charbroiled oysters.  Excellent.  Also the risotto was quite good as were the fish tacos.   Good waitstaff as wellWas excited to have a local's secret for seafood uptown. 
I scheduled a preview dinner before a College buddy came to town.
Went with a friend and was greeted by a hostess who didn't seem to want to be there. No biggie, until I learned that she was also our server.  It's hard to ignore a vibe that was off so dramatically. 
It's been over a month now since my first visit to Basin. I can't recall much about the food, but that is info itself. 
I would say food was 3-3.5 stars and service was a 1.  
From the other reviews, it sounds like sitting at the bar for some charbroiled oysters should be the plan....My boyfriend is from Germany and has never experienced the city of New Orleans. My good friend gave us an amazing tour and ended our evening at Basin and we are glad to have found this place. We ordered two dozen platters of the charbroiled oysters because we couldn't get enough! The mushroom grits were pretty amazing also... We'll definitely be back!Great new place to eat seafood.  A must try.  Service was prompt and friendly.  Prices right for the area and the food is really great.  Have tried several dishes and all were well prepared and tasty.  Will be returning soon!!!.Stopped in for lunch on a whim and was not disappointed. Service was great, the space is cozy, and the food is delicious. We ordered the beignets and chargrilled oyster. I will be back for the beignets alone. The American Mule cocktails was great too.There are certain expectations when dining out. First, one expects that the ingredients listed for a certain dish, contain the ingredients. Not true with my meal. I ordered the Grilled Yellow Fin Tuna. Listed among other items was Kalamata olives. The dish arrived, less the olives. I mentioned it to our server, who by the way was very good, but extremely busy. A few minutes later someone, who I assumed was the manager arrived with a dish of sliced black olives loaded with olive juice. He didn't ask to replace the meal. He just plopped the dish of black olives on the table with a sheepish apology. Really? Black olives in place of greek olives? I guess this place caters to tourists who don't expect to return, or the manager assumed I wouldn't know the difference. Wrong. 
Sorry to say, we will not return. I dumped 170.00, but will not spend another dime there, ever. There are so many wonderful places in the Garden District that "get it" and don't try to fool their customers.Found this place on a whim. We wanted a sit-down place away from the FQ madness. Basin's reviews and menu looks amazing, so we gave it a try. We made it just in time for happy hour which was fantastic! SO many great items to choose from. Had the boudin balls (YUMM) and the stuffed crab beignets. WOW, we were impressed. Since we have been eating all week long, eating our way through Nola, we shared the Jambalaya and it was everything we could have asked for. We love the decor, atmosphere, and amazing/fun/attentive servers. This is a must-do anytime we travel to New Orleans! I love finding hidden gems like this one!After a walking tour of the Garden District, we were just a little bit hungry but knew we couldn't wait to dinner to eat so we decided to stop in for linner.
The Basin is definitely a comfortable and casual space.  Specials are written on the chalkboard above the open air kitchen and service was friendly.
We went with both the raw as well as charbroiled oysters as well as the shrimp remoulade.  Both types of oysters were delicious but if I were to come back, I would order the charbroiled oysters in a nanosecond.  The oysters were mild and plump and paired with parmesan and garlic butter were a meal in itself.  The shrimp remoulade was solid as well.  Served with a fried green tomato and arugula salad, the dish was bright with the right amount of acidity.
New Orleans is blessed with so many great restaurants but if you are walking down Magazine St., you should definitely check this place out.Uninspired, overpriced, and underwhelming food. 
Offerings are not anything different from what you can get at much more established and cheaper restaurants around town (think seafood poboys, a couple boring salads, and a few typical apps). $13 for a handful of lettuce, three shrimp, and a tasteless dressing made for the most disappointing salad I've had in years. 
The Crawfish Beignets were okay, but the sauce presented as a remoulade was really just a zesty mayonnaise (and not good). 
Raw/Chargrilled Oysters and boiled Crawfish were also incredibly expensive, which is ridiculous for a restaurant attempting to compete with Big Fisherman directly across the street.
On the other hand, our server was lovely and fast.
Would not go again.Had the fried oyster eggs benedict for brunch that was on special and started with the Crawfish and Crab Beignets. Both were amazing and service was great. There was a wait but we were quickly called after putting our name down and were seated immediately after that. Will go back!Simply the best happy hour in the city!  The fish tacos are epic.Best shrimp and grits in New Orleans! We also enjoyed the Jambalaya and Brussel sprouts. Everything was absolutely delicious and the atmosphere in the restaurant was cool and modern. Our wait was a little on the long side, but it was so worth it. I would eat the shrimp and grits every day if I could! I would highly recommend Basin to anyone visiting New Orleans.just stopped in for a few apps and can't really say that i was blown away by any means. i ordered the crab & crawfish beignets which i really did like. i took the the waiter's word that they were better than the duck poppers. also got the brussel sprouts, which were alright. only thing is that they were literally swimming in oil, much of which was chili oil - very much overkill. 
biggest disappointment - and it's just as much my fault for getting it - was the fried kale. total waste. it sounded interesting and was not at all. shame on me for going trendy. 
it is pretty pricey once you get to the entrees, but it's a nice spot and you can enjoy magazine street while you're dining.Went here for happy hour (it was a Monday after 3pm): $0.50 raw oysters, $4 appetizers, $3 draft beers. You can't beat the prices! Service was a bit slow (1 waiter was working), but food came out pretty promptly. The octopus ceviche was amazing, as were the oysters on the half shell. We also got the boudin balls and the crab/crawfish beignets, which were okay. All in all, a good experience, wouldn't mind stopping in for happy hour again!The Best Oysters I have had in my life. Hands down. So goood! 
The food here is great, and the friendly service certainly helps. I have been here twice, both times with big groups (once for brunch and once for dinner). During brunch, the servers were attentive and made sure that our glasses were never empty, which is always great. Both times I was here I got oysters and followed that with a fried shrimp po boy, which was crispy and delicious. Their seafood gumbo was really good too, and when I was here for dinner, I also got some crawfish and crab beignets and that was really great too. 
Highly recommend this place. Great food, friendly staff, and they are really accommodating​ for bigger groupsMy group absolutely loved all the food, including some long time Nola locals. We had the house specials for the day's drink and the happy hour menu and really enjoyed everything. The sliders were especially mouth-watering! Definitely hit up this place for some decent and well designed seafood.Yellowfin tuna sandwich was cooked perfectly and the grits and fried catfish to die for!!!!Not even one star.  It would be Zero stars if possible.  The seafood/lobster platter was interesting sounding so we ordered.  When it arrived, the disappointment arrived along with it.  The shrimp were old, the lobster was sad and the kitchen manager, 'Chris', well, she was even worse.  We called her over to point out the concern and all she did was argue.  She said she was 'giving it away at $65.00' and she would take $10.00 off.  I wasn't asking for anything taken off, just a fair price.  She said she seasoned it all herself and didn't understand why it wasn't good.  I further explained, surprised why she was even being combative, that the product itself started off bad.  ...that it wasn't her fault, it was just bad seafood.  She still didn't care.  After ten minutes, I couldn't take her lack of caring and inability to understand the root cause so we over-paid for bad seafood and went next door to the Super-Tasty Amici.  Basin's kitchen manager, Chris, sucks.  Go next door to Amici or Long John Silvers if you want better seafood than Basin offers.  _Steve RAmazing food. Fabulous service thanks to Jeremy! Bottomless mimosas! Loved the shrip po-boy and crawfish Mac and cheese!We gave a one star because of the disrespectful and immature female waitress. We came here on the July 3rd at 7:30 hoping to make the firework at the city park at 9pm. We just want a quick bite and drink. When we walked in the restaurant one of the male waitress came to us and asked us if we have a reservation. We said no, and he told us there's a two person table but he'll put two more chair there so we all can sit together. When the female waitress acknowledged this, she said "I don't like the idea" she said it's not going to work blah blah blah. The male waitress told us he'll try to make it work like all the great restaurant will do for their customers. The female waitress just stand there and looked at us and said "NO". We've been to many restaurants but never once been so disappointed toward the customer service. She should had deal with it a different way. We could have wait for 10-15 for a table. But the female waitress was just so unprofessional and rude. So we are delightful to say that this restaurant just lost a customer. We won't be coming here again.Yum yum yum! My first restaurant I tried in Nola. Ended up coming two times in 4 days! Everything was perfectly cooked and flavorful. I'm not a gumbo gal but told it's a good one. I loved the smothered catfish with crawfish grits- I'm actually dreaming of it right now. The fish tacos were decent, oysters good, red shrimp messy, and the crawfish Mac and cheese out of this world. Gah! I want to go back now.My friend said "Crab & Crawfish Beignet" and I was out the door in record time.
If you love fritters and seafood and remoulade sauce and things of that nature, then this is a can't-miss menu item.
We also got the Octopus Ceviche. Pure magic. Probably my favorite dish of all.
My entree was the Pork & Hash. It was so rich and yummy that I had a generous portion to take home for second lunch. You know, when you take your leftovers home and eat them before you get a chance to put them in the fridge? It happened and it was delightful!Freshness of food, stellar cocktails and seafood. Great service. I would go out of my way to come back.5+ for food. Service was one star - surly and inattentive. Took over 20 minutes to get waters. Don't go in a hurry, be prepared to be ignored - with an attitude. Enjoy the amazing food!This day was the final day in New Orleans so me and my friend wanted to try another seafood restaurant around the cemetery area and those haunted mansion, so I found this place. We went there when they just opened and we were the only ones there, we didn't try any drinks cause we had a flight the catch the same day and was tired from the night before on bourbon street which was amazing by the way. Food in general was amazing, loved all the dishes we got, oysters were fresh, shrimp was seasoned well, the fried green tomato went really well with the shrimp, and the Mac and cheese was off the hook with crawfish which came in a sizzling skillet, overall beautiful presentation and nice decor. The waiter was very attentive to us and asked if the dishes were good. I would come back here if I ever returned to NOLAThe bartender was really nice and helpful. Our server...not so much. We stopped in for lunch on our anniversary. I misread their info and if I'd known that the oyster happy hour was only on Monday, we would've likely gone elsewhere. I did however pay full price for oysters...and they were tasty but REALLY small. Also ordered the crab and crawfish beignets, which were really good. My husband had a shrimp poboy which came with no sides. Would've been nice to know that. We had to repeat the oyster order to the server 3 times. Finally the bartender came and we placed the remainder of our order with him while our server busied herself with conversation with the kitchen staff. I had to ask for cocktail once the oysters came....again waited while the server continued her obviously very important conversation with one of the cooks. The food itself was good, but for $50 on a raining Tuesday afternoon, I expected more and probably could've found it without much effort.I've been to Basin Seafood and Spirits several times since they opened last year but never got around to writing a review. I can say every time I've been the food has been great. The interior is nice and casual. They have some really cool paintings on the walls that are for sale, I'm assuming from a local artist. There is also a beautiful bar and they serve really good craft cocktails. 
I went yesterday for lunch and had the Watermelon Margarita to start (yummy). Had the Shrimp Remoulade for an appetizer and then the Crab and Corn Bisque. The shrimp remoulade was better than the basic remoulade. It came with a fried green tomato and a basil aioli that added a lot of flavor.  The shrimp were also huge. The bisque was delicious! It had little lumps of crabmeat on the top, and there was some cilantro with it too, which I felt made it. Only thing I would suggest is for them to add a couple more dessert options. I was craving something with dark chocolate and they didn't have anything like that. Regardless, I will be returning!Based soley on the charbroiled oyster. Does not come anywhere close to Drago's. It's decent, but theres not much cheese/buttter topping on them. It's a poor take on the charbroiled oyster...Think this was our most satisfying meal during our stay in New Orleans. We happen to arrive just after happy hour and we had one of everything on the happy hr menu 
Pulled pork slides and dos tacos were especially awesome
The cocktails were all fantastic, the food was super good and well worth the price. 50 cent oysters! Can't beat it!
Great service, friendly vibe... Not over crowded...absolutely a gem!This is some of the best food I've had in New Orleans. 50 cent oysters on Monday - can't beat it. The crab and mushroom risotto was amazing. We also had the crawfish mac & cheese and the smoked snapper dip. I highly recommend all of it. You won't be disappointed!We stumbled in on happy hour. 50 cent oysters were amazing. Also tried boudin balls and crawfish bengiets which were all tasty.Nice place to stop by on Magazine Street for Happy Hour.  Today with it being lent, I got the Smoked Snapper Dip and the Gulf Fish Tacos along with the Jackelberry drink!  If the weather is nice, you can sit outside and enjoy Magazine Street.We went there on a very busy Fat Tuesday and had a great experience! 
The dining room is small but comfortable. It was a little cold, but everything else was great. 
We started with bloody Mary's and they were great. Also very affordable. 
Shared a dozen raw oysters- and they were great. Want to try the charbroiled next time. They looked great. 
I got the Tuna steak sandwich with a side of fried pickles. They pickles were great, the sandwich was good. 
All in all, the food was great and the service was some of the best I've had in the city. That says a lot, this is New Orleans after all.Stopped for a quick lunch. It was great. I had boudin balls that were perfect and a shrimp remoulade Poboy that was pretty good. Friendly service with a matching atmosphere.Looking for a good Happy Hour? The restaurant provides a weekday happy hour menu from 3-7pm featuring food items like crab and crawfish beignets and fish tacos for $4 each. Daily drink specials at $5 and local craft drafts at $3. Very inexpensive and delicious options that are great for those wanting a simple lunch on a budget. I stopped by for lunch on a Wednesday and the place was not overcrowded at all.
I was quickly seated and then handed an extensive list of drinks and wines along with the happy hour menu. I decided to try the blueberry mojit since it was the cocktail of the day and was only $5. The mojito was probably the best one I've ever had. It's citrus-ey, sparkly flavor quenched my dry buds as I glanced over the lunch menu. 
Charbroiled oysters, shrimp and grits, steak frites, cochon sliders and octopus ceviche all sounded heavenly as my mouth watered for everything on the menu. Before I placed my order I had to remember that I had enough time for small bites as time wasn't on my side. So, I quickly ordered those delicious, scrumptious, cheese and seafood stuffed beignet with an order of crispy fish tacos that were both very filling but lightly prepared. The remoulade sauce was the final touch needed for those delectable beignets and so was the jalapeño salsa inside the tacos. Yum...I've noticed a lot of restaurants in new orleans have really high ratings,  even when they shouldn't.   Maybe people are just too nice in the south to say anything mean? 
On that note, I can say the food was definitely amazing here! I would consider myself a foodie, have eaten at restaurants all across the country, and this place did not disappoint!
 For drinks, we started with a glass of house white and the daily cocktail. I don't remember the name of the cocktail, but it consisted of muddled cherry tomatoes, basil, watermelon juice and vodka. Sounds like a strange combination, but it actually worked out really nice and was very refreshing. The house wine was pretty good too. Each for only $5 for happy hour.
 Food wise, we ordered two dozen of the $0.50 happy hour oysters, which are there local P & J's. Nicely shucked, good size, and well worth the money!  Living in Seattle,  the hh oysters here are usually tiny and at least $1 each.   We can usually go through at least 2-3 dozen per person,  but not in NOLA.  The local oysters are huge and if you'll want to save space for their other delicious food!   
We also had the octopus ceviche ($4) which was okay.   Serving size was equivalent to a cup of soup and had sliced octopus tentacles marinated with lime,  onions,  fresh oranges and some other herbs and spices.   Served with a side of 4 tortilla chips.   I could go with or without this dish,  nothing spectacular. 
One of my favorite favorite dishes i had the 5 days we were in the city was the crab (& shrimp or crawfish? ) beignets ($4).   They weren't really beignets as much as fritters or deep fried balls of crabby goodness!   Real crab meat with minimal filler; lightly battered and deep fried.   4 bite sized pieces per order served on a sauce that i don't remember because the dish was so good!   Probably could have gone through a few orders of the beignets alone,  but had gotten full off the oysters already.   
I'll definitely check out basin again if we make it back to the city.   With 50 cent oysters, $4 appetizers and $5 drinks,  it's totally worth the trip!   Looking over their regular dinner menu,  dishes were decently priced and a few sounded really good!    Service was good too, we were promptly seated upon arriving. The outdoor seating was pretty much full, and endure had a few tables and at the bar already. Our server was attentive to our needs and checked on us often.Great shrimp and grits, fish taco was excellent and my bottomless mimosa was never empty!!  Service was excellent and the joint was clean with excellent ambiance and noise level.So good. Food and drinks were great. We had a mix of brunch and lunch food. We liked the fish tacos and chicken and waffles. Caitlin was our server and she kept the mimosas flowing. Highly recommended.Absolutely horrible service. We got very much ignored and talked down to for being college students. If I lived in New Orleans I just wouldn't come backThe food is not nearly good enough to make up for the terrible service! Our table of three tried so many different menu items, the crab and crawfish beneits were just okay. The pork sliders were okay. The fries were the standout delicious menu item, so that should tell you something. I would never recommend this to a fellow foodie, ever. If you aren't a foodie, you may kinda like this place, but a foodie would not. The service was poor, as I read in many other reviews, mgmt should take note and do something about it, hire better people, train their employees better, whatever they need to do. Inhospitable, not quick, and forgetful.I was in town visiting the other day. Having not been to south Louisiana for seven years, I thought I'd take a long stroll through Uptown which left me wanting  some Louisiana eats. Being a fan of fish, I went for the fried catfish with grits, topped off with crawfish cream sauce. It was excellently done with great flavors mixing perfectly. There was the trademark cajun heat which did not overpower the subtle cream, the firm and tasty crawfish, the kale (which wasn't soggy of soft), nor did it overcrowd the andouille. To add to this, the catfish was fried to perfection in a cornmeal breading. the fish was nice, moist, and tasty while the breading was hard and crisp. Lastly, The service was excellent. I ordered unsweet tea and my server kept it coming. I Will, without a doubt, be visiting this place when I'm back in town.Stopped in on a Monday afternoon just in time for happy hour.  There's a good selection of beers, wines, and cocktails to pair well with the food.  
Of course, we had to have the 50 cent oysters.  The oysters were large and briney.  Hard to beat for 50 cents a piece.  We also ordered the octopus ceviche, crab and crawfish beignets, and the boudin balls off of the happy hour menu.  The ceviche was extremely fresh and full of flavor.  The beignets and boudin balls were perfect paired with an ice cold local IPA.  
A can't-miss when shopping on Magazine St.Holy smokes! Beautiful oysters for $9/dozen,  unreal Brussels Sprouts, and the drinks ... We had the "Smoky and the Bandit, and a "Well Traveled". We'd go back again and again if we could.I love this restaurant.  Last time I was in New Orleans I ate here 3 times (in a 5 day visit).  My wife and I went back today looking for the same great charbroiled oysters we got last time . . . and I was disappointed.  
Dry.  Overcooked.  I don't know any better way to say it, but they tasted kind of "funny," and you never want to say that about seafood.  
We will probably give them one more shot while we are here to redeem themselves.Food was great service was great the drinks were awesome customized try the burnt onion aioli sauce it was delicious.I always pass up this place. I've gone to the neighboring restaurant several times. But my husband wasn't feel either but I'm so glad we finally came here. We started with a cocktail and french fries with three dipping sauces.. Ahh heaven! Then some amazing charbroiled oysters. Fried catfish on a bed of creamy grits I couldn't stop eating off my husbands plate. I just got a arugula salad with beets and goat cheese croquettes, because I thought I wasn't hungry. The only thing I missed was the friendly charm or excitement about their food from the waiter. Not important, that's just me.  The atmosphere is dim, warm, and very Nola with the local art on the walls. We were seated in the back by the kitchen. We enjoyed watching the chief a work. PLEASE go here you will love it! I can't wait to go back.Went for the first time this week.  Had been wanting to try it for awhile, and was glad I chose the spot.  I sat on the back patio- loved the atmosphere- small, cozy.
Tried several apps, and I have to say I am in love with the charbroiled oysters and fried kale.  Perfection.  
I also had the boiled crawfish- I am SUPER picky when it comes to crawfish since I am a local, and I was not disappointed.  I was very excited to find a place to be able to sit and eat boiled crawfish but wasn't sure I would walk away from it like I do at "house" crawfish boils.  I was wrong-  the crawfish were perfect: easy to peel, soaked/seasoned to perfection.  It's the beginning of the season, so they were a bit small, but I will definitely return for them soon!
Cocktails- AMAZING.  I had a drink called "The Good Life" that was out of this world.  I would probably go back just for the cocktails!
Bottom Line- I will return.We love Basin. We live nearby so we often walk over. Enjoy sitting out on the sidewalk, my husband likes to sit inside if there's a game on and the back patio is underutilized. It's huge would be great for a large group! 
I LOVE the octopus ceviche. The octopus is tender, the juice fruity and slightly spicy. Daughter also loves it we have to fight over the last drop. Beignets, royal red shrimp are both excellent. The whole roasted fish is always great to share. Wine selection and drinks are quite good. They sometimes have a whole coconut drink that's fun!  For some reason it's never very crowded and the food is much better than any other place nearby.Nice little spot to watch the Saints although the back patio is fairly small. The service was excellent. The food was just okay.This place has decent food but the service is absolutely awful. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant and it took us over an hour to get our food. The only thing that came out quickly were the oysters which were the highlight of the dinner. The quality of food is not worth the service. Can't imagine how bad the service would be if this place was busy, although there is probably a reason it wasn't. 4-5 stars for the cocktails and the oysters but everything else makes it a 2. Most likely won't be back.I met up with friends at Basin recently for happy hour and was impressed. Got the beignets and fish tacos and both were delicious! Good prices and service.Hands down the best meal I ate while in New Orleans! The service wasn't great but definitely worth the wait. We got the crawfish beignets, shrimp remoulade, and crab & corn bisque. All amazing!Incredibly delicious! We came hungry and made it in time for the $4 menu. We tried several items and we were pleased with all of them. Octopus Ceviche, fish tacos, crab & corn bisque and charbroiled oysters. All of the dishes were tasty and the service was wonderful.We just happened upon Basin when we were in NOLA a few months ago.  I guess it was lucky for us that Casamento's closed two minutes before our Uber driver dropped us off and sped away. So we just started walking down Magazine and found this gem!  It was so good the first time, we had to go back!  We went for lunch both times.  I'm going to make it a point to eat there every trip to New Orleans from now on just so I can treat myself to their chargrilled oysters and shrimp remoulade (a tower of fried green tomato slices and shrimp remoulade covered with a delicious pile of arugula). My husband loves their shrimp poboy...they could not jam more shrimp into that delicious sandwich!  He counted at least a dozen large shrimp!  My son, who is a not so easily impressed chef, actually was very impressed with the restaurant and his fried oyster Caesar salad.  My little grandson had the fried catfish and real, homemade fries, which we all helped him eat.  The catfish was  perfect.  Don't miss this place!  Its not expensive and well worth the trip down Magazine.The food and drinks were amazing, the atmosphere very comfortable. We split a dozen of each oysters, both were superb. The ceviche was perfect. The risotto, so rich it was dangerous. Tried almost every drink amongst us and they were all a unique blend of favors and pleasantly strong. Dessert was ok, the chocolate cake not bad but not notable. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the slow service. Ate three items on the table before our first round of drinks came. Our caesar salad was nowhere to be seen for more than a half hour. Definitely worth going!My first experience eating charbroiled oysters. They were phenomenal. It was a cuge space with a friendly bartender too.Wow - come here on a Monday! Oyster special is amazing. We got the whole fish (yum) and it was the whole corn that came with it that really blew us away. 
Great spot to watch MNF in style with great food and good drinks.The food is average , perhaps I already had some of best seafood in town at French Quarter.
Waitress is friendly and ambience is ok.New magazine st restaurant with crawfish boil. Seems a bit over priced. Underwhelmed by some of the dishes impressed by the drinks. Would return to possibly give it a chance once they are open a lil longer.
Pros
Great cocktails
Good service
Cons 
Limited opening menu
Crawfish $6.99 a pound(too pricey!!!)
Pay additional for corn, potatoes,  and sausage
Tuna ceviche barely had tuna in itNow this was a great spot!!!  Went here to meet a friend for dinner, local and great food.  The setting was perfect, soft lightly and homey feeling.  It set the standard for restaurants while we were in New Orleans.This place is intimate, but has outdoor seating available. Me and my party went for brunch. Once I reviewed the menu, I knew I had to try the crawfish Mac n Cheese appetizer! We ALL loved it! Not too many bread crumbles, enough crawfish and cheesy goodness! It came out sizzling on a cast iron skillet. I tried the chicken and waffles because (omelettes and chicken/waffles are pretty much my go-to). The waffles were made of cornbread batter, which was amazing! It provided just the right amount of sweetness & the chicken was deelish! Did I mention the bottomless mimosas for $15???  our waitress didn't even allow my flute to get empty! I loved her!!This place is the real deal.  Excellent food and excellent service.  Every single dish was amazing!  My young daughter even said it was her favorite she's ever had.  You must check this place out.Shrimp and grits 10/10, charbroiled oysters 10/10, crawfish beignets, smoked salmon dip, all of the above. Amazing!!!This is our 4th night in New Orleans and our second night at Basin. Everything about this restaurant is worth the 1.5 mile walk to it. The charbroiled oysters are perfection, the boudin balls are the best of the trip so far. The oyster Caesar has the most delicious fried anchovies on top, with perfectly fried oysters as well. We have one more night in town and we might come back.Great service, great food. Ron was making great recommendations. Red fish grilled and risotto - AWESOME.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE. SO many better options for seafood in this city! I wish I had taken pictures to prove I'm not just one to complain. This place is an awful addition to the neighborhood. My guess is that most of the good reviews are from tourists. Anyone local will agree that this place is not worth it. I went for the 2nd time today. My first experience wasn't very good, so I should have accepted it and stayed away. The first time I went i had the charbroiled oysters. There's nothing charbroiled about them. They are basically oysters that were baked with tons of butter and cheese. Do yourself a favor and go to Drago's or Katie's in mid-city. They have the real deal. I also got the pulled pork tacos - fried puffy taco shell - fell apart with the first bite and I felt sick after eating it. 
I went back today b/c I was walking my dog and saw the sign for $.50 oysters on Mondays. They were good enough for the price. Not huge and by no means close in quality to other oyster spots in town. Just cheap. Then I had the blackened shrimp salad. It came out drenched in salad dressing to the point I couldn't finish it. It also only had 3 shrimp on it. 3 overcooked and dry shrimp. As I was eating it I realized what else made it seem skimpy. It was supposed to have avocado on it. Apparently they forgot to mention that they were out of avocado when I ordered. The salad is supposed to have greens, shrimp, avocado, tomato and pickled onion. With so few ingredients, avocado is pretty important and the main reason I ordered the salad. The tomatoes were also a joke - you get 2 cherry tomatoes cut in half. Seriously - just 2. So basically this salad was I think $13 for 3 overcooked shrimp on a pile of soggy lettuce. When I said that I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew they were out of avocado, all the kitchen manager would do is take off $1.60 after multiple attempts from the waitress to convince her it wasn't right. I'm sure they charge at least double that if you ask to add avocado. I just spent about $20 and I'm still hungry. After reading other reviews, I now see that the kitchen manager is one of those that thinks they're always right and doesn't care about return business. Good luck with that. I've worked in enough restaurants to know how that goes. That location has had a lot of turnover over the years. Looking forward to the next restaurant because there's no way this one will last. I gave it 2 chances and I won't be back or recommend it to anyone else. HUGE RIP OFF!!! There's a reason they don't include the prices on their online menu...Great good! Loved the dip and gumbo. Chargrilled Oysters were as good as acme! Saved us a crowded trip and fighting the lines in the French quarter.My husband has been telling me for years how good the food is in New Orleans is. This placed backed up everything he's ever said. This was my first time in this beautiful city and this place had all the flavor I could ever expect. 
Started with the raw oysters and they were unbelieveable. Of all the places my husband and i have traveled to, these were some of the best oysters I have ever had.
Next I had my first boudin balls with their aioli. These were just a party in my mouth. These my husband barely got a bite of since I was tearing them up.
The gumbo and crawfish mac and cheese were also to die for.
And last but not least I have to mention the exceptional drink I had called the Cucumber Firecracker - so refreshing and flavorful.
This place will be a permanent staple each time we visit this amazing city.I love New Orleans and I love Magazine street restaurants.  Basin fit the bill to a T.  Great service, and most importantly, great food.  The oysters on the half shell were huge and delicious.  Check.  Then add the seafood gumbo and great french bread.  Also fantastic.  The flavors are all New Orleans and when it's good, it's good.  
Do try Basin and you will have plenty of options to meet your palate.Just came in for a quick snack. The crawfish Mac n cheese was incredible...wish I could've had 3 more of them!We were visiting New Orleans and wanted a taste of some real New Orleans fare. We came here for happy hour which was not a bad deal! I had to call to get their prices because they are wrong online, but the salesperson on the phone even gave me the wrong prices. Appetizers are all $5 (not $4 like website said) and the daily cocktail is $6 (not $5 like the website said). When we were there, we got the boudin balls, the Cajun fries, and the infamous savory beignets! All were delicious, although the fries just tasted like regular French fries. Definitely need to try to the beignets though!!! I don't even like crab and crawfish and these were to die for!
The restaurant was empty when we went in and looked a lot fancier than it should've. There is limited seating outside and none of the tables fit more than four people so if you want to hang out outside, you may have to go to one of the restaurants this place is sandwiched between for better options. The place doesn't look extravagant on the outside but the food was delicious and cheap, and the cocktails were great! The only thing is that the only cocktails in the happy hour special is the daily one, so if you want to get anything other than that, you're looking at spending $10 or more. I would try calling to make sure you'll like the cocktail or the day as that and beer and wine are the only drinks discounted at happy hour. Another thing - great location! Next to a bunch of other restaurants and a bunch of shopping at Magazine street.This place has a really nice ambiance, great wait staff, variety of menu items. I thought they would have more fish entrees especially since the spot is called Basin Seafood. Anyway, I tried the snapper dip it was garnished with chips, which was very tasty.  For an entree the only fish they had was yellowfin tuna and a 2lb whole red fish. I didn't want either so I settled for fried catfish with grits which was drizzled with a crawfish cream sauce.  The best part of the grits was in the center was fresh cooked greens, seasoned like ya momma and em.  Scrumptious!!!!!  Hubby ordered the chargrilled oysters which was ok, the sauce was their own but not the typical garlic, & Parmesan. It seemed to have a funny after taste. My gf ordered the whole red fish which was seasoned to perfection, aside a while roasted corn on the cob. Overall Basin was good, not in a rush to go back but not disappointed either.I spotted this place on the bus tour and had to go in. They have only fresh seafood and the staff was very friendly. They were knowledgable about gluten free and accompanied me without a worry in my mind. Great shrimp!Had visitors for the weekend and picked Basin to have Saturday lunch.  We had never been there, but everyone wanted seafood so we gave it a try.  There were only a few customers so we were seated right away.  Mimosas were fine, oysters were fine.  Had to send fish tacos back after a couple bites - our waiter asked why and I told her they were way overcooked.  She said they had had that problem before.  They also were greasy and had a really heavy batter, which I didn't like at all either but I figured that could be a preference.  The reason why Basin is getting this low rating is because we waited nearly an hour after we were completely finished with food and drinks.  For some reason, despite having a few customers, paying our bill took an unreasonable amount of time.  The ordeal was:
1.  Brought us one check asked for two
2.  Brought us two checks and disappeared
3.  Had to go find someone so we could leave
4.  Returned our checks but had run the same card twice 
5.  Tried to refund the card and charge the other
6.  Brought the cards back with the same one ran twice
7.  Went back to fix it
8.  Came back and showed us four different receipts confused about which was which - still not sure what was charged.
The whole thing took about an hour.  Totally ridiculous.  I asked if they were learning a new system, but they said no.  They apologized, but now we have to make sure our card wasn't charged multiple times.  So:  a very annoying, long experience with no entree.New Year's Eve 2015 was just another night at Basin, and I love that.
We had a reservation, and were seated immediately. FYI there is a specialty cocktail list on a chalkboard above the open kitchen. Our waiter didn't mention it, but we found it anyway. 
I got the duck ragu and he got the yellowfin tuna. The duck was great and I wolfed it down, but the tuna was DIVINE. Buttery, perfectly cooked and served over a Mediterranean kind of salad. Yum, Yum, Yum.
We used a restaurant.com coupon so with one cocktail and two entrees it was only about $40.Went here on a food tour.... do yourself
A favor a go here. The grapefruit vodka drink was a must!! All the food was on point!You know. I really want to love this place but I didn't enjoy my meal. The .50 cent oyster is a GREAT bargain but the quality of the oyster just didn't seem as fresh. I also got the smoked fish dip and I didn't even finish it. It wasn't that tasty to me. Too much mayo.The crab and crawfish beignets are really good along with the crawfish mac and cheeseOne of our neighborhood favorites.  Great selection of small plates, entrees and drinks.  We asked Jeremy for suggestions and we started with the seafood gumbo & crab & corn bisque, then the smoked snapper dip.  We shared the mahi mahi and added crab (Jeremy's suggestion) to the oyster mushroom risotto - yum!  For drinks I had the American Mule and he had the Gnarly Barly Catahoula Common.  No disappointment here.  We ate at the bar and enjoyed great conversation with Jeremy and Mike.I've heard a lot about this place over the past couple of months and was eager to try it especially since it's in my neighborhood.  I'm a big fan of Royal Reds and wanted to try some of the other dishes that were recommended.  We had the Royal Reds, Charbroiled Oysters, Snapper Dip and Crabmeat Beignets.  All the dishes were enjoyable.  What wasn't enjoyable was the laissez faire attitude of the staff.  The worst was watching the food expeditor sitting on a stool at the kitchen window, eating corn on the cob (actually picking each individual kernel off and putting it in her month) only taking breaks to plate people's food.  I was appalled and it totally ruined my experience.  The rest of the staff sat at the bar talking to one another.  I know it was a slow night but I don't need to see the staff hanging out at the bar and the expeditor eating while plating.  Our waiter was a good waiter but someone needs to tell the staff not to hang out like they are customers.  I'm giving it 3 stars solely based on the food but don't know if I'll go back.Service was great. 
Octopus ceviche was refreshing. 
Whole fish was ok, just didn't have a fresh taste. 
Watermelon margarita, you can tell the watermelon juice was old. 
Chimichurri sauce color seemed like it was a few days old and spicy. 
Overall experience was disappointing, I was looking for freshnessTerrible management, but good food. 
Went with a group of five, nice room, friendly waitress, good start. But once we ordered it went downhill. The wait for our meals was very long (30 mins after ordering). When they eventually came, one of the meals didn't even come out. We politely prodded the waitress, but in the end the rest of our party had completely finished our meals before the fifth ever made it to the table (risotto no less, how long can that possibly take?!?). Every person in our party has worked at a restaurant at some point, so I think we were more understanding than most. But we missed a show because our meal took so long, and the manager really made no effort to make up for their mistakes. My friend starved and our entire party's plans for the night were altered. I just wish they'd have at least acted like they gave a damn.Red royal and crawfish and crab beignet appetizers were delicious. Drinks: the "Good Life" IS DELICIOUS, the American mule is the best around. Rikki was an excellent server with awesome food and drink suggestions. The chicken and waffles were the best we've had anywhere. They come with okra cooked like nowhere else I've had because they are delicious and seasoned perfectly. I don't like okra and I could eat a whole plate of these. The waffles are cornmeal based and perfectly sweet balanced for the spicy chicken and beans that accompany.Food was absolutely delicious! 
We tried the half dozen oysters as a starter and they were super smooth and very tasty! I had the crab and crawdad beignets-most amazing (very sweet with excellent sauce)! My mom had the royal red shrimp and really loved it, but didn't feel that the portion was large enough for her. 
Price was very reasonable, service was a little slow, but the food was amazing and worth every bit of the wait and price.The place wasn't very busy, but extremely loud inside, like a bar. I assume it's building structure. 
Food came a bit slow and appetizer and entree came at the same time. 
A bit over priced for a 7$ seafood gumble in a very small cup.The food was amazing, delicious with every bite better than the one before. However, our server Jay was the best part as he provided amazing friendly service with a sense of humor and personal touch. I would recommend to anyone.Basin is delicious, great food and great selection of beer and wine.  Outdoor seating to bring the pup!This place sneaks up on you. Not that its unassuming.. Just that you don't realize how good it is until you sample the food. 
I invited some visiting friends and basically ordered appetizers in an attempt to sample as much as possible.
We ordered raw oysters, red snapper dip, cochon sliders, boudain balls, crawfish and crab biegnets, and ceviche. All outstanding. Specially the cochon sliders and red snapper dip; unassuming but once the flavor hits you'll be floored. I don't care much for raw oysters.
The service was friendly but understaffed.
Definitely would come back. My visiting friends were impressed.My cousin and I were the last two guests that arrived prior to closing on last Friday night. Normally when this happens I always feel rushed and the food is usually cold since the restaurant is closing. This time we were warmly greeted by Loralei who is the manager. She seated us and was very patient as it was my first time dining at Basin. She answered all of my questions and even made some suggestions. We ended up ordering the Crawfish Beignets and they were hot and delicious.  Way better than the ones at Jazzfest. The gumbo was nice and spicy like I like it. And the Royal Shrimp were just as she described. The food was amazing!!! I will definitely be back.Basin is located on Magazine St - a nice area I suggest out-of-towners check out both during the day & night. I enjoyed the gumbo (best I had while visiting New Orleans) and the seafood stuffed beignets. My husband liked the jambalaya and my mom enjoyed the raw oysters on the half shell. It was our first meal on our trip and it didn't disappoint!New Yorker ventured to this cozy spot for some oysters. First of all, prices were amazing. The happy hour special had 50 cents oysters. My girlfriend and I shared a couple of appetizers, how couldn't you at a price of $4?! We tried the boudin balls - delicious, so was the octopus ceviche, the Mac & Cheese was okay, but our favorite was the "Crab & Crawfish Beignet"! Small plates but filling. 
The staff is very nice, I accidentally left my card and they held it for me, no problem what so ever.Food was delicious but it took FOREVER to arrive. Kitchen is so slow and disorganized. Prepare for a long slow dinner.Stopped in today with a craving for oysters after a long day at work. Major bonus, it was happy hour meaning 50¢ oysters. Seth and Jeremy were both super nice and professional and the raw oysters were very fresh and delicious. I'll definitely be back.Great food and service. Fantastic bartender. Great local food at a fair price. Nice  place to have brunch or simply sit at bar and chat with cool staff. Will be back for sure.Amazing oysters, jambalaya and gumbo...and we've had these dishes at quite a few places in NOLA. The cocktails were top notch as well. It was the perfect way to end our visit to New Orleans.10:30 pm, Sat nite. laura lyn the waitress was great! The grilled red fish was SUPERB, charbroiled oysters were perfect. Will return! Drinks were great, i think we found our go to spot, wath out Samuels Blind Pelican, you have competition.I revisited this restaurant recently and had a much better experience.  We sat outside on a beautiful day and the food was delicious.  We had the ceviche, charbroiled oysters, royal reds and the fish tacos.  Everything was delicious.Some of the best food I have ever eaten. Stumbled upon it and stopped in. Big portions and great prices. Device is outstanding.Staff was so patient with our party of thirty and our craziness. The chef contacted me personally and made a menu for us and they even allowed us to bring in our own cake.
Really a wonderful experience and I highly recommend you try this place!This place is so delish when it comes to seafood. I ate brunch here on my birthday and it was so yummy (they have bottomless mimosas!!). We had the crawfish & crab beignets (which are a must try), I also had the fried green tomato eggs Benedict, and a bloody mary that was way tastier than expected. The only item I would advise against was the pecan pie, which tasted a bit stale and lacked flavor, but this is a seafood restaurant, not a bakery. Overall the experience, service, and food was great and I will be back!Stopped by Sunday for an afternoon snack of Crab and Crawfish beignets, oysters in half shell, charbroiled oysters, Milky Way cake, and Banana Rum cake. It was all good. Will definitely come back next time we're in town.Great food, Chef really knows his stuff.  Had the Crab Corn Bisque to start, the presentation was fabulous and the flavor even better.  The wife had the shrimp & fried green tomatoes, again presentation superb , taste even better.  I had the pulled pork hash & it was fantastic!  You have to try this place you can't missThe good:  great happy hour specials and 4 dollar appetizers.  We had the boudin balls and Cochon  slider.  The Bad:  service was a bit slow and inconsistent, but not a big deal if your just hanging out.  No Ugly... it was good stuff overall...Great spot! My boyfriend, his daughter and I went here on Valentine's night for an impromptu dinner. We were pleasantly surprised! The drinks were ordered, my boyfriend wasn't satisfied with his and replacing it was no problem at all, they brought it back with no problem asking him if it was up to par. We ordered the fried catfish plate, seafood platter, corn n crab bisque and a dozen chargrilled oysters. Needless to say, it was all delicious! The food was fresh and hot. It did take a little longer than usual, but it was valentines night so we didn't complain. The lighting was very romantic and a dinner date here would be highly suggested. Overall, I totally recommend u stop by and give it a try. Very swanky spot, I'm sure we'll be back!!This is a really fun menu.  I really appreciated all the many options with small plates, salads and the mains are mostly under $20.  We showed up early and were offered the happy hour menu that includes 5 bites for $4 each.  We ordered the cocktail of the day which was a blueberry vodka drink.  Delicious.
I had the charbroiled oysters in parmesan and the fried catfish with grits, greens and a crawfish sauce.  The oysters had too much parmesan on them.  It's all I could taste.  The first couple went down well but then it became too much really.  I ended up sharing them with my wife because I lost interest.  She was just sitting there because her bisque came out cold and she sent it back.  
The catfish dish was excellent.  Perfectly fried.  The grits were excellent and I really appreciated the restraint.  I saw it come up on the line and the chef picked up the fish looking for the greens.  That's how few ended up on my plate.  I wished there had been more.  They aren't expensive.  I was wishing for more than 6 crawfish but appreciated the economy of the dish but they definitely could have afforded a few more greens.  The dish is excellent and I recommend trying it.  
We can walk here and will be back.  Happy to have this as a neighborhood option and looking forward to our return.This restaurant was everything and more! A large group of us booked a brunch reservation with them last week and we had the most delicious feast. Every item we ordered was amazing from the shrimp and grits, gumbo, charbroiled oysters, crawfish Mac and cheese, etc. We pretty much ordered almost everything on the menu and enjoyed all of it. We did the bottomless mimosa option which was probably the best I've had at a brunch. Our glasses were never empty and they were strong, just like we like them! Our server Gio was amazing despite how wild and loud we were, he was still able to handle us. The ambiance was very cute and intimate. We got to meet the manger to let him know how much we enjoyed the restaurant. I can't wait to return next time I'm in NOLA! Great job guys!So far my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The drinks were delicious, the entrees were delicious and the ambience was prefect. I got the autumn sipper which had the right amount of sweetness with respect to the autumn spices. The octopus ceviche tasted fresh but not too sour. The butternut squash risotto was very very creamy but did not feel overly fatty, which points to great technique. And I really enjoyed being able to see the cooks in the kitchen. 
The one ding I would give is that our server was a bit standoffish.My sister and I tried this place last night. The small plates that I had were all delicious. The crab claws (weren't on the menu but was an option when we went) were amazingly good! The juice/sauce was delicious... I ate it with the bread served after I finished my claws. 
My sister and I shared the crab and crawfish beignets... They were stuffed with crab and crawfish goodness. The sauce went well with it. The dough is filling so be careful if ur trying to eat a lot lol. 
I had charbroiled oysters... They were great. There is only one other place I have enjoyed charbroiled so this is now my second spot. My only complaint which is why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is 4 of my 6 oysters were extremely tiny..... Like 2 equaled the size that one should be and those 4 were cooked too long. All the cheese was burned to the shell so I really didn't get what I paid for. 
The crawfish Mac and cheese was good but was my least fav but still good. 
We dined outside. The service was great, our waitress was nice and the prices were reasonable. 
I will go back. I need to find out more about happy hour!The charbroiled oysters were delicious. Fish tacos were also some of the best that I have had.