We came here for late lunch Saturday, so got to pick three small plates from the menu. The cocktail menu looked delicious, but we settled on sharing a bottle of moderately priced Gruner. I'm a HUGE seafood fan, so was disappointed to hear that they were already out of the scallop and pampano plates. Instead I chose to start with the garlic soup, which was yummy. Next I had the oysters, which were pretty darn good. Finally came the shrimp (the substitution item for scallops prepared the same way) and they were fantastic...and they even included one little scallop as a surprise! The food was good, but the atmosphere and staff were sort of stiff, which perhaps took away from the experience. If I came back, I would like to sit out in the courtyard.Food was well-prepared but not terribly exciting. Service was attentive, but unnecessarily stiff--nearly cyborgean. Waitress told us the menu hadn't changed in 29 years. D'oohkay. The specials seemed unremarkable at first listen so I ordered the menu lamb. It was cooked to perfection, and the pinot reduction was pretty on point, but the steamed green bean side was bland and kind of a wasted opportunity. 
I'm 44 years old, and I noticed pretty quickly that when I walked in, I was at least 15 years younger than every other person in the establishment. Not to say age is an indicator of fine taste, but there was clearly no invigorating sexy food action happening here on this night. Felt more country clubby than culinary mainstay. 
Among the least interesting or memorable food experiences of my week in New Orleans.My experience here was so New Orleans, Ben Kingsley to my right a woman dressed in crocs to my left. The dining room was quaint and quiete allowing for easy conversation. Now down to the brass tax, the rabbit was cooked perfectly and the sweatbreads are among the city's the best. The desert menu was lacking which prevents me from giving five stars. 
Rservations were easy to get and compared to the average FQ restaurants, Susan Spicer's french quarter gems distinguishes itself.Food is amazing. Though we are from Texas, my husband ordered the brisket.  Delicious.  My shrimp and grits were amazing, the ONLY ones I have ever liked.  Pimento cheese in the grits - yum. We were there for our 30th anniversary, and we couldn't be more happy.  Definitely go to Bayona! Oh, service was exceptional. Thanks justin and Alex!Me | Bf
App: Scallops | Veal Sweetbreads
Entree: Duck crepe | Rabbit roulade
Dessert: 10 yr. Tawny port | Earl Grey ice cream
Tucked away from Bourbon street a tad, Bayona is an elegant way to spend a nice dinner.  Others are spot on in saying that it's a complete different atmosphere once you step into the restaurant.  It's a small area, but the use of mirrors really gives this place a larger feel than it really is.
I cannot describe how great every plate was...(partly because I dined in October, eeks, I've been slow to type).  But I do remember the wonderful sweetbreads.  The bf got it and I had a taste.  I wish I had gotten more than a taste, it was crispy and full of flavor.  I do remember the Earl Grey ice cream and how I always wonder if I'll ever experience that flavor outside of Bayona.  I secretly hope that every time I visit a boutique/gourmet ice creamery that someone will carry that flavor.  Have not found it yet...
Why the four stars?  Unfortunately, for our experience, the waiter was astranged and left us alone for 20-30 minutes after our dessert.  The bathroom was so tight...and with tight space, we heard all conversations around us--even the uncomfortable ones.
I do believe this place is a gem and I would recommend it to any one in the area.A truly disappointing dining experience. Admittedly we were spoiled last night at Restaurant August, but most disappointing was the attitude of the manager
We waited over an hour between our appetizers and main course and it was obvious our waiter would race by our table never making eye contact
When I finally asked why the long wait he commented that he'd ask the manager how soon our food would be served. 10 minutes later it was and of course steak ordered medium was undercooked. 
At the end of dinner I noticed a 20% tip was added to the bill. The menu states it may be added and I can only assume they knew I would never give 20% for a dining saga.  The manager when I spoke with him gave the lame excuse that the servers were not responsible for the kitchen being slow as everything was made from scratch. 
There are so many fine restaurants in New Orleans so simply AVOID Bayona.This place was amazing! Ask to sit outside in their quaint little courtyard! Prepare to be pampered and really looked after.Great food!
I had the sweetbread app with caper sauce and they were divine.
The duck breast was cooked perfectly and served with roasted veggies.
Good service and food.!I had eaten here many years ago with my husband but recently stopped by for lunch with my daughter.  I had really great memories of the food and service here and was worried that it would disappoint so many years later.  It did not.
We came in for lunch without a reservation but were able to be seated right away anyway.  They have a few drinks that are only five dollars at lunch time, a Kir Royale being one of them.  I had two.  We both started with the crawfish turnover and both agreed though everything we had was good, this was the best!  Unbelievable really.  The crawfish center was so flavorful.  A bit spicy but not overpowering at all.  Mostly tangy.  I would order this over and over again!  For my main I had the New Orleans BBQ shrimp on pimento cheese risotto.  The shrimp and risotto were both exceptional.  This was spicy but I loved it!  The risotto was cooked perfectly too.  If you read many of my reviews I am usually disappointed in the risotto because it isn't cooked properly but this was perfect.  There were some cooked greens on the side but I didn't care for them.  Just my personal preference though, I don't generally care for collard greens anyway.  Okay don't judge - then for dessert I had chocolate pie.  It was gooey and rich and delicious and immediately went into food coma mode.  It was worth it though.
Service was excellent and the whole afternoon made for a lovely ladies lunch!A bit of an old boys club, Bayona is a charming place to dine in the quarter. The food is decadently rich which seems to please the large,  well tailored patrons. Not very suitable for vegetarians almost everything on the menu features a pork product. My companion and I were the youngest diners by decades, though happily we didn't care. The courtyard is very pretty and the lunches an excellent deal.  http://www.bayona.comFabulous , expensive  but worth every dime . My only regret was we didn't have a chance to have a cocktail outside.Don't understand the hype on this place - other than the patio has really nice ambiance. The staff is friendly enough, but the food is mediocre, at best. My husband and i are total foodies - and love all types of food from fancy to BBQ shack. We ordered the garlic soup Yelpers gave good reviews to - but it really was plain jane stuff. The plain green salad w/ blue cheese was good. We ordered the duck and the lamb dishes - both also given decent/good reviews by Yelpers. The duck was less than decent. The lamb was pretty good (best part was the sweet potato side), but neither dish measured up to the amazing food you can find in this amazing city. I would HIGHLY recommend u not waste your time or money (and believe me - i hardly ever review a restaurant this harshly - but this place is a waste of time for your taste buds!!).Amazing food and great service.  Enjoyed a drink in the fabulous courtyard before eating.  Accidentally ordered a $350 bottle of wine (meant to order a $54 bottle, but misread the wine list!)  When I got the $500 bill, my wife and I were both in shock.  After a quick Q&A with the waiter, I paid the bill and left.  The waiter felt so bad for my obvious mistake that he phoned me in the cab home to tell me that the manager had decided to give my the bottle at cost.  How cool is that?I've been there for the second time. Starters (grilled shrimps) and the main course (red fish) were absolutely fantastic. The desert was good. Nice staff. The only reason why I did not put 5 starts is the place. Although it is nice (indoor seating), I think that it could be somehow refreshed and redecorated. It looks a bit 'old'.We celebrated our 5th wedding anniversary here last night. It was amazing! 
Great service. There when you needed them, privacy the rest of the time.
Great food. We had the smoked quail salad, lamb loin, and salmon. All of the temperatures were nailed, and the portions were perfect to match the fact that we had a salad and a Au grautin to start with. 
Put this place on your list if you want to have a nice dinner out in NOLA.Technically, my rating is 4.5 stars, but Yelp doesn't let you give halves. 
Sometimes it's difficult being a vegetarian foodie, especially one with a mushroom allergy. At Bayona, it was pretty effortless, starting with making the reservation. Upon calling I had several questions and they were all met with a good, helpful attitude which set a really good tone for the evening. When we arrived the same helpful woman (I recognized her voice) greeted us and seated us in the parlor-type area for drinks while our table was prepared. She had a good knowledge of the wine list and her recommendation for a red (Tempranillo/Cabernet Sauvignon blend) was spot on! 
Once seated, we were greeted by our server's assistant, who was adorable and charming. He brought a small dish of olives and curried and pickled veggies, which were super tasty. Our main server greeted us next. He has an extremely cheerful demeanor and seemed to genuinely love his job and the food he serves. Right off the bat he gave us a great explanation of the menu (including when something was made with chicken stock WITHOUT ME ASKING!). I let him know that I was a vegetarian with a mushroom allergy and he immediately suggested some ways to modify or combine existing menu items. He also took my dietary restrictions to the Chef de Cuisine and let him come up with some dishes that he would want to make based on what he had in the pantry. I know sometimes chefs can get snippy about modifying their dishes (each component has a purpose, I know!), so I was excited to see what he would come up with.
Before I go into what my mom and I ordered, I want to say three words: SWEET POTATO BRIOCHE!
Moving on. My mom settled started with the Bayona salad. The portion was unexpectedly large. It was well-dressed (don't you hate when restaurants drown your salad? I do!) and had a slight sweetness that paired well with the shaved parmigiano reggiano. My mom didn't finish her salad (saving room), so I gobbled it right up! For her entrée, she went with the pan-seared pancetta-wrapped halibut, broccoli flan, and shoestring potatoes. After the first bite of halibut the only thing she could say was "outstanding." The broccoli flan was amazing (mom was nice enough to share). Those aren't two words that I would have put together before my trip to Bayona, but it's now something that I am hoping to replicate at home. The only "bad" thing my mom had to say was "I would have been okay with more shoestring potatoes."
I began with the Greek salad, which was on the daily specials menu. I was extremely pleased with the proportions of the ingredients in my salad as all too often someone gets carried away with the feta. Not here. You don't always see garbanzo beans on a Greek salad, but I enjoyed the addition. For my entrée, I chose to go with one of the chef's options: gnocchi, sautéed spinach and broccolini, and puréed tomato confit. This dish has converted me from feeling luke-warm about gnocchi into a HUGE FAN. And kudos on not overcooking the spinach. So many people do that I generally refuse to order it. Thanks, Bayona, for not making me regret taking those risks.
So where's the reason for the half-star deduction in the rating? I had a pretty good conversation with the server about my mushroom allergy. He repeated it back to me several times and yet my entrée arrived topped with hen of the woods mushrooms. Everyone was extremely apologetic and it was quickly resolved. A new plate was fired up and delivered piping hot, but it's a big pet peeve when my plate is delivered with poison on it.
The simply charming aesthetic of the interior and the courtyard charming is a perfect fit for the vibe of the food. I only wish I had been able to tummy-rub the restaurant's cat (I believe his name is Crusty).
OH! I almost forgot!! My mom purchased Susan Spicer's cookbook, and we came back for it the following day as they had held it so it could be signed. Unfortunately Susan wasn't going to be in before our flight left so they graciously offered to ship the book to my mom at no charge. Way to go, Bayona staff!Lovely outdoor patio in a charming courtyard would have delighted our group were it not that we were seated next to a plastic shrouded bank of air conditioning units.  Cocktail Royal Dauphine was wonderful.  Salmon disappointed.  Skirt steak, garlic soup were spot on.  Kitchen was slow - 40 minute pause between salad and entree.The living room waiting area and courtyard are just beautiful. We also really enjoyed the staff and our server was wonderful. We did not love our meal.  Our favorite item of the night was the goat cheese croutons with mushrooms. Yelpers recommended the garlic soup (which was way too thick and garlicky) and the sweetbreads which were a disappointment. The rabbit special also lacked flavor. Overall we were bummed by this meal.I'd wanted to come to Bayona for years, and actually have come along for lunch (which I don't eat, so only had previously sampled cocktails).  Came along for lunch during our last trip, and requested an outdoor table for the dinner reservations we'd made a month prior for the weekend (which they kindly added).  One oddity - they had wanted us to confirm our reservation prior to, rather than calling us to confirm...
Came for dinner in perfect weather, sat outside immediately, and all in all it was a good experience.  They were out of my friends intended cocktail (which I was also debating, so made an easier decision), and I believe out of the dish she had wanted as well.  I got the salmon, another friend got a fish on special, and the final got lamb (I believe) - both fishes received rave reviews.  We also ordered a bottle of white wine, which they didn't bring to us when closing our tab (nor especially were topping us off, so I guess they'd hoped we'd just forget and leave the unconsumed half behind?)
around $60 something per person for 3 entrees and the cheapest white, so reasonably priced (by NYC standards, and I've found many Nola fine dining spots to actually be pricier than Manhattan), and while the courtyard was cute and I've always wanted to sit there (always previously been sat inside when tagging along for lunch), I wouldn't say the courtyard was quite as pretty as I'd hoped (somewhat basic, but that's not a bad thing, I just wouldn't say it really compares to a courtyard such as Amelie..)
Our server was fine, not spectacular or horrible, I'd say average (not present super often, nor filling our wine frequently)..and while the food was good enough to deem 4 stars, the experience overall led me to not necessarily rush back, and half wish we'd done Amelie instead = 3 stars.  Solid, but not as great as I'd hoped (also I'd had a bug in my cocktail during my visit for lunch that week, and the service was VERY slow for that visit...to the point of being somewhat poor - although again, for that visit, the food received great reviews).We found our way through the doors of Bayona on our first night in New Orleans. We had no expectations and were absolutely exhausted from our whirlwind 3 day wedding weekend right before our arrival. Right off the bat we knew we were in amazing hands. We ended up sitting for almost 3 hours and ordered a good chunk of the menu, which changes daily. It was such an exceptional meal that we ended up going back and celebrating our special week one last time on our last night in town. The staff was incredible, especially Jessie. We will definitely be making a trip back to Nola soon and will always make a point to stop here as long as the doors are open!I've been mulling my Bayona dining experience over in my head for the past few days, and the more I think about it, the less impressed I was with my meal there.  I was really expecting a bit more.
My wife & I ordered a cocktail each.  I, the Stormy Morning cocktail (which was delicious).  She, the house specialty Bayona Manhattan.  And then we waited.  And waited.  About 10 minutes later our waiter returns to tell us that the bartender is out of an ingredient and can't make the house Manhattan.  So she orders a regular Manhattan instead, (which was solidly good).  However, by the time the drinks show up, we've already been here for 20 minutes, and no one has taken our food order yet.  (And it wasn't busy either).
I started with the veal sweetbreads in sherry mustard appetizer, which were the best sweetbreads I've ever had.  So they definitely get points for that.  My wife got the heirloom tomato salad, which while there was nothing wrong with it, wasn't all that exceptional either.  For the main courses, my wife got the lamb, which was excellent.  Cooked perfectly (medium rare) & seasoned perfectly as well.  The side dishes that came with the lamb, however, were unmemorable.  There was a bland sweet potato puree...and I can't even remember what the other side was.  I got the rabbit roulade, which was a letdown.  The polenta and greens (mustard?) that came with it, however, were well-seasoned.
I'm not sure if it's that I'm spoiled by having access to such good food in NY, (I can think of at least half a dozen places in Williamsburg, Brooklyn that serve better food for cheaper prices), or if I have just come to expect a certain caliber of dining experience when I'm spending the kind of money that an establishment like Bayona commands, (for these prices I expect water refills without having to ask for them, and napkins refolded when I leave the table), but I can't honestly say that I'd recommend this place (for the prices they charge) to anyone I know.  It was a very hit or miss dining experience, to say the least, and that's being generous in my assessment.Overfed, native New Orleans businessmen tend to predominate the crowd and extra-rich pan-Louisiana food the menu. If you want a lush, decadent meal in a lush decadent setting, you got it. Go to Herbsaint for a more contemporary and lighter take on the similar food.Finally, something to cheer sbout in the Big Easy. Great service, great imaginative, daily changing menu, great wine list and knowlegeable sommelier.
Not cheap, but worth every cent.
Will return.I went here with a group of girlfriends while visiting New Orleans, and we were blown away.  The sweetbreads are amazing, and I have always hated them.   If you are in New Orleans and are looking for a special occasion restaurant, look no further.Got there 20 minutes early and the hostess was not too friendly. We ordered eggplant caviar it was delicious and the grilled shrimp and black bean cake was amazing!  Garlic soup was incredible! I had the drum dish.  It was very different it was okay.  I wouldn't order it again. My boss got the duck sandwich.  It was amazing and the vendor got got pork cheeks that was good, too.  We ordered ice cream and it was good, but didn't blow you away.  The service needs improvement.  We were there almost 3 hours for lunch.  They had one waitress for the whole restaurant.  She was not friendly nor personable at all.  Christina the waitress for the drinks and desert was nice.  I am not sure I would go back.Brand new Hostess and busboy very nice. Waiter was not friendly or attentive.  Waited 1.5 hours from time of order to receive entree. Quail salad was superb. Everything else didn't WOW me.Susan Spicer's restaurant is in my top 3 in my hometown of New Orleans.   Exquisite cuisine, with a good balance of different nouveau American/French dishes.  The atmosphere and service is top notch.  Many memorable experienes here...a relative (who has lived in NYC/SanFran) said this was the best dining he's ever had.
The things that stick out in my mind as the most memorable are the diced sweetbreads/potato/beet/mushroom appetizer (yum yum) and the scallops.  There is a PBJ-Duck sandwich for lunch that's worth getting, too.
Biggest con is that the menu hasn't changed much over time.  As a regular, I am forced to go elsewhere for something new and fresh.Here are some things you should order at Bayona, in the event that they are on the menu:
~ Veal sweetbreads
~ Rabbit Galantine
~ Arugala Salad with Redfish Beignets
(I don't know how frequently the menu changes, but if you CAN order those things, you should. They're lovely.)
Anyway. My boyfriend and I stopped in here for a few small plates the other day while trying to cram as many awesome restaurants into three nights as we possibly could. And maybe we were a little underdressed compared to some of the other patrons, but we were in no way made to feel awkward about it, which was lovely.
In fact, while the food was REAL GOOD, the thing that impressed me most about Bayona was the outright hospitality. The host staff were lovely. The girl working in the "lounge" (and it's not a lounge like in a bar, it's like an adorable seating area with comfy couches and cocktail service) was absolutely sweet. And our server was the best.
You know how sometimes you go to "nice" places and you just feel uncomfortable because the server is just hell-bent in showing you how much more about food and life and whatever else they know than you? This was not the case at Bayona. It doesn't matter if everyone is dressed more nicely than you because you forgot to check and see if there's a dress code. It does not matter if you have no idea what to order. It does not matter if you tell your server that you're only stopping in for a few small plates and then heading on your way.
You will be treated MARVELOUSLY. And that is fucking awesome.My coworkers and I went to Bayona for dinner last night as they have been raving how it is their favorite in new orleans. If you like sweeter foods, this is definitely your type of place. I happen to like more savory flavors so I would not pick this place my absolute favorite.
We started with the scallops over brown rice with beans and bock choy, the goat cheese mushroom croutons. I highly recommend the croutons! They were fantastic!!! It was one of the best appetizers I have had in forever! Then I had the quail salad, which was pretty good. the quail was fried, but not too heavily. There was just enough batter to give it a nice crunch. For dinner I had the Peppered Lamb Loin with Goat Cheese and Zinfandel Sauce. According to everyone I was with it is the best thing on the menu. I thought it was good but could have used a little more spice or something.  I felt like all the food at Bayona had more of a sweetness than a savory. For dessert I had the chocolate panna cotta.  Very chocolaty but nothing special. Just a good pudding :)A very good lunch. 
We started with the shrimp and black bean cake. I wasn't too fond of the cake. Probably my least favorite thing I tried during the meal. The goat cheese crostini was very good (not really much commentary needed though; it takes like a crostini with goat cheese and mushrooms on top. The Madeira in the mushrooms was great). 
For entrees my companions had the lamb and seared trout while I had bbq shrimp and grits. It was all very good. There was something about it that wasn't quite special enough for five stars, but maybe that's because I came for lunch.Bayona is as good as it gets for truly delicious and creative meals.  Just make sure you go for lunch.  Unless you make a lot of money, or are visiting from Europe and can ridicule how petty the value of the dollar has become ...
Food: Like I said, superb!  And perfectly proportioned too; you get the feeling a lot of thought has been taken in the kitchen in terms of presentation, proportion and of course, taste.  Makes me not feel bad about ordering an appetizer and sharing two entrees and a dessert.  Start with the Smoked Duck Cashew Butter and Pepper Jelly sandwich.  It won't soon be forgotten.  They cut it diagonally into two beautiful slices, so it makes it easy to share with a dining companion.  Unless they cut it unevenly, in which case, you will probably be playing 21st finger to see who gets the bigger slice.  We broke all the rules in our New Orleans food excursion and went to Bayona more than once.  Not only that, we went on consecutive days.  The lunch menu changes daily, with a few constants (like the aforementioned smoked duck goodness), so I encourage experimenting with different entrees.  Everything we ordered was great, and perfect to share.  Highlights include the scallops and pork and shrimp dumplings in chili aioli and the baked drum (local fish) with couscous.  Wasn't HUGE on the meat platter entree of stuffed quail, lamb brochaise and sausage, surrounded by a mound of lettuce and needle-thin pommes frites, if only because the dish lacked the diversity of flavors and textures that seemed to be a staple of everything else on the menu.
We shared the stuffed empanadas for dessert the first day.  There were 2 and were accompanied by a scoop of spicy cinnamon gelato.  Can't remember exactly WHAT the empanadas were stuffed with (waiter said it was a local fruit) but they were delicious, and again, perfect for sharing.  At the end of the meal, I ordered a double espresso, which was garnished with a brown sugar cube and a chocolate-covered almond on the plate.  I am half-Cuban and have been drinking espresso for most of my life, so I understand and am all-too aware of the perils of ordering a watered-down, overpriced one at similarly fancy establishments with delicious cuisine but disappointing coffee.  I'd have to take the 7 train over to Queens, or worse, fly to Miami to get a truly memorable espresso.  But Bayona is the real deal.  So real that I ordered a second double espresso immediately after downing the first.  Nice-sized double too, and not overpriced.  
Service: Our servers were attentive and extremely helpful on both occasions, even offering us advice on other restaurants we might enjoy during our stay and answering every question about the menu that we had.  
Atmosphere: Bayona has its own little private courtyard on a side street in the French Quarter that leads to its entrance.  When it's nice out (ie: NOT 30 degrees and raining), I can imagine really enjoying the outdoor seating via the patio that is adjacent to the courtyard.  Still, inside is marvelous.  There are three rooms, each with their own signature.  You get the feeling you are in a villa in turn-of-the-century America, because you are.  The house remains intact, and so are all the classical accompaniments: piano, lush floral arrangements, gurgling fountain and all.
Value: As I said, go for lunch.  It was good enough to warrant an immediate repeat visit on a 4-day vacation in which we originally declared not to go to any restaurant more than once.  Check out the dinner menu online if you're curious, but I doubt there is really anything you'll truly be missing if you opt to go for lunch, except maybe that loan you may have taken out after spending so much on vacation...As a traveling winemaker and brand ambassador, I get to eat at the best restaurants between the coasts.  I can be a little jaded because I eat out so much, and with the availability of quality ingredients from coast to coast, I do expect any kitchen to be able to produce delicious food.
This will not be a review that takes a kitchen to task.  This is a review of Bayona providing me with one of the greatest meals I have ever eaten, including France and Italy.
And considering most of my meal was the thymus glands of a baby steer (Sweetbreads) and the getaway-sticks of an amphibian (Frog's Legs), that's a helluva statement!
The sweetbreads were so good that some at the table ordered a larger portion for dinner, and I had the frog's legs and garlic soup, which was also rich and amazingly delicious.
If you find yourself in New Orleans and are confounded where to eat, I cannot more strongly suggest that you spend some time at Bayona.  Expect amazing and get ready to smile.Unexpectedly one of the best steaks i've ever had.  Other dishes varied from very good to excellent although the bread wasn't terribly impressive.  Service was very good and ambiance was cozy and warm but a bit cramped.  We appreciated the chefs efforts to provide sustainable foods, local when possible.  I'd absolutely go back for the steak again! 4.5 starsSusan Spicer's Bayona is tucked away in a quiet part of the French Quarter and looks very unassuming, but WOW! the food is EXQUISITE! Everything is made and served with care and perfection. The ambiance is very romantic and quietly elegant. Each plate is picture perfect and with delicate subtle flavors to be relished with delight. Do not be afraid to order anything and be surprised!Heard many good things about this restaurant, which opened in 1990, and the chef/owner Susan Spicer, so had to give it a try during my New Orleans vacation in late-February.  Had a 6:30pm reservation, and within an hour the restaurant was practically full.  Asked to meet Susan Spicer, since she was in the kitchen at Bayona that evening....she was overseeing a large private party on the patio, but made time to come out of the kitchen to meet my brother and I and chat for a few minutes - she also made her apologies for there being a slight delay in the food arriving to our table due to the private party taking precedence.  I started with the Quail Salad, followed by King Salmon, and finished with the Banana Tres Leches. The food was excellent, and meeting Susan Spicer made the meal all the more special.  Thank you for a great experience, Susan!Susan Spicer needs Gordon Ramsey!!!  Scallops were grisly & only one out of the 4 had sauce.  My friends fish was undercooked & had to be sent back.  1 couple actually got up & left when we were there & the other 2 tables up in the attic were comped wine or an entree due to the issues in the kitchen.  Mushroom veloue was unimpressive.  Not sure how often she checks in but seems as if Susan has lost sight of her cash cow.the smoked duck sandwich with cashew butter and pepper jelly here is one of the better things i've eaten for lunch, ever.overall a very good experience dining here.  the service was good, but dishes took a very long time to arrive.  the table next to us were seated after us, did not order starters, and received their dishes fairly quickly.  we ordered starters, but then still had an incredibly long wait for our main dishes.  the other table was gone before we received them.  
i also have two small complaints about the food.  for a starter we ordered the garlic soup, which we had heard was good.  i'm not sure if it was just off that night, but there was just something off about its taste, neither of us wanted to finish it.  it would have made a great sauce or gravy for meat, but alone as a soup it was a little overpowering. my second complaint was the sauteed spinach served with my main course was so salty it made my mouth pucker to eat it.  
but overall, still an excellent meal.  dishes were plated and prepared well, interesting flavors together.  the ambience is cozy and intimate, making for a very comfortable meal.  for our better meals during out time in new orleans, we ate here and GW Fins.  Between the two, i have to say my vote is with GW Fins for overall better food and dining experience.  
on the dress code  - hard to say.  some were business casual, one table was quite casual wearing shorts.  that seemed a little bit out of place there.  i'd go with slacks being more appropriate than jeans or shorts, although it's not an overly dressy place.Super disappointing. We came here for our anniversary dinner, which happens to be on New Years Eve. So, prix fixe menu...fine. But $100 for very mediocre food and an appetizer, entree and dessert was outrageous. And I'm not a person who is afraid to spend money on good food. This was just a huge bummer of an experience. 
We had better food at a dive bar. 
Better service at a gay bar. 
And my boyfriend left hungry. 
Lame. 
We will not be back. And I recommend you don't bother. There is SO much amazing food in Nola, skip this one.One of the best restaurants in town. The foods complexity, taste layers and combinations were truly amazing. 
Drinks were stout and tasty. 
Service was great. All in all, we'll be going back!!!  A great night!!Ate here about a month ago on my girlfriend's birthday.  I privately asked the waitress if she could make sure there was a candle in whatever dessert we ordered, and I was pleasantly surprised to see the entire plate decorated.  I thought she said the dessert would be taken off the bill, but either she forgot or I misheard, because the charge was on the bill at the end of the night.  It would have been a nice gesture, but the dessert - the Chocolate Caramel Hazelnut Tart - was excellent even at $9.
The food was very good overall, but we were there for at least two hours, as it was a Friday night and the restaurant was crowded.  I also thought it was a little expensive for New Orleans, so I wouldn't make a habit of going there, but for a special occasion, I would recommend Bayona.  The next time I'm in NOLA, I'll probably go back for lunch, when the prices are a whole lot better.It took us six years to get a table here - we should have waited longer. We tried to just walk in during a NOLA trip in 2010 and were unsuccessful. This time we booked a table in advance and were less-than-blown away. This pretentious restaurant is extremely loud, the menu relatively pedestrian, and the food was just ok. 
We went late on a Friday night expecting a reserved, refined meal. Instead we were seated next to party of seven communicating at such a volume that my wife and I frequently couldn't hear each other talk. A guy at a nearby four-top inexplicably started barking. And of course, our servers had to speak loudly to be heard. It was a jarring experience. 
The service was attentive, but also annoying with its classic up-sell strategy - starting with the ol' bottled water ploy. Ice water was sufficient. We were treated to a lengthy dissertation about the house sazerac cocktail, assuming both that we were familiar with it and would be ordering it - we didn't. And when it was time to discuss bread we were urged to try the $5 brioche first and then the "complimentary wild flour bread." We chose the free bread and it wasn't bad, actually. 
Each server had a rehearsed speech about the menu, recited almost identically. The restaurant is 26 years old - items accompanied by a symbol had been available the entire time, and were excellent. Specials did not receive a symbol, and were excellent. 
The menu seemed more like California cuisine than what we are conditioned to expect in Louisiana. I detected few local influences. My wife's starter was interesting, though - cream of garlic soup. You might think it would be overpowering but it was satisfying and mellow. My salad was average - the greens seemed to be from an industrial supplier and were a little old. The best part about it was shavings of Parmigiano Reggiano cheese. For dinner we had a good blue crab salad and a disappointing hanger steak. I know it's not always the best cut of beef, but I paid $32 for something that was chewy like beef jerky. It was served with really good sautéed squash and a slice of bland potato pie called a "tortilla" - a Spanish interpretation, according to our server. Fine, but why not charge me $42 and serve me a ribeye? I should add that I enjoyed an excellent ribeye at another restaurant the next evening, for $28.  
The glasses of wine were disappointing, especially at the $15 and $14 price points. My wife winced when I asked her about her white Rioja; it was apparently a bit tart. And my Pinot Noir from the Burgundy region made me pine for more elegant Pinots from California and Oregon.
All in all, we had a better experience at a French Quarter brewhouse the night before; it was quieter--even with blues music playing on the sound system--the service was subtle and more assured, and the food was better.We went there in sept with work people. Everything was awesome. 
I ordered the lamb and it was the most tender lamb I have ever eaten. 
My husband said his duck was pretty amazing too. 
A coworker ordered the sweetbreads and he's french and said they were really good. 
Drinks were good , our waitress was friendly and desserts were great !Best meal I've ever had in New Orleans, hands down.
We came from Chicago to New Orleans to celebrate my 21st birthday. We researched nice places to go to dinner, and were convinced to go to Bayona. I called the afternoon prior and was able to easily secure a reservation (during Mardi Gras!)
It was raining pretty heavily the night of our reservation and so between the rain and the dark it was moderately difficult to find the place. Once we got inside the staff was great, they had us wait for only a few minutes before seating us in this really cozy, really welcoming dining area. I've gotta say, the ambiance was warm and upscale; I liked that.
The service was great. I ordered the Stormy drink and it was unique and really, really good. I thought I was going to stop there but my tablemates insisted on some champagne. We settled on a Rose Spanish Cava, and it was wonderful. 
The waitstaff brought some pickled veggies over to snack on while we looked over the menu, and we liked the garlic so much we asked for more. The staff brought us a TON of pickled garlic-- delicious.
Service was speedy but not rushed and soon we were settling into our garlic soup. Again, amazing. The soup had a surprising sweetness and wasn't overwhelming. We scarfed it down.
For the main course, I ordered Red Snapper with a brown rice cake and some veggies. The boyfriend ordered a oyster-stuffed-porkchop. Yes, you read that right-- a porkchop stuffed with OYSTERS. 
The fish was delicious. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, light and satisfying. The veggies were some kind of green thing much like bok choy, and covered in yet another delectable concoction-- some kind of red sauce. The brown rice cake was a surprising stunner. It was crunchy on the outside, flavorful, the perfect complement to the fish.
I was so focused on my dish that I didn't bother to try the porkchop, but the boyfriend swore it was fantastic.
For dessert I ordered some kind of chocolate tarte. It was good, but definitely not as good as the rest of the meal.
Some other patron had stolen our umbrella on the way out, and so the staff offered us a replacement umbrella. We appreciated the kindness, but the weather had cleared up and the gesture was unnecessary.
Overall, Bayona was the best dining experience I've ever had in New Orleans; the prices were completely reasonable for the incredible quality-- I cannot wait to go back!The Pros: The outside of Bayona is adorable. You feel like you're sneaking into a secret, right off the main drag. The food was delicious. I had the Gnocchi with Lamb Ragu, the Bayona Salad, and the Redfish. The gnocchi was cooked perfectly, and the lamb ragu was hearty but just filling enough for a starter. The Bayona salad was pretty basic, the creamy olive oil dressing was good but it would have been nice to have a little less of it. The redfish was cooked perfectly, flaky and not fishy-tasting. Served over very tasty leek mashed potatoes, which I'd never had but really enjoyed. I had simple vanilla ice cream for dessert and it set the bar for all future vanillas.
The Cons: The restaurant is a converted house, and the dining rooms are converted...well rooms. This makes navigating the space difficult. There were large, fake, flower arrangements in giant urns everywhere adding to the outdated décor. It felt a lot more stuffy and formal than I like. Ultimately I gave this place three stars because it was great, but if you're only in New Orleans for a limited time, there are other amazing restaurants to try.Last night our travelling troupe of foodies hit Susan Spicer's Bayona.  Hands-down it was decided that Bayona was the best we had this time around in NOLA.  
To quickly address any negative reviews because of wait; I think these naysayers do not understand the EXPERIENCE of a restaurant like Bayona.  Overall, Bayona delivered one of those "close your eyes and savor life" experiences and those moments should never be rushed.
We arrived for our reservation and had our choice to take pre-dinner drinks in a cozy foyer or the courtyard.  The wait gave this group time to engage in conversation and scope out Bayona.  First (and now final) impressions:  Sophisticated yet casual; intelligent and witty.
Our dinner reservation was late so some of the menu items were sold out.  Upon being seated, our waitress immediately informed us of sold out items and ran (not fast walked but ran) to the kitchen to claim the last Red Snapper.  The menu offered such creative pairings that we wanted to order everything just to taste; and that is very close to exactly what we did.  
Starters:  Salads, Veal Sweetbreads, and Crawfish Beignets.
Dinner:  Red Snapper, Lamb Loin, Duck, Rabbit, and Hake
Veal sweetbreads were exceptional (I highly recommend) but tonight, Crawfish Beignets stole the starting show so much that we put in for two more orders.  Bayona's Crawfish Beignets set the bar as probably the best around.  
Out came our main courses.  Upon tasting my duck, I was certain that I had ordered the best plate until I tried everyone else's dish.  I tasted the red snapper (really really good); then the hake (reminds me of Chilean Sea Bass), then the rabbit and lastly the lamb loin.  Every bite was better than the first.  While every plate was exceptional, we decided the best dish of the night went to the lamb loin.
This review would not be complete without a tip of the hat to Bayona's team who round out this restaurant's personality:  intelligent and relaxed; knowledgeable and lively.Something rustled in the leaves by our table on a night outside in the courtyard.  It was almost cold and almost dark and you could feel the moisture of the river and the swamp and the dead who reveled out of sight, under the leaves behind your seat.  For years the staff has known the rustling and it is family.  But they have lost it in a city where everyone has lost it.  Bayona is an attempt at modern sanity and it fails and the result is beautiful.  
Always, always order the sweatbreads.  You will close your eyes.  You will feel outside in New Orleans and in the glass and small, old lights and unheard horns and drums wailing and walking slow among the dark and wet women and men yelling and splashing their drinks over the cobblestones.  At Bayona you see and hear none of this but by the sweatbreads you feel it.  All the other stuff is fine.  You can make serious choices about the wine.Could've been great. Delicious food, paired with inattentive and condescending waitstaff means I won't return. Too bad b/c the food was really good. Maybe lunch isn't their best face.Went there for dinner with friends and sorry we did. Service was horrible! Servers didn't know the wines they serve or how the dish was prepared. Sea bass was greasy and way over breaded,  mashed potatoes cold and greens too salty. The lamb was a bad cut and chewy. We had a late reservation and the host seemed annoyed by that. We were seated upstairs in a corner while the majority of the restaurant was open downstairs.  Our only bad food experience in NOLA.Chef does this amazing 3-course "light lunch" on Saturday for $25 prix fix. The incredible menu is explained by Jane, the leader of a team of expert servers, who were warm and friendly, but perfectly attuned to the casual pace. My husband started with Chef's classic garlic soup (sublime) and I had the best Caesar salad ever (with arugula!).  We moved on to fabulous stuffed quail and Chef' famous sweetbreads, just spectacular. By now we were deciding to download Chef's cookbook. We finished with the duck/ cashew butter and pepper jelly puff, and chocolate panna cotta: the perfect end to the perfect lunch experience. Can't wait to go back for dinner!The food is delicious here.  I am deducting one star for the clustered upstairs attic I was seated at.  I was fortunate enough that I was not asked to move to have a wine removed from the cellar that I was sitting in front of.  The upstairs is a very cramped room with wines stacked up behind you.  So if they need a wine that is behind you I suppose you have to stand up.
I ordered the house salad and it came with a very good dressing but no other veggies which was disappointing.  My date ordered the veal shortbread with lemon capers which was just exquisite. Very delicious and well done.
I ordered the salmon that was very light and buttery and didn't taste too fishy for me.  It was well done.  The waitress stated that it was sushi grade so I ordered it medium raw.  I was happy I didn't order the another dish I was eying, the whole fish I saw served to another table.  The waitress had stated that it had a lot of bones but was delicious but I could tell she was steering me away from the whole fish and I'm glad I didn't get it.  
My date got the flounder that was prepared in a soy-citrus-teriyaki style.  He enjoyed it very much but I thought it was a bit more fishy than what I would normally like. 
We didn't get desert because we were really full after the meal.  All in all, a great place to eat but you do have to pay for it.  The tab came around $120 w/tip for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and for one glass of reisling.Lots of pork, pork shrapnel, and pork drippins:  Bayona will make you fat, and you will enjoy every artery-stuffing second of it.  You can watch fat people get happy as they dine.The food was terrific but portions were very small. I had the bbq shrimp with grits and colored greens. I'm glad I tried them. I love the southern food but very fattening and probably better to stay with small portions.We are foodies, there is no doubt about it and after living in New Orleans for just over two and a half years, we made it for dinner at Bayona.  Wow, the food and the service and the ambiance were all outstanding.  Our server was very friendly and we had everything we needed when we needed it.  We shared the Spanish Grilled Octopus and the combination of Mediterranean flavors of red pepper, olive etc was superb.  Then we each had a pork chop on pimento grits, with sauteed brussels sprouts and onion rings, oh my, the flavors of all of that was outstanding too.  I'm hoping to come back for another special occasion, and perhaps try lunch out in the courtyard too.Excellent from the door to the dessert!! This is definitely my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Laurie is the absolute best and the chefs hands are made of gold!! The service is fantastic and the food is unforgettable!!Bayona has never really been to my taste and a recent visit confirmed what I have long thought but kept to myself.  The restaurant is pretty in an old fashioned way and the courtyard is lovely (like so many in the quarter).  However the decor is dated as is the clientele - the average age I saw in the fairly empty dining room was well over sixty. While old-fashioned decor and aging patrons are not necessarily an issue I find that the food and service matches.  Over multiple visits the menu has seemed relatively unchanged and there were a surprising lack of options during my last one.  While dishes like garlic soup and caesar salad are well executed - that I am ordering them indicates that there is not much else to excite me.  Tried the tripletail as a main which was fine but not particularly exciting - just traditional and a little bland.  Service was excruciatingly slow for a small business lunch (party of 2) and even though we tried to move it along it still took well over an hour for two courses in a nearly empty restaurant.  We kept ordering from the busboy to speed things along and as a result the first time we saw our waitress was when she dropped off the check.  While Bayona is better than many options in the quarter it is not for me and certainly avoid if you are looking for a quick meal.In the French Quarter, many restaurants practically scream for your attention. This is, after all, a place where you can walk the streets with an open container. So it was a surprise to discover a tucked away gem in Bayona, where its subtlety and graciousness surpass its brash surroundings. We landed here on a friend's recommendation. The chef, Susan Spicer, is well known and yes, it's a foodie restaurant. We ate here on Valentine's Day when they featured a prix fixe menu with two categories: savories and sweets. We both ordered savory dishes, three each, and they came in small but wonderful serving sizes. We at first approached eating here more formally but after the first course, we relaxed into the flow of the seamless service (it must be noted: these folks have mastered the art) and savored the food. The food was to die for. And we didn't even have dessert. Such a treat. Go there for a special occasion and bring money. Good stuff like this doesn't come cheap.Holy wow!
It took me forever, but I finally made it to Bayona!  So worth the wait and I already know what I'm getting the next time I go!  
First things first...the location is gorgeous, traditional FQ charm, courtyard, converted home. Intimate but not intimidating.
Now the food.
Signature dishes on the left of the menu, daily specials on the right.  I have never had so much trouble deciding what to eat!  The decision wasn't helped by the fact there are multiple dishes the include goat cheese (Bless you Ms. Spicer).
With four of us at the table collaborating, we managed to get a great variety. (Side note: do not come here with someone who doesn't share!)
I decided on a special appetizer: fig salad with goat cheese(!) and the signature entree of salmon- the most delicious I've had!  Fresh, spicy & crisp!  
Around the table: black bean cake (flippin' fantastic), lamb chops with goat cheese (my choice for next time), and sweetbreads (unreal).
The best thing was the simplicity of the dishes.  No over the top concoctions, just out & out perfect combinations and technique.
Even though I was totally stuffed, there had to be dessert!  Mango cheesecake & honey blueberry tart....amazing!  
I have never had a better food coma!I have been blessed enough to eat in some of the most wonderful restaurants.  And, while the food was, indeed, delicious at Bayona, the service was terrible and the experience I had with the wait staff and the manager, Brian, was horrendous.   
I made the reservation more than 2 months ago, called myself to confirm our party of 5.  We arrived on time, were seated immediately and then the wheels came off the truck.  
I specifically explained to the waiter that I would like to treat my friends to some excellent wine and requested a separate check for the wine - he assured me this was no trouble at all.  When the 2005 Peter Michael Les Pavots ($450) arrived with a dry cork that the server destroyed while trying to open it and he pushed it into the bottle I refused the wine and requested another bottle.  No apology, no check in from the manager, Brian.  We then ordered another.   Throughout our meal I was asking for attention, help, and recommendations only to be blown off.  Each of us ordered appetizers, salads, main dishes and dessert...in addition to the amazing wine.  It was good food, and it was not cheap but the place treats you like they are doing you a favor feeding you...ridiculous.
When the bill arrived I was presented with a $843 check for the wine and they went ahead and added 20% gratuity for the wine on one bill and another 20% for the food....When I inquired with our server if this was customary, saying I would simply like the option to manage that tip myself especially considering the service he complained that I had ruined and sent away a perfectly good bottle of wine (that had his finger in it AND a cork floating in it.)   He added that that was their policy for parties of 5 or more - on wine?!   So, I respectfully requested to see the manager.  Brian arrived at our table and was rude, disrespectful, shouted at me and reiterated that I had sent away a perfectly good bottle of wine.  To which I responded, "I'm sure you enjoyed it in the kitchen."   He complained that he would have to try to find a way to sell it.   His rant at me, with a raised voice, was uncomfortable, inappropriate, rude, small-minded, and not at all what I would have expected from one of Susan's restaurants.   I promptly reported the issue to my hotel concierge, and will put this on yelp or anywhere else I can to warn people about the disgusting service.
Sad, Brian and the waiter should be fired.One of the best meals I've had. We did the Saturday brunch which has certain items to select from. All three courses were delicious and full of flavor. Only gripe was the lady in the front. Makes you feel like an idiot if you don't have reservations and wasn't welcoming like the other staff. Due to this, reservations recommended.In 2002, Bayona was listed among the top 50 restaurants in the world, so we went with high expectations. They weren't met. The cocktails were decent but nothing special. The food was good, but not great. The goat cheese crouton, which many have recommended, was a toasted slice of what appeared to be store-bought whole grain bread with warm goat cheese and mushrooms spread on top. It tasted good but was the kind of dish I would imagine getting at Panera. The peppered lamb loin was well prepared and delicious. The pork chop was slightly overcooked a little tough and dry. Service was mediocre. Our food got a little cold while waiting for the waiter to show up so we could order a glass of wine (he didn't show up, and we ended up flagging down the busboy). In addition, the courtyard, where we had hoped to dine, was closed, for no apparent reason, since it was a warm dry night. The dining room was nice enough, but the courtyard is clearly what makes Bayona's space appealing. Overall, it was a decent meal but nothing to write home about. They seem to have lost their edge.I finally ate at Bayona's a few months ago. I had heard about it and its famous chef, Susan Spicer, for many years. Someone even gave me her cookbook for Christmas. I was seeing a play at the Mahalia Jackson and was able to easily park at the theater and walk over to Dauphine St. to each lunch at Bayona. I was fortunate to get in because I did not have a reservation. They turned several people away after they let me in. By the time I had finished with restaurant was full (always a good sign). On Saturdays they have a special small plates lunch. Three small plates for $25. This was perfect since I wanted to try several dishes I had her about. One of those dishes is the cream of garlic soup - it was wonderful. Another that had been recommended was the smoked duck, cashew peanut butter, and pepper jelly sandwich. I probably would not have ordered if I had not heard that is was great. I am glad that I did. It was an unusual - but tasty - flavor combination. I loved it. I also got the Bayona salad with blue cheese. Once again fantastic. I must say that this was probably one of the best meals I have ever had. The setting and service was great and the food met expectations. Look forward to eating there again some day - hopefully soon.We came to Bayona for our anniversary and it was a great choice. The staff was friendly, efficient and attentive but also gave us our privacy. I had a salmon beignet with grilled salmon for the appetizer-excellent!  For our entrees my wife had red snapper which was cooked perfectly and I had rabbit which was cooked 2 ways. Always a little hesitant to get rabbit because it can be gamey but this was great. The desserts were equally good. Highly recommended Bayona particularly for a special occasion.Just ok. Don't listen to the hype on Yelp and then maybe you'll really enjoy the meal. The whole experience was not bad, but it was not amazing either. Fiancé was served out of date beer and my cocktail had a tacky straw in it. If you like pig products then you'll probably love their menu. Server was v knowledgeable on the menu. All in all though, not worth the price tag or the 10pm slot.Everything was amazing!  We were with a small group.  Had the duck livers, sweetbreads, crawfish and one other starter, and then shared the smoked quail salad, which I could have honestly eaten a full portion and been done for the night.  I enjoyed the rabbit as the main course, which was so flavorful!  Finally for dessert, I had this ridiculous brownie with salted caramel and espresso ice cream.  Unfortunately I did not document any of this in picture form, as I felt a little funny doing it in this nice restaurant.Everything was delicious here. From the specialty cocktails to the amazing desserts. I had lamb for the very first time and it was fantastic. I enjoyed mostly the specials but I got a taste of many things on the menu and I am confident that everything was amazing. I will warn you that it's not cheap. This is a dinner you'd be better off enjoying on someone else's dime! The bathroom upstairs is cute, but watch your head.Excellent again. Garlic soup is wonderful, the roasted garlic adding a touch of smoky sweetness to the dish. Carly the sommelier was helpful and knowledgeable, listened to our likes and recommended a beautiful bottle. Service was perfect overall (thanks to Billy Dawn and Kristin). Had the rabbit done two ways (forgot which) and it was done to perfection, juicy and succulent.
Looking forward to next year;s visit to New Orleans for a return.One of the best meals ever.  We had a party of six and every dish that was ordered was incredibly delicious.  This was my fourth visit to the restaurant and the food was even better than the previous three visits.  I look forward to the next time.Dinner was so good we tried lunch the following day and were not disappointed.  It is one of the top three finer dining experiences I have had in New Orleans.  Shrimp and grits and sweetbread were outstandingIt had been almost 10 years since I went to Bayona.  I just don't get to the FQ fancy restaurants that often...typical local, I know.  
I had a lovely lavender cocktail while we waited for our reserved cocktail - it was made with violet, elderflower liquer and bubbly.  So yummy I had another.  My 1st course was a special of crawfish pie; while it was fine, it was nothing super special and honestly, I've had better at festivals.  My main course was amazing though; I had the pepper encrusted tuna and it was cooked perfectly and the green peppercorns elevated it above the usual.  My dinner companions had the lamb, hangar steak, and fish.  Everyone agreed that the food was great.  We also sampled three desserts: a basic, but good creme brule, the strawberry pistachio bombe which was light and airy and not at all what I expected, and one of the daily sorbets but I can't remember the flavor.So far awful service.  Unfriendly  non smiling had to ask 3 times for bread.  30 minutes before drink order taken. Waiting on food.Superb food as you would expect from Susan Spicer.  The  3 or 4 ? course lunch deal with champagne can't be beat.  It is a beautiful classic french quarter building with a beautiful courtyard.I am not giving Bayona 1 star because the food was bad.  It was good.  
I am not giving Bayona 1 star because they took so long to cook our entrees that we had to leave before eating dinner so we could make a 9 o'clock Preservation Hall show.  (note: we sat down at 7 and when I asked when the food was coming at 8:30 they admitted they hadn't started cooking it yet).  
I am giving Bayona 1 star because they treated us TERRIBLY when we realized we would have to leave before we ate so we didn't lose our reservations at Preservation Hall.  Our server came over TWICE to tell us that it was our fault and that we should have given them notice that we had only 2 hours to finish the meal because their restaurant is SO FANCY (emphasis theirs).  (note: during the trip we also ate at Sylvain and Herbsaint, which I would recommend over Bayona and were able to finish up in well under 2 hours.  Amazingly, they can somehow be really fancy and get you out the door in under 120 minutes)
The manager also came over to shirk any responsibility and let us know that he was basically sorry we were sorry.  Thanks for that, as the person who made the reservation I wasn't already feeling bad enough.  Then, for one final kick in the ass on the way out the door, our server admitted she was a "salesperson at heart" and asked if we would be interested in buying drinks for the road since they don't sell them at Preservation Hall. No thanks, I'd rather drink the sludge on Bourbon Street then patron their business.
There are too many great restaurants in New Orleans where the staff and management actually treat their customers with kindness when things don't go exactly as planned.  I'd give them zero stars if I could.Go here. Don't just eat but meander through the adventure of dining at Bayona. The place is elegant, very New Orleans with something slightly aging about it, but dignity and this sexy sultry under-layer. Courtyard dining isn't all that uncommon in NOLA but Bayona's was the best I've seen in all of my trips. The wait staff was very knowledgeable and his descriptions of the food were nearly an artform, well above and beyond the typical "We have a lamb special tonight with potatoes and green beans."  And that lamb and mashed sweet potatoes were a work of art...the entire time I spent at Bayona was time away from the world and the hussle of the city. This will be my first stop when I get back into town.  The food had the punch of the Big Easy but the subtle flavors and textures really makes this place foodie-Goldilock's dream. Like I said, Go here.Disappointing...the fast food equivalent of New Orleans cuisine. Quite honestly, you'll probably enjoy it if you're a tourist. As someone who married into a New Orleans family and spends a lot of time here, I know the difference. 
The menu was solid, but uninspired. The service was lackluster, at best. We had to ask for drinks multiple times. The split pea soup came out with our two appetizers, after we'd complained about the lag in service. The manager, who we'd complained to, was rude and dismissive. The soup was lukewarm and tasted as if it had come out of a can. The fried oysters over warm spinach salad was ok. The shrimp, crawfish, and goat cheese in phyllo dough was seasoned well--it was by far the most interesting thing we had. We split the lamb loin entree. It was underwhelming, to say the least. It was very unevenly cooked (we'd ordered medium, but it appeared to vary from medium rare to medium well). The sides were far better than the lamb.
The atmosphere also left a lot to be desired--there was a table of drunken tourists a few tables away. Overall, Bayona is unimpressive. If you're visiting, do yourself a favor. Get out of the French Quarter and try Upperline or Jacques-Imo's.I had never been to this place when my boyfriend took me to celebrate my birthday.
First of all, the atmosphere is wonderful and romantic.  The lighting isn't too bright or too dim, it's perfect for dates.
The food was exquisite.  I had no idea what to expect, but I got the salmon and I was blown away at how wonderful it was.  The wait staff was extremely attentive and helpful.  I would definitely love to go back someday.
The place isn't cheap, but it's worth spoiling yourself on a special occasion.Bayona is easily one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. 
I came on a Monday night with a few friends and the restaurant was fairly empty. The ambiance is soft and the restaurant is not loud. 
We ordered 2 starters, 1 salad, 4 entrees, 3 desserts, 1 bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, and 1 glass of Riesling for a total of $325, not including tip.
My favorites of the meal were:
Veal sweetbreads.
Quail salad.
Duck breast. 
Braised short ribs.
I really wish I got to try the goat cheese crouton bc I never order it when I come! Will definitely make a trip back here for it!This was my second time here and I was yet again, not disappointed! The reason for dining here this weekend was for my mother's birthday and she (visiting from Rhode Island) was very very happy with her birthday celebration!
Service was impeccable! Our two waiters, David and Michael were great...attentive, without hovering...drinks always filled and great wine suggestions. 
Food was to die for! My mother ordered the pork chop (she loves pork...so this city was made for her). Although she said she wasn't going to complete her entree so she would have dessert, she couldn't even think about not finishing her entree because it was that amazing. The reduction on my hanger steak was the perfect combination of salty and sweet and then paired with the freshest grilled asparagus. Put it this way, as I write this review I am salivating. 
Sadly neither of us could squeeze in dessert since we each also had a ceasar salads which I would like to quickly speak about. Even this dish has Susan Spicer's take on it...more of a balsamic vinaigrette based ceasar dressing with a mix of romaine and arugula. Such a refreshing spin on a classic! 
So to wrap this up...spend the little extra to have an amazing dining experience that you will not regret!No doubt Susan Spicer's flagship restaurant makes some of the most innovative food in this amazing city. Her specialty - taking traditional Southern and Mediterranean dishes and giving them a unique twist that sets them apart from the norm. And it's the twists - as well as the near perfect execution of the expected - that puts Bayona a notch above many other establishments. Also, the emphasis on seasonal, local ingredients adds to the experience. 
A recent visit started for me with the chef's legendary sweet breads - the best that I have ever tasted! I selected the sherry mustard butter preparation - just enough of the said butter to accentuated the earthiness of the perfectly pan fried veal glands (yes kids, that's what they are). A base of root vegetables and mushrooms added to overall excellence of the dish. Really, this was the best part of the meal! Dining companion's Caesar salad was a bit more generic but still a very good rendition of the classic dish. The Parmisano Regiano tossed with the greens was a perfect match for the acidity of the dressing. 
My entree of Peppered Lamb Loin with Goat Cheese and Zinfandel Sauce was nothing short of excellent - slices of tasty lamb grilled medium rare in a slightly sweet sauce that married with the slightly salty goat cheese - yum all way. Slices of fried potato served with the dish didn't really add anything but were quite good in themselves. The ladies Grilled Pork Chop with Greens, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Black Eyed Peas added a bit of sophistication to classic southern comfort food. The pork chop had slightly smokey flavor and the greens were out of this world good. 
Also of note is the excellent wine list - one of the best in the city, really. A good selection from a variety of price ranges and includes several interesting offerings. I went with a Napa Valley Rhone style bland that was medium bodied, quite spicy, a little fruity, and an overall good match for the meal. 
Skipped dessert but the list did look interesting... 
So, once again you ask where is that elusive fifth star? Well, there are a couple of issues.... 
Service was a bit slow at first (it took several minutes to be addressed by the waiter once we were seated) and bit hasty towards the end of the meal. Maybe we upset someone because we didn't order dessert? Who knows. Also, as mentioned by others, the tables are a little close together and the restaurant tends to get a little loud. 
Bottom line: An excellent choice. Ms. Spicer's cuisine does not disappoint! Though is not quite a 5-star experience it may deserve more than 4 stars (so how about that 1/2 star, Yelp?) You will leave a few bucks on the table here but no more than you will at any other of the city's higher end restaurant. Highly recommended!Good food; I hesitate to say great though.  Pork chops were slightly tough and chewy, seasoned well.  The mango salsa accompany the chops was tasty.  Creamy cauliflower soup was very good.  Creamy garlic soup was great with bold garlic flavor!  Stuffed rabbit was delicious.  Red snapper was fresh tasting and cooked appropriately.  Mango flan was amazing!!  
Service was so so.  Servers were polite, but not overly friendly.  Glad we went there once to try it.  We probably will try other restaurants the next time we visit NOLA.If I could assign a 4.5* I would. So close to a 5. Food and service were impeccable. It was our anniversary and the staff went over and above to help us celebrate. My husband loved his rabbit and my snapper was delish. Excellent wine choices to boot.Hubby and I Treated ourselves to dinner at Bayona during the 2012 Jazzfest.  Lovely setting, good service.  There was a good-sized between appetizer and dinner which we didn't mind since the waitstaff was attentive during that time.  We just had seconds on our Abita Amber Ales and enjoyed the experience.
The food: good to amazing.  Good: scallop appetizer, salted caramel ice cream.  Very good: lamb in Zinfandel sauce, pork chop with Parmesan polenta (first non-desiccated pork chop I've had in a restaurant in a long time.)  Excellent:   olive oil cake with sour cream ice cream.  Amazing: fried green tomato appetizer with crawfish remoulade.  I could have had it for dinner and dessert too -- fabulous dish!   
Each dish was  beautifully plated and presented.  Obviously this is a restaurant that cares about the total dining experience, making it a good value despite the high cost.   
Highly recommended.  
(p.s. yes, the bathrooms are tiny.  Large size people will have an interesting challenge navigating them.  But they are spotlessly clean.  I've seen a lot worse in expensive restaurants.)Exceptional outdoor sitting area. I thought the service was very good and the food was worth the price.We had a terrific meal. The welcome through the goodbye, the staff was terrific.  Some would find the menus limited and eclectic, but everything was stupendous.  Loved starting off with the Smoking jacket, great cocktail, Rabbit entree, and chocolate hazelnut tart and wine pairing was a home run finish.During our most recent trip to the Big Easy we booked a reservation here and were greatly disappointed. Our server delivered a monotone memorized spiel and the whole evening did the same thing to every table in our section. She did make sure to never look at us, but to keep her eyes on the foot traffic going by in the French Quarter. Add this to the table right in the traffic zone between kitchen and dining room and it was a very poor atmosphere to dine in. The food would have rated a slightly higher score had it been warm, but alas it was tepid when it arrived at our table. 
Been to a dozen better places in the French Quarter, save your time and find somewhere else!This was a difficult review, the ambiance and service was great. Unfortunately, the food was just sub-par. Menu selections were diverse however, plates just lacked the final result. Maybe take a chance at it and try your luck?Weekday lunch review
We had been beefing up on episodes of Treme during our NOLA trip and had to try the food/chef inspiration for one of the characters. Two words: absolute perfection.
Ambiance: classy, subtle European inspired decor with both courtyard and dining room seating. 
Service: fast, knowledgable, and very professional. The Somm had an understudy Somm. Uber classy
Drinks: full bar available with wines by the glass or bottle from the "wine bible" and specialty cocktails. I had a double espresso which was served with a cinnamon chocolate almond and cube of brown sugar. Delightful.
Food:
Enter -- THE BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER EATEN -- and let me just say, I've eaten a lot of sandwiches...
Duck PB&J - oh my hell this beauty made my tastebuds sing. Rich, but not oily, duck meat in a sweet glaze with this perfectly paired sautéed onion. I had to plan my last bite to make sure this was the last flavor I appreciated before the meal ended.
Gulf shrimp - yes also delicious. That's all. 
Overall I'd definitely come back to dine.Excellent dinner with a large group of people. The waiter was fantastic and very friendly. Everybody around the table was pleased with their food (even the vegetarian, which is sort of a challenge in NOLA). My sweetbread was tasty (but not the best I have had) and so was rabbit (a sausage in a somewhat spicy sauce). The bill was reasonable for this type of place. I'll be back if I am in NOLA.Great, creative food with a touch of NOLAEver since I went on my first cruise, I found the experience so delightful, so fulfilling, so, well, for lack of better descriptors, so experientially orgasmic, that I occasionally have a very vivid dream that I'm on a cruise.  I mean I live through the whole seven day experience. I dream up new friends, crazy foreign waiters, foreign outings, drunken karaoke, injuries, the whole bit.  Like after having dreams of lost loves or finally bagging Ryan Gosling, I tend to wake up sad as I face the cold reality of my workaday, hamster wheel life.  
Ever since I ate at Bayona, I have had new dreams... dreams of tangy, perfectly cooked sweetbreads, kinky rabbit three ways,  exploding fonts of delicious spicy Spanish wines, perfect service, and basically the best of everything epicurean... you get the picture. 
Just like I was "happy with my life" before I went on my first cruise, I thought I had tasted some of New Orleans' best cuisine before I ate at Bayona.  Not so!  If you have not been, get thee to Bayona.  You will not regret it.  In fact, you'll never be the same...SATURDAY LUNCH special: 3 courses for $25 was an amazing way to get to know one of NOLA's acclaimed restaurants. They are not rigid on what you chose, so if you want all savory dishes and no dessert - you can do that too. The portions were good for sharing and delicious. The view of the street and courtyard is fabulous. Give yourself time for lunch since the pacing is spread out. Don't rush and just enjoy the food, drink and conversation. Definitely an authentic New Orleans food experience. You really feel like you're a part of a local's Saturday afternoon.The rabbit entree and the sweetbreads appetizer are some of my all-time NO favorites.This meal was like a roller coaster.  A roller coaster ride where the meal started at the apex and then slowly meandered down a curve going down.  The appetizer started off amazing!  Everything in between became more and more lackluster.
The veal sweetbreads with sherry is amazing!  If I could have three portions of just that - this would easily be a five star review.  The flavors of the sweetbreads compounded with the sherry is phenomenal.
However, one normally orders a main course after an app.  I was stoked after the appetizer expecting the same caliber of food - not so much.  Imagine when you meet someone out and about who seems to have it all together... just to find out they still live at home.  That was my main course.  So much so that I can't even remember what it was.  (Shrugs)
The dessert the table ordered was a plate full of different small bites.  Unimpressive again for my taste buds for such a lovely location and beginning.
To speak of it musically, the night started with a forte and with a steady decrescendo ended in silence for me.  Would I give it another chance?  Those sweetbreads alone would do the trick.This is my second time dining at Bayona and while the last time it was a second contender to Commander's Palace, this time it surpassed it in terms of ambiance and flavors.  Every dish that came out was more delicious than the last.  Nice wine selections.  Very satisfied!  The only complaint that I have is that this was the only restaurant that didn't automatically offer us the restaurant week menu; we had to request it.This is by far the best rabbit ive had in the world. They also had a very nice brandy selection. Would highly recommend this place to anyone.We went there for dinner, both the foods and service were phenomenal. We had a wonderful time. Everything was good but sweetbread is something not to miss.The food here was amazing.  Let me start off with that, so that you don't have to read dribble.  Seriously.  It was amazing.
The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it took 77 hours for me to get my food.  I think they actually grew the vegetables from scratch before serving them to me. 
If you have good company then you won't mind the wait for the food that gives your tongue an orgasm.Had lunch at Bayona today. Food was ok. Service was in a hurry. The worst thing was that three staff were having an argument and didn't care that I was listening. It was terribly embarrassing and I couldn't get out of there fast enough. When I came around the corner they all looked at me as if they didn't think I heard yet I was just around the corner in the dining room. Did not live up to its reputation at all. A disappointment since I short notice canceled reservations when I stumble upon it. Never coming back.Amazing. Some of the best food I've ever had in NOLA, which is saying a lot. F Emeril. Susan Spicer and John Besh should be and to most locals are the top chefs in NO.At least these two are actually in NOLA more than when something good is happening or when it guarantees them some exposure and publicity. 
Cannot remember all the food we had (my main meal there was my graduation from Tulane a year ago) but I remember a few things: sweetbreads were insanely delish. My aunt, who travels extensively, said that hers were the best she's ever had outside of Paris. I was nervous about tasting them since they are a bit funky. (won't tell you what they are if you don't know because I don't want to keep you from them) They were incredible. A slight crust on the breading but soooo tender when you bit into them. The goat cheese croutons are phenomenom. My dad, who is very Minnesota and sticks pretty much to standard meat and potatoes, actually really loved his food. Though you don't know him that says a lot. 
The experience was overall just very good. If you are a tourist stay away from Brennan restaurants (I love them but for authentic and not super typical Louisiana style food that you can get at EVERY restaurant)  go here. You will not regret it. If you are a local go here because it is amazing. In the FQ but not uber touristy. In an old FQ house. Fairly good sized but not too large. Keeps it kind of intimate but not so much that when your server walks up it feels like an intrusion you are so secluded. A little spendy but not Commander's, Emerils or Restaurant August like. 
Ask for Scott. He's awesome.Pals rave; sw-breads keep them coming & raving. But when 3-4 oz. of wine is $14/glass, AND meal is meager & 'eh' flavor-wise, I do not return. scallops: eh; caeser: strange/OK; lamb loin: VG, nice. wife's carrot cake looked like a shot glass of pineapple-threatened glazef carrot donut must have tipped over and revealed some other heretofore unknown truth....super-'eh'.
So: $$$$ does not mean great or generous, at least to us.  Dessert menu so imaginative, we just could'nt imagine dessert here. Carrot cake was a fall-back.
Service was really decent. Shouldn't have to get half-lit  to rationalize the food tab.This restaurant was strongly recommended to us by a chef friend, so we were very much looking forward to it. We were extremely pleased with the choice of dishes, the wine selection and the decor of this centrally located restaurant. The appetizer we had was veal sweetbreads, which were excellent. One of us had the barbecued shrimp--fresh and very tasty. The other had a beef dish which unfortunately contained cilantro, which the person is allergic to. We requested that the cilantro be removed--the dish was otherwise very tasty. At that point the service broke down severely. The diner was treated with disdain by the waitress. The dish was returned with the meat overdone and without the avocado originally present. The dining experience was pretty much ruined.Excellent food and service. 
Bayona was suggested to me by a friend that is a fan of fine dining so I expected good food. I was a little concerned with the reviews I saw on Yelp about the service but decided to give it a try anyway. 
A colleague and I walked up at about 7PM on a Wednesday night without reservations. The greeter was able to fit us in based on her obviously deep knowledge of the patrons. Unfortunately we were not able to sit in the courtyard but the decor inside was very nice. The patrons were generally dressed fairly well (with jackets) so you probably don't want to show up in shorts and flip flops. 
The food was very tasty. I had the cream of garlic soup for starters and a fish entree with a spicy oyster sauce. Very flavor able and well prepared. 
Their desserts were interesting but I had a glass of cognac instead and my colleague had The Chocolate Caramel Hazelnut Tart with Earl Grey Ice Cream and Strawberries. 
My concerns about the service were unfounded and we had excellent service throughout the meal. All and all a nicely refined place to have a special dinner. I've bookmarked Bayona for a return visit when I return to New Orleans.Pricy but worth it. This restaurant came highly recommended from a colleague. Make a reservation ahead of time as it's not a large space and I can imagine that getting in last minute could be difficult. 
The servers were so attentive and nice. They were very knowledgeable on the menu and wine list and had great pairing advice. 
The restaurant was very accommodating to my request for a vegetarian plate. 
Our wine, appetizer and meals were all excellent. The Arctic char fish that my husband ordered was incredible. Don't miss the goat cheese and mushroom crouton. While I felt the "crouton" could have been more of a chunkier toasted piece of bread, it seemed as if was a regular piece from a standard loaf, it was phenomenal. Love this restaurant!By far this was our best dining experience in NOLA. Everything was perfect.  Chef Susan Spicer was working in the kitchen and even took the time to say hello. Certainly will see you all again next time!This place was recommended to us by my husbands colleague. It was one of our best meals in New Orleans. The restaurant was beautiful and the staff was nice and very friendly. The menu had limited vegetarian options but the restaurant was extremely accommodating and considerate and whipped up special vegetarian entrees for us. The pepper stuffed with potato and the kale gnocchi they prepared for us was very interesting, fresh and different. I would definitely recommend everyone visiting NOLA to eat here. Great experience!Not feeling this place .  Service is very spotty.  You are welcomed to wait in a lovely sitting area but the hostess forgets to bring your drinks.  amateur hour!  By the time you are seated in the dining room, which is noisy and crowded, the menu is sparse and limited.  The redemption is in the actual food- quite good a solid three stars.  Well prepared and delivered hot.  
With all the competition in this town for dining this place needs some training up.So many pleasant suprises in this place. Gorgeous walkway to a fabulous courtyard for outdoor dining. Surrounded by lush plants and stone. Hospitable hostess working perfessionally to honor every guest request. It didn't stop there. The Goat cheese crouton app was well balance yet sharp, topped with a medley of mushrooms in a Madeira sauce. I savored every bite. The BBQ short rib was a hit as well. Boneless yet still tender. The BBQ sauce was carefully prepared not "bottled". The mushroom barley casserole left something to be desired. Pretty boring and a little dry but the brussels sprouts browned beautifully. Top notch service with a proactive manager on hand is always a good sight to see.This was the nicest meal we had on our recent trip to NO.  We had heard good things and wanted to give it a try. Better make your reservation early. We called for our reservation early on a Tuesday and 8:30 was the earliest we could get in. From what I hear, we were luck to get in on the same day!
Bayona is located is a neat little building with the entrance on the side.  Décor is rather traditional.  It's small, with seating for 50-60 at a time.  Tables were situated a little too close for my liking. We were early and waited in their small waiting area with seating for about 12.
I would rate the wait staff at 4 stars, only because they were hard pressed to keep up with the crowded room.
The food was faultless. Starting with the complimentary bread.  It was listed as some type of special flour, but I can't remember what that was. Very nice with a wonderful chewy crust.
We shared the eggplant caviar which came with toasted points. The eggplant had a great salty Mediterranean flavor. 
Next we had the garlic soup.  Made with roasted garlic, it was sweet and flavorful. I would have been happy to make my meal out of a large bowl of this soup!
For the main, my wife had the duck and I had the lamb.  Both were excellent, but perhaps not the absolute best we have ever had.  My lamb, for example, was cooked to a perfect med-rare and the sauce was a perfect complement. I enjoyed every bite, but wondered if there was something missing.  
The wine list is very good and wines, while not cheap, are reasonably priced.  We elected to get wines by the glass and were very happy with the selections available.With a show starting at 9pm last week, we called up Bayona at 7pm and they were nice enough to squeeze us in without a reservation at the last minute.  As it turned out, there was a Mayor's Convention in town that week, and as we sat there,t he place quickly filled with politicos from all over.  
We ordered first courses and wine (quail salad, caesar salad), and you started to get the feeling all these mayors hadn't had reservations either.  Started to feel like they were understaffed.  But I can't and won't complain about it since we just showed up almost unannounced, and it was clear that our server was a total professional dealing with something beyond her control.  I liked her a lot.
Anyway, what I was really psyched about and did not at all realize about Bayona was that they serve sweatbreads as a main course (and also a first course).  The only other place in town I'm aware of that serves them as an entree is La Crepe Nanou.  So I had them, and they were the best I've had in the city, and I order sweatbreads every time they're on a menu.  There was a choice of sauces, and I believe I had the mustard sherry; the other is a lemon caper, I think. 
So in short: Sweatbreads, best in city.
Took our glasses of wine to go, and went.I usually don't review based on service. Anyone could have a bad night. The food was very good but not original or awe inspiring enough to justify over other fine dining spots...or even sublime dives...in this town.  Nor was it enough to overcome the service. Again, I don't expect special treatment, and know the service industry is tough. And I even get if you pay a little bit more attention to regular customers or special diners. But I made a reservation the Wednesday before the second week of Jazz Fest and was very much looking forward to trying this place. It wasn't even yet slammed:  There was a table near us that seemed to be well to do surgeons and a family that seemed like regulars celebrating a big event. Again, I understand how the world works but have seldom ever been made to feel so unimportant and in the way in a restaurant. Our drinks would sit empty for 10 to 15 minutes while the waitress ran over to one of the other tables to top off their wine after a few sips, ignoring our polite attempts for attention.  The other table receive their appetizers and their meal before we got BREAD. I had driven 9 hours into town and was starved.  When I asked for the bread they promised after about 40 minutes the waitress huffed and said it took time for the order to work through the kitchen.  Pre baked bread?!?. I waited a Long time to try this restaurant. It will be a long time before I return.  I know I am not wealthy. I am middle class but a foodie. I will spend my precious money where I am welcome.I've been a gastro-stalker of Susan Spicer since her first restaurant, Savoir Faire in 1985. She has always delighted, innovated and nurtured-she cooks for the pleasure of her customers, not to stroke her own ego. That doesn't mean she lacks imagination or a passion to outdo previous efforts. Bayona was great when it opened over 20 years ago, but it really hit its stride the last few years. 
   When I was an omnivore, I never missed a chance at her sweetbreads, served different ways, though the sherry mustard butter version is a local legend.
As a pescetarian now, I always have delicious choices and am never disappointed. Her menu changes with the season, so instead of name checking favorite dishes, let me say I've never heard a disappointed word from any of my tables.
  All of this fine food is served in one of the most welcoming, adorable settings by a marvelous staff. During our rare mild weather spells, I can't recommend the patio enough-it is lovely.We were recommended this restaurant by a friend and we loved it. The restaurant itself was busy, but not noisy and very comfortable.  I had the best trout dish ever.
The service was a bit leisurely, but I would definitely return.Charming and warm.  Inventive dishes, yes.  I would have liked to give this restaurant 5 stars.  Everything we had was excellent, from the sweetbreads and croutine, to the pb&j duck and shrimp and grits.  I just wasn't blown away like I had anticipated.  Maybe dinner would make that happen.Take it from a local.  The BEST restaurant in the city...
I love that Susan Spicer is still a working chef.  I went to dinner there last night and asked if she was in the kitchen.  Of course she was and then she came to speak to our table.
Kudos to Susan!Lunch at Bayona was fantastic! Jane and James, our servers were amazing, and took very good care of us. The 3 course Saturday light lunch menu ($25) was not only delicious, but a very good value. I only wish it would have been a weekday to take advantage of those 23cent martinis! Overall, best meal (and dining experience) the entire trip.
As far at the stand-outs... the quail was to die for, and do NOT miss the Smoked Duck and Peanut-Cashew Butter in Puff Pastry with Hot Pepper Jelly. SO unique and so lip-smackingly deeelish!Beautiful ambience in a intimate cottage house. Service was slow, but we were in no hurry. House salad was huge and wonderful. Fresh greens, light dressing and shaved cheese chunks. $5 Bloody Mary. Martini was.28 cents! Bbq shrimp was wonderful. Different than most, but great. Served with grits and greens. Finished it off, and wanted more. Spouse ordered sweet breads. Specialty of the house, he loved it. We will be back.The food in this restaurant is absolutely great however they have a snooty and i mean snooty waitress named Joselyn whao was probably the worst waitress i have ever experienced. I asked for a martini that is made with Cafe Patrone and she said to me you can only find that at a DIVE bar. I thought i heard her wrong so i asked her to repeat her answer and she again stated you can only get that at a dive bar. I said are you sure she said i am 100% sure. She was not very pleasant and had a male partner that was ok. I was going to tell the hostess (gray hair lady) but she didn't seem much friendler. My first thing with a restaurant is good food and this place had this and i can generally can deal with sub par service but this girl was something i could not deal with.Very delayed review-I enjoyed their prix fix lunch last year. Top notch!This meal was the first meal I had where every bite was mouth watering delicious.  We started with a Cucumber Mint Julep which was sweet and refreshing and Pork Belly appetizer. My husband and I shared the dinner which was a Barramundi. So yummy.It is not a trip to New Orleans without a trip to Bayona.  This restaurant is what I consider to be the essence of perfection in dining in this country.  There are occassional lapses, but who does not have disagreements even among friends.  It is because of the love that these are so unimportant.  The important is that Bayona is truly the restaurant I wish were in my neighborhood.
First, the staff is incredibly friendly, service and hospitality oriented and generally have been at Bayona's for such a length of time that they are intimately familiar with both the food and wine and can serve you as the guide to a lovely meal.  However, this familiarity with the restaurant can sometimes leave the staff talking on the floor about things that should best not be said in front of customers; this is most evident if you are the last evening seating.  Never rude, just a bit jarring.  However, they are so good that I can overlook this.
Now about all of the positives.  The restaurant is beautiful without being stuffy or overdone.  Posh and well heeled, but with a patina of age and grace, you can go in your dinner jacket or in a tee shirt and khakis and be treated as well.  If you have the opportunity, there is an outside carriage yard for dining that affords you a chance for a lovely meal al fresco.  Highly recommended.
The food of Chef Susan Spicer can be, without exaggeration, the best in the City of New Orleans and among the best in this country.  Her touch with a beautiful pantry of Creole and Cajun flavors is both familiar and new as she reinvents combinations and eschews the trite.  This is not the place to come for blackened pork chops; but you can have the best seared rack of lamb with red wine sauce and goat cheese ever.  That's EVER.  The touch in even the small things is amazing....a brightly flavored lemony, smoky eggplant tapenade appetizer served with kalamata olive tapenade and feta cheese makes a brilliant start.  The mushroom crostini with goat cheese makes me wake up from dreams wishing for one more bite.  Do try the Garlic Soup.  Unlike imitations, her garlic soup is deeply roasted and thinned with chicken stock and thickened with bread; no cream, no fat, no oil.  Delicious and simple.
In fact, after a big meal there recently, both my friend and I commented that the meal left us both satisfied and surprisingly without the food hangover of other fattier or richer restaurants.
Bayona is my all time favourite New Orleans Restaurant, from food, hospitality and ambience.  Everything is summed up in the one piece of art that hangs in the bar now for years, "Be Nice or Leave" it says.  Life in the Big Easy is simply to be enjoyed.  Bayona makes it an art.We have a phenomenal lunch here last week on the back patio.  The setting is lovely, peaceful, the decor as well.  The tables are on some sort of cobblestone, or uneven setting, but our server helped us fix that before our food arrived.
We decided to share the goat cheese crouton with mushroom cream, a falafel salad, and a shrimp and grits dish.  All three were wonderful, lots of flavors and beautiful presentation.  Though we told our server that we wanted to share, we did not ask them to split the meals for us, but the did, and we each received beautifully presented plates.  
Great spot to dine with a date or a few friends.  We came at lunch time on a Thursday and had no reservation, but we were luckily able to get the last table on the patio.It is clear Chef was not on site. Not impressed with the menu. The dishes were mediocre. And wanted more table side service.If possible, dine on the patio.  It's surrounded by plant life, well shaded, and very quaint.  Very cool spot.  We had the $25 per person Saturday Light Lunch, which consisted of 3 tapas sized plates per person.  
Shrimp Salad with Noodles - very tasty and light.  Great way to start off the meal, as it really does taste and feel like a salad, even though there wasn't much in the way of greens (except for avocado, which is always appreciated).
Scallop with Curry - not even a big curry fan, but this was pretty good.  Scallop was cooked just right (and it was huge), and the curry wasn't too overpowering.  
Pastrami Open Faced Sandwich - Eh, this wasn't that great.  The pastrami was a little dried out, the horseradish wasn't all that hot, and the side of coleslaw/sauerkraut/whatever that was wasn't all that great.
Flounder with Grits - nothing amazing here either.  The sauce was some kind of mud sauce (I think?), but didn't add all that much flavor.  The grits were pretty good though.
Veal with Pasta - one of the better dishes, the veal was tender, juicy and flavorful.  The pasta had some sundried tomatoes.  Overall, good flavors that complemented each other well.  
Smoked Duck Puffed Pastry with Cashew Butter and Pepper Jelly - this is what Bayona is known for, and sad to say, I don't entirely get it.  Yes, I thought it was good, but not out of this world good.  I suppose they get points for the novelty/creativity of it, but I just didn't think all the flavors jived perfectly.  
The price is totally reasonable for what you get, and the atmosphere is awesome.  While some of the dishes were less than stellar, still had a really nice leisurely lunch here.  Oh, and dress up for this place.  It's on the classier side, and you'll feel like a fool if you roll in in a t-shirt and the old timers next to you have on blazers.the house of Bayona has proven the test of time.  if you are looking for really good food and excellent service for a special night out in the french quarter, this place should be on your list of considerations.  
we had perfect service and all the food was done to perfection.  none of it is cheap, but the prices of bayona reflect the location and susan spicer's culinary history.  
the garlic soup, we knew the recipe is published, but we wanted to try the original before attempting it ourselves at home.  both were good (home version and bayona tasted the same).  we also had the scallops (appetizer), and the duck.I stopped in for lunch on my last day of a recent trip to New Orleans. I was happy to see that the lunch menu is VERY fairly priced, with under-$10 appetizers and mains in the mid-teens. 
I had a friend oyster salad to start, which was nicely crusted with cornmeal and presented with a few mixed greens and halved cherry tomatoes. The oysters were tasty, but the salad was generic and the tomatoes tasteless -- no surprise this time of year. Why put imported cherry tomatoes on a salad in winter -- just use something else! The oysters were tasty but not the best I've had, although I did really like the crust. 
For the entree I had scallops with red thai rice and some other vaguely asian-fusion accompaniments. The scallops were smallish, salty and chewy - not great at all, and we had nice big tasty ones the night before at Dick & Jenny's, so it's clear they're available in the area. The purple Thai rice was overcooked and a bit gluey. 
Great service, great prices for a place with such a reputation, but the food was just so-so. I'm glad I tried it, but I'll take a pass next time. Why is fusion so popular in NOLA?The fish was good and the apricot doughnut were wonderful.The food was fine if you are willing to spend three New Orleans hours waiting for it.  I have had better food on bourbon street.  No bread until .75 hours in. No appetizers until .5 hours in. No entree 2 hours in on a Thursday night. Ambience appropriate in the 1990's....no updates since then unless you sit outside.  Forgo this for the price....for sure.Unbelievably bad! Worst experience ever. Vote with your wallet and do not patronize this restaurant.  We reserved a table for eight. When we arrived we were told you will be at two different tables. We almost left but decided to give it the benefit of the doubt. The three men in our group sat at one table and wives and daughters at another. After wine and starters, we ordered our entrees. One of the entrees was supposed to be split between a husband and wife at separate tables. Twenty minutes later two entrees in hot plates arrive at the men's table. Out of politeness the men wait for everyone else to be served. Fifteen minutes go by. Thirty minutes go by. After forty-five minutes the men ask for the manger. We watch our waiter tell the manager, Brian Baynes . He goes and hides in the kitchen rather than talk to us. We tell our waiter and other waiters no less than three times we want to speak to the manager. Another fifteen minutes go by. Finally one of the men literally goes into the kitchen and tells Brian we need to speak to him. He comes out and basically tells us to go to h_ll. He says " you should have known there would be a problem when you asked for an entree to be split." Hello? The other entrees come out now. The two entrees served one hour previous are ice cold. Brian insists it is our (the customers) fault. We tell him this is unreasonable and we don't want the food now. He again tells us to go to h_ll and a waiter brings us a check for $400. We pay the $400, give the waiter $50 in cash (whom definitely did not deserve it). and leave. We were all in shock and left hungry and angry. Look at the reviews carefully there are others with similar experiences with the current manager Brian Baynes.0 Stars for service, 2+ Stars for my meal, don't know if I'll return...
Party of 5 for a mid-evening meal and I really wasn't impressed.  I have been to this restaurant a number of times in the past and it has been pretty hit or miss.  The food is usually pretty good, nothing spectacular, but good; I just always seem to have an issue with the service.
If dinner is $400+ I don't want to:
-flag down a server for a drink, especially if it's my dates drink
-ask for a refill on water
-have to explain how a dish is prepared because the server doesn't know
-wait 30+ min after the finished entres have been picked up for my server to return
I'm pretty understanding, but this was just a poor performance with very little excuses that I could see.  The restaurant wasn't that overly crowded, they had more than enough staff (though none were paying much attention to us), and we were not the overcomplicated and needy table.  
MY OPINION, go somewhere else because it's not worth it.Food quality and ambiance was fantastic.  The portion sizes were perfect.  The table presence was a disappointment, however.  Both servers assigned our table were inattentive.  When they did come around, their presence was clumsy and uncomfortable.  Overall, our party would not return.  Despite the excellent kitchen, there are better dining experiences to be had all about the Quarter.We had two hours before we had to leave for the airport so we decided to eat close-by our hotel.  We went into Bayona (without a lunch reservation).  They were very gracious in letting us have a table, knowing we wouldn't be there long.  
I am so glad we chose this place to end our NO culinary vacation.  My husband and I both ordered lunch salads. The salads were wonderful and the menu has such delectable offerings, we were sorry we didn't come here earlier in the week. 
Everything hollers elegance at Bayona: the service, linens, ambiance, and menu.  When we make our next trip back to NO, Bayona will be the first culinary visit on our list...this time for dinner!It's such pretty restaurant; the uniquely decorated dining rooms, floral arrangements, and oil paintings. When I think of Bayona it's all flowers and delicacy here. Which means that my husband and I stand out like a couple of sore thumbs. Like two of Sissy Hankshaw's enormous thumbs, who really enjoy that cream of garlic soup. 
The garden is so lovely too. I'm saying words like, "Lovely." Lush tropical greenery- I'm tellin you! Private garden courtyard. Come on! 
If our last visit hadn't fallen on such a chilly, grey morning, wouldsa snagged them seats. It's the cutest. And you know me I'm not usually all on and on about ambiance. I care about the food, don'tcha know? Usually I'm all trying to be poignant about every restaurant meal, while editing out a lot of cursing about how great whatever dish. I love to curse for emphasis and appreciation! So the point is, to mention so, I'm a bit taken with the cottage setting, kid.
Anyway, before we first went to Bayona- on the website I clicked on the dress code link they have, out of curiosity, I mean, seriously I only have it in me to dress up so much. Only so much. The requested attire at Bayona is, "casually elegant, or business casual." The place really does carry that vibe. It feels all pretty and special, and with plenty of white haired gentlemen look businessy. It all matches. The food is well prepared, refined, fresh and with flashes of globally influenced ingredients, too.
Despite the fact that Susan Spicer's recipe for cream of garlic soup has been in my possession and repertoire for quite some time, (thank you Food & Wine Magazine), I still have to order the OG version here, every time. That golden soup is so deeply roasty, luscious and garlicky. Ridiculous. I might add that this soup  too is a warm, comforting coat for the tummy; especially for one that may have been a bit unhappy as a result of drinking antics a night before. 
And by the way, speaking of Food & Wine, I have been reading that magazine over at my Aunt's house since I was a little kid. I read about Chef Spicer as one of their Best New Chefs when I was like, 11? That's a long time ago, dude! It's been nice to be able to eat at Bayona when I grew up. The restaurant has been around for over 20 years now. It does feel like a classic French Quarter place there on Dauphine, on the street once known as Camino De Bayona, when New Orleans was the Spanish capital of Luisiana. Yeah, I took a photo of that chipped tile historical marker on the courtyard wall. 
So, I like I says, I always get the garlic soup. I've had great salads here too. For lunch though, I always get that uncommon sandwich concoction that is the Smoked Duck, Cashew-Peanut Butter and Pepper Jelly Sandwich on toast. I had to try it. Creamy, salty + smokey pulled duck+ sweet with that spike of pepper jelly: I dug it. I likes to do it again. My husband and I always end up sharing everything we order anyway, but those two are my must-orders. 
In fact, a few weeks ago we went to Bayona for the "Saturday Light Lunch"- three courses for $25. Depending on what you order it can be a really light lunch- example: the mussel crostini was one lil toast and mussel with some herbage. Salads and soups are some heartier selections. And have I mentioned the soup? Oh I have. Our server informed that the course selection groupings were just guidelines but you could even pick three of the same if you so hankered. Well, I didn't do that, but along with the perfect cheese plate, I did go garlic soup, annnd the flaky puff pastry filled with smoked duck and cashew butter with pepper jelly... even though other selections looked tempting... and bites of the ole boy's choices were super good too. I guess it's like the old saying goes, "Once you go duck, jelly and 'butter, you can't order nuttin other."I'm a planner. That's what I do, so a month before my trip to New Orleans, I already knew exactly where I wanted to eat. And this place was tops on my list. We came here on our last evening in town, and Bayona definitely lived up to my expectations. Our reservation was for 9 pm, and we enjoyed a pleasant wait outside while they prepared our table. The waiter, and I wish I remembered his name because he was great, was super attentive all night and kind of funny. He was also incredibly knowledgeable about everything on the menu and steered us in the right direction when we had questions. The food was top notch. I started with the garlic soup which I'd heard so much about and really enjoyed the flavor. Honestly, I can't remember what my main course was, but this is due to the fact that my trip was two months ago and not because the food was bad. I do remember getting the cheese plate which was a departure for me (I ALWAYS get dessert), but it was delicious and a medeira  which I've never done before either. But there was just something about that night and about the place that made me want to up the culinary ante. Of all the restaurants we went to during my visit (and there were some great ones), this is the one that was the most memorable (well, except for the main course, but, again, that's due to my faulty memory).Bayona has a great space and fabulous service. All of the food that we had was in the "very good but not great" category, excepting the sweetbreads which are worth the trip by themselves. I'd love to give it another try and eat in their lovely courtyard.Started with the crawfish , garlic soup , lamb , then Nutella . The food was all delicious!  The female server was an over the top engaging eccentric, partially obsessive compulsive and board line annoying. The meal took over three hours to complete and the wait time between courses was unacceptable . I would love to eat the food again,however I am not sure if I would endure the whole experience again to get it .The food here is superb!  I had the Duck and I literally wanted to lick the plate. My friend had the Veal sweetbreads and I think the smile on his face was the biggest of the whole trip to NOLA. He also had the quail salad and stuffed rabbit, all of which he loved.  The chef has won many awards and been featured in every foodie magazine/newpaper you can think of. For good reason, this place is amazing!  Need to dress nice, so despite the heat, make the effort....Eating vegetarian in the Big Easy isn't all that easy - and knowing this from our 12+ years of visits, we spent a lot of time before this year's vacation, researching our options & luckily we found Bayona!
Jazz Fest dinner on the docket.....you *definitely* want to get rezzies ahead of time!
Since there was no "real" veggie entree on their menu, even before we could wonder, our waiter was nice enough to make a special trip over to review their entire menu & what they would be able to offer as entrees for us veggies ( we had let them know ahead of time about our restrictions )
Started out w/ drinkys - included the Stormy Morning w/ elderflower & violet liqueur & sparkling water. Mr had the Smoking Jacket & while we both liked the whiskey & blueberry & chocolate tones, we felt this would have been a perfect after dinner drink. The elderflower was much more of a refreshing starter drinky
Split a couple of appies - 1st was the Chilled Tomato & Beet Soup. Very pungent tomato but the beets totally held their own.  A few bites into this soup we were loving it but after a few more, it started to taste like ketchup - you might want to split this soup to keep on the refreshing-side of things
2nd split was the Mushroom Crouton - all kinds of awesome. Piece of toast w baked goat cheese on it & served w marsala-marinated mushrooms
My entree was Lentil Salad w/ tomatoes & creamy goat cheese dressing. Nice vinegar taste & refreshing on such a warm night
Mr chose the Asparagus Risotto w/ Smokey Mushrooms, Zucchini, Yellow Squash. This is usually a side dish served w/ their steak option but they were kind enough to leave out the meat and we didn't have to pay the meaty price!
Creamy & lightly flavored w/ the asparagus, I found myself skeptical about the mushrooms.......they tasted to me like they had been cooked in a beefy sauce - but I will also admit that smoky flavorings always trigger my meaty-paranoia, so while this may have been a truly veggie dish, I had my doubts & did not ask to confirm
Best dessert wine EVER was the '09 Muscat Alicante Casta Diva.  I am so totally tracking this down!!! Sweet, fruity & a huge honey base. This was heaven in a glass & went perfectly w/ the strawberry buttermilk cake w homemade pistachio semifreddo
Thanks Bayona for kicking off our New Orleans visit in the yummiest way!We came here based on a recommendation from a server at Restaurant August.   It was nice and we'd come back but I prefer some of the other restaurants we ate at.  The most memorable thing here was the actual location of the restaurant being located in the French Quarter.   The inside is unique and intimate since it is a converted house.   It looks like you need to make reservations since the place was packed.   You should eat here if you are visiting NOLA and enjoy eating at fine restaurants.We heard the food was good so we decided to try Bayona but had a horrible experience... The entire meal took over 2 hours, not including any type of dessert (who knows how much longer that would've taken!).  Our appetizers were good and the service started out great, but after that things went down hill quickly.  It took more than an hour to receive our entrees and when we did the pork was so over cooked that it was dry and tough.  The waiter started to walk up to our table but turned around when he heard us talking about how disappointed we were... He never came back to our table.  We finally got up to talk to a manager and he had a bit of an attitude asking why we didn't tell our server then huffed saying he would take it off our check.  No apology and no attempt to make things better.  We had a bill exceeding $400 and he treated us like we came in to eat bread and water.  It was very disappointing and we will never go back to Bayona.The best surprise of our recent visit to NOLA. Loved the food, atmosphere and everything about it. The service was excellent but the food was the best of our week's visit!! The atmosphere is so cool as well, atrsy and chic but. Very comfortable and homey....great place!!I think we are not cool enough for this place. Service was polite. Maybe they had a bad night in the kitchen, but at that price, they can't really have a bad night. Can't give it a second chance. Expected quaint and romantic. Got loud and obnoxious. We had salads and entrees. My wife had the salmon. We requested it be cooked thoroughly. Apparently, the chef's palate trumps the guest's. We need our fish done. Ours was raw, smelly, and mushy. I opted for the beef selection. A Hangar steak. With all the hoopla over the establishment's take on sweetbreads, I'm afraid I may have crossed a line. Hangar meat is gristle with flavor and fat. Not enough flavor to justify expectorating into a cloth napkin.  We researched to find out  it is diaphragm meat... diaphragm, bull business, is there a difference? It was gross. Quite flavorful, but like trying to ingest a jacks ball. Chew, chew, chew, spit. I really got worked up over this one. Two glasses of good wine. $24., Caesarlike salad and House salad, $18., Raw salmon mush, $30. Cow business, $33. Tip and disappointment $135.00 for two who left hungry.
Did I mention the table behind us? Loud and obnoxious!I had dinner at Bayona last Friday night and have to say that I was REALLY disappointed with the service and really pleased with the food.  Let me summarize the night for you:
9pm- I have a 9pm reservation for 2 and arrive at exactly 9pm.  I'm told that it is going to be a bit of a wait.  "No problem," I think...I'm in no hurry, let's grab a cocktail.
9:30pm- First round of drinks finally arrive from the cocktail waitress who is running around like a crazed woman trying to get drinks for everyone who is waiting on their table (which didn't make for much of a relaxing atmosphere).
9:45pm- Yay!  Our table is finally ready.
10pm- Our order is placed (nearly an hour after our reservation)
10-11:30pm- It takes an hour and a half to serve us an appetizer, salads and our main courses, with at least 10-15 minutes between us finishing a course and the next one arriving.
So, once the food did arrive it was absolutely amazing.  I had the duck and my husband had the rabbit.  The entire meal was excellent.  
However, the service was so far below par (especially for a pretty nice place), that I'd definitely recommend going somewhere else.  The cocktail waitress was the only one who apologized for the slow service the entire evening or for that matter, even acknowledged that it was unreasonably slow.  I know this is New Orleans, but give me a break.  There are a ton of other good restaurants in the city, so I wouldn't waste your time at Bayona.When there's a special occasion, this is the place that I want to go to. I only go for lunch, b/c they have the most amazing duck pb&j. When I tell people about it, they're usually hesitant, but then they taste mine and are instant converts. I believe it has cashews butter and maybe pepper jelly? It's phenomenal, and my mouth waters now thinking about it. The sweet breads are also fantastic; they get it just right with the size and delicate, flavorful sauce. I feel a little stuck in my ways just getting those two dishes every time, but I'm always more than satisfied with them. The staff is also very  accommodating, and the place gives off old New Orleans charm. I can't wait for another reason to go back.This place has become a tourist trap.  Susan Spicer needs to pay attention to the front end of her restaurant.  They do NOT honor their reservations so unless you want to stand and wait... I would recommend that you spend your money elsewhere.  The table next to us asked if our service was as bad as theirs.  This is NOT a good restaurant anymore.Went here our 2nd night in NOLA and was very impressed by the entire evening. Bayona is a quiet restaurant about a block from Bourbon which you barely see unless you are looking for it.
Food: hands down the best I have experienced in new orleans. Highly recommend the peppercorn lamb with goat cheese and zinfandel sauce. Even the green beans were cooked to perfection. Lobster risotto and flank steak were also fantastic. 
-5 starts!
Service: Excellent, clearly very upscale but without the uppity attitude.
-5 starts
Location: beautiful, we didn't get out  to check out the courtyard which looked beautiful thanks to the weather, and the inside was simple and a converted townhouse.
-3 stars
Overall one of the best meals i've had! Highly recommended.The perfect place for our last lunch in beautiful New Orleans. Our party of 6 had the pleasure of sitting in the garden courtyard to enjoy the "Light Fare" lunch menu with gorgeously selected courses. Between us, we had the Bayona salad, Caesar salad, mussels, rabbit cavatelle, falafel, pâté, chocolate mousse, House sherbets, and a surprising dessert plate that involved duck. Each course was the perfect portion without feeling too heavy. The overwhelming description for everything was "Bright" with citrus notes -- a happy foil to the rest of our very heavy, gluttonous meals throughout the trip. I can't wait to return to try out dinner. (Brava to the Female-led Kitchen!! )My wife and I had lunch, nice atmosphere in what appears to be an old home in the French Quarter. We started off with the garlic soup for my wife and I had the turtle soup both were excellent. I had the butter fish which was cooked perfectly and my wife had the mushroom ravioli which was excellent. The food was truly incredible. The service was slow and the two people assigned to our table were not trained to serve and frankly I do not think they cared.Been to Bayona twice during my most recent nola visit - once with boyfriend, once with friend and boyfriend, and the food (while I ordered the same thing both times, the salmon) is my favorite in nola.
While the service the second visit wasn't great (but the courtyard was!), the food is always so good it makes up for it.  We'd made reservations at muriels for a friends first visit to nola in a decade, and as usual, were having difficulties finding places that served non gulf (or fried, or stuffed) fish, so I knew that bayona would be a safe bet (cancelled muriels).
She ordered the salmon too and loved it (its served on top of a sauerkraut that doesn't involve meat), and while I forget what my boyfriend ordered (some meat, probably pork), he loved his as well.
If you're looking for somewhere that has fantastic non cajun/creole food options, and also a great courtyard (and indoors ambiance, albeit more formal), bayona is always a safe bet!Dined here last night.  Although busy with visitors to New Orleans, sadly this restaurant seems to be in decline. First, for the good, before dinner cocktails were superior.  Little else stood out when measured against the standards that should apply to this level of dining.  While the courtyard is still beautiful, interior furnishings are taking on a threadbare look.  We were asked to wait in the small lounge area for our reserved table, but all its tables were cluttered with glasses left by previous patrons and, with no staff in that space, I had clean an area for those dining with me. Once seated in the dining room, the speed of table service was glacial, with long delays to take orders and to receive entrees - one of which arrived cold, apparently due to a delay in delivery to table.  (While the kitchen staff may have been willing to warm it up, after an hour long wait, you really don't want to see food go off the table.)   Food items were, by and large, cooked past the level ordered with medium orders arriving decidedly medium well.  Items were, however, seasoned well and very tasty.   Bayona's Susan Spicer has long been one of New Orleans' finest chefs.  Perhaps she is now stretched too thin with multiple restaurants and other ventures.  Hopefully, she will give more attention to standards at her flagship establishment and bring it back to the level for which it has been known.Bayona was definitely the culinary highlight of a recent trip to New Orleans.  My friend and I reserved a spot through OpenTable and we were lucky enough to snag the last table in the outside courtyard area.  The weather was perfect, and the other patrons seemed very happy.  I felt as thought I was eating in France or Italy -- a foreign country in which the pace is noticeably slower.
I adored the quail salad for my appetizer, and my fish entree was cooked absolutely perfectly -- moist, flaky, and well-seasoned.  Service was attentive without being pushy.  After a relaxing, nourishing meal, we set out to experience a very different part of New Orleans: Bourbon Street, which we could hardly believe was only a block south from where we were.My date and I went to Bayona for the Saturday lunch where you can order three small plates for twenty-five dollars.  I ordered the garlic soup which was creamy and garlicky and quite delicious.  I loved the crunchy bits of garlic floating in the soup.  We both ordered the Gambas al Ajillo with smoked potato stuffed in piquillo pepper.  This dish was amazing and beautifully plated.  This dish was wonderful with hints of garlic and pepper.  The stuffed peppers were simply delicious!  I then ordered the cornmeal crusted floulder with pimiento cheese and grits and greens.   This was wonderful!  The grits were so delicious and cheesy with just enough spice from the pimiento.  The flounder had a bit of crunch to it, but a tad bit salty, but all the same delicious.  The greens were spicy and very, very tasty.  My date ordered the rabbit and dumplings and he quipped that this was his favorite dish he had in New Orleans.  It was beautifully plated with small spoon sized dumplings on top of the very meaty rabbit stew.
  We had a reservation for 11:30 and were promptly seated at a nice table by the window.  The service was extremely good.  Throughout the lunch we had three people waiting on us!
  Our favorite restaurant!Ughhhhhhh.... We had a reservation but were a little late aka 10 mins I guess that means back of the line we sat happily in the front I asked for a drink it never came but finally we got sat... Waited the guy who gave us water was nice.. Our server Ashley was nice too but come on I'm here 3 hours no food... The manager just came up to me and was so inappropriate so rude....he tried to strong arm me by claiming the police were comingVery disappointing meal due to slow, slow service.  Got drink order wrong. Three of us served while the fourth person waited a good 15 minutes longer for her appetizer even though it was the same as another member of our party. Check was calculated incorrectly. Food was good, not great. Would not recommend.Some of the best food I have eaten in my entire life.
A staple every time I go to the big easy.
The Smoking Jacket is... Epic.
High-end? Yes. Worth it? More than. 
Go. Just go. You will thank me later. :)For starters, be prepared to wait even when you have a reservation.  The atmosphere is comfy and homey feeling.   It was cool that the chef will come around, she knows her customers and thats nice to see.  I tried flat bread for the first time, it was really good!  After trying it we asked what it was made out of, try it first, then ask, otherwise you might not try it at all! Ha!  We ordered two entrees, and in New Orleans, you must try the fish, it was really amazing!Cashew butter.
Pepper jelly.
Duck breast.
Sandwich.
Go to Bayona for lunch and eat it and be full and fat and happy.Appetizer:
1. Sweetbread--this is why i gave the restaurant a 4 star rating. Soft and melting. Note that this is not bread but rather some kind of gullet or stomach meat. The texture is like snail only less chewy.
2. Onion pie--A friend ordered it and I had a bite. It's just so-so.
Entree:
Rabbit stuffed with sausage with smothered greens(see pic): the rabbit was very tender, and the sausage in it gives it a variety in texture and flavor. I would give it a 3.8 rating.
Dessert:
1. Chocolate Caramel Hazelnut Tart with Earl Grey Ice Cream and Strawberries -- the ice cream was amazing, and is a nice side to the tart. The tart itself is very heavy and creamy.
2. Mango Cheesecake Flan with Pistachio Crust and Blackberries -- although mango flavored flan is rare, the flan on the whole is ok. The texture is closer to cheesecake than to the light flan, and thus not for someone who prefers a more jello-ish texture.
3. Carrot Cake--Ordinary only.
The service was great. Waiter very helpful and nice and willingly to accommodate.Very intimate setting, waiters were very nice and helpful although they should be for the price you're paying. The food was worth anything, I wish we could have sat outside, but the weather was against us. My dad being a vegetarian was a little put off from the menu since everything involves meat, we mentioned this to our waiter and he explained how Susan Spicer(the owner) was here and would be happy to make a special dish for him...I wished I had ordered that because it was amazing. Definitely come here but don't expect to eat fast, talk amongst friends and enjoy the experience.Some of the best food I have had in New Orleans! Our server was super knowledgeable and attentive adding in recommendations that really made the meal! Though the menu seems to be meat heavy and not fit for vegetarians, the kitchen was incredibly accommodating and made some fabulous dishes for us! I would go back in a heartbeat!Went  to Bayona based on some  yelp reviews and also on an episode of Best thing  I ever ate on Food network. Frankly I just wanted to get the garlic soup but wound up being seating in the dining area. The room is old school like a Creole dining room, but seems a little tired. there is a lovely courtyard and if it were a bit warmer that where I would want to sit. Our server was very enthusiatic, at least until he realized we just wanted soup and some apps. But he offered good service regardless. The garlic soup which is a signature dish is amazing. Full of pan roasted garlic which has been pureed and mixed with bread and cream to thicken it. One of the best soups ever, and Im a soup junkie. We also had the sweebreads app which was  done in a piccata style with lemon and capers. Great flavor and the sweetbreads were tender and delicious. I did look at the wine list which is very good, but has a 300 percent markup on some wine, which I think is excessive. 4 stars for the experience , would have been 5 but the ambience and some serving gaffes made it 4.  Go for the soup but if you want to spend a lot of  money on dinner, there are better places in NOLA.Dopest lamb in the quarter. I give it 3 hand grenades up. Wine list blew my dome to pieces.I have been to Bayona many times and have always been eager to return.  This time, no. Clearly Susan Spicer was not in the kitchen!  Our food was served raw despite be ordered medium; really, raw pork??? Our server was no where to be found to help fix things.  Another server helped us
 and said let's start this over.  Apparently that meant reheating the same meat to rare this time.  Noting approached medium.  
Even though we were vocal in our disappointment nothing was done to remedy the situation, we were told "this is how the kitchen does it",  No office of a drink or dessert to help make things right.   Such a disappointment, it was the first reservation I made when I planned this trip to NOLA.Our waitress, Jane maybe, was fantastic! So knowledgable! Cream of garlic soup was great and the pork chop was to die for. Went great with a good recommended bottle of affordable red wine!My wife loved the Garlic soup and the sweet potato brioche (maybe the best bread we've ever had).   My salmon was perfectly cooked and my wife loved her pork chop.Bayona was just OK, not the 5 star excellence I expected. Service and ambiance were very nice - quite lovely actually.. Food good, not great. The specifics: My warm radicchio appetizer was excellent, the highlight of my meal. My companion's shrimp appetizer was served in a most inartistic manner. Tasty but most unappealing. My pork chop entre was fine but nothing special. Just a pork chop. No special glaze, sauce, etc. The accompanying whited spinach was so over-salted it needed to be returned to the kitchen. My wife's "wild" salmon had a bit of an off, fishy taste. Bottom line, with all the great places to eat in New Orleans we will not return.I did not order a starter and had the rabbit roulade as my main (a bit light portion-wise but delicious).  My companion had the Caesar salad (overdressed but the dressing itself was tasty) to start and the Alaskan salmon main (good).
For dessert we shared the carrot cake, which came out in an orb covered in frosting.  I had ordered it thinking it would be a traditional cake, but it came out looking more deconstructed than traditional.  The dessert course was the most disappointing -- the orb was difficult to penetrate (like frosting that hardens if you leave it out), and the cake itself was very dry.  Also, the accompaniments on the plate (diced pineapple and dried, cut carrot) were appalling.
Overall, the food (dessert course excepted) was pretty good but the service was incredibly underwhelming.  Our waiter did not check on us in over an hour (we were here for 2 hours total) and neglected to refill our wine glasses.  When we finished that atrocious dessert the bus-boy came over to refill our wine glasses because we had more than half a bottle of our wine left.  Our waiter's negligence was unacceptable.Very disappointed! I ordered the beet salad, it was flavorless canned beets on field greens with a few Parmesan flakes & too much salt. Next the shrimp starter w/black bean cake. It was rubbery salty & a little funky tasting. Needless to say I stopped there.  Would not recommend or return.Very slow, but friendly service. Food tasty but neither appetizer nor main courses were hot when served.  Third visit but first for dinner. No longer on my list of favorites.Excellent restaurant avec une cuisine délicate et savoureuse. 
Recommandé par tous les guides aussi bien français qu'américains, j'ai réservé une table pour deux avant que les festivités de Mardi Gras ne commencent de peur de ne pas avoir de place. Je n'ai pas regretté. 
Nous nous sommes régalées les papilles de l'entrée au dessert. 
Un seul petit bémol : nos plats principaux ont tardé à venir et du coup mon canard n'était pas assez chaud à mon goût.We went there for lunch right before the start of jazz fest and were very underwhelmed.  The service was so slow that we almost left and I kind of wish we had.
I will say the salads are good but actually, and I know this sounds a little crazy, too big.  I guess that's a good thing considering it was a pretty expensive lunch.  I was really excited to try the duck pb&j and I was super disappointed.  The bread was burnt and there was so much jelly on the sandwich that I had to eat it with a knife and fork as the bread was too soggy to pick up.  I ended up just eating the duck and trying to wipe off the excess jelly.
I can't really remember what my husband had except that it was just okay.  Our server had some lame excuse for taking twenty minutes to take our order and get drinks like "it's jazz fest soon."  You didn't know this already?  That's why, at a restaurant of this reputation, you would prepare ahead, right?  Have extra staff on hand and not have customers wondering where their food is while they watch the chef take photos with other customers and sign copies of her book.
I don't think I'd try this place again when I know how much it costs.  Too much of a risk, especially considering how many excellent restaurants there are in NO for much cheaper.Overal our prix fix unch took over 2 hours and the courses really were sub par from our many previous experiences. The duck in puff pastry was dry and tasted like leftovers mixed with filler, more like a stale thanksgiving stuffing with little or no actual duck. The ricotta tart also tasted like it had been frozen and not fresh, dense and dry inside. For the quality and flavors we have come to enjoy and expect from Bayona lunches and regular menu, this visit was a total disappointment, an expensive disappointment, and I think the chefs and management needs to know.  And while I emailed them to respond and make good, no reply was ever provided. Shame on you, Bayona.I get to NOLA about twice a year.  The Smoked Duck Breast PBJ is like Christmas!
The service is great and a great off-the-Bourbon-street-path locale to enjoy creative New Orleans cuisine.We had a superb brunch today at Bayona. The manager, Shannon presides over a professional and highly disciplined wait staff. The kitchen produces a three course small plate menu. But you are not limited to an appetizer, entree and desert.  Have three deserts if you want or two and one. As long as it adds up to three, knock yourself out. I had a pear salad, the mussels and the mahi-mahi. It was all perfectly prepared and presented. The restaurant is also elegantly appointed and is an almost 30 year fixture in the French Quarter. Highly recommend.First off - I really don't know why a lot of reviews on here have their panties in a twist about the prices "Go for lunch, dinner is too expensive" Really? Entrees are under 30 bucks, Starters go for 10-15 bucks - pretty mid-range prices actually, especially for the French Quarter and also a good deal for a rotating menu. 
Bayona is tucked away in the French Quarter on Dauphine and Conti - right next to a hotel in a charming red building - once inside you have your mix of antiques on the walls, wall murals - kind of quaint "I feel like I'm at my grandparent's" furniture. 
Service isn't snobby at all, the waiter was quick to point out what he thought was the best with a few quips - they have their classics menu and then a rotating daily or weekly menu - for starters i had the Goat Cheese Toast with Mushrooms in a Madeira sauce which was wonderful and the Salmon Trio (nightly special) with seared salmon belly, salmon and cream cheese puff pastry, and salmon hushpuppies(kind of) - which was great. 
Then for a salad I had the Crispy Smoked Quail with Bourbon Molasses - which i wasn't too crazy for - you got an overabundance of quail but with the choice of mixed greens and the sweet apples and molasses based vinaigrette - it was missing an element. Too much sweet, too much savory. 
As for entrees I had the nightly special was the Rabbit Roulade and Buttermilk fried rabbit leg with leek mashed potatoes - the roulade was kind of fatty which I didn't care for but the fried leg and the mashed potatoes were wonderful. My dinner companion had the peppered lamb loin with goat cheese and mashed sweet potatoes - which was awesome - the goat cheese made a nice counterpart with the lamb and the mashed sweet potatoes were sweet and airy. 
Dessert - my friend had the Molasses Semolina Cake which tasted odd to me but she liked it - I had the Hazelnut Chocolate puff pastry - which I didn't like very much because it just tasted old. 
It was a great experience overall - the starters and entrees were wonderful, although the salads and dessert could have been a bit better - now I know what not to order next time. Susan Spicer was in the kitchen that day and was autographing her books and such and she seemed like a very friendly person. Service was friendly and on point. And the fact that the specials are different nightly brings something new to the table every visit. 
So go for dinner, it really won't break your wallet.Very comfortable setting with class. Sweetbreads! Thanks Chef Spicier.Our last meal in New Orleans and picked purely on strength of Moon guidebook. Glad we did! Scallop starter was a standout. Flounder on a shrimp and corn risotto was fantastic. The lamb loin in zinfandel sauce is one of their standards but I only thought it so so. Service was great and it didn't feel overly 'stuffy' as some reviewers thought.To start with...the cocktails here were amazing! Had a smoking jacket and royal dauphine, loved them both. The goat cheese crouton was good. The cream of garlic soup was AWESOME. The tripletail entree (fish) was perfectly cooked with great taste. The duck breast entree was also good, but I wasn't blown away by it. Don't skip the fried hot chocolate dessert, one of the highlights of the meal. Service was great, our waiter was very friendly and chatted it up with us a bit. We came on a Monday evening and there was plenty of space, reservation was probably not needed. All and all, yes it's pricey, but pretty awesome.Loved the cucumber julep cocktail as well as the beet and fig salad.  However, our entrees took forever to arrive.  My redfish was overcooked and there was barely a trace of sauce on the plate.   A restaurant with this kind of reputation should be able to cook a killer piece of redfish.  My husband's pork chop with greens and stone-ground grits was pretty good, but not very inventive.  I just don't think it is worth the hype and the price.Had a very nice dinner here with the hubs. Started off by ordering the sweet potato brioche as our "bread basket" instead of the wild flour bread they offer complimentary. The brioche was very tasty. We shared the goat cheese crouton starter, which had mushrooms in Madeira cream sauce. This was also very tasty, with the cream sauce being a stand out. I had the seared duck breast for dinner, and hubby had the sausage stuffed rabbit. Both dishes were solid. The big disappointment, and reason this doesn't earn a 4th star, was dessert. Our server really talked up the pecan pie and it was awful. It was like a plate of runny chipped nuts. Normally pecan pie is whole pecans on top of a caramelized custard layer. This was not at all like that, and hubby and I left the majority of it untouched. A very disappointing end to an otherwise good meal. The ambiance here is a little more formal than any of the other places we visited during our stay in NOLA. I think it is a good place for special occasion dinners as the place feels very upscale and special.I cannot express how amazing this restaurant is! Susan Spicer is a culinary genuis. If you don't choose Bayona, you are missing out!! The ambiance feels like old New Orleans swankiness.
FOOD & WINE - I highly recommend the sweet breads (either as appetizer or main course) as well as the quail and walnut salad (this thing is amazing!). The wine selection is top notch and well priced. For example, the Moises Pinot Noir is on the list for $75/bottle. This is a fantastic wine made in Oregon by a local New Orleans doctor. So, why not order an amazing "local" wine with your insanely delicious food? 
SERVICE - The service was fantastic! (We had 7 people and they split checks for us without issue.) You will never be upset that you went to Bayona! 
RESERVATIONS - But, be sure to make your reservation ahead of time, it can be hard to get in. (the only downside is that they aren't open on Sundays.)The king salmon was the best I ever ate! Huge portion and very crispy on both sides of the fish with melt in your mouth center. The sides were delicious that it came with. Ordered the crabmeat salad before entree and it was excellent with good amount of fresh crabmeat. Very light dressing and the portion was huge as well. Great cab wine schug! 
Friends had sweetbreads they raved over it.  This was our first time trying Bayona.This was a pretty disappointing experience. I lived in New Orleans for 4 1/2 years through 2003 when Bayona was one of the best restaurants in the city. I went with 2 friends who have lived in NOLA since that period (or before); all of us have great respect for New Orleans restaurant culture and plenty of experience eating great food in New Orleans restaurants..
The meal was not awful, but there was a great deal of underperformance.
The worst offense came fairly early after I ordered a potato and artichoke soup, a special. When the waiter delivered the dish, one of my friends, noting the smell of the soup, extracted the acknowledgment from the waiter that they had run out of potato/artichoke soup and had instead brought out a chicken soup of some sort. I asked them to take it away and instead asked for the garlic soup my friends had ordered, which was okay, but not amazing. I don't fault them for running out of a special. I do fault them for deciding my order and putting the burden on the customer to a) find out about the unrequested substitution and b) order an alternative. They didn't bring out another menu and certainly didn't apologize.
Other aspects of the meal were also lackluster. My main course, a red snapper dish, tasted fine, but was room temperature and had obviously been sitting out for 10-15 minutes at least. One of my friends said her dish was also lukewarm, rendering one of the side dishes inedible. Other shortcomings that might otherwise have been overlooked included that the waiter had no idea about the difference between competing bottles of Sancerre wine. We were also seated about 30 minutes after our reservation time. Again, this would have been excusable if the rest of the experience had lived up to expectation.
All in all, the 3 of us were all just really disappointed. Susan Spicer enjoys a lot of good will among NOLA residents for producing innovative, great food all these years and for standing by the city through thick and thin. As a former resident, I have fond memories, not only of Bayona, but of other Spicer creations that have changed hands (Herbsaint) or evaporated (the late great Spice Inc. in the Warehouse district). I live in New York now, so I'm used to mediocre, overpriced restaurants. But that won't fly in New Orleans, at least not with locals.As always, Bayona was incredible. It's been a long time since I've visited, but the food, ambiance, and service have remained top notch. The dining room is classy without feeling stuffy, the service is attentive without being pushy, and food is delicious and creative without being too cute. The mainstays of the garlic soup, sweetbreads, and goat cheese crouton with mushrooms were perfect. The crispy quail salad, Bayona salad, and sweet potato brioche were delightful as well. Moving on to entrees, the mainstay artic char was perfect, as were the duroc pork chop with balsamic chipollini onion and the pastrami smoked flat iron steak.  For dessert, the pear bread with poached pear is perfection. Not over the top sweet, but just enough to finish off a great meal. Bayona is a classic New Orleans restaurant and will remain one for a long time because of how well they deliver great food in a relaxed and comfortable atmosphere, with professional and engaging service.My friend and I sampled the January fixed price lunch special. I must say, I have had better at this fine dining French Quarter establishment. While the sparkling wine was overflowing, the dish I sampled was shallow on flavor. I ordered a rabbit pasta dish which consisted of a few dry strips of meat tossed together with wide fettuccine noodles and a small amount of cream. The cup of soup that preceded the meal was far superior to the main course. The wait staff, who were numerous, was very attentive, so I can at least say the service was good. If you go, try the seafood. They always seem to get that right.My wife Lynn had to attend a conference in New Orleans . . . the National College of DUI Attorneys (I ask you, what better city?) . . . so it offered a perfect opportunity to return to one of our favorite restaurants, owned by one of our favorite chefs, Susan Spicer's Bayona.
We arrived at the Louis Armstrong International Airport a little after 2:00 in the afternoon and, once we safely retrieved our bags, I called Bayona from the cab to confirm our dinner reservations for that evening. After checking into our hotel (the truly wonderful International House, Lynn and I walked the three blocks to the Acme Oyster House for a couple of dozen on the half shell and some Abita Amber beer on tap, a smooth, flavorful Mnchen-style amber brew that is just hoppy enough to perfectly accompany a variety of New Orleans' staple foods.
A walk around the quarter, a change of clothes, and we walked the eight blocks to Bayona. Arriving a little early, we sat in their waiting area and enjoyed a glass of
2001 Domaine de Piaugier Ctes-du-Rhne Villages "Sablet" (Rhne, France): A blend of approximately 80 percent Grenache and 20 percent Syrah, this is a medium-bodied, supple wine that is very forward and aromatic in the nose, generous without being flabby or fat on the palate and quite flavorful on the palate and moderately-long finish. A comfortable wine to "slip into" the evening that awaited us.
We began with an Amuse bouche of crawfish in a curried sauce, baked in phylo dough and served with a tomato coulee. Crispy, deliciously flavorful and gone all-too-quickly, Lynn and I both knew we had nothing to worry about when it came to this meal!
I moved on to a supremely seductive Cream of Garlic Soup, amazingly rich and flavorful, but just when it expect it to be full-bodied and almost heavy, the wine seduces you with its lightness and delicate subtlety. (If it sounds as though I'm laying it on a bit thick, all I can say is this soup is a real winner!) Meanwhile Lynn selected the Seared Scallops with Brandade Croquette, Arugula & Black Olive Vinaigrette. The scallops were cooked to perfection, among the best I've ever tasted. (Lynn let me have one bite, but only one bite.)
With the time change and everything, we decided to share the salad course, and ordered the Crispy Smoked Quail Salad with a Bourbon Molasses Vinaigrette. If a salad can ever be called "rich," this is it! The perfectly smoked quail was succulent and flavorful, rich and tasty as only quail can be, while the vinaigrette was rich and flavorful, perfectly balancing the natural sweetness of the molasses with the acidity from the vinegar. Awesome!
For our entres, Lynn opted for one of Susan Spicer's signature dishes, Veal Sweetbreads in a Sherry-Mustard Butter, while I selected one of the evenings specials, the Buttermilk Fried Rabbit Leg & Tenderloin in a Creole Mustard and Tasso Sauce with Stoneground Grits. Bayona is justifiably known for their sweetbreads, and this certainly did not disappoint. The sweetbreads were lightly crispy on the outside, moist and tender inside, with the light piquancy from the sherry and mustard balancing the natural richness of the butter and the sweetbreads themselves. Major Yums! As for "thumper," I cannot recall ever having rabbit this good -- and I love rabbit! Succulent, tender, lightly spicy (enough to bring out the flavor without hiding it under "heat") We were in heaven!
And the wine we selected from their excellent list turned out to be a perfect match . . . .
2001 Savigny-les-Beaune, Domaine Jean-Marc et Hugues Pavelot (Burgundy, France): I have to start out by saying we began with this wine with our appetizers, the garlic soup and seared scallops, and finished it some two hours later with the last of our entres. Over this time, the wine opened and changed beautifully. It began with a translucent cherry-red color, clear and brilliant to the eye; the bouquet was light and filled with delicate rose petals and cherry blossoms, with cherry fruit; on the palate, the wine was medium-light in body, satiny in texture, with lots of fruit in the mouth and with a long, lightly tart finish. Just wonderful! As it opened (not decanted), the wine took on weight, shed some of its baby "freshness" and became more "serious," with more depth, earth and spice in both the wine's aroma and flavorful palate, perfectly suited to the flavor profiles of the veal and rabbit. A great wine, with a perfectly excellent meal . . . .
* * * * *
As far as things like "good for kids" is concerned, doesn't that depend on the kids?  Our kids (11 and 12) would love it, but they also love places like Chez Panisse and Lalime's in Berkeley; my brother-in-law's kids, on the other hand . . . I shudder at the thought!
As far as attire is concerned, the website says "business casual," and that's about right.  But every time I've been here, there is a great mix of people -- all ages, and all locations (i.e.: locals and tourists alike).SO I get invited by a friend to eat at the famous Bayona. One of the restaurants that I have been meaning to try, just always forget to make the reservation.
We get there, get seated, and there is some type of argument going on at the table next to us...obviously belligerent drunk guy is yelling and cussing at the table next to him. Calling the women C_N_T_  and the all sorts of ridiculousness...his girlfriend is alternating between loudly calming him down and whispering things to egg him on.
The other table is obviously ignoring him.
Normally I wouldn't hold this against the establishment, after all this is the French 1/4, but after 10 minutes of listening to this, not only does the Management do NOTHING, but as we are leaving (we walked out before eating or drinking--I was going to kill this punk if he talked to my wife that way) my host, a regular, remarks to me that he is absolutely certain the girlfriend egging this moron on is an employee of the place, a bartender or waitress.
Shame on you Chef Spicer, your piss poor management and staff are pathetic. I hope you make as much tourist money as possible, because I can assure you that this will not be tolerated by us locals!!!!!!!
I will not return, and I can assure you that no one I ever talk to will want to come here.A favorite. Chef just knows what things taste well together. Never too fussy or self-conscious, just really high quality. Salmon, the black bean cake, the sweetbreads, it's all good. The deserts are not always up to the standard of the rest of the menu, but that's minor quibble.I won't forget the meal I had here for a long time:
- cauliflower soup with almonds and lemon something (on the specials menu, Jan '13)
- crispy smoked quail salad 
- Arctic Char with choucroute, green beans
It was a little more food than I needed (quail salad is surprisingly filling) but I was so curious about each dish (and considering Corporate Papa was paying) went for all three. I didn't regret it. 
If I went back to this restaurant again, I would definitely get the quail salad--it's enjoyable for both taste and texture. The Arctic Char was done perfectly. It was my first time to have this fish, which is a little like salmon, but less "fishy." Ah, that flaky, herb crust on it...
Service was great too. When we expressed interest in a Malbec-like wine to go with the mix of meats (quail, fish, etc.!) on the table, they recommended an excellent wine (can't recall it now, sorry).working in the area, i only was able to make the trip into the quarter for lunches.  but what lunches they were: 
black bean cakes topped with grilled shrimp and coriander sauce
seared sea scallops
and a word of advice: always order the thing on the menu that sounds like it would never taste right.  case in point: the smoked duck, cashew butter, and pepper jelly sandwich is a joy to behold.  the flavors and textures all fit so nicely together.
next time i'm in town, i'll do a dinner.  i promise.My boss's attorney Sam R. lives in New Orleans and what better way to explore food than through the eyes of the locals?  Sam recommended Bayona and it was amazing.  From the moment you walk in they greet you with smiles and immediately take a drink order while you wait.  The drinks are charged to your reservation.  
They have a cute place very small and quaint with a beautiful outdoor patio if you wish to have your drinks outside.  Since its summer which means New Awlin's is hot and humid we decided to stay indoor.  
Bayona's head chef Susan Spicer is amazing with her flavor pairings and decadent ingredients.  I had Rabbit stuffed with sausages.  I think rabbit in New Orleans is like chicken in California, it's plentiful and in every restaurant there's at least one rabbit plate.  
It was wonderful to all my senses from smell, sight, taste and touch.  There's multi-texture in the food, different flavors marrying, and the smell just makes one melt.  
A must try in the FRENCH QUARTER.  I'm so glad Sam sent us here.
The only reason I didn't give them the 5 star is their dessert, I had a banana torte with ice cream and it was not to my liking.  But it is definitely different if you would like to try it.The menu doesn't adequately describe the dish. Sit back and order, because all of the food is delish. Get the Bone-in pork chop.  You will be pleased.Wow, damn tasty meal!
I almost passed this place by--the entrance is off of a courtyard, so pay attention as you're walking by.
The good: service was impeccable; my Bombay Sapphire & Tonic strong like Popeye (and only $7!); the foie gras torchon was SUPERB (rich, smooth & creamy, & buttery; it's served with a house made jelly, poached apple, & large croutons); the mustard & herb crusted Pork Chop was simply amazing.  Smoky and tart from the crust; cooked a perfect medium.  I wish I were alone in the room because I would have gnawed on the bone at the end of the meal.
The bad: not a fricking thing.
BTW, the portions are huge.   HUGE, Jerry.Delicious food with prefect portions. You'll want to dress up a little bit a this place definitely deserves it. Our server was amazing and had fantastic knowledge about the menu.
When you want a nice date night in NOLA, this is the place to go.Behind it's unassuming exterior, Bayona is an elegant treat in French Quarter. I was on solo travel for work and wanted to find a bar to sit at and enjoy dinner. Unfortunately, Bayona does not have a bar, but they found a quiet table in the corner for me. It was much more upscale than I was led to believe from my friend who recommended it, though I did not feel out of place in my t shirt and jeans. I had their barramundi which was seared perfectly--cooked right to that fine line between crispy/intensely flavorful and burnt. It tastes better than it photographs. The jalapeño lime vinaigrette was perfect, as was the roasted okra on top. The cocktails were a little watered down, so I would stick to the wine.One of my first meals upon moving to New Orleans was at Bayona.  The food is described as Mediterrean, but like many other restaurants in NOLA, its really more fusion.  They take some of the flavors from NOLA and the Mediterranean and create some of the most delightful, well proportioned, and tasty dishes.
The presentation of each dish was prepared with care."How had I gotten here?", I wondered to myself.  "Curiouser and curiouser", I repeated in my mind as I cited the inquisitive nature of Alice from Lewis Carroll's novel, "Alice in Wonderland".  I reached into my waistcoat-pocket and rather than retrieving the White Rabbit's pocket watch, capable of reporting time in an impeccably accurate fashion, I took forth my chap stick and began applying the soothing agent to my arid lips.  How I longed to be lounging amidst a brilliant sun glimmering above, setting the water's surface of a nearby creek ablaze with a boundless exhibition of twinkles and sparkles.  Instead, I sat alone patiently at my table, staring out the window into the maelstrom as voluminous droplets of rain shattered against the panes, eerily warping my reflection.  The seemingly frustrated waiter card, dispatched by the Queen of Hearts, had returned again; his third visit in nearly thirty minutes.  "Do you think your other party might still be dining with us this evening?", he inquired in his most tolerant tone.  
"One mustn't be late for a very important date" I replied, consulting my pocket watch for the last time.  "We venture on with my culinary exploration!"  
In quite dramatic flair, the waiter card presented me with a starter comprised of delicate and flavorful Veal Sweetbreads sautéed with scallions and diced potatoes in sherry mustard, which I found most delectable.  My wine, a bottle of 2008 Ridge Vineyards Zinfandel Lytton Springs, was paired and introduced with the evening's signature entrée, medallions of lamb loin with a goat cheese and zinfandel demi-glace.  For dessert, I was granted a rich mocha banana torte with caramelized pecans.  The dishes tasted of perfection but you see, I expected nothing less of Bayona and its Queen.  If the waiter cards had gone to the trouble of painting the white rose trees red in an effort to match the surrounding décor, surely not a single flavor would find itself out of place.
The end of my meal brought about a somewhat hustled cleanup effort by three new waiter cards.  "Look out now, Five!", one of them cried out.  "Don't go splashing any remnants over me like that!"
"I couldn't help it", said Five, in a sulky tone; "Seven jogged my elbow."
Seven sternly looked up.  "That's right, Five!  Always lay the blame on others!"
"You'd better not talk!" said Five.  "If you carry on about, the Queen will have your head, for sure!"
Suddenly, the ambient sounds around me began to fade, lulling me into a dreamlike state.  When I came to, I found myself within Bayona's lovely courtyard, lying beneath an enormous mushroom.  Climbing out from underneath its sprawling cap, a large hookah-smoking caterpillar queried me.  
"Who are YOU?", he asked amid a puff of smoke.  
"Good question", I replied.  "How very strange the circumstances of this evening have been.  I was to meet a very fine girl for dinner but it appears that she changed her mind.  Can you believe that she didn't even call me to let me know?".  
The caterpillar seemed as perplexed as I was.  "I do not understand.  Who are YOU?" he asked again.  
I began to work out the question in my mind.  "This has been a dating trend of mine, I'm afraid and one which leads to grisly and often nightmarish outcomes.  On one date, a seemingly delightful girl attempted to grope me so relentlessly and aggressively, I felt as if I were Heracles fending off the multiple heads of the Lernaean Hydra.  Another called late for a dinner reservation on a first date to explain that she had been arrested and requested I post bail on her behalf.  One attempted to conceal the fact that she had three children.  Don't get me started, Caterpillar, on the one who presented me on our fourth date with a duffle bag full of her intimacy enhancing devices, which resembled Inspector Gadget's junk drawer!  Go, Go Gadget 240v nipple clamps!"  
"Keep your temper", said the Caterpillar .  
"Is that all?" I pleaded, doing my best to swallow my anger.  
"No." replied the Caterpillar.  
"Maybe it's something subconscious about me which draws out these soul leeching succubae?", I asked.  "They sense a life force and suck me dryer than a camel's urethra!"
The Caterpillar responded.  "So, you think you're changed, do you?"
"Serpent!", screamed a nearby Bourbon Street pigeon, swooping above my head.  
"I'm no serpent", I said indignantly.  Let me alone!"  
"Serpent, I say again!" repeated the pigeon.  
"I'm not a serpent!" I hollered.  "I'm a--I'm a--"
"Well, WHAT are you?  I can see you're trying to invent something!", said the pigeon.  "I've seen a great many men in my time but never one with a neck such as yours!  You're a serpent; and there's no use denying it!"
The Caterpillar peered down at me and shrugged, exhaling a mystical cloud upon my person.  "Perhaps you should find out WHO you are", he said.  "Then, you may finally be able to answer these questions."
"Yes, I think I shall", I replied.  "I think we all should."My favorite place in NOLA. Outstanding food and service in an intimate setting! I settled on the lamb this evening and it was cooked perfectly and full of flavor. Decent wine list with some very nice bottles under $100.Hubby and I really enjoyed this restaurant.  You have to make reservations weeks ahead because it's popular especially when conventions are in town.  We sat next to a solo diner who told us he's been to NOLA 4 times and dined at Bayona 20 yrs ago when Chef Spicer just started the restaurant when the decor was not as elegant as it is now.  He purchased her cookbook from the restaurant and she signed it with a note to his wife.  Our servers, Jane and David were nice. Jane especially was friendly and peppers her conversations with "Darlin".  Very sweet. 
Hubby had the Manhattan, $11, it was quite strong.
His soup du jour, $7 was quite good.  I had the garlic soup, $6 which was OK but I have a Gary Danko recipe for garlic saffron soup which is so much better.
My black bass, $29 was great.  Hubby had the duck, $27 which was really good. Both dishes came with vegts.  We enjoyed the panna cotta, $9.  
The place looks like a converted house with several rooms.  It's very warm and inviting.  A good pick by Hubby. This is a place we'd definitely come back to on a future visit to NOLA.Bayona is a great place for a special occasion. The food is delicious, and there are vegetarian options. And the staff are willing to adapt menu items to make them vegetarian. Highly recommended.The food here was probably the best food I had in my life.  The service was also excellent. Anyone thinking of going here reservations are a must and don't be surprised to have to wait for your table for a bit even with reservations (it's a small dining room with roughly 20 tables). We arrived about 30 mins earlier than are reservation and were sat around 10 mins after are scheduled reservation. This didn't bother me one bit as I was able to explore their excellent cocktail and wine list in the lounge area. I ordered the Royal Dauphin during my wait which was a bourbon drink with ginger, lemon, orange bitters and vanilla. The drink hit the spot. When we were seated we ordered the grilled shrimp appetizer, the quail salad, and lamb (my girlfriend got the cream of garlic soup and hangar steak). The shrimp were excellent and succulent. The quail salad (my first time eating quail) was excellent and sweet. The lamb was perfect cooked medium rare and tasted almost like some of the best steak I've had in my life). The hangar steak and soup were also excellent. The service was exceptional with a drink server and waitress. I also tried the pocket square cocktail which is a must try, very sweet and smooth. I will defiantly be returning here next visit to New Orleans.