These guys are awesome! Best burger restaurant in New Orleans. Service was on point, they made sure we had our food in a timely manner and food is fresh. We flew in from Atlanta, And this is the first place we went to. And we will definitely be back before we leave. 
My friends ordered the Gator burger and the deer burger. I personally ordered the buffalo wings, which was very good. We left super happy! Btw they're drinks are very good too!The bayou burger is literally the best burger I've ever had. Great staff also -definitely a big thumbs up.The burgers are fresh and delicious. Great sports bar on bourbon st.  I would definitely recommend this place if your looking for a good burger!!!!!We were staying on Bourbon Street and passed by this place several times. The balcony looked like a cool place to hang out and I love a good burger so we decided to have lunch here. The balcony tables seem to be the first to fill probably because it overlooks Bourbon Street. The hostess seated us at the last available table. We got lucky.  
The service was slow. We were here well over an hour. The time between getting our drinks, taking our order, and getting our food was pretty long. Even getting our check took forever but our server was very friendly. It was a good thing we weren't in a hurry. 
My husband and I ordered build your own burgers with tater tots. Menu stated two patties with your choice of cheese and condiments. I thought that has to be huge but I didn't see a single patty option. When the burger arrived I realized why it was two patties. They were thin. Mine were very crisp as in overcooked but at least they were warm. My husband's were cold. The tots were ok. The burger was edible but not great which was disappointing considering burger is in the name.Pretty good food, service could've been better but I'm not one to complain especially if the food is good.Wasn't that busy they might have had 4 servers on. Our server took forever to get us CANNED BEERS, we NEVER GOT OUR WATERS. Our appetizer came AFTER we finished our food. They comped it, but didn't try to make amends about the rest of horrible experience. We will NEVER GO BACK.Stopped here about a year ago when my husband & I were looking for some real food on Bourbon St. He loved his burger, we also got some yummy fries, but I have not stopped thinking about the FRIED PICKLES!!! We tried them at a few other places, don't bother, everyone else was way too salty. But these were amazing! I've even tried to recreate them at home to no avail. I'm pregnant now & have literally had dreams about these things. I wish we didn't live in New Jersey, sigh..... 
Also, it was a year ago & a weeknight during the off-season for New Orleans, but the waitress was very friendly & attentive. She didn't seem to mind we were just hanging out, mostly munching on apps & drinking brews.A group of five went late in the evening and experienced poor service. The restaurant was clean and there are a lot of tv's to watch sports but not recommended for an enjoyable dining experience. The food was good but overpriced in my opinion. Also, gratuity is added to your ticket. We had a terrible waitress who got drink orders incorrect, forgot silverware, was completely
unpleasant, and never checked on us.Best dining experience I've had in nola so far. Mind you, it was like 3:00 on a Tuesday. We got the burger that has the grilled cheese in it. Also the sampler thingy - red beans and rice, jambalaya, some kind of etouffe soup type thing. All amazing. The bacon on the burger was some frickin amazing bacon. Beef was cooked perfectly. We also had these weird hush puppy looking things that were topped with tobacco infused powdered sugar. They called it a bignet but it wasn't the kind of bignet I imagined. Anyway, it was interesting and yummy. 
We sat at the bar. Fantastic service!! Wish I could remember the lady's name. It was this week so whoever the bartender was on Tuesday. She provided us with some helpful tips. Kept our drinks full. Helped bag up our leftovers too. Great service. 
Atmosphere was good. The upstairs was closed because it's winter.Arrived late in town and this was the perfect spot for a reasonably priced, quick meal. My husband had a double burger with a grilled cheese in the middle! I had a zydeco dog, both we good. It was quite loud, but the NCAA games were on. Definitely worth a stop in if you are looking for a good, decent priced burger.Gator burger top of the line...sleeper spot dont miss.Disgusting food. We didn't like any of the items we ordered. We ordered the fried pickles and they tasted OLD. I wonder if they just reheated old fried pickles because yuck, I've never tasted such gross fried pickles before. 
The burger was greasy and a mess and just all around not tasty at all. 
I don't normally give bad reviews, but they need to improve the quality of their food. We left without finishing our food because it was so bad, and the manager didn't charge us for it. We still left a tip though :)Best mac n cheese I've had in a long time! It's called "The Wedge". The top was nice and crispy, the cheese to noodle ratio was on point and the flavor was just amazing. They didn't use the regular elbow macaroni though, but whatever they used was great. 
The red beans and rice were good too, they came with chicken sausage. 
Everyone else got hamburgers and liked them. They also had a $5 drink special.Not very hungry for this meal which was too bad as everyone seemed to enjoy their burgers.  Definitely what you're looking for in a sports bar - loud, energetic, good food and lots of televisions but beat of all the customer service! Thank you Jelicia - sweet disposition and even amongst the crazy Saturday night college football chaos, she maintained a high level of professionalism, accuracy and dang, she was one of the nicest waitresses I've come across in a sports bar!  Thanks Jelicia!First time in Nawlins and babbyyyyy my friends and I enjoyed ourselves! If you come, enjoy the gator burger and ask for Kezra! #ThankMeLaterThe food was good, but not great.....but the service was absolutely awful. They really weren't all that busy, so, it was surprising that our server literally only came over a couple of times during our 90 minute lunch. Had to walk up to the bar for my second drink.....and again to get a to-go cup. In addition, we were shocked that they charged us $14.50 for a coffee with 1 shot of Bailey's! The rest of the prices weren't bad....this one just came out of left field! 
They had an APPLE PIE TINI listed as their drink special and it was fantastic! Trust me, it's not some dainty drink in a martini glass.....it's a 16oz glass of straight vanilla/cinnamon/apple whiskey! Give it a shot!!Food was good, Shannon our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable. We went with her recommendations and weren't disappointed. Good value. I would go back again.The service was friendly and quick and the balcony was nice. The food was just ok, I'm not sure I'd go back...it was forgettable.Great service.  Wings were good and tasty.  Bartender made great mixed drinks.  Lots of large TV'S  to catch any game.If you are on bourbon street you have to come here.  You can watch whatever game you want.  The beers are amazing...you have to try the ragin cajun, its amazing.  The debris fries are a must, you wont be disappointed unless you dont try them.  I had the fireman burger and love that they donate $1 for every fireman burger to the local fire department.  The burger was very good and Shea was an amazing bartender.  Youll regret it if you dont stop in here.  Im coming back a second time no question about it.Went in by myself to grab a burger real fast and a few beers. The place was full of people eating and watching college football. Didn't want to take up a whole table by myself so the host at the front found me a seat at the crowded bar. Bar tender
Was a really nice guy who was extremely busy but still provided me with great service. My burger was delicious (bourbon burger). wish I went there with everyone I came to the French Quarter with!Stopped in and had the alligator burger.... Not bad. The "BBQ" shrimp wasn't as good as I had heard, and the place was a little pricey. I liked the beer I had, some kind of IPA-type.Treated like an ashhole. Here with a group of friend who are into sports and they had to watch the cubs play in the world series. They basically threatened to kick anyone out who doesn't spend $7.50 every half hour.  I think sports are stupid, and wanted to walk out, but didn't want to leave the group I was with. So here I sit , 25 minutes later and the waitress who has the piss poor attitude finally took the drink order. The bouncer folks at the door and the waitress were all jerks about this game policy. I don't care if the food is good, treat people like an buttholes and I give a bad review. Edit.can of beer is only a 12 ounce....lolGreasy food after a night of drinking. Burgers are cajun spiced, and expect a minimum of 2 patties per burger. Kettle chips are excellent, but hard to screw those up. Service wasn't great, but not terrible either. Wish we would have known about this place earlier in the day to watch a non saints game.Good sports bars are hard to come by in the French Quarter. Decent food and lots of TVs with good sight lines. There's really no reason to come unless your watching a game but if you want to watch a game this is the best place around.Dabrielle was a GREAT waitress!  Very helpful and kind!  The food was great! The bayou burger was unique and delicious- the debris "fries" (we got it on tater tots) was AMAZING and the run chicken run was good too!Great food, great place to catch the game and great prices for quantity and quality. Also had a great bratwurst there that was pretty tasty.Burgers were fantastic and the sweet potato fries were perfectly made (crunchy outside & soft center). They even have red creme soda at the fountain. Tons of food for the price and they can accommodate a peanut/tree but allergy!!!!
Jheran was a great server. He gave actual recommendations instead of just an answer. 
Lots of TVs covering a huge range of sportsGood vibe, TV's everywhere. They took care of us quick. Food was ok but the server amazing...Surprisingly good food -- creative menu with options for just about everyone.  If you need a big, interesting burger -- try the Ultimate Cure.  This burger is two patties connected by a grilled bacon and cheese burger on texas toast.  This burger is giant when they bring it to you -- your eyes will say WOW!  I would also recommend the Run Chicken Run sandwich -- thinly sliced chicken breast with cheese, lettuce and green tomatoes.  The amount of avocado that is placed on this sandwich is awesome!  These items can be served with their homemade kettle chips (highly recommended) or you can substitute sweet potato fries (also very good!)  It is a bar -- so it can be loud and crazy -- but the food was definitely worth it -- and priced well for its location.  Definitely try this place!Stopped in with friends for a quick bite. I ordered the Gator Burger - this was the BEST burger I have had in a long time. Our server was AMAZING - by far the best server we have had while in town - I believe his name was Brad
This is a MUST STOP while in the areaAmazing food and service.  Shay was our server and she is a delight.  What a contagious energy.   Highly recommend the skillet fries and the Mac and cheese!Stopped in at lunch time not expecting much from a burger joint but they had the most amazing buffalo wings! I'm going back again tomorrow for more. The alligator balls were delicious too. Staff were super friendly without being over bearing. Lots of tvs with all kinds of sports going on. Enjoyed the place very much.I shouldn't even give one star , waited to be seated , seen a table open (it was packed) went to walk to table , waitress stopped us said that seat is for someone else , I told her we been waiting , she said no you just walked in which was not true . I put the menu down and walked out . She then proceeded to say HAVE A SHITTY NIGHT!! I'm like are you serious ?!?! What kind of customer service is this . I will never set foot back in there and I will let people know not to honor this business. Wish I could give no stars you get a 0 from meGreat spot for a burger. Must have a IG appetite because the burgers are really big. We got the gator burger and the home team burger. Both were good, but my home team burger was a little over cooked. The gator burger was really tasty. 3 stars because we waited a while for our food even to the point the staff noticed we had been waiting a while. And I wasn't impressed by the kettle chips. The service was good though, our bartender was really nice.I went here on New year's and it was p
PACKED, the waitress was really nice, because of yelp we got a free appetizer. We didn't really need the extra food because the burgers and fries were HUGE! My husband got a personalized burger and ended up paying something close to $20 (not worth it, really) and I went with a regular menu burger and my check was close to maybe $15. The burgers were regular, nothing special, the place was nice but the location is great, we finished eating and kept on walking around the city.Great burgers (especially the gator burger) and very good seasoned fries! the jambalaya was ok and the kettle chips were pretty good but the fries were betterStopped in here while visiting NOLA and I must say it was good. I had the burger, fries, and fried pickles. I sat upstairs on the balcony so I had a view of everyone below. The waiter you could tell he was new wasn't very attentive had to constantly ask for stuff as he never would ask, but overall I enjoyed the place and food. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to eat.Nice atmosphere, friendly and attentive servers. All around good food. Id revisit  :D.       Try the Super TOTsWe arrived late to the area on a Friday night and decided to grab some dinner here. I wasn't expecting much, but I was wrong! We started off with the crawfish beignet appetizer. The powdered sugar threw me off at first, but after a few bites, I really liked these nice sized crawfish in crispy fried dough with a dusting of powder sugar, they were even a little bit spicy. For my entree, I had the BBQ Shrimp. Ohhhh yummy. This dish is served in cast iron, the shrimp come with the heads and tails still on. The sauce is this spicy, lemony, vinegary sauce that is indescribably delicious. It comes with a small loaf of crusty bread, perfect for soaking up all that sauce. I had BBQ shrimp at a few more places but my favorite came from here. Good place to grab a meal on Bourbon St.My sister and I both had our credit card information stolen while we were on vacation in New Orleans.  This is the ONLY place where we payed separately for anything during the entire trip, which is how we were able to deduce that someone on the staff here stole our information.  The waitress brought us separate bills without asking, then took our cards away.  She came back WITHOUT the cards and chatted us up for about 10 minutes before she went away again and brought back the cards.  I'm going to go through my receipts from the trip and see if the servers name is on it so that I can leave a formal complaint with her boss or possibly have her prosecuted, she managed to spend $300 on my debit card and another several hundred on my sister's card.  I'm sure this wasn't her first time stealing someone's information and it probably won't be her last, so try to find somewhere else to get a burger on Bourbon Street.If you are going to hang out on Bourbon street.. hang out at Bayou Burger! This place has such a cool vibe to it with relieving air conditioning. Our server, Cody, was friendly and had an impressive memory of the menu. Speaking of the menu- there are multiple unique choices that makes the place different. Going to this place does mean you might have to try something new, but keeping this in mind, they have numerous choices for you to make your own custom burger! Dad got the "Debris" burger which he claims the best he ever had, describing the burger as an "outstanding combination of hamburger and roast beef joined together in holy matrimony of melted cheese and grilled onions!"  I got the Philly Burger. Although I don't think mine was as extraodinary, I still found the mix of philly, steak, and interesting enough, cheeze whiz, yummier than most. Not only did we have delicious burgers, it wouldn't be complete without there freshly made sides like kettle chips and sweet potato fries. Overall, we enjoyed our lunch at Bayou Burger & Sports.AMAZING first place we tried after days of horrible food in Florida!!! Gator burger was amazing!! The flavor was delicious. My hubby ordered the burger with the grilled cheese and that was exactly what we imagined cheesy gooey goodness!!! The hot dog was also a weaner...get it lol winner!!! The staff didn't fall short of the food.  Great service easy going atmosphere. Cold AC. Flat screens everywhere. Great experience. I'll definitely be back next time I visit!!!Service was mediocre. Not at all impressive. Drinks were weak. Food was ok. Not exactly the best place for food in NOLA when there are so many other options around. And it's on Burboun Street which sucks. Burboun Street smells like piss and puke. It's disgusting. I would not go back to this spot.If you really want to watch sports they do have TVs...but who watches sports without the Internet to stay up to date of all the games. Really....its 2014 and you don't offer Wifi....thumbs down on no WifiWe ate the vegetarian burger here three years ago and we are specifically going out of our way in two weeks to make it through New Orleans on our way from California to Florida JUST to eat here again.  My kids and I loved this place.  We cannot wait!!!!  Excellent food and our service that day was great.You know a place is bad when after a day of drinking and just *needing* to eat something, I still had to send my food back. 
My husband ordered the alligator burger, which he said was okay, but kind of fatty. I ordered the stuffed artichoke appetizer, simply because I wasn't in the mood for a burger. When our food came out, about two bites in to my artichoke, I realized that it had been previously frozen.. and was still slightly frozen in the center. After waiting 10 minutes to catch our server's attention, I explained to her what the issue was. Her first response was to offer to bring the artichoke back in the kitchen and have them "heat it up again", which I declined and asked for a new one to be fired for me. I waited another 10 minutes or so and another one was brought out to me - mostly warm all the way through and now burnt on top because it appears as if they passed it under the broiler. 
At that point I kind of just gave up and ate what I could of the dry, tasteless stuffing and the stringy artichoke. 
On the upside, the beer I had was really good and it was served in a giant frosty mug. So ... yay on that!They say this place closes at 1am. At 11:30 pm, we went to eat. Guy at the door says no outside drinks. So I throw mine away just inside the door, no problem. Then he says "The kitchen is closed."  I asked him why he didn't tell me that before I threw my drink away. He said "You looked like you didn't want it anymore, buy another one" . What a jerk.
My friends and I left, there are plenty of other places to go to be mistreated in the city.
I will never go back, I will tell everyone I know to avoid it. 
if you want to be abused pick anywhere else.AMAZING! Opt for balcony seating if you can--overlooks the bourbon street craziness! We walked here from Pat Obrians (not that impressive btw) and are so impressed here! Shannon J. was AMAZING AND ATTENTIVE! She even gave us a flyer for the martigras parades tomorrow and a map of the city after she found out we were from out of town. IE MAKE A STOP HERE!Stopped for a drink and crawfish bienets.  It is a sports bar but I sat by the window and watched the action on Bourbon St.  It was good.Touristy spot on Bourbon Street but most are.  Had a pretty good burger but the hype didn't match the experience. But was able to catch an NHL game which was the big goal (get it? sorry, that was bad) anyway.
Tried to use a Yelp discount and the bartender needed to take my phone in the back to show the mgr...seems odd, right?absolutely delicious! burger was super juicy. my husband had the zydeco hot dog. it was huge and he absolutely loved it. fries were also delicious! can't wait to go back again the next time I'm in New Orleans.Burgers are decent, not fantastic but you can customize them which is cool. Their french fries alone are worth the visit at least. Super good. Had great service last night too!Wings are great, and we've always had great service! Must stop for a quick bite on bourbon!Ok. I hate this. I went here because we were able to get out of the rain here and get seats at a counter without reservations (a couple of other places were full, or reservation only) on New Year's Eve. It's loud, had college football on the TV'S and cheering patrons. I know, it's New Year's Eve....expect loud, obnoxious people. 
That being said, our server, Tootie, was a sweet, polite professional. Obviously used to dealing with this type of environment.  
I didn't expect much in the taste department, but I was TOTALLY wrong! 
THE FOOD:
We started with an appetizer of Gator Traps. 
Panko-breaded alligator and jalapeno cheese stuffing, deep fried with sweet corn rounds. Came with 2 sauces.  The gator traps had great bite and flavor, and both sauces were above average. 
For my entree, I got The Debris..Two burger patties smothered with roast beef debris, pepper jack cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms on a brioche bun. Tater tots on the side. The Tater tots were fantastic,  but hey, deep fried potatoes in any form are fantastic! The Debris was a taste surprise to me. I took the top of the bun off so I didn't fill up on carbs so early in the evening (7 pm). The bottom of the bun was too soggy to pick up any way. I cut it up and ate it with a fork and knife. The roast beef debris was peppery and plentiful and tasty. The burgers were great, too. Apps and entree I give 5 stars for taste. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend had the Buffalo Shrimp Salad. They were ok with a substitute buffalo chicken with the shrimp, and the girl loved it. She was really satisfied with it. 
Overall, food fantastic. 
There was a glitch when a patron was throwing his arms around behind us and knocked a server carrying drinks into the girl who would be my girlfriend and got her a little wet. Not the servers fault. 
I'm going to give 4 stars overall.
The bill was kind of high for 2 cans of Miller Lite, 2 Chardonnay's, 2 entrees and an app ($75. Plus tip)
The men's room has 1 stall, and was only kinda clean.Other than the friendliest staff- yes Joy, I'm talking about you! The Any Given Sundae was the best "closer" I've had. Will go back for a burger!A friend and I came here for dinner and split the Debris Fries, cheesy cheddar fries with roast beef and gravy topped with sour cream and chives served in a cast iron skillet for $11. AMAZING!!! I got the cowboy burger, which was excellent as well. The interior was like homestyle kitchen feel, with granite countertops for each table and a paper towel holder to wipe the delicious grease and BBQ sauce off your hands. I wasn't a fan of the big screen TVs in literally every corner, but if you're a sports fan I'm sure you'll appreciate it. Service was prompt and friendly and the prices were mid-range ($10-18), which is actually very good for Bourbon Street.Easily the best burger I've ever had in life., not even exaggerating about it!!!  Asked the waiter what was the best burger, he told me they were all delicious but the engine # 29 was his favorite. So I went with that and I have no regrets!!! Perfectly seasoned with a mix of sausage and spiciness. The red onion thinly sliced was tasty, not over powering but nicely complimenting along with the slaw mixture. Some other things were on there like cheese and I believe some type of condiment but none of it exceeded the great flavor of that patty!! Let me not forget about the delightful bun so soft and heavenly! If this burger cost $20-30 bucks I would still pay!Have no complaints I was seated quickly. The waitress was very friendly, very patient and very knowledgeable about the menu. She was very attentive and I can't remember her name. I do remember she was almond toned with a short cut with like a red tone to it. 
The total bill had me like - wait a minute- these prices - but all in all it was a good experience. Would I go back definitely. I had the ultimate satisfaction burger which was insaneeee!!! 
It was grilled cheese sandwich with bacon in the middle of a burger. 
Side Note: The bathrooms were clean which is a ++++ for me.Initially liked the place and thought I liked the burger until I took a good look at it in the dark place and saw that it was extremely undercooked. It's almost 3 days and 3 IV bags later that I am finally recovering from the worst food poisoning I've ever had. Thankyou, Bayou burger.This place has great food but minimal in its decor, it has a long bar some tables, a few flat screen tv's to watch sports, when we arrived they sat us down, it was not to loud and it was comfortable, but our waiter was not to friendly nor helpful, we have never eaten there before so we had no idea what to order, i asked our waiter what meal had the biggest portions and what would he suggest since we were hungry and his responce was; everything in the menu is great, he left and i called him to our table again i asked him again this time i let him know i needed help and he was not being helpful, this time he started to show us a few meals that were going to fill us up, so we ordered but after 10 min i noticed everyone around us that got there after us, were getting their food but we were not, i could not find our waiter so i went to the bar tender, and soon after we got our food, the hamburgers were very big and smelled great, the portions were satisfactory, the drinks are HUGE and it has free refills, the down fall was the service the waiter gave us, it was very poor, if we visit New Orleans again we will eat there again but will make sure we get a different waiter.
Costumer service gets 2 stars 
Food 5
Establishment4First place we ate on our NOLA trip, the gator bites were good and the soup of the day (it was a crawfish boil) was good accept my order was never put in until very late. I liked their gumbo as wellMy boyfriend wanted a good burger so we decided to check this place out! I promise you will not be disappointed!! We had crawfish beignets as an appetizer which were so good. They were hot, spicy, and sweet!! He ordered the Ultimate Cure Burger, a cheeseburger with a grilled cheese sandwich inside of it.....INSANE!!! I had the Run Chicken Run sandwich which had an interesting twist.... Green tomatoes!! Neither of us could finish our sandwiches!!! So you may think about sharing a sandwich!!I was pleasantly surprised with Bayou Burger. We had a large bachelorette group (8) and needed to fill our stomachs with food before we continued our festivities and drinking. The place we wanted to go to was closed so we ducked into Bayou Burger. We were seated immediately. The server was extremely friendly and very helpful in splitting our checks, which I know is a huge pain. The super tots were incredible, and it looked like everyone else was enjoying their bayou trifectas and Gleason burgers.Awesome place to watch games with amazing food. The burgers here are delicious and don't skip the crawfish beignets either.I didnt expect much of a sports bar --on Bourbon Street no less --but I was pleasantly surprised. Three weeks later, I'm still fantasizing about the corn dogs dipped in beignet batter and served with horseradish ranch. I mean, every beignet should have a giant wiener in it! We also ordered the fried onion straws (like the Bloomin' Onion, but a touch spicier) and the  "Wedge" which is a HUGE skillet of mac and cheese, both quite good. And somehow after all this, I still managed to stuff the "Engine # 29" burger with jalapeno slaw, hot sauce, and a hot sausage blend down my throat too. 
Only drawback was service was incredibly slow: like almost walked out because it took 25 minutes to get our drinks slow. Even with it being somewhat busy, it should not have taken more than 2 hours to have dinner.My friend and I were in the mood for burgers and decided to try this place out since we are from out of town. The service was good, but the food was mediocre. 
My friend ordered the philly steak burger and I had the gruyere burger with a fried egg. The philly burger was very flavorful and good. Although the French gruyere burger was good, I wish it would have come with buns instead of brioche toast. The fried egg was placed on top of the bread instead of under the bread in between the burger. There was gruyere cheese melted over the bread, which made it a little difficult to eat. The regular fries were good but the sweet potato fries were mediocre. They weren't crispy and weren't really sweet like other sweet potato fries I've had.All of my friends were talking about the selection of burgers, draft beers and cocktails. So we decided to stop in for a bite this past Saturday night.
The place itself, in the busiest part of the FQ, was mobbed. There was a 5 minute wait for table service which wasn't bad. The hostess was courteous and the server was attentive, he kept our area spotless. I believe his name is Marty or Marco, it was quite loud. The hostess didn't greet us with her name.
Our food was definitely worth the money and wait. I had an ultimate cure with jambalaya while my colleague had the gator burger with sweet potato fries. 
I will definitely be back and recommend, I'll hopefully make it on to the balcony next time. 
Cheers!Stumbled upon this place looking for a hamburger, this was pretty good overall. The Sazarac was lame, but I'm sure few people order it. I ordered a build your own burger which wonderful. The two patties were chargrilled perfectly and I added blue cheese and bacon it was accompanied by great sweet potato fries which were perfect. With the so few people the staff could be more friendlier but overall I would recommend this place.It's ALL good!! Nachos, wings, BBQ, hamburgers, and must have Debris Fries! Staff is awesome too!This place sucks! The service is horrible. The hostess had an attitude. The server got our orders wrong! It was just a mess.Was looking for a casual dining spot on bourbon street that had local fare and traditional American cuisine. What a find! The burgers are unique and absolutely awesome. Very pleased with this place and the service was excellent as well.These people are the worst. We came to have some beers and watch foot ball and they were hassling us the entire time about how much we would order. Extremely rude service, if you could call it that. Would never go back nor recommend this to a friend.I was looking to catch the 49er football game (not playing the Saints) on a Sunday afternoon.  I was referred to this place by someone at the Royal House.  
They have the "Sunday Ticket" so all games were on.... What a great place to spend the day watching football!
Being somewhat of a beer snob, I was politely surprised to find out they have perhaps the widest selection of beer on Bourbon Street!
Big Screen TV's everywhere, great beer selection, and even a clean restroom (uncommon for Bourbon Street).  
We tried one of their "debris fries" dishes... Basically a cast iron skillet with French fries, gravy, cheese, sour cream and roast beef pieces.... It was great watch the game with some beer food... We didn't try anything else... However, the food at neighboring tables didn't look that bad.I was in NOLA with some girlfriends for a fun time. I had a little too much fun on our second night out on Bourbon Street and was still sick as a dog come dinner time the next day (DINNER TIME THE NEXT DAY!! UGHH NEW ORLEANS). So I just wanted a greasy meal, my friend promised me that I would regret ordering the deep fried burger ("The Bayou") topped with deep fried onions and deep fried pickles. However, it was a magical, magical hangover cure that saved my night. So good, so bad for you, highly recommend trying it once, twice may cause a heart attack.Love this place!! Foods great!! burgers and wings are so big and taste are amazing!! If you're looking for a good burger spot this is definitely the place for youVisited NOLA for the day and was craving a burger. The atmosphere at Bayou Burger was awesome, burger not so much... We were served by a gentleman named Brandon who made all the difference at this restaurant. Probably best service you will find in NOLA.Ate twice here during our stay in NOLA. The gator traps are a great appetizer. Chef even came out to chat. The burgers are consistently good here.Great service ! Great food! Fun place to watch a game , just let the host know which game you are there to see and they will hook you up with a seat next to the TV where it will be on 
! Great Sunday footballI felt like we walked off Bourbon street and into burger heaven.  The gator burger was incredible!  The loaded fries were mind blowing.  We had a few other burgers and everyone was awesome.  This isn't just a great burger spot but a fun place to watch a game.  We were there during the LSU - Alabama game and the place was nuts.
This is a must try!  Please open one in PA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Had lunch with my husband. Delicious burgers and great service from Jheron.(Thanks boo!) Sit upstairs if you love to people watchGreat burgers. Build your own made me feel like home.  The kids had gator burgers. And loved them.  Good American food stop.Bayou Burger what a disappointment you turned out to be! Tsk Tsk.
Not only does your service stink but so does your food!
Tried something as simple as the Bayou Fries which were quite possibly the worst Fries I've ever encountered. They were flavorless and cold which was a conundrum in itself. How can they be advertised in a "hot skillet" and yet be served ice cold? If you can't get your Fries right I don't even want to try your burgers!Good food, and what you would expect from a franchise type restaurant. Portions are huge and prices are comparable to chili's/Applebee's/outback/etc.  if you are looking for a classic take on burgers and dogs at a reasonable price, this is the place for you. But, if you want to experience true NOLA cuisine I would choose another location. They do have some giant drinks, but in New Orleans so does everyone else.It was Selection Sunday, conference play was wrapping up, and we needed a place to eat and get out of the chilly 50 degree and misty weather while we waited to go to the airport. 
This place had TVs and could seat 5 shortly after we walked in. Unfortch it was in front of the doors where we felt the wind blowing in, but you can't win them all. 
I got a basic burger and tots, but didn't take a photo. Nothing too exciting to mention other than they cook the parties well done and there are two. 
I wouldn't knock over anyone on Bourbon street to get here but if you find yourself in a situation similar to ours, you could do worse.Food was tasty!! Server was super friendly, but the wait for food was ridiculously long (considering the crowd was quite slim). Hopefully that was just a fluke!The service was....not great. There were five of us, and it took over an hour to get our food. They were not very crowded. The pizza crepes across the street were starting to look like a viable option. I will not be back.Worst burger place in the city avoid at all cost burgers all small. Guy told me the burger was two 4oz patties, and they shrink after cooking wow the name of your company is bayou burgers so you should be focusing on having real nice burgers it's a bar not a burger place well it is on bourbon so that's my faultI came here by recommendation from a friend. I was sadly very disappointed. The burger was overcooked and flavorless. The service was also just barely okay. I left half of my burger uneaten which is unheard of for me. I gave it 2 stars bc the tator tots and gator were good. Definitely a fail for me on the burger.My favorite place in the world to have an Alligator burger!!! The slaw, pickled onions, and Tabasco mayo on a brioche bun are worth a stop on Bourbon Street whenever I'm in town!! So many awesome selections here!!Great food. I ordered the Debris burger.  Our server Lawrence was a rockstar...make sure you ask for himNeed to grab something before a ghost tour.  Looked like we could get in and out quick which we did. Food came fast. I got the chili cheese dog. Served on a big bun and a very large hot dog had to be eaten with knife and fork. Was a bit overcooked but it was good the chili was awesome.  I could have just ate chili bun cheese and slaw. Loved the kettle chips!  
My son got the build your own burger and thought it was good, he loved the sweet potato fries.  
My husband got the venison burger and it completely feel apart. Was more like a sloppy joe and was really greasy. Wasn't his favorite but he liked the chips.  
I would eat there again. Price not bad for bourbon street.Best debris burger in town. Fries were also amazing! Service was eh, but what do you expect from a busy spot on Bourbon street?Good food, good service, don't miss the debris fries, they are the BEST!!! 
Staff is fairly attentive, plenty of screens if you're a sports fan.
Burgers are good, rolls are fresh, they don't skimp on anything. We never come to the French Qrter without stopping in here.
Tonight we had a seafood dish ( shrimp, crab? crawfish stuffed mirliton - that was new to me, it's a squash - who knew?) which was very good. Side was cheese grits, they were underwhelming.
Hubby had alligator pork brat - didn't care for the taste (he'll eat most anything) but perhaps it would appeal to others.
One great thing about the place: food has always come hot from the kitchen. Some dishes come to the table in the cast iron frying pans they ever cooked in, so they stay really warm until you've finished with them. 
It's not upscale dining but a good place to duck in off Bourbon St to chill a bit and have a bite.Greasy burgers- nothing to write home about. My boyfriend had a spicy sausage burger and it tasted similar to the raunchy smell that fills Bourbon Street. The Debris Fries were probably the best meal ordered in our party. The appetizers were large portions- large enough for an entire meal. The fried alligator bites were pretty good- the crawfish ones not so much. Just tasted like a hush puppy- where was the meat??? Service was below par. We were never given any napkins, the food took forever to come out, and we waited 10+ minutes for refills each time. Don't sit on the balcony- that was our mistake. The raunchy smell of Bourbon Street carries pretty high, and it's hardly bearable when you're trying to eat a meal.I grew up eating red beans so whenever I see it on the menu, I always order it. I'm usually disappointed but I was so surprised with how delicious the red beans were, and I'm a tough critic. The crawfish etouffee was also delicious. The Cajun jambalaya was a little too wet for me.  Still 2 out of three is pretty amazing.Unfortunately I cannot split the rating between food and the service. 
I was down here for a week and was sick of seafood, decided to grab a burger.
Ordered a Bloody Mary , and engine #29 burger. 
Both were fantastic, bad part is I was out of drink when she brought me my food. And I might note it was a jalapeño burger. Needlesss to say I say there sweating like a pig while she fiddle-farted with some frat boy customers. 
She finally checks on me after I had finished my burger by about 20 mins. 
I went ahead and ordered another drink to put the fire out. 
When she slides me my drink, she also hands me the check. I ask her if I can split the liquor from the food, (for business purposes)and she sarcastically comments "sorry, might have been able to if you had warned me earlier" .....damn, at the current level I was surprised I got my tab at all, much less had to earn her. 
Also, before I left, the management was having a f##k you contest with a customer they threw out. 
Again, good food, but crappppppppyyyyy service.Kris was an amazing server! The best we've ever had. She was so friendly and helpful in recommending food for us. We got the fried pickles for our appetizer and the cowboy burger was awesome. Everything was delicious and reasonably priced for bourbon street. I'd come back just for the service though. Seriously the greatest. She even let us take to go cups of water because it was miserably hot yesterday.Seafood is good, beef burgers are OK, venision burger is a phenominal disaster (even the complaints and critism I gave were returned with a shrug and an "OK", no effort made to make me happier). The balcony is great for people watching. However the table next to us dropped a couple of drinks in glass bottles and glasses and then blamed us. The staff did not react AT ALL. Over all the staff was just OK. The prices are what you expect of Boubon Street; too high for the quality and service recieved. The pros do not outweigh the cons. Won't be back.The service here was great! This place is what you're looking for! It's not swanky and it's more than just a bar which means it's a happy medium for the real people visiting! No cloth napkins and no drunk out of towners! The food is also epic! You can't go wrong with the gator bites or the trio!My burger was soo big and juicy. It was great. They just need a bigger restaurant for all the mardigras madness.They carry a gluten free burger and that's all but the buffalo wings and these circular corn on the cob things with a seasoning were nice.Went there Saturday evening Aug 14, 2016
Witnessed manger and patron auguring over food and service. 
Customers were yelling at other customers over food. 
Witnessed manager grabbing just served plates of food and throwing them in garbage and cursing out 2 customers. 
I asked another customer what was going on said one customer complained about food and manager went off on him! 
My family decided this was not the place for me and my family! Never to visit again!Absolutely incredible! My wife and I stopped in while we were in town for a few hours and wandering the French Quarter. We had no idea it was even there, but we will definitely be going back! 
I had the Gator Burger with jambalaya and they were both superb! Easily the best jambalaya I've ever had, and..while it was the only gator burger I've ever had, it would be hard to be anywhere, I'm sure. It was amazing. 
My wife had The Ultimate Cure and it was so much food that she ate to her fill, took it with her, filled up again, and let me have the rest. Again...amazing! It was a full grilled cheese smashed between two bacon cheeseburgers, and it was delicious!
We also shared a very generous helping of fried onion straws and they were also great. 
The staff was incredibly accommodating, and made our visit even better. Our server recommended some of his favorites (all very accurate recommendations) and offered his help and opinion often. Ask for Andrew. He was great! 
Overall, I would highly recommend this place to anyone, and I'll probably stop by any time I'm in the area from now on!We were here for an American Outlaw watch party to watch a USMNT World Cup qualifier. Being in from out of town we had no idea what we were getting into. We had a fantastic experience! There were tons of tvs and screens on the patio. We ordered some debris which was the best I've ever had. We had to order inside at the bar and were given a buzzer that went off when our food was ready. It was efficient. Overall this place has great beer, reasonable beer bucket prices, a lot of TVs, and great food!If you are hungry for a burger.... This is the place! I had Bayou on a pretzel bun and it was delicious & huge. Sadly enough no where near the largest burger on the menu. For those of you with an appetite, this is your place. Man Vs. Burger try the 6 lb. Challenge. Good Eats & Cheers!!!Two stars because we had to wait almost 7 minutes for waitress to come by & acknowledge us, didn't even get water as we waited for someone. Sad part is that, the place was staffed, why did we have to wait that long?  
Entrees came out cold, disappointed bc the food itself was good. 
Good thing, buy an entree, get a free drink.The manager was standing at the entrance and told us "I ain't cleaning no tables" when we asked to sit at a table and not at the bar. We pointed out the several empty clean tables and she said they weren't clean (there may have been a napkin on one of them). We finally got seated at a table after pushing the issue. Our waiter was great, apologized for the managers behavior. Food and menu was great. Overall, this would have been a 5 star experience if it weren't for the very rude manager.Enjoyed lunch with some girlfriends on Fat Tuesday at this restaurant. The wait was maybe 5 mins, max. Great service and very prompt! I ordered a hurricane and the bayou trifecta and asked the server to surprise me with the best three samples in his opinion. He returned with the jambalaya, gumbo and crawfish étouffée. I really liked the jambalaya and étouffée. My friends ordered the nachos, mac and cheese, a full serving of the crawfish étouffée (thank god for spell check) and the philly cheese steak. The lack of convo at our table was a real compliment to the chef. 
When I come back, I'll try something with alligator - maybe the burger!The best burger I have ever eaten, and I've eaten a lot of different burgers! I did the build your own burger with 2 patties, American cheese, pretzel bun and garlic mayo. Everything cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was super crowded in there with Saturday lunch crowd and football fans but we got seated right away and in no time our food was out! I upgraded to the sweet potato fries and these were the best I've had also! My husband got the cowboy burger and he said it was amazing as well! We traveled from Indiana and wish there was one of these close to us because it would be my favorite place to frequent!SO...
I was hungry, wanted a drink and wanted to watch my Aggies play.  Had the rest of our large party come join us as the appetizers were amazing!   Later trip, had the burger and just fell in love with this place.  
Great tasting food.  Reasonable prices and outstanding service on more than a few trips there.  
Thus if you are looking for a place to pad the gut before you begin slamming booze, go here!!!I had the Bayou trifecta. I like this option because I could try all of the dishes I was looking to try. I got the gumbo, crayfish ettoufe, and the red beans and rice. The red beans and rice were good, as were the other dishes.What a great little gem right in the heart of the huddle and bustle of Bourbon Street.
The wait staff were excellent and gave great advice on what some out of town folk should sample.
The atmosphere is good, facilities clean; great spot for sports fans alike.
The ragin Cajun beer was not too shabby.This is a great sports bar for a number of reasons. Allow me to explain:
1. Location - The location can't be beat, unless you're looking for a quiet, dainty B&B to sip tea at. If you are, you're probably in the wrong area of the city.
2. TV Coverage - Every single seat in the bar has in its view a number of TVs. It's a great place for a Saturday or Sunday during football season, as well as pretty much any other day/night where there are a bunch of games on.
3. The Food - All of the burgers are incredible. I've been here a number of times and always switch it up, sometimes making my own. You can get virtually any type of meat imaginable, add on all sorts of cheese, toppings etc. The Alligator Bites are an ABSOLUTE MUST. Do not leave this establishment without getting them.
4. Prices - It's somewhere between $ and $$. A gigantic goblet of beer (many people have posted pictures) was less than $8. The two of us had a huge meal with apps, burgers, and sides, along with a few drinks, and spent around $20-$25/person. Awesome deal.
5. Waitstaff - Look, it's not a 5-star restaurant, so what do you expect? You'll still be treated to some Southern Hospitality, waitresses who are happy to recommend various things, and relatively quick service.
This is a great place to stop at to catch a game, grab a burger, or just enjoy some cheap beer.Sat at a table in a half empty restaurant, waited 15 min. and left not sure how good the food is but the service sucks.I took my business colleague here for a burger and a brew and was very satisfied with the service, quality of food, and tasty beverages.  When I'm in town this will always be a 'must stop' location for me!
Additionally, I misplaced my receipt, but with the help of managers Brook and Lisa I was able to recover it.  This helped me with my expense report.
great all-in-allWe arrived late on a Friday  night . My wife and I were staying at Four points by Sheraton in the French quarter.  All we wanted was some food and a much needed drink!  The night security man recommended   Bayou burger and sports company.  We went in and grabbed a seat at the bar. We loved the food! We loved the Abita Amber beer!
Our bartender Tom, was super nice . Not only was he personable, but he also went to school in the same state that we are from!! He proceeded to ask what our plans are etc. and have us some great tips. We were both excited and surprised to have such a warm welcome on our first night in New Orleans.Enjoyed watching MNF here on our vacation.  Food and drinks were great but the wait staff was excellent!  We had Kelyon, aka Bob,  for our waiter ... he was fun fun fun.Very tasty alligator burger with homemade chips. Definitely will be back.  Service was awesomeOh, I wanted to LOVE this place! 
The meal took forever, which was okay, but then a table seated after us got served first...not cool. then our sweet potato fries came out cold. My burger was a one-star and the pretzel bread bun (sounded awesome) totally fell apart. It was just a mess. The only saving grace: we got to eat in one of Bourbon Street's famous wrought iron balconies. That was nice.
But really, Louisiana, no medium rare????? You're killin'  me. Way to take the enjoyment out of a burger. =(Our last night in Nawlins and we came here. Now you'd think with Burger in the name that we would chose to eat...burgers! BUT we still wanted to taste that New Orleans flavor. I had the red beans & rice with andouille sausage. It was amazing! The flavors were so good and the sausage had just the right amount of heat. My boyfriend had the BBQ shrimp & let me tell you...he enjoyed every last one. The size of these shrimp were insane! One was as big has my hand! You have to try this place when on Bourbon Street!We were seated pretty quickly, even though this place was really crowded since it's on Bourbon St. There was a bit of a wait to place our order, but once we were helped out, the waitress was really nice and quick to place order. 
The food was ok nothing to really go back for. The burgers pretty much fell apart. I'm assuming for it being a lot of meat and other ingredients that the bun couldn't hold up. I'm all for juicy burgers, but they were just a bit too greasy.I hope you meet OUR BOY DARREL!! The homie hooked it up great suggestions about the menu! The Gator Burger and Andygator Beer complimented each other with perfection. I think the price is what one would expect being on Bourbon St., unless you're my CHEAP-ASS FRIEND KEVIN! Overall great place...give Darrel our bestThe food is great, the atmosphere of the surrounding street is one of a kind, but sometimes the service is a little slow. It's worth the wait, but in my personal opinion they should hire more people so those poor servers aren't working themselves to death taking on 8+ tables at a time. I honestly would recommend this place to anyone, and if you wait these burgers will blow your mind!The wedge which is Mac and cheese is yummy!! Added bacon even better!!! The gator burger not so goodGreat find on Bourbon St that is not a filthy rat-hole. Good place to watch NFL games and get a burger & beer. I had the Gator burger... delicious! Service was fast and friendly. If I get back to the French Quarter I will hit this place again for sure.This was supposed to be our first stop in NOLA. It was 2 pm and we were starving. The girl asked us if we'd like balcony seating (we said we'd prefer inside in the air conditioning) so she put us way back in the corner. We literally sat there for nearly half an hour and no one even came to ask for our drinks so we just got up and left. Would not go back.Great place to grab a burger and relax.  I didn't count but they have around 10 tv's  with sports on all of them.  Great burgers and other items.  Friendly staff and bartender (although he seems to be overworked.  Let's get him some help management!!!)
And of course a wide selection of beers and drinks.Selece is an amazing bartender!!! If you're on bourbon street, stop by to see her! Her Oreo cookie shot is delicious and she's fantastic too!Where service lacks, the food more than makes up for it. The BBQ shrimp and Thai Breaker shrimp burger were so tasty that we went back two times during our trip. The chicken nachos were a bit dry, but that should be my fault for ordering TexMex in N.O. I would highly recommend if you are not pressed for time and would enjoy a beer while watching the game on their many TVs.Manager is terrible. Place filled w Husky customers and he will only put the game on two tvs. Not a Texas fan in the joint and it's on the big screen. Total idiot. Will not order food. Feel bad for servers. Leaving st the half.Awesome food. Awesome service. Have gone there every time I've been to New Orleans. I love it.Mediocre food. Sub-par service - there was only one bartender working during the NCAA Men's Championship. Decent canned beer and draft selection. Definitely a rookie mistake on my part. I won't be back.Worst service I've had in NOLA. We waited over an hour for our food when other tables were getting theirs ahead of us, the drinks were weak, my nachos were flooded with BBQ sauce and nasty cheese, and our friend's burger was given away to another table. I don't normally do reviews but I felt compelled to after my experience here. I do not recommend this place, sorry.This has great burgers!! There were 3 of us who were all very satisfied with our food. One got the bayou burger which was a killer. Appetizers were great too. Service was a touch slow but the food was worth it.Frankie was the bomb as our server not once but twice. Wonderful atmosphere and terrific food, a true sports bar with enough TV's to satisfy any fan.Went on a Monday night to watch basketball and eat. 
Our waitress was so sweet and caring. Very attentive. Boyfriend had the cowboy burger and loved it. Their fries are SO GOOD! I had the veggie burger. It wasn't that great. I stopped midway because it was extremely dry. Tried to add sriracha mayo with it and it didn't help. Filled up on tatter totts instead! Overall it was just okay.Food was great Crystalle was fun!!  this lady was freaking awesome! She's super fun! She'all take pictures with youMy wife and I decided to try this restaurant & so glad we did, it is fantastic & the staff makes it more than inviting. I tried the Cowboy & it was the best burger I've ever had. Our waitress Crystalle was awesome & we look forward to seeing her again:-)My family and I are spending the weekend in New Orleans for the second time. It is our first time trying this place. It is delicious. From the Cajun food to burgers & fries it is amazing. We were originally going to go to Oceana but there was a wait. We found this place right off of Bourbon St and it wasn't packed at all. We were surprised how good the food is. We met the Chef, Josh. He puts his heart and soul into his food and cares about it. Absolutely amazing. I recommend everyone to try it. Fun drinks, fun atmosphere, great food!!The food was good, the service was very friendly and the air conditioning was wonderful in all of that humidity.  My husband loved that they have a choice of fries or tater tots.  They were both good.  My son liked it so much he made us eat there twice during the trip!My boyfriend and I stopped here on Sunday after the Easter parade. We put our name on the list hoping to get a balcony seat for the parade, but the wait was too long. Luckily, we still decided to eat there when a table opened up! The balcony seats were great - not too crowded & noisy, nice breeze, good view! Our waiter was really fun & helpful and offered great suggestions on food and beer! 
We split the crawfish beignets, and they were delicious! It came with a lot, though, so be prepared! We weren't super hungry, so we split The Engine #29 Burger, which our server recommended, and it was amazing! Easily the best burger I've had in a while! We got a side of sweet potato fries with that, and they were good as well. 
Overall, great location, good beer, awesome food, and a fun staff! Perfect for an afternoon on Bourbon Street!A friend works there and occasionally brings burgers home. They're not bad. Have no idea on prices but it is a corporate restaurant so they do comply to a set of standards above and beyond Bourbon, which is a sewer. This place trains the hell out of their employees so everyone is on top of their game. There are other burger joints such as Nacho Mamas & Port of Call but if you're with a big group and are on Bourbon and don't want to get food poisoning stop in. They'll take care of you.McKayla's not impressed!(can we bring this back please!)  
On my first trip to the French Quarter, my group and I were starving and happened upon Bayou Burger without consulting the Yelp App.  Dangit I wish I did.  This place is a big ole' turd in my book.  
First thing first we got there and I think 1 other table was full in the whole place.(not a good sign) Next, the air conditioning was so cold my da'gone nipples were cutting glass...  it was intolerable to sit anywhere other than right next to the window looking out on Bourbon.(not good)  The scenery was nice, the smell not so much!
As for the food and drinks, I had a whisky and coke for 8 bucks and the engine #29 burger for $15 which just so happened to be cooked way less than what I would imagine a burger that had pork in it should ever be cooked.  This served with some pitiful kettle chips rounded my bill out to a nice even $25.  This place can suck it.  
I think the rest my table had a reasonable time so I bit my tongue and piled through my terrible dinner, but rest assured this will be the one only time they will get my money.  
Keep your giant burgers and turn the ac down!  I recommend steering clear, there is a lot better places all around the area for the same price!Burgers were very well spiced & creative. My husband had the "croquer" with gruyere, ham, & burger topped with a fried egg. Portion was large. Husband also ordered the debri fries which were huge but delicious!Stopped for a quick bite before drinking. The red beans and rice was delicious. Not sure about the burgers but this was a perfect fast snack.They have lots of TVs and will put any sport you want. The food was actually really good. We had the Kickin' Corn and it was finger-lickin good. We also tried the Veggie Bean burger and it was good and had that Cajun taste to it the only thing is it fell apart easily but I still picked up the crumbs with my spoon! And for the side I tried the cheesy grits which were great. The service though is what is making me not give this a 4 star review as the food was remarkable. The server was not very friendly and did not check back on us at all throughout the meal. The beers were also served in hot cups so this place may want to think about using cold glasses for beer.Great service on a Saturday night at 7. No wait, and the waitress actually was conscious of her ticket times and actually cared about them :) in a place like NOLA, on bourbon st where there is no shortage of customers, it says a lot that she was very kind and actually cared about her tables. 
The fried dawg bites were great, as well as the andouille and chicken gumbo. My husband said his cocktail was good and strong. I was also impressed by the cleanliness of their restrooms.Good burgers.  Very noisy sports bar.
You must have the Crawfish Beignets as an appetizer.  Had not heard of them before and they were wonderful.
The rest of our meal was good...the burgers are very unique to say the least.   
Glad we went there but in no real hurry to go back...too many other more interesting places in NolaFour stars because the menu options are prevalent, and the food is goooooood; there's something for everyone. If you want to be attended too, maybe this isn't the place for you after all it's a sports bar. It is very loud, the food takes forever to come and the waiter was definitely quite busy he may have been the only one. I guess being a New Yorker when you come to the South you have to bring it down 1,000 notches. But the popularity of Bourbon Street don't take the window seats....Best burgers in NOLA! 
After all the seafood I've eaten it's nice to see a place that offers something else in NOLA. Fried pickles are excellent, kick'n corn is amazing and my burger was cooked perfectly. Will be back again next time I'm here to visit.They did not honor the coupon because it said it was Mardi gras season :( 
They should have state that in the coupon!!I really enjoyed this restaurant. We came here on a beautiful night and sat on the upper deck overlooking Bourbon St. It was a great place for people watching. I ordered the alligator burger which was delicious. The fries were very crispy as well. They also had a very nice beer list so it was a great place to just relax. We also came back another night to watch the Hawks game and they had it on multiple screens which was wonderful. I would definitely go here if you are looking for something other than traditional New Orleans food while in the French Quarter.Food was a 3.0 service was 0 
Pretty bad service. We sat on the balcony and no body attended to us for about 10 minutes. I asked the guy upstairs if he could take our order and he wasn't sure because the table belonged to another server. He came back 10 minutes later to take our order. It took you that long to figure that out? Then 15 minutes for cheese fries? That pizza place across the street pumping out food faster than you guys. I've had better service at taco trucks in the middle of Egypt nowhere. 
You are on bourbon street get your shit together, and you guys would be killing it even if the food is average.Absolutely delicious food! 
Super tots: I didn't love these but my boyfriend did and demolished them. I enjoyed two but they are extremely flavorful and yet was just a bit much for me.
Chicken gumbo: Aaaamaaaazing! I could eat this five times a day, easy. I wish they served bigger bowls because I could've eaten a whole pot.
Grilled cheese burger: can't remember the actual name of this but it was bomb. Diabetes in a bun but so good! It was a ginormous burger and I could only eat about a quarter of it but it was great. They put bacon in the grilled cheese and then sandwich that in a cheese burger. So yummy!
The only reasons they didn't get 5 stars: the service was very slow. Our waitresses were incredible sweet and worked hard considering we were there on Christmas Day, it just took a long time. The other issue is me and my boyfriend have service dogs. I called ahead to make sure they were pet friendly just to try and be respectful and was told they were in fact pet friendly. When arriving I found out they were not and had to wait for the general manager. I've been on a road trip and we lost our service animal IDs, but had the registry number and owner info (and everything on a traditional physical card) and he wouldn't accept it and caused a bit of a scene. After he called his senior management and they explained the actual process everything was fine. He was extremely apologetic and kind and he was simply misinformed, so no hard feelings. Just something for others with service animals to be prepared for with other employees since it seems the chain of command is a tiny bit broken. Again though, the situation was totally rectified and the GM was very very kind and deeply sorry so it's no reflection on him.Stopped in here twice this last week while on vacation.  Everything is pretty pricey,  but I guess expected on Bourbon Street. Probably one of the latest people serving food.  Food was pretty good.  Service could have been better.  Few and far between stops at my table.The manager was extremely rude. After we were rudely told that there was a strict no channel changing policy and that our tab had to be kept up if we wanted to watch football on a Saturday, we watched the manager selectively change the channel of one of the big TVs for a "special customer". After there were multiple customers requesting to watching the prime time game he refused after it was obvious he had gone back on their one rule. We didn't even order any food and after requesting our ticket the waitress threw it at us. Very rude and wouldn't even recommend it if it were raining and you needed a place for cover.Dabrielle....thats all I can say!!! Our server was so good I remembered her name and thanked the manager for having her. What a GREAT intro to NOLA with this staff! 
Food was great, esp the tabasco mayo (and this coming from a person who has tried mashed potatoes that are too spicy). 
Did the 'make your own', was worth every penny. 
FYI...comparatively speaking, this place is C.L.E.A.N. which is hard to say on Bourbon Street.Our waitress, at first, was very generous and kind. Sweet personality. Then they changed shifts and our new waiter was very nice too. The food was okay, typical bar food. Nice place to eat and drink at leisure.Stopped there on a whim... Very good food. I had the chicken sandwich and it was a huge portion and very tasty!! Husband said the burger was very good too. Service was ok, with how hot it is here it was nice that our server brought us "to-go" cups for our drinks. Would def go back.The service was a little slow but the food more than made up for it. The burgers were delicious- make sure to try the gator burger it's not as greasy as a regular burger.Went to Bayou Burger for lunch and our waiter couldn't accommodate all 6 of us at one table on the balcony so we had to two tables of three instead. Our waiter was a short asian man, who was very rude at the beginning when we were ordering, but started getting friendlier towards the ending of the meal probably cause he wanted good tips. I went for the veggie burger and it was a great option. The burger was massive and I could't finish it all. The "veggie patty" is really thick and made mostly of spiced potatoes with a few additional vegetables here and there. You can make a meal of the patty along that's how filling it was. Other than that the side of fries was good. I would recommend this restaurant if you have time to wait around because our food took around 30 minutes to arrive.It's a loud raucous of a bar in the middle of bourbon with open windows for you to hear the sounds of the street. So far, so good for a sports bar. The food is way better than typical bar food and the staff was warm and accommodating. 
I had the Wedge with Debris- Mac n cheese covered with pulled beef and it was epic. Highly recommendSo delicious!!! We sat up in the balcony area, service was great, drinks were good and the burger was delicious!!! Cooked it a perfect medium.  Oh and our appetizer was the corn dish- definitely order that!!!We ate here because I was craving a burger and it was an excellent choice! I got the Bayou burger and my husband got the Ultimate Cure. Ginormous burgers and absolutely delicious! We couldn't finish all of it. We also got the appetizer of gator bites which came stuffed with cheese and fried corn on the cob and that was equally delicious. Highly recommend!The manage was rude and harassed the worker about allowing us to feel the heating lamp. Very unprofessional and rude. I was about to order food but this turned me away. Racist and rude!This place is right on bourbon st so very convenient. We had the bbq nachos. They were the bomb! We sat on the balcony some we could people watch. Didn't get any drinks cus we had brought our own lol. So just the nachos. It was perfect. Would definitely go again!Walked in at 9:15 at night. It was not busy and there were plenty of tables. Seemed we inconvenienced the host who sat us. We waited 15 mins without being acknowledged by a server, with many passing by. We were hungry and became frustrated. We got up and left. Very disappointed.Chris was amazing! She not only gave superior service but she gave us some awesome local tips on how to get around Nola and where to visit! 
My boyfriend had the gator burger per her recommendation and I had the cowboy burger. Both were without a doubt delicious! She also gave us a military discount! Defiantly will be coming by again!Our server Cristalle was awesome! Great recommendations, Gator burger is the cats ass.As a Texan... I'd assume I know burgers... and this place seems to know too.
Honestly, all their burgers looked so good... you really can't pick a bad one. Great service and right off the main street for good people watching.Good burgers. Good service.great place to watch a game and watch bourbon street.
What sealed the deal was the manager(Kelly?) stopped by the table and visited us. The place was packed, so you dont usually expect to see a manager unless something goes wrong.
Not only did she actually listen to us, she openly praised our server when we told her how sweet and competent JoJo was...
Placed like this, wrhn the manager is ebgaged AND the staff seems really happy are the places I go back to.My husband and I normally stop here when we are on Bourbon St and it's usually delicious but not Toni! For the first time in years we are disappointed  service was bad, burgers were dry, the server even tried to pass off some seasoning with cinnamon in it as comparable to Toni's ... and now!!!! ... I look up to discover my DRINK HAS BEEN TAKEN AND I WASNT FINISHED!This restaurant is great! The food is amazing and they have very large portions (definitely share a meal). What made it even better was the service from our waitress, Jelicia. She is super friendly and attentive!!! We had a great experience.Loved the red beans and rice. Decent prices. The service was good as well. Definitely a good spot to visit while on bourbon st.the seat was good with a nice view of Bourbon Street the fried pickles were also good but fair warning they are sweet pickles I had the deep fried burger it was not cooked all the way through and it was incredibly hard to eat my husband had the jalapeno which was alright the fries are average also I won't be back but it wasn't too badWanda, Troy and Nikki were excellent.  I've never experienced customer service like this before.  Tried to buy them all a drink and all passed.  They are the definition of southern hospitality.  I definitely recommend to all walks of life. I would also recommend more responsibility at the earliest opportunity.  
Update...food took 30 mins for a burger and wings while management stood and watched.Cowboy burger is the bomb!  Friendly people, however i do not like that they only have miller light in cans... Porque?This place should be called sodium palace. Everything was WAY over seasoned and salted. My wife was immediately sick from her burger and within a few blocks after leaving it felt like I had a brick in my stomach and I needed to drink a gallon of water. Neither of us could eat more than half and we kinda felt bad for the homeless people we gave the rest of our meal to. Someone said there's no such thing as bad food in NOLA, lucky me, I found itEngine 29 burger and sweet potato fries were fantastic. My beautiful wife tried a hamburger with fries and loved it. We sat at the bar and received exceptional service. If you're in NOLA and looking for a tasty burger with good service and beers, give this place a shot.We dined here twice. The first visit we shared the Ultimate Cure...excellent burger and filling enough for two!  We chose a different burger during the second visit. It was average. The cheese fries were very good though!When in a mood to watch a sports game, come to this spot! 
I am a die-hard Giants fan so knew that missing the game would not be an option, even during a bachelor party. Came here through a friend's recommendation since it has over 20 TVs and thoroughly enjoyed it. The staff here was extremely accommodating in making sure we were seated close to the TV showing the Giants game. Michelle our waitress, was extremely attentive in making sure our beers were always replenished and that our orders were coming out in a timely fashion.
Great selection of local brews here, definitely go with the American Pale Ale if you like lighter beers. Comes in a 18oz frozen mug and goes down so smooth! You will need to order at least 2 crawfish infused beignets because 1 will not be enough. Best tasting app! 
If you have never had alligator (yes, gator meat) I can recommend the gator burger which comes with cole slaw in it. Sounded weird at first, but the combination of both worked great.We had the buffalo style wings, nachos with pulled pork. For dessert we had the beignet fries. Everything was delicious. Service was excellent.The food was great and our server Jasmyn was very friendly and helpful. Great people watching also. Def recommend !My wife and I came here on my first trip to New Orleans and absolutely loved it so we decided to come again. This place does not disappoint! Great vibe and excellent food. We had Dusty as our server up on the balcony and she was absolutely great! Wonderful personality and she was extremely helpful. Definitely coming back next time we're in town! We will be asking for her!!Went there the other night, 3 burgers a fry with the drippings on it 1 Whiskey drink, one can root beer, over $70 before tip. Not the best burger I've eaten, service was the poorest I've ever had, took over 30  minutes after we were finished eating, before someone came to check if we wanted our bill yet. Just because you're on Bourbon Street does not mean you should have poor service. We have not eaten another thing on Bourbon Street because of this restaurant. There is too many wonderful places in New Orleans to eat that are not that far away that have amazing service, and great prices.Burgers are a greasy, disgusting pile of garbage, some of the worst I've ever had. Servers were excellent and nachos were good.My husband had the washtub fries and I had the run chicken run. Service was slow and waitress didn't check on us after we got our drinks nor after we got our meal. The washtub fries were great. Chicken on my sandwich was dry and the avocado wasn't ripe and was hard. 2 bites of my sandwich and I had enough of that plate. Thank goodness the washtub fries were supersized for me and my husband to share.I ate here twice during my stay. One lunch and one dinner. All I can saw is WOW! I really enjoyed both my entrees. I had the Cochon Nachos, with pulled pork, BBQ sauce, sour cream and lots of cheese. It was delicious.
For my second meal I ordered the Cowboy Burger. 1/2 lb of meat, lots of bacon, lots of cheese and lots of grilled onions. I had to eat it using my knife and fork and finished every bite. The meat was cooked perfectly and cut easily with a fork. Most restaurants that advertise grilled onions aren't truly grilled but just cooked briefly. These were grilled and tasty, and there was plenty of them. The bacon was great and there was plenty of cheese.
The servers for each meal were very different, but both knew the menu and the area very well. Both were very pleasant and friendly. I was thoroughly satisfied with my entire experience.
Note that it wasn't very busy when we were there so the servers weren't rushed and were able to talk with us. Enjoyed the atmosphere and watched some football on the Monday night we were there. My friend and I were both able to see the game without turning around as they had each event on a tv on each wall. It made watching sports while eating much more enjoyable.
I will be back!Eat upstairs on the balcony.  Great view of Bourbon street.  Food was pretty good and our server was really nice.Well, there are mo menu pics. I strongly suggest you inquire how things are cooked and prepared.   Evidently the words gried and deep fried in really wet batter are mutually exchangeable here.Deserts good; BBQ shrimp too much work - Peel & eat...  only get a tiny piece - it falls apartStumbled upon this place on way out of bourbon street. Skipped the burger and fries and tried there red beans and rice as well as there gumbo. Both were pretty tasty. Enjoyed it! The large screens are ideal for watching a game. Service was very good as well.So the food here is decent. I like the friend pickles a lot and the wings are good. A little high in price but it's bourbon st. So I allow it. But today I had a very different experience then the usual. We walk in and the lady was super sweet very friendly and then we sit at the bar. Now I know I don't look 21 and so I always have my ID on hand. But my state ID is vertical because I moved here on my 21st and I'm not flying home just to update it. Forget that! Also no other bar has ever had an issue with it. Tropical isle, cats meow, all the big name strict bars don't even bat an eye. But boy did this bartender. "I'm not supposed to accept these." Ok that's fine thanks for doing me a solid. That was my first thought. Then he goes into it though "why is it vertical? Hmm? Why?" And before I can explain that i haven't had a chance to update it and point out where my birthday is, he walks over and taps at the paper that has a picture of a vertical I.D and says UNDER 21 in big bold type. It's like ok I understand. It's not ideal. But come on. If you really are that bothered by it just tell us to move. Don't beat a dead horse. Then he proceeded to be very aloof while we sat and ate and already had the check ready and since we are locals usually I will ask, politely, if they have a service industry discount. It really helps save the paycheck and get me a good treat. But I tried twice but he was too busy ringing other people up. Fine. I get it. My mom and I were not your favorite customers of the day. But as a person who has worked in a customer service world as a young adult, let me tell you that his attitude STUNK! And it really had me in a bad mood the whole time we were there and I really hate that walking out the door was the best part of my experience today. I just got off work, needed a cold beverage and some snacks. I guess next time my customers ask me I will point them somewhere else. Because I sure won't be back.The Couchon Nachos are FANTASTIC.
The pork is so tender.
My waiter Kelton was attentive and had a great sense of humor.
Thanks for a great lunch, being a server myself it's always wonderful to be waited on.I wanted to give these guys a better review but there were a bit too many things that didn't sit well with me. I'll start off with the good stuff. My Gator Burger was the bomb.com! Get it the way they make it with the slaw and no cheese. This burger was expertly made and I would order that to go if I were to ever go back there. They have large TV screens and were playing some old NFL Footage on the NFL Network that had both my brother and me very entertained. 
Now for the not so good parts:
1. The restaurant is located on Bourbon Street so I sort of get this next rule but they wouldn't allow me to sample any of the beers on tap. They had over 30 beers available and I wanted to narrow down which one to get since the glasses they came in were literally as big as my head. Nope, sorry we don't give samples. "But I'm a paying customer dining in. I'm going to buy a beer." "Nope sorry." After she "begged" her manager, they allowed me to sample ONE of the beers and I ended up going with that one just to avoid any hassle. 
2. There was a Yelp check-in deal for a free appetizer with a purchase of an entree. I pull it out to use it and was advised by the waitress it has to be with the purchase of TWO entrees and it can't be separate checks. Wait, I'm sorry. How many stipulations do you have on this deal? We ordered the crawfish beignets and they were completely burnt. If you don't want to give a free appetizer, don't offer the check-in deal. It's pretty simple...
3. My brother had the Cowboy burger and he only ate half of it due to it being way too salty. He downed his soda and half my water trying to eliminate the salty taste but no bueno. It was also a messy burger and was difficult to eat. He felt like they should give a bib with the burger. 
Should you eat at Bayou Burger? You could but I can't guarantee what type of service you'll get or how your food will taste. I can say that my Gator Burger was absolutely delicious. If you want to try one, this would be the place to do it.Came here for lunch.  It smelled like puke in the restaurant, most likely since it's on Bourbon.  The server we had was nice and attentive.
The food was the bad part.  The burgers we had tasted really bad.  Both of did the build your own.  Two burgers, fries, and a drink came out to $40.  Neither of us ate the entire burger and I'm barely made it to our hotel room before I sht myself.  That folks is what you call food poisoning.Great food in convenient location. Also, groovy atmosphere (though can be loud inside sometimea). 
I've brought my dog there and ate out back in courtyard - well covered tables. Don't let a touresty from area stop you. I'm a local and enjoy going there!
Bottom line - very good food, fun atmosphere, good service... 
No reason not to go.My son and I were thirsty and hungry after sightseeing in the Quarter and just happened to walk past this place.  The blast of cold air lured us in.
The beer was cold in a frosted glass.  Just what we needed!  They were 2 for 1 which came to $5.  Unbelievable considering their size.  Our waiter was delightful.
We ordered the gator traps.  They came with medallions of well seasoned corn and 3 dipping sauces.  YUM!  The gator was tasty.  The corn was an unexpected surprise.  Between the beer, gator and corn, we were too full to order anything else.  The gourmet burgers coming out of the kitchen though, looked amazing.
Upon our return to Nola, we will be back!Great burger, great service.  The guy upstairs helping us a couple of weeks ago.   Great food, great view, fair prices.  One of the better places we ate while visiting New Orleans!  Thank you !