Came here for some wings and shrimp wasn't disappointed! Very popular spot based form all the tv coverage so had to check it out.
First the staff is super friendly and helpful , extremely patient at explain the menu and their sauces. Gave good recs on their wings.
The wings were cooked to order and very tasty! I like mines on the spicier side and was very pleased. Would definitely come back here.
Only down side is it's more catered for take out, small countertop seating inside.I've never eaten here, but my son loves the place. So, I ordered a T-Shirt from their online store a couple weeks before Christmas. Paid for it on their fronky website with a credit card. No shirt. Contacted them. No response. Contacted them. No response. They have a e-commerce site selling from a store but don't actually send out what you purchase, or reply to your efforts to contact them. They take credit card #s, but don't have a PRIVACY POLICY, required by law, to do so. You trust them to make your food that you consume. Anybody ever gotten sick after eating​ here? That's the type of business they seem to run, I'm glad you trust them. I wouldn't. Now, they have my credit ​card number on file. I wonder what kind of cybersecurity they have?I originally review this place right after they opened, when it was obvious the kinks were still being worked out. Even then, I gave it 4 stars. After almost a year of being regular customers, I can safely say these guys deserve the full 5 stars. Friendly, personal service. Delicious, affordable food. How can you ask for more than that? Definitely try some of the limited-time flavors like Korean BBQ and if you're one of the people bitching that the wings aren't hot enough, try the sauce they're now making with ghost chilies. That should shut you up nicely. It made my boyfriend's scalp sweat, but he was blissfully happy about it.Bayou Hot Wings have good prices on wings but the wing are small. My favorite flavors are pepper jelly, BBQ, and bayou hot boy wings. They taste good. I always get extra sauce on the side because of the wings being breaded the Lil sauce they put on it soaks up and becomes a lil dry. For a small size container of sauce Is a dollars for each which is over priced.I find myself almost constantly on the quest for good wings. I love them, they are my Kryptonite, but it's hard to find them done really well in New Orleans.
Enter Bayou Hot Wings. This location used to be a Wing Zone and I used to grab lunch here ages ago when I worked nearby. Flash forward to this past Christmas season and I found myself helping my lady dog sit for some friends that live near Freret. This was a perfect chance to try Bayou Hot Wings.
Now, I know I said I LOVE wings, but that day they would have been a serious problem to eat while watching a rambunctious puppy that's already 40lbs. A big pile of tiny chicken bones is like gold to a dog and definitely not something you want them to eat. So, regretfully, I went with a chicken sandwich, which let me give their sauces a shot. Let's be honest, it's super important that a wing is fried correctly and not burnt or dried out but that's just the foundation for the real star: the sauces. I ordered my sandwich with Chipotle sauce.
While I was waiting I took a moment to look at their wall of articles and pictures of the Bayou Hot Wings Beast Challenge. It looks incredibly painful and was featured on Man v Food. Take a minute and look it up. I'll skip the details. Maybe one day I'll give it a shot...if I managed to coat my internal organs in asbestos.
So, how was the sandwich? Nicely done. The chicken was moist and crispy, the cheese abundant without being just a giant clump, and the sauce really good. The Chipotle sauce had a good heat base without being overwhelming and a great smokey flavor. The sandwich also came with fries which were done well. 
Overall a good meal and one I will definitely repeat.Ordering from here made for one of the best nightcaps for the books. It was a group of five, and one called out for chicken wings so i immediately went for the phone and opened up my trusted Yelp!
Search: "Chicken wings"
Of the top two results (Jazzy Wings being the other) for chicken wings nearby my area, Bayou Hot Wings was the only one open.  So, as always, i proceeded to pick out what i wanted to order strictly based on pictures.  It was a group of us so we ordered quite a bit.  Went with the Gator bites (bomb), Potato wedges (bomb), Garlic and parmesans chicken wings (bomb), the hot boy wings (bomb) and the Thai chili glaze wings (bomb city).
I hardly ever get an urge for chicken wings (weird, i know) but i'll be damned if those Thai chili and garlic parmesans chicken didn't turn me into a fanatic! 
I highly recommend trying this place the next time you're in the mood for wings, it was everything that a non-drinking person could want to top off a cinco de mayo night!I love Bayou Hot wings! I've had sweet chili, bayou sweet, bayou sweet heat, and parmesan garlic. Would love to try more but it's so hard to stray from the favorites! I recommend asking for the sides to be placed in a separate box. 4 stars instead of 5 because they take a long time and it's a little pricey for what it is.Soooo good! I ordered the sweet heat wings along with the Parmesan fries. 5/5! The service was great! Everyone was really nice and sooo welcoming. This was my first time trying out this spot and is now a MUST when I go to New Orleans ALONG with the good ole Cajun food in N.O. Great spot.Great, fast service! Great, crispy, crunchy wings! Great everything! This place is definitely one of the must eats in NOLA, even if you are a resident or a tourist. They have a variety of items to choose from like sandwiches, wraps and many, many sides. They also offer a tailgate menu if you are trying to feed your family or a special party occasion. Only downfall from the location is the size of the restaurant is very tiny where you can not hold a large family, but they do have outside seating. If you are down for the challenge, they also have a very spicy "Bayou Beast Challenge" which was seen on "Man VS Food" with Adam Richman. If you can handle the heat, you will go down as a BEAST on the Wall of Fame with a special BHW T-shirt!Been going here ever since they opened, and they definitely know how to make their stuff. The guys that started the business (Allen & Kyle) are really nice / awesome people, and the food is great.
I've tried literally everything on their menu minus their new lunch specials, and I have yet to be dissapointed. My recommendation? The Chipotle BBQ / Sweet Heat. Oh, and the burgers are amazing as well.
I'm taking a star off because I noticed recently they made their wings a little smaller, and they charge extra for the ranch / blue cheeseI love me some chicken wings, and this is my go-to place in Nola. Ordered Hot Wings and Tenders- Pepper Jelly and Lemon Pepper -and both were great.
Ordered over the phone, drove straight there and everything was ready. The counter person was very friendly-- in and out in a couple of minutes even though they seemed pretty busy.I've tried all the wings I could find in this city and Bayou Hot Wings takes the cake by a landslide in both price and quality. All of their sauces are inventive and full of flavor, any promise for spiciness is always delivered, and after trying every flavor on the menu I can safely say none of them have disappointed me. The pepper jelly wings are so good I had dreams about them the first time I tried them. The beast wings are also out of this world good. If you're looking for perfectly fried chicken tossed in incredible sauces, look no further my friends.Decent enough that I ate till I was full, but probably won't go back.  I got the tenders, tried bayou sweet heat (supposed to be medium, tasted more on the mild side, but still good) and garlic parmesan.  They were pretty tasty, was expecting more heat, but that's alright, as long as I like the flavor, which I did.  I just wish there had been some more moisture.  Pretty sure they are fried to be crispy, but I enjoy a bit of a softer skin so the sauce can kinda soak into it.  
They have glass bottled soda there which was so cold little bits of ice were in the bottles...SO REFRESHING! 
In the middle of writing this review got an upset stomach.  Oh well.  
Ashley H was nice and polite and made sure everyone was taken care of before she helped out in the back.I was seriously craving some wings, and I was starving after working all day and then running some errands afterwards. 
I tried to do carry out at a wing stop that I've ordered from before; but they're no longer at that location. So I went home and ran through the options on Postmates, and I found bayou wings. 
I placed my order and couldn't wait to get my wings and other items. Now just to be clear, my issue isn't with the driver, delivery, or the process; he still got the proper tip because he did his job!!! 
My issue is that the "wings" are tiny, and they were cold and just didn't taste that well. If I wasn't starving, they wouldn't have been eaten by me. I really 100% believe that could have done better by picking up some microwave, frozen wings for 1/3rd the price. I'm so not happy with this food but will eat it because (see above), I'm starving right now. I know I won't order from here again; at least not wings. 
The celery is good, the ranch is a cheap bottled ranch-ish salad dressing from sams club; but the mozz sticks were really good.
Edit... I really am totally amazed by the reviews on here. The raves about the wings and everything else. Amazed and saddened that so many people enjoy chicken wings, with almost no chicken on them. 
This is the beginning of the end to where the wings at this place get so many recommendations and good reviews. It also makes me seriously question yelp reviews from this point  forward. These can't all be real!!!Wings a little on the small side, but very good!  Pepper Jelly and Sweet Heat very good.I absolutely love this place and would recommend it to everyone! There food is at a decent price for the quality and the people are nice. I always get my wings tossed in bayou sweet heat. Also if you get an order of cheese sticks get it tossed in there garlic parmesan sauce you will be amazed.Ordered Take-Out over the phone. They got my food done in 10 minutes. Awesome service. Very friendly. Great Sandwich. 
No room to just chill and relax to eat. It's so small.So delicious! I wanna go back and try more sauces! Chicken wings were crispy and fresh. Onions rings were also crispy with the right amount of seasoning. 
I just wish it was a bigger space with better seating because it always gets cramped in there.The wings were just ok. Nothing special at all. I got a 10 piece half lemon pepper and half pepper jelly. Actually kind of liked the pepper jelly just didn't like the fact that the wings were breaded.They have really great flavors and sides. The wings are just a bit small, and usually very oily.These are by far my favorite hot wings. I usually get the bayou hot boy flavor and it is just the right amount of hot for me. I love their homemade blue cheese dressing too. Call ahead for quick friendly service.Good wings and sweet potato fries. Recommend calling in to order and picking up to go. I like the Thai flavor. Although the lot can be a little chaotic there is parking available!Hot wings galore? The locals here seem to really like this place. I'm not a wings person, but I can taste why everyone likes it. I suppose it was in the way it was cooked. I think they marinate the wings the night before and do it again before cooking. I remember being told something like that... Nonetheless, there was a kick of flavor to it. Although the wings weren't super big, they were crispy and delicious. We're going for quality here... And on that note, I heard that the host of this food show from the Travel channel (?) stopped by this place as his first pit stop when he first got off the plane. So Bayou Hot Wings' reputation does flow far and wide. Let's sum this place up as legit with all its homemade ingredients. :)
You can grab the sampler and enjoy something different: alligator and frog legs. It was fried so don't be freaked out that it would be super strange. The burger they had was delish! I'm also not a burger fan, but their patty was thick, moist, and flavorful. My guy friend said having one of these bad boys will leave him full for hours. The potato salad that a friend requested be ordered was decent. I'm sort of picky when it comes to potato salads, but it was tasty nonetheless. The jambalaya that was also order was pretty good. I think it could have used more seasoning, but then again we sat outside where the wind sort of cooled the food off so we weren't able to taste its wholesome goodness. It was still yummy though. Lol. 
This is a grab and go place. There were bar seats that can fit like 5 or 6 folks, but other than that, order your food to go. Well, to be fair, there are picnic tables outside, but that's not really an option when the weather doesn't permit. And the owner, well, one of them that I met, was pretty cool. Good food comes from good people. :)
Until we met again, my last meal here in New Orleans was satisfying.Great flavors!!! The wings are too small.. I'll be back but only if the wings are bigger.Some of the best wings in the city!!!! Great staff. Owner is super cool. They've been featured in some pretty cool shows and papers. By the bayou hotboy flavor. Spot on with spice and flavorMy roommate introduced me to this place & I can't get enough of it! They have the best burgers & wingsI've been coming here for years in which it was always good! Yet just recently I've noticed something has changed, not sure if it's because  new people are cooking, or the wings are smaller but there's something definitely different.Wings were heavily breaded, soggy and they were barely covered in sauce. Coleslaw and ranch dressing were decent....Really solid wing joint. The flavors were great. Had the garlic parm and the chipotle bbq. I'm giving it a 3/5 because the wings were the smallest I've ever eaten(anywhere). I'm worried what would be left if they forwent the not-so-necessary breading.  BHW - your flavors can only carry you so far. Get bigger wings, ditch the breading. I'll be back.I really didn't know this place was there its hiding behind the Shell on Claiborne. Its a very small place probably not the best place to sit in because there is like only 4 chairs, but its a good place to take out food.
The first thing I need to talk about is the Sweet Pot Fries, which is delicious yams! It was probably the best sweet potatoe fries I ever tasted. These have the right mixture of sweets and taste of salt that truly made for the need for my happy fry dance that I just created.
I had the Bayou 1/2 burger which was great and actually well done. Most burgers never get done the way I asked but they actually made sure I didn't see any red. It also had a very great flavor to it, that I didn't even need any of the special sauces.
The staff was beyond friendly! The front staff as well as the chef in the back was really nice and spoke to us all, I really like seeing great staffs in front and back, which makes me want to visit more; because this is the type of place that seems to build relationships with their patrons.
Will be back to try the wings!Living in Atlanta, I've eaten my fair share of wings...you name it, I've tried them at least once.
I visited New Orleans recently for my birthday weekend and after eating steaks, seafood, pizzas, and sushi, I had a craving for wings.
I'd like to say Thank You to Yelp for introducing me to Bayou Hot Wings, but actually I am upset.  I've been craving the Bayou Sweet Heat since the day I left NOLA and I'm sad that there isn't a Bayou Hot Wings here in Atlanta!  
Wet, sweet, tangy, and a little spicy.  Everything that I usually don't prefer in a wing, but I was converted.  For me, it was that good and Bayou Hot Wings is on my "must see" places to eat when I visit New Orleans again.I was in the mood for some wings and after checking reviews on Yelp decided to give Bayou Wings a shot. It's in a small shopping center next to a UPS Store, a Circle K, and some other eateries and right away when you walk in you realize that this place is meant for carry out - there's barely anywhere to sit. 
I opted to try 10 wings, 5 of their garlic butter parmesan and 5 of their sweet hot - both "signature, recommended" sauces and a side of the homemade ranch. They proudly advertise that their hot sauces are made with Crystal hot sauce which struck me as odd, as most chefs/cooks take some pride in putting together their own spice concoctions.
How were the wings? Forgettable. First off, the wings are breaded and then fried (much like some big chains like Hooters do) which leaves your bite with very little chicken and very much fried-breaded filler. The meat was fine, there just didn't seem to be much of it. 
The sauces? Well, the garlic butter parmesan isn't really a sauce at all. They put some garlic butter on the fried wings which soak them up, and instantly lose all crunch and then they just melt some parmesan cheese on top - giving the already soggy wings a weird chewy, springy consistency where the cheese globs are. They tasted passable but not something I'd recommend anybody spend money on.
The sweet-hot sauce was better but just ended up tasting like somebody added brown sugar to a bottle of Crystal. I wanted to like them but after 4 I decided that I'd had enough.
I don't quite get the love for this place - maybe I just came at an off time (lunch) - but I can't say I'm in any kind of a rush to get back to Bayou.This is the go to place for hot wings in the city. They make their own sauces which are amazing. If you've never tried alligator, you must try their gator bites. One of their cooks, Paul, makes the most amazing of any I've eaten. His fried pickles are also out of this world!Best wings in the South! Stumbled upon this place on Lundi Gras and discovered it was on Man v. Food. I was mainly excited to try their frog and alligator for the first time. And you know how it goes, if you have something for the first time and it was a horrible experience you may not ever go back to trying it again. Well fortunately Bayou Hot Wings made it an awesome first experience when trying frog and alligator for the first time. The meat for both was very well cooked and fried. Frog legs really taste just like chicken just more moist then you'd expect chicken to be. The alligator bites tasted just like chicken nuggets!
I totally pigged out and also ordered the Parmesan garlic chicken. The wings were a good size and definitely had more meat on them than your local wingstop. Perfect seasoning and everything tasted absolutely divine. By far the best wings I've ever had. So mid way through devouring my food, my buddy sends an original hot wing my way so I could sample. Now I regret til this day, and until I return to NOLA, that should have ordered the hot wings. 
Highly recommend this place to any visitors and travelers from out of town. Small shop with the best wings in town.
Until next time NOLA.Had this for lunch today because I was craving a buffalo chicken sandwich for a while. Decided to try Bayou because it's right down the street from my office. One of the best buffalo chicken sandwiches I've ever had! Top 3 for sure! The chicken breast was huge, enough for me to make 2 sandwiches (pretty sure the split the breast so it's not too thick)! It was very juicy and the batter was very well seasoned. I had the "bayou hotboy" sauce on it and it was sooo good! Spicy but not overly hot and kinda tangy, they use Crystal hot sauce as a base for the sauces. It comes with seasoned fries which were pretty good too. I will def be back here again!This place is awesome. Not only is the food great, the staff is amazing. I get my chicken tenders extra crispy, no problem for them. Sauce is amazing and price is reasonable for the food that you get. Definitely check this place out.Visiting my friend J, she told me this was The. Best. Wing. Spot. No exaggerations. So, she finally takes me. And...yes, out of this whole trip?  Best chicken. 
She ordered the 10 piece wings in bayou sweet heat with blue cheese. And she swears that their blue cheese is amazing. And I got the 5 piece tenders in bayou sweet heat and chipotle BBQ with a side of ranch. And of course, an order of fries (seasoned steak fries, if you're interested). I didn't try the wings, but looking at J's face while she was eating them, you just knew that she was in heaven. I like wings, but- I'll take boneless any day. It just gets in my belly faster. And it's less messy. Plus, if they can do white meat right, you know they can do it all. And they definitely do it right. The chicken was perfect- crispy and juicy and the sauces were delicious. Chipotle BBQ had just the right amount of heat and bayou sweet heat was like a buffalo sauce, but better. And the ranch was perfectly complementary. And perfect for fry dipping! 
It's a small place with..maybe 8-12 stools, but on a sunny day, there's a couple picnic tables in front. The people were lovely and the food was delicious. I'm sure I'll be back in nola in the near future and it'll definitely be my first stop in when I'm back.A great place to eat wings. There are a multitude of flavors.  I have not been let down yet with the service.Had the chicken tenders with sweet heat sauce on side. Sauce was tasty but should have gone hotter. My chicken was a bit overdone. Tough to bite into. Definitely fresh chicken, not frozen, pre-prepared.  Will try again but was not pleased in first try.Great food, Personable service, and a full belly!!
Found this place on a random search for wings and wasn't disappointed. The guys there were extremely helpful and knew their menu well. Definitely will be back for more! #yumzHey all, it's Kent Coleman! Every once in a while I like to revisit places that I have eaten and wrote reviews on, figured I should update my review. My old review mentioned something along the lines of walking through 3,654 square miles of Mexican Lime Cactus to get another bite of their Caesar salad. Well, let me tell you nothing has changed, but I would make the same commitment for their Chipotle BBQ burger, Chipotle BBQ wings (I'm a big wing guy now wasn't before), and the onion rings. Just a heads up, I'll be back in the game soon all! KC, checking out.The chicken wings are a little small but have tons of flavor. Good fries and great sauces. I prefer the basic bayou hot boy. My friends love the boneless wings (chicken tenders).Let me start by saying I LOVE wings!!! When the proverbial "where do you want to eat ?" conversation comes up, 70-75% of the time I'm suggesting wings.
Since moving to New Orleans I've tried a number of wing spots and BAYOU HOT WINGS is one of the best. The wings were so good, me and my wife went back the same night, actually within an hour!!! 
Needless to say this spot is highly recommended and I ordered Lemon Pepper and hot boy.This place has the best wings I've ever had in my life. The pepper jelly wings are out of control. I mean, freakin ridiculous. And the bayou sweet heat is killer too. Sadly however I have yet to try their hot wing challenge. I don't think I'd win.Came by for a quick midweek lunch, and shared a variety of wings, jambalaya and fries. Their wing sauce is definitely a winner, as everything from sweet BBQ to Beast (hottest menu flavour) was packed with flavour and heat.  Sadly the wings were very undersized, making an order of 10 barely enough for lunch. 
A word to the wise, this place is small. We were a group of 7 and completely filled the small dining space (stools against the window only). This should be considered a take out business only.
If it wasn't for one member of the group taking on and completing the Bayou Beast hot wing challenge (10 off the menu hot wings in 5 minutes) this would be the least memorable meal of our trip to New Orleans. 
In 4 words:  Great Sauce, Small WingsYOOOOOO!!!! I kid you not when I tell you I traveled from SEATTLE for these wings!! Best. Wings. Ever. Hands down. Seriously the best wings I've ever had in my life, in the whole wide world. Yummers!! I had the chipotle BBQ wings. I wish we had them back home. Pay the owners a visit. Their story is very inspiring and food is absolutely yummy. (and they are both really cute too!) :-) ENJOY YELPERS!!Wings were pretty delicious. Lots of good sauces to choose from. Steak cut fries with a Cajun seasoning on them too. 
Friendly service as well. It's nestled in a small shopping center.Never in my 19 years have I tasted such a delicious pepper jelly on such an unbelievably well fried chicken wing. Was turned on to Bayou Hot Wings by Adam Richman of travel channel, finished watching the episode and went straight to get my wings. Great wings, great onion rings, great ranch sauce, and PHENOMENAL PEPPER JELLY!!!!! Will be returning Oren!Great Wings! Came in for take out and the person who took my order was nice! Even recommended some flavors! The fries are seasoned so good and the wingsss, oh man dont get me started with the wings. They were too good! Not long of a wait either! Will definitely be back!My absolute favorite spot for wings in the Greater New Orleans area. I pick up from here every single Sunday before the NFL games kickoff, and every single Sunday I have a great lunch. Their seasoned fries are excellent, as well.The place is pretty small, but that's expected since it's a wing shop. I had a burger and some onion rings. Both were really good! Tasted as if two Greek gods (Zeus and Aphrodite) were passionately fornicating in my mouth. Would eat here again. Next time I'm trying the wings!Food was very good and yummy. First time there since moving back to city a month ago ... definitely will be backDelicious chicken tenders and the fries and rings are just as good! Really loved the sauces we tried too!! Can't go wrong here!The wings are nasty and the ranch sauce is also. I went back a couple of days ago and tried the grilled chicken wrap was good. Too pricey for a chicken wrap $9.40. Can find better wings and food somewhere else.This place is waaaay overrated.  The wings were cold, soggy and tiny, and the bayou heat sauce was not even that good - overall, they were terrible.  
The wings were not properly cooked. They were obviously flash fried so that the outside was warm but the inside was cold and there were drowned in sauce which made the breading soggy and texturally gross.  Also, these wings must have come from the world's smallest chickens as they were soooo tiny.  They just weren't quality - I guess they're cheaper because there wasn't a lot of meat but a lot of other 'parts'.
Perhaps I'm spoiled because I have actually lived in Buffalo, where the wings are enormous and my favorite place made them really saucy without being soggy.  Also, I lived in NYC for a long time, where you can get really good wings (really good everything if you know where to go).  Finally, I'm a KFC fan - no, not the colonel, but Korean Fried Chicken, which is freaking amazing.  It's the epitome of crispy, saucy, tasty, and large chicken wings and drums - so, it's possible to have all this, but you won't get anything like this at Bayou Hot Wings.  
Anyway, given my wings 'credentials',  I feel like I know good wings and Bayou Hot Wings is not even close.  If people think their wings are good, I would venture to say they haven't had really good wings before.  The one positive thing I can say is that the service was nice.  I really wanted to like the food, but was totally disappointed.  Needless to say, I will not be back.This wing place is super great! My boyfriend and I have ordered take out twice, both times our order was ready within 15 minutes. We've only had the wings and the fries, and both are top notch. We've had the bayou hot boy, sweet bayou (I think that was the name), and the garlic parm sauce flavors. The bayou hot boy is my personal favorite. It's spicy, but not painfully so. All of the sauces have tremendous flavor. The wings are crispy yet meaty. The fries are super delish. The only item I've had that I haven't cared for was the ranch. It's a little garlicky for my taste. The bleu cheese, however, is perfection. 
Give these guys a try the next time you're craving some chicken wing goodness!I just love Buffalo Wings!!  Actually, I'm a bigger fan of boneless wings :-).  We ordered both right before a noon Saints game and they were still ready in only 20 minutes!  We ordered bone in and boneless wings and the seasoned fries.  We ordered the Sweet Heat and the Garlic Butter Parmesan.  To us, the SH was not hot at all and the GBP was very tasty (they put fresh parmesan cheese and that got kind of crusty but still yummy).  The french fries were to die for and they were a good portion size to share!!  My only request is that they serve larger portions of ranch/blue cheese and celery.  
They don't offer table seating so it's mostly counter service but that's perfect for wings.  
We will definitely order again but will opt for the spicier flavors!Been coming here for years. Best chicken in New Orleans. Get the tenders with Bayou Hot Boy sauce!  Service is always spectacular. A Tulane students weekly go-to! Plus Man vs. Food came here!First time visitor... usually don't like breaded wings, but these were great.  Tried the sweet heat that everyone mentions on here, and was very pleased, will go hotter next time.  The breading was crunchy and not soggy at all, even after sitting in the go-box for a while.  The meat was done--bones came out clean and the meat was not all stringy, which is great to see in a wing place.  Will be back to sample the other sauces.These wings are the real deal. I've noticed that a few reviews say that the wings are breaded, which may be true, but I have never has an order where I've forked off a glob of breaded dough!  I hate wings like that and these wings, I love them! I live right up the street so the temptation to just sign my check over to them is always looming over my head. The trick is to order the 20 piece, go to the Circle K and grab a 99 cent drink or not if you have those at home, sit outside and watch the cars zoom by (it takes a minute for them to dish up your meal), and then take it home and enjoy! You'll never be sorry!I would walk through 3,654 square miles of Mexican Lime Cactus just to get another bite of that Caesar Salad and chicken tenders.This place is one of my favorite wing places in New Orleans! The employees are very friendly as well. I also love how the seats face the wall, because I don't want people to see me eating wingsA few friends and I stopped by on our way back to Houston.  We heard from friends that the wings were "fall off the bone tender" so we had to check it out.  First thing I noticed was the staff was super friendly.  We ordered wings, gator bites, chicken tenders, and sweet potato fries.  The wings were amazingly tender and tasty.  The gator bites were delicious even though the batter was a bit salty or my taste.  The chicken tender pieces were large and fresh.  The sweet potato fries were a good consistency, just crispy enough but not over fried.  The wings were on the small side which which probably helps be more tender.  The prices are good at 50 cents a wing.  I've read comments about how the wing flavors are not hot enough.  The hottest flavor isn't on the menu and you need to sign a disclaimer to eat it.  Buffalo Wild Wing would lose my business if there was a Bayou Hot Wings located in Houston.Was pretty bummed when I moved back to town and found out that Wingzone had been replaced, but Bayou Hot Wings made up for that real quick.
Me and some buddies decided to have some wings for the Saints game this weekend.
Decided to go with the Bayou Sweet Heat wings.  They were might tasty. Sweet and Spicy. Not too spicy, tho. Will probably try the next spice up next time.
Onion rings were perfect and I shamelessly put down most of my large order.
If you love wings, you should definitely try this place out. They even have gator and frog legs on the menu!Food was fresh, wing flavored were on point and chicken was crispy what more could you want.  Oh and prices are super fair.Hot wings. Yaaaaaas! I LOVE these chicken wings and will now only come to Bayou wings when I want anything buffalo. Their buffalo wrap is awesome and my favorite thing there. If you want classic fried buffalo wings with a twist, look no further. 
These wings are fresh and made to order. Like the girl at the counter says, you would be stupid to come to a wing place and not order wings. 
The Beast challenge is 10 of their hottest wings in under 5 minutes. You aren't even allowed to try the sauce without signing a waiver. The pictures of people trying it look absolutely miserable. 
We did try the hottest on the menu and I thought that was hot even for me who likes spice. I prefer the hot boy flavor the best. It's not mild, but not crazy hot so you can still enjoy the flavor of the sauce. You must also not pass up the house made blue cheese dressing. Everything here is made with quality ingredients and you can tell!
The only thing I don't like about Bayou wings is there is no place to sit. Other than the 4 bar stools inside and 2 picnic tables in the parking lot its not really conducive for a sit down meal. I am hoping their success continues and they are able to open a bigger location.Delicious wings.
I like chicken tenders more and their chicken tenders are legit. A lot of white meat chicken breaded to perfection.
Friendly service. Fries were also delicious.
Great for comfort foodThis place did not disappoint! I was looking for some good wings while passing through New Orleans and saw the reviews on yelp! I had the Chipotle BBQ wings, and they were absolutely amazing!! I also had the grilled chicken sandwich which was equally as good too! What's even better is the customer service! The guy taking our order took the time to explain the different sauces and made us feel so welcome! Will definitely stop by next time I'm in town!This place is great! 
They have the best tasting chicken wings and fried chicken tenders in the area.  The sauce options are all delictable and well varied to appeal to many different tastes.  I love the pepper jelly.  It is my favorite.  I need to try some different ones but the pepperjelly is so good I have not really gone through them all.  I have tried the thai chili glaze and it was delicious too, but, pepper jelly is better. 
The onion rings are made fresh, well seasoned, and thick sliced.
The French fries are what I classify as steak fries but they have a nice airy texture and are really good.  They are served tossed in house made cajun seasoning.
The restauraunt is very small with a few bars to eat at long the walls and two larger picnic tables outside.  They do a lot of togo business.  The drink selectioms are primarily glass bottles.
A note on the chicken wings: they are not those freakishly huge chicken wings; they are on the smaller side.Heard good things about this place so I finally decided to check bayou hot wings out. Happy I did because the wings were some of the best wings I ever had!Omg soooo good! Loved their wings! Def coming back here. I tried their bayou heat, garlic butter parmesan, lemon pepper and the chili one which I can't remember the name...lol. The garlic parm we're good but my least favorite. I say that bc they had the least amt of flavor for,me.Personable, courteous, helpful staff. Clean place. 
The food was fresh, made to order, crispy wings, good flavor. Onion rings were awesome! Fresh made dressings to accompany the wings. Will be back!!This is one of my go to spots to get wings in the NOLA area. Came in and got the 15 pc wings coated Bayou Hotboy sauce. It comes with a cup of either ranch or blue cheese. I chose Ranch. In addition to the wings, I got a regular order of garlic Parmesan fries. Everything was pretty good. Prices of the wings are relatively cheap compared to other places around the New Orleans area. Some people think it's weird to have wings breaded and then coated in sauce, but I like it. They are a variety of sauces to choose from. I like the Bayou Hotboy because it is not too sweet and not too spicy. It is just right. The downside to this place is the limited seating inside the restaurant and how small the wings are. If you are ever in the area and are craving wings, you should definitely check this place out! In addition to wings, they offer other things like tenders, alligator bites, fried shrimp, wraps, salads, and sandwiches.This is a great place to grab uniquely textured wings. 
I love the tempura batter with the sweet heat sauce. The batter gives their wings a succulent texture that holds together incredibly well. It's like the hot sauce absorbs in the batter and doesn't end up on our plate.  Their service is fast and friendly.  Their wings are consistently of good quality!Best wings I've ever had! Reviews were right on: must get the pepper jelly sauce. My son got the chipotle bbq on the frog legs, which also was greatThe wings with Bayou Hotboy sauce are about as good as it gets.I've only had the Thai Chili wings. They were so good the 20 times I've been here I keep ordering the same thing.I was lookin' for a wing place BETTER than WOW, and I found it. 
I got the deep fried wings in garlic butter parmesan and chipotle bbq. You could probably pass on the garlic butter parmesan... the cheese just kinda turns all plastic-y on top of the chicken... but the chipotle bbq has some good flavor! the fries are your typical steak fries. Staff is really friendly. I have always ordered to-go since there is really no place to sit and eat in there. They haven't gotten an order wrong so far.Was first on the list of food to try in Nola thanks to Man Finds Food with Adam Richman (foodnetwork) Tried the pepper jelly wings, Honey BBQ, and Teriyaki, all out of this world. Will be going back one more time before the vacation is done to try the frog legs and xtra spicy wings.Visiting frome cali, awesome wings! Staff was on point and very friendly. Definitely going back for a wing challenge before we leave.I was expecting more after reading yelp reviews and the testimony from travel channel. Full disclosure, I ordered takeout over the phone, but I arrived when they said my order would be ready and it only takes about 5 minutes for me to get home. They have a wide selection of sauces and I chose the wings, half bayou hotboy and half garlic. Neither seemed terribly fresh. The garlic was pretty dry with some kind of cheese sauce on it that had hardened into a long string of glob before I got to eat them. The bayou hotboy was pretty soggy. Neither were very hot or fresh. The fries were delicious, like steak fries with seasoning. I've definitely had better wings, but they weren't too bad. The prices are pretty good, so it's worth a try. Maybe I caught them on an off day. 
On the plus side, the staff is excellent. Very kind and friendly!My boyfriend has turned me into a wing fanatic. I never meant for it to happen, but it did. We probably ordered from Wing Zone once a month and when the South Claiborne location closed, we were at somewhat of a loss. Soon we saw that a new, local wing shack was opening in its place. After a massive wing letdown experience (they're not open on Sunday nights!) the owners went out of their way to make it up to me with a free sample of their awesome fried pickles and make sure to thank us for our business every time we order. We have now ordered about 5 times and sampled nearly every flavor and I have to say I've forgotten about Wing Zone entirely. While a few of the flavors could use a bit more heat in my opinion, the actual flavor profiles are quite pleasing and the portions are generous. We get the wings without the breading and stick with fries as a side (they're thick cut, fresh and perfectly seasoned) and we're never disappointed. The Chipotle BBQ and Thai Chili are favorites. One of these days we'll branch out and get something other than wings...maybe...These are the best wings in town. We were riding around looking for A place to get some good wings and decided to try this one out, man are we glad we stopped. wewe went with the level III and they weren't too hot and they were super affordable. Mozzarella sticks and sweet potato fries make it PERFECTSolid little place conveniently located across from Tulane. I've been here around 5x and have had very average experiences with my friends. 
The wings aren't that meaty so I don't recommend them. The chicken tenders are actually much better. I personally like the mild hot sauce, the Asian zing sauce I didn't like that much. They also charge you so much money on the drinks, so I prefer to go to the mini-mart across the street to get more bang for your buck. 
This place is honestly very hit or miss though. I personally would rather go to a BWW over this, but that's just my two cents. Haven't been here in over a year, and do not plan on it. They are extremely slow and unfriendly. 
Pass.Best place to get chicken wings/tenders/sandwiches in New Orleans. The owners make you feel at home. The service is absolutely amazing. I haven't tried something on the menu I haven't liked. Their flavors are so diverse that you come back trying a different sauce. Bayou Hot Wings is life. Bayou Hot Wings is home. I promise you you'll love it. Shoutout to Allen Nguyen. My man!Greatest wings ever! I love the fact that you can't get these kind of wings anywhere else. The flavors are very unique and delicious. If it's your first time going and you wanna know what's good, anything is really! As far as wings, try the BAYOU SWEET wings. They are equally sweet as they are spicy but not too spicy. The BAYOU SWEET HEAT are the ones infused with tabasco sauce and are soooooo good! Perfect meal for after a good tree tasting. The only problem is that if you're in a rush, don't go there or plan ahead. Because these wings are specially made by owners, it takes longer than your usual wing shack would to get the food out. But, the good thing about it all is that when you do get it, its AWESOME!!Just opened up in my neighborhood, and we really enjoyed. The staff is very friendly... We got the Bayou Tender, and they were really yummy - nice tender chicken, and their signature sauce (Bayou Sweet Heat) was really tasty! Might try the spicier sauce next time. Also, got the regular size sweet potato fries - nice portions, the large must be gigantic. 
We'll be back for sure!Coming from a guy who loves chicken wings... These are legit! Have to get the pepper jelly if your having a tough time choosing. Nothing special about the location, if your coming here it's for the food. Staff is really friendly!Their wing sauce is great, one of the few places that actually makes it spicy enough! They put out some great fried food too, everything I've had has been cooked perfectly and tastes like the oil is kept fresh. Their burgers are really good too!
The reason I gave 3 stars instead of 4 is that their actual hot wings leave something to be desired. To start, I personally prefer unbreaded wings over breaded, but figured I'd give the wings a try. The first thing I noticed was that there was barely any sauce on them. I usually order the strips with wing sauce on them and I have never had this issue before. It seems like they regularly undersauce their wings too, there's been other reviews with the same complaint. Secondly, the wings did not have much meat on them, I'd say there's more breading than meat on them. While their prices are very low, I'd rather pay the same amount for less wings that are more substantial than the current ones they use.
Stick to the tenders, burgers, shrimp, and sides. They are all very good. However, their wings just don't hit the spot.The wings are great, and true to their name; significantly hot. Novio and I usually order for pick-up and they often get our order wrong; there are six pieces instead of ten, or only one order of celery. Bayou Beast are certainly difficult to swallow and you may shed a few tears, otherwise they are delicious. They do have milder flavors like the garlic herb parmesan wings or the teriyaki, which are equal the savory minus the spiceeey. Also very affordable on a college students budget.If u want good chicken wings, def come here. And their frog legs are amazing! Chipotle bbq sauce is goodLove it - affordable, great fried pickles and every sauce is a new adventure.Great Wings! Came in for take out and the person who took my order was nice! Even recommended some flavors! The fries are seasoned so good and the wingsss, oh man dont get me started with the wings. They were too good! Not long of a wait either! Will definitely be back!This is my go to spot for chicken,  fast, friendly,  never had an issue there with any of the staff or food, I recommend the bayou hot boy on tenders with fries and don't forget a drink!!!!Solid wings at a good price with a variety of sauces. If you enjoy wings with meat and not excessive breading this is the place to be. Service is great and the wait for fresh fried wings isn't unbearable beyond the mouth watering caused by the amazing smells.Honestly, the BEST wings I've ever had. they're the perfect size with the right amount of sauce to bring it all together. I usually order delivery, but the few times I've visited their location has always been pleasant with fast service. The jambalaya from here is also amazing. This place is my go-to for anyone looking to get some wings.I am not really a wing guy but my gf is.  She said they were pretty good but nothing to masterbate over.  The burger was above average.  I would even put in in the top runnings in the city.  I would go back and get another burger.We tried a few different wing sauce flavors and the were just okay. We ordered 2 dozen wings and we're ready after 5 minutes. The wings were already cooked so they were old and stale. Not impressed at all and will never return.My husband I am originally from Florida and ever since we moved to New Orleans we have been in search for a good wing place. This is the best we have found and we are both really pleased with them. 
We decided to give them a try during a football game. My husband said that staff was very friendly and happy to serve, even though we just had a take out order. 
The wings were great, they fall off the bone, I really enjoyed the fries, they were seasoned really well, we also had the fried pickles which were excellent!I ordered the garlic parmesan tenders tonight...knocked my socks off, per usual. The real treat, however, was the associate who went the extra step to try and find my name on the Diet Coke bottle...made my night. Thanks Bayou Hot Wings!! I'll definitely be back.Aight, here's the run down.
Willie's was aight, but Bayou Hot Wings is next level. The wings were crispy and very flavorful. My favorite one was the buffalo, as it wasn't so overbearingly hot and it had the write kind of tangy. The service is top notch, there is some outdoor seating, and tons of parking! We were also treated to watching some people do the restaurant's Bayou Beast Hot Wings Challenge, and watching one succeed, one omitted, and one quit.I visited NOLA for a friend's wedding and before leaving had to stop by Bayou Hot Wings. Definitely the best wings EVER!
My friends and I shared the sweet potato fries with pepper jelly and honey bbq wings. It was AMAZING. I love the batter and the overall flavors. 
It's a small place, but the service is great. Everyone is so friendly there. 
I wish they were in Dallas. No doubt I'll be back!I wish I had more time to try all of their sauces! The ones I did try were mostly incredible. I've had better garlic parm but the bayou sweet heat, teriyaki and especially the pepper jelly were all out of this world. Can't rave about that pepper jelly enough! The wings could be a little bigger but the amazing flavorful sauces make up for it. I also tried my first frog legs here wish were pretty interesting. Good overall. I can't wait to go back.Good food, which is served FRESH and HOT, and great customer service.  However, since it is made to order, it takes a long time!  I recommend calling ahead.I am in love with chicken wings! Normally, I'll stick to my usual spots and this place reminded me why I do. I went here based on the great reviews.  Let me begin by saying review is based solely on the chicken wings. 
It's easy to get to and there is ample parking. Two things that can be hard to find in New Orleans and two things that made me want to like this place. Not mention, I didn't feel like I should be "packing heat" while walking to the entrance. 
The girl at the counter and the guy in the kitchen were both very friendly. The service was prompt and it didn't take too long for my order.  The prices were reasonable as well. 
This brings me to the quality of the chicken wings. First, the wings are breaded. Couple that with them being lathered in sauce and undercooked the wings were cool and by cool I mean temperature. I brought the wings home and had to put them in the oven to cook them to make them crispy and hot. 
I will say the homemade blue cheese is fantastic! I don't think I could've eaten the wings without it. 
Hopefully, your experience is much better than mine. The wings would've been much better had they been "naked". With that being said I guess I'll have to go back to the places where I feel like I have to pack heat to get to the entrance.Often we call ahead to ask if a particular restaurant takes reservations or if they have a children's menu.  We even sometimes call to see if there's outdoor seating.  Never did I ever think to call and ask if an eating establishment had A CHAIR AND A TABLE INSIDE.  The only table seating was in the parking lot SHARED WITH THE CIRCLE K Convenient Store!!  In South Louisiana?  In June?  Between the heat and unpredictable showers at least we have a choice between melting and drowning.  Luckily, it wasn't that hot and didn't rain.  We only had to deal with the flies.  Aside from the horrible accommodations, the burgers were fantastic and the fried sides were very very good.  If this place were in a larger space or if the outdoor seating was in a courtyard instead of a trashy parking lot, it would get a 4 star rating.  The service was very hospitable and gracious.  This is a perfect example of the cliche, "you can't serve prime grade filet mignon on a garbage can lid."Amazing wings!!!! Try the Korean wings!!! So yummy and filling!!!! We are visiting from Texas and can definitely say this was one of our favorite places! Cheap and great wings!!!Thought I was going to Wing Stop but to my surprise it's now this new place. The food was just okay. The fries needed salt and the hottest wings they had weren't hot at all. Friendly staff though.Always great, always fresh. Staff is always pleasant and efficient. 
I drive from the 9th Ward for these and I'm always pleased. Onion Rings are the best I've ever had. Prices are great.Very friendly staff, however the food was a HUGE disappointment.  The wings were small and VERY oily and just tasted a little off.  Also ordered the hottest wings they had and those were not hot at all.  Frankly, I can't see myself ever going there again (even though we got Wing Zone like every week when it was there) because the food is so bad.  I may not even be convinced to eat their food again if it were free.Do not order catering from this place if you are in a hurry!
I ordered a mere 100 wing order at 1:00 P.M for a 9:00 P.M pickup. I specifically asked how long they needed to know ahead of time and was told it was ample. When I arrived at the store, a little after 9:00 P.M, I was informed that the wings had not been cooked or sauced yet and this was supposed to be a "courtesy" so my wings wouldn't be cold.
Thanks to atrocious service, I was cost 20 valuable minutes to an incredibly time-sensitive event and came in with very small wings to show for it.
THANKS BAYOU HOT WINGS!!Overall, very disappointing. I came in based off of the great reviews and was pleased with the service. After that it went mostly down hill. The wings are pretty small and mainly bone. The sauce was nice and hot and basically saved the wings. The fries had a great seasoning on them and were a nice size. Was given a very small size portion of dipping sauce without carrots or celery. For the portion size a bit over priced.I like my chicken wings spicy.  Bayou hot wings has this down.  The Bayou Beast sauce is excellent - kicks like a mule and only gets spicier as you keep going.  I've tried a couple of other sauces and been pretty impressed (not so much the korean option) but you can't go wrong when you stick to basics.  I always thought wings should be easy to get right but after enduring repeated visits to wow wingery and/or sad delivery meals from Wingzone as a student I know to appreciate consistency and quality.Went here after seeing Man Finds Food and having a serious desire for the Pepper Jelly wings. I went in and was treated very well by one of the co-owners as he took my order. I tried 4 flavors: pepper jelly, steen's cane syrup bbq, thai chili, and bayou hot boy. Bayou hot boy may be the best wing I've ever tasted in my life. I want to come back and try the whole rest of the menu.First time eating here today. I got the grilled chicken wrap. BEST WRAP IVE EVER HAD. Legit.I have been here a few times and had the wings! i always forget what i get but allen usually remembers for me ahah!sweet bbq? Im obsessed with sweet potatoe fries sooo i have them everywhere i go and bayou hot wingsss fries are def one of my favs! next time ill have to try the burger though! this guy next meee was killin' it and making all them MmMm and ohh yeahs he got me cravin'! keep up the goood workkk guys :)Friendly staff, quick service, and amazing wings!! Can't wait to try the rest of the flavorsOk. Really wanted some good hot wings and read all the good reviews of Bayou hot wings.  First the good. Wait staff was very friendly, wings were tasty, price was reasonable.  BUT they must have gotten the wings and drummettes from the smallest chickens on the planet. Seriously.  I ordered the 10 piece and if you combined all the meat you may have gotten 3~4 real wings. Won't be going back.These are the best wings in the whole New Orleans metro area. The sweet heat with some bleu cheese sauce is where it's at. my only complaint is that they cram all your food in one tiny little box.Hands down best wings I have ever had. Possibly of all time? In any case, the service is always great. 
I have tried most of the wings and have yet to encounter a wing I don't like. My pick is the chipotle bar-b-que wings. Get them and thank me later.It was my first time in and let me start by saying the guy at the counter was very helpful and friendly. I really wanted to 5 star this place I had high hopes but, unfortunately I couldn't.
This place is very quaint so you pretty much order to go. There is seating room at the 2 tables outside in front of store if you must sit and eat.
I ended up ordering the 10 piece wings 1/2 sweet heat & 1/2 Thai chilli with a reg order of onion rings, oh and 2 sides of ranch (it's the bomb but, .79 for extra). 
Ok the breakdown.
I asked before I ordered and the onion rings are freshly made in house so that's a plus! They were slightly overcooked though and the batter on its own has pretty much no flavor but, together with the onion (& ranch lol) it's not too bad.
Now on to the wings. My biggest disappointment. Yes, sad face. They're battered! Ahhh!!! Lol to each it's own but, unless it's plain fried chicken or strips no batter please. Needless to say as I suspected they weren't fried hard enough to be battered with sauce and as you can expect made it extra soggy and that wasn't the most pleasant experience. As far as the sauce flavor I was so put off by the texture I really couldn't say much but, neither were bad. There was no kick of heat like I was told. Anywho, I kind of doused them in ranch so I wouldn't waste my coins. 
Unfortunately with all the other wing spots here in NoLa that do hot wings the way I prefer (naked) I will probably not be back but, if the battered wings are your thing definitely stop in and give them a try.This place is amaaaaaazing! I had fried shrimp in buffalo sauce and hey we're divine, and I also had chipotle wings that were equally divine. The dipping sauces are part of what makes the experience so great. The owner told me that they make the ranch sauce that comes with the wings themselves, and the blue cheese dressing or sauce that came with the shrimp tasted just as fresh. I can't recommend this place enough. Locally owned and so great. Worth the trip.Great wings the best in town. Great pricing and great customer service- always friendly ! The chicken wings have gotten smaller than I first remember.I don't really care for hot wings but this joint does sling some great burgers, chicken sandwiches and other nice items.  The prices here are also a great value and you get a large portion of food for a very reasonable price.  The main downside of this place is it really isn't built for dining at the location as they have very limited seating inside and a table outside.  They also only have bottled drinks and no freshly brewed iced tea which always saddens me.  Overall though for a large delicious burger with nice fries this is one of the best values in the area along with offering some surprises on the menu you won't find in any other hot wing place outside of NOLA.If you're looking for a good spot to grab some wings on the go, this is definitely your spot. Not eye catching and very easy to miss, this teeny tiny little establishment is located in a strip center amongst several other businesses. 
I tried the sweet heat, thai chili glaze and lemon pepper. I wasn't really a fan of lemon pepper (extremely dry and just really not that great), but the sweet heat and thai chili glaze definitely were good. Both had equal amounts of sweet and spice that really gave these wings delicious flavors. Fries were also pretty good. A tad bit too salty but otherwise tasty. I like thick cut fries and there's were very much to my liking. 
My husband who considers himself a "wing connoisseur" was not impressed, but I on the other hand definitely liked my food and would gladly return. If I had the choice on where to order wings, this will be my place in the future.I've passed this place a few times and haven't tried it.  I've been burned by too many little wing joints that pop up and serve rubbery, overcooked, over-fried, over-sauced chicken and cheap frozen fries.  
Bayou Hot Wings is different and has restored my faith in local hot wing joints!  Their wings aren't quite traditional, they're marinated, lightly battered (or perhaps breaded) and then fried.  They are fall-off-thebone tender with a good flavor.  Pair that with house made sauces and you've got a winning combination.  I had the sweet heat sauce and it was good.  It needed a little something extra, Crystal brand hot sauce doesn't quite have the kick some other sauces have, but it was very satisfying and matched it's "2 chili" rating.  They have much hotter sauces available if you like a good chemical burn to go with your wings.  
The fries were excellent.  Thick cut steak fries, seasoned well and cooked to crispy perfection.  I got the combo and paired it with a Barq's root beer, served properly out of a glass bottle.  Best part, the entire meal with tax came out well under $10.  
I will be returning here.  They just opened and might be tuning in their sauces a little (which would account for the variety of reviews) but I suspect that they'll be improving their already tasty offerings even more as they continue to serve some mighty tasty wings.these wings are fantastic.  They are never frozen and marinated for 24 hours, which makes them tender.  These come off the bone easily but without losing texture.  The sauce is fantastic, we had bayou sweet heat and bayou hotboy.  Neither were overwhelming, the sweet heat was exactly that, layers of heat and sweet that worked together really well.  The hot boy were not super hot, but had bite.  Homemade blue cheese and ranch as well.  This is a first rate wing store.
Fries were excellent, a nice cajun dusting over steak planks.
It is basically a to go place, a few stools in the place, and 2 tables outside, but that's not its purpose.
Also, I love that the owners are there, working the kitchen and the front.  They are doing a great job.  These are now my favorite wings.I came here because this place is right near my house and I didn't feel like driving across town to my usual wing place.  Also, I follow them on Instagram and their wings looked pretty good, so I wanted to try them out!  I had the Hot Boy and Pepper Jelly flavors.  They were good, but it seemed like there wasn't enough sauce on the pepper jelly wings.  The guy taking my order was nice and the service was great, but I much prefer J's Creole Wings if I am strictly grading wings.Courteous staff & Serious Delicious wings. The wings are made to order, crispy & seasoned to perfection. Oh & the onion rings are to die for. My husband & I must eat here at least 3 times a week. Yeah we're addicted to great foodI love chicken wings.  I have been trying to find a great wing joint here in New Orleans since I moved here in August.  Unfortunately this place doesn't fit the bill.  The wings had way too much breading on them and not enough sauce.  I am a fan of hot sauce and even asked the guy on the phone to give me some heat, but unfortunately the wings did not deliver.  They were alright, but not what I'm looking for.  
Lack of sauce, too much breading, no real heat on the "hotboy" (in my opinion), but priced decently.  Give it a try yourself, but I probably won't be back unless someone else is buying.This place is home to the best wings in Louisiana.  Local and delicious.  You can get them to go, but they are best when you eat them there. Although the seating is limited, the wings are delicious.  Support this place now, so they can grow and get bigger and better.  Seriously good hot wings and they don't serve Roger Goodell.There wings were hot like a muthaphucka. Will be back mext trip to NOLA. Price is high but it was worth it.This place is consistently great.  I'm partial to the tenders coated in bayou sweet heat.  The meat is incredibly fresh and tears apart beautifully.  Nothing frozen and reheated here.  Have also tried the wings in a variety of sauces.  Be sure to order an extra ranch or bleu cheese because they're a little small.  The folks that work here are very friendly and attentive. Service is fast. Wish we lived closer!I've gone here several times, and always thought these where the best wings in the city. Today though I thought huh, they have fried shrimp lets try it. Honestly I didn't expect anything amazing because this was a wings place. These are some of the best fried shrimp I've had in the city. I hate going to a restaurant and after being disappointed I'm told I ordered the wrong thing. It speaks to the ownership that everything I've ordered has been delicious and high quality. I'm going to need to start ordering from here more.I tried this place out after having some serious withdrawals from hot wings. Being new to New Orleans I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it ago. Parking is freely available outside the place ,which is convenient. It's in a little complex and they have a few other take out places too. Such as a pizza place and subway. I saw a place called kupcake factory very close as well. 
Anyway, back to the wings. I ordered 10 bayou hot wings flavor, 10 teriyaki wing flavor, small fries and onion rings. It came to just under $20. We ordered take away and it took very quick to come to out the kitchen. It was hot and fresh. 
The wings were well done and the flavored were superb. The fries were good too. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the union rings. The batter just glided off the onion and it was soggy. So avoid the onion rings. 
Other than that I would definitely go back to try the other flavours.Loving this spot! The wings had great flavor as well as heat so this wimp and her hot sauce loving roommate  could both enjoy them. Have also ordered a cheeseburger and was very happy with the beef. Roommate's bacon blue cheeseburger smelled divine and was told it tasted as good. (No sharing on this trip- we were both pretty territorial with our baskets!) The spice on the fries is also excellent. Love not needing ketchup on hot spuds. 
Looking forward to trying their alligator bites and their frog legs. Happy I'm in walking distance but sad they have such a small seating area. I know we'll be stacked up on that picnic table outside this summer!It wasnt long ago that we realized the Nola area was void of good chicken wings. When I say good, I mean their focus is wings and theyre meaty with tasty sauces. 
That being said, Bayou Wings is all of the above. They also have big frog legs and french fries. The workers were super friendly and helpful on our first visit. We sampled some spicy sauces before narrowing down our selection. The lemon pepper, bbq and hot were all good. Drinks are bottled. 
The only down side is the seating. There are about 8 bar stools inside and a picnic bench outside so plan to take it to go. 
There is also a challenge for any heat seekers. Adam from the Food Network apparently stopped by a couple times and you can find his pics on the wall with a few other competitors. They wont tell you what peppers are in the sauce but looking at the pain in their eyes on the wall of pics- that challenge is serious business.First time here. Was way to hungry to take pictures of the food. Sorry folks but I can tell you that they were the bomb. Frog legs had the perfect batter on them. So juicy as well. Shrimps are big and cooked perfect as well. Must try if you in the NO.We have tried this place twice now. Both times the food was horrible. I would consider myself a connoisseur and have had wings almost everywhere. These wings tasted like they were microwaved. The sauces don't cover the wings and have very little flavor. The wrap we tried was a good size, but didn't have any flavor because it had no sauce on it whatsoever. We ordered their garlic Parmesan fries they were cold and tasted like yesterday's microwaved fries, also with very little flavor. It's very disappointing considering they pride themselves on their wings. Like I said I tried it twice, would tell others to avoid at all cost. FYI, Pizza Hut next door has better wings.sooooooo disappointed. :(
after reading reviews, we had high hopes for this place. we even drove 25mins to get there. ordered 40 wings, with 2 sides of sauces. i expected the large side of sauce for .99, but got the tiny 2oz instead. 2 sides of 2oz sauce is just not enough for 40 wings. 
bottom line.... the sauces are good. the wings... very small, smothered in sauce, still had feathers, and completely soggy from the ridiculous amount of sauce they sit em in. 
1 star for tasty sauces and reasonable prices.
1 star for the nice girl at register.
ill keep looking for a good wing spot...Anyone who really actually likes wings will be really disappointed with this place. Breaded wings? And they claim to be chefs? Any wing lover knows that breaded wings are way worse than fried or baked wings where you let the skin do the talking. I ordered 10 was shocked when I saw these tiny breaded wings. Took one bite of these soggy poorly made wings and have never been back. If you want good wings go to jazzy or wing snack or even fat Harry's but please this place is whack.  BRING BACK WING ZONEWe are new in town have eaten here twice LOVE IT!!!!! First time had the wings second time a blue cheese burger with garlic fries amazing!!!!! Has become one of our favorite spots . Staff also very friendly and polite.Been there a couple of times since it's been open, both times I got the Bayou Sweet Heat Wings, delicious!!! Best wings I've had in the city.  First time got the fries, which to my surprise and delight were steak fries! Second time, tried the onion rings, which were perfect!!! Gotta try one of there burgers next time!! Highly recommend it!!I recommend to-go cause there aren't many seats. But other than that, best wings in NOLA.I take off one star only because this place has too few seats. Wings were excellent. Fries were great. Staff was exceedingly friendly and helpful.  I highly recommend this place but consider take out because of limited seating.I found out about this place on the Travel Channel. They said they were "the best wings in the world". Of course I had to give it a try. I ordered a couple orders in a couple different flavors. I must say, I was not impressed. It may have been because I got them to go. They were soggy and the sauces were runny and not very flavorful. The place did have a fabulous ranch though!! I'm willing to give it another try if I'm ever out that way again but it'll be a must to eat them there when they're freshly made; however, there are only about 2 tables to sit at outside and that's if you're lucky enough to find one open.I was sitting at work thinking oh I want wings so I logged on yelp. I work way in Slidell but was determined to get some wings. Due to that drive, I wanted to make sure it was a good place. I had the bayou hot boy and Thai chili glaze. I didn't like the Thai chili glaze. They weren't nasty or tasted bad, they just weren't as good as the bayou hot boy.As a lover of wings since my old childhood days nibbling at the cartilage as if I was a nerve ridden orator, I didn't find these wings as laudable as I would hope.
What? Such preposterous-ness? Aye. 
Here's a disclaimer. I like my wings dry, not drenched in sauce. Whatever meat is inlaid is fine but the wings are small - although that shouldn't matter much because they are priced well below Buffalo Wild Wings overpriced and haughty gargantuan wings. 
So...I ordered two types of wings: sweet hot and garlic parmesan. I'm not a fan of hot wings in general so it's hard to impress me - unless it was naked, *wink *wink say the old man. I digress. The garlic parmesan is solid though. I like the touch of melted cheese. 
But why just a three star, and not a four star? The steak fries....are good but again, as I disclaimed once, I don't like the meatiness of steak fries. Dang McDonalds has set the bar too high. Plus, the seasoning is good and adds a subtle cajuness to it but there's nothing eye blowing about it. 
Overall, it's a good wing place but I need to further review with another outing so for now, I'll leave them with a three star, two short of General Washington. Hi yo.The wings are pretty good. The sauce are great. Had the pepper jelly and Thai chili glaze. Can't wait to come back and try their other sauces. It's more of a to go place very small and they only have tables outsideThis wasn't as good as anticipated.  We had heard a lot of great things and they have the TV show behind them, but i wasn't wowed by the wings. They weren't bad, the sauce was very good, but the wings weren't crispy. At all. I think it's important to note that you really can't eat at the place. So you either have to take it to go or eat in the parking lot (with a view of a shell station and a circle k). We took them home and I wonder if they would've been better if we could have eaten them there. If they ended up moving locations to somewhere you could sit and eat while they are fresh, I'd give this place another shot, but for now I don't think I'd give it another go!Awesome I loved the mozzarella sticks and my bayou hot wings. Their ranch is really good too. I'm definitely going back, food was delicious and made fresh to order.I downloaded this app just to write this review. The wings are to die for and their burgers are huge!!!! I know one thing.. I  should've never found this place because now I'm addicted.
I have to have bayou wings at least twice a week.So delicious!!! I had the Thai chili wings and lemon pepper wings here. They both were finger licking good. It totally satisfied my need for wings!Best wings around. Never had a bad experience here! Love the Bayou Sweet heat sauce and the seasoned fries.Got 10 Sweet Heat and 10 chipotle BBQ! It was amazing!! I wanted to save some but I had to eat them all because they were that good!!I've been a loyal Dragon King customer for years, always passing by this place in favor of Chinese food. I was definitely missing out! Thankfully, I made the decision to give it a try last night. I can honestly say these were the best wings I've had in the city--fresh and ready in under 10 minutes. I just walked in to order, had the 10 piece 1/2 bayou hot boy and 1/2 pepper jelly. The fries are steak cut and just right, the wings are crispy and marinated perfectly and there was no sogginess. overall, a great find and I will be coming here from now on! Can't wait to try some of the other flavors.Best wings!!! I live in Florida but I make sure to stop by every time I am in Nola! Delicious wings, sides and atmosphere! You can't go wrong hereI finally made it here after all the good things I heard and it's absolutely amazing!!  I got the hottest sauce and it was to die for.  But the real surprise was the Korean BBQ sauce...  OMG do yourself a favor and get some of that stuff!!  I want to bathe in that sauce!!!This place has helped me discover my love for wings! I'm not a wings lover at all, but this place has me thinking otherwise. I usually get buffalo hot wings, and I don't know what to say besides D E L I C I O U S. I have also gotten their fried pickles, which was satisfying as well. It would make sense that their food is so good because their chef was featured on the cooking show, Chopped.  Make sure to call in your order because you probably won't wanna wait in that small area on your food.Visited this little gem today and, I must say, I was quite impressed. 
I had the lemon pepper and Sauce 4. The Sauce 4 wings are pretty much like hot wings with a slight zest. They were well sauced and full of flavor and spice. 
The lemon pepper wings were a bit unusual, but in a good way. I'm used to a more baked lemon pepper wing, but the fact that they were fried was pleasant. I do think there could be more lemon pepper seasoning. I like to really taste the lemon. 
Also, I find that these are not wings that I'd like after they cool off. They are near phenomenal when served hot, but I didn't like the taste of them once they cooled. It is probably because they are fried. 
Overall, I'll return. The wings are served hot and flavorful. The cheese fries were pretty damn good, too.So delicious perfect seasoning to spice! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu love the bayou sweet heat.We got an order of their BEAST wings since we've heard so much about them on Yelp. I'm not really a fan of breaded hot wings and these were very breaded. Unfortunately, the sauce soaked the breaded wings so much that they were literally mushy and falling apart. The flavor of the beast sauce was good but the soggyness of the wings were a huge turn off. If you're into breaded wings, as opposed to crispy 'naked' wings, then you may like this place.These hotwings are breaded and seasoned. They were okay, not like traditional hotwings, this may be their nitch, i'm just not a fan. They were however very nice, prompt and professional which goes a very long way. I wish them well with their business, I'm just more of a traditional buffalo wings kind of lady.WHAT THE WHAT!! I'm not even... or previously WAS NOT a wing person.. I mean. I can't with this place. SO GOOD. After shoveling wings into my mouth, all I could say was #PraisedBe. I vow to never each a chicken wing anywhere else because honestly..why waste the money$$$$.Tried the chicken Caesar wrap and fried pickles one night at work DELICIOUS and tasty. I must try the wings next but  it's soooo many flavorrs idk wheRe to startt!  small place very good for a quick bite or for a to go  order. This was a hidden gem definItely.GO TO BAYOU but not for the wings!! The wings are extreeeemely small and I personally don't feel like it's enough bang for your buck. I mean, you get little drummettes that literally come from the smallest chickens and then you have to add fries(or onions rings). So, now you're sitting at a good $12 only for you not to be full afterwards. No thanks.
But MAN are the burgers delicious! I typically don't go here because the wings are totally missing that WOW! factor, but while studying in Tulane's super quiet library my stomach started going crazy and I knew Bayou was seconds away. I tried the Chipotle BBQ burger, added cheese and had them grill the onions. The burger was biiig (and I was starving so my appetite was pretty big). By big, I mean I was struggling to stuff the last few bites in my mouth. This meal actually comes with steak frites fried to perfection. Absolutely yummy(and perfectly sloppy), and I would go back for another burger. 
The chicken tenders are also pretty good. 
TIP: While waiting, take a trip across the parking lot to get a 79¢ fountain drink (any size) from the convenient store to save a dollar or so.Gluttony, thy name is NOLA. After a night at Celebration in the Oaks, we doubled down on a hotel room feast (again, three kids in tow) and a night of watching Texas get spanked by Arkansas in the Texas Bowl. On the menu? A classic spread from nearby Mother's, and wings and things from Bayou Hot Wings.
The Mother's was good--dat debris tho--but we knew that already. Bayou was also fantastic. Because of the to-go, we got the sauces on the side, allowing for all kinds of dipping madness. Garlic parm got the most love, and the sweet heat was a classic. I rather enjoyed the Thai chili.
A couple things to note. The pickles are chips, not spears (wherefore art thou Pluckers?). The fries are seasoned with some wonderful deliciousness.Not a huge fan of the wings (I'm not into breaded wings, and I honestly don't like their hot wing sauce) but they do great sandwiches and chicken tenders.  I usually stick with the honey BBQ chicken sandwich. My girlfriend also loves their onion rings and the sweet heat sauce. Their prices are probably the cheapest in the area by far, and they usually take 10 minutes or less to make your order.Bayou Hot Wings has such a unique way of preparing and seasoning their wings.  Battered and seasoned and sauced and fried, this chicken adds layers of flavor and texture to an otherwise basic recipe.  Even though I enjoy traditional, Frank's Red Hot bar wings as well as charred, fancy lemon wings, I also enjoy Bayous creation.  Very different wings.  The flavors are great ranging from mild to "out of control" spicy.  The pepper jelly wings are great (mild) as is the hotboy wings (spicy).  The sides are good and it's BYOB.  There is a wall of photos picturing the brave who have conquered the "beast wings" challenge.  We had a friend try and needless to say fail after a courageous attempt.  Watching the cook prepare "beast wings" whilst wearing a bandana to protect his face from the spicy spice was intimidating to say the least.  Great experience (from the sidelines) anyways.  As a side note, the staff is super cool and efficient.Finally a wings place in New Orleans!! Amazing favors, great homemade sauces, and quality chicken. I had the Bayou Sweet Heat and Bayou Hot Boy with blue cheese. My lips were still feeling the heat 5 minutes after. We also tried the deep fried pickles and they were good. This place is very small and only has 6 stools. 
You can tell these wings are fresh! You can totally taste the difference.No flavor... just nasty ass wings! All the sauces are horrible. I don't know  how it's possible to mess up on garlic Parmesan but they found a way.The fries and the lemon pepper wings were really good!! Didn't really like the hot wings but will be back for those lemon pepper wingsNope, nope, nope.
I'm a big buffalo and hot sauce fan (usually together and with seasoning). I eat my fries with buffalo and am generally a wing enthusiast.
I ordered 20 of the the Bayou Hot Boy and a friend grabbed the Chili Glaze. We wanted to throw both away. My Bayou Hot Boy had a little kick but I was overwhelmed with this sweet taste that made me think they were the incestuous cousin of the chili glaze.
So bad that I didn't even wanna finish my meal / so bad that I wouldn't bother trying another flavor. Sometimes overly done gourmet sauces ARE NOT the answer.
The price are reasonable for the size of the wings - not plump by any means.Best hot wings in the city, no questions. Any option on the menu is worth it! You have to eat them fresh though!So I've finally got around to writing a review about this place. Long overdue. I've been a fan of theirs for about a year strong. I was hooked from my very first visit. I've never had a bad experience. They are great at what they do. They provide friendly service and great wing. There's a ghost chili pepper infused wing sauce they have that is sure to knock your socks off! This place is located directly across the street from Tulane so be wary of the times you order. My favorites are the hot boy wings and the Korean BBQ wings. They have steak fries which I love. Their fries aren't hard like traditional steak fries which is nice. They have plenty of parking depending on the times you frequent the establishment. It's hard to find parking nearby if the parking lot is packed tight. As far as wings go they may be the best in the city.I was visiting the olps shrine with my sister. My sister and I were yelping what food places are nearby. This was a great find. We ate a lot of seafood during our trip. We haven't eaten chicken for a while. Thanks to fellow yelpers this place is the real deal. We got the bayou sweet heat with French fries and bottled coke. The taste was just right amount of heat. It may take a while but it was worth it. It's better than WingStop and Buffalo Wild Wings in LA!Soggy wings with over the season Parmesan fries sorry not for me. Friendly staff but they felt short on the food or me and my familyBEST WINGS IN THE CITY. Quick & Friendly Staff! I just wish they would take the plunge and move to a better location where they can have some better seating and make it more of a fun place to hang out.I ordered from here as I was very hungry and thought it would be a good choice based on the name. I ordered a 10 piece Bayou Heat with fries. As I waited for my wings to be delivered through post mates when it arrived i was very disappointed my frirs where cold nd wings were not hot at all with pepper flakes on top. Unfortunately I will not be ordering from here again. Chicken & Watermelon so far is da best wen looking for Wings nothing exciting bout about da place just damn good wings.Based on the reviews, I'm hoping I just ordered on the wrong night. These wings were horrible. My food was cold. It's not the Door Dash delivery person's fault as she was their for pickup before they were ready and arrived to my home less than 5 mins later. The chicken wings were extremely dry. The sauce was barely there. Our flats were covered in feathers. (See photo) I know a feather or two may pop up, but damn! Every flat?? The fries were cold. The ranch was good. But, that's about it. It was just an overall bad experience and a waste of $40.Hands down the best wings in town!!!! I have tried every wing place in NOLA. I drive the distance for these wings,it is well worth it .cooked to perfection with  a smile.I've heard these are the best wings in NOLA and it seems folks have it right.  A nice little Thai influence on the "hotboy" gives it an extra tangy kick.  Highly recommend -- and I can't wait to go back and try the fried frog legs and gator bites.
Order carry out and take it home to eat on the porch or eat out front on the picnic tables.I literally cannot express how much I love their wings. I always get their pepper jelly wings and they never disappoint. I rave about this place to my friends. The people in the place are beyond nice and care about their food and your experience. If you love wings.. you have got to try this place!Everytime the boys and I visit bayou, always amazing food and great service. Perfect for a game day meal no matter what event.Ordered from here on many occasions.
They are fast and good! 
Never wait long and all the sauces are good. 
Everything is really fresh.Best sauces in NOLA and they got the thicc fries!I went here for evening take out on 8/16 with Aaron M. He ordered: 10 wings, 1/2 with bayou hotboy sauce and 1/2 hot pepper jelly, an order of celery w/ blue cheese and 2 extra blue cheeses. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with bayou hotboy sauce and blue cheese with seasoned fries. When ordering on the phone, they specifically asked how I wanted the sandwhich, and asked if I wanted blue cheese, which I did. 
Aaron M. and I went to pick it up and brought it back to my apartment.
I open the box and the sandwhich has no sauce at all, and no blue cheese to speak of. I asked for no lettuce or tomato so all I recieved was plain fried chicken on a bun. 
They have a nuber of availabe sauces they will dip or toss chicken in to make it delicious, which was what I believed I would be getting... 
I was SO DISAPPOINTED! ! ! !
I was really looking forward to the sauce and the blue cheese (for dipping). The plain fried chicken was disappointing on its own. I had to get some Louisiana Crystal hot sauce of my own to put on it. It was nothing like what it should have been had they given me what was ordered. 
The worst part is that they charged for the sauce but were too careless to put it on! They also didn't give me the blue cheese I requested.
This was my first time eating here and it was really an attemt by Aaron M. to introduce me to this place... he has sung their praises and was also very dissapointed that they dropped the ball on my order, although his order was correct.
Overall I was reallt dissapointed. They got my order wrong and even charged me for sauce they failed to put on my sandwich. But I get it, mistakes happen, it's just that this was my first time eating there and (as I said) it was a friend trying to convince me that it was really going to be good. But as of now I'm not really sure if I would go back in a hurry.Wings wings baby! Many have visited and raves about this place to me, rightfully so! Great wings and great quality. I' love honey mustard so I got my wings in hot honey mustard, and it sure is a winner.The guys always cook the wings to perfection, you can mix sauces . My favorite is lemon pepper and teriyaki mixed together with a side of ranch . The have a few different sauces to choose from , if your brave / crazy you can take the beast challenge. I've watched a couple of people try and none have finished it , believe me it's crazy hot cause just from the small I can tell it's beyond hot !!! The guys always get my order out fast and cooked perfect every time ! The were on man vs food with Adam RichmondNot sure what all the hype was about. Just because Adam Richman from the travel channel visited does not mean it's the be all wings place of NOLA. Granted, it has been difficult for me to find a decent wings place in the city. This may be attributed to the other fantastic dinning options available whether it's very causal of more formal. Quite possibility, wings are relegated as an after thought. 
Been here 3 times, each time hoping it would be different. But the wings are always very small and overcooked. Also, multiple times there were feathers still attached. Maybe I'm from the north and I like my wings a little plumper, which is not what you are getting here. 
Again, I believe this place is popular due to its location to the Tulane campus and the fact that there are no good wings in the immediate area.Can we talk about the best wings in the city ?? Whenever I crave wings Bayou Hot Wings is the first to come to mind. I love to order the wings with the Bayou Sweet Heat Sauce along with a side of Housemade Buttermilk Ranch dipping sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. But the next time you are craving wings do yourself a favor and stop here !Had a burger here once and I couldn't remember where the hell this place was! I stumbled upon it again tonight and boi! The wings are made to perfectionA USA Today article led me to Bayou for the hottest wings in Louisiana.  I did not try the hottest but I did try the next step down. Perfectly cooked wings, sauce really compliments wing, not overwhelming at all. 
Will return the next time I'm in town.I literally go here 2-3 times a week. And I always order food for all my friends. Amazing quality food, great price, quick service. What more could you even ask honestly? Scooter is perhaps the nicest guy ever and he'll always give great service, Alan is super cool too. My body's composition is probably made up of 7-8% bayou hot wings and I couldn't be happier.As a note I was born and raised in New Orleans... THEIR JAMBALAYA IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER TASTED FROM A RESTAURANT. I could seriously eat it every day. The wings are small, but they are fried well and the bbq sauce was really good. I recommend this placw wholeheartedly... did I mention the Jambalaya is delish?! LolHands down the best wings around! Sauces are made with all local ingredients (steen's cane syrup, crystal hot sauce). The two owners/chefs Allen & Kyle are very down to earth & big local sports fans. Always treat you as if a new costumer. Theres not a thing on the menu i havent loved. Some of my favorites besides the wings, is the shrimp Remy wrap & the Caesar chicken wrap. I dont know how they make their caesar dressing but i wish i did!
They also have this wicked wing eating challenge, The Bayou Beast! 10 wings in 5 minutes, bones have to be cleaned, keep in mind these wings are made from the blood of satan. I had a friend that had tried it and he only ate his way into wing #5 before forfeiting his way to the bathroom. If you complete this painful task, you get your picture taken & hung on the "Wall of Fame", with your blood red eyes and chunky orange hotness all over your mouth..and then you die shortly. I mean, you get a t-shirt stating your beast status. Theres a 20 something dollar fee to enter, so youre basically paying to be tortured or paying for a tshirt, choose wisely..
And if you are really lucky, you might run into Adam Richman from Man vs Food/Travel channel. This is his favorite spot to eat & claims them as the best wings in the world!One of my favorite wing spots anywhere. So simple to call in and they have your order ready right away. Good service would make me a regular here.
They have the variety. Whether you want drier wings or more saucy, they have just what you need. The flavor is excellent here. 
It's the college spot right across Tulane so you'll see the younger crowd waiting around. They have a spice challenge with photos posted all over the shop of who has completed it. 
Honestly, this is one of my favorites for chicken wings and the spice level is tolerable. Fries are great too. Can't go wrong here in terms of price and taste.The wings and fries were just so so. Not very spicy (or hot temperature wise).  They were kind of hard (overcooked).  Disappointing.  How hard is it to cook flavorful wings? I will be looking for other delivery spots.Excellent food and quick service! You won't be disappointed in the variety of flavors to chose from. Great place to get your wing fix.FOOD: Solid chicken (tenders were wayyy more chicken than breading, which is a must). Seasoned fries were fine. Had the Korean BBQ dipping sauce which wasn't terribly authentic but delicious anyways
SERVICE: Went on a Saints playoff game day...so busy for sure. Be sure to call in advance if you're picking up. Cashier did a great job though with all the business they had.
EXPERIENCE: Mostly pick up, it's a small restaurant with few seats.
VALUE: $17 for 10 tenders and a regular fries (which is an entire takeout container)...easily lasts a normal person 2-3 meals. For SURE worth it
SUMMARY: Excellent fried chicken joint, efficient and delicious. Would come back.