We just left this place. Absolutely horrible service.  Ordered the sweet corn and jalapeño hush puppies.  They were burnt to a crisp.   Never received our main entree. Avoid it all costs!!!! We left and are now looking for somewhere else to eat with more attentive service. Refuse to spend my money at such an inept place.Great ribs and even better entertainment. I was surprised with how good the band was going into a chain restaurant, but Charles Elam was amazing and hilarious! They have live music every night and every type of person comes to enjoy it. I highly recommend the entertainment and the ribs!Our service was great. The food was overpriced and pretty poor quality. I added the shrimp to my salad for $7. 6 tiny shrimp. The portion size was very small for almost $11. The house band was good but wouldn't go back for them.We had the best time! Go here and ask for"Hollywood". He took care of us and was so entertaining. We will definitely be back! Thanks Hollywood!!!Was craving BBQ and googled BBQ near me. This place came up. Had never been here before. Orderd the pulled pork platter. I was not disappointed. The meal was amazing and they have jalapeno cornbread which I love! Was here early evening so not crowded and not loud. The music is good and if you are lucky enough to Cath the band, you will here some fantastic local music to boot! Fun time!Absolutely delicious!  OMG the Chicken Fried Chicken was truly the BEST I have ever had...EVER!! It was served with this carmelized onion creamy gravy that I drank at the end. Service was perfect and the live jazz was outstanding. Great for kids too.Came here on a Thursday night.  Music was outstanding.  Good was good.  I can't believe the waiter got the order right over the noise level.  Props.  Would come back for the music and drinks.  Being from KC I am biased on BBQ do I comment.   Had the wings and catfish bites.  BothbwereWonderful atmosphere, wonderful food. Brisket is AMAZING. Chicken strips were good. Best part of the whole experience was our server Hollywood. Best service we've ever received. The food could have been terrible and I still would've rated 5 stars for atmosphere and service.
Go check this place out, and ONLY ask for Hollywood.Awful tourist trap. Came with our NOLA Krewe for drinks/appetizers. We were charged $3 a person cover charge...no live music happening; just pre-recorded Christmas music. When I questioned the staff, I received a snarky response; implying I was a Scrooge??? Actual service was okay, but expensive drinks and appetizer (Nachos) - serving was small for the price. Will never return to this place.BEST HURRICANES! Not too sweet but very strong and tasty! We went on a Saturday night and only wanted to get a hurricane to walk around with as we shopped.  There was an AMAZING jazz band playing so there was a cover charge ($3).  We walked up to the bar to order a drink and the hostess ran over demanding a cover charge even for just for a takeout drink.  We were about to walk out but the bartender was cool and made us drinks anyway. Worth the hurricane!! The hostess should chill out though. Thanks, bartender!!Sorry BB, the food here needs a lot of work. Brisket sliders were awful. Old, dry and thinly sliced. No flavor at all. I specifically asked for lean and what was served was far from lean. I don't remember the name of the burger but it was supposed to have mushrooms. When asked for them, the waitress offered to get the mushrooms but came back and said they were out. A small cinnamon roll was ordered but again, out of icing.  The bloody Mary's were good and the hurricane isn't too syrupy sweet so those are a plus. The music was very good so keep that going. Stop in for drinks and entertainment, pass on the food.Don't think this place is "commercial!" It was big, clean and the food was friggin' fantastic!
We were there on a night where the band was great and if the owners read this, Gerald needs a raise! He is the friendliest focker we met the whole time here and every recommendation he gave us was awesome!I loved the atmosphere of this place. The live music was excellent and provided for such a fun experience. The food was delicious, good gumbo and great drinks.Had a fantastic time. Thirsty is the best bar tender around. Funny and great drinks! Mojito was awesome.Great food!! Service could use some help. Great atmosphere for a night out, but not if you want to have a conversation with the person next to you. Music was way too loud. I ordered the shrimp po boy and gumbo. Po boy great! Gumbo a little too spicy. P.s. My daughter got the Mac and cheese and it was one of the best I've had at a restaurant.Great food, good music, fantastic service by our waiter, Hollywood!  The shrimp po boy dish with the sauce was very tastyNot a great experience. There was a cover charge and the band was on break the entire time. The service was awful. It took 15 minutes to get a glass of water, half an hour to get a drink. The tots were fine but the overall experience was unpleasant. I would not recommend this place to anyone.Go to B.B. Kings Blues Club and ask if Bar is working she's the sweetest! We had the best time here, the band was amazing and came out into the crowd and stood on chair and really captivated the audience! From the outside it looks very touristy, but we had an amazing time and the drinks and band was better than anything we found on Frenchman. I highly recommend you pay the $5 cover and check it out.Ate an early lunch at BBKing's. We were literally the first lunch customers of the day. The staff were coming in for the day and sorting out their shifts.
I had the shrimp and grits. This rendition had andouille sausage bites and okra with a little of the brown Cajun gravy. The shrimp were ok, the okra was fresh and very good, the grits were a great creamy base. Overall, pretty good. 
And, of course, the sweet tea was really liquid sugar with some tea flavoring the way most sweet tea drinkers like it. I had two glasses!
The waiter was attentive and we continued our walking tour of the French quarter happy and full.Came as a party of five for some dinner.  Good place to hear some music, but it means it gets hard to converse with people at the table. Everyone was pleased with their food. The ribs were amazing, definitely recommend them! Service was slow and spotty considering it wasn't that busy.Hey Everyone.  
I guess this is a must-see place when you go to New Orleans.  But I wasn't totally blown away.  I mean, the food was decent.  The service was decent.  The music was okay. We enjoyed ourselves.  But it's basically one big square room, with a tasty BBQ.  About what you would expect from a BBQ joint with live music.  
I kind of was hoping for something more? Maybe?  I try not to be too critical.  I mean, I cleaned my plate.  The meat slid off the bone and was hot and messy.  But there wasn't much on the plate.  Don't show up too hungry, because the portions weren't gigantic or anything.  And the ribs had a little bit of fat to them.  I guess I prefer more leaner ribs.
Our server was fast, and pleasant.  But the music was blaring and it was hard to order.  We moved from the front row to the middle of the room but still, it is one big wide-open square with a downstairs and an upstairs.  There was 1 or 2 people dancing (awkwardly) alone in the front.  So, ya - it wa kind of strange.  It felt like a bingo parlor on steroids, or an extreme version of a karaoke joint.  But we enjoyed it, so I am generously giving 3 stars.  
We don't plan on returning.  But if you go, I would say, sure. Check it out.LOVED the atmosphere! I can't express enough how much I loved the blue band that was playing, they were so talented. 
I ordered a regular order of the BB'S FAMOUS LIP SMACKING RIBS with a side of baked beans and potato salad.
The ribs literally fell off the bone, I have never seen that before.
The food was great, the service was great, and the music was fantastic!Food was great, live music awesome.  Definitely would come back. Place is clean ambience is great.Great food,great atmosphere!!! I had the ribs and they were pretty good.Live band was very entertaining,they even got everyone to join in and form a "Soul Train" line which was very entertaining.All in all I will return and support this new spot in the city.
7/15/16
So as I said in my previous post I did return and try to support this restaurant again.This time our experience was not so good.....
1. There was a $5.00 cover charge prior to entering.
2.We waited over 20 minutes to get our drinks which was just sweet tea
3.Food was cold 
Don't think we will be returning after this experience.The only good thing I can say at all was that the live music was great!  But hey, this is NOLA! I can find that everywhere, most certainly a few blocks down on Frenchman. The food was really bad. We were here about a year and a half ago and it was so much better. I'm not sure what happened??? The service was really bad. Our poor server didn't know anything we asked and had to check, got our order wrong, and seemed so clueless, God bless her heart. I would encourage you to eat elsewhere. There plenty to choose from.OUTSTANDING! We've been to BB Kings in NYC & Universal City Walk & THIS location here in New Orleans is by FAR the Best! Our bartender HOLLYWOOD is The Man, the drinks he crafted were consistent & well balanced, not to mention the Great conversation! Thank you for the genuine Southern Hospitality! We're coming back, FO SHO!Best Bloody Mary we have had in NOLA!  We did not eat but the menu is good and everything we saw come out looked delish.This was my first time and I absolutely love it. This was convenient and such an nice place. The workers there are friendly and treated my fiancé and I like we were at home. The food was amazing and the live band was sooooo awesome. I love this place.Service was slow, they were out of French fries on a Monday afternoon. No one let use know until after we ordered our food. Drinks to a while also.My first feeling was one of disappointment. While waiting to approach the host, the manager (I assume) walked past me and my party to an older white gentleman and immediately started to make conversation. He explained that they would be sure to accommodate him. Needless to say I was shocked and disappointed. Not one time did he acknowledge our family which was ahead of the white family. Once we were finally seated, we were placed in the corner by the speaker which made it difficult for us to have any conversation or really enjoy the company of our party. 
The food was hot and delivered quickly. The overall taste of our food was average- nothing spectacular but certainly not bad. Our waitress was really sweet. And the band was good. I think we would have enjoyed the band more if we weren't so close to the speaker. 
Throughout my duration there I continued to watch the man who I assumed to be the manager; people appeared to be taking cues from him (a middle aged man with black hair, slim build). 
His inability to acknowledge my presence and consider me and my family worthy of engagement suggests to me that I am not welcome there.The music was excellent with Marcella and Her Lovers group. Service was amazing the food was delicious. $6 absolute martinis made the evening complete. Beware of the steps walking upstairs - even before the martinis.It is all about the entertainment and definitely not about the food. If you like the Blues, you will hear them at BB Kings and experience them from the cuisine. The place really needs a cook.
Atmosphere      80     A small theater
Service             70     Not really
Food                 65    Get your drinks, plenty of them, first.
Value                70     You are paying for the band. 
Our mistake was that we went for dinner. This place is a touch of what New Orleans is all about - the blues and plenty of boos. Eat somewhere else.Great food. The crab dip appetizer rocks and the fried pickles with horseradish is also good. We shared the shrimp, catfish hush puppy platter. The hush puppies were moist and flavorful. Highly recommendedHollywood!!!! We are evacuees from Florida during hurricane Irma and Hollywood took fantastic care of us while we stopped in to eat. He was an awesome waiter and everyone should stop in for his great hospitality and kindness!! Thank you Hollywood!!!Drinks here are pretty expensive. They also didn't have happy hour prices.
Good part about this spot is that the servers and bartenders are extremely friendly and they are always willing to make the drink that fits your tastebuds.
If you love that bb king, john mayer style blues, you'll love it here! A lot of good blues performers who showed upWe are locals and have eaten and had great food and service 3 times since New Year's Eve so I knew this was the perfect venue for a birthday party/family reunion. I love this place, you get a HUGE bargain in food and music. The raw oysters are fabulous and hard to find on this end of the Quarter. We will all be back.Here it is, a simple and sweet review.
Food is good, staff is friendly and the live band was my favorite. The spot is loud.. but hey your in the city so just groove out over some good food!Went back tonight and they discontinued the prime rib!!! It was awesome. Also, it is obvious that the kitchen staff is inexperienced as the orders came out wrong. Both ribeye a were over cooked and well my order was not as I wanted. The chicken fried chicken was great but by the time I got my food I was just disenchanted with the whole experience . I won't be back for a long while. Sad, bc the music was great!3/17/2016 
We had the pleasure of going to this spot on St. Patty's day. We arrived at 5:45 and just in time to eat and see the BBKing all stars play.
Honestly, we didn't have much expectation wise in regards to the food, but had high hopes for the music. The band started playing and immediately I knew we were in for a treat. They are fantastic and play great blues and music I think everybody knew. They also have an amazing female singer. She is fantastic. The soul, vocal range and power this woman possesses left me stunned. I literally couldn't believe how great she sounds and as the night wore on her power and vocal range increased. I will be back and cannot say enough about the band. As for the food I ordered the ribs and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak with Mac n cheese. I also ordered a side of collards with my ribs. The chicken steak was cooked perfectly with a nice crust and great flavor, it sat on top of mac n cheese that had a nice crust of bread crumbs on top. My wife ended up eating the entire thing and I was lucky to be able to snag a bite, she loved it that much. The ribs were tasty, but I felt they needed a bit more salt, however that could just be me, but overall they were very good. The drinks were good and the service was as well. Overall a great night with great food and I happily can say I will be back.My friend and I popped into this joint to finish watching an NFL game. The bartender (Jerry) was GREAT, but the cleanliness of the bathrooms was even BETTER!Good little blues bar. Band was funny and very talented tonight. The food was good. I had the shrimp po boy. It was delicious the only thing I would've liked better was if the sandwich came with more than 5 shrimp. There is way too much bread, lettuce & tomatoes for only 5 shrimp. Otherwise, the po boy was seasoned perfectly and the Brad was soft and tasty. The cornbread was not good. It was hard. Idk about you but when I think cornbread I think soft & warm. This was neither.Sitting inside B.B. KINGS enjoying the live music experience but not great things to say about the food experience. I ordered the shrimp platter which had large shrimp but was "ok" overall. My wife ordered the Yazoo Catfish dish and it came out looking like Yazoo Guppy....The filet (if you can consider it that) was about 3"-4" long and didn't even look like a piece of fish. My wife asked about the size and was told by the waiter that that WAS the size that it was served. This plate cost $17.... She requested to change her order and the waiter, with a slight attitude obliged. The deal breaker was that my daughter ordered chicken tenders and requested a side of bar b que sauce. Her tenders came to the table without the side of sauce. We reminded the waiter and he said he would check on it. We had a large party so the waiter came back to our table several times to fill waters, ask if we needed anything, etc. We asked at least 3 times about the bar b que sauce and was told he was checking on it. Finally he came to the table to inform me that the kitchen told him that we had 20 orders ahead of us and that the sauce would "get here when it gets here....."  If you're coming here for the food, don't. This is New Orleans and great live music and food is available on every corner. Just saying....Live music was great. Friendly staff and delicious food. We had the bbq brisket and the shrimp and grits and highly recommend. Lots of drink options and great environment. Overall great experience!I went there last night and heard Eric Gales with the BB King All Stars. It was like the best music experience off my life. Eric Gales was phenomenal  it was crazy good. I had spent all day at jazz fest and my experience at BB Kings exceeded anything I saw all day. Thank you BB Kings. I will be back.We made our reservations in advance and three hours before called to add someone and it was no problem. We had seven for a birthday celebration. Right after we arrived a very large group for a bachelorette party arrived. I thought the food would be slow but is was quick. Everyone ordered drinks which came out cold and quick. My husband ordered a sidecar and the bar got it perfect. We had the BBQ pork nachos, crab dip and fried pickles for appetizers. The nachos are delicious. The pickles were good but I'm not a crab fan so I won't comment on that. We had a 3 1/2 year old and her food came out with the appetizers.  We had a variety of entrees including the melt in your mouth ribs, chicken, brisket and one person had soup. The ONLY complaint was they were stuffed. The entire evening the band played toe tapping, hand clapping sing along favorites. This is a great place for a celebration!Amazing, great show good food. Our server Paula was the best. Would go back just for her!!!!!Maybe it's just my bad luck in timing, but I've been to this and the club in Nashville on several occasions and I've yet to hear any blues. Maybe their logo should be B.B. King's "blues" Club. The band today specialized in some kind of cheesy 80s sounding soul. Strangely enough, when this place was a Jimmy Buffett restaurant instead of a "blues" club, they had good local blues musicians in the bar.
Enough of that. We sat at the bar, the bartender was a very nice guy named Jack, extremely knowledgeable about all things barley and hops. He was a lot of fun to talk to, and did a great job. They had a good selection of local brews, some I had not seen elsewhere in the quarter. We had some selections from the starters menu. They were all okay, small portions for the price. Starters here are about the same cost as meals at most similar locations.
Not bad, but with so many other choices nearby, no compelling reason  to go here.Food was overpriced (chicken sandwich and soda for one person was twenty bucks!) and not very good. Let's put it this way, I wish I'd gone to McDonalds. Music okay for some live playing during lunch but service slow. I won't recommend this place to anyone. I was tempted to just walk out a few times I was so sick of waiting for my server to appear. Nice place to chill on a hot day but that's it. Ugh!We were greeted very nicely and had nothing but great vibes about the restaurant. Upon getting our table and how we were greeted by our waitress, from there our service was pretty horrible. Took almost 40 minutes for our food to come out and our waitress attitude was extremely unpleasant. We had asked a simple question that required her to ask the kitchen and she acted like it was the most difficult thing she'd have to do that day. 
When taking our orders, she didn't write anything down. Our burgers came out wrong, fries were stale and cold. We had the Blues, Beale burger and the shrimp and grits.  Both burgers were flavorless and my shrimp and grits was definitely not worth $20. 5 pieces of regular size shrimp and a mound of grits. 
When asked to have our fries return and our order corrected, we were informed from the waitress that the manager of the establish refused to come check on her tables. Not sure what kind of establish this is, but I've NEVER heard of a manager refusing to come check on tables. This restaurant is a disgrace to BB King And the other restaurants around the country. We will not be returning to this restaurant, ever. Thank youThis was probably one of my favorite places that I visited in New Orleans. The atmosphere here was awesome with the live band playing during my dinner. I also had a seat by the window which was nice. The yazoo catfish creole dish I ordered was also absolutely delicious. The blacken catfish was perfectly cooked and the crawfish rice and creole sauce was good too. The service here was prompt and fast. I did not feel like I was being rushed out of the restaurant and it was nice to be able to enjoy my meal while listening to music. Overall, good food, good music, good service and good ambiance.They just made our day and our whole New Orleans trip so special!! We came in at very wrong time which was at 4:30 pm right between their shifts change. So first we had to wait for a long time to get served, but the waiter was professional enough to be very nice to us. He explained why and apologized. We loved the foods and the music. We especially liked the fact that they had Kids menu! Not a lot of live music bars would let you get in with your kids right? After we ate late lunch here, we decided to stay for dinner and another music live. The waiter escorted us to the best table section on the second floor while waiting for the music to start. The bartender lady was very sweet too. We had THE BEST time on our trip here! Classic oldies was so good. My 6 year old girl and I were dancing on the side of the stage and the sax guy noticed us and invited us on the stage! My girl was shy but for somehow managed to dance with the band on the stage and had a blast! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!I was so sad by the service I received at the bar today. I was super excited to go to a BB Kings since I had always heard such fun things about their establishment. Trust me, I will NEVER go to one again. My friend and I had a buy one get one free drink coupon. We both ordered a drink and the woman working the bar instructed us that one of us had to order two drinks to get the coupon so we did. After we ordered the third drink, the male bartender said we weren't able to use the coupon at all and began to confront us across the bar. When we asked to speak to the manager, they would not let us and the male bartender said just do what it takes to get them out of here. I wish I had never spent a penny in there and hope no one else ever does.Absolutely one of the best accidental finds EVER ! And the band is AWESOME! The crawfish poppers are phenomenal. I recommend the shrimp and grits.Love BB KIngs
We walked up and down and all around the French market shopping area, popping into various bars and getting our "to go" cups. 
We were tired and all we wanted was a NICE place to rest and have a martini
And boy did we luck out when we stumbled in to BB Kings.
First off, it was clean....
Most likely due to the fact it recently open, but clean bars in Nola are hard to find.
We wanted an espresso martini, which was not on the menu. So our bartender, Marcus, asked us to guide him on how to make it, and it turned out delicious. We named it "The Bride's Morning," as it was my bachelorette party and was a perfect hangover drink. 
The ribs!
Oh my.
Meat was falling off the bone. We could barely put the rib to our mouths without the meat Falling off. 
And not saucy either. I love a nice dry rub rib, where the quality of the meat can't be disguised in sauce.
Tommy, the owner was amazing, and if you get a chance, say hi to him. He's pretty funny. 
We actually went back a second day? On our 3 day visit, just because we had such a good time there the first day.
The value for your money was pretty good too. 
On the second day, we asked for a "to go" cup
No to go cups there, but Marcus ran across the street to ask a vendor for some to go cups and made It happen. 
I hope this place does well.We ended up at BB King's because they had a balcony where we could sit outside and still listen to the band inside while enjoying the sunshine.  Apparently we got there right after the lunch rush and they were in recovery mode because we sat there for about ten minutes before anyone greeted us.  The manager explained, grabbed us waters and said our server would be right out.  A while later, when the manager made another pass, she asked if anyone had helped us yet and reiterated she'd make sure someone came right out.  When the server finally got there she was clearly playing catch up and took our food and drink orders all at once. Everyone's drinks came out within a few minutes, except mine. Then our ap came out-catfish bites (which were very good) and she noticed I still hadn't gotten my drink (apparently I went bad ordering a mixed drink vs a beer), so she went back to check on it.  Shortly after everyone's food came out but mine. The guy that brought the food out asked if we had everything we needed, so I mentioned I was missing mine.  He shrugged and said he'd check with our waitress.  When she came back to check on us, realized I still didn't have my drink (we'd been there at least 45 minutes at this point) and I could tell by the face she made that she hadn't actually keyed my po-boy either. By the time she came back with my drink and my food everyone else at the table was done eating. *sigh*
After everyone waited on me to eat, it took another 30 minutes to get the bill figured out.  Actually, the manager swung by again to check on us and picked up the billfold and said something about splitting the check 54-46??  For a party of 4 (two couples) that struck me as odd, but it didn't matter because our server came back ten minutes later and asked if she could just split the check down the middle-so they hadn't even communicated about our bill at all.  Apparently BB King's is newer and still getting everything together, the food was fine, it was up to brand standard from what I have had elsewhere, but goodness are they disorganized! I would be hesitant to come back here when there are so many other great options in this area. Also, when you mess up someone's order that bad you really should do something to show you appreciate your customers. NOLA is huge, we didn't have to eat there, it would have been nice to not feel like asking to sit on the deck for a drink and a sandwich was an inconvenience to you.The best ribs and greens I've ever had! Our server apologized to us because we waited a very long time before getting any attention, she said she forgot we were in her 'section'. I believed her; she made up for it with excellent service. The live music was awesome too! Great place! Next time I'm in N.O. I will stop in for sure!We happened on BB's while wandering and sat just  inside by the bar. I had the pulled pork sandwich and my hubby had a burger. Both were very good, not fancy but just good food. We each had one of the moonshine drinks which were very good. As we were eating our food the band came back from a break and they were great, so we decided to move in near the stage.  The atmosphere was casual but fun.While on vacation, my wife and I stopped there to get dinner and listen to some old-school blues. We have made reservations there before we left. We got there the manager was outside well very welcoming the three dollar cover charge is by no means excessive seating is great review the stage from anywhere prices are very reasonable we spent less than $60 on drinks and food the band was amazing it was their house band playing great sense of humor just a good time blues experience. The reservation really was not necessary but it was nice to have the barbecue sauce is amazing the staff was courteous friendly and very attentive they make you feel like family thereWe came here on a Wednesday and we were impressed with the food, music and service. One of the best spots in New Orleans to eat and listen to music. Would come again.Look. I am not one to judge this adversely. However. First, there was a cover charge that was not advertised. Not a big deal. What was the deal breaker? We were seated in the worst seat in the house next to the window basically with a table so close to us (and in front of us) that we couldn't see anything. And the ridiculous volume of the "ok" band. Turn the bass down... it's just not that important. BUT the real clincher was the asshole manager telling me how I should have registered my complaint. Then, he marched me to the cash register to basically brush me off without an apology or anything. He did give my money back and seemed pissed that I was even complaining. Truly over commercialized and second rate all around. And get a new manager... how embarrassing.First time in bb Kings today our server Hollywood did a fantastic job the debris fries were an awesome app and the beef brisket melt I had was phenomenal!! I would come back again for sure great music tooStopped for a drink while shopping at the French Market. My wife doesn't care for horseradish and Kolin made the most awesome custom bloody Mary's for her !!!!First off the music at this place was AMAZING.. we would have stayed the entire night if it weren't for the bartenders terrible cocktails and short pouring drinks. We wondered why the drinks weren't strong. Can't even fill a shot glass when we order a shot. UNBELIEVABLE!!Ok... I loved and hated my experience here.  Let me explain a bit.
Cons:
- Our service was horrible.  I was parking the car (which took a bit) and when I came back the waitress took my drink order (everyone else had their drinks) and I put in an appetizer order.   When we did not want to order our actual food yet she got all huffy.   We wanted to sit and enjoy the meal, not have our meal come out as our appetizers did.   Then we asked to move to an empty table not in front of the A/C vent - keep in mind they weren't overly busy.  She said yes and ran off... Well, the table was obviously dirty so we waited till she came back for it to be wiped down.   She came back with our food and was irritated we had not sat at the dirty table yet... 
She then wiped the table down, put our food down and stormed off.  Did not ask if we needed anything.  Which we did - one of our party needed silverware.   We waited for a few minutes and I could not get her attention so I walked up and asked for some.  She stated she would be with me in a moment... waited another ten minutes.  I finally went up to the hostess and got my niece something to eat with.   
I had to wave her down for drink refills and even then I got the in a few minutes response....  Not once did she ask hour our meal was.   It was horrible customer service and it lowered my rating from a 5 to a 3.
Pros:
- Food - the food was super tasty and everyone chowed theirs down.  I had the ribs and they were fall off the bone good!
- Music - We listened to a little of two different bands sets and both were fabulous.   We enjoyed the music and the atmosphere.
- Age - we had 17/18 year old girls with us.   Being able to get the in and have them experience the music was a + .  Most places seem to be 21+ if they have live music here.Do not waste your time. The place was 1/3 full and it took the kitchen over 60 minutes to prepare and deliver our food. Party of 5 on A Sunday afternoon. Very disappointed, would not recommend to anyone. It's a shame the name BBKing is represented by this sad establishment. The server wasn't concerned until I requested to speak with the manager. Servers need to understand customers don't want excuses, but action. Over priced food, terrible excuse driven service and a very long wait!Small cover charge was well worth it!
Ordered ribs (really good) and a chicken sandwich that was even better! Portions were definitely on the small side, but the quality was top notch!
We were looking for a late nite dinner and music spot- this was perfect.
Service was very good- despite it being a loud environment with live music playing.We stumbled across this place while in a bus tour and were very glad to have done so. The live music was a bonus. We enjoyed our food. However, we didn't have anything to really compare it to. Dont think it was necessarily outstanding fare.  But the meals for lunch were a good portion and tasted pretty good. We didn't try any of the alcoholic beverages. But they have a full service bar. We would go there again. Ambiance was great for lunch.The atmosphere was great good music we had good seats so I was excited but it took forever to get a waiter for drinks let's not get started on the wait for food ..and it wasn't a lot of people in there...if it wasn't for the good music I would have left...I was recently emailed by a member of management. The message was so very kind. She assured me that the issues would be worked on. I appreciate this kind of service. I'm adding a star for that!Three friends and I walked an hour from our hotel to this club to see Aiden Anderson perform a booked show. When we got there, we ran into Aiden outside leaving and we were informed that the drunk lead singer of another band kicked him off the stage and canceled his show.  He spoke to the manager who was also drunk and he also refused to allow him to play his booked performance. We left immediately and will not be patronizing this bar.I went there to celebrate my graduation with my family. What started off as a great dinner ended up as one of the worst experiences of my life as far as dining. My graduation gifts were stolen from the table and management has refused to help and even speak to me. Chris the GM Jeff and another manager have refused to talk to me when coming in, put it off on another manager and disrespected me in conversation and lack there of. Due to the location of our table, it's safe to say, an employee stole the gifts. I will never go there again. This is in no way a reflection of the city. I work in the service industry and dine out frequently. It's a reflection on this establishment. 
Please do not take your business there. New orleans has so many good food options s from places that won't take your money AND YOUR GRADUATION GIFTS.Amazing band! I never wanted to leave but my boyfriend was tired of sitting with me for couple hours till the band left for the night XD I will definitely come back! Great vibes + great music = great night and sweet dreams with a smile on my face. The ribs we ordered was awesome, the meat literally fell off the bones and was juicy and tasty. Other food was good but not as memorable. I ordered two beers, cannot remember the names, but be sure to ask for the draft beer selection of the season, or even tell the server your favorite and they will make a good suggestion. Also great service from our server Aaron (very cute smiles)!! I'm just one happy and satisfied customer~Our server was the only person working the tables. She was running ragged trying to keep up while the other employees stood around. Food was over priced for the French Quarter. There is much better restaurants in the area with better prices. Beer selection was lacking as well. As a plus, the musicians were great.We only had appetizers but both were surprisingly good.  The shrimp skillet is delicious as was the catfish fingers.  The wait staff was very nice and helpful.Went here during a trip to New Orleans to see some Mardi Gras parades.  Overall the food was really good!  Had the BBQ chicken and ribs dish with the fried pickles.  The pickles were nice and crispy and the BBQ sauce was not to sweet and not too tangy.  The ribs and mashed potatoes were my favorite things of the meal.   My friend has the mac and cheese and she said that was super good.  They had a live band and that made the experience even better.   Overall the service was pretty good and I will definitely go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.It's pretty good for what it is. The music is run of the mill "blues" standards. The band is ok, but never really grabbed the crowd. In New Orleans there are so many places to hear GREAT music - this was appropriate for what it is; a tourist restaurant. I highly suspect locals do not frequent this place.
The food was pretty good, again it was appropriate for what it is; a tourist restaurant. I had the Chicken fried chicken which was pretty darn good. Great breading, but they skimped on the gravy. That didn't bother me because the barbecue sauce on the table was pretty darn tasty on it. The chicken fried chicken comes with mac n cheese (which was not bad, but not OMG amazing either) and grilled veggies which were perfectly cooked and a tasty lightness to go with all the fried and cheesy goodness in the plate. I also ordered a dinner salad which was a $3 up charge but it was a decent salad so I was pleased. It was iceburg lettuce but had tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, cheese and a banana pepper on top. I was craving some veggies after weeks of New Orleans rich and heavy eating. It hit the spot.
I was very happy with the service. When I was seated I asked for the most obscenely huge glass of water they could find. I was hot, and thirsty, and dehydrated after a night of drinking the night before and about 2 miles of wandering the Quarter this morning She brought me a glass and a pitcher, which she gladly refilled without me having to ask. In my opinion the mark of a great server is one that pays attention to my glass being half full. Jackson, you earned your 30% tip!
The long and short of it is this place will do. There is music you can tap your toes to, the food is decent and not horribly overpriced for a tourist restaurant. It isn't the classic New Orleans experience, but it's a decent place to grab some grub, listen to music you probably can sing along with, and have good service.The fam and I enjoyed our experience here.  The service was great.  Food and drinks came out quickly.  I tried the BBQ chicken breasts, collars greens and coke slaw.  Gotta say,  I was pleasantly surprised by the how well seasoned and how much flavor the greens had!  For me, the greens alone are worth going back for.  Not everyone can get those collards just right.  The chicken breasts were very tender and moist.  Win!  The live music was great and made for an overall cool night out.  I will most def go back.Cool place . Good music and the food was tasty. Service a little slow but with good music and cold beer who cares.The atmosphere is awesome! The band was great and our waiter Josh was great as well. The food not so much. I had the turkey platter with greens and garlic mash potatoes. When I got the plate I had potato salad. Thought it was an accident and let the waiter know. He went to go ask and was told they had run out of garlic mash. They should have let the waiters know so that they can tell the customer ahead of time---management problem. Turkey was super dry.  My husband had pulled pork with coleslaw and baked beans. He got potato salad as well. He did get his coleslaw which according to him tasted like it had sat out too long. I have to say that Josh tried to accommodate me by offering me a different side order and that was cool. Entertainment was great and service was great, but food was not which is why the 2 stars onlyStopped in after lunch just to take a load of and have a beer. Band playing and stayed a couple of hours. Really good staff so we came back later after a ghost tour and caught another band. Cover charge at night so daytime night is a less expensive option.After shopping in the market place we were so thrilled to find a FANTASTIC PLACE with great food & service for us to enjoy for a couple hours. Live band to boot.  We enjoyed every minute. We were a family of 9.  And all of us continue to say how we enjoyed our time there & look forward to returning here.  Food, Drink Service, Entertainment & great Atmosphere.  ALL TOPS!  An Awesome Family Day!!We did a random stop in for food and drinks, and I must say, I'm impressed! Service, food, atmosphere, people, blues band were all exceptional! Thumbs up!Great food, great music!  Right downtown on Decatur. Ribs just fall of the bone and the sauce is sassy!  Live music with acclaimed saxophonist Tom Fitzpatrick to sooth the soul and get your blood pumping!Great food ,great music I would definitely go back. I would recommend the yazzo catfish and the Lucile.Poor service, late last night of Mardi gras. $20 cover for 5 into an empty restaurant. No go.AMAZING SHOW STOPPING MUSIC!! Plus, if you are white, you don't pay a cover charge.  My brother and I were walking down Frenchmen street and were stopped in our tracks by sultry music punctuated by real attitude.  We had to walk into BB King's Blues Club.  When a table became available, the tall, African American hostess who had stopped us when we walked in, very clearly and authoritatively (no nonsense manner) informed us that there was a strictly enforced $5 cover charge for the music.  She had us stand at the register and pay $10 before having a wait staff escort us to the table. The receipt she gave me read 2@$5 cover charge. We gladly paid because the music was smoking, however, ten minutes later two white people came in, walked right passed the hostess and took a table.  They never paid at the register. Shortly there after, 6 white people all in their 30's came in, walked passed the hostess and sat down and were not charged a cover charge either.  My brother got up and spoke to the hostess and asked why she had not charged them the cover charge. He told the hostess that if she was not enforcing the cover charge then she should not have asked us to pay. The hostess told my brother in a matter- of- fact tone that she only charges those people that she actually "sees". Guess those 8 people that who sat down and were never charged a cover charge are invisible. The hostess only "sees" brown people over 50 like me and my brother.  It is a shame because the cover charge goes to the band who is the reason people flock to this place.  The musicians are nothing short of excellent and don't deserve to be short changed by an unevenly enforced policy. The attitude and inequity exhibited by the hostess really diminishes from the whole experience especially in New Orleans where both diversity and music is celebrated.Great drinks, food and live music. Two of the musicians stopped and introduced themselves to us. The staff makes you feel like family. Thirsty was an AMAZING bartender- great recommendations on food and drinks, as well as local tips for visitors! Go see him!!!!This is a great place to have a meal in New Orleans. I came for lunch and it wasn't too packed, didn't have to wait for a table. They had live jazz music playing and the vibe the band have off was so fun and the restaurant was so into it. The music was great. It was pretty loud, so if you have kids or want a quiet meal, ask for a seat in the back. 
The food was delicious. The BBQ sauce is so good. We all tried something different and we're all very satisfied with our choices.Even enough we had reservations, we were told they were overbooked and it would be a 25 minute wait. 45 minutes later, after watching people who arrived after us and my husband complaining, we finally were seated. After a manager came over to "explain"  (make excuses) for the service, she took our order. We again saw people who were seated after us get their food, eat and leave. Finally 2-1/2 hours after our reservation time, we left - still without eating! Had it not been for the outstanding music we would not have stayed that long! Again, the music was fabulous, the service horroble, and the food? Since we never got to eat, I can't say!My husband and I LOVED this place! There was a $2 cover charge, no biggie. Our waitress was super sweet and helpful even though the food was average. The band was AMAZING! The atmosphere was great, a little too loud, but it's ok, because the music was great. We will definitely be back on our next trip to NOLA.skillet shrimp and ribs were really good, ribs were falling off the bone and really juicy. I like the Margarita, servers were nice. really enjoyed the live musicMy experience at BB Kings the other night was nothing short of FANTASTIC!
We sat ably the bar since we walked an hour before closing and the bartender was friendly and attentive. We ordered food and drinks and we were not disappointed. The food was hot and came out in about 15 minutes or less. 
Every Wednesday-Saturday they have a live jazz band with an amazing leading lady and an awesome guitarist! 
Definitely will be back soon to catch another good show and some great food!There's nothing like celebrating a wedding in New Orleans...unless you go to BB King's.
We had a reservation for 14 people at 7:30 on Saturday. We arrived a bit late around 7:40 and the front of house greeted us in a friendly manner. He didn't have our table reserved, so initially offered to break us into two groups. We were there to celebrate our friends wedding, so we wanted to sit together. He had us wait 10 or so minutes and managed to put a table together for us. However when we sat down, he only had 9 seats at the table, not the 14. Our group looked around and found chairs and squished together. Not the end of the world.
It was rather chilly in the restaurant, so much so that people were asking for hot beverages to try to warm up. I mentioned this to front of house, but no luck. I tried again with the waitress, no luck. 
Around 8:20 (yes, 30 minutes later) a disheveled looking waitress came by to take our drink orders. She brought two water pitchers, one of which she kept spilling on the groom (3 times throughout the night) and not enough plastic cups for each of us to even drink. She proceeded to take drink orders from 2/3 of the table before just walking off. Weird, but still not the end of the world. 
Our appetizers came out 15-20 minutes later, but no drinks. Hmm. No bueno. Finally, I went to the back and asked for the manager. He spent all of 10 seconds talking to me, didn't address any of the issues and just asked if it was our first round. When I answered yes, he just left. No apology, explanation, anything. And that would be the last I heard from him all evening, and we haven't even gotten to the worst of it yet.
I mentioned to the waitress we didn't have silverware or small plates for the appetizers and she informed me it was because they didn't have any clean ones. We asked if we could have anything so we didn't have to just put our food on napkins, she brought us long oval dishes for each of us. We ended up using those for a dual purpose, to warm ourselves and for food.
After this, our waitress walked out of the restaurant. literally left. Then Meghan came over (who is a rock star by the way. She should be the manager not that frantic absent minded, non-customer centric man) and she explained the situation. She asked how to start making things right and I mentioned our first round and not-so-freezing would be a great start. 
In the end, our drinks slowly started rolling out about an hour and a half after we were seated. The bartender must have really liked making long island ice teas, because that was the only thing he would serve. We ordered Irish coffees, and got them (again our first round) at 9:30 (almost two hours after arrival). AND they were cold. The only reason we got them is because the restaurant was so unbearably cold. Unreal.
So, then the entrees...good news and bad news. We got SOME of our food, good news. Bad news, both of the sandwiches and fries were cold, the salad was missing the grilled chicken and they came out at random times. But it gets better. Our old waitress walked back in and started serving some of our food. She asked me if we got our drinks and I said not all of them, and she laughed and said 'thought so'.
They never brought the soup which we ordered with cornbread and apparently you were out of it, but never told us, jambalaya pasta, and another three dishes. She offered to order them for us, but at this point we were ready to go eat just about anywhere else.
To me, the main issue is management. If it were just one of these problems, it would be easier to pinpoint a solution, but he didn't know how to run his own ship and Meghan did a better job of it than he did.
P.S. The music was great.Sehr gutes traditionelles Restaurant 
Essen ist absolut zu empfehlen.
Musik ist super 
Ein ErlebnisThe band Allstars with Darrell is absolutely incredible. We have been to New Orleans 10 times this is the place to listen to music
Darrell's chilling voice!!! the food is not bad either. must see!!!Came here on a Saturday night.  The band was really really good.  We ordered fried pickles which were good but a little too salty (and I love salty food), and the ribs with fries, slaw (bland taste) and Mac & cheese.  Waitress was MIA the entire time....Took forever to get anything.  That was the only negative.The food was good and the entertainment was even better. The white chocolate banana bread pudding was out of this world.  Our waiter Justin did a fantastic job of treating us well.  He didn't rush us at all, even encouraging us to stay as long as we wanted to enjoy the music. Wonderful evening as a wrap up to our stay in New Orleans.  We will certainly visit again next time we're in the Big Easy!This restaurant was a stop for a quick lunch.   The music was good. The food was okay nothing really what I was expecting.  My daughter did not like her meal at all and our waiter Hollywood was great and had the meal removed from our bill.  Hollywood was   very personable and attentive the entire time we were there.   If ever in NOLA again I may visit just for the entertainment and to see Hollywood.OUTSTANDING! We've been to BB Kings in NYC & Universal City Walk & THIS location here in New Orleans is by FAR the Best! Our bartender HOLLYWOOD is The Man, the drinks he crafted were consistent & well balanced, not to mention the Great conversation! Thank you for the genuine Southern Hospitality! We're coming back, FO SHO!Great barbecue and beer nice and cold. Having lunch and listening to good music. Nice clean placeI ordered the ribs, my husband had the shrimp poor boy and we both loved our meals. The music was great and so was the service!Catfish Po Boy with come back sauce was delicious and the music was top notch. The waitress was friendly and helpful. A great evening out!Really great atmosphere.  Saw a.few bands over.a.couple days and they were all pretty good.  There is always a live band which is awesome. I had hush puppies and they were amazing.  I say and the bar and the bartender was very good and friendly.  Recommended a beer based on what I liked and I really enjoyed it. Definitely a stop to make while in NOLA.This place is a joke. Worst restaurant experience ever and I work in one. Food and atmosphere is good, but service and management is a completely different story.
To start off I made reservations a while ago and when we walked in they claimed they didn't have my reservation and I would have to wait 30-45 minutes. I pulled up the conformation email I had on my phone and the hostess Betty, yelled at me and told me that since she didn't make the reservation or send me the email and the girl who did went home and there was nothing she can do. Excuse me? That's not how a restaurant works it doesn't matter WHO takes the reservation it should still be honored, especially when I have an email on my phone confirming one. Then as Betty continue to yell at me, the other hostess set up our table.
We sat down for about 20 minutes before we got a drink order taken...since we had been sitting for so long we were ready to order but the server, Marshall, didn't want to take it then....it was probably about 45 minutes after being seated that our order was taken. Then when the food did come out half the table got their food first, and by the time they were done eating the other half got their food. All together terrible experience. I blame management. They were obviously short on staff and the staff and management there did not seem to care too much about their customers. Will ever return and never recommend to anyone. BB King you should take your name off this restaurant.The BBQ Ribs were very good. Just a little too much sauce (I'll know for next time). The brisket was tender and not to smokey. Our side were Mac and Cheese which was better than average and potato salad was home made Mayo based. The portions are large.  The venue it's self was great. The band kept everyone entertained and sounded very good. Want to go back when the weather gets cooler. It gets. Little warm in there with all that singing and dancing going onI cannot believe during all my trips to New Orleans over the years, that I had never come across this place before! Hungry after a day of touring the city and the swamp, my travel buddies and I were craving some good old southern barbecue. BB Kings came up in my google search with good reviews, so we decided to try it. I'm so glad we did!
Let me say first, the service was perfect! The seating hostess was very warm and friendly, which to me is important since they are a my first impression of the type of service to expect in a restaurant. Our waitress was very attentive and approached our table almost immediately after being seated to take our drink order, and her attentiveness never wavered! We arrived shortly before the band went onstage, so the place did fill up, but she left us wanting or needing anything. Speaking of the music, The Kevin Gullage Band was just incredible! 
Most important, the food was amazing! I had the large order of ribs, 8 bones, with beans and mac-n-cheese. The meat fell clean off the bone and the sauce was perfect. I was only able to eat half, there was so much food! Everything that they were serving people looked so good, I can wait to go back and try other dishes.House Band is hands down best playing in the city right now. I'm a local and it can't  be beat! Get off your phone and go. NOW!We loved the atmosphere...BUT food and service left a lot to be desired.  This culinary experience might work in Memphis but If they don't upgrade the quality of food and flavors, this place won't last in New Orleans.
Turkey was dry...Mac & cheese was just bad Alfredo...potatoe salad had way too much dill..Chicken fried chicken had no flavor...onion gravy tasted like it was out of box.My family and I visited B.B. kings during our girls trip. My sister and I had been to the one in NYC already. The food here was okay. I had the hush puppies which were really good. The atmosphere was low key and at certain times there was live music. It was a nice ambiance 
What made the experience better was the service we received from our server Hollywood. He was very attentive, upbeat, and helpful.Stopped in here with my Hubby we sat upstairs our Bartenders name was HOLLYWOOD OMG!!! He WAS THE ABSOLUTE hands down the a Best!!! Professional and also from my Home town. I had the catfish bites which were Fabulous we Luv him and will be back ..... Now let's move on to the downstairs level on our way out we decided to have another glass of wine and take in some more of the music the bartender was The WORST I've ever ever encountered in New Orleans that's always such a welcoming city. I'm not sure if his name was Devin or Devon but he was Ridiculously Rude to All the customers he definitely needs an attitude adjustment and a lesson on Professionalism and Courtesy in dealing with the public. A customer was about to ask for a drink as he was talking with his co worker this guy throws his hand up in the air and says Just wait I see you I'm talking!!! I nearly passed out honestly he should have been sent packing I wouldn't sit and have him serve me Ever again a totally obnoxious jerk! The reaction from the remaining customers were Ok this guys need to be Fired'Relaxing environment. Great music. The food was very good. We were fortunate to get a nice spot outside.LOVE this restaurant - family and I were walking through the NOLA June heat all day and dropped by this place for some quick AC. We ended up staying because the food smelled so wonderful, the live music was enchanting, and the staff was so friendly - we just had to stay!! The Cajun Grilled Chicken Sandwich was phenomenal. Would definitely recommend for kids, families, singles, anyone.The bartenders were rude and the drinks were over priced I came with a group of 8 and they didn't take our food orders and the bartender kept ignoring us. I will not come here again.Food was very okay not saying it was bad just wasn't for me but the atmosphere was great the live band and the staff is greatI love this place! 
The restaurant just has such a charm to it. The stage where people can sing to the lay out of all the tables - I just love it.
It is close to the French Market so after you eat you can shop for tchotchkes and have a couple more drinks. Haha.
Our waiter, Hollywood, was so charming and nice. He recommended  some food and answered all of our questions. Great guy! Thanks, Hollywood.
When I come back to New Orleans, I will be making another stop at BB Kings!Savannah the hostess became our server... much to our surprise she was amazing!!!! She's incredible. I highly recommend this restaurant and Savannah!!!!Such a cute place for live music and drinks! First time visiting New Orleans and our server Hollywood went above and beyond to write down a list of local recommendations for us and answer any questions we had! He was THE BEST. Will definitely come back next time I'm here.We had a wonderful evening at this place yesterday night, on a Monday. My husband had the 8 bones ribs and I had the Born on the Bayou shrimp. Both excellent choices! Benny Turner and his band were playing. They were amazing! I'd definitely recommend this place to friends visiting NOLA.Had reservations, can not seat anyone, over 1.5 hrs waiting still not seated, don't waste timeThis place was so fun! The ambiance is worth every penny. The Red Afro Queen (Ms Silky Sol) performed the blues and had everyone on the dance floor! Her band was amazing too. The beer selection was good. I had the ribs and chicken meal and shared that with my son (pretty big meal)-the Cole slaw was so yummy and perfectly seasoned. The hostess was so sweet. She sat us down :25 before our actual reservation. This place was really happening and I had a really good time!Mediocre service. Orders were wrong. They were out of three things we originally ordered. Fries were cold. ¾ of our party ordered fries and no ketchup was provided. Oysters were mush. Chicken was cold and burned. Pasta was  the most expensive with the portion size for a 3 year old. Will not return.The worst place in New Orleans.  I recently hosted a party there and was completely ripped off. The event team incompetent. Over several months three different people managed the party.  The night of the party the food was inedible.  Stay away.What an amazing and awesome place.  We were very fortunate to come across this establishment after leaving the French Market.  So sweet, family-friendly, and fun with an unbelievable band playing.  Wow!! Nicole B was our server and if we visit again we would request her to assist us.  Great pointers on this city, awesome service, and she was just great!!  Yummy food.  Yay!!! Thx and keep up awesome service and atmosphere.LOUD! LOUD! LOUD! Seriously, this is horrible. You can't relish jazz music like that. There either should be some hi end sound systems that can properly handle such volume, or it has to be lowered. Place itself may not be that bad, but since I could barely enjoy what I came for, I can't give it more than 2 stars.Stopped in for a quick drink and some live music.  Was HOT outside so found a small bar on the third floor for a quick cold one.  Wound up spending a good hour and a half because of our bartender Hollywood.  A Queens guy in NOLa.  Shout out to Hollywood for us Philly peeps.We went there for dinner and had a great time. The food was very good (my wife and I split a full stack of ribs). The service was very good as well. We got there right before The Kevin Gullage band started playing right after we were served and stayed for his full 1st set even after we were finished with our dinner. And man, we were glad we stayed. This young man was only 19 years old and he played and had the audience in his hand well beyond his age!  Oh yeah, his blues band was pretty good too. :-)Great food but the place is a bit too loud for me.
I had the ribs and the sides that come with it. The food tasted fantastic. So I also ordered the brisket sandwich to go to have for dinner. The sandwich was also very good.
The only thing I did not enjoy was the drink I ordered, but the waiter was nice enough to offer me something else.
I like live music, but I wish it was not as loud. It made ordering almost impossible. The waiter and I had to be yelling into each other's ears - very akward.
If you do not mind loud places, I would definitely recommend this place.Been opened about 3 weeks.  The food is amazing!  Try the ribs...outstanding along with fried pickles & cheese plate.  Really nice happy hour & outstanding house band!I was sad when Buffet's left the Quarter. It was his home for gawds sake.
BB Kings moves in and I thought would have a tough time.
I was wrong! Good food, good drinks, expensive, but, they had a kick ass band that kept us there for a couple of hours!
A real treat for a Sunday afternoon!!Really ho-hum drinks and apps. Margarita was too sweet. They did have some decent music going on some nights so we kept wanting to stop in. The music saved an otherwise unmemorable visit.I'd rate the food a 5 star
Waitress 2 stars because of her lack of awareness. All my drinks after my original were watered down. We were apart of a group and understand it could have been a bit overwhelming but no one in my party was ordering so she couldn't have been to overworked!!!!!!
Band 10 stars!!!! Loved them from start to finish!!! 
Atmosphere is awesome. 
Portions could've better with the price of everything but I digress. 
My advice ask for a senior waiter/waitressEntertainment is fantastic.   Was at Coop's for dinner and wasn't impressed.  Wish we had eaten here.This place is a parody of what a jazz/blues bar should be. It does a real disservice to BB King's name.
The food was all weak, basically its bad bar food.
It is run like a chain that has been around too long, and no one cares.
The drink list was OK, I guess you could go and drink a lot and listen to music, and the music was good when we were there.
The service was on point, they do seem to know how to take care of you in that sense.
And the bar is big enough that you could hang at the bar, or get a table.
But man, the food! Awful. I could whip up better in my kitchen, and I don't cook!
No reason to go back. The food is sub par, and the atmosphere was weird, no one seemed to care to be there, except the musicians.
Way better bars in the area to go to and eat food, and listen to music.We stopped here for lunch and were seated upstairs in the balcony...beautiful!!!! My sister had a shrimp Po boy and the shrimp was excellent. I had a chicken salad and it was fresh and tasty with honey mustard sauce.  Our waiter was very personable.  This would be a great place to come drink and listen to music, multi level restaurant bar and decor was unique yet modern and on pointWe stopped here for lunch after hearing great music blasting out of the doors. The music was way better than the food or service. We ended up getting drinks and an appetizer because service was so slow. We got the cheese dip and chips which tasted fine but didn't have enough chips. The waiter was HORRIBLE!!!This is definitely a tourist restaurant. My husband and I live an hour away. My husband got the catfish platter, $20 for two small pieces of catfish, fries, and coleslaw. Not thing special. I got the brisket plate. The brisket was very dry, more like beef jerky almost. The service was terrible. Our waiter took our order and didn't come back for over half an hour. The bartender delivered our drinks, which the waiter put in wrong, and someone else delivered our food. We had to wave our waiter down to finally get the check. Then waited another 15 minutes for the check bc the waiter was trying to find a manager to fix the mistake with the drinks. Definitely will not be back here.They just opened.  The service and food was excellent.  They also had a live bad that was outstanding.   Keep up and great work, I'll be back here for the Music, food and service.  I had the pulled pork with fries.While the food and drink were good, our waiter was not. Unfortunately I do not remember his name, but he has a beard and we just left the establishment if that helps. We had a coupon for a free drink and asked him to clarify what it meant, just to be safe. He told us that we each would get a free drink. Awesome right?! So we each get 2 drinks. Then we get the bill and only one free drink is taken off. He tells us then that the coupon is only for one drink. One of us actually didn't want a refill, but hey it was supposed to be free so why not. And then we got charged for it. Tell people the truth, don't just try to get money out of them. Also, they were charging a $3 cover to get in because there was live music and were demanding that a party of THIRTEEN pay it. Making them pay $39 JUST TO GET IN TO EAT?!?! Low.Great food. Great service. Ask for "Hollywood ". He's wonderful. Super friendly and helpful. We had gumbo, wings, chicken fried chicken, Mac n cheese (excellent btw) and pulled pork. We were not disappointed at all. This is a must stop at place. Live music and souvenir drinks available as well.We had an amazing time there!! The band playing that evening (Thanksgiving day) was just amazing! And the food was good. The burger was as juicy as described, and the fried chicken was crusty and tender. Cocktails are not too strong, just as needed. 
Everything was great.We tried to stop in for a few drinks Saturday night as I am a huge BB fan and wanted to see the new place.  A man who repeatedly referred to it as "his" club, stopped us near the entrance and prevented us from entering the bar area.  He held a quiet conversation with someone at the host desk and then told us he had to escort us in the establishment.  After explaining we just wanted seats at the bar, he again told us, in a very condescending voice, that he would have to escort us.  He made a few other snide comments before we we walked out.  Terrible treatment in a half empty bar.  We went to Molly's on the Market instead.Ribs were excellent.  Sides wanting. Cole slaw totally bland. Potato salad was eh. Just a little vinegar and sugar would be great. Or whatever.  Just add some flavor. Beans were good.  Loved the atmosphere and band. Would probably return.The music is great, and this is a fun place.  The food is over-priced and under-portioned. If you want BBQ then you should eat somewhere else. Sorry B.B. but dats da lowdown. Sliced roast beef is not brisket, and for a ~$15 sandwich I expect more than 50cent worth of meat. I'd stop in anytime for the 4-star bands.I would love to give this place a 5star, but theres always one person that ruins it!
First, the hostess was super nice. She made you feel at home.
Food: we ordered the ribs and beef brisket sandwich. Both were excellent!!!!
Drinks: we ordered the big bawls, was horrible! Too sweet!!
The place was extremely cold, we moved to the bar area. Bartender Michael was horrific! He was miserable. The moment we sat down, we felt uncomfortable. We told him about our drinks, he said well i cant do anything about it. Didnt offer us  if we wanted another drink. The whole time we were sitting at the bar, he never asked us if we need something. I think he is just miserable person. There was another guy, he was helping him, he was nice and refilled my water. After dinner, he didnt asked us if we wanted dessert or offer dessert menu. Aughh!!
Last but not the least: the band was pretty amazing. I love live bands and they have the best band in New Orleans!!!
Go here for the band and food, dont sit at the bar!Pretty expensive for an average quality dish. THERE ARE NO RE-FILLS, I spent like 10 USD on 3 small diet Coke glasses packed with iceThis place is absolutely awesome! Great Music & Great Food! I recommend this place to anyone visiting the French Quarters.Thirsty Jones pulled us in off the street, sat us down at the bar and gave us some of the best service we've ever had. Probably the friendliest bar tender to ever wait on us.So me and my son was walking around the quarters looking for a place to go.and my son heard music. So he peeped his head inside this place and started dancing. I was nervous because I saw a bar and I was bracing myself to tell the kid its a bar. To our surprise it is a restaurant too. The joy my kid felt walking in this spot hearing the live music was priceless. I must warn you...THIs PLACE BE PACKED!!!! However, LIVE MUSIC.....man we had a freaking great time!!!!! I ordered the ribs with coleslaw and beans and it was good. My son HD the tenders and he enjoyed it. But overall we enjoyed the LIVE MUSIC PERFORMERS. We felt engaged into the performance with every song they performed. We will be back againThis place was fantastic! The live music was great and our food was good. They had a couple of gluten free options. I had the BBQ chicken nachos (gluten free) and my husband had a shrimp poboy. The portions are HUGE and we probably could have just shared the nachos. You would definitely be fine sharing a meal. Drinks are also tasty -- I had some kind of raspberry cocktail. 
The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because there was a mouse in the restaurant. The restaurant is by the Mississippi River and the doors are open, so I get it, but it was still a little unsettling.We stopped in here as we were walking through the market because we heard the music. Best decision we made that day. The music was fantastic (Willie Locket & The Blues Krewe)! The food that came out was so good. We ended up getting the Chicken Fried Chicken with Mac n Cheese and the Catfish Bites... So good! Our waiter, Hollywood was awesome. Super attentive, talked to us for a bit about where we were visiting from and just life in New Orleans. Made for such a great afternoon.
Thanks Hollywood!Music was great but the beers will cost you. At $8/glass (and for nothing special... we had bud light) this was the most expensive beer we had in NoLAThe music was fantastic. We stayed 2+ hours and could've stayed longer if the chairs were more comfortable and we hadn't eaten and drank our weight. The food was fine, general food you could get anywhere. The drinks were interesting but seems a little expensive for NOLA, but it was WELL WORTH IT for the musicWe really enjoyed this place.  We had great drinks and food.  Their hurricane drinks were really good.  The pork BQ nachos were amazing.  The servers do a really nice job making sure you are taken care of during your visit.  The bands are really good too.  We went back a 2nd time before we left to enjoy the music and the restaurant.One of the best experiences visiting New Orleans. Staff was amazing, especially Devan, Music was great, and food was delicious.Food is delicious but service was bad under staffed never had such terrible service!  Fifteen in our party the waitress never wrote our order down our food came out at different times and some of our plates were missing the sides!! One person in our party didn't get food at all had to keep asking for the manager they seem to have only one waitress terrible managementthe star is for the food , it was great ! But the service not so much , my server ( Julia)  was really standoffish and just overall kinda rude , she told me are you going to order anything else or what , or y'all just gonna wait , in a very rude tone . Even with the food being so tasty I wouldn't return because her service wasn't greatMy friend and I came over to this place ON St. Patrick's day, after the parade (or close to the end of it).  There was a $5 charge to come in because they didn't want to make the restroom available to just anybody.  I have to admit, this was very smart on their part because they took advantage of a great opportunity.  The restrooms were very well worth the $5 charge, because we then ended up staying for the jazz AND the food.
The band that was playing, was awesome! We listened to some R-E-S-P-E-C-T and some Otis Redding...it was really good! For starters, I ordered a cup of the Gumbo Ya Ya - which was fantastic!  The menu detailed it as "a New Orleans classic chicken and Andouille sausage simmered i dark Louisiana roux topped with rice".  I was starving when I had gotten here, so I also ended up ordering a regular order (4 bones) of the BB's famous lip smacking ribs and the catfish po boy.  The rack of ribs were very good! The meat literally did fall off of the bone.  (that was my favorite entree).  The catfish po boy was fried and came with a side of fries.  I was only able to eat half of it due the amount of food that I had originally ordered.  It was pretty good, but the baguette that it came in, was honestly just too much for me.  I don't know, but it seem dry to my tasting.  Overall the server that we had was super nice and friendly, and the manager def came around and asked how we liked our food.  I wouldn't mind trying another dish here and the music that was playing that evening was on point!  I don't know about the other reviews that stated that they had to wait for a long time for their food, but when we were there, it was served at a reasonable time.  Check out my pics! (sorry if it's too dark to see...the ambiance was pretty nice and I didn't want to be that person who turned on their flash for a food pic- lol).We had lucked out on Frenchmen Street while scouring for a place to eat and listen to a bit of live music. We eventually ended up here. 
The band was energetic and the music was overall good. The prices were less than desirable as the cover was $10/person even though we were ordering food. Speaking of food, they're not the cheapest around nor the tastiest. Recommendation is to drop by and grab a spot upstairs to listen to the music for a bit before or after a meal somewhere else (I'm not sure what the cover is for upstairs though)We decided to try something a little different.   We headed to the blues cafe.   My husband and I split the Roast Beef Po Boy (YUMMMMM)
The service was excellent.  We made a reservation and they had our name on the table so noone else would take it.
The wait staff was impeccably trained!  EXCELLENT SERVICE AND FAST.
We definitely go back.Thought the shrimp PO-boy would be good; Very disappointing.  Bread for the sandwich was not fresh, popcorn shrimp did not taste good- over cooked;  fries were not good, bbq sauce nor ketchup helped. Catfish bites were very good.  The music and the catfish bites are keeping the rating from being no stars.  Please improve the food and service.We wanted peach cobbler and did research to find this place but after waiting 30 minutes for the cobbler to be baked we were disappointed.  Not enough cinnamon, peaches were not soft enough, and the crust was horrible.  Actually the crust was a layer of bread on top.  So we didn't get our peach cobbler craving satisfied.  However the drink was tasty, the music was amazing and the servers were pleasant.We enjoyed this spot with my family. The blues band, the food the drinks and the staff were fabulous!!! Meredith really made our night with her excellent New Orleans friendly welcome including a dance with our 6 year old on stage. Thank you!I dropped in to this restaurant while entertaining a friend that's never been to New Orleans and boy did I make a mistake we ordered simple hamburgers,,, way overpriced !!!!! $38 for two burgers fries and iced tea they were not even real beef soy burgers is what we got they were not made to the menu specs and silverware was very dirty could not find a clean fork or knife don't recommend this place at allOh my goodness!!!  This place!!!  Seriously!!!  If you love jazz, blues, Marvin Gaye, BB King, and on and on, you will leave this place exhausted with so much amazing entertainment, you cant take it all in.  The service was outstanding, fun, and entertaining in itself!  The food...aaaaaamazing!  Ribs were so tender the meat just fell off at the touch.  The Blue Lucille drink was so yummy.  We were going to the Jazz Fest the next day and, honestly, I would have much rather gone back to BB Kings!!!  Wow! Wow! Wow!  Wish I had one closer to me!We had a catfish and shrimp plate with fries. Very tasty, not over the top, but pretty good. My friend had the jambalaya pasta, she ate every bite. Live music was fabulous, really enjoyed our time there.I had an amazing time. Came across this place by just walking down the street. They turned out to have a live jazz band that played amazingly and interacted with the crowd. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich, combo friend platter, and the crawfish poppers. The pulled pork was amazing. Being from Texas I thought it wouldn't be good to compare but it met every expectation the amount of meat was great very filling. The platter was great too, I would not order the crawfish poppers again.Went here Friday night.. Walked up to host stand.. Manager asked if I had reservation and I said no.. Place was have empty.. But he just looks at me then walked off.. Since I didn't get a table I don't know what the food taste like.. Place must be so busy that you turn paying customers away.. Went somewhere else for Dinner.. Never come backThis place is incredibleeeeeeee. The food was amazing and our waiter HOLLYWOOD was the bestttt. He definitely made our visit here very special.We celebrated our mother's 85th birthday at B.B. King's last night and we could not have made a better choice. The care, kindness, and service was exceptional; Chucky C and his band are superb musicians and their birthday tribute to our mom was priceless; the food was great and the delays were to be expected, it was a busy evening and the place was packed. We could have not asked for more on Christmas Day and a Birthday Dinner for our mother than what we experienced with the B.B. King staff.Do not order the Shrimp Po Boy, hard bread, small shrimp, skimpy on the portion. Horrible! Fried pickles salty a s$@t, taste like high blood pressure. Sweet Tea was decent, ribs over-cooked and burnt and we had to pull the damn chicken skin off the yard bird cause it was fried so hard. Whoever recommended this place needs there tongue tested. The second star was for the music. BB King would be pissed. Please do better.This was a great place to stop by for a drink and listen to some music.   Our hostesss Devolin was amazing and a sweetheart.   If you're in Nola then you have to come here. 
Author David Moon 
Books on Amazon 
Zomosapiens
Scales of Justice 
The Wife's Wicked WeekendInteresting experience is the best way I can describe this. The band we amazing! I would give them 6 Stars out of 5. 
We were greeted and seated promptly off to a good start... 35 minutes later we are still waiting to order drinks. I had even raised my hand and eye balled several wait staff. Finally I went to the front desk and asked who my waiter was (front desk took our drink order).. 5 to 10 mins later our waiter came to take our order.
We ordered  catfish  bites as an appetizer. It never appeared. 
The chicken and ribs was an entree to share sadly no option to upgrade the rib portion to a larger size but thats ok.
The ribs were fantastic. The chicken was a little dry and needed more bbq sauce (available on the table) to be easily swallowed.
Overall I would recommend this place for the music but the table and food service was substantially sub standard given the restraunt was only 1/2 to 2/3rds full I would not return here to eat.Unfortunately many restaurants in the New Orleans Parrish were closed due to the inclement weather, broken water pipes and low water pressure. There was a boil water advisory in effect as well. So we wandered  and stumbled not here.  The music was good, our food was wonderful but what put the cherry on top was our waiter, Hollywood.  He was the bomb and made our day.  He went out of him way on many accounts.  Not a fancy place but hit the spot for us.  Would definitely go back again.First time in New Orleans, left the French market and stumble onto this place. Liked it so much we went back a second time. Food and service is great and I can't say enough about the house band!!! It's a must if you are in New OrleansGreat food, amazing musicians and the best staff I've experienced in a long time! Go now.Excellent music, great food, attentive service (thank you, Simon!!). What else could you ask for? Great place and highly recommended for any trip to New Orleans.I had a roast beef po boy that was so delicious.  Husband had the ribs, excellent.  Entertainment was great!!!  The Dana Abbott band.  I am now a fan.  Friendly wait staff.  Cozy place.  I didn't want to leaveWandered into this place after hitting the French market. Live music was awesome! Had the catfish fritters - yum! Shrimp skillet - yum! And split a shrimp po boy - to die for! It's loud so be prepared to yell carrying on a conversation.We couldn't wait to experience the place.  Went there with a group of 7 during French Quarter Fest.  First off the Bloody Mary was terrible, they should just use a ready mix, any one would be better than this one.  It was dressed nice, olives and beans, but the drink was not good.  The food took an extremely long time to come out.  Two of us had the brisket, it was good except one of us had an unidentified object in the potato salad, not even the waiter, manager or kitchen staff knew what it was :(.  One of us ordered the burger,  they didn't even ask how they wanted it cooked, so it came back extremely dry and overcooked as we already knew it would.  Their fries were really good as well as the chicken wings appetizer.  Two people in our group ordered the roast beef poboy.  The roast beef was spoiled on both of those.  Another ordered oyster sandwich and he had no complaints.  The wait staff was pleasant,  glad they had live music, but there were too many misses with the food.  We'll never go back.I came here with my two friends after walking in the French Quarter all morning. The music was fantastic, the atmosphere was fun as well. We ordered some drinks (they were ok) and some food. The food was alright, I thought it was a bit overpriced. The waitress was nice, or so we thought, until she brought the bill. We left a decent  tip, but the waitress returned and demanded to know what was wrong with her service, saying something must be wrong to have tipped so low. I'm a firm believer in tipping, but didn't believe her service/the price-quality of the food deserved a huge one! This made everyone feel uncomfortable and I definitely won't be returning.Very good food & nice atmosphere. After a few days in NOLA & not having the best meals, we decided to look for BBQ. BBs was one of our choices. We chose here because of the variety on the menu. Our waiter was Arthur and he was perfect. He gave us honest answers to what was good on the menu and checked on us regularly, never letting our glasses get empty. The ribs were fall off the bone tender. My friend left nothing but an empty bone on her plate. I had the BBQ pork. It was good too & enough for me to take home for dinner. The best sides are the beans, mac n cheese, & greens. There is also a live band playing in the background that enhances the environment. Parking can be a little challenging but I'd definitely go back.Came here mainly for the music and what a great show we got. 
We just ordered a small appetizer and a round of beer. Great food and beer.
I noticed that the Manager went around making sure everyone was good and he even cleared tables and served food. Now that's great management! 
We went during the day as we figured night time would be too crowded . We got seated right awayWe are in from out of town.  We had an outstanding time and meal.  The band was amazing, but our waiter 'Hollywood' was the highlight for us.  'Hollywood' is the best and we'll come back just because of his friendliness and smile.
JRHands down the best experience I have had in New Orleans. The staff is INCREDIBLE. Meredith & Rick are the most wonderful, welcoming, amazing individuals that you can find in New Orleans. Rick went out of his way to tell us everywhere we needed to go on Bourbon and made sure we were not only taken care of but were safe as well. We were floored by his hospitality (LSU fans you never know) but absolutely could not have done New Orleans without his help. (Geoux Tigers I guess). We spend two hours in pure bliss in the amazing atmosphere, food and drink and this will absolutely be my first recommendation to anyone coming to New Orleans. Nestled right in the heart of the French market you can't help but have a fantastic time and have such an authentic New Orleans experience. Love love love BB Kings and can't wait to come backI made reservations for Christmas Day. My party arrived a few minutes before our reservation time. When we went in the hostess was complaining that people were not leaving after they had finished eating which they had not anticipated so they were running behind. There were people there that been waiting for over over 30 minutes. after waiting for 30 minutes or so we were finally seated upstairs. After sitter for another 30 minutes we flagged down a server who promised to find our server. 
Our server finally comes over- complete with an attitude and no apology. We order our drinks and food and he says BOTH will take 45 minutes. Our drinks come about 20 minutes later and our server NEVER comes back to ask us if we need anything or gives an update. An hour later I ask for an ETA he says best guess 15 minutes. I ask to speak to a manager and we get thew same spiel we heard from the hostess- however the place is now half full because it's 10 and they close at 11. He comps our drinks and our server is now pretending we're besties by running over telling us he was going to comp all of our drinks before the manager told him to. 
When we finally get our food it is literally just meat on a platter for some of us because apparently they have run out of sides and did not feel the need to tell us or bring a a substitute. At this point I am fuming! I ask for to go boxes and the manager. I let her know this was the absolute worst service I have ever received and a terrible way to start my first trip to NOLA and that there is no way I am paying for this meal. Especially since it is no 10:45, were they expecting us to inhale our food?
Here's the kicker! The server that ignored us all night came running down asking us to pay for the drinks that were comped. Not likely. This place may be okay at other times but I would never go back.Hollywood is the best! Awesome personality and great service! Thank you! Their bloody Mary's are incredible!Good food ! Super chill spot ! First time coming here and I would def return!! We got the trio seafood platter with fries, shrimp, fried oysters, fried fish and hush puppies  it was BANGIN!The food is amazing and Hollywood is the best person EVER! Thank you, Buddy! You rock!Great food and service.  Best in city.  Great music also.  Will definitely be back.  Went to French Market yesterday to shop and ended with a great meal.Great food,great atmosphere!!! I had the ribs and they were pretty good.Live band was very entertaining,they even got everyone to join in and form a "Soul Train" line which was very entertaining.All in all I will return and support this new spot in the city.First restaurant in New Orleans we visited. Live music, great food (fried pickles, definitely recommend!), and great service! Hollywood was over server and provided excellent service! Not only was he very personable, but he provided us with a list of must dos while on vacation! Would recommend visiting B.B. King's in a heartbeat!!So if your going to compete in the NOLA market you need to have a great mix of food, drink and SERVICE!  We ordered the catfish appetizer and it was amazing, the music sounded good, however we sat at the back bar and the service was worse than awful.  I'm a former bartender and it hurts my heart to leave a bad tip but it was poor, the guy was disrespectful and we won't be returning.  New Orleans has too much to offer to waste my time with a poor management/service.Catfish Bites are great! Good time but too commercial. Local joints on Decatur have more to offer but still a good time and great music!Horrible service. My partner and I sat for a half hour without being offered a menu or even water. Staff seemed more interested in talking to each other than taking care of customers. We eventually went elsewhere because New Orleans has too many great restaurants to put up with that sort of thing. One star is for the music (which was great). We won't be back.I haven't been to the French Quarter in a very long time but some friends came in from out of town last Sunday Oct. 15th and we decided to go to BB King's. So glad we did because we listened to some of the best gospel music I've ever heard. Too bad it ended at 12 noon (Maybe because of the Saints game). Hope these singers and musicians are there for a very long time 'cause I WILL be back! Our souls were refreshed! Thank You BB King!!!!!I hosted a dinner for 40 people at BB Kings.  The service, food, atmosphere and entertainment were all outstanding.   I strongly recommend if you are hosting a similar event in New Orleans that you strongly consider giving BB Kings a try.   I am confident that Kelsey McClary and her staff will take great care of you.I've been to BB Kings in West Palm Beach as well as New Orleans many times. Always a phenomenal experience. This time was extraordinary because of our magnificent waitress Julia who was overwhelmed with orders though still went above & beyond to make our visit indisputably the best experience yet. We never waited a moment to ask for anything, Julia was on top of our needs before we had the time to ask. If it weren't for her Christmas wouldn't have been nearly as joyous. Thank you Julia for going above & beyond.Our family came down for a vacation to New Orleans.   Jenny was our server, loved her smile and friendly spirit.  She made us feel welcome and recommended a great appetizer, the skillet shrimp and crawfish poppers. It was amazing!  My husband & daughter both ordered the shrimp po boy, we enjoyed the shrimp, it was fried perfectly. The live music was fabulous and we really enjoyed the comfortable atmosphere.  Jenny was very knowledgeable about the area and other places to visit while we  were in NO. It was an overall amazing experience and I wish more servers were like Jenny. This will be a priority stop for future visits and we will request Jenny as our server!Had to pay a cover even though we just wanted to eat dinner. Fine, whatever. Was hoping it would be worth it. I ordered shrimp and grits but they were out. So I ordered a chicken sandwich and fries and hubby ordered wings and fries. His wings had absolutely no seasoning on them at all. They were so bland and bad, he didn't even finish them, which is very unlike him. My sandwich was just ok, but my fries were horrible.  They must have given me the last batch before making hubby a new batch. His were hot and crunchy. Mine were cold, stale, and just gross. Service was slow too. We were going to come back the next day for the gospel brunch but decided not to after this experience.We went just to get the Banana Bread Pudding and it did not disappoint! We also surprisingly received the best service we have ever had! Latasha was fantastic! She made us feel at home and her personality was fantastic! She truly was a gem.  The restaurant was decorated nicely and music was great! Will definitely return! And would recommend to anyone!