Happy hour prices are great! Fries $3, sandwich $5. Food is good. The sauces that came with the food was good and very different. It was a nice change to the regular ketchup flavor profile. Decor goes well with the menu. 
Service was GREAT, quick, and attentive. Steve did his thing.I am a fan of tiki cocktails and have been to some of the best tiki bars in the country. I was pretty happy that Latitude 29 opened in the Bienville - I like having options and while I like Tiki Tolteca (practically next door) a lot, I dig Latitude 29 in a whole different way.
First of all - the tiki drink recipes are classic and meticulously researched by Beachbum Berry, who is probably one of the world's experts in tiki drinks. (No kidding.) This means that these cocktails are strong, have amazing ingredients and taste even more amazing.
Second, the food menu has something for everyone. The apps price point is perfect ($5-11) and the options are great for someone wanting a small nosh with your cocktail. I love the pineapple bread and the dumpling burger. For the mains, the loco moco is a great option, as is the burger or the steak frites.
Speaking of the steak frites - it is only $15 during happy hour! What a deal! (There's also drink specials and I am partial to the Odin's punch.)
The bartenders here are pretty cool - not snooty and actually pay attention to you at the bar. Now that's refreshing in itself.As I came into this restaurant with 5 of my closest friends, we were immediately treated as if our service did not matter to their business. We all come from around the country and came to this restaurant to spend a memorable meal together. However, we were forced to squeeze into a booth that was meant for half of our party size. When we asked for a different table, we were dramatically rejected. When we asked to pull up a chair to the end to have some more space, we were once again told no. I'm sure the food here is somewhat decent, however the service was just inconceivable. I will not be returning. And the tiki drinks looked dumb.Visited Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 for the first time on February 21st, during a week-long vacation to New Orleans.  The bar is located at the rear of the Bienville House Hotel, facing North Peters St.  I was favorably impressed with this place!!  My brother and I came back two more times that week, and got well acquainted with Sam the bartender.  Also met bartender Brad, who is also a cool guy. During my three visits I tried the Nui-Nui, Latitude 29, Hell in the Pacific, Rum Barrel, Mai-Tai, and Oaxacan Sour....all were EXCELLENT cocktails, mixed to perfection and beautifully garnished by Sam!  The bar has great tiki decor, and is a relaxing place to hang-out and meet people while in New Orleans.  Thumbs up to a great tiki bar experience!!  Definitely hope to come back again sometime!I wonder why there isn't a seriously long line out the door every night!
I had never visited a tiki bar until we visited Trader Sam's Enchanted Tiki Bar at the Disneyland Hotel in 2013.  After that experience, my wife and I were hooked on tiki.  Of course it didn't take long to learn about Beachbum Berry and his reputation as the "go to guy" for tiki history and recipes.  When I learned that Latitude 29 recently opened, we "had" to give it a try on our recent trip to NOLA.
After a day of traveling, the idea of walking over to Latitude 29 to relax with a couple drinks sounded perfect.  We arrived around 9pm and were seated immediately.  Our first impression was that this place is high quality.  The low-key tropical theming was just right.  And we appreciated the subtle nod to Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room, as they had two of the tiki drummer replica statues on display. Lots of thoughtful touches throughout, and we especially thought the power outlets (with USB ports) located on each side of the booth were cool! Great music too!
I believe our waitress was named Katie.  She was friendly and took great care of us.  Actually, service was great across the board.  We had five different people check in on us throughout the night.  And they all had a great balance between keeping their distance and anticipating our service needs.
For drinks, my wife ordered the namesake Latitude 29 and I went with the Hawaii 504.  They were both excellent, but we both liked the Latitude 29 a bit better.  We also had an order of pineapple bread and an order of steamed pork dumplings (in a mushroom-based wrapper.)  The pineapple bread was fresh and tasty, hot out of the oven.  It was enjoyable but the pineapple and coconut flavors were more subtle than I would have expected.  The dumplings were beyond amazing.  Possibly the best I've ever tasted.  The stuff that dreams are made of.  Seriously.   After we relaxed for a while, I followed up with a Zombie.  Another great choice!  We relaxed until around 10:30 or so and then decided to walk back to our hotel.  What a great start to our relatively short NOLA visit.
We got our fix of traditional NOLA cuisine the next day, so when it was time to decide where to have dinner on our third evening, it was a no brainer.  We had to come back to try the dinner menu.
On our second visit, we were served by Nancy who was also awesome.  It's refreshing to be served by someone who knows how to engage and be social, but also take a step back and leave us to ourselves when appropriate (while still attending to our needs like refilling water and taking plates away.)
Anyway, for dinner we ended up going with another order of pineapple bread (even better than the first night), two more orders of those pork dumplings (equally as amazing as the first time), and then we shared an order of the glazed pork ribs (with mac salad and rice).  OK, these are excellent ribs.  Sweet, gooey, and crispy at the same time.  Meaty but not too fatty.  I like to order ribs, and I've have had my fair share from Kansas City, St. Louis, Memphis, Austin, etc.  These could easily make my top 5 favorite ribs.  The mac salad was excellent too.  The rice was "meh".  It was relatively bland and too mushy on the inside.  To be honest, I didn't care.  I didn't have room in my stomach for it anyway!!!!
For drinks, I still wanted to try Beachbum Berry's Mai Tai, so I went with that.  It was good, and of course in a league of its own compared to your typical offering.  But not my favorite from Latitude 29.  My wife went with the Mississippi Mermaid.  She tends to like vodka more than rum, so this peaked her interest.   Being somewhat sheltered in the suburbs of our hometown, we had to google to find out what "tamarind" was (something from the pea family).  After a reassurance from Nancy, she decided to give it a go, and was glad she did.  It was quite tasty!!! For round two, my wife went with another Latitude 29 (I think she might be developing a taste for rum after all!) and then I went with the Pontchartrain Pearl Driver ("ice buttered rum"?  yes, please!!!!)  Oh man, that was good.
My only regret is the timing that I got up to go to the bathroom. LOL.  I came back to find out that the Beachbum himself stopped at the table to check on us and clear a couple dishes.  Darn, I missed the chance to thank him personally and congratulate him on his new place.
My final thought is related to my first... as we headed back to our hotel near Bourbon St., I couldn't help but feel special.  That I knew a secret.  All these people waiting in long lines outside the doors of mediocre oyster bars... Dudes, you don't know what you are missing.  You are in the wrong line!!!In order to write a completely accurate review I want to revisit this place. Host was friendly and seated us promptly. Service was attentive, timely and informative. Drinks were fun, cold, and garnished well. Was not a fan of the food. The drinks were priced $11+ which I figured for a Tiki themed bar, mostly due to the expensive or foreign liqueurs used and the exotic prep to make them (Banana wrapped glasses, frozen snow cones as ice cubes etc.) However, I didn't expect the $15 price tag attached to the burger my boyfriend ordered. Not to jump to any presumptions we each ordered an entree. His burger came out with more dipping sauce than available fries, and the burger itself was SMALL. The bun itself wasn't even standard grocery burger bun size. My entree was similar to a burger, but without the bun. Ground filet patty over golden mushroom rice, gravy and topped with a fried egg. I figured I would eat "lean" and go for it. The portion was decent, however it was extremely salty. I downed three glasses of water at the table just to counter act the sodium. I'll go back, but mostly to evaluate the comprehensive drink list further.Good drinks & service. The Missionary's Downfall drink was really refreshing albeit pricey. Average drink prices for the FQ. If you enjoy rum or Carribean themed drinks, this is the place.Spot on Tiki cocktails and more from the reviver himself. A1 bar with an A1 staff, what more can you ask for?? Tiki heads know what's up with BerryTiki bars are among my favorite types of bars. From the lush over-the-top Tonga Room in SF to NYC's rock & roll East Village haunt, Otto's Shrunken Head, you really can't go wrong with some palm, tiki torches, orchids and nifty vintage Hawaiian shirts. Blame the love on an early fascination with Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room.
I do admit, however, to not loving those sickening sweet rum concoctions, often a color not known to exist in nature and often set on fire. Pretty to look at, not so pretty to look at the next day if you know what I mean.
Latitude 29 is more craft cocktail purveyor than pina colada slinger. The cocktail list is a compelling list of drinks made with all sorts of spirits, not just rum, with cool names like Mississippi Mermaid and Pontchartrain Pearl Diver (in addition to your classic Zombie and Mai Tai). Ambiance offers a dark, lush bar side (I'm so sitting there next time) and the bamboo-filled, more brightly lit dining room that lends itself better to eating. And really, you should eat here. 
Yes, you can eat here if you're veg, G/F etc. How refreshing. They had me with this statement: "Executive Chef Chris Shortall and his staff are dedicated to creating beautifully composed, modern, playful Tiki Cuisine that includes options for our gluten-free, vegetarian, and vegan guests." I guess I can't stress enough how it good it feels to not have to get apologies and confusion from a waitress and the dreaded/reluctant "I'll have to check with the chef." Other NOLA establishments would do well to start with such a welcoming policy. 
As part of my birthday weekend, I landed here for the first time and I'm an immediate L29-lover. Jen L had informed me that the genius behind the menu was none other than the chef from Twelve Mile Limit so I knew I was in for some good grub.
Oh my god, friends... that's an understatement. I ordered the Bahn Mi. It comes stuffed with lightly fried tofu and pickled veggies, as well as soy mayo and Sri Racha on the side. Get the fries (why wouldn't you?) I couldn't even finish, the portion is that huge. 
And the drinks. I first went for the Hawaii 504 and was pretty blown away by how light, fresh and spicy it is. I mean, the perfect warm weather drink... who am I kidding? The perfect cold weather drink too. What a brilliant twist to sprinkle a little Chinese Five Spice on there, which goes well with the ginger liqueur of course. I then couldn't pass up the idea of Frank Sinatra's favorite Tiki drink and ordered the Navy Grog, which comes with a straw inserted into a huge cone of ice. I knew what I was in for... an extremely strong concoction worthy of Old Blue Eyes, but a little too rumtastic for me, so I switched back to the 504. If you're a fan of strong rum drinks, however, do order the Navy Grog.
Love the atmosphere. Love the cocktails. Love the service (everyone is so nice). I don't love that they close so damn early (11pm on weekends... what?) Welp. I have a new favorite French Quarter bar.True to the tiki tradition, with a few long lost recipes. Being in such a tight niche may have long term concerns, but in speaking with Steve, GM, there's an able captain at the helm. I'd encourage Steve to experiment with tiki modifications such as rum/whiskey hybrids, use of liqueuers in place of syrups, shrubs (to simulate old island methods of preserving syrups without refrigeration,  etc.). Also, consider high end subs (lots of fine rums and rhums and cachaca, etc). Definitely going back to get my tiki on.Do not come here with a large group. They don't know how to handle it. Probably fine if you are just a small gathering.An evening of #Shenanigans & #tomfoolery @ Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29--- it was rainy and cloudy out but in here life is a BEACH. I had the kea colada which is described as a Piña Colada and then some--Jamaican (yea mon) and Virgin Islands rums swirled with coconut cream, lime and pineapple. The place is small and tight but worth the squeeze. Only in Nola can you enter one door and be on an island and the next be somewhere else!Where to start with this little gem? We started with a Combination and their signature Latitude 29 which both served to whet the pallet. Several recommendations from Brad later my wife and I settled on more than a few Kia Colladas, a delicious take on the classic Pina colada well balanced and not overly sweet like most you'll encounter. We'll definitely be back next time we're in town.This was a great place to get a drink.  They are expensive but the tiki drinks really taste good and it was a pleasure to drink.Loved this place! First of all, or server was awesome. I salt forget her name now but she have great food recommendations from the menu and was super friendly. We really enjoyed having her as our server who also had amazing lashes (random, I know). Now onto the food and drinks. We finally found hurricanes that we really liked. It's not made with the cheap stuff here...it's fresh fruits, nice and strong, and refreshing. We got passion fruit ones. As for food, we got the steak frites, meat sampler, shrimp and grits, and something else that was also delicious.  The meat sampler...my favorite part was the fried spam with little runny yolk quail eggs! Wish we could have had like 5 more of those. My steak frites were perfect too. Well seasoned and not only medium rare like I requested but tender too! Usually places will serve my steak too well done or it'll look right but taste dry. The fries were also well seasoned and of good texture. As for the shrimp and grits...those shrimps are heaven! So well seasoned with the perfect amount of kick to them. We drooled over the memory the next couple of days and other shrimps that we had couldn't compare. All in all, awesome trip and I would come back here for another meal and another drink. We would have came back before we left NOLA but ran out of time. Definitely come here for a hurricane and the food!Tiki bars have always held a special place in my heart. I love the idea that America was overly obsessed with all things Polynesian for a time. Another special place in my heart is for my love of the food that Chris Shortall brought to Twelve Mile Limit. Tiki bar with food by Chris Shortall?! Sign me up! I really have enjoyed my dining experiences at Latitude 29, as I knew I would. The food is delicious and filling for a good price point. I've had the dumplings, the Hawaiian Cuban, and the burger and they were all excellent! As much is the food is delicious, you should be coming here for some amazing cocktails. They have an impressive variety and each one is very well-crafted. I have tried most of the menu at this point. Definitely anything that contains whisky, for sure.  This is a very welcome addition to the French Quarter. Good food and quality cocktails in the best ambiance. You must stop in!The drinks are behind imagining. So much thought has gone into making them balanced and not sweet.  Food is good also. A great respite from the craziness of Bourbon Street. The staff is some of the best you'll find. Anna was very knowledgable and honest with her advice. We met one of the owners, and it is clear that this is a passion of love - the desire to make a business while sharing amazing food and drink profiles with us.By far, the BEST Pina Colada that you'll ever consume!  Last year @ Tales of the Cocktail, I was a  Latitude Virgin. Needless to say, I've been craving this beverage for a year. Just as good in 2017. Going back to try another delicious libation this evening. Definitely stop!!!Review of bar only
If you love a good cocktail and tiki bars, then this is the place for you! I haven't had a bad drink here, and they err on the strong side. The bartenders are very adept at the sort-of complicated drinks on the menu. My favorite drink is the Missionary's Downfall with mint, pineapple, honey, lime, peach brandy, and run or vodka. If you don't specify, they go with rum (my preference), and it's all blended together. It sounds like a lot in a drink, but it's delicious! 
My husband and I go and sit at the bar or in the bar area. They always take good care of us.If I lived in NOLA I'd be a regular here. The drinks were amazing, the place fits the theme without being kitschy and the bartenders were all super friendly. It's nice to see that in some cities even good cocktail bars have happy hours, though we didn't partake of the special menu.
Beachbum Berry's was our third cocktail bar on our first day in the city. Justin ordered the Suffering Bastard (Dutch gin, French brandy, lime cordial, bitters, ginger beer; $13) and I went with the namesake Latitude 29 (aged demerara rum, passion fruit puree, Madagascar vanilla bean syrup, orange, pineapple, lemon; $11). It took me a while to decide -- the menu just looked too good -- but it was definitely a winner. Just the right fruitiness and ruminess; a typical and excellent Tiki drink. Justin's second cocktail was the Paniolo (Kentucky bourbon, Hawaiian macadamia nut liqueur, lime, cranberry, mole bitters; $10). Though both of his drinks were non-traditional (i.e., not rum), they still had a certain aura to them that brought you back to the islands. 
The bartenders here were probably the most friendly we met in New Orleans. They let us sample the macadamia nut liqueur on its own and it is definitely something I'd love to have in my home bar (along with macadamia nut milk, thank you Joe Van Gogh http://www.yelp.com/biz/joe-van-gogh-chapel-hill-2). We also had an entire conversation on why there was no spam on the menu. I'm a little biased that I think of Hawaii when I think of Tiki, but I suppose there are a lot of other areas that don't necessarily eat spam like we do in Hawaii. It's a shame, but if there's no market for it in New Orleans, there's no sense in having it on the menu. 
For our final drink we split a bowl: Lapu Lapu (gold rum, dark rum, 151 rum, falernum, lemon juice, pineapple juice, grapefruit juice, orange juice; $22). It was good but not as good as the Latitude 29. The sweetest part of it was running into Paul Gustings -- the famous cocktail bartender, currently at the Empire Bar -- while we were sipping. If you're at a cocktail bar where other cocktail bartenders go, you know you've picked well. It's like spotting NOLA beverage royalty!My last review was removed "because it did not provide enough detail about your customer experience."  
Here is my original review (seems like enough detail to me): 
everything that is wrong with the new New Orleans. Pretentious, unwelcoming and completely uptight. Food isn't great. And even if it was, couldn't get over the overbearing and unfriendly staff to enjoy it. Had high hopes for this place but it doesn't belong in New Orleans. 
And here is the ADDITIONAL detail that they need to hopefully keep my review up this time:
We visited Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 in early November. We had a group of folks and ate in the restaurant vs having just drinks at the bar. There was one other table in the restaurant besides us, it was empty. The restaurant is small and unremarkable. The staff was cold, from the moment we arrived, to taking our order, to servicing us our bill. Management, sad to say, was even worse. We were reprimanded no short of 5 times for normal restaurant behavior. 
Instead of enjoying our meals, we were worried the whole time about what the staff thought, as it felt like they were watching/hovering over us like  parent's at a middle school dance waiting to catch a pair of kids dancing too close. "Don't stand up to hug your friends who just arrived because it violates fire code" was literally something that was said to us. I had recommended the restaurant. A large number of folks in the party were from out of town and I was personally embarrassed that this was their first impression of New Orleans in terms of hospitality and food. 
I got the pulled pork (sandwich I believe). I ate about 6 bites of it. It was dry. Menu selection was kind of haphazard which made it hard for everyone in our party to find something they like. The general consensus was 'Meh' concerning the food from everyone in the group when polled afterwards (informally). The drinks were delicious. 
Despite having a completely separate side for the restaurant (from the bar portion of the restaurant) they do not let children in. We had one member of our party who arrived after we got seated and ordered who came with a 5 year old. They wouldn't let them in, and since we had already ordered, they had to go next door and eat alone. Again- embarassing!  To the restaurant's credit this policy is on their website, but that actually requires you to read their website thoroughly to know about it. Who does that in this day and age?
I stand by my previous, brief assessment. As much as I love tiki, Beachbum Berry's represents the worst of the "new" new orleans because of the uptightness, the hitler-esque rules, the general air of unfriendliness from the staff, and quite honestly, un 'fun'air about the whole place. It doesn't have the new orleans welcoming attitude, and it's glaringly obvious. This is a bar/restaurant that belongs on the west coast- not a place like new orleans.Loved everything about it...drinks were well made and strong, menu was short but everything we had was excellent. Service was friendly and attentive. Will definitely return.As a former mixologist, I have to say this is definitely one of the top tiki bars in the nation. The cocktails were perfect and respectful to the ingredients. Presentation of each cocktail was outstanding. I had to visit this bar twice on my trip so I could savor the wonderful tropical flavors and the high quality rum. A communal drink is a must!
The ambience was great and the service was great. If you are into tiki culture or history, check out the cabinet of rare tiki mugs and swizzle sticks that have been collected over the decades.Great relaxing atmosphere, beautiful service. Nancy is really welcoming and nice. Great food knowledge. Service up to par. Bartenders-special thanks to delicious and well composed drinks.This place has earned a spot on the map as a destination for lovers of tiki bars. The drinks are innovative, complex and perfectly balanced. The decor is an elevated take on traditional Polynesian/Tiki establishments, Jeff Beachbum Berry and his staff are totally committed to making sure Latitude 29 patrons have a top notch experience.Another great visit to Latitude 29 this past visit. After a long day of work, took a co-worker and his wife here for a drink. We needed a place that would be fun, but not crazy, and this being their first visit, they loved the tiki vibe, good service, and great drinks. 
This time around I ordered the Zombie, and IMHO, it was much better than the Latitude 29 drink I had on my last visit. The Zombie had barks of cinnamon crammed into it, which was awesome. My friend ordered the Aquadesiac for them to share, which was a festive drink with a li'l plastic mermaid hanging out on a mint leaf. (There was a ton of fresh mint in their drink). 
A bunch of people were hanging out, laughing, but the place is a nice retreat from Bourbon Street craziness. The menu looks great, but I never seem to be free (when I'm working a conference) to enjoy it- but noted for my return to Latitude 29!Love lattitude the skull and bones is strong and delightful. The bartenders are very talented and I always get good service when I go thereTried to get a drink here before a party and were told we could not stand at the bar to have a drink. They were willing to let us wait for a table but only "if we did not socialize."  
Yes, we could come into the tiki bar but only if we promised not to socialize. 
Pass...This is a smaller place and it's more of a restaurant type of location then a true bar. If you have a large group, this may not be the place for you but if you just want to escape the craziness of NOLA for a bit and have a relaxing drink and some food, it's perfect! The decor is super cute. The drinks are delicious! And the food is also great. We got their for happy hour and ordered a shrimp sandwich which was delicious. It was also one of our friends birthdays and our server brought the table birthday shots which was unexpected and very kind. We had a blast and would totally go again! You'll spend a little more money here but it's worth it. Just know it's a smaller space with table service instead of a true bar. We liked that, but it could be a surprise for some people.Brand new tiki bar by the tiki cocktail master Beachbum Berry.  If you've ever had a real tiki cocktail drink (other than a Mai Tai), chances are that recipe was from one of his cocktail guides. 
Tiki inspired bar bites and cuisine is also available.I have been to this place a few times and can't really complain about the food or drinks,  but I have never in my life had a hostess or anyone in a restaurant be so rude to me. I know it's a tourist area and we tried to go during a festival, but we are local and would come back if we had felt welcomed. There was only one table occupied so we assumed it would be no problem to get a table. We were asked how many in our party, we let her know it was 4 right now but more might come. We were rudely told that we had to tell them now how many were coming so we asked to just get a drink at the bar. Again, the hostess rudely stopped us and pointed to an area where we could wait in line for to go drinks. Again, there was no one at the bar. Treating us like this is so against the hospitality typically shown in this city and I am embarrassed to have tourists exposed to this level of poor service and indecent behavior. So sincerely hope this hostess can be reprimanded for her actions and isn't an owner. Regardless, I'll never be back.I visited here to take a short break from the touristy area of Decatur St. It's just a short walk away. 
Atmosphere: Decorated like a slightly fancy tiki bar. Tasteful decorations. They have a bar and restaurant area. Overall a small restaurant. Bathrooms are also very nice. 
Drinks: If you are into unique tropical (girly) drinks, this is your place. For beer drinkers, you may want to select another bar. There are 5 beers on the menu, all light colored.  Also, 2 of the 5 are Kona. I love Hawaii, but they just can't figure out how to make a good beer. 
Food: I was only snacking. I had the Rillette plate and the collard greens. The collared greens were excellent. They are cooked with pork and duck fat. Scrumptious! The Rillette... maybe the pork spread just wasn't for me. It tasted a bit like canned meat with a few spices. 
Service: Friendly but slow. I can appreciate a laid back atmosphere in the big easy, but the restaurant only had a few other patrons and my server seemed to be gone most of the time. 
More than likely I won't be back.Great Service, Great Food, Great Drinks. The Coconut Shrimp Banh Mi is a Vietnamese style poboy that is AMAZING!!! I love it too much to try anything else here! You'd think places like this would skimp on the liquor count but the drinks are surprisingly strong! And I always have very good service! Must try!If you're looking for the best Tiki Bar on the planet look no further. Besides the amazing drink which after trying a bunch the signature "latitude 29" is my fave, every detail is accounted for. The food is a outstanding including their catchup. Which.... Idk if they took unicorn's blood and mixed it with tears from Angels and tomato paste, but damn... Any ways this place is incredible, get in there!I can not su uuuy yuh up ug ynhnhbhnhnhnhnh hi hbh by  gest re any my any better at all Hyundai yu by a youWe dropped in here because we wanted a good cocktail, and another tiki bar with good reviews around the corner was closed. What a happy coincidence that we wandered in here instead!
First, the staff are DELIGHTFUL. We ended up going back the next day, and everyone remembered us and treated us like family. And no matter how busy, everyone took time to talk with us, help us pick drinks and munchies, and gave us advice about other places to go and things to try. I cannot emphasize enough how delightful everyone was, including other patrons who clearly were regulars. In this manner, we heard about several excellent cocktails that are off-menu, such as the incomparable Pain Killer. What's in it? No idea. But OMG. Its delicious.
Our other favorite drink was the Pearl Diver, which we were told people love or hate. If you hate butter, first, please question your priorities, and second, pass on this drink. If you are a NORMAL HUMAN BEING and love butter, this drink is amazing.
Go ahead and skip the multi-person drinks, because they cater to the lowest common denominator, and don't have the fun and flair of the other cocktails. We wanted to try ALL the drinks, and made a pretty good dent in the menu, but even with drinks to go, there are only so many you can drink in a day or two. This will definitely be a regular stop every time we are in NOLA from now on.Please make your way to this establishment.  I discovered this tiki bar my last day in NOLA and I was so mad at myself. LOL!!! The drinks are so good.  Strong like I like it. The bartenders are so friendly and attentive. I had the puka punch. So delicious.  My companion had the Zombie and Hell on Fire. If you like strong drinks that are smooth and flavorful run to Latitude.Fantastic atmosphere! It wasn't crazy busy when we went so we were able to enjoy the company we were with because it wasn't too loud. It's not a huge place either so even when they're busy, I don't think it would be too loud and crazy. The drinks are TO DIE FOR! All Hawaiian/Caribbean influenced and deliciously wonderful (lots of rum)! Highly recommend the communal drinks to share... So good! Our waitress was very good and gave us awesome drink recommendations (because everything looked good)! The food was also yummy. If you are looking for a tropical getaway from the swamp you're in, this is the place for you!!Absolutely loved this place ! The ambiance is very tropical but chill, such a great location. 
For dinner, I had the Loco Moco.. It was so amazing ! Words can not explain ! I might have fallen in love with this entree. Being from Florida, I'm disappointed I won't be able to eat it again. 
I had their signature drink "Latitude 29" and it was excellent as well. Their bathroom was spacious & CLEAN. Five stars all around, this place is great !!!Second night in New Orleans and this gem hit the spot. We were greeted right away and asked where we would like to sit. After choosing a booth and loving the decor of the place a lovely waitress greeted us. She was honest and knowledgeable of the food and cocktail menu. After helping us pick out our food she brought over our drinks. We had the latitude 29 cocktail and a Pina colada. for dinner we had the chicken dumplings, green beans, and the pork dumpling burger(we ordered another after how great the first was). Everything was absolutely amazing. Drinks were strong and refreshing, food was fresh proportions big and very tasty.  We would 100% come back next time we come to town !!Walked in here and the sign at the hostess station says "please wait to be seated" I assumed this was for the restaurant side and walked up to the nearly empty bar (2 people) and sat down, as I jest the bartender say under her breath, "thanks for following the rules, I'm gonna make them wait". 
It then took over 10 minutes for her to even acknowledge me in the practically EMPTY bar! 
Drinks are okSo very good.  Cocktails are legit. Waitress  remembered my order from 3 days ago.  Also. ... amazing cocktailsExtremely hot and humid. No air coming from the AC vents despite me checking 6 of the AC vents. Don't count on this place being a break from the NOLA heat. I'm a local by the way! Haha.This place is a FQ oasis & Tiki-wonderland! Amazing drinks (complex and delicious), friendly and knowledgeable bartenders, and wonderful atmosphere. I haven't had a chance to try the food yet, but I LOVED Shortall's BBQ at Twelve Mile, so I'm excited to see it in its new location!We came here on our last day in New Orleans for brunch and boooyy are we glad we did! We ordered a pitcher of their strawberry mimosas for the table. The pitcher was $32 and was a good size pitcher. We were a table of 4 and each had about 2-3 mimosas each. I ordered the banana fosters pancakes. I wish I could eat them again right now. SO GOOD! I love banana and it had bananas cooked into the pancake as well as freshly sliced on top. My friends ordered the chicken and waffles and the breakfast special and all enjoyed the food. Will be returning when back in town. But those pancake thoughDrinks are classic tiki bar and quite excellent. Atmosphere could've been better. Seems like they can't decide whether to be a tiki bar or a restaurant so they don't really do either very well as far as the atmosphere is concerned.This was an amazing hidden gem. Another bartender told us about this place so we had to check it out. The tiki drinks were made with fresh fruit juices and delicious. Everyone should try this spot.If you are looking for a chill, clean place to grab a cocktail try this place. They are a tiki bar so most things on the menu are some tropical drink spinoff. They do close early at 11pm, so make sure to start your night off here.Drinks were delicious and food was great. Service was severely lacking. Took twenty minutes to get service after being seated in a half full dining room. Once our server took our order she was relatively attentive however she  brought our check quickly after the food was dropped off at the table which seemed a bit rude.  I'd give this spot a second chance if the service improves.These are some of the finest rum cocktails in the world.  Beachbum Berry is a legend for a reason. 
The food is pretty good.  I had a thai dish, and I was pleasantly surprised.  Can't go wrong with this place, IMO. 
My recommendations: 
*Hawaiian Milk Punch
*Lattitude 29
*Pontchartrain Pearl DiverGreat tiki cocktails!  I love the ambience and the waiters are great. Loco moco was awesome!Food is perfect. make sure to try the dumpling burger or the collards. F#%_ING amazing. The drinks are tiki spot on, which should be expected from the godfather of the tiki resurgence movement ( he's the owner). So even with such high expectation from a tikiphile they have managed to exceed the hype and expectation. I actually feel lucky to eat and.drink here all week. It rivals the scared MA KAI in Ft Lauderdale. I know that statement is almost sacrelidgous by itself, but that's how good it is(minus gardens, water featues and stage show). Order an off menu item called a "allspice sour"  they tiki it up a few notches while.still being balanced. You deserve a place like this.The food and the drinks are everything! Definitely refreshing to have something different yet blastfully tasty here in NolaDrinks are very good.  Hostess's attitude and their "policies" are horrendous.  There is a "no standing" policy.  No joke.  You can't even stand at the bar if you want to.  Or next to a high top.  So the math doesn't work.  The drinks are not worth the service or the policies.  Tiki tolteca is around the corner, the drinks are just as good, and they are not a*holes.  Worst service experience I've ever had at any establishment in Nola, and I do actually live here.Cool hawaiian themed bar and eats. Went with three friends. Split the lapu-lapu drink. Pretty good, not too strong. The chicken wings were weird. They seemed like shredded chicken compressed and then deep fried on too a chicken wing. 
The ribs were very good. Also had dumplings which were just so-so. 
Went during Lundi gras and was sat down immediately. Attentive bartender and waitress. Will come back to try more drinks.***This review is only for the cocktails.***
In all honesty, I've never been a big fan of Tiki drinks.  I've usually found them to be too sweet, often cloying, for my liking.  However, after Esquire Magazine named Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 one of the Best Bars in America for 2015, I knew I had to, at least, give it a try.  Located in the Bienville House Hotel, Beachbum Berry's was unmistakably a Tiki bar in its appearance, but thankfully avoided overwhelming its customers with cliché Tiki décor.  Since it was around 3:30 PM on a Saturday, the place was pretty dead except for us and a few other patrons seated alongside us at the bar.
Looking over the interesting and varied drink list, unsurprisingly, the vast majority of the cocktails were rum-focused.  That said, I found a whiskey-based one, the Paniolo ($10), made with an unspecified Kentucky bourbon, macadamia nut liqueur, lime juice, housemade cranberry syrup, and a dash of molé bitters that caught my eye.  Yes, the drink fell on the sweet side of the spectrum, but it was restrained and nicely balanced with all of the other things going on in my glass.  I really liked my cocktail.
Beachbum Berry's didn't change my mind that Tiki drinks straddle the line of being too sweet for my personal taste.  However, the bar staff was obviously skilled in their craft and served up one the best Tiki drinks I've ever had.   I'd definitely come back for more the next time I'm in town, but only if I was in a Tiki state of mind.So aside from the strange rule about no children in the place after 5pm (it's a bar and restaurant), this has to be the coolest spot to have a drink in New Orleans. Okay, I understand that the bar s not centrally located in the French Quarter. Yes, I get that they are primarily a tiki and rum centric bar. Fine, I know they don;t do $5 jello shots off some drunk college girl's bare chested body. But if you want a quality crafted drink with way more alcohol than you realize...then Latitde 29 is the only must stop place to have a drink in New Orleans. 
Never mind that their Mai Tai is the best anywhere (not just NOLA) and their Zombie packs more punch than Bruce Lee, the fact is this bar simply brings Tiki in all its glory to an already amazing bar cultured city. 
And because it is a restaurant also, you can bring the family...just make sure it's before 5pm. Otherwise, grab a sitter and a designated driver. You'll need one after the Rum Barrel (a must order).First time in NOLA. My boyfriend's bar manager recommended we try Jeff's beachbum's new tiki restaurant. We tried looking up the place on Yelp and came up with nothing. But we managed to find the location/hotel. Little did we know...until we asked our server how long have they been opened and she said since 3pm today! We felt so honored being the "first ones" on the first day! We even had the pleasure of meeting the tiki genius himself, Jeff! He was super friendly and just a great and fun tiki kind of guy!
We had the Hawaii 504 and Pearl Divers which we loved so much we couldn't stop ordering them. The Hawaii 504 is a must try! You won't regret it! It is what a true tiki suppose to taste like!
For food, we got the Pang wings which were delicious, the pan fried dumplings (excellent), pineapple bread (fresh, soft with hint of pineapple flavor) and the tarot chips (first time I've ever had them not fried to complete crisps..these chips were more like fries..you can actually taste the tarot underneath the fried layer). I'm still thinking about the drinks and tarot chips today! Will definitely be back for more when I'm in NOLA again!Fantastic cocktails.  Literally the best tropical drinks I've ever had.  Found my new favorite place in NOLA.Great drinks, funky and fun decor. Like stepping into a tiki hut on a tropical beach rather than in the French Quarter. They offer large drinks for sharing with multiple straws. Drinks are presented creatively, good service. Didn't have the food, but definitely recommend popping in here for a drink or two!The menu had a lot of great options and the server was wonderful, checked in with us. We ordered one of the shareable cocktails and enjoyed it. We went in the afternoon on a weekday and it was all but empty, the inside decor was really nice and seemed like a really good date spot.Let me first start off by saying that we have come here, A LOT... spent HUNDREDS of dollars and have enjoyed every drink BUT  NEVER in my life, growing up in this city have I been so insulted as I was tonight. My husband and I go in for a drink. I order two drinks to go, and was directed to go to the other end of the bar because there were two seats. Mind you, I was already occupying one seat but was directed to go to another, well after I moved come to find out it already occupied by someone else! WTH, never in all the times we've been here have I experienced this! I feel like I am in the twighlight zone! I tell Dillon, the host that the bartender made me move to order drinks and his response was 'I have to help
other people'. I'm not sure who is running this place now but NOT cool. Perhaps new management? Will be calling tomorrowI hosted a meetup here. Luckily we had a small group of about 8 people, because this place only has 1 big top and can't move tables together. They do take reservations. The cocktails are really good. The green beans are awesome. The atmosphere is so fun with tiki inspired decor. The happy hour wasn't that impressive with only a few drinks to choose from. I'd come here again.I went for happy hour (3-6).  The happy hour drink selection was lacking and did not seem like a deal (10$), although the drink i ordered was good.  The bartenders were friendly and the service good.  
I ordered the grilled octopus and it was really salty.  
Overall, I probably wouldn't go back.First off, I know what a real mai tai is made of and what it tastes like. My first drink here was a mai tai, and believe me, with all the lime juice in it, threw the whole taste out of whack. It was just ok. I got another one of their drinks off the menu, a Latitude 29. Again nice taste, but so much citrus in it made it too sour. Then I got a Nui Nui, great taste, but again would have been better with the lime juice cut down. Then wife and I got a Lapu Lapu, a drink for two with the requisite long straws. Again wayy too much citrus and not much else. The food we got was very good, a flat iron steak cooked perfectly med rare with fries, all very tasty. Thing about it was after all those drinks I never got even a little buzz on. Indicates to me that they're trying to cover up the lack of booze with a lot of citrus. 
We get to Nola couple of times a year and I was really looking forward to this bar as we love all things "tiki". But we've marked this off our "go to " list.Owned by a true tiki cocktail historian, this recent comer to the French Quarter is now a must.  While I'm not an everyday rum drinker, there's plenty of diversity for the cocktail nerd.  I really enjoyed their take on the Navy Grog, which has a pleasant hint of rhum agricole and comes with a cone of ice graced by a mini Union Jack.  There are many theatrical presentations for these cocktails, so much so that you'll find it hard to resist posting them to Instagram.  While I was drinking there, a gentleman requested his cocktail served in a pineapple, and as it was rather slow, they humored him.  (But don't you all go doing that to the poor bartenders, now.)  After two drinks, we found ourselves in need of something to line our stomachs, and I was surprised that they had both a wonderful salad and some delicious vegetable dumplings (eggplant, I believe).  The bartenders were more than willing to educate us on the drinks menu, as the tiki revival is just starting to spread at home. The decor is fun, too.  Drinks are on the spendy side, but this is a great place to begin a celebratory evening.We had two incredibly tasty and fun evenings at the bar with Sam and Brad. Highly recommend the Cuban sandwich, so so delicious. We tried 8 of the drinks on the menu and loved all of them. The bar staff are very knowledgeable and the drinks were top notch c
in taste and appearance. On our second visit we had the pleasure of meeting 'The Bum' and he was super cool. It's clear that the down to earth vibe and attention to good friendly service starts with him and trickles down to the whole crew. We will certainly be back anytime we visit NOLA.Visiting New Orleans for the first time, I had to come here. I worked at a Tiki Bar in Soho once so I'm always curious about other spots. I had the Nui Nui and Paniolo. Both wonderful. That Paniolo was fantastic! I could have ten of them right now. Service was excellent. I am sad I didn't try the food while I was there. I have to return. It's super cute inside the dining area as well. Very happy choice we made stopping in.Such an awesome tiki bar located on the outskirts of the French Quarter, my friend and I were so enamored with the quality of the cocktails here that we came back after dinner for a second round.
My Zombie and classic Mai Tai were both fantastic and expertly crafted by our bartender, Andrew.  Neither were overly sweet and they both possessed an underlying dryness that lent to an excellent balance of flavors behind the potency of all the rums used.  My friend's Pontchartrain Pearl Diver turned out to be just as derricious despite some initial hesitation about the heaviness of the house-made honey-butter-spice mix - complex with a perfect amount of richness.
Suffice it to say, we had a seriously fun time here and the decor certainly brought back memories of all the tiki bars I've visited on the Hawaii islands.Honestly, foods ok, but the drinks and vibe make this a 5 star for sure. Matthew served a friend and myself to a wonderful cocktail experience. His energy was infectious, great asset to your team.We only had drinks, but they were great! My girlfriend's friend recommended this place and it did not disappoint.  I'm usually not a cocktail person, but have to say I was super excited by the Mai Tai and Kea Colada.  My girlfriend loved her drinks as well.  The bar tender was very friendly, and the ambience and decor leave you feeling you've just been to the Polynesian islands!The current bar staff need reminding they're in the hospitality industry. I've noticed this behavior at the bar before but have had it. On a Sunday I brought another local friend who hadn't been there to enjoy some cocktails. The bar was full but a party of 6 were leaving. After they left we approached the bar so we could have the spot. The bartender asked us if we could give him a minute to clean up after the previous guests, we said no problem at all and gave him space (didn't even sit down). Then he said: "No, if you could go stand over there by the hostess stand." I was stunned -- this guy was actually people-moving us, like cattle to be herded around. I wanted to leave then, but thinking of my guest said sure. After some time we were "summoned" back to the bar -- but they insisted on sliding us over immediately next to other people rather than where I wanted to sit, which was open and darker. Nope, these guys insist on managing the bar stools for you. They see their bar as a privilege rather a choice of where I do business.
That was problem one. 
Problem two, after we sat in our assigned seats we were given menus and after a minute he asked if we were ready to order. I said no we would need a few minutes (as the lovely menu takes time for new guests). After five minutes we made our choices, put the menus down and slid them forward. For 10 minutes we waited, and waited -- but the bartender wouldn't take our order. And then something strange -- he left the bar. I have no idea where he went, but he left the bar and we sat there like idiots for a few more minutes. Finally I apologized to my friend and said it seemed we were being punished here, and why don't we gone down to the other tiki bar down the block? My friend said "You noticed it, too! I thought it was just me." And we left. (We had a terrific time at Tiki Tolteca, btw, where staff seemed to be having fun rather than having a stick up their ass.)
So there you have three problems: 1) the way the bar stools are managed, as if they were tables, presumably for the silly fear of single stools. 2) the rudeness of people-moving us away from the bar area until the bartender was ready to "summon" us back to the bar. And 3) the rudeness (or incompetence) of the bartender who left us unattended to and then left the bar completely, without taking orders.
I'm a local, I have a popular guide I share with friends and family, I bring people by often, and I have to say I'm getting pretty turned off by the unusual behavior from Latitude 29's bar staff. I hope they think about hospitality and change their way of working, because it will cost in reputation. I've already shared my experience with other locals and we're going other places instead.
(and they have no email/contact page, which is lame)Really chilled out relaxing joint. Very downbeat and retro. Music. Latitude 29 cocktail is really passion fruity and yummy! I got the navy grog and that was strong, yet good. I highly recommend this place. As a cool chill place. Easy to converse and the staff is knowledgeable and friendlyWe had a great experience with Latitude 29. The service was extremely friendly and the drinks were all top notch.  Being Los Angeles residents, we get our fair share of quality tiki bars and this one stands up to the best.   The did have one signature mug available for sale which I appreciate.   The decor was done very tastefully and included many true vintage items mixed in with some new.  Next time we are in town, we'll be back for sure.Latitude 29... My first real tiki bar experience. If you're Tiki inclined and find yourself in the French Quarter do not pass up Latitude 29. The drinks are top notch and bartender Brad was friendly and definitely a pro. The surroundings are very tiki-esque but not cheesy in any way. Cheers to Beachbum Barry for putting together such a great experience.Miami had Lebron, Dwyane Wade, and Chris Bosh. OKC had Westbrook, Harden, and Kevin Durant. Latitude 29's big three would have been vetoed by David Stern. It just isn't fair to the competiion with Jeff "Beachbum" Berry, Steve Yamada, and Hadi Ktiri at the helm. Great drinks -- a must see on the new "Tiki Row" of the Quarter.The is one of my favorite cocktail bars in the French Quarter. It's a small Polynesian bar on the inside of the Bienville House Hotel (it does not belong to the Hotel). 
The cocktails are creative, pretty and delicious. I like the Latitudes drink and the KeyColada! There is a lot of love that goes in to this menu. They also offer a great burger too.Stopped in for lunch and was Way Surprised - but pleased at décor.  Service was very good and food excellent. I didn't try the drinks but referred a co-worker who said they were great and night atmosphere terrific.  Welcome new Business!Drinks were amazing and different then anywhere else I went in New Orleans. I had a rum barrel and Mississippi mermaid and both were great. Food was good and had vegan options for my friend which was hard to find in the cityAwesome place! Happy hour from 3-6 with some good food and drink specials. The regular menu is pretty fantastic for fun tropical drinks. I had a Bacon and Kimchi Bahn Mi to eat that was great and worked through a couple good cocktails including the Espresso Bongo. The inside of the place fits the theme well but you can accidentally walk by the entrance pretty easily. It is worth a stop to relax and have a drink away from the Bourbon Street madness!Swell little tiki bar on the waterfront. They serve some powerful concoctions at happy hour! This is a great place to park yourself after a long day of seeing the sights around NOLA. The staff and barkeep are super friendly too! Give it is go!Beachbum Berry's is a nice little tiki bar in the French Quarter.  We wandered in on a Friday night at 10:30 and were surprised to find out it was last call.  Our server offered to place a food order for us, but we were in a drinking mood and not eating.  We did look at the menu.  There was a nice selection of appetizers and other food items. Lots of pineapple, fish and other Asian inspired nibbles. 
The décor is classic tiki through and through. Check out the tiki wall.  It is a nice collection of tiki memorabilia.  
I got the Hawaii 504.  It was a very nice drink.  Not to sweet and the Chinese five spice gave it a spicy touch.  Unfortunately, I only had the one drink before the bar closed at 11.  
They do have a HH from 3-6 that we are interested in trying out and maybe getting some nosh.And now for an update on the new additions to the cocktail menu!
To be perfectly honest, lately I've been avoiding hard liquor and although I come here regularly and that gorgeous tiki drink menu tempts me, I stick to sparkling wine (I know. Killjoy). But when we came here for dinner the other night, our waiter told us about the new drinks on the menu, the Deadbeat Daiquiri (described as a not overly sweet Piña Colada) and a punch (forgot the name and the online menu hasn't been updated) that sounded like it had tons of booze in it, so I went for the Daiquiri.
This is the best daiquiri I've ever had *and*  (I'm gonna call it like it is) the best damn Piña Colada I have ever had. I absolutely "get" why they don't call it that because true Piña lovers are going to be cranky about the lack of tooth ache sweetness and phony baloney sugary drink mix. But this Daiquiri is divine! It has a rich, fresh coconutty flavor. It's blended, but not a super icy texture like most daiquiris are in this city. It just fucking delicious. And perfectly strong.
My guy had the punch and naturally I had to try it. I'm so not shying away from it next time! It's strong, yes, but the tropical flavors are so fresh and I love that passionfruit seems to dominate. It's also not sickeningly sweet.
On that note, the drinks here are crafted so that you're getting such good quality spirits and juices, that your days of suffering the dragon bowl hangover the next day are over. You get me here. 
I didn't know I could love Latitude 29 even more, but there you have it.Dear Bum,
What you've done here is simply amazing. I've been here now 5 times, being a chef and obsessed with tiki, I've come in quizzing and questioning everything about this joint. Everytime I've left more in love with your bar. I salute you and everything that you've done for the movement.
Also, Andrew has been a fantastic host everytime I've come, very knowledgeable and very humble. Great joint.We tried to have all of the drinks.... And we would have gotten away with it if it weren't for those pesky kids!! No, this isn't a typical Scooby Doo review, this is a tail of my favorite type of bar, a Tiki Bar, that gets it sooooo right. I was in town celebrating with friends, as people do in NoLa and we were all coniseurs of playful but seriously well done cocktails. I guess others also got the note because a film crew was documenting the location for a food travel channel. The owner of the bar, rocking his best Jurassic Park get up, was in the same fun spirit as the bar. 
A well curated menu of such fantastic sounding adventures as Navy Grog, Mr. Curtis, Zombie and Latitude 29, came, as they should, with flowers, tkik cups and wacky straws incased in ice. There were simple rum old fashioned drinks and hyper sweet drinks for those wanting a guaranteed hang over, but for the most part, drinks were perfectly balanced and way to easy to drink!! We got some nibbles to keep the pallet open and easily plowed through 3 drinks a piece before that enemy of all, time, knocked and called us to our next destination!! This is a must visit bar for those who want each drink to make them giggle!!Who would think of a Tiki bar in New Orleans? We love tiki bars and so had to give it a try. It was close to our hotel which was nice. It is located next to a hotel and the dining area look over the small pool area. There is a bar area and a dining area. We were there during Happy hour (3 - 6) so wanted to check out a couple of drinks from that menu. We started with an Ole Rusty and the Shrimp Rillette. Both were great. Hubby then tried the Latitude 29 drink and I ordered the Pontchartrain Pearl Diver. Again both were yummy. We shared a Loco Moco which was delicious. Our waitress was great. There was no one else in the dining area so she was able to chat with us a little about the things we were ordering. We will definitely be back. If you would like a little break from all the New Orleans style food stop at Latitude 29.We have returned to Latitude 29 on every trip to New Orleans since they opened their doors. We absolutely love this place. The staff are great - Sam & Andrew are fantastic bartenders, AJ is a sweetheart. Not to mention Beachbum & Mrs. Bum :), they are the best, so friendly and welcoming! Even though we live in NY, Latitude 29 has become our NOLA neighborhood bar.
My husband & I have tried pretty much everything on the menu & there is not 1 miss...
Some of my favorites  (drink wise) are the Royal Hawaiian  &the Outcast of the Islands. As for food, the steamed dumplings & the Hawaiin cuban sandwich are out of this world. I would absolutely recommend hitting Latitude 29 if you're in NOLA!Ribs were yummy and I don't like ribs. We shared several appetizers that were all good. Mai Tai was delicious. So glad a local took us in here - we will be back!I think this was the only non-dive bar I drank in while visiting. I came in while waiting for some friends to meet me, my phone very near death. I ordered some tiki drinks which were delicious, and Sam the bartender was kind enough to let me charge my phone the entire time. He also kept me company while I waited and didn't seem the least annoyed at my non-stop chatter. I really appreciated that! :)
The bar is beautiful, connected to a hotel upstairs. They have a great book by Beachbum Berry that talks about the history of tiki drinks, which is actually much more interesting than I had thought.I was doing a search on spots to check while visiting New Orleans. This is my time here and I came across Latitude 29. Walking in you immediately transported into a beautiful little tiki world. From the lightening, to the decor everything was perfect. Our visit in was short since we just wanted a drink, but after checking out their happy hour we felt the need to order an appetizer. We order the steak frites, which let me tell you were amazing. The steak was so soft it almost melts in your mouth. It came with a siracha sauce that just added such a great flavor to the steak. With it comes a side of fries and the server gave us a kimchi ketchup which makes you want to never have regular ketchup ever again. We ordered a lapu lapu for a drink. This thing is gigantic and delicious. If your a rum fan, You gotta try it. It comes in this beautiful bowl with an umbrella (of course) and you get your own little souvenir mermaid. Overall, very cute place, great service and drinks and food.My wife had a few drinks befor we went to burbon street. They did not have any domestic beers.I've eaten/snacked at the bar at least twice. And had dinner in the restaurant section twice AND had just cocktails. And I can definitely say I'm a fan.
The food is great which is what I expected from Chef Chris Shortall, formerly at the popup in 12 Mile. The cocktails are DELICOUS. But these are handcrafted beverages of love so expect to pay...and wait if the joint is busy. I'm a fan of the Missionary's Downfall, the Pina Colada, the Rum Old Fashioned (because of course) and the Pearl Diver...which is disturbingly buttery for a cold drink. 
The staff has mostly been extremely friendly and polite. The decor is fun and inviting. 
Definitely one of my new gotos in the FQOur third stop on our third day of our self-guided tour of NOLA's best cocktail bars, and what a stop it was! The bartender was friendly, the drinks out of this world, and the snacks very tasty. I had the Banshee, and it was gorgeous, fun, and so,so delicious! A nice little plate of lumpia helped soak all that alcohol. The decor here is fantastic--a veritable museum of tiki, which I guess is appropriate when the owner is the tiki version of Indiana Jones! This in itself makes this bar a must stop on any cocktail lover's tour of New Orleans, but even if you just happen to be walking by, you should still stop for a refreshing and gorgeous concoction.This is a really great bar near my work on St. Peters. The décor is cute but classy and not as kitschy as Tiki Tolteca, but has a nice casual vibe.
I started with the classic Hurricane which was lovely and is such a great drink when you get one not made from high fructose corn syrup mix like Pat O's. I then switched to a Rum Punch, which again was delicious. The bartenders here are top notch. Every drink was made to perfection. As always, I like to do a bartender's choice and just tell him an idea of what I enjoy. I always recommend doing this is you have a great bartender. You can't go wrong! I was presented with the Latitude 29 which is eight-year Demerara rum, passion fruit purée, house made Madagascar vanilla syrup, orange, pineapple and lemon. It was fabulous.
We also ordered fries with Kimchi Ketchup & Sriracha Mayo , a generous helping for $3 at happy hour and I go the macaroni salad, which was so good.
My only complaint is that their happy hour drink pricing is too high. As much as I really liked Latitude 29, I'm more likely to hot Tiki Tolteca for $5 HH hurricanes versus $8 HH hurricanes at Latitude 29.great drinks. great service. great vibe! Andrew took excellent care of us. The drink selection was creative and fun. Excellent rum selection.I don't know if this is their normal but it was hotter in the restaurant than it was outside. I had to put my napkin on the stool under me because I was so sweaty I was slipping around on the stool. It was like an inferno! My husband LOVED his coconut shrimp bonhomie sandwich and I did too but everything else so freaking sucked! The atmosphere was cheesy, it was so hot I couldn't stand it let alone breathe. My food was only so so but the kicker was that the drinks were so freaking expensive! I mean stripper club expensive. We paid more at this place than we paid at commanders palace. NOT COOL!Cocktails were fun and tasty, if I had just gotten drinks I would have given five stars. The lumpias were okay, for the entree my husband had the steak  con frit and I had the chicken katsu. Both were average at best, the macaroni salad was good but the chicken was basically an adaptation of chicken fingers, steak was a bit cold. Would def Coke back for drinksStrong, tasty, attractive drinks! My husband loved the happy hour food although there wasn't much to chose from.Stopped by with my dog, and tried to order food to go. They don't offer takeout. So weird.One of my favorite places to pop in for a drink or two or three (wooooo!) Andrew is a fab bartender! Efficient and friendly and so nice! Always a good time!Nifty find.  We had two drinks each and shared two appetizers.  Very good service and the drinks and small plates were very tasty.  Highly recommend.Amazing food. Tried shrimp and grits + Chicken Adobo. Their signature drink is Amazing! Ambiance is dark and vibey. The tables by the pool add to the chill ambiance. Great staff too!This place is a gem that has amazing drinks. The kea colada is a dessert. The most delicious dessert of a drinkMy husband and I stopped in for some drinks and an early dinner. I was pleasantly surprised that we did not have to wait for a table. The decor is kitschy Tiki at it's absolute best! Our waitress was very friendly and helpful in giving recommendations for drinks. We enjoyed everything we ordered, but our favorites were the Meat Plate appetizer and Coffin Trimmer cocktail.Fantastic tiki bar with top-notch cocktails crafted from classic recipes and new inventions from the excellent bar staff and Beachbum Berry himself. Tasty Polynesian fusion fare accompanies, with a solid Hawaiian mac salad and fall-off-the-bone pork ribs. The atmosphere completes the package with hand carved decor, creative lighting and a spacious bar.A Paean to the traditional Tiki Bar...the Mai Tais and Grog are exceptional. Beachbum is well known to TikiPhiles that he is sure not to disappoint the devotees or first timers.We had a great experience with Latitude 29. The service was extremely friendly and the drinks were all top notch.  Being Los Angeles residents, we get our fair share of quality tiki bars and this one stands up to the best.   They did have one signature mug available for sale which I appreciate.   The decor was done very tastefully and included many true vintage items mixed in with some new.  Next time we are in town, we'll be back for sure.The aquadesiac teased the f out of me w lemon. Hawaiian shirts outta this world, octopus sous veighe outta this world. Super colorful straws, nice bathroom. Loved the cutlery.I've been traveling to New Orleans a couple times a year for the last 15 years and I can honestly say, this awesome little spot is one of the very best. From the expertly crafted drinks to the unbelievably delicious entrees, Latitude 29 truly delivered. Oh and let me not forgot the amazing staff- each person we encountered took a moment to make sure all was well and their patience (with our many drink-related inquiries) was much appreciated!
We each had 4 drinks- I couldn't tell you which (though I'll attach pics), lol- but not a single one was a regret. They were ridiculously beautiful, I even felt bad drinking them!
Now for the food- I had my very first Cuban sandwich, which as a result will not be my last! Perfectly cooked pork atop a delicious roll- heaven. My friend had the pork ribs, which practically fell off the bone. She actually said they were the best she'd ever had! We both had fries and a side of their crispy green beans. Man, those green beans rocked, lol!
If in town, do not miss this spot. Go ahead and get your grub on!We went there every night while we were in New Orleans and we were never disappointed. The drinks were all great. My personal favorite was the latitude 29 and the Queen Annene. The food was also great I think I order pineapple bread every chance I could. Also the french fries come with Siracha Mayo and Kimchi Ketchup, it was hard to decide which sauce to use because they were both delicious. 
I believe they have 3 bartenders and we had a chance to meet them all, and the owner on our first visit. Everyone was extremely hospitable and we always had great service! I tried a total of 14 drinks, and was never disappointed. Actually everything on the happy hour menu (which are random drinks created by the bar tenders) was also great. 
This is a really relaxing bar if you really want to feel like you are on vacation.I'm making my way through Eater's list "14 Essential New Orleans Cocktail Bars" which brought me here for an afternoon drink with my girlfriend. 
This place is SO different from most other bars on the list and bars in New Orleans in general. It looked like a trendy bar you'd find in LA or NYC as opposed to Decatur Street. The bar is tiki themed in decor and drinks. But not tacky in any way, the space is beautiful and for a second you feel like you're in the Caribbean.
We sat at the bar and looked at the HUGE menu - including Happy Hour specials. We decided to order the Latitude 29 signature drink and the 504 drink as per other Yelp-er's suggestions. Loved them both! They serve the drinks in fun tiki glasses with umbrellas and garnishes. Both drinks were pretty large and delicious!!! 
The bartenders were very talkative to everyone at the bar and super sweet in guiding people through the menu, stories of working the bar, and adventures in travel. Some of the nicest bartenders I've seen in the Quarter. 
I was in and out for one drink on my quest to hit the bars on my list - but I'll definitely be going back here. It's so different, fun, and the drinks were GREAT. A cool place for any occasion.Best tropical drinks I've ever had. Wow. Even the virgin pina colada was amazing. My guess is they are using all fresh fruits and fresh coconut cream to make everything a cut above what I've ever had before. Large exotic drink menu with something for everyone. A must try spot for lovers of rum and rum drinks.Made the mistake of ordering food to go from here. Ordered the veggie green curry. It was an extremely bad choice for a takeout order. It came with a half slice of grilled cauliflower, a tiny cup of rice, and small amount of curry sauce for $17. It was extremely disappointing and surprising to come back to my hotel with that small of a portion size, especially at that price. Learned my lesson :(ATTITUDE 86 more like! Staying in the nearby hotel and I wanted Diet Coke WITH ICE A GLASs to take up to my room and my husband wanted a Mai Tai which he never got to order.  The bartender says, " are you staying in the hotel? You can get a Diet Coke in the vending machines." I said, " yes, but I want one in a glass with ice." He shoves a Coke in a glass bottle at me and the bill." He never asked my husband what he wanted and I never got a glass and HE NEVER OPENED THE COKE BOTTLE FOR ME! I walked away (age has mellowed me out) and talked to the manager at the hotel desk. (The hotel is not affiliated with this bar.) That sister set him straight! And she brought me a Diet Coke with a glass of ice. After reading all those amazing reviews on Yelp I can say this place is OFF COURSE.Outstanding, understated tiki bar in New Orleans' French Quarter.
This place destroys the tiki bar on the corner (Tiki Tolteca).
Nice ambiance and great tiki drinks (wasn't crazy about the Cuban sandwich I ordered but this review is for the drinks).
It's nice to visit a tiki bar in which the bartenders really know their craft.  
I think this place certainly belongs in the conversation with some of the best tiki bars in the country that I've visited (Three Dots and a Dash in Chicago, La Mariana in Honolulu, and Tiki Ti in Los Angeles).Amazing experience! We had been looking forward to coming here for years and Berry did not disappoint! As soon as we walked in the bum himself brought us a special shoot of rum for our anniversary. We each had 2 amazing drinks, they were as visually appealing as they were tasty. I could eat my weight in the vegan veggie dumplings, best I've ever had. We also had the vegan green curry, it had excellent flavor and was a perfect parring with the dumplings and drinks. The ambiance was perfect, dark and just the right music.  Sam, the bartender, was so friendly and kind, he made the night that much more special. A must if you're visiting NOLA for great food and unique drinks you won't find any place else!!Best Tiki Bar I've ever enjoyed! The food was great, I recommend the bahn mi shrimp PO' boy. The cocktails are not only tasty but come super ornamented. The bartender was super cool. As soon as you sit down, you immediately realize you are somewhere special. Thanks guys!We came here after an impromptu couples bar crawl. This was our final place and we were happy to find a tiki bar on our venture. The bar is decorated wall to wall in island and tiki theme. We were seated near the bar and took advantage of some of their happy hour offerings. We had a few drinks and I somehow ended up with the one with the monkey in my drink. They have a ton of little plastic umbrellas and fruit to go inside of your cocktails. My drink was a little sweet for my taste so next time i'll tone it down with the monkey juice. We shared the fried green beans and the french fries. The kimchi ketchup was amazing as was the garlic aoli. We all agreed that the service was great as we were making jokes and having a good time with everyone there. It was a little on the expensive side, but hey, they have monkeys to tend to.Excellent food and drinks but the service was lacking in some areas. First of all our hostess made a rude comment when I asked her about our table (we were waiting at the bar for a table even though there were tables open and we saw her seating people that came in after us). I told her more than twice that we would have a drink at the bar but preferred a table for dinner (others I was with heard me say this and she actually seemed to at the time) when I asked her about it she said she wasn't a mind reader! She seemed overwhelmed and just snapped at me. That did not give me a good first impression, needless to say. Our waiter was nice but we had to ask for a bottle of water that every other table had automatically. (We are big water drinkers) A manager (I assume that's who she was) thankfully was helping out and took care of us. 
Our drinks were amazing and the food great. I had a mahi mahi sandwich which was ok but the fries and fry sauce especially was very good. My husband had he duck which he liked very much. 
Overall it was a good experience. Not much they could do about the extremely loud group of cackling women next to us that made it very difficult to carry on a conversation so I won't hold that against them. ;)We loved this place, decor, friendly staff and drinks. They have a pretty cool tiki collection right at the entrance plus they make you feel welcome. This tiki bar serves food AND happy hour menu which includes drinks and food. You can't go wrong with this bar, from the staff, Matt is super Nice! To their menu and decor, they rock! We will visit this place againBartender Matt, kick butt brilliant and full of personality.  Food, were decent small plates.  Drinks are what we expected and then some!  Prices are moderate.Service was good. Drinks were great. Food was even better. Been in New Orleans for a week and it was nice to take a brake from the traditional NOLA dishes before going home. 
Fried chicken dumplings were delicious but I think I should have gotten them steamed. 
Cuban sandwich with fries was also really good. Just one of those places you have to try before leaving town. Wish I could have tried more.Favorite place to kick off a weekend in the quarter. Drinks are stout, so watch out. Food isn't as impressive. Also, the entry is now through the hotel next door.This place was magical. I came to New Orleans with my mom and sister this last weekend and we stopped by in the afternoon for a quick drink. Well, that didn't happen. We had three or four drinks and 3 appetizers and ended up making an evening of it. The decor (not trying too hard as someone said) was a nice change of pace in NO. The server was attentive and friendly and helpful with drink choices. And my sister found her new fave drink, the navy grog. Will definitely be back next time I'm in New Orleans.Found this place upon the recommendation of a friend. A true mixologist was in residence. Great variety of cocktails both traditional tiki drinks and some really unusual combinations with house made bitters, infused liquors and syrups. Great break from the (wonderful but) heavy handed French Quarter drinks. Highly recommend you stop by.Celebrated my birthday here and we had a blast. Brad helped us out and reserved some tables for us and honestly made the whole night memorable. The Aquadesiac was spot on what I was looking for in a birthday drink! Great food and of course the environment was top notch. Just a chill place that's a lot of fun. If you're looking for more of a laid back night but still something with personality, come here.Disclaimer: I went here solely for the drinks.
I didn't eat anything here. As a personal rule I try not to eat in the quarter much. Too touristy, over priced and just not good (in most places, not all). How did I end up here then you ask. Post Carribean vacation  I had a longing for another alcoholic beverage inside a pineapple. I was too lazy to do it myself so i typed "tiki bar" in the search bar. This place popped up along with one a few blocks down. The decor sold me. It is so over the top lol. I got the signature drink, Latitude 29, and it didn't disappoint. I don't think I will ever get used to a cocktail over $10 but can't knock it 'til you try it, right? It wasn't too sweet. I did also choose this one for that same reason after seeing lots of creme and syrups in the others. I was also worried about the amount of liquor in it but it did the trick.I wish I could rate this place on the food and cocktails, but we left before having anything, This rating is really about the service. We are locals,and were looking to celebrate a birthday. We were hoping to have fancy big drinks, and food. The tables were full, so we went over to the bar, which had plenty of room. We were told to go outside to wait for seats, that standing at the bar is not allowed. This is the strangest rule we had ever heard! We were totally fine standing. I guess they do not need money, business must be good. Too bad, looked like a nice place, and I live four blocks away. We walked to Kingfish, and they were thrilled to have our $500 bucks at the bar, and the drinks were awesome!Very fun place. Never thought to see a Tiki bar in NOLA. Drinks were very good and creative. Not too expensive. Food was tasty too.Stopped in for dinner with a co-worker and were seated on the dinning room side.  At the time there was only one other table with 2 people.  Service was extremely slow!  We had to ask someone to take our order.  When I asked questions about drinks the server seemed annoyed and was not very helpful.  We ordered one drink and an appetizer which took much longer than it should have considering the place was fairly empty and it took 2 people to clear a table.  Canceled the appetizer order, paid for the drink and left.  Not worth the time spent.The drinks here are truly worth the glowing reviews. The service, however, was horrendous. I know it's Mardi Gras season and they seemed apologetic for being understaffed, but my husband and I waited nearly 40 minutes for drinks while tables that arrived long after us were served. We ordered French fries at the same time as our drinks and said fries never arrived but were on the bill. We asked for the bill to be corrected, which it was, but left after a pretty disappointing experience. Great drinks but the overall experience left a bad taste in our mouths.WHAT A LITTLE GEM OF A SURPRISE!! I normally avoid the French Quarter and its slew of crazy partying folk, but Latitude 29 is a game changer. Such a fun, quaint atmosphere away from the craziness. A low key vibe + FANTASTIC cocktails.... try the Mai Tai, Zombie, Latitude 29 or the Kea Colada. Didn't get any of the food but it looks pretty darn great, too. Run, don't walk!!We came here every night. Actually was one of the deciding factors on coming to visit New Orleans. We aimed to try almost everything on the menu! The bartenders were fantastic-- great and very welcoming and friendly. In fact, everyone there is really friendly. Beachbum Berry and his wife were there a few times that we came and we were thrilled to chat with them. We had dinner there one night and the food was delicious as well. This place is our favorite in New Orleans.Fun little tiki bar in the middle of New Orleans. It seems a little out of place, but it works. 
When at a tiki bar one should order the 90 ounce cocktail that comes in cheeky themed bowl topped with tiny umbrellas. So I did just that and ordered the very fitting, Lapu Lapu. Nearly all of their drinks are made with rum as you would expect. The drink is ideal to share with 2 people, my husband got a little buzzed from it, but I didn't feel anything. Maybe (he for sure) just drank 75% of it. So word to the wise, pair up with an equal paced drinking partner or be the sober pirate. 
For dinner I ordered the Chinese chicken salad which was a very large salad that came with grilled chicken. I enjoyed it and it was very filling. My husband got the hawaiian cuban sandwich which had ham and pork belly, and all you could really taste was the ham because they put a huge thick piece on it so you really don't get a taste of the pork belly. The fries with the dipping sauces (embarrassingly enough) were my favorite things of the night. 
For dessert we had the Debbie does Doberge key lime doberge cake. It was so good, anyone with a love for lime would love this dessert.  
Overall, I would come back with a group because it definitely has a fun and chill vibe. Also, for the touristy area the prices aren't too bad.Hard not to be impressed with this place. In what has slowly become a "tiki-haven", this is another solid addition to the French quarter. The drinks are what can be dubbed "traditional" tiki with a plentiful addition of all the kitsch and style that goes with it. "Beachbum" the brains behind the recipes, can occasionally be seen around the bar and chatting up the customers. The Mai tai is something I go back to but it's well worth exploring other options- the drinks are all pretty great. Bartenders are knowledgeable and open to answering questions - they're generally pretty enthusiastic about what they do. The food is on par with the drinks and delicious! I can't recommend the ribs enough and the have some tasty Hawaiian dishes too. 
Thanks to places like these, I can start enjoying going into that quarter again.I've been traveling to New Orleans since 2002 for personal and work.  I have never - in 14 years - been treated so rudely by a restaurant.  We came in with a group of 15 people to have cocktails. We were told that we HAD to be seated in the dining room. 
All we wanted was to have a cocktail. We were told - we don't do standing service. When we said fine, we'll go to another bar we were told "sorry".
The server/host, who cared less to work with us, let us walk away from your establishment.I LOVE this place! The drinks are delicious, and so fun, and the food is phenomenal. I've been here a couple of times, both recently and when they first opened and it's been great every time whether I go just for drinks or go for a full meal. I'd definitely recommend it for a date night or a  nice dinner out. 
Drinks: I love the communal drinks, they're fun and delicious. I love the presentation put into all the drinks too. We had a lot of different tastes in the different groups I've come with and we all find something that suits us perfectly. My personal favorite is the Latitude 29. 
Food: I'm a vegetarian, so I love the veggie dumplings and the tofu banh mi, but I pretty much love whatever I order. For my meat eater friends, the meat dumplings and the loco moco and the cuban sandwich were big hits.
Service: Bar service is great, the bartender was super attentive and helpful with my indecisiveness. Waiters at the tables are really good/helpful, too. It's also super cool that I almost always see Beachbum Berry himself when I go in. It feels like I'm seeing a celebrity. 
What it is: Awesome, delicious, fun, great date spot, great for a birthday party, great place to eat and start your night before going out, or have one last drink to wind down the night. 
What it's not: A place to get trashed... the drinks are delicious, why would you waste it on that? Plus loud drunk people would totally mess with the chill tiki vibe.It's a Famous Place.  Your have to step in and have a drink.
Mai Tai Recommended.  Not for getting in and out real quick.  Take ur time and enjoy.
Food good too!Drinks are good but very pricey. Biggest concern is the attitude of the bartenders - sort of a "you should be so lucky to have a seat at our bar" approach. One bartender actually made us stand up and back away from our bar seats so it would be easier for him to clean up from prior patrons. Place was barely a 1/3 full on saturday night of a Mardi Gras weekend. Not surprising. Maybe a name change to Attitude 29 is in order.Fantastic service, food and cocktails. They went above and beyond accommodating to serve me around my shellfish allergy and altered a menu item specially for me. Everything was perfect! Get the taro fries!Had an amazing experience here. Took my girlfriend to try their popular cocktails and we were very impressed with Matt our bartender, who not only made us great cocktails but also had recommendations on things to do in the city. Kim (New Orleans mixologist of the year) was also very pleasant to talk to and made us laugh. Ask her about the night she won her award, you will laugh your socks off!!!This place is DOA ... for so many reasons.  Go to a real tiki bar around the corner that deserves to survive  Tiki ToltecaLatitude 29 is fabulous!! Every time we come to Nola we stop by here for happy hour and we never leave disappointed. Their food is great and their drinks and really very special. If you sit at the bar, the bartender gives you a fun history about all the drinks!This bar has some excellent food, outstanding drinks, and top-notch bartenders. I've become a regular here, and each time I come, I'm blown away by the staff. They're all amazing, from the host to the bartenders, and the owners are amazing people as well. If I could only visit one joint for the rest of my life, this would be it.Came here for my last night in New Orleans, and made the right choice by doing so. 
Delicious, well made drinks by our bartender Aaron. Tasty pork dumplings, fries, and crispy flavorful ribs kept us sober enough to enjoy the quaint but eclectic tiki atmosphere.
Would make this place a staple if I'm even back in the big easy.Great food and great service. We were seated right away and were able to move away from the door because we were cold when people came in and out. I got their burger. It was delicious and juicy. Cooked perfect. We also got the taro chips which were great to munch on while we had some drinks. I tried a Mai tai. Definitely recommended and will be back!My fiancé and I stayed in the Bienville Hotel a few weeks ago during our stay in Nola and we were delighted when we stumbled into Beachbum Berry's! The bartenders/wait staff/hosts were so nice. The bartenders are true artists when it comes to
drink making. This place is such a gem and it really made our stay in Nola memorable. We hope to go back soon and we will definitely be stopping intI went there for a girls night for dinner and drinks we ordered a whole bunch of different things to share including the hamburger. Which is why I only give this place 4 stars, the hamburger was not good, so whatever you do don't order it.Great cocktails but the service was horrible.  Rude bartender with ear gauges tried to be intimidating for no reason.  Will not be back.My husband and I have been to Latitude 29 every time we go to NOLA and haven't been disappointed yet. It remains one of our all time favorites. We can heartily recommend everything on the menu (between the 2 of us, we've pretty much worked our way through the menu by now).  Everyone at Latitude 29 are friendly and welcoming; from Jeff & Annene to Brad, Sam & Andrew, they are the best! Definitely hit Latitude 29 if you're going to NOLA.The happy hour drinks and small plates were great! We had the Call of The Jungle and Disco Diablo cocktails...fantastic! Super friendly staff and great atmosphere.One star for poor policy...actually for not allowing kids after 3pm as I stood at the door at 3:30pm looking at an empty dining area with four dudes milking their drinks at the bar. Actually the guy said no kids after 3pm...the places opens at 3pm on Sundays. I get the whole bar drinky drinky scene but other places still allow families till 8pm especially when there is a separated dining area. Oh well. Not coming here...ever.If you find yourself in NoLa and not really digging the Cajun cuisine, try out Beachbum! we were staying at Bienville house on our recent trip to NoLa and stopped here for a late lunch. The service and food is fantastic.. they had a great price on food for happy hour. I especially liked the Mahi mahi Bahn mi.
They had tons of interesting drinks on and off the menu and the 2-3 person drinks were something we don't see that often.
They had decent vegetarian options as well
Highly recommend!What a fun little place! Amazing food and flavors.  Exceptional and knowledgeable service from Stephen! Delicious and creative cocktails.  I can't wait to go back.  Met the owners and they are very friendly. I hope they have continued success in our city!  Thanks for a fantastic dining experience.Second time going. First time was during a business trip. I loved it so much I brought my boyfriend this time. We walked in without reservation. Our waitress Jessica was great. Attentive and fun which describes the decor as well. Tiki fun! The menu is always interesting with flavors from every. We ordered the Moco Loco and the chicken tonkatsu. We also ordered Lapu Lapu drink which came in a bowl (see picture). The Moco Loco is my favorite. A burger over coconut rice with and egg on top. Not too salty which a big thing for me. Tastes just melded together. The drink of course had us laughing.. I can't even tell you what's in it as the menu indicated it's a secret recipe!! Wonderful time definitely a go to place to chill.Don't even waste your time. There's a long wait to sit at the bar and they have so few menus, there are none to review while your wait. And they cancelled happy hour in observance of Tales of the Cocktail, but the hostess  was unaware of any specials for that event. Left and went somewhere much better (Cane and Table).The star rating is for the service / attitude only,... The cocktails are fine... But please be ready to play by the rules... And by the way... That is not a very beachy laid back atmosphere!!! 
There was a seat and plenty enough room for two at the end of the bar... We simply pulled up a stool and had our hand quickly slapped. It seems very much like the inmates run the prison here and the servers/hosts feel like they are doing you a favor rather than providing a paying customer a quality experience.This is a true Tiki-Bar in the style of the old Trader Vics. They have a full bar with a wide selection of rums from around the world. They also have a full kitchen, but we only went for drinks.
Their menu has the classic Tiki cocktails and a few non-traditional ones made with liquors other than rum. They even have one or two made with Gin. I only ordered one Tiki drink. For the life of me, I don't remember what it was. It may have been a Zombie. All I remember was it was good.
We also sat at the bar here. The bartender knew his stuff quite well. He designed some of the drinks himself. In the past, I have been a big rum drinker and switched to whiskeys and bourbons in the past couple of years. Since they had such a wide selection of rums, I asked for a recommendation of a sipping rum. I can't tell you what he gave me, but I do remember it was dark and aged 12 years. It was very smooth. One of the choices we discussed was a French rum. He schooled me on the differences between French and other rums. Apparently, the French have very strict regulations about what goes into their rums. For example, the sugar cane has to be pure. He gave me a sample of one and it had a very different taste than the Island rums I'm used to. It is not quite as sweet and is much smoother. I am not sure if I liked it as much as the Island rums, but it was good.
Another good choice of location. But, since it is a themed bar, and kind of kitschy, it is one you need to really want to try before you go there. The experience is different than a more traditional bar.I can't say enough amazing things about this place. More specifically the AM bartender on Saturday August 20th. I never got his name but he alone has made our trip amazing. He gave great service, made some killer drinks and has a knack for showing people around this beautiful city. Go here. If not for the tiki drinks the amazing company and the awesome advice!We went here for drinks and a little something to eat. The food was pretty good. We ordered the short ribs which were really good and the dumplings which were good. The cocktails were way better than what you would get at any other bar in the area. Very fresh tasting.As a Tiki cocktail aficionado, with all of The Bum's books on my bar shelf, I came to Latitude 29 as to a pilgrimage. And I was rewarded for my faith in many items, though a bit shocked and dismayed, too.
     First, the shock: To my mind, the Nui Nui, a.k.a. Princess Poo-Poo-ly, is the queen of Tiki cocktails. Thanks to the Bum, I can make it myself (when I have the time to prepare by hand the necessary Don's Spices), and I have had good versions at Smuggler's Cove and Forbidden Island (though I lean to preferring my own, which is a touch heavier on vanilla and allspice), and at the new Don's at Huntington Beach. Yet in The Masters' house, what I was brought was a drink, a not indecent drink, but...but...NOT a Nui Nui! Quelle horreur! Out of respect, I did not protest, but I was shocked, shocked.
     Now to the good: all the other drinks (for which we leaned particularly on the happy hour special menu) were shockingly good, as expected. Our table expressed a particular fondness for the Softer Side of Beastly and the Oaxaca Sour. A confirmed anti-umbrella drinker was challenged and soothed into tropical bliss by the Paniolo. The meat and sea platter, Bakwan Jagung, Happy Hour wings, and assorted pu-pu platter delectable were delicious. And the decor and general experience was of that standard to which I should hope Tiki bars aspire. It is a pilgrimage worth taking--and so I shall...though I admit to some trepidation in plans on ordering a Mai Tai. Will it be a beneficent fluid, redolent of the old trader's craft, or a changeling? Well, well, we shall see...for surely, as one of the happy hour named drinks proclaim, this is "The First of Many" visits.Drink menu is extensive and full of delicious tiki drinks. However, they do not have AC and over the summer it can get swelteringly hot. You go to a tiki bar for a tiki drink, not to sit in a rainforest. Maybe consider holding off visiting until the winter months.They have delicious craft cocktails and amazing food. It's in a great location so while you are footing around the quarters, stop, relax, and enjoy the food, drinks, and excellent service.Don't let the name fool you, these are serious cocktails. Don't think of a frozen drink place, think of it as a boutique cocktail bar. The drinks are expensive, but you only need one or two because they are very strong and use good liquor. The bartenders are super helpful and if you get a chance to meet the owner, he's a really nice guy. I will never go to New Orleans again without stopping by this place.Food and drinks were superb! Service was really good too, and the atmosphere is spot on. Kind of a cool spin on 50's style tiki bars. Really nostalgic..kind of 'Scarface' esque too. Window over-looking the Bienville House hotel pool. The only thing....when our food arrived there were a lot of fruit flies, so we really had to focus on the good food between swats. Maybe it's where we were sitting, but there is a lot of wood throughout the place, so just a heads up. Hopefully it was just a one time occasion, but food def worth it.That hostess was not hosting, a person who is the face of this restaurant....  Instead she made us feel like spending our money elsewhere.  All these restaurants "rules".  I mean RELAX!!! Eating out is supposed to be enjoyable and have an ambiance, she totally ruined my experience.  Living in NYC has taught me, the foodie that I am, that I have many options when it comes to dining.  I don't NEED to eat at your restaurant.  This host was not friendly or accommodating by any means.  
AND...why couldn't I go to the bar grab a drink?? Most restaurants allow you to go to the bar, there were open seats at the bar.  She told us if our party showed up they wouldn't be able to join us at the bar/bar tables?!? 
The only thing she offered, wait 20 minutes, which wasn't long, however, honestly she didn't care if we came back or not.  She said and I quote, "you don't have to come back".
So I won't be back ever, and I'll make sure to never mention your restaurant to anyone in NYC or the world (yep the world, I'm mad!! ;) In fact, people will just read my review and see for themselves. 
Ohhhhh AND the restaurant we decided to eat at which was much more accommodating, and delicious mentioned to us that the place is always empty and she'd heard of them being able rude to others. Hmmmmmmmmmmm and only open a year?! Good luck!!!!I really want to give a higher rating but I cant convince myself to.  I visited here with my husband a couple days ago while staying nearby.  The menu looked great and the cocktails amazing. But the service was very slow and it took almost an hour to get our food. By the time we got our order the food was not very hot. It tasted good but for price we paid it just didn't seem worth it. I was looking forward to eating here but it just didn't meet my expectations.Just had the pork dumplings and a Latitude 29. Both were very good. The drink was ice cold. A bit sweet for me to have more than one. We looked around and the people eating, the food looked good. Service was very fast and friendly. Decor was a bit boring.had the coconut shrimp sandwich and the missionary's downfall at their happy hour. pretty good!This is an absolutely fantastic addition to the French Quarter. The drinks are fun, clever and have the touch of an obvious master of his trade. The Bum's rum selection is fantastic yet not overbearing. The service is friendly, prompt and personal, both at the bar and at the tables. I went into Latitude 29 assuming this would be the case... But the food was the absolute stunner, since I had no idea what to expect. The chef has curated a menu that goes along perfectly with the cocktail menu, and you can't go wrong with anything you choose to order. The nicest touch, though, is the kind, humble and welcoming presence of both the master of Tiki and his wonderful wife. Guests will truly feel that they have entered into the home of this lovely couple -- And there is no greater feeling than this!Conveniently located on the main level of our hotel near Jackson Square so we popped in for pre-dinner cocktail. Once we walked in I noticed a peculiar odor and immediately decided to leave. 
We tried again the next day and found it more inviting. We enjoyed our cocktails which were nicely balanced Tiki-style.  The space is spacious but we were disappointed that there was no service outside by the pool which was very tropical feeling. 
I would not seek it out again next time I'm in New Orleans even if I stay at the same hotel.Some of the best tiki drinks, if not the best, that we've ever had!
My husband and I are tiki enthusiasts and Latitude 29 had exceptional service and drink (and food!) selections. 
We went during the day on a Friday, so it wasn't super crowded, thankfully. Definitely recommend!Absolutely wonderful tiki drinks. Unique and delicious and made with fresh ingredients. A wonderful alternative to syrupy Fr. Quarter drinks.
We enjoyed the Dr Wu with Szechwan pepper but still. fruity and Pearl of the Quarter. Both amazing. Their virgin Kea Colada was also very delicious.
Green curry had a beautiful presentation and comforting heartiness, fries were thin and crispy and the macaroni salad had a nice mustard mayo sauce.
Friendly service too.What a great tiki bar. The atmosphere is tropical and slightly divey. It almost felt as though I were at a bar on an island. The bartender was nice but brusque, quickly making our drinks and moving between all of the customers. The drinks were great, exactly what we'd expect at a tiki bar.First of all I would like to give a huge thank you to our waiter, Stephen. He took care of us both times we are here and he was the friendliest server we had. We came back a second time to eat because the food and drink were fantastic, but we came back on a day that he was working so he would be our waiter. Truly a nice guy!  Now, the food was phenomenal. We had the ribs, which were very tasty. They definitely had a Hawaiian flavor. If you are expecting a southern pork rib these are not like that, but they are delicious in their own way. The drinks are also incredible. We had a Lapu Lapu, which was just right for two people. It is not a sweet drink. We also tried the signature Lattitude 29 drink and the Zombie. If you like rum then you will enjoy these drinks. The atmosphere was neat as they played old Hawaiian style music. All in all this is a must for anyone visiting the French Quarter. There is a reason Lattitude 29 was recently recognized as one of the top 10 Tiki bars in the country.I can't even give this place a star. We attempted to come in with a party of 12 on a Saturday afternoon at 4pm and were told by the manager that "they do not accommodate parties our size". After asking the manger if she was serious, as the entire place was empty, she precedes to escort us out the door. 
Now, as a bar owner myself, I would NEVER turn away business. This woman has no idea how much money she just turned away. 
If I was the owner of this business and knew this happened I would be beyond pissed off. 
I will NEVER give this place another chance, and I am in New Orleans at least 5 times a year.Stopped in twice during Tales of the Cocktail week.  First time we were all but chased away for not waiting for a table in the designated area.  So, there was only one open seat at the bar...OK my partner could sit and I could stand behind?  Nope, against the rules to stand at the bar.  We were told something about "detracting from the bar experience."  Alright, it is a relatively small bar but not sure why using available standing room was/is a no-no.  Then while waiting, my partner strolled from the hostess stand into the bar to have a look at the place while we waited, only to be chased down by the hostess and told she was not allowed in the bar and must wait in the  space in front of the hostess.  Since we were told the bar seats were taken for the evening and would have to accept a table, we decided to leave.
We went back the next afternoon thinking we'd have a better chance at a bar seat a little earlier.  But with open seats at the bar we were again directed to a table although I asked specifically for the bar.  Hostess told us the seats were reserved so I asked to be re-seated at the bar when seats became available. For the second day in a row we were treated rudely for not knowing the rules for sitting at the bar.  Did I miss that in Berry's book?
Well we had a drink each at the table and they were delicious.  If the overall rating were separated into service and product, the drinks get 5 stars... but the service and 'bar experience' get a zero.  
After the first drink we finally got moved to the empty bar seats we walked by on the way to the table. The atmosphere in the bar was sterile except for an engaging couple sitting next to us.  The bar tenders were great drink makers but not much for conversation... not even to ask how the cocktails were.  I was just really surprised at how unwelcoming the atmosphere was.  I was expecting so much more and was greatly disappointed.  No one on the staff seemed to be having fun nor to even enjoy being there.  
I'll  probably go back, but we had a lot more fun at the place next door.Many visits have been had by myself and my husband to Latitude 29. This has the neighborhood bar feel with top-notch service and drinks. Every creation I've had from the bar has been absolutely fantastic. If I am in the mood for specialty "fancy" cocktails, this is the place I want to go. During peak times, the bar has been full, but I've never had an issue getting a seat at a table, or getting a drink to go.  
I love getting a Nui Nui and walking around Royal Street. We also like to go for after dinner drinks if we're eating nearby.Expensive! Don't order a soda if your thirsty. I received a little 8oz bottle of sprite with a glass of ice bigger than the bottle. Bread was ok.Tiki bars are all about escapism, whisking you away to another world while you float along on a rum-filled fantasy.  Tiki bars are no place for indie garage band music, but that is exactly what was playing, loud and grating throughout the bar.  I felt sorry for the guests I saw who had made the special trek out, donning their tiki-esque Polynesian costumes with orchids in their hair, their palor shifting to discomfort as the out-of-place music crashed on and on.  When our group finally asked the server if they could play some exotica or other more traditional tiki music for a while, their reply was that "they listen to music that does not drive them crazy"...and of course, made no change to the music.  Fair enough.  We certainly have no reason to venture there again either.  I did enjoy my solo visit a few months back, and the drinks are solid overall, but don't try to bring a large group of tiki newbies- they need to experience tiki in a place that gets it...if you are like me and picky about these details.The drinks here are phenomenal. The tiki decor is on point, and the bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable. Go here! Get some drinks. I haven't had the food yet but hear the ribs are delicious. I had a Missionary's Downfall and an Espresso Bongo. Both were great.Chinese chicken salad was to die for according to my wife. I had the ribs which were also fabulous.  Specialty drinks were very tasty as well.  Last but not least the waitress was accommodating and made great suggestions. Loved it!4 stars for:
-This restaurant addresses a niche not filled in New Orleans:  Pan-asian/Pacific food and craft cocktails.  
-This is a kitchen that cares. The chef came out and presented almost every dish and discussed the dishes with us in a way that was intimate and informative, rather than pretentious.  We could feel his care for the food.  Also, the originality of the menu, flawless technical execution, fresh ingredients, elegant plating, and comfort/fun factor of the dishes was impressive. 
-Strong cocktail game. That Mai Tai was bracing.
-Atmosphere is hip, comfortable, and inviting.  One star taken off of the rating because  the decor ranges a little on the side of kitchsy/ethnically exploitative and because the service, while friendly and competent, was somewhat distracted on the night we visited a couple of weeks ago.
-We ate the ribs, fries w/ sauces, dumplings, and  vegetable salad.  All were amazing.Jeff "Beachbum" Berry has created a gem of a Tiki bar with Latitude 29. He has delivered perfection on the old classics such as the Zombie and Mai Tai and has also shown his expertise using high quality rum and ingredients with his new creations.
I was there twice in late December-both times were consistently on the mark.
Unlike so many themed bars that have cheap ingredients and unskilled bartenders, Latitude 29 offers high quality across the entire menu.Excellent and unique hand crafted cocktails. Great ambiance. The service at the bar was top notch.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the French Quarter. Go for the moko loco and you won't be disappointed. The drinks are amazing too. Pretty much any one is beautiful and strong and delicious. I've been here several times and have never had a bad experience. Nothing New Orleansy about it,which may limit it's tourist trade despite the great location, but it is amazing nonetheless. Highly recommended.Jeff Berry has created an amazing Tiki Bar/Restaurant in the French Quarter and my reaction is BRAVO Sir!!!  Everything is top notch and in a city that is world renowned for its cuisine, Jeff and team are bringing some amazing culinary treats to an already inundated town of dining delights.  Lots of people think of Tiki drinks and turn up their noses as too sickly sweet and sticky.  I had a friend refer to them as "Throw up Juice".  Ick.  And no doubt there are WAY to many bartenders out there creating these abominations and serving them up as Mai Tais or Zombies.  If you want to the truly researched, and authentic Tiki drinks, THIS is one of the best places in the world to come.My husband and I were here on Sunday afternoon. We came for the awesome happy hour specials! We snacked on some fries and were blown away by the kimchi ketchup. I tried the Kea Colada which was awesome. I also had a Dark n Stormy, it was pretty good; too. My husband tried the Navy Grog which he thought was okay and the Hawaii 504 which he loved. Our server was great and offered suggestions. We had a great time!An Island of cool breeze in a sea of sweltering heat and fried food.  
While working near the French Quarter for a couple of months I was turned on to this oasis by a friend and connoisseur of fine food and drink.  And what a rare spot it turned out to be!  Every inch of this place is art, from it's custom carved Polynesian decor, it's gourmet menu (the food is astonishingly fresh and flavorful) to it's incredibly detailed, hand-crafted drinks and knowledgeable bartenders.  Beach Bum Berry has turned a love of forgotten Drinks and Tiki culture into a mecca of their celebration and artful presentation.
Inside it is cool, quiet and relaxed, rarely crowded, and always friendly.  Come more than once and your arrival will be celebrated.  Drinks here are an art.  Every one is utterly unique in flavor and their artful presentation would satisfy even those masters of that craft, the Japanese.  The 'Banshee' quickly became my favorite starter drink as it is sweet, frosty, and mild, exactly what you have always hoped a tropical drink would be, but I slowly worked my way through every drink on the menu in the time we spent there, and even the most bizarre-sounding concoctions turned out to be delightful in ways I could not have imagined. The Pontchartrain Pearl Diver being a good example.  The drinks may at first seem a little pricey, but when you see how much world class rums the bartenders bless each drink with, it quickly becomes apparent that after even 2 of these delicious bombs, even a short jaunt to the bathroom will be an impromptu test of your knees.
The same great things can be said about their menu.  Fresh and varied, there is something there for everyone.  Even my friend the vegetarian was very happy with his choice.  There is an incredible chicken salad with a Japanese name (which escapes me at the moment) that is the perfect antidote to the rich foods of the French Quarter.  Even their cheeseburger somehow manages to be lite and gourmet.  The kitchen does seem to close a little earlier than most, so get there early to avoid disappointment. 
I have run just out of adjectives.  If you are fortunate enough to find yourself in the area even for one day, find a way to make it here.  Enjoy!!Sorry Berry, thanks for the recipe books, but your bar is a joke. No Aloha at all, just siyonara Should be about fun, not about rules.  There's this missing thing called customer service - which doesn't include running them off, and taking them for granted -  Have walked out for the last time. Was excited to hear it was coming, have been in multiple times, now only excited to see what comes next after you close. Orleans Prison has fewer rules. Tonight we were seated at bar by hostess and then five mins later told to get up, the seats were reserved? Further insult being told couldn't sit at empty table in bar because just two of us, and it was a 4 top. So we walked out, past an  oblivious Berry holding court at a table. We're local, we're tiki aficionados, and we're still wishing for an authentic tiki bar, Styx and Boz Scaggs playing! Really? - how about some Arthur Lyman. Maybe Schuder will open one here, he sure got it right in Paris.Pretty excellent tiki drinks.  A friend of mine, who is a big tiki guy,  was raving about this place and even had some recipe books by the owner.  I have never really put much thought into tiki drinks myself.  While I like a cocktail, tiki drinks always reminded me of the bullshit that you find in slushie machines on Bourbon St.  So.... I was wrong.  I can't really tell you what was in the drinks that I had, after a while it all started to sound like "several types of rum with fruit juice."  The drinks did taste different from one another, and they weren't crazy sweet, which I appreciated.  As long as I kept asking if there was anything that tasted like licorice in each drink I ordered (and steering clear of that drink if it did) I found myself happy with each drink.  
Excellent Mai Tai, excellent Navy Grog (might be my new favorite), excellent other drinks that I don't remember the names of.  
I ordered the coconut shrimp bahn mi and the green beans.  Both were pretty good.  The green beans were sort of dried out and semi-crunchy, which was interesting and it was almost like a chip.  The bahn mi had pretty good bread and the shrimp wasn't overly breaded or sweet.  Decent flavor to the sandwich.They say NOLA is known for its food, and I'm sure this establishment is one of the many reasons why that is so. Until today I had never had Polynesian food, which is a sad, sad fact. Fortunately, tonight Latitude 29 WOWed me from start to finish. From service to ambiance to impeccable food, everything was on point. We split the dumpling appetizers which were nothing short of incredible. Stuffed with mushrooms and other deliciousness, paired with a sweet dipping sauce were so amazing that I forgot that they were vegan (pork and meat options also available). 
Steven was our waiter, and not only was he attentive, he was funny, friendly and added an already overall very enjoyable experience. The tiki cocktail drinks are STIFF, exotic, and flavorful.
For an entree, I indulged on the Green Curry Bowl. Surprisingly, it was completely guilt free and vegan (tons of vegan options, but not a vegan/ vegetarian restaurant). Charred Cauliflower dusted with sumac, chick peas, carrots, mushrooms,sweet potato'd rice... perfection.
Lastly, don't miss out on their addictive Sriracha mayo and fries, which are so ridiculously tasty!Matt and Sam were amazing.  Matt is one of the best servers I've ever had and I've been to a LOT of places.9 of us just had lunch here while in New Orleans for a bachelor party. Food and service was absolutely incredible. We got a good selection of food and everything was great. From what I personally ate, I can highly recommend the pineapple bread, chicken dumplings (fried or steamed). And then I had the filet burger as my entree. It was so good and the Siracha mayo was a fantastic touch. The ambience of the restaurant was also great. Good job.Such a fun place! My wife and I have been three times and more to come.
AUTHENTIC Tiki style drinks. 
Fantastic atmosphere and the apps are really good.
Staff is always fantastic and definitely take pride in creating their cocktails.
Bar is unique and a great place to relax.
Only reason it is not 5 stars is that it has been a little warm inside on two occasions.This place is AMAZING! We stopped in for cocktails and will be back on future trips to New Orleans. This place has the vibe of being on a beach vacation, the bartenders are talented and very nice. This experience stands out and with the volume of booze, bars and drinks this place stands out. We look forward to returning and cannot wait to try the food.Where to start - the atmosphere is amazing, 50's throwback tiki bar in the middle of the French Quarter. It's definitely a great place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Quarter. The drinks are devine, try the Trinidad Sunset. The food - try the Coconut Shrimp Banh Mi, it's out of this world. We also tried the Dumpling Burger, so unique but delicious. Super affordable during happy hour and the cocktails are crazy boozy! The next time we're in the area we will definitely be back!Great spot with authentic proper esthetics and drinks with their own mixes as well. Must see when in New Orleans.Returned to Latitude 29 this past New Year's week- drinks definitely didn't disappoint and were the highlight once again. Menu was a little small, not entirely bad but I wound up sticking with stuff I already tried (an appetizer and side as my meal).Highly recommend.  I am mad at myself for just finding this place my last night in new Orleans.  The drinks here are AWESOME, GOOD, DELICIOUS AND SIMPLY AMAZING.  Bartenders are friendly and recommend the drink that suits your taste. Very accommodating. I am definitely coming back when i visit again