We enjoyed breakfast here on a Saturday during a family weekend in New Orleans. Our usual breakfast spot was fully booked and I'd heard great things about Bearcat so we decided to give the CBD location a try and it was phenomenal in every way! 5 out of 5 on everything, coffee, service, food, and atmosphere. 
Our server was kind and knew the menu very well, she was also so patient and friendly with our kids which is always a plus. We enjoyed flat whites, the breakfast club, a spicy chicken biscuit w/ Cajun gravy, and the kid's short stack with fruit. Such yummy food! We were full and so satisfied. There is something for everyone on the menu with vegetarian, vegan, and meat options, plus a specials menu with incredible seasonal sides and special meals.
Two things I really appreciated were:  prices were right on all around with great portion sizes (you know how pretentious some places can get when the food is good and the prices are like 'whoa now,' not here); and the employees top down were genuinely welcoming, friendly, and seemed to love their job. To me, that automatically sets the tone and makes guests feel at home and want to return. 
My single regret is not sitting outside during our visit. The back patio is seriously cool and pretty. We will be back next time we visit from Baton Rouge for sure!Found Bearcat last week while walking through the neighborhood.  Went there for breakfast today. Very nice space with very large outdoor patio. Presently serving breakfast and lunch. Will start dinner service later in the month. Food and service was great. So happy to have this place around the cornerSuper cute breakfast/lunch spot. Looks small but there's a large outdoor patio seating area in the back. Staff was very professional. Excellent food. Most of our table ordered the "Hot Chicken". It was delicious. Large, generous serving size--you will be full. Would definitely come back!I went here with four people in the early afternoon. Every item we tried was amazing. Grits, chicken, biscuits, and everything else was cooked perfectly and packed with flavor.
It was a good decision, and this one worth visiting whenever we are in the city!Got here in between two breakfast rushes. Beautiful day to eat outside. Food was good. Tried the Churro Donut this would have been great had it been served hot out of the fryer vs cold.I got the keto burrito and I enjoyed it. It's egg whites, spinach, tomatoes with a keto wrap. I added bacon and avocado. It was a little small for $10. I will say that it was very soggy and drippy but pretty tasty. Overall I enjoyed it was it's very expensive for a small burrito though.Excellent service, really excellent! The buffalo sausage was memorable, but the rest was not quite so but decent. Will go back for another try.Wonderfully delicious!! I was so excited to try Bearcat CBD, i practically ran here from my hotel! 
We ordered the Cat Daddy and Steak and Egg breakfast burrito. Both were great! The Cat Daddy was a great portion size and the gravy was so tasty! The steak and egg burrito was possibly the best breakfast burrito we have ever had. It was smaller in size but the quality was outstanding. It is definitely enough to fill you, maybe get a side with it if you are feeling extra hungry. 
Also huge note to our waitress, she was so helpful, full of energy and joy - she made the experience even better! 
Stop by and eat here if you haven't already!The food was phenomenally delicious and the service was prompt and friendly. Thanks to our waiter Cody L.The brunch menu looks amazing however I went for dinner. I tried the pork belly which was pretty good. The chicken was a bit too spicy for me. Overall the atmosphere and seating was beautiful the food was ok. Not great but not bad. I would try again for brunch I think it may have been what I ordered.Don't sleep on bearcat dinner . They are known for awesome breakfast brunch / but their newish dinner service  is just as good if not better !Great food and service. Excellent safety measures and lots of outdoor seating. I eat out only rarely during the pandemic. This is a go-to because of all of the above.We had great service at Bearcat! We are vegan and asked about if the chai contained milk powder and the server told us she would check. It did end up having milk powder in it. We opted for a cortado with the house-made coconut milk. The house-made coconut milk is not to be missed!
We got the vegan pancake, vegan potatoes, and vegan rancheros. 
So good, we visited a second time while in NOLA. 
Anticipate a wait as it is a great spot for food and service.I LOVE BEARCAT! The atmosphere is amazing and earthy! I love sitting outside on the patio. The built in benches and the beautiful greenery. It's also dog friendly which I love.  The food is outstanding! It's a vegan/ vegetarian friendly restaurant with great choices! The vegan blueberry pancakes were the BOMB! They were fluffy, light, and flavorful. The fresh blueberries really make the difference. Omg the grits were amazing too, creamy, butter and thick. The perfect consistency. The scrambled eggs were creamy and fluffy as well. I cAnt rave enough about this place. The owner even walks around asking how's the service! Love love loveThe cauliflower katsu is so good it's unfair to all other food. Literally no other food will ever be as good as the cauliflower katsu here.The service was great. The appetizer bread was very average, but the butter with it tasted amazing. I got a fish appetizer and it was great. The veggies were a little salty, but went good with the fish.Absolutely delicious breakfast. Everything we ordered was a hit - chia pancakes, bacon, crispy potatoes, ribeye hash.... get there early as they don't take reservations!Food was awesome. Service was good. They seemed to be handling the covid restrictions very well. My only knock on the place is that it did take almost 20 minutes for my latte to come out, but I understand that going back to phase one has them running a light staff. Overall would definitely go back and highly recommend. And if you are into cold beverages the blackberry blue eyes is a must.I'm sitting here happily slurping my chia pudding. It's absolutely lovely and yummy. I must start working on learning how to make this pudding at home. It's so freaking good. This has granola and fruit and is just simply delish. I'm not sure there are enough superlatives in the world to describe how I feel about this chia pudding. 
I also got the bison sausage because I just simply wanted to try it. It's good but it's not on the level of the pudding at all. 
This is THE  breakfast place.Best brunch place. Love the outdoor seating! We went at 12 and they close at 2:00, walked in and was seated right away. I've been to the other location as well and had great experiences at both. Our server at this location was awesome! I had the cat daddy biscuit and I must say phenomenal! That Cajun sauce made everything that much more delicious. I also had a matcha latte that was absolutely perfect. I will definitely be back to try their other dishes.The vegan pancakes are bomb!!! The potatoes were delicious. Great customer service. It's a quaint little location. Not too far from major hotels.I was finally able to obtain a table at this popular and highly recommended NOLA brunch spot! When we arrived there was a line outside the door. Even with the new policy requiring a negative COVID test or vaccination, wait times have not improved. My friend and I waited ~45 minutes for an available table. Thankfully she lives close so we didn't have to wait in the unbearable Louisiana summer heat. I wish this place would seriously consider reservations or an advanced waitlist. I digress.
Inside the restaurant is a total aesthetic. Very light and airy feel. Super casual. Quarters are a bit tight and we were seated at a small table, but I'm glad we got any table at all. We were immediately given a bottle of water and glasses filled with the "good" ice. IYKYK. Our server showed up soon thereafter to ask what we'd like to drink besides water. I ordered an iced honey lavender latte with oat milk. It's not pictured because it wasn't much to look at. What it lacked in looks, it packed in flavor. I much preferred it to the pictured rosewater latte. You can get the lattes iced or hot. The temperature was a bit caliente today to be sipping on hot coffee, so I opted for the iced option. I ordered the Couyon Daddy brunch special. It took me to flavor town. The chicken was crunchy and well-seasoned. The creole crab dip was yummy and I'd take a side of that with some good chips or bread for dipping. I also had to have the short stack of pancakes because I heard that this place has the best pancakes in NOLA. That's a B I G statement. They didn't tell a single lie. Those pancakes were as the kids say, BUSSIN'! The service was also pretty good. My friend and I gave this place an 8/10. I'll return. When the temperature drops, I'd love to dine on the patio. It's a beautiful space from as far as I can see from the inside.Wonderful restaurant with ample Vegan options. Had both breakfast and lunch here and each was fresh and tasty.O.M.G. We would go here a million times again! Food was outstanding, unique, and fair priced. Our waiter was so helpful and hilarious as well. We recommend the Hot Daddy (Cat daddy with hot chicken). I will be dreaming about the cajun gravy tonight. They also have a donut of the day which was a churro donut for us. It was heaven. We went around 8:30 and beat the breakfast crowd. If you are in NOLA, this is a MUST!Visited this place a few times and OMGGGGG ITS DELICIOUS my family and I had brunch and we got the chicken BYU's it with the cream spinach on it THE BEST BISCUITS IVE EVER HAD FROM ANY RESTAURANT and the GRITS ARE DEAD WRONG GOOD the juices were great I would fly into New Orleans just to eat brunch here ANYDAYI came here yesterday morning around opening time. It was busy but not too crowded. I sat in their courtyard and ordered a cup of coffee, the blue crab scramble and a side of pancakes...what the hell, I'm on vacation. The food was delicious! The waiter wasn't the friendliest but he was attentive which counts for a lot. I'd recommend this place in a heartbeat and I'll be back.Very aesthetically pleasing, but that's pretty much it. Don't get me wrong, they fry food well and the eggs are cooked right, the food is decent, but there is no balance. There's fried meat/crab/oysters with fried potatoes topped with fried eggs. My arteries are clogged just looking at this photo. Everything was good, well except my Bloody Mary which wasn't very flavorful- beer selection minimal. Definite go once in your lifetime kind of place, I think I got enough cholesterol to last me the rest of my lifeOne of the "must try" places as told by the natives. It was about an hour wait for a table, which to me is a good sign. It's a smaller place with a lot of patio seating. The patio seating is nice for nice weather. If you're planning to get mimosas and sharing, I would get the bottle and OJ which comes out to $40. The food was pretty good. Beware of the extra charge for the smallest side of sauce, like pico de gallo or hot sauce. It's $2 each, which is ridiculous for the size that they give you. Other than that, the food was delicious. Orange juice, freshly squeezed was great!!The food and atmosphere were amazing! The quality and portion sizes are well worth the prices, which are a little high. The service was great as well! Everything was worth the 45 minute wait. Anddd don't let me get started on the music play list, it was Everything!!!Get the Fungus Amongous  It's amazing!! My favorite for sure! Amazing service. The manager is phenomenal!!The breakfast was delicious! Even the basic scrambled eggs had the tastiest flavor. There really is something to using quality food! Pancakes were perfectly fluffy. Rose water latte was yummy and super cute! The server was noticeably testy and uninterested but everybody has their days, I guess. Otherwise, the food is a 5-star bet for sure!This restaurant claims they're gluten free but they do not have gluten free bread. The menu said they had gluten free wraps but when I ordered, the waitress said they got rid of them because gluten free wraps don't taste good. We all know that gluten free wraps aren't the best but for people with celiac, they don't have the option to not use them.Wow! Some of the best food I've ever eaten in my life. Got the Cat Daddy and wow. Service was great. Asia did a great job waiting on our table and wow.What a gem!!!! We stopped for a final meal in NOLA after 8 days here and wish we had come here earlier. Fantastic menu and everything was amazing. I had scallops & grits with fried oysters and. Ridge the had the Cat Daddy which may have had the best piece of fried chicken I've ever eaten. The London Fog tea concoction was exceptional. This is a must when in the area next time.Wow. This place has it all. Excellent food, a great drink menu, stellar service, an accomodating menu for those with dietary restrictions, and more. I have been here and to the Uptown location several times and do not know why it took me so long to review it. I wish there was a distinction between five-star reviews and five-star-plus reviews because this place really is a step above most other good restaurants in the city.
I have tended to come here for breakfast and brunch, so those are the menus I am most familiar with. The milk oolong is extraordinary and a go-to whenever I come. Foodwise, I have tried things from both the vegan options and the seafood options but prefer to stick with the latter. You wouldn't expect it from a hip brunch place, but the shrimp and grits here are the best I've had since moving to the city five years ago. The standard menu is full of great options, but the specials are where the food really shines. The Crab Daddy and Crab Couyon are divine. The potatoes are another standout that are worth getting either as an appetizer or a side regardless of what your meal is.
The only critique I have of this place is the noise. I am so glad they are busy, but the CBD location is often way too loud. I had to repeat myself and ask others to repeat themselves several times at our visit yesterday. The Uptown location is much better, though there is less seating. 
I was almost hesitant to write a good review because another downside is that they do not take reservations and a wait is almost always to be expected, even on days with bad weather. While I don't like waiting, the fact that you have to is an indication of the quality, and it would be selfish to keep such good food to myself.Fabulous vegan options!  Everything was enjoyable, the atmosphere, the food and the service.  Thank you Jaime C.  
We were sad the line was too long to wait for a table on Saturday morning as we had a plane to catch.  We'll catch you the next time we are in NOLA!Great food! Awesome staff!! Real chill vibe! Came to Nola for a weekend getaway and stumbled on to this place! All staff were great very welcoming and knowledgeable of the menu! Must try the vegan queso!!Great food, good service & good vibes. The ambience was chill, loved everything about this place. Prepare to wait a while, like a lot while. But it was worth the wait. We came during brunch on a Sunday. Found this gem thru Yelp. I ordered the mushroom scramble with white & veggies with a side of paleo pancakes & the hubby ordered the chicken plate. The waiter was so cool he gave us their handmade tea. I also got the mocha latte with almond milk & hubby got the chai latte. Everything was so good, just the potatoes were too salty.First of all, I've never been to bearcat bc I was told they don't have a liquor license. BC what's brunch with no bloody Mary's? Let it be known that the Bearcat on CBD does serve alcohol. They're food was amazing. We had the cat daddy, buffalo cauliflower, Xiong mao noodles.   Surprisingly, the Xiong mao noodles were the best. I' ll definitely be returningThis restaurant is amazing! My friend and I came yesterday evening, and we both follow a plant-based diet (I allow myself a monthly dairy cheat if I want it). We ordered the vegan burger, the garlic noodles, the dry-fried green beans with tofu and garlic, and the crunchy potatoes. My friend didn't feel well to her stomach so I ended up eating smorgasbord by myself, and it was fantastic! 
The caramelized onions on the burger were so good (rest of the burger great was, too, but those onions)!  They came with crunchy/crispy potatoes (which we also ordered a side of), and, well, save for maybe two bites, I ended up happily eating them all (though sad that my friend was missing out). The green beans with tofu were fantastic. Every part of it I want to eat again. I also had a cocktail that was their take on a pina colada that was creative and very tasty.
Also, important to note that the restaurant has amazing outdoor seating, and the staff was very nice and helpful, including when we needed to leave early.Started my day off with two fried lobster tails and a sunny-side egg, so I won at life. No wait to be seated during peak breakfast hours and a diverse clientele. Plus I had my first lavender honey latte, which was delightful. Great service and quick turnaround on our orders.First time visiting a Bearcat, was not disappointed! I had the Hot Rob and will definitely have it again the next time I visit. It's a nice location with a great outdoor seating area in the back. We will be visiting again!Amazing! You must have the potatoes with breakfast -they are to die for. The potatoes are crispy with house made garlic oil and Cajun spice.With all the great food in New Orleans, I was looking for something delicious and creative. Man did I hit the jackpot at Bearcat! This was some of the most flavor filled food I have eaten here. Beautifully presented for breakfast or brunch, you won't be disappointed with their offerings for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters too!  It's a perfect spot for your entire group!  And they bottle their own teas!
Just an all around winner in New Orleans CBD. Not to be missed!I went to this bearcat place when the wait uptown was 45+ minutes. Great place! Parking is a little rough. I ordered the chai and pancakes and they were greatThe food is amazing, the staff is super friendly and efficient. The outdoor seating is very peaceful. Definitely recommend!I decided to pop in to this spot for breakfast on my last day in New Orleans. Side note: if you ever go to NO at Mardi Gras time - go for breakfast the morning after the parades, you'll have every place to yourself. 
Ok, Bearcat - to start, I chose the place mainly because it had the same name as my high school mascot. I didn't understand what a bearcat was then, and I don't really now except that it's a cross between a bear and a cat. But like... why? Anyways - you have to embrace these things sometimes, and the logo was cute. Similarly, the interior of the restaurant is near, clean, and super modern. 
For breakfast I got a coffee (one free refill only - not in love with that), and I got a small plate of goat balls as well as the brisket hash. Don't judge me - work was paying.
The goat balls were really interesting - boudin sausage balls plated with a central dollop of goat cheese and dressed with breakfast syrup. The flavor combination of the sausage, cheese, and syrup was so good - really enjoyed it and would recommend. 
On to the breakfast hash - this was an egg in the hole on top of a bed of brisket hash, accompanied by breakfast potatoes on their own bed of mornay cheese sauce. The standout on this dish was, surprisingly, the potatoes. It's so rare to see REALLY crispy potatoes, and this place had them. And the combination of the cheese sauce - YUM.
My cons - the texture of both the sausage balls and brisket hash were not super appealing. The exterior of the balls (sorry) was crispy but interior was really mushy. Same with the brisket, which in addition I found to be not that flavorful. Brisket should have been the star of that dish, and it was a letdown. 
And despite the place being pretty quiet, I had time to write this review while waiting for my check. So that took a minute. :)
All in all though, a good breakfast.So this is by far my newest favorite restaurant in the CBD. I've been three times in the past month and just can't seem to get enough of it. My favorite appetizer is the buffalo cauliflower. Flashed fried with a nice and tangy sauce to compliment it, you can't go wrong here. I think the salmon on the bad cat menu is probably my favorite entree I've tried so far but I still have so much to try. Everyone at the table had nothing but great things to say about the place. I'm grateful for this newest addition to the neighborhood! Way to go BearCat!I rarely write reviews but after what I have experienced in the last hour I had to.
I am visiting New Orleans for my birthday and anniversary with my girlfriend. This place happened to be a block right down from where our Airbnb was. We walked by and noticed an amazing smell.
The next day we decided to give it a try. My girlfriend got the Bearcat (standard eggs, bacon, potatoes)  The potatoes were incredible. I am a huge fan of five guys cajun fries and these were so similar. I absolutely loved them. Bacon was not too crispy but not too soft. Eggs looked like a spiral. It was all perfection. 
I ordered the Brisket Hash. This was the best breakfast I've had in a very long time. I usually am the type to just get eggs, bacon, and toast. I love smoked brisket and usually prefer it that way, but Bearcats roasted brisket was an absolute treat for my tastebuds. On top of the brisket was egg in a hole which is one of my favorite things to make at home. I don't know what kind of sauce they used with the brisket but it just worked incredibly together. 
They serve their own freshly squeezed orange juice... it was a little pricey (in my opinion) but at the same time it was worth it. 
Cortado was strong and delicious.
Mugs and plates were unique and makes Bearcat a special place. 
Atmosphere and Service was great! 
If I ever find myself in New Orleans again I will surely make my way back to BearcatTried this restaurant for breakfast when we were in New Orleans for the day. The breakfast, coffee and lemonades were delicious! Will be back next time we're driving through.Great food and atmosphere, we had the cat daddy and others . All great also the fresh squeezed juiceThis restaurant was brought to my attention by NOLA locals. We came for brunch during pre-covid so I'm not sure about there current policy. This spot is on the smaller side. The food is delicious and on the creative side. I recommend for a first time Nola stop or a casual regular.The food is always good! Service is always A-1, the wait is sometimes a bother but it's to be expected at a place like Beercat. I always recommend to Vegans as well as non vegans!Are you a good cat or a bad cat?! *meow*
I can confidently say that this is one of the best breakfast spot in New Orleans. It's the perfect combination of boujee, comfortable and scrumptious. You can stop reading reviews now, this is your brunch spot now! 
So many great things to say... let me keep it to the point:
* Solid coffee and tea -- latte and London fog are delightful. 
* Vegan, Vegetarian, Gluten-Free, Keto, and basic meat eaters -- all have amazing options
* Super nice outdoor seating patio in the back -- well-behaved dogs are allowed in the patio
* Bar -- grab a morning cocktail-- espresso martini is great
* Wait time is usually shorter than uptown location
* Service is always fantastic!
As a vegetarian, I usually go for Vegan Bearcat and Vegan Quesadilla. Even my non-vegan friends love the quesadilla. My non-vegan friends also love the Hot Chicken Sandwich.great customer service,  fast delivery of food, very clean, everything was fresh,  food was delicious,  big outdoor courtyard, this is soon to be my new favorite spot5 stars does not give this place enough credit! I have wrote about the ferret location but the CBD location is my go to for the beautiful outside seating. My visit this time was great and we had the seating outside to ourself. The juices/tea are fresh in house and the food just has a unique touch that has me always coming back. The hot rob is a really great choice I have been to bear cat a few times and always ordered the hot rob! Anything on the menu will not disappoint.I already was in love with Bearcat but ya girl went to the new CBD location yesterday. And y'all when I tell you a vibeee!! There was a small wait so I went a grabbed a shot at the bar, and the bartender got our experience off on the right foot. Our waitress was amazing. She recommended the Hot Rob with the lobster tail, and my friend is vegan so she had the perfect suggestion for him as well. The music was amazing, the service was everything, and the fooooooood was on Yes Lort!! I would highly recommend Bearcat to anyone anytime.Where do I start, this was hands down, the best experience I've  had in a while. They provided an amazing ambiance with the food to match. My significant other and I were thoroughly pleased. She ordered the cat daddy which was a fried chicken patty topped with two sunny side up eggs. I had the crab omelet with the crispy potatoes. We also had the blueberry pancakes with blueberry syrup. There were real blueberries baked in the pancakes. I am 6'5 317lbs man and I had to take a to go box so without saying the portion size were generous and let's not forget Michael. As the name suggests he was an angel. He explained the whole menu without us asking. He met and surpassed all of our expectations. My only regret is that I can't give this place more starts. Please visit and experience this for yourselves.I've been to Bearcat before but this was my first time going to the CBD location. It was what I expected from Bearcat to be honest. 
I started with a crab dip as my appetizer; the chips had really great flavor and were still warm. The dip itself was fantastic no complaints just loads of crab and cheese! 
The Couyon Daddy was my selection for the main entree. It was a open face biscuit (from scratch) with a chicken thigh or breast on top with that same crab dip; and a over easy egg! Couldn't ask for more lol every part of the dish was well executed and all of the flavors married together harmoniously. 
10/10 would recommend. 
Side note: the $5 beer and shot was a deal not many places offer that so it was much appreciated.Very popular place 
The size of my plate was very big.
Vegan options 
 Nice patio 
Good serviceIf you want to come to eat, I suggest you plan accordingly. The wait time is super long but it's worth it!!  They have a variety of choices for each plate. gluten free, vegan, vegetarian! It was delicious!I got the Bearcat breakfast to go  w/ an over easy egg that was cooked perfectly, and the paleo pancake that was absolutely delicious! I will defiantly be backThe service, atmosphere and food are all amazing. The staff is very knowledgeable about the menu items making it easy to make decisions as a vegan.Great brunch spot, but will be a wait on the weekends. the only downside of this place is that they do not take reservations and service is slow. Seemed like we  lost a half day going there. the pancakes are excellent as well as the mushroom omelet. The server convinced the one person of the 4 that didn't get potatoes with their meal to order them. Not one was touched as the portions with the meals were quite generous. 
Had a churro donut too which was good but very sweet. Yes, I know its a donut.AMAZING! The reviews are spot on. Please do yourself a favor and stop here for breakfast or brunch. There are options for everyone's eating preference. The food was delicious and the vibe outside with the music made me not want to leave. If you have the opportunity to sit outside you won't regret it. It was a bit cool while we were there but after feeling the vibes it didn't even matter. Service was great too. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Came here because another place we went had too long of a wait. It was the best decision we could have made. We will definitely be back!I was told the wait would be an hour and it took 1.5 hours to get a table. When we were finally seated we ordered immediately and the food took 45 minutes to come. I have never in my life waited that long to get food, and with no apology from the waitress. She didn't give us much attention and did not come to check in on us at all. Do not come here if you have any other plans during the day! The lemonade was good and the food was pretty good but not a place to go if you've got other stuff going on during the dayOMG! That was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Everything, literally everything was top notch! Vegan Chai pancakes with candied pecans and pumpkin spice cream cheese. Home made biscuits with crawfish ettouffee gravy, and Nashville style hot chicken. Our server Cody was fantastic!Best breakfast in NOLA. Great menu and service, very friendly staff. I don't think they take reservations so get there early or be prepared to wait.We usually frequent Willa Jean or Bittersweet for breakfast but our friend David at AG kept telling us how good Bearcat was and so we decided to try it out.  We are so glad we did!  From the very start we were amazed with the large portions and high quality.  The coffee is stout and we LOVED IT!  Everything we tried in fact we loved.  We actually ordered twice as much as we could eat (and took a lot to go) but loved every bite.  The crawfish biscuit and gravy and the pancakes were the best we've had in Nola.  We will be back soon and this place will be in our Nola top 5 for brunch!I mean... by now the entire New Orleans knows or at least heard of this place right? Before they opened the new location in CBD, I heard so much about their original location and always wanted to give it a try. I am not a vegan or vegetarian but always have been open to the idea. Unfortunately my daily commute mode choice is walking so when I heard that bearcat was opening a new restaurant in my neighborhood, I was seriously so pumped. 
We made our visit on the weekend at around 2:30pm and we were surprised that the restaurant was still busy even though it was slightly late for lunch hour. We still got seated right away and was taken  care of. I really liked that their menu was split into Veg friendly (namely Good cat) and non Veg menu (Bad cat). We ordered cauliflower wings, tofu ranchero and salmon  plate. Cannot complain about any of them as they were all excellent. Service was slightly slow but not bad at all. I Look forward to coming back and try other dishes on the menu. Welcome to the neighborhood!!! 
They have a  HUGE patio so I can't wait for a good weather day  to go sit outside!We ordered out, and everything was hot, delicious, and in good portions. They were able to accommodate my food intolerances with no problem, and even made me an excellent dairy-free gluten-free dessert! This is one of the best restaurants I have eaten from in a long time!Had such a nice brunch here with my mom a few weeks ago. There was a about an hour wait, but we were able to walk around the neighborhood until our table was ready. The hostess was really nice and apologetic about the wait. When we sat down, we were immediately served and given a wide array of drink options, my mom even trying the lavender latte, which was great. Unfortunately we were dining in the early afternoon so the pastry of that day had run out, but that is to be expected at such a popular place. I ended up getting the Bearcat breakfast with bison sausage, over medium eggs, and potatoes, all of which were great. My mom had one of the breakfast sandwiches and tried cauliflower grits which were also unique and delicious. Would highly recommend, very worth the wait. Can't wait to go back and try more!Be prepared to wait. A party of 4 was 1hour. Waiting is fine outside the restaurant. Most people just crowd around on the side walk in front the building. Once called there is indoor and out door seating. Outdoor seating is much larger than indoors. The menu is a wide range from vegan to bacon and everything in between. 
The food was delicious and fresh. The eggs are cracked eggs instead of liquid eggs. Their kids menu was very kid friendly as my 2yr old was able to feed herself and the side of fruit was a plus! Will definitely be backOne word STUFFED! I tried and tried but I just couldn't finish. I found Bearcat from a local Instagram she tends to go every week but to the uptown location. Since I got off early I wanted to get it a try and experience a "Sunday Brunch" without all the crowd so I headed to the CBD where they have a full bar and man was it a great choice. 
Now I was lead astray by other helpers saying there was parking  totally not true unless your paying to park in the garages a food the street or the pay to park down the street keep that in mind when you come. Now I love the vibe I mean love. placed with window grab my heart perfect for Selfies with the natural light. It was a Friday morning so they weren't too busy for me I always say that there is an outside area perfect when the weather is a tad bit warmer or if you don't mind a little chill. Whether your alone or in a group they have you covered(take reservations first party's of 7 or more) sitting at the bar or nice 1-2 person seating. The vibe is great tons of people around but still quiet enough if you're doing work you can concentrate. 
Let's get into the good stuff the FOOD! Now I came to have brunch and get that whole experience and I did just that starting with a mimosa the bartender was great the orange juice to champagne was the perfect ratio. As I scrolled and scrolled the menu I saw so much that I wanted that I have to come back. The special caught my eye and since their only here for a short time I'll be back soon! I got the traditional Bearcat Breakfast (eggs, potatoes, sausage in pancakes) now when you first look it's like oh yeah I can finish this but I was surely  WRONG! It was way more food than I expected and all better with each bite potatoes seasoned and fried crispy sausage was nice and savory and the perfectly sweet syrup gave me everything I needed. Since it was the middle of the day it was no need to get boozed I decided to skip my second drink and get and apple juice. Apples to oranges they say well I've had Apple Juice and I'll say this isn't your store-bought wayyyyy better fresh and savory it's truly the best apple juice every if I could buy it by the jug I would. 
Safe to say I had a great time I'll be back for that lobster crab soon.Excellent service. Delicious. Quality. Great range of cuisine from vegan to non-vegetarian. Great selection of coffees, teas, house made juices. Beautiful space with the option for outdoor, covered dining; perfect for the pandemic. Definitely worth the wait for brunch. Will be back. Highly recommended.Yum!  Not in the heart of the French quarter but still walking distance from our hotel - and well worth the trip. The food was so delish!  We walked in and got a table immediately. Our server, Jill, was attentive and super nice.
Out of all the breakfast/brunch places that we went to, this was by far our favorite. We came to Nola to eat and went to a bunch of the more well know places but Bearcat was still our favorite. It was so good that I ended up taking a 3 hour nap afterwards because I ate so much! 
Make this your #1 brunch place if you visit Nola. I promise it's worth it.Amazing brunch spot in the CBD! The menu and food are the same as their uptown location and just as incredible!  However, this location is much bigger and can accommodate the high demand that bearcat consistently has. I have never gone to the uptown location without waiting at least 30 minutes. When we went here we were sat right away which was so exciting! The outdoor area is beautiful. Another big plus of this location is they have a full bar in addition to their normal bottled drinks. 
I definitely recommend going to this location over the uptown one but both locations have the best breakfast food you'll have in NOLA!!Overheard from a local barista that the Hot Daddy was the best breakfast he has ever had in NOLA.  We ordered 2 and polished them clean.  Deeeeeelish!! Savory, filling, salted just right, and downright flavorful.  From Cali to NOLA, thank you BearCat for doing it right!I absolutely love Bearcat Uptown, it's my favorite brunch place in Nola thus far, but we ventured out to the CBD location for the first time. The hostess had the absolute worst attitude I've ever encountered and it felt as though she was targeting us especially. Only a partial part of our party was ready and we couldn't be seated until the whole party was present, which we understood but the hostess snapped at my mother to wait outside before she could tell them we were parking. When we finally all arrived, we were greeted with a cold glare and hostility. She proceeded to not walk us to our table but rather point to our table as if we were dogs and she was our owner telling us to fetch. 
My little sister, stubborn as she is, only eats McDonald's happy meals and will go the entire day without eating if she doesn't have it. So we didn't think it would be a problem as 5/6 of the party would be ordering from the restaurant. The hostess made it a point to go to our table across the restaurant from the hostess stand to say outside food was not allowed. We asked our waitress, who was amazing, and she said it was fine. But at that point our little sister had to hurry up and finish her happy meal in the car outside. Since then, the hostess continued to eye us down and watch our every move which was extremely rude. 
Overall, we love Bearcat and will continue to go, but probably not at this location. If anyone runs into the hostess with a top bun and hoop earrings, just be ready for an unwelcoming visit.Went for brunch on a Saturday. Arrived around 10:30am and had a little over an hour wait. Once at our table, the waiter was very attentive and took his time explaining the menu. We ordered the shrimp and grits along with a stack of blueberry pancakes. The food, atmosphere, and service was great!The bottled juices and teas were good; we had three to split. I usually get the blueberry pancakes and they're pretty good. Today I had the HOT ROB it was delicious! Don't ever go without ordering their potatoes they're amazing. The restaurant also has a lot of space for social distancing.I can't even describe how good the food is. I knew it probably would be  when I seen people waiting out front to get in lol. We were on a girls trip to New Orleans when I heard about this place. We had four people in out party two vegan and two who are not. This place has something delicious for everyone. The coffeee was great as well. No complaints. So good we went back the next morning lol.I can't believe I haven't left a review for this location yet considering I frequent both locations fairly often. Since the one in the CBD opened, we have been going here more than the uptown one due to the larger size and cute outdoor patio.
Inside, it's very aesthetically pleasing and I love the ambiance. The food, drinks and service are consistently great. My go-to is usually the Bearcat Breakfast. I love their pancakes and crispy breakfast potatoes! I also really like that there's healthy as well as not so healthy menu items depending on your mood. If you want to avoid an hour long wait or more, do yourself a favor and get there before noon - the earlier, the better to beat the crowd.Food was decent- but not:
Wait time: 20 minutes-
turns into an hour and 20 minutes good. 
Too many other options to ever wiat that long in this great culinary city.
If it's packed swing back on a day it isn't- 
Service was below par also.
Meh..Great food
Amazing service!!!
Friendly staff 
I highly recommend coming here when you come to New Orleans.Amazing food and people!! I have been to the Uptown location many times and have been dying to try the dinner and drinks at the CBD location. 
I started with the Gina Colada, which was very refreshing. I ordered the Grilled Caesar and Bison Burger, while my friend ordered the Dry Aged Brass Town Ribeye and a side of Chanterelles. The melted parmesan cheese on top of the Caesar was my favorite part of the whole dish. The burger was juicy and flavorful, and the potatoes are crispy and delicious. I really liked that they also offered specials depending on what's in season, so there's usually something new to try!
The service was extremely friendly and made our experience one of the best. The bar manager, Christian, was so welcoming and we had a great time with him as our server. 
I can't wait to come back to try more of the menu, and for the upcoming opening of their full-service bar above the restaurant!We were looking for a breakfast place near the Higgins hotel. Bearcat is a place that my son has visited prior but at a different location. They have a great menu with healthy selections as well as "bad" cat selections most of which have some kind of pork or bacon. We did have to wait a while to get in but service was good and the food was great, however the orange juice tasted like there was some other fruit in it but maybe it was satsuma instead. Since we had a roust night before none of us ordered drinks and I didn't notice if there are any on the menu. Overall, we really Epirus meal.WOW. Amazing. I ordered the bearcat breakfast. 10/10. Seasoned to perfection. Everything! I unfortunately forgot to take a picture because I attacked it too quickly. SO DELICIOUS. I also got the hot chicken biscuit (pictured) togo. I tasted a little piece, again, DELICIOUS. I will be coming back. I am sooooo satisfied. The customer service was amazing. They gave us free mimosa because we had a slight wait. I tasted some of my friend's pancakes... OMG. This place is simply amazing and that's not doing it Justice.Had brunch here for the first time with a friend and they were pretty ok. The wait gets pretty long so you might want to try to get there before 1. It was an hour wait for 2 people when we went at 1. I don't know about you guys but when I go for brunch a bottomless mimosas is a must. DONT GET YOUR HOPES UP because THEY DONT HAVE IT. They have individual mimosas for $7 each. But besides that it took us about 30 minutes to get our food. I ordered the crab dip which was very very good and the breakfast burrito which was not so good. It was made with (what I think) was the powdered eggs / premade egg mix because it didn't have any seasoning to it whatsoever. And the tomatoes that it said came with it were at the very bottom of each end. If it's one thing I can't stand, it's a burrito with unevenly distributed toppings!Excellent. The coffee was very good and the mugs are super cool local art which is cool! (And you can purchase the mugs but they are pricey at $60.) back to the important part, the food. I had the hot chicken biscuit and the chicken was a little small but it was very good. You have to eat it with a fork but it was excellent. My sons had the cat daddy biscuit and it was very good. My daughter had the regular chicken biscuit and my other daughter has the grits and we had two orders of pancakes. The grits were the bomb! The pancakes were also a hit and the chicken biscuits were too! Everyone liked the Cajun gravy that had crawfish in it. Overall it was a great breakfast! We will be back soon! Atmosphere was also great! Indoor and outdoor seating.The Bearcat cafe is a very nice place plentY of seating in doors and out. Upon entering the host was very pleasant. I got the biscuit with Bison to go. For To go orders you order from the bar. The bartender was very nice he even set water down for me which was perfect since I was walking. The biscuit was very good and the Bison had a lot of flavor. The cheese was really overpowering I had to take most off , it was only American cheese.Tienen que probar este lugar! Es súper nuevo, en el distrito central de Nueva Orleans. Esta muy rica toda la comida. El café me encantó. Y el patio de atrás estás bello. Lo negativo sería el estacionamiento, pero con paciencia se puede encontrar. @la_tenedorIf you're looking for fresh food & I'm talking garden to table fresh, this is the place for you!! You know the style of restaurant where the food doesn't taste processed and you know for sure the food wasn't frozen or out of a can? This is that!! & they're my favorite type of restaurants because usually no matter what you order the fresh taste alone makes it taste better than it would anywhere else! I picked this place on the last day of our week long vacation in NOLA for breakfast before we hit the road. I started with a plain mimosa (I wish they'd offer different flavors... seems achievable since they sell cold-pressed juices), even though they have a great variety of drinks (alcoholic and nonalcoholic) that sounded amazing! It was early and the lobster tails had not come in yet so I decided to get the scallops and grits which did NOT miss! But I started with the vegan breakfast potatoes & I'm glad I did!! The flavor was immaculate! Just delicious all the way around, I almost ordered a second plate! Give this place a try when you're in NOLA you will not be disappointed!!
Side notes:
I wanted to order the Cat Daddy but the Cajun gravy had pork in it and they could not do it without the pork. My wife ordered the Ranchero that's pictured.
Also, sit out on the patio if the weather is nice, it's beautiful! & you'll get to see some of the veggies they're growing!Went here last weekend with my mom and a friend for a little post birthday brunch..it was delish! The menu is a decent size but somehow we all ended up getting burritos for our meal lol which didn't disappoint. We did try the vegan (plus for me) queso and the tortilla chips which were gluten free (plus for my friend)..it was so yummy! The spice they put on the chips are great. The people were nice, food was good and the outdoor dining was enjoyable with the fans blowing during a hot summer day. Will def go back!Best breakfast in a long time! What a great menu of options! Very cool area in the warehouse district. The staff are amazing, all kind and knowledgeable. Don't get too overwhelmed with the menu, you really can't go wrong but the pancakes are set of the best I've ever had! Also the bison sausage was mind-blowing & delicious!My wait time was an hour, but it was well worth the wait. The food was AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I was eating off of my friends' plates and my own! Our service was great. I have no complainants at all. I plan on going back soon.Great atmosphere, accompanying and friendly staff. Super fun Place with delicious foodI had been dying to try them for a while and finally got the chance too! Safe to say they did not disappoint. I went around 8:30am to try an avoid a crowd of people. And I did until the breakfast rush started around 9-9:15. They did have the tables distanced and I appreciate them enforcing covid safety precautions. Now onto the food! The cortado and butterfly matcha were absolutely amazing. Honestly, if your not big on the taste of strong matcha the butterfly was like a nice medium (don't forgot to get it with oatmilk!) I got the cat daddy and made it spicy. OMG. It was a breakfast Sand-which heaven. The spice wasn't overwhelming or underwhelming! The chicken was crispy and had an amazing flavor. The crawfish and ham sauce was like a delicious creamy Cajun sauce and the biscuits tasted like hot homemade biscuits. My next must try are the freaking pancakes... I didn't know pancakes could be that amazing. Their fluffy and light, with the perfect crisp on the edges. The blueberry syrup was next level. Lastly, the service alone is enough for me to come back! They were extremely friendly and kind! 10/10 recommend them to anyone wondering if they should!I was looking through some different breakfast spots and got super excited because of all the vegan options at Bearcat. It sure didn't disappoint. I had a hard time deciding because so much sounded really good. I ended up landing on the vegan breakfast burrito with a vegan pancake on the side. 
I will say the burrito was a bit smaller than I would have expected, but it tasted awesome. With tofu and veggies, it at least felt pretty healthy. The pancake was super fluffy and just sweet enough to contrast my main meal. Gotta say, the real star of the show was those damn potatoes. I'm not saying they're the best potatoes I've ever had, but I'm not saying they weren't. Perfectly crispy and seasoned. 10/10 will go back just for those next time I'm in NO. 
Everyone else loved theirs so much we were going to go back. But be warned, the line gets pretty long on weekends, even into later afternoon. Rightly so, though. If you're able to go on a weekday like we did our first time, that's your best bet as they don't take reservations or even call-aheads.Ok it's official. Bearcat is my favorite breakfast/brunch place in all of NOLA. This location in the CBD area is fairly new and a short walk from my place. My boyfriend and I came on a Saturday around noon and to our surprise there was no wait at all. I'm sure that will change soon once people discover this location. 
My boyfriend had the fried chicken sandwich and it was the bomb. The fried chicken was tender, crispy, cooked to perfection, and the size of that chicken was huge. Best fried chicken sandwich I've had thus far. I had the catdaddy and I probably would've licked the plate clean if I wasn't in a public setting. The vegan queso was so good. I can't believe it's not real cheese. Everything we ordered were amazing. I can't even pick a favorite! Portions were all big and filling. 
They have outdoor and indoor seating. The outdoor seating in the back is very spacious and cute. 
The staff were all friendly and attentive. 
Definitely check this place out (or don't so people like me don't have to wait in line)This is literally my favorite brunch spot in New Orleans. This is my first time visiting the CBD location, and I'm glad I did! It's so much bigger! Usually I go to the Uptown location, where the wait time can be anywhere upwards of 40 minutes. Decided to go to this location with a friend, and it only took us 10 minutes to be seated. We went at 9:30 AM. I actually ended up calling the Uptown location to see what the wait looked like, and of course it was 40-45 minutes. I've been to Bearcat before many times. This location did not disappoint. This go round my guest and I had the pancakes, the bad cat, the yogurt with fruit and granola, and a biscuit. All of the food was phenomenal per usual. I also decided to try the butterfly Matcha latte, which was decent. Not sure I would necessarily order it again, but that's just because I don't think it's my type of latte. I know when people typically come to New Orleans their stop for brunch is Ruby Slipper, no shade, but Bearcat is 10x better. Be sure to give this restaurant a try, either location, the next time you're in the area.We were expected to wait outside the establishment for 2 hours for our table. I asked that if I came back closer to the time (explore the nearby area). The hostess discouraged it and said that the response time to claim a table was 2 mins-not 5 as it usually was.Tastes like an amusement park in your mouth. I'm on the biggest coaster now, about to drop straight downHighly recommend eating outside on the patio, it is beautiful and less noisy.  Brunch was wonderful!  We enjoyed our food so much and all the plates around us looked amazing as well!!Was invited here for a birthday.  Patio is beautiful, the lighting is perfect and not too dark or bright.  Food was edible.  The pork belly was okay.  The flavoring of the actual pork was bland, but then it was on top this spicy sauce mixed with rice crispy cereal.  The grilled Caesar salad was pretty good, but you can't really screw up salad, so that's no points in my book.  The wine and beer selection was mediocre.  Others ordered the duck and it looked like an Appetizer.  I've ordered duck elsewhere for the same price and got an actual whole duck, this was like 4 slices.  Another couple got the turnips, they just looked raw and crunchy.  2 people, 2 appetizers, 2 glasses of wine and 2 beers, $100. ??!!??   One and done for me.This place was popping for brunch. Most of the restaurants we hit during covid had little or not wait, but when we got here there was a huge line outside. It was a 45 min wait, and I appreciate that they text you when your table is open. It was freezing so it was definitely better to wait in your car than outside. 
The restaurant is huge! Two stories with a large patio. It had a very Los Angeles or San Francisco hipster vibes. Loved the r&b playlist.
On to the menu - The food and drink menu was extensive! Almost overwhelming. There was so much to offer. 
We ordered the following: 
Chia Pudding with Fruit: This dish was very typical. I feel like the pudding itself lacked in flavor. It was relatively bland, and I wish that the granola was better. 
Scallop and Grits with add on Fried Oysters: This was the top 2 best dishes at the restaurant. The scallops were so butter and the grits were creamed to perfection. 
Special Menu Items: Lobster Daddy & Hot Chicken Daddy - Both dishes were so flavorful. I think I preferred the lobster over the chicken but it was def a close call. They both came with two hot biscuits, a sunny side up egg, and this coat of creamy sauce.
Drinks: We opted for a simple orange mimosa and for non-alcoholic we ordered the oolong tea. Also definitely recommend. 
All in all this place was good. Definitely on the heavier side so expect to be really full. Not sure if I would come back here for brunch, but maybe for their dinner menu next time.Waiting for 45 minutes and had to go remind them. Then they insisted they didn't forget even though every single person who checked in behind me was seated. They called me up right away for the worst table in the place and were the perfect "I'm not going to be helpful at all but smile like I am" the way host staff are ...
 I get it, you're busy. So am I. It's a thing in the world today. So is admitting mistakes. It's actually makes you a better person.Safe and fantastic. Vaccine check, gorgeous outdoor seating. Get the Bearcat Spritzer and the Smoked Salmon Toast. Might be the best breakfast in New Orleans.Heard a lot about this place so in had to check it out. I'm very picky about places to eat. I am a food snob and feel if I go out to eat it better be for something I can make at home. Well I visited this place on Sunday around 11 am, just in time for the brunch crowd. To my surprise they have a bar where you don't have to wait for a table. Trust me there is a long line to wait, although I heard it was only a 30 min wait for a table. I was greeted by the bartender who brought me my coffee right away. I ordered the Lobster Daddy a special and crab dip. I thought maybe the dip would come out first, but nope came out together. The 4 star instead of 5 is for the long wait for the food. I didn't get my food until 30 mins later. The lobster was cooked perfectly and tender. Great flavor without our seasoning the food. Dip was cold with cold melted cheese so I didn't eat but one bite. Enjoyed the atmosphere and would definitely recommend.The food was excellent! I would have rated a 5 but no accommodations for senior citizens or handicapped individuals! Everyone was told to wait outside in 96 degrees temp with no exceptions!  It a great restaurant if you are young with no disabilities! 
Disappointed Senior100% recommend this place! Food is excellent as always, service is exceptional and staff is super friendly! We really enjoyed the new location and the full service bar! If you are ever in the area GO HERE AND DONT MISS OUT!Oh my gosh if I could eat here everyday I'd be in heaven. Was fantastic and deliciousAbsolutely loved this place! Delicious and seems like they are taking Covid-19 precautions seriously.I'm a Bearcat fan. I tried the location on Freret before, so I checked out the location in the CBD. I love it! Get ready for a wait but it's definitely worth it. The staff is nice and the location is a total vibe! Music playing outdoor seating in a beautiful courtyard area. I can't think of a better combination just to enjoy a day full of sunshine. We did not wait long to receive our food. It was delicious! I had the Lobster Daddy. A fried lobster tail on a biscuit, covered in cajun gravy, and topped with an egg. Add a mimosa and I was loving it. If you have not been to Bearcat you must go. Heck if you have been, go again!An outstanding addition to the neighborhood. 
The food speaks for itself. While Better known for the breakfast, do not sleep on the dinner service offered at this location exclusively. I will never go back to the uptown location-the vibe here suits me best. 
The outdoor area is to die for. 
I have never had something I didn't love here-brunch or dinner. 
Finally, the staff is stupendous. Special recognition goes to Trai-their top team member who knows how to make anyone's experience a good one.This is my absolute favorite spot for brunch! The menu never disappoint. I highly recommend this spot. I love the vibes and aesthetic of this restaurant.Awesome experience! Food is fantastic (tons of options for dietary restrictions) and not a long wait like other places in the CBD. The staff is friendly and efficient. It's perfect, dining with indoor and outdoor tables that are a significant length apart! Tremendous job, team!Get there early! We arrived shortly after they opened and there was already a line. That didn't bother us at all because it's a good sign that it was well worth the wait. We waited about 10ish mins before being seated. From the host to our server, they were beyond friendly and made us feel welcome. 
Trey, was our server, hope I spelled his name correctly because he was a fantastic human. It was our first time in New Orleans and Bearcat was our first stop in time. He went out of his way to write down his favorite spots and places to take our kiddos. He surprised us with a beautiful vegan hummus appetizer. The plating was suburb and our children actually devoured it. 
We ordered a short stack my son gave this a *10*, side of fruit, coffee (perfection) love the beautiful hand crafted mugs, brisket hash breakfast *8*  and an American breakfast *10* We absolutely enjoyed our time there and will definitely be back on our next trip.Favorite breakfast spot.  I love that they have lots of healthy items for all dietary preferences.So freaking delicious it will now be on my must hit list for my trips to NOLA, which I visit at least twice a year. Order something, anything, with the fried chicken on it and make sure to wear something with an elastic waste band. My kids also said it was the best hot chocolate they have ever had, which I was slightly insulted by...* good food small bites *
i met up with some friends here the other day and we loved the food! i got the breakfast sandwich with hot chicken and bacon and it was amazing. the chicken was perfect, the biscuit was buttery and flaky, and the eggs on the biscuit were made perfectly.
they have the cutest drinks too! their tea selection is pretty big and i love all the options they have. i ended up getting the blueberry hibiscus tea, which tasted sooo good but was also so strong
the food was also a little pricey for the portions they serve. not completely unreasonable, and i was full after eating, but i also became hungry again quickly which made me wish that i got more food for what i paid for 
i would definitely go again though! the food is delicious - just be prepared to spend money to be full and possibly dilute your teaTwo stars because awesome service , but food is a pass. Too many better options in New Orleans than to spend your money on bland , undercooked food.I got the butterfly matcha latte, breakfast burrito, and crispy potatoes.
Butterfly Matcha Latte - Exactly like how I remember from my trip last year. Floral version of matcha and creamy.
Breakfast burrito - This is definitely a 2 meal kind of burrito. Tofu scrambled is close enough to an egg as I care for it to be in a burrito. The tomato brings freshness to it. It is a bit on the wet side so I don't recommend eating it in a car.
Crispy potatoes -  There's something addicting about these. Maybe it's the perfect balance of savory, crispy, and starchiness?
Great place for brunch. Please give the vegan options a try!Was told an hour wait. They skipped us several times wound up waiting 3 hours then tried to get us to wait some more to allow some people who missed there name being called about an hour ago then told us that we'd have to wait some more because they were going to stop seating people. After waiting another 30 mins we left didn't get to eat also we know we were skipped because we could see on the sheet where the girl crossed out names in front of and after ours! Not saying the food was bad we didn't even get to try it!I have to been to the uptown location so many times and loved it! Tried this location out for the first time, and was pretty impressed besides a few mishaps here and there. My friends and I got the hot chicken biscuit sandwich, which is the most buttery biscuit paired with delicious fried chicken. It was supposed to also come with eggs and bison sausage. However, I was disappointed to find that my sausage was not included (I didn't realize till after we left b/c the meal itself was so delicious). The egg portion size was also a bit too small to be satisfying. I maybe got one mouthful of eggs. Overall, the flavors and meals were wonderful and I loved the whole layout of the downtown location, which has a lovely outer seating area, as well as a nice industrial-style interior.
Every time I go to bearcat, the house-made lemonades are a must for me! I tried the butterfly matcha lemonade this time, and was not too impressed by it as it was more sour than usual and just pretty strong. My friends who also got other house-made lemonades also had overly sour drinks. Usually they would be more sweet, but I'm hoping it was just that batch of lemonade. Will try again next time!
Overall great food as always, but food delivery and preparation could be improved.I was already a fan of Bearcat for breakfast/lunch based on my experience at their Uptown location, so naturally I decide to try this one and it was also a hit! 
I loved their large patio so that we could space out and social distance properly. Food was on point and similar to their other location the music selection was jamming. 
This is a pretty popular spot and they don't take reservations for breakfast or lunch, so there may be a bit of a wait but worth it.
I see that this location also has dinner, so I'd definitely come back to try it!I had the best chai latte of my life here.  And then had the churro donut which was a religious experience.  My husband raved about the coffee.  Everything was delicious.  But be prepared for a wait during rush times.Stopped in for brunch 12/5/2020. Amazing food. Inside and outside seating. Covid-19 friendly. Cute vibes, food was delicious, staff was amazing. Highly recommendA friend from New Orleans directed us to this restaurant for brunch while we were visiting for a wedding. If you can handle the hour + wait for a table on a weekend, we were rewarded with one of the best brunch meals I have ever had. Everyone at the table discusses planning another visit to New Orleans just to eat here. They were very accommodating to allergies and dietary restrictions, with something for everyone. The bottled cold brew was delicious but the soft shell crab and creamed spinach with eggs will be a brunch to remember for years to come.We waited about an hour to be seated.
Guess what? I would wait again for this amazingggg breakfast. 
Well seasoned. Everything was just so tasty. They are not cheap on the alcohol either! After the meal, I understand why people wait an hour to eat here. Try at least once or many times haha!UPDATE: unfortunately the secrets out, there will most likely be a wait here and uptown whenever you go :(. Time for bearcat to open up a third location! 
Amazing brunch spot in the CBD! The menu and food are the same as their uptown location and just as incredible!  However, this location is much bigger and can accommodate the high demand that bearcat consistently has. I have never gone to the uptown location without waiting at least 30 minutes. When we went here we were sat right away which was so exciting! The outdoor area is beautiful. Another big plus of this location is they have a full bar in addition to their normal bottled drinks. 
I definitely recommend going to this location over the uptown one but both locations havethe best breakfast food you'll have in NOLA!!Omg sooo good! Everything was outstanding. Nothing boring nor ordinary, yet not fru fru like I was afraid it might be. Prices very decent, good service and and nice patio atmosphere.Amazing meal with extremely reasonable  prices. Able to accommodate almost all diets and an eclectic menu that makes you want to order everything!! We ordered a classic breakfast and a special -  soft shell crab. Both were phenomenal. A bit of a wait for food but anticipated on a Saturday morninG.Their food is consistently great. We love the bearcat breakfast & the cat daddy. Their specials are also very good.We have waited 2 hour and 10 minutes to get a table! The waiting part sucked but when I got my amazing Coffee order that was made with rose water I felt better. Their coffees are phenomenal!
The main meal I ordered was fried chicken with waffles because they said it is a famous dish there. I didn't like it personally because I don't eat greedy food that much but I had to try it! I'm sure people who like that type of food will enjoy it. Their dessert was great too!Ok, I didn't even know this place was open for dinner. Holy moly, I have been missing out! Such a cute spot with fun vibe, and the food was out of this world good. We came for a work event and our host was generous so we got to try literally every dish on the menu!!
To drink, I tried the umami cocktail, was was delicious-not really savory, just a hint of sweet with a tart vinegar finish (difficult to describe, but everyone loved it!)
Food: I'd like to preface with an apology because the food was coming out so fast and didn't take pictures for the most part. 
Small plates: cauliflower katsu was a big cauli steak that was crispy-fried and sitting atop a garlicky yummy sauce. Brussel sprouts were shaved and served as a cold salad with nuts and bacon-good but I usually like my Brussels warm. Sunchoke was  roasted little bites of these Jerusalem artichokes. Anchovies came in this chili shive lime sauce that somehow made a funky little fish taste yummy. Oysters were basic and fresh. Paté was not my favorite because I don't love pâté-the bread and jam it came with were fire though! Turnips were left rustic and seasoned/marinated well. Broccoli was cooked to perfect texture with a hint of crunch left and served atop a yummy chickpea sauce.
Large plates (not actually that much larger btw): trout was flaky buttery on top of quinoa. Beef and sticky beets was cooked perfectly. Duck with broccoli, yum! Brick chicken-huge piece of chicken and super moist. Wild mushrooms is a delicious vegan option. Agnolotti was fried oysters, scallops, and little tortellini like pasta bites.
Desserts: coconut banana cream pie was to die for-slightly tart and the crust was amazing (this is the tastiest vegan dessert I've ever had). Yogurt panna cotta  was basic but the cookie it came with was tasty. Chocolate blackout cake was more tart than expected but obviously delicious.
Overall, stuffed our faces and went home fat and happy. I will most definitely be back very soon!Bearcat Café CBD:
Presentation: The back patio where we ate was nice, however time of day is important. At about 6-7 PM the sun will be angled directly at you, till it is eclipsed by a nearby building. The inside dining area and bathrooms are well put together. This is a nice chill ambience vibe. 
The Food: 
Starters: 
The Bread Basket: 
An assortment of 4 different kinds of bread, served with a cultured butter and slightly sweet acid reduction. This was a star. The breads vary every day, but the Vegan Oat and Focaccia were probably some of the best carbs I have eat lately. The butter and reduction add a nice tang and creaminess to the bread. A solid starter for a cheap price to start with. 
Grilled Hot Peppers: (Cotija, Crème Fraiche, Tajine)
This isn't your typical bland blistered shishito peppers. This is a symphony of balanced flavors. It is sweet, creamy, smoky, spicy, and tangy. With 4 peppers and a low price, it's a great starter as well. 
Creole Eggplant Crab Dip (Asiago, Garlic, Tortilla Chips covered with this Lime Crack seasoning):
Not a fan of this dish. There is an abundance of eggplant going on in this dish and really nothing else. The crab/garlic make very weak notes. However, a pleasant surprise is the tortilla chips served with it. They are covered in some acidic probably dopamine inducing seasoning and are cooked to perfection. It's a little pricey, but could be a nice appetizer for a group, that maybe just want something not too extreme flavor wise. 
Entrees (Sides change based on availability): 
Raine Farm Wagyu:
It's an amazing steak cooked amazingly. The sides were some boujee but tasty mash potatoes, and some garlic seasoned blistered broccoli. There is herb butter on top of the steak. It's simple and that's okay, because its good. 
Greener Pastures Chicken:
The chicken was the star of the night. The brick sear helped render the fat to get a crispy texture on the outside. The kale and peach Panzanella helped balance the fattiness of the meat and bring some nice freshness. It is pricey ~25$ but well worth it. 
Drinks:
I'm not a cocktail person, but Bearcat might change that. The Lucky Canelli, I thought was going to be a joke, but was probably one of the better cocktails I have had recently. Don't be intimidated by the Egg!
Server: 
Great, Welcoming, Cheerful. As to be expected with their Jena St location I have never had a bad experience.
Verdict: Go for Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Dinner, After Dinner Drinks. They are the Taysom Hill of Meals.Our food was delicious! Server was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Their pancakes are absolutely amazing. Definitely will be back soon!Lobster daddy was one of the best damn plates I have ever had! Great service and relaxing interior decor! A must try if you're visiting!Great quality food but really overpriced in my opinion. Maybe It's because I'm from out of town but breakfast for 2 doesn't normally cost $70. We were even charged $1.50 for basically a tablespoon of salsa! Lol but the food and quality was very good & I will probably go back! The service was very quick too.WOW!! This place is awesome! We had a 50 minute wait but when we got in it was fully worth it! The vegan bearcat,pancake, and chia pudding was fantastic! Butterfly matcha latte was also good! Atmosphere was everything awesomeBy far one of the best brunch spots I've been to in NOLA. I have not tried any other locations but this is the one. The playlist they had going was AMAZING! and made my friends and I time even sweeter!I don't give 5 stars out casually but Bearcat CBD deserves it.  The place looks and feels great, the service was spot on, and the menu was creative and engaging.  The food was very good and the portions ample...in fact neither of us could finish everything!  We started off by sharing the Chia Pudding - turned out to be a good idea because the entrees we so big -   I had the Bearcat breakfast which offered the unique option if bison sausage in place of pork.  They were delicious.  On top of it all, this restaurant is a great value.  Bearcat CBD will be my"go-to" place for breakfast and I've of them for lunch on my next trip to New Orleans.This place is a hidden gem! The staff is friendly and knowledgable about the menu. We were surprised and excited by the back patio which just adds to the overall experience! All spaces are clean kept and welcoming. 
The chef's take on a traditional brunch menu is elevated and unique, leaving unable to decide what you want most! This is definitely a restaurant you will want to come back to. 
Their juice selections were impressive as well! This restaurant is definitely a place you can 'pop in' to grab all your healthy favorites, even if you aren't looking to indulge like we did.
The photographed item is the Cat Daddy, and honestly it's flavor is even better than it looks! 
BearCat just got some new regulars! :)Great food and atmosphere. With the plethora of eateries avaliable, we were happy with the food.This was the best food experience I've had in quite some time . I'm not to sure of the restaurant manager or maybe it was the owner who greeted me. They provided expeditious service with a delightful accompany menu of their servers and bartenders. Visiting from Atlanta Ga we ate at Bearcat Twice in the three days we stayed. The food was absolutely delectable. Skipping over this place is like signing up for a divorce. Embrace the marriage of flavor and go to Bear Cat! So freaking good!!!Love both locations. Bearcat is awesome and I'm so excited that they expanded. I've only had positive experiences at both locations.Cute little breakfast/brunch spot, but definitely appeals to a specific type of crowd. But, we got to see some of the Krewe of NYX on the day of their parade, so that was cool!This place was awesome! I can't say enough good things about it. When we first walked in we were impressed with the decor and the setup, it was a beautiful and cozy little place. The food was phenomenal! Everyone at the table was happy with their meals. The breakfast burrito was sooo yummy. Service was great very friendly and attentive! Loved this brunch spot.Amazing atmosphere and outdoor space, high end coffee drinks and healthy optionsThe food is great, the staff needs a bit of customer service training. The CBD location isn't very big so space and seating are limited. When I arrived there wasn't any wait but lunch was approaching and so I asked to be seated while I waited for one other person. The unfriendly hostess wouldn't seat me and advised all I could do was wait until the second person arrived. Being that I arrived when tables were available I wanted to be seated so that we would get a table. Despite the poor seating policy, the food is good. We had the Cat daddy biscuit & Short Stack. Both were very tasty, especially the pancakes which almost had a cake-like consistency, different, but really good. The Cat daddy was good as well but the 'gravy' had a slight taste of crab or fish or some kind of seafood, which for biscuits and gravy is really unappealing. The chicken and biscuit were great, but gravy not so much.There's not much else to say besides Bearcat in CBD is the best place if you're looking for a scrumptious bite for breakfast. We initially visited thinking this location was more of a coffee shop with light bites but quickly realized we're in for a true culinary treat!! The iced coffee I was served was top 5 tastiest I have have had the pleasure of drinking. But nothing could top the flavorful food we were served. I got the seafood grits which really gave me a good base for an afternoon on Bourbon Street. My boyfriend opted for the Breakfast Burrito that was full of veggies and fluffy eggs. Our server was so incredibly friendly and made the experience even more enjoyable. She gave us suggestions of cool local places that were a tad less touristy. So thankful to have a local's recommendation when visiting from out of town. And finally the space was breathtaking. Their patio was spacious and gave us the opportunity to keep our distance from other diners during our meal. It was a very safe and enjoyable experience.I've had brunch here numerous times and it's always been wonderful, so i was extremely disappointed when our dinner experience was sub-par.
We felt very rushed by our server throughout the entire meal, despite being the only table in there on a Saturday night. The dinner menu is very limited and there's not many options for "picky" eaters as the chef does not allow modifications. A few people at the table ordered the fish and were deeply disappointed by many many bones in it. My dish came later than everything else and was "warm" but not hot. The fish meals were comped but and we got dessert but we left, went home, and ate leftovers. Overall disappointed in the dinner selection and experience here.Second venture out on the vegan trail here in New Orleans and Bearcat DID NOT disappoint!  Had the Bearcat breakfast of tofu scramble, black bean sausage and crispy potatoes (exceptionally good!).  Topped it off with an oak milk latte and in the end, the plate was cleared!!  Great service, cool atmosphere...all around worth it and and highly recommended!I don't know what all the hype is about. I went with 4 friends. 3/5 of us we unsatisfied with our food. My eggs were too salty to eat and the steak in the sandwich was ALL FAT. I didn't even finish. The waiter was decent. I wouldn't go back.Wrong dish delivered. Waited 45 mins for the right dish to come but it never did. We finally canceled the order, entirely. 
1/2 diners never ate anything after an hour and a half.The ABSOLUTE best brunch spot in New Orleans. I'm here just about every weekend sitting with the same waitress (Jamie is the best ever, but entire staff is great!), and always bringing new friends and family here when visiting from out of town. Everything from the coffee, to the pastries, entrees, and cocktails are 10/10. 
I strongly recommend the coffee cake, breakfast potatoes, and hot daddy to fill allllll your cravings!
Please do not let yourself regret skipping this place - it's well worth it!Really terrible experience today. We joined the waitlist via the RESY app. Waited half an hour and then told "oh, we don't do that". Then we get added to the waitlist inside via resy, which is the same exact list we joined online. Maybe don't have that set up if you're not going to use it? Won't be back, very rude staff.Nothing better... where do I start ? Vegan ? Check everything so yummy.Seafood? Check. I love the soft shell crab and of course the lobster. Chicken ? Check. Hot chicken love love love !  Pancakes? Fire !  And everything else...The original Bearcat near Freret is certainly crowded enough to merit an expansion. This new location is really a coup for them; this downtown area is walkable to the sports arenas, the WWII Museum, and the convention center. The interior is nice, but they also have a massive courtyard in back which wasn't in operation on the chilly day I visited but which I imagine will be quite impressive when it's filled to the brim on a pretty Sunday morning.
The split Good Cat/Bad Cat menu is the same, and the Good Cat side promises it to be the place where you can take people with any dietary need (vegetarian/vegan and gluten-free clearly marked). Not only can you get a group together and be confident everyone can find something to eat, they'll be satisfied and they'll feel like they're eating in New Orleans.
The black bean burger I ordered was enjoyable, though not quite to the degree of the best veggie burger I've had in the city (District Donut's was a little spicier and comes with crusted cheese, while this one is vegan). It arrived with some richly aromatic (thyme, I think) home fried potatoes, which I ate slowly to savor them. I added a charcoal lemonade; I don't know if one dose of charcoal had any meaningful health benefit, but it looked cool and tasted like lemonade despite the blackness. There's plenty else to try and I'd be happy to do it.Visited to celebrate a friend's new job!! Food was exceptional. Sunchokes had a weird taste - but that's as the first time we tried. Rest everything was soul filling10s across the board. Service amazing, food amazing. We had a great time!! I'll definitely be visiting againDidn't get any food but this place is super vibey! Love the service and playlist! Chai was also immaculateSo so good! First of all the menu is so well done and very "cat"chy. They separate healthy and unhealthy food into the good cat and the bad cat. I was trying to be a good cat and they did have very tasty looking options, but ended up being a bad bad cat.  The crab scramble was so delicious! Packed with LA crab. I was very impressed with the taste. I also shared the scallop and grits. This had Nola bbq. I am typically not a bbq fan with grits but this one was an exception. The scallops were perfectly cooked and the bbq sauce was not overpowering and just perfect. The drink options were extensive, with a wide selection of teas (had the gunpowder green tea which was lightly smokey in flavor), coffee and cocktails. The waitress was very sweet and friendly. Already have told me friends and coworkers about this gem, and I cannot wait to go back.I was already a fan of Bearcat for breakfast/lunch based on my experience at their Uptown location, so naturally I decide to try this one and it was also a hit! 
I loved their large patio so that we could space out and social distance properly. Food was on point and similar to their other location the music selection was jamming. 
This is a pretty popular spot and they don't take reservations for breakfast or lunch, so there may be a bit of a wait but worth it.
I see that this location also has dinner, so I'd definitely come back to try it!We had one good cat and one bad cat  (picture), worth the wait, food,service and ambiance were all excellent.
Will return. Great outdoor seating.Our first dish was  mushrooms, borsin cheese, and scrambled eggs.  Why scrambled eggs when they are so easy to do at home?   Because the cheese gives a moist  texture and cheesy flavor that is not so easy to duplicate.  And instead of  common mushrooms, you get oyster,beech, and chanterelles thank you very much.  And it comes with a side of uber crispy, tender on the inside, fried potatoes.  It makes being a "good cat" very easy.
Our second dish was chia pudding.  Chia seeds soaked overnight in coconut milk until they plump up and soften creating a delightful pudding.  Top it off with granola and assorted berries that leave you feeling like you've had a healthy dessert.   I loved the house coffee and my wife loved her cappuccino.
Bearcat in the CBD is a can't miss breakfast place.Gotta prep yourself for a wait here unless you're super lucky! Worth the wait for sure. Service is amazing and the food is always great. Love that they have great vegan options so my vegan friends were super happy and I got to eat my hot daddy! Wait that didn't sound right but whatever. Go eat at Bearcat!!!!!Bad Cat vs. Good Cat. What would you prefer? 
*
*
*
Bearcat has been one of most favorite places brunch to go to in NOLA! One of my favorite dishes is the cat daddy (HIGHLY recommend) as it contain a crunchy chicken texture with a creamy sauce on top of a butter biscuit with creole influences. 
*
*
Another favorite has to be the BANANA foster, which you have to ask for! It's extremely fluffy and you can taste the soft, chunkiness of the banana mixed in there. This is an ABSOLUTE must have. 
*
*
Also, there are always specials on Sundays and this time we had the scallops with cauliflower grits (just to be a little healthy) and it was absolutely amazing. The sauce was quite similar to the cat daddy. Served around 25$.
*
Overall, this is a must have brunch place in the CBD and I definitely recommend outdoor seating if you can because it's extremely spacious and chic on a sunny day. 
Follow me on piggieats_ to explore more foodie reviews!This place is amazing! I came to New Orleans for a birthday weekend celebration. I wanted to try a new spot that I've never been to for breakfast. I was referred by a local to try this place. I was extremely impressed. Our table of 5 was able to get seated right away. We had the sweetest waitress who gave excellent suggestions. Our group ordered a few bottles and orange juice to make our own champagne. The waitress made a great suggestion on what champagne to select. Very sweet (i just can't remember the name of it). I ended up ordering the cat daddy. And omg it was so good! I got a side of breakfast potatoes and they were just as delicious. Please come here and order the cat daddy!The perfect place to grab a cortado, a cocktail or a meal! Literally my new favorite go to! The people are friendly and the food is everything!Food was amazing! Everything was perfect and so delicious and worth the wait outside. My vegan meal was impeccable. Vegan breakfast is usually hit or miss but it was a definite hit and the potatoes were soooo good. How do you make something so basic so amazing!? Mind blown. My man loved his biscuit and something dish as well. We even tried to come the next day but they were closed. We were so bummed.Terrible waiting system.  Quoted me for 1 hr 45 minute wait or "'more" so went to run errand.  They messaged an hour later saying that my table is ready and gave it up five minutes later.  Called and hostess said it would be another 1 hr 45 minute wait.  Work on your system.FAVORITE brunch place in the city. We started with butterfly matcha latte and drip coffee then we got the Cat daddy with a side of grits and bacon. Amazing.I pretty much go every weekend to bearcat. I love the concept of the menu... good cat : healthy version of some classics. Or you can go bad bearcat, which are a little heavier options : bearcat breakfast is popular : 2 eggs anyway, bacon or bison sausage ( i love their sausage) and crispy potatoes ( delish). I normally get chia seed pudding, which included a good portion of fresh fruit and some gf granola and a short stack (2) pancakes . Ive had a lot more badcat dishes, including their biscuits or wraps! So much is gluten free, vegan, or gluten free available. So many coffee, juices and alcohol options available too! You will leave happy !We were pleased with our visit to Bearcat during our recent trip to New Orleans. It was within walking distance from our hotel and on a beautiful early spring day, it was so nice to sit outside and enjoy breakfast.
A note before I get started: our visit was a day after Louisiana closed schools until April 13th due to the coronavirus. Restaurants were doing more to disinfect, "social distancing" was already in everyone's vernacular, and the next day, restaurants were forced to shut down or do to-go or carry out only. The outdoor area is huge and there were only about 5 tables occupied, but we were seated right next to two other groups, as if the restaurant was full. It was just kind of bizarre everyone was concerned and taking steps to stay apart, but that wasn't considered when seating us (or anyone else while we were there).
Our server Jojo was awesome- efficient, kind, and helpful during our visit. We have the bad cat breakfast and cat daddy biscuit. Both were huge portions served piping hot. The eggs with the bad cat breakfast were so salty I could not finish them, but we both loved the potatoes- crispy, but not at all greasy. The pancakes may have been the best I have ever had and the cat daddy biscuit (and the bad cat breakfast, for that matter) kept us full until dinner. The price was a little steep for what we're used to paying, but the portions, quality, service, and atmosphere made it worth it.Bearcat is my jam!!! The excitement I get in my belly every time I eat here never seems to go away. That my friends is because this place has nailed how to make a consistent, good breakfast. Pre-covid they were great and they haven't seemed to lower their standards since. I absolutely love coming here. The coffee is EXCELLENT, the potatoes are the BOMB, and the service is on point always. This sounds crazy, but I feel like they really care. Every one that works here always seems to be in a pleasant mood which is a plus. If you are looking for a treat, look no further. The bearcat breakfast with pancakes is a winner, the breakfast club won't fail you, and the cajun gravy biscuit is definitely one of my faves.Literally just drown me in the cajun gravy. IT'S SO GOOD!!! the fried chicken is overindulging but it's also incredible. add an egg over easy... omg. Delicious! Also love their selection of house made drinks - especially the chai - however i wish they would implement a recycle program with the glass bottles. I live nearby and purchase regularly when I'm on the go, I imagine many others do the same.Food is sooooo amazing but the wait for it was close to two hours and the service inside was extremely slow. It's a perfect place for a solo date or a date that you aren't interested in because you can't hear one another due to the music being incredibly loud.I got takeout here recently. You can easily order online and pick up. The food is never a disappointment! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The shrimp and grits were amazing and savory and filled with flavor. Also, always get an extra side of their crispy potatoes because you don't know it yet, but you will definitely want more. I also love their selection of bottled drinks. They have different lemonades, juices, tea, iced coffees, and more. They even come in glass bottles you can reuse.
The restaurant was crowded when I went to pick up food.Good food nice atmosphere. As a vegetarian it was nice that they had good veggie options. Definitely recommend the vegan ranchero.I am normally a huge fan of bearcat but was very disappointed today. The potatoes were cooked to the point that they were barely edible, and the eggs were very undercooked. My friends wanted ketchup and more maple syrup, but could not track down the waitress. Also, the food took an incredibly long time to come out. Overall very dissatisfied with today's meal.Absolutely delicious! A recommendation from our Lyft driver that was spot on. The potatoes and the blue crab eggs dish were incredible. I also had some espresso in the orange cardamom hot chocolate which was a fantastic recommendation from our waiter. Thanks for the great experience Bearcat!Bearcat, you are a true New Orleans staple. Everyone brings their out of town guest here. & when asked about brunch, Bearcat is always mentioned.
You can find a variety of healthy eats to greasy fill ups on the menu. 
Bubs loves the $15 hot rob (biscuit topped with hot chicken, sunny egg, & creamed spinach) or $16 cat daddy biscuit (cajun gravy). I can only take two or three bites of those. I prefer the $16 Trumpet scallops. PLZ don't confuse the trumpet mushrooms for scallops! NO SCALLOPS are on this dish!
Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The food is delicious!I can not say enough good things about this restaurant, the staff, drinks and food! There was a wait but it was managed with precision and well worth it!! The drinks were amazing! We had coffee, juice and mixed drinks and they were all great! The coffee cake, and pancakes were some of the best we ever had. The chicken biscuits (we had 3 different kinds) were all delicious. The potatoes have the best seasoning we ever had. The waitress was knowledgeable, kind and attentive!Wow!  Just WOW
The food the staff the drinks!  They were able to happily accommodate any food allergies we had in our party,  and everthing we ate was just magical. 
Is give this place 20 stars if I could!OMG there's no better brunch anywhere on the planet-
The service is always stellar but the food and drink is so good that you can't even focus on anything else!
No reservations taken but it will be worth the wait.  We came on a Friday around 11:00am and waited only 10 minutes or so for a patio table. (We had the dachshund with us- YES! You can bring your dog which is why we started coming here in the first place!)
The scallops and grits with the option to add fried oysters is the last dish I want to eat before I die - it's that good.  
Daughter had the chicken fried steak sandwich and husband had the Bearcat breakfast- all great 
Order the boudin balls as an app- amazing!
And I cannot remember the name of the cocktail so I'll post the pic and you just show it to the server and say "this please!" ;).  
Or a mimosa- can't miss with those!ate here today and wow it was so good. i had the wild mushroom sandwich and a great cup of coffee, my partner had the shrimp daddy bowl and we split vegan blueberry pancakes and everything was exceptional. our server, named krista according to the receipt, was extremely helpful and personable. her service took out already pleasant dining experience to the next level. we had such a great time and can't wait to come back and try more food.Having to wait outside kind of sucks. But ya know, Covid. The drinks were good, the atmosphere was cool, and the food was great. Fantastic place for brunch. Ordered the Bearcat Breakfast, myself. Potatoes were amazing! And their home squeezed juice was delicious (albeit expensive).We were  quoted 40 minutes and waited an hour an a half to get seated and another hour to receive food. As soon as we sat down, the server was completely rude to our party. Throughout the meal she avoided our table, never brought us water and never bothered to ask us how are the food was. 
The server was not a kind person and completely dismissive of our needs.  Our party are all or have worked in restaurants so we don't usually complain as we do understand how difficult things can be. However she was so rude we felt it was important to share. We spoke with the manager but felt dismissed. Hopefully this is a one off bad server but beware. After 3 hours we are leaving with such a negative impression we will not return even with how good the food.Phenomenal food.
Urban atmosphere.
be prepared for the LONGEST waits ever, but if you're willing to wait it'll be worth your time.
NO RESERVATIONS - long wait time even on a Sunday afternoon at 1PM
you can never go wrong with the Cat Daddy Biscuit - flavorful, crispy chicken. 
Slightly on the heavier side, but don't get me wrong it's delicious
Their pancakes are deliciously fluffy as well
Ashamed to say I've never tried anything from the good cat (Vegan - half of their menu), but I've heard it's also delicious
Come give it a try, or roll in to the uptown location on Freret - also delicious with a slightly larger menuI've already reviewed the other location, so I won't beat a dead horse. But this place holds up. Both are dope. The breakfast is legend. The service is top notch. And the coffee is the tits. You need this breakfast in your life. Why? Because you can get it vegan or not. Because you owe it to yourself. Because the past year was a son of a beach and your mental health matters. 
Don't just take my word for it. Look at all the other great reviews. Or see my other review from the other location.DELICIOUS!!!! Hands down one of the best breakfast spots I've had! Our server Cody helped us choose and he UNDERSTOOD THE ASSIGNMENT  very flavorful and hot in heat (no cold food) until the very end! I was FULL & satisfied! The sauces on both were AMAZING! #CatDaddy #CouyonDaddyOf course this place has a ton of reviews, so let me add my two cents. The food was pretty tasty and the menu was varied. I ate the bison burger, my mom had the pot pie, and my dad is the steak and egg wrap. The service was friendly and quick. Pretty much 0 complaints on the food and service side of things. My only "ehh" moment was the wait to be seated. Now normally that isn't an issue. Popular place, long waits. But this place made you sit out front while you wait for a table but there we tons of open tables. So not sure if it was a crowd control thing but I didn't like it.This place is absolutely awesome! I never went to the uptown location because it's far away but was so happy when it opened downtown. The inside of modern and cute although not that big. The back patio is huge which tons of seating although most of it is in the direct sun. 
I ordered the breakfast club which was delicious and my friend got the mushroom burger which she enjoyed as well. I also tried the iced vanilla latte with oat milk and it was delicious! Their menu I felt like was way bigger than what it was online which is a plus. 
Our waitress Jill was awesome and made our visit even better.Absolutely amazing food!!! Ashlie our waitress was pleasant. I had the scallops and grits with a side of potatoes which was phenomenal. The mushroom scramble was also delicious. Cute courtyard with lots of plants!!! We will definitely be back!!!I was so extremely happy when I saw that they opened a Bearcat up in the CBD! It's my favorite restaurant in the city. I would eat here daily if I could. The original location was always just a tad too far for me but I'm so excited this one has opened. It's exactly the same as the other except, this one has a FULL BAR!!! It's much more spacious as well. 
I came in with my sister for lunch and the wait wasn't ridiculous like the original (yay!). We were seated promptly and had great service (yay! Yay!). 
We ordered the buffalo cauliflower, which was delicious!!!! The vegan grilled cheese has been the only thing that I haven't been impressed with here. I wouldn't order again. The salmon was probably thE best dish  I had ever tried  here (we subbed the lima beans for greens and WOW). Also, we ordered the fresh ricotta (side/special menu) and it was juSt so refreshing!! 
Now that it's so close, I'll be here probably way too often. I don't know if that's a good or bad thing now. Oh well. And parking was NOT BAD at all!!!!! I thought it was going to be horrible to find but the location is great and there's plenty of parking around.BEWARE OF THE DOUBLE TIP
Went for lunch. Some food was great, some not so much. The Steak, egg & cheese grilled burrito was fantastic, but I would like to see a side accompanied with it. I heard so much about the crispy potatoes, and they LOOK fantastic in the pics... but all of the potatoes at our table were just a tad less than burnt. Not good at all. 
Our server sucked and was never available when we needed her. We would wave at her from across the restaurant and she would give us the one finger up in the air "one moment." This happened a couple times. Everything took FOREVER for her to do. 
This is the topper, we get the check and there is a "employee fee" added to our check. We were perplexed as to what it was, an additional 4% fee? We paid, and on our way out we asked what it was and were told it was to pay for the employee's health insurance. I was floored. I asked the lady "your boss should incorporate that into his overhead costs." She said he does, that pays for my portion." YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME?!?!?! Pay your own premium like the rest of us. Ludicrous. Never going back. Not so great food and mediocre service? No thank you. Way too many great great restaurants within this corridor to have to deal with subpar food and subpar service. 
I highly recommend that if you choose to dine here, incorporate the 4% into your tip calculation. A 15% tip + 4% employee fee = nearly 20% to the server. And that's IF they actually deserved 20%.The worst service. I didn't even stay to eat. I showed up at 1pm. There was no line. I was waiting for my friend to arrive shortly. I was informed that both parties had to be present to be seated(that's fair). However...I asked the lady at the hostess stand if she needed to take my name and number down, as I was looking at the list of names on the paper in front of her, and she said, "No, we don't take names here. You can just wait outside." I went out and walked across the street for a few mins until my friend arrived. I walked back over and there was a line outside. I asked this nice lady and her husband how long the wait was for a party of 2. She said 22 mins but theirs is a party of 4 and they were waiting on the rest to show up. She said that the hostess took their name and number so they can have their place in line. I walked in and noticed a different lady at the hostess stand. I said, "So you guys do take names and numbers down as people wait for seating?" She said, "Yes." I told her how the other lady told me they didn't do that. She said that wasn't true and that they do and showed me the list. She said there's 4 tables in front of me. I refused to stay and eat. They didn't try to accommodate either. There was no way I was waiting after 4 tables when I showed up before everyone. Never attempting to come back to this location. I even spoke to the manager. He didn't seem to care at all and he went right back to work. He didn't even address the worker about her behavior. She was all hysterical while talking to the hostess after being confronted. Throwing her hands around and talking smack. She was wrong and I'm sure she'll continue that behavior moving forward. But I'll be sure not to recommend this place to anyone. I'll be sure to tell them to go somewhere else if they're looking for good service and fair treatment.From the ratings and rave reviews my wife and I were very excited to enjoy an amazing breakfast on Saturday!  I started with a cappuccino with oat milk...it was pretty good. Then 15 minutes later our waiter apologized that he forgot to put in our food order. He was nice enough to offer us another coffee on the house.  Then arrived my salmon lox toast with an egg in the hole (cooked egg placed in a hole in the middle of the toast) with some capers and herbs. Yes, sounds pretty yummy!  Until I took the first big mouthful in anticipation and the over salted delight assaulted my tongue. My wife had scrambled eggs with overcooked dry sweet potato hash.  And that was a $50
breakfast!  Going back...don't think so!