Pretty restaurant.......nice menu.......might have been good food but we'll never know.  The owner (manager?) snapped at his staff in front of the customers.  They wouldn't seat us outside because they were "saving" their four top for a larger party. (no - it wasn't reserved.  They just wouldn't seat a party of two at a four top)  We sat inside and when no one had come to greet us or take a drink order after ten minutes, we walked out - right past the by-then three empty outside tables.  
We won't be back.Props to Christina D. For the suggestion.  Bearcat is a funky place but in a good way.  Everything that I saw had the cute little cat imprint on it.  Besides the eclectic feel of this place the food is on another level.  We ordered a vegan queso for the table of 4 and I was pleasantly surprised. It tastes exactly like cheese dip.  It had a good kick and the tortilla chips had the right spice.  I ordered the rancheros with potatoes and my girlfriend got the vegan quesadilla with blueberry pancakes. Our friend got the bearcat breakfast with banana foster pancakes and christina got the vegan burger.  The rancheros were delicious but those potatoes though. They have this delicious crisp and seasoning that brings the potato game up a notch.  I also had some of the quesadilla and pancakes.  They were good as well.  I think I'm gonna have to come back to this place for sure!This place is amazing!! It has something for everyone! Took my vegan niece here and she said it was so good! I really hope they stick around and people hear about them! I've told all my friends to go!Everything was awesome from the food, to the service, to the homemade tea! We tried it for the first time for lunch and came back that Sunday for brunch!Food was amazing!!! We ordered vegan and vegetarian items off of the breakfast and lunch menu, everything we got was delicious!Honestly, best breakfast I have had in a long time. I am allergic to milk, and there are so many cool dairy free, gluten free and vegan options that I cannot wait to come back here with my friends who also have food allergies.sooooooo yummy. Best brunch in New Orleans. Perfect for vegans and meat eaters alike. Be prepared for a long wait for a table- but the wait is worth it.Delicious food, good service, nice atmosphere, amazing latte art! We had a great experience at Bearcat for breakfast. We got the Vegan Bearcat (Tofu scramble served with oh so crispy potatoes and black bean sausage) and Vegan Rancheros (Sweet potato tortilla with black beans, house salsa, avocado, and cashew crema). I loved the Vegan Bearcat and would definitely order it again. I also got the Matcha Latte which was incredible and the perfect amount of sweet and bitter.Now one of my husband and I's favorite spots! We walked in on a Sunday at 2:30pm it was pretty busy. The wait was very short and the staff was very attentive even while we were waiting. We ordered the cat daddy biscuit and the Bearcat breakfast with bison sausage and added pancakes. Everything was amazing! It's a lot of food and the price was great! Before we left we ordered a almond milk vanilla latte which was also very delicious! The wait for the food didn't take long and the staff is very friendly and welcoming!Very good food! Loved the matcha latte. Really great service tooo...we are suckers for great service. Good ambiance. The waiters looked casual cool and very friendly! All in all very good experience.  We will be back for sure!Great coffee, tasty healthy options which is hard to find in Nola. Outside sitting available. Luckily not too busy, yet. I also really liked the friendly staff.As someone who eats mostly veggie I have been wanting to visit the Bearcat Cafe for a while. Tropical storm Gordon provided the perfect opportunity to get out and enjoy a fabulous vegan-friendly breakfast. I have been fighting a cold so upon entering the cafe ordering a delicious hot beverage was my first goal. The menu features a variety of beverages including a chai latte. Being a huge fan of a spicy chai this was an obvious choice. My chi latte was perfect! Spicy, creamy, and comforting. In fact it was so delicious I ordered a second one! For my entree I had the Vegan Bearcat. Every bite of this dish was exquisite! The potatoes were perfectly crispy. The tofu scramble was well seasoned and flavorful. However, the black bean sausage was my absolute favorite part of the dish! I will be back to enjoy another dish from the Bearcat Cafe ASAP!! Thank you, Bearcat Cafe!I was very impressed (and deserving of a five star review) when Bearcat first opened. My wife and I took both sides of our family here over the holidays and even came twice in one day!
But I can't agree more with the other reviews about the hostess. She doesn't make this restaurant worth a visit. My wife and I came for a late lunch at 2pm one day with our two young daughters. The hostess quoted us a 30min. wait. We waited over 1 hour, watched as others passed us for a table, then they tried to seat us (a family of four) at a two top. They suggested we could just put our 2mo. old in a car seat on the floor, in the middle of a crowded busy restaurant. There wasn't even space for a high chair for our toddler to eat. 
Today, I gave it one more shot. Again, the same hostess. Two parents, same daughter in a car seat. When there wasn't a two top available, but there was a 4 top, she told us we could wait. "Oh, we're saving that one for bigger parties." There was no one else waiting for a table. 
There's one thing you must get right when you're in hospitality. The hospitality part. Recognize parents that come to your restaurant. Treat them with respect and give them a table. Their kids are people too, even if they're not eating. Very poor form.I visited fire breakfast and there were so many options to choose from. I had the Bearcat breakfast with a blueberry pancake and bison sausage...AWESOME. The wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable.Went here for breakfast and  ordered the Cat Daddy Biscuit, was really delicious.  I was really impressed on the open kitchen and how the whole line was being run.  I honestly can't say I have seen someone run expo at a breakfast place.  Really professional and great value for what you get.  I can't say I had a better meal that weekend I stayed in New Orleans.
I tried a bit of my friend Shrimp and Grits, also amazing.  And their home fries are top notch.Great find! Breakfast was amazing, best pancakes and crisp potatoes I've had.  Bison sausage was tasty. Can't wait to come back have lunch.We decided to come here last minute with a party of 9! First, the coffee is excellent. However you like it-- black, with cream, almond milk-- excellent. The food is great. We all enjoyed the bearcat breakfast WITH pancakes, and the chia seed pudding was a bowl full of deliciousness. The service was great!! Thank you to our server and Nick (I think the owner) for being so kind and accommodating to our crazy bunch. For being open only 15 days this place is off to a great start. We will definitely be back next time we're in town.This bustling cafe is in a rather convenient location just off of Freret Street and next to the hospital, and offers a dichotomous menu of hipster health food (good cat) and Southern indulgences (bad cat).
The good cat menu is vegetarian and vegan-friendly, and I arrived for an early lunch to sample some sweet potato noodles. The vegetables they came with were ample, and I would struggle to characterize the resulting flavor combination except to say that it seemed an Asian-American fusion. I wasn't wowed, especially by the price/portion ratio, but I certainly was intrigued enough to be back for breakfast.
They're nominally a breakfast and lunch place, but they do have some interesting dinner popups sometimes that I would also consider checking out. As far as coming for a weekend brunch, I'd be careful, simply because the dining area is not big and there seem to be crowds and waits quite regularly. I imagine they're waiting for something good though.If you're looking for traditional New Orleans, go somewhere else.  I thought for a minute I was in  an Ikea warehouse in southern California.  The menu was unusual in a good way (vegan, vegetarian and meat options - some very good variations on standard dishes in addition to some original dishes).  The thing that struck me from beginning to end was the absolute immaculateness of the place.  Not something we're used to in New Orleans.  For someone who always pays attention to a restaurant's bathroom, I would have to give this place a "10" if that were possible. The service was great; the food was delicious.  Aside from feeling a little nostalgic that perhaps it won't be long before New Orleans was like every other U.S. city, and the annoying presence of flies at my table (ick), I was impressed.  I especially like the idea that Bearcat is close to Ochsner's so that there is a healthy food option for medical patients.This is our favorite breakfast spot! I love that they have gotten super popular but it means there is a little wait each time. No worries, they are great at getting people in pretty quickly. My wife has become quite the regular during this pregnancy. So much so that the owner picked up our tab one morning! 
Our extremely picky 2 year old gets and literally cheers when his pancakes with Nutella arrive. My wife gets the vegan breakfast off the "good" cat menu with the potatoes and I get the Banana Foster with Paleo pancakes! Yummy!! Their Thai Tea was amazing, as well. Everything we have had so far is awesome. Love the decor as well, very clean and modern. We have taken everyone we know here, please stay forever. We love Bearcat!We showed up on a busy morning so it was about 40 minutes before we got a table, but the wait staff was very efficient and we were served pretty quickly. My friends got the chia pudding and said it was really filling; I got the vegan rancheros, which was delicious, but I was still kind of hungry by the end of it. Definitely my fault since the waiter had mentioned that the vegan quesadilla's portion size was a bit larger than the rancheros', but I decided not to listen.
Mostly 5 stars because of the service: one of my friends left her keys on the table, and our waiter (Jason H.) chased us about a block down Freret to give them back. Thank you!!This place is aaamazing! Cozy neighborhood spot... great coffee & wonderful food! Was in town for a few days & I just couldn't get enough of this place. Shrimp & grits were out of this world... and the biscuit cajun gravy crawfish thing was fantastic! So much that I had that TWICE.. Love it here. A must go to spot!Excellent vegan brunch, food am not a vegan but really enjoyed the Vegan Quesadillas & my Burch companion had the Vegan Bearcat. The tofu scramble, crispy potatoes, and cashew queso were highlights. We weren't as impressed with the vegan breakfast sausage. The service was good up until it was time for the bill. The table next to us had a difficult time getting their bill correct and still ended up paying an incorrect bill. Ours just took a very long time to get. We will definitely rerun but hope the waiter works out billing issues.Fan. So glad I don't live within walking distance because I would stay here. I had the crawfish, sausage biscuit and added an egg over easy which is called the Cajun Gravy Biscuit. Oooweee. So yum. It was supposed to be a small plate, but I didn't finish it and sadly didn't have room for pancakes. The coffee is tasty, and the space is so calm and welcoming. The healthy options make this place stand out. Can't wait to find an excuse to come back.By far one of the best brunch places with vegan options. We were greeted immediately with the option of being seated inside or outside. We told the host whichever had the first availability. We were seated outside. The drink options are endless and fresh, they come in glass bottles and can be served in a cup with ice. For breakfast and lunch you have the option to order from the "good cat" (vegan) or "bad cat". I ordered the vegan rancheros with paleo pancakes and both were very flavorful! This restaurant has the best of both worlds and I can't wait to come back and try out their lunch menu.Delicious food.  They make yummy entrees and appetizers with unique ingredients, like cashew sauce and farrow.  Brunch was amazing.  The potatoes and bison sausage were so good, as were pancakes and eggs.  The menu is a little on the smaller side, though, especially the lunch menu.  Service is also a bit slow, especially during brunch hours.  It took at least 20 mins for our food to show up.  Staff is very attentive and friendly.  Do visit at least once!  We went twice :) in three days.So I'd heard so much good stuff about Bearcat cafe. That I decided to give it a try for brunch last Saturday. 
It was busy, it's brunch. The host greeted my right away. I asked if I could sit outside since there was a table open. He said it was going to be a few minutes could I please have seat on the couches while I waited. Well someone who arrived after me got seated at the table outside. The host came over and told me they could seat me at the bar or I could be served right here on the couch. I was confused. He then asked me if I was there to work or have brunch. I guess cause I was a party of one, he thought I was there to hang out(?). I told him I was here for brunch. So he said I could have a table if I ate and left. Kinda made me feel rushed. (Note I never sit at bars in restaurants to eat. I'm too short to sit on a stool.) 
I ordered the London Fog to start and I loved it. 
On to the food, the menu is divided into "good cat" and "bad cat". I got the short stack of pancakes and the crab scramble. The food was wonderful. The crab scramble had lots of crab  in it and the eggs were done just right. The potatoes that came with it were really good. Dark on the outside but super creamy on the inside. 
The short stack was some of the best pancakes  I've had at a restaurant in a long time. They were a nice size too. I could only eat half of what I ordered. I hardly ever ask for my food to be boxed up but here I did. 
The wait staff was nice. The place has contemporary decor. For brunch it was very busy, there were people waiting outside to be seated when I left. 
I'm giving it 5 stars for the food I was really impressed for the price. That little thing about being seated just did not take away from it. 
I swore I took photos but I guess I deleted them. I get some next time cause I will be back.Super Hip spot, usually a 15-30 minute wait on the weekend for Brunch, worth every bit. Fusion of local cuisine, with adaptations for vegans (good cat) and non vegans (bad cat). 
Service is pretty quick but they have struggled with drinks, both time I've been here. 
Food is great, options for the healthy and non healthy, vegans and non vegan. Pancakes or lighter fare, all are very good.
Can be a bit noisy, but overall ambiance encourages the louder chatter. 
Pretty cool how they partner with local artist, all plates, cups, mugs, and milk saucers are handmade pottery. Adds to the vibe they have set in place.Bearcat is a phenomenal brunch place in NOLA. It is one of the few great sit-down places that do not require you to trek all the way to the quarter for some quality breakfast food. I have been here three times now, each time better than the last. They have an eclectic menu and just about anybody, even the pickiest of eaters would be able to find something they like. 
My go-to dish is the egg white scramble with mushrooms. Such a simple dish turned diverse. The creaminess the cheese adds combined with the freshness of the mushrooms makes your typical omelette really stand out. 
THE POTATOES. These are addicting. Fried, crunchy, greasy - dope. Ask for a side of sliced avocado to make you feel better about eating these!
The only item I tried here (off my friend's plate) that I did not enjoy were the scallops. Then again, who orders scallops at a place like this? I blame his judgement and will not judge Bearcat too hard on their seafood dish. 
Will be back!If you are vegan, this is the ultimate breakfast spot. I so love how they have there own in house teas and milk. The food was exceptional and I will truly be back on my next return to New Orleans.So so good! All the food was amazing with great flavors. I had the blueberry pancakes which really surprised me how good they were.This is a small cafe in what used to be a house that serves breakfast and lunch. It does not take reservations and is popular, so expect a wait if you go after 9 a.m. We lucked out on a Sunday morning, as a table had just become available on the porch, and the weather was perfect. 
My spouse had the London fog tea, while I had the drip coffee. London fog is a must have! It is a work of art that tastes every bit as good as it looks. The coffee is good and strong and will wake you up if you are tired. 
For the meal, I had the crab scramble and my spouse had the mushroom with egg whites. Both of our dishes came with the crispy potatoes. As another reviewer said on here, both of us were amazed at just how crispy the potatoes are and yet not burnt. There were some burnt pieces but the potatoes themselves were cooked perfectly. 
The crab scramble was simply exquisite. The crabmeat and scrambled eggs were perfectly mixed together so that every bite contained just the right amount of crabmeat and egg. The flavors married together into perfect bliss. The mushroom and egg white plate also had a good flavor. 
The service was good. Our server was busy -- this place is quite popular, as I said -- yet she did a good job of keeping our waters and my coffee full.I LOVE this place! They have many options for both vegans and non-vegans (or carnivores as my waiter called us). I greatly appreciated how patient they were with my indecisiveness. Ultimately, we split the cave breakfast and the chia pudding. I think the paleo pancakes were probably my favorite part, but everything was excellent!There's a couple vegan options on the menu that are excellent, very happy with the staff and service. For a brand new business, they are off to a great start. If you're looking to try vegan here, I recommend the vegan sandwich, it was delicious!This place is a delight! New Orleans has a ton of great food options--but this is the only place we visited twice. 
The menu has offerings for everyone (which is tough when you're traveling with a picky carnivore and a vegan). The food is straightforward and fresh. 
Don't miss the crisp potatoes! Everything we had was yummy. And all the drinks are delicious. I had a London Fog, Chai Latte, and a cappuccino. My husband loved the black tea with orange, and my friend had the cold brew. 
Service is warm and friendly and the restaurant itself is lovely and bright. My friend an I loved this place so much, we bought shirts. 
There's a ton of attention to detail at Bearcat from the food to the drinks and the decor. Check it out!Was not real excited at first with the long wait at over an hour and the menu did not seem that appealing because it highlighted the vegan and vegetarian lifestyle, which I never had good experiences with. My friends who live in New Orleans swore by the food, however, and the constant flow of customers coming and leaving had me interested. The menu is a single handout with a dozen entrees for breakfast on one side and on the other side are a dozen entrees for lunch. Vegetarian and "healthier" options are under the "good cat" category and the meats and fried options are under "bad cat". The service was really great with a knowledgeable and attentive staff. We started off with a side of biscuits with pepper jelly, which were average. I ordered off the bad cat menu and got the hot chicken sandwich, which was highly recommended by our waitress. It was a really delicious piece of fried chicken that was packed with flavor and a good kick of spice. It came with house fried potatoes that were also really good. Some of the best potatoes I've ever had actually. The only thing was by the end of the meal, all the grease and oil consumed will hit you and make you feel like you should have ordered off the good cat menu. I still really enjoyed the flavors and dish overall. My friends enjoyed their meals too and everyone left really happy and satisfied. The food here is filling and will leave you full for the rest of the day. This isn't a great place for a large group so be prepared to split into groups of 4 at most and also expect a wait especially on weekends. Definitely worth checking out if you the time and in the area.Great place for vegans and meat eaters alike. We went for breakfast and had a completely plant based meal. It was delicious and we'll definitely be back!actually, no stars.
i went there about a month ago. we walked in and asked for an outdoor table.  one of the waitresses was about to seat us when a manager came over and rudely told her no. he then told us no outdoor tables were available and sat us at a small two top. i guess they wanted to save the outdoor table for a party of four. after waiting to place our drink order for five minutes and getting no service, we left and went to wayfare.First time my wife and I went, we were ok with the food and price. Decided to go back a second time to see if it was better. 
Medium length black hair on top of my scrambled eggs. 
Won't go back.I think the food is okay, nothing special or rememberable. I had the shrimp and grits and my date had the hot chicken. The shrimp and grits was very good. It was very flavorful and came with huge shrimps. My date's hot chicken was a hot mess though. It was so bad, he only ate a few bites. I also took a few bites and agreed it was very bad. It's probably worst than my cooking. The chicken has a spicy and super salty flavor. It was such an odd seasoning. However, the worst part was there were tons of sauce dripping out of the burger which made it so soggy and nasty. I also ordered their latte and it was very good. Decoration and design is very cute. I might come back for the lattes only.What I want from every restaurant: a balanced menu between vegan and non-vegan options! 
This one delivers. Located on a side street near the Oschner Baptist hospital, there is plenty of on street and lot parking. Ample porch space for outdoor seating and a good sized place inside. 
We arrived about 12:35 on a Tuesday and with a party of four, it looked like there was one table open - so perfect for us. Had coffees first (no brunch bevs /alcohol btw) then the vegan queso app, which everyone enjoyed even the non-vegans. 
I (the vegan) had so much trouble deciding on my dish but eventually went with the portobello melt. It was delicious - but the standout in that particular dish were the potatoes. Who knew they could be so perfectly crispy and good? These were exceptional potatoes that really, really stood out. They used many varieties of special mushrooms in the dish which was a nice touch. 
Everyone else loved their dishes and serving sizes were ample. You can order from breakfast or lunch side of menu during lunch time. I just really appreciate a place that balances in a reasonable way vegan with non vegan options (you know, treating plant based diets as a normalized choice!) and the fact this place made it all tasty makes it one on my list to return to.Sooo this restaurant was the bomb for breakfast.  I ordered eggs, potatoes and black bean sausage.  The food was really good.  The potatoes were amazing.  They were well seasoned and I couldn't get enough of them.  The pancakes were delicious. I was so full, I took my pancakes back to the house and ate them later.  I really loved that it was vegetarian friendly.  I would definitely recommend this spot for breakfast or brunch.We got in early for Sunday breakfast and didn't have an issue getting a table right away, but not 30 minutes after we arrived the place was on a wait.  The food was amazing and my cafe au lait was perfect.  It was a little loud, I think it would be helpful if they hung some noise-absorbing panels from the ceiling.My new favorite place for breakfast in NOLA! The first, and most important, thing is their coffee is awesome. The biscuit with the pepper jelly and compound butter is an absolute must every time you go. I had the breakfast club as my meal, everything was cooked perfectly, the tomatoes tasted home grown, and the sourdough bread was delicious. I love the texture of the crisp potatoes, but my one criticism of my whole experience would be the seasoning on the potatoes, I would prefer them simple, salt, pepper, and fry! The service was excellent, the GM even participated in service and chatted with us briefly about the background of the building and restaurant. I love the feel of the place with the cool industrial metals, warm cypress wood, and pops of green from live plants all over. I appreciate their uses of mason jars as decor and storage. Also, their rustic plates and cups are neat. Oh, and I love the two areas with sofas, if I lived nearby I would make that space my office! I really can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu!My first visit was a good experience. The wait was supposed to be 20 minutes we were sitting within 10 minutes. So many people must not know that there are two great comfortable spots to wait inside instead in the heat outside. In the front by the window is a comfy sofa and in the back of the restaurant is a nice waiting area. We ordered a delicious breakfast. I had the blueberry pancakes that was so good & filling. My hubby ordered eggs, crispy potatoes & grits. We enjoyed everything. The place is a bit loud but all was good.Amazing every single time. The pancakes are some of he best I have ever had. Love the atmosphere, and speciality drinks/ lemonades.A nice modern space with delicious food. The staff were super nice and courteous. I went to the bad cat side, and had myself a full breakfast. Their sausage is bomb, you can tell they make it themselves. The potatoes also stood out--slightly crunchy and full of flavour. I also got one of their house made kombuchas to go, smooth and slightly sweet.After such stellar reviews I was expecting a lot...and was sorely disappointed. 
Wait wasn't too bad for a weekend, but after ordering our food it wasn't delivered for over an hour! Waiter couldn't be bothered to check on us (maybe he was embarrassed about the extreme wait for our food?) 
Once food arrived we were underwhelmed. Bland, lukewarm and greasy. The only positive is the coffee was fantastic. 
We won't be returning; there are better options in New Orleans.Love this place. I went there this morning for breakfast with my husband. There were a lot of people standing outside so we assumed there was a long wait. Turns out it there wasn't! We were sat right away and chose to sit by the bar. They have a bunch of vegan/vegetarian and meat-eater options. I got the Shrimp and Grits and my husband got the Vegan Ranchero. They also have a wide selection of house made juices, kombutcha, and teas. I'd recommend the cucumber mint lemonade. The bar is situated right in front of the kitchen so you get to see all the tasty plates coming out before yours is ready. The food was delicious, the staff were pleasant and welcoming, and the price didn't break the bank. Definitely going back soon.Did I want to be a good cat or a bad cat?  That was the dilemma.
I resolved it by going bad cat with the blueberry pancakes.  Light as a cloud, creamy from the ricotta, and vanilla notes.  Supposedly there also was lime, but I didn't taste it. Then those wonderful blueberries scattered about.  
So then I decided to atone for the pancakes with the vegan quesadilla.
(Good cat.)  Deep earthy flavor from the mushrooms, sweet caramelized onion, quest fresco, avocado, sandwiched into a  tortilla.  You don't concede taste to be "good."
All washed down by their delicious coffee.
Another great NOLA restaurant to start your day.Went to brunch here and ordered the Bison Burger. They gave not one, but two patties! It was extremely juicy and tender. The creole tomato sauce was something else. The potatoes were alright. Some potatoes tasted a bit burnt, though I liked the crispy pieces that were in between perfection and burnt. I had the basil black tea, which basically tasted like Thai tea. It was a good complement to the meal and refreshing for a hot day. My experience with Bearcat has just begun. Service was great. I would absolutely come back here to try the breakfast items. They didn't mind we had our work sprawled out all over the tables. They caught on and used our work papers as coffee coasters.Don't be fooled by the surrounding area. This was a highlight of my time in New Orleans. The espresso is fantastic!!! Make sure to try the breakfast potatoes :)I had Brunch at Bearcat with two friends. This was my first time at the restaurant. The wait for a table was about 30 minutes, but this is expected since the place is new and trendy.  The place is upscale. I ordered the Bearcat Breakfast. It included two eggs, bison sausage, and potatoes. I substituted cauliflower for the potatoes since I'm on a diet (ugh). It turns out that the cauliflower was my favorite dish. The cauliflower was prepared with pesto, lemon, and pine nuts. Yum!Large vegetarian menu that takes up the "good cat" side of the menu...we took no part of it as we are raging carnivores.  I had the Cat Daddy Biscuit which was amazing...everything was cooked perfectly, the sauce was yummy, and the portion was big for being on the "small" section of the menu.  My husband had the Bearcat Breakfast which he enjoyed.  I tried some of the potatoes that came in his meal and it was so delicious.  Kiddo got a short stack w/fruit which included 2 large pancakes and berries...our toddler ate most of his meal and ate the leftover on our way home.  I got their coconut milk cold brew to drink and it was not something I'd order again...there was nothing I could do to make it taste good.  The hostess was friendly...told 45 mins wait on a Sunday around noon but got a table after a quick 20 min wait on their couch.  Bright space with outdoor seating.Having eaten in for breakfast, I can conclude that I am decidedly on the "good cat" side of their dichotomous menu, which features various health food options alongside more indulgent brunch plates. Their vegan bearcat breakfast is a rather impressive creation, featuring what they call "black bean sausages" along with potatoes and scrambled tofu instead of eggs. It was all quite satisfying, and the sort of thing you'll struggle to find vegetarian in New Orleans, and I was quite well nourished for the day. A chai latte sweetened things up nicely.
I would caution any visitor to watch out for crowds at peak times, but go on a weekday if you're in the area. They are not open for dinner per se but offer various pop-ups at times, and I would be happy to give those a shot as well.Place has a great atmosphere with a very cool vibe. It was a busy Sunday morning but our service was very good. Staff was attentive and friendly. We all enjoyed our meal. Obviously prepared with fresh ingredients by a talented staff.Great new little breakfast spot right off Freret! Service was great! The manager made sure to stop by our table to ask how everything was! Menu was amazing, can't wait to go back and try something else in the menu - however the breakfast club will be hard to match!Bearcat was fantastic. We're a chatty trio. Once the food hit the table and we took our first bites, there was dead silence. My son had the kids chicken tenders, ate a good amount of it and we came home with leftovers. Our server was amazingly attentive (Kevin, I believe) and even told me when my phone was going to fall out of my pocket. My partner had the brisket hash and I had the shrimp + grits- our meals were fantastic! Well seasoned, well executed and super fresh. I'm going to take everything in me to stay productive today. Nap time is calling me.This place is the best restaurant in the Freret Corridor (and that says a lot). The breakfast is off the charts. It's a bonus that they have healthy options as well. #grrmeowGreat almond milk cappuccino. I've had it on multiple occasions and it always has great flavor and thick foam. It is hard to find a barista who can make a good cappuccino with almond milk.Bearcat is home to some delicious brunch! 
My friend and I came here on a Friday morning and were seated within 5 minutes. For drinks, I had the Cold Brew, which was perfectly balanced. My friend had the Matcha Latte, which she really enjoyed (and which came with some great latte art!)
To eat, we shared the Vegan Bearcat (Tofu scramble served with crispy potatoes and black bean sausage) and Vegan Rancheros (Sweet potato tortilla with black beans, house salsa, avocado, and cashew crema). Both dishes were delicious! 
If I find myself in New Orleans again, I definitely want to go back to Bearcat and try some of the other delicious-looking breakfast food menu items, as well as their house-made bottled drinks.My new favorite Brunch place for when I am feeling healthy and down and dirty!
Ambiance: Located in walking distance from Ochsner Baptist, Bearcat is on an elevated platform that leads into a modern, chic space. There is a nice outdoor patio for warmer days and a resident cute tabby when we were there. Inside, there are couches by the front windows and the back near the bathroom for some relaxation. There are also wooden tables and half booths in the main dining area with a full view of the open kitchen bar. The overall space was just very clean, well lit, and simple with a Seattle hipster vibe. 
Food: YUM. We got the bottled Guava Mint Green Tea and the Thai Basil Black Tea. While the Guava Mint Green Tea was little more light and refreshing, the Thai Basil Black Tea was more sweet and creamy like a Thai Tea. However, both was absolutely delicious and I cannot wait to return to try their other flavors as well. Onto our entrees! With recommendations from our waiter, we ordered the Scottish Salmon, Shrimp and Grits, Cat Daddy Biscuit, and the Chia Pudding. Wow. It has really been a long time since I can say that every single dish was on point and phenomenal. The Scottish Salmon was crisp on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. Paired with a delicious avocado cream, it tasted like a healthy, savory indulgence, allowing me to forget it was on the "Bad" Cat side. The Cat Daddy Biscuit was a true Cajun dish with a perfectly fried, battered chicken tender on top of a biscuit with savory and flavorful gravy and it was all topped by a delicious egg sunny side up. Definitely a heavy breakfast dish that made my stomach and palate sing of fullness and happiness. The sogginess of the biscuit paired perfectly with the still crispiness of the chicken tender. I am not a fan of grits but wow was the Shrimp and Grits a smash hit. I would even say it is comparable to Surrey's and gives it a run for its money. The sauce was a savory, cream, and again Cajun taste poured on top of soft, tender grits. I could not taste the grains of the grits and that was a huge plus for me. The shrimp tasted fresh and added a simple seafood taste. It also had some wheat bread to make the dish less heavy and less guilty of the richness. Finally but definitely not least, we had the Chia Pudding. My goodness. Wow. It was such a great blend of fruits from blueberries to kiwis to strawberries to grapes to cherries to peaches. All were sweet and freshly cut, placed on top of granola and the chia pudding. The perfect healthy summer dish that made all the other dishes a little less guilty. 
Service: Our waiter was phenomenal! He was friendly, polite, and had amazing recommendations for us. He catered to our food "feelings" on his recommendations and were speedy with delivering food. He cleared the dishes quickly and efficiently and made sure our water was never empty. He also asked us numerous times if we were doing okay. He also noted that we had wanted the Chia Pudding and gave it to us when the kitchen made an extra one. Excellent service!
Final thoughts: From the more savory, heavy dishes to the lighter, healthier options, I was very satisfied with each and every dish. They had dishes for the indulgent and the healthy. The teas were both randomly picked and yet both were delicious and uniquely wonderful as well. I loved them all! The ambiance was clean, chic and modern and service was excellent. Highly, highly recommended and definitely one of my top 5 favorite restaurants in the city!Cute place. My food (vegan quesadilla) was tasty, but my brother's look meh. He had the rancheros and it was mostly just black beans. The fried pickled okra was on point though. Our server seemed generally confused. The kitchen staff was screaming at the servers from the open kitchen. But the menu was diverse, so I feel like I could take a crowd there and everyone would be happy.I've worked in the service industry for over 10 years and I don't know if I've ever been this satisfied. Bearcat is such a beautiful place. The atmosphere is clean and warm. The presentation of everything is beyond stunning. The food and drinks are served on these handmade pottery dishes and it just made me feel so at home. I couldn't stop staring at them. The food is divine. The service was exceptional. Our server was so attentive and aware of our needs. The manager was kind and compassionate. This place made me start my day in such a beautiful way. Thank you Bearcat!Super yummy solid vegan options!!! Wish they offered a vegan pancake dish - but still, super good food! Service was also very good!I am a vegan and the food here is phenomenal!! There were plenty of choices and I will be back and bring my vegan and non vegan friends and family!!One of the best meals I had in NOLA over a week-long stay, beating out some of the fine dining and award winning restaurants.  They have a smart menu with healthier (good cat) and indulgent (bad cat) offerings.  My husband and I both went "bad", I got the Cat Daddy fried chicken thighs with crawfish gravy over biscuits and he got the Shrimp & Grits.  Both dishes were out of this world good, they were plated with care and you could taste every ingredient in the best way.  Service was also top notch.  We didn't finish our meals and we were literally full the entire day.  Wish I had a chance to make it back to try more of the menu, definitely on our list for any future trips.
It was less than a 30 minute bus ride from the quarter, but you can also take the street car for a more scenic route.The food here is ahhhhhhmazing! 
When you wanna treat your body right and a little bad at the same time.
When you wanna be slim thick, so you order a chia seed pudding bowl with a 'side' of shrimp & grits. 
Then you feel guilty for eating the shrimp & grits so you decide to try some (more like half) of your fiancé's house-made yogurt w/ granola. 
But the pancakes he ordered are screaming at you & the only way to shut them up is eat em.. so you do what you gotta do.....  
Lawd, I do not regret one bite. Everything we tried was on point! Will def be back to try more items.
Beautiful space, great food, and even better energy!This place is amazing. We were greeted outside the door by a sweet lady. Customer service is great, everyone is so nice here. I like that they serve you water when seated. I recommend getting the Cat Daddy Biscuit! The biscuit was so fluffy and moist. The chicken was crispy, juicy and flavorful. And the creamy crawfish sauce on top made it even better. I was scared to try the vegan queso because I'm a picky eater, but it was so good. This is the go to spot when my friend and I go out for brunch, we leave satisfied every time.Being allergic to wheat, I was immediately attracted to the paleo pancakes and clearly labeled menu.  Naturally I chose the Bearcat breakfast w/ the paleo pancakes which were quite tasty. The potato's were also a hit and the coffee there is amazing. I was disappointed that my eggs were over cooked (got them scrambled but they had been left on the heat too long and burned at the bottom) same for my boyfriends meal, he of course got the regular pancakes, which he was very happy about. But his eggs were burned also.Wonderful! A new place that is veg-friendly!! You know I had to check this place out. 
It's absolutely what I expected, and I left with a satisfied tummy and contentment. 
The location is pretty close to Freret St. (basically on the corner), & they have Wi-Fi for those who want to come here to study and grab a bite. 
The atmosphere was so dainty, chic, and clean. There were hints of greenery, as there were plant pots along the wall. 
Their whole theme of the "bad" and  "good" cat menu is so amusing, but it's helpful for those who want to narrow down their healthy vs. unhealthier options. 
There are plenty of vegan dishes that are not boring, flavorless, or a "side dish". 
I had the farro bowl, and it was filling and super flavorful. There were pieces of nori in it, some sort of pieces of nuts, and black beans. It was basically like your typical idea of a "buddha bowl".
The vegan sandwich, which was also really good. The pesto was tasty, along with their caramelized onions/tomatoes, and etc. that is stuffed in the sandwich. The potatoes that came with it were BOMB. Maybe because I barely eat garlicy potatoes often, but sheesh, they were good. 
Also, they have various drinks, and I noticed they had different types of lemonades like strawberry and cucumber mint. I had the regular lemonade, and it was refreshing. It tasted light, instead of those syrupy/heavier types of lemonades. It was packaged in a cute glass bottle. 
They also have this chai + almond milk drink (for those who are lactose-intolerant/vegan), which is super cool!! 
Overall, love this place. Check it out! The service was great, and they constantly checked on my friends and I.Amazing for me (vegan) and my boyfriend (nonvegan)! We love this place so much!Maaaaaan! Very few times in my dining experience have I felt so inclined to tip not only my server, but the kitchen staff as well. I typically "To Insure Prompt Service" with the hopes in mind that the wait staff does tip out their kitchen as well. I mean, they are the ones responsible for why restaurants become your favorites. Outta sight, outta mind tho, right? Not here. The kitchen is right in eye-sight set in this new, trendy corridor of Freret st. 
I've been meaning to step in here for a good while, and it was all too long of a wait before it happened. Even though we walked in just about an hour before closing, we were still met with good service and some truly delicious meals. 
I ordered the bison burger which was cooked to medium-rare perfection however my girl got the "Cat Daddy" and I almost ordered another one for myself it was so...damn...GOOD! I mean, they have an all-day breakfast menu, what's not to love here?! Everything on the menu sounded amazing and there's plenty of options for vegans too. I'm so ready to get back and try everything!Been there twice during my visit to NOLA.   Definitely one of my favorite spot.   Good coffee and great food.This place had potential with the cute atmosphere and incorporating two menus (vegan and non-vegan) but the food was disappointing.Awesome food, with solid, local ingredients. The healthy and less healthy options is a cool concept. Great for vegetarians, too. And they have wonderful people working there!I had the Vegan Bearcat and it was very good. Loved the tofu scramble and potatoes. They also have a large selection of fresh juices.This place is amazing. We stopped in for a quick coffee on our way to yoga (ps there's a great looking studio up above the cafe but they weren't open yet the morning we visited.). The food menu looked delicious, including vegan and paleo options, and the coffees are so delicious. I got a coconut milk cappuccino and they actually make their own coconut milk here. It was delicious and creamy and they even had coconut nectar for sweetening. Everyone was super friendly too. I don't live in NoLa but I'll definitely be back next time I visit.Just go. I cried a little it was so good. Split the vegan quesadilla and vegan ranchero with my friend, 10/10 recommend.Not that this place needs anymore praise, but I am compelled nonetheless. I was particularly blown away today when I was seated at the bar and had an opportunity to observe the line (it is an open kitchen). The kitchen staff were among the most professional I have seen. It was really busy and for those guys to be back there busting ass, working as a team, paying attention to detail, and keeping communication light and professional for the sake of the customers is amazing. Great job!  Who ever does the recruiting has an eye for talent.  Food and service top notch.Great atmosphere and a decent, walkable distance from Loyola & Tulane. The waitstaff was friendly, and the food was really good with many healthy options.Love this place! Organic farm to table amazing brunch spot! Come eat here ..love the omelet & potatos. Super unique plate combos, reasonable pricing awesome vibe, friendly staff & super cool owners!Found this awesome hipster gem! Great paleo options. I ordered the bearcat breakfast (2 eggs, bacon, crispy potatoes and paleo pancakes). Hubby got the brisket hash (the gluten free option). We also ordered a side of bison sausage. Food was AMAZING! The crispy potatoes were the star performer. Would definitely come back! Lots of gluten free and vegan options as well.The best brunch I've ever had! Flavor was on point, temperature of the food and presentation was there as well. We ordered the pork chops, shrimp and grits, and cat daddy fried chicken. I could not have been happier with our selection. We had 2 babies with us and our seating situation was accommodating. They also had bottled teas and coffee, a little on the bland side in my opinion but still refreshing none the less. One downside to the visit was the chia seed pudding, a little too dry to our liking. Maybe add a side of almond milk to allow customers to add more if they wanted.I would not recommned. First the service was terrible. We asked if we could please sit outside. The hostess said no because we were a group of 2 and there were only "4 tops available outside" and they "wanted to reserve those for groups of 4." However, there were 6 open tables on the inside and 2 open tables on the outside that remained opened the entirety of the meal. That being said, we could have sat at one of the outside tables and then there would still have been 1 empty outside table and 7 empty inside tables.
Second, the food was not great. I'm happy they have food that is accommodating but there is a certain way to do it without making it bland. I got the tofu scramble. The tofu pieces were too big so they didn't have much seasoning or flavor. However what the tofu lost in flavor, the potatoes found because they were overly seasoned, greasy, and overly fried. Additionally the black bean patties were incredibley mushy and I couldn't even eat them. I only give this place 2 stars because the matcha late was actually quite good. 
However, I will probably not go back and won't recommend to my friends.Great spot for vegan options! Took a $10 Uber from Harrahs each way and it was worth it! We split the Vegan Bearcat and Vegan Quesadilla. The BC was good overall but the 'Dilla was great! Great service and friendly staff. Will be back!Love this place. I went there this morning for breakfast with my husband. There were a lot of people standing outside so we assumed there was a long wait. Turns out it there wasn't! We were sat right away and chose to sit by the bar. They have a bunch of vegan/vegetarian and meat-eater options. I got the Shrimp and Grits and my husband got the Vegan Ranchero. They also have a wide selection of house made juices, kombutcha, and tea. Id recommend the cucmumber mint lemonThe bar is situated right in front of the kitchen so you get to see all the tasty plates coming out before yours is ready. The food was delicious, the staff were pleasant and welcoming, and the price didn't break the bank. Definitely going back soon.
Update went again still awesome here are some more pics!HOLY MOLY if you have a free morning or afternoon and want to consume the yummiest food you've ever put into your body, GO TO BEARCAT! Nom. I will warn you that you may experience a severe food coma and/or sadness once you've finished your meal because it's all gone.
I went to Bearcat with a group of girlfriends. We all ordered different things and not one of us complained. The atmosphere is super chill but is also with the times (cute neon sign near bathroom, beautiful pottery used for dishes and cups, etc.) I had the benedict with a bay shrimp gravy. I will never eat something as beautiful as this meal. 
Also, their instagram is adorable and I highly recommend you follow.I always have a good experience here. The first time I had the potatoes I made a sound that I am not particularly proud of. I'm actually eating the vegan breakfast sandwich right now and tbh the mushrooms make the sandwich virtually impossible to eat but I'm eating it with a fork and knife and I ain't even mad because it tastes so good. I love their mugs and plates, and the space is so open and welcoming. I'll be back soon!This place just opened and is SO GOOD. Servers are extremely friendly, and the food is affordable, unique and deliciously prepared. I had the chia seed pudding (which inspired me to start making it at home), and my friend had the crab scramble, served with asparagus. 
I saw that it had just opened up near Freret, but was really just expecting an average breakfast spot. This was so much more than that. I will definitely be returning the next time I'm in New Orleans!A group of 6 of us, including 2 vegans, came to NOLA for a week-long conference and stayed close to Freret. We walked here for breakfast 3 of 5 mornings and LOVED IT!
First, the name. I mean, could it be any better? Second, the menu. They have 'Good Cat' and 'Bad Cat' sections, with delicious food on both sides. The food was amazing, some of the best biscuits I've ever had, and great breakfast standards. The service was great as well, they were always so nice to us and got us coffee 'warm-ups' right when we needed them. There were plenty of options for my vegan friends, as well as plenty of food for meat lovers. Great decoration and ambiance too. 
Would highly recommend for anyone going to New Orleans!5/5 for the mixture of chai latte and chia pudding.
5/5 for the price, staff, and atmosphere.
Oh my oh my. What a wonderful place!!! For the hippie in me, the chia pudding was all I wished for. It was both filling and delicious, and it only got better when I poured some chai latte on top.  The chai latte on its own was rather sweet, but it perfectly complemented the less sweet pudding.  The staff was extremely welcoming and perfectly okay splitting our bill 7 ways.  The atmosphere was pretty modern and sorta warehousey -- a trend we've been seeing across NOLA.This hands down was the most catastic place to grab food my girl is a vegan and I'll eat just about anything but man the burger and crab biscuit at this place plus the potatoes was simply top tier and unexpected to be this great we both left wondering why there isn't more of these ! LolLoved this clean and casual place.  Something for everyone for breakfast, brunch or lunch.  Our party included vegan, vegetarian and omnivores, and we all loved our dishes--the tofu tacos, the black bean mushroom burger, and the breakfast club sandwich.  Friendly attentive service and really great cooking, with well balanced flavors and spot-on execution.  Prices were fair for the quality, though we spent $55 on lunch much for three, which included two cold coffees.  That's not an everyday lunch in my book.  A good splurge choice!This is our new favorite breakfast spot. We come at least once a weekend.  Best service and breakfast/brunch/ lunch around!In a city full of great restaurants and even fuller of great brunch places Bearcat Cafe stands out. Everyone can find something here - vegetarian, vegan even paleo diets are well represented on the menus here. My party ended up doing a pretty good coverage of the menu - no mean feat by the way - and there was nothing there that was less than amazing. Not quite sure how paleo pancakes work but they do work. 
The separate the menu between "good cat" and "bad cat" - basically healthy and not so healthy or, if you prefer, indulgent. The latter is represented by the protein and cholesterol staples of sausage and bacon and the former by more grains fruits and greens. It's an even split so you're guaranteed to find something.
Everything about the decor screams cool, as well, from the layout of the interior with the exposed kitchen to the home-thrown crockery that your coffee comes in. Speaking of coffee I need to find out where they get their coffee from, it was some of the best restaurant coffee I've had in a long time that didn't come from a dedicated coffee shop.
Be warned this place fills up fast. Get in early or be prepared for a bit of a wait.One of my absolute fav places to go on Freret St. kind staff members, delicious goods on both sides of the menu. 
I am obsessed with the homemade coconut milk. Works great in my latte!We were in town from Houston for business and looking for a breakfast spot that could get me a healthy yet delicious meal and my husband the hearty breakfast he likes. Good coffee was also a must. When I came across Bearcat, I could tell it was a perfect fit. 
I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived to find a very trendy interior, or what I call "bloggable". The menu concept is super fun with  "bad cat" and "good cat" options. I looved the little cat illustrations! I ended up ordering the homemade granola and yogurt, a cappuccino, and a chicken biscuit- so a little good cat and bad cat. My husband ordered the breakfast club and a vanilla cold brew. 
I was very surprised when I received my chicken biscuit, that it was fried chicken! Also, the portion was very generous for $6. My husband's breakfast club was very tasty (and messy). The side potatoes had very nice seasoning and we guessed cooked in some yummy bacon fat. The granola parfait had a lovely fruit medley. We both also really enjoyed our coffees. 
The service staff was all very friendly and attentive. The only note I do have is: it is very noisy inside! They need to bring in some sound deadening elements to the space. 
All in all, the food was tasty, the service was great, and the ambience was cool.My friends and I have been hearing about bearcat for a while now and finally had time to stop by and try it! We went inside and were greeted right away. Sat outside under their covered patio because my friend brought her dog. Our server came and brought us all waters and gave us a little time to look at the drink options, which by the way, are expansive! We opted for an array of Thai basil black tea, mango lemonade, iced matcha green tea, and a hibiscus blueberry tea. Notably, all the drinks are not very sweet but I liked it that way. They were all very refreshing and we were also offered a bottle of simple syrup to sweeten our own drinks if we liked. 
Now on to the food: they offer breakfast all day and also have a lunch menu! The menu is divided into a "good cat" and "bad cat" side. Good cat I believe features the healthier vegan/vegetarian options while bad cat are the regular food options. My party all ordered from the breakfast menu and shared everything including the bearcat breakfast (eggs cooked your way, choice of bison sausage or bacon, potatoes) you can add pancakes for +$4 or paleo pancakes for +$6. You can also choose plain, banana, or blueberry pancakes. we also got shrimp and grits and the crab scramble. Everything tasted nice and fresh! Well seasoned and it came out hot. I enjoyed my bearcat breakfast. Pancakes were fluffy, bacon was thick, and the potatoes were SOOO good and crispy. The one bite I had of the crab scramble was very good. My friend enjoyed her shrimp and grits, sauce was divine! 
Overall, portions are great and price is on par. The service was fast and friendly. The ambiance was very relaxed and it felt like a nice place to grab brunch and chat with some friends as there are couches inside as well. I'll be back to hopefully try more of their menu!Look...I did not want to review this place and have it more crowded as it's one of NOLA's best hidden gems.  I've gone here a few times already and it's just been absolutely perfection each time.  If you are looking for a great Breakfast, Lunch, or Brunch spot, it's the place for you.  They have things like a crabmeat omelette, shrimp and grits, and Brisket hash.  Literally everything that I have tried has been a home run there.  They use the freshest ingredients and you can taste it.  I love how the menu is balance with Good Cat and Bad Cat....i'm sorry but its hard to order anything on the Good Cat menu after you take a look at the Bad Cat menu.  I hope that it never turns into a place like Surreys and Stanley's where you have to wait an hour to get a table.  If you are looking for a super cute place to eat where the food is consistently awesome, this is the place for you.Just when you think a crawfish covered breakfast  biscuit doesn't exist, you find one at The Bearcat Cafe! A modern eatery in the Garden District that's full of deliciousness. I highly recommend it for the great food and friendly service!Such a great spot . My best friend is vegan and I'm not so it's tricky to find good spots for us both to eat at . The menu is so cute it's split down the middle vegan and non vegan options . Our server Logan was such a sweet heart and the food was delicious !! 
Def a place to try :)We were so excited about this place because of all our friends' experience but we ended up leaving upset and unsatisfied. First of all we waited for an hour and a half to get sat for 4 people when they had 5 tables and a whole bar open. Then after that long wait we were finally sat. Our server was not menu knowledgeable. We waited 35 minutes for our food to come out. The tables that were sat after us ate and already left by the time we got our food. 
My friends said their meals were okay. However my bison burger came out raw so they quickly cooked another one for me. The owner paid for my food and apologized. Our server was unapologetic but it's not her fault that my food came out raw. 
Also, the kitchen staff is in view and they were not wearing gloves or hats when cooking which I believe is a health code violation and gross. 
This place definitely needs a lot of work and better service. 
The best part about it was the minty soap in the women's bathroom. The plants were also cute. Matcha latte is good but don't get it with coconut milk.Disclaimer:  I'm a foodie and I never give 5 star reviews, I mean what if something better comes along right?  However, as far as breakfast goes, this is the best I've had in my 36 years of existence.  This place is the new "Flagship Breakfast Joint" for me, in fact they should just rename it.
If you're looking to treat your taste buds, look no further than the Bearcat Breakfast w/bison sausage and pancakes.  The bison sausage and potatoes are amazing, don't do as I did and judge them off their looks though--bits into them and let the saliva flow as it was intended to do. The coffee is  fresh pressed (you can taste the fruit of the bean) pancakes are  made from scratch, no artificial conveyer belt flavor (this isn't IHOP)and even the butter taste like they churned it in the kitchen then slapped on my plate. 
The service was awesome and if you're fortunate you'll get Robert.  He'll great you a genuine smile, place a glass of ice water on your table, memorize your order with precision (soft scrambled), and ensure you're eating what you ordered with full a cup(s).
My only complaint is parking but it's in a residential area so what can you do?  Besides it's worth the walk around the corner.Easily best spot I found as a vegan during my trip to Nola. The people here were so friendly and believed in the community/supporting local small business along with in house juice and coffee that were amazing. I wish I had a place like this near me I would be a regular. The vegan quesadilla was a 5/5Wanted to try somewhere new for breakfast this morning, so I decided to swing through here & they did not disappoint me. I love the set up & atmosphere of the restaurant. I tried the Biscuit Sandwich & it was literally one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had in a while lol .. I recommend this place.Simply the BEST!  You must come here!  The food was amazing and the service was fantastic.  Get the   spicy chicken sandwich, and all the juices were delicious.Bearcat has unique, delicious options with an amazing coffee and tea selection. I was only in New Orleans for 1 week, and I had to visit twice. The vegan options were so good! Those crispy potatoes are worth fighting over!! 
I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone!Super chic, quick service & vegan/vegetarian options. 
I had sort of a high maintenance semi custom order--two eggs + one egg white scrambled & they were totes chill with making it. 
And the iced matcha latte was delish.Food was outstanding but service was far too slow for a busy Sunday morning. Waited almost an hour when was told 35-45 mins. Employees were working hard to accommodate just simply not enough waiters3.5/5 grab a seat at the bar
if i could have my way, i'd eat breakfast at all meals. so i'm glad that i can come in and pretend that i'm being healthy as i slather butter on my bread...and on the solo pancake i ordered on the side. i love the way they do their potatoes, and again, let's pretend it's healthy. i seem to always get the breakfast sando, but the one time i did get one of the sausage options i wasn't too into it. 
the coffee is good, and i really like all their serving ware for some reason. maybe just makes me feel even more at home? i love how much light there is across the entire space, and as long as you're cool with some of the bustle i think you'll enjoy your meal. i think they could rework some of their spacing, the front definitely gets really busy and that couch waiting area is a little weird...Bearcat has been an absolute joy every time I've been.
The wait staff and food are always top-notch, the coffee is always great, and the breakfast all day is my favorite thing in the neighborhood.
It has become a brunch staple for us, and I couldn't be happier!My son and I went here for breakfast and it was fantastic!  He had the shrimp and grits and basically licked the bowl clean.  I had the vegan rancheros and the sweet potato tortillas were the best tortilla substitute that I have ever tried.  We will definitely be coming back!Sooo  good ! Ricotta pancakes and hot chicken biscuit and eggplant coquette. One of the best brunch places uptown. Go check it outVery disappointed. I thought I would give this bougie place a try today for some good brunch food and a hangover cure (I.e. Potatoes, and eggs ) but all We got were overpriced small portions. I am all for good food and willing to pay extra when necessary but never again. They make healthy food look bad. The only thing good about this place was the man who greeted us was nice and the restaurant was open and modern.  My friend got a sausage biscuit sandwich and it was dry and the egg was tasteless. I could have gotten a better sandwich at a local convenient mart. I got the vegan breakfast sandwich.. the bread was soggy and the salad was sub par. And let's not forget about the coffee. It was practically iced tea with all ice.Super packed place!! Loved that they have vegan options although the menu shames the non vegan food! Very good prices overall. I had the crab and eggs and finished my plate before anyone else! Vegan queso was creamy and delicious. Really hipster, industrial feel with chill vibes. On point service! I'm not a vegan but I would not hesitate to visit this place again with my vegan friends!We finally made it to this place and were very excited to try a new breakfast place. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We were sat immediately and ordered from a wide selection of coffees, teas, and specialty drinks. The breakfast menu is broken down by healthy, "bad" and "small" plates. My wife ordered the Cajun gravy biscuit off of the small plate menu. One entire biscuit smothered in crawfish cream gravy in a large bowl was more than enough for a meal. It was delicious and she only allowed me to try one bite because she loved it. I ordered the brisket hash. A plate full of home style breakfast potatoes, a cream cheese sauce, egg in the hole, and hashed brisket came to the table. All aspects of it were amazing. I was offered hot sauce but I didn't need a thing. Everything was seasoned well and delicious and definitely better than my wife's food; therefore I win.
The one aspect of this place I was to highlight is the wait staff. We brought our 9 month old to the restaurant and they were totally accommodating. Another customer gave him a small bowl of the mixed fruit for him to pick on and he made a mess (as nine-months olds do). The staff were totally cool with it and as we were cleaning were told to stop and they will take care of it.
I can't recommend this place enough. We will make it a regular breakfast spot for us.Great food! I was in New Orleans for 8 days and we ate here three times while we were visiting. It's awesome because they have vegan food and regular food as well. The vegan queso and the vegan quesadilla were probably my favorite but honestly it looked like everything was good. My boyfriend had the hot chicken the first day and he loved it. I would definitely recommend to anyone in New Orleans or visiting especially if you're vegan.This place is so fantastic we had to come in twice during our weekend NOLA adventure. The granola & house-made yogurt came loaded with blueberries and was absolutely fantastic. Their matcha latte was perfect and also their special for the day, Cat momma, delightful. You should definitely check these items off their menu. The ambiance is fun, modern...and loud! Service was fast and friendly, so couldn't ask for more.  If you're in New Orleans you should definitely check this place out. Overall, their breakfast and lunch here are so good you'll probably ignore the flies. ;-)I love the concept of this place! They have amazing vegan options for breakfast & lunch "good cat" and the non-vegan options "bad cat". This an amazing idea because it gives everyone options to eat and your vegan isn't stuck eating a salad or a potato like in other restaurants. The vegan & non vegan dishes were equally delicious and creative. The coffee was delicious. I had a cappuccino and other people in my party had the matcha latte which was also very yummy. My only complaint was how loud it was in there that it was hard to have a conversation. We go to New Orleans frequently & this is definitely going to be a new go-to place!I wish I could do half of a star, but I'll round Bearcat up to four. The service was great I'll give them a solid 5/5. Food was cooked very well, they make good food, but their flavor profile is not what I look for it doesn't resonate well with me. Without a doubt, give them a shot, whoever may stumble upon my review you might actually like them. 
My girlfriend got the London Fog, which was pretty good, and I got a double shot of espresso which had a good amount of crema at the top. It's pretty cool how they have a vegan side, and a meat eater friendly side. Wasn't feeling it with their entrees. However, I'd like to wish Bearcat the best of luck!I've lived in the city for five years and have been looking for a diner in this neck of the city with good vegetarian options. This place doesn't disappoint. I had their vegan ranchero (sans huevos, though the staff was so friendly, I'm sure they could add eggs if you wanted them) and couldn't get enough. The cashew crema--whatever that is--was creamy and just sweet enough to punctuate the salty sweet potato tortilla. The tortillas are homemade and seriously delicious.
The menu is cute, sorted into "Good Cat" and "Bad Cat" depending on how healthily you plan on eating. Tea and coffee options looked great, though I didn't partake. 
I was on a time crunch, and it happened to be a Wednesday at 10am, so the staff was friendly and able to get me in and out in 20 minutes. I sat at the bar and had a nice conversation with one of the cooks (chefs?) and my server was lovely. I'll definitely be back.Service was satisfactory. Food was delicious but it took a while to get the food to us. I am always annoyed when restaurants do not make better efforts to serve everyone together at a large table. Half of our table got their food first while the rest waited a good 10-15 minutes for the rest. We were a party of 8. While I enjoyed my strawberry lemonade, I don't enjoy drinking it out of a glass bottle without being offered a glass of ice. Trendy is cool until it sacrifices the comforts of the dining experience. Food doesn't stand out enough to warrant a second chance.Bearcat Cafe is so delicious....but also unbear(cat)ably loud. Please oh please put some panels on the ceiling or use some other means to absorb some of the sound.Food was excellent. Staff was super nice and accommodating. The only suggestion I have is looking into noise reduction panels. The decor is industrial which is hip and looks great, but the noise in the restaurant made it super hard to have a conversation. The High Hat (just down the street) had the same problem, and the sound panels they procured do an amazing job of keeping the noise to a tolerable level.Beautiful, delicious, perfect food. A great combination of worthy indulgences and healthy options that don't feel like punishment. The vegetable omelet was colorful, clean, tasty, and satisfying. And the breakfast potatoes - yum!Delicious breakfast! 
At first I didn't even look on the left side of the menu (good cat) because I don't tend to like food that's labeled as healthy, but the cave breakfast was pointed out to me and I decided to give it a try.
I loved the pork chop. While cooked to a slightly higher temp than I would've liked, I still enjoyed every bite of the chop. The arugula, the romesco, and the cauliflower mash went perfectly with it.
I didn't care for the paleo pancake and probably should've subbed it out for a regular pancake, but I was satisfied after the rest of the breakfast so no complaints there.
My dining companion J enjoyed the bearcat breakfast. Normally I'm Team Bacon but the bison sausage was pretty good.
I'll probably go back but I don't know if I'd be able to try other menu items cuz I really like the cave breakfast.We went one Sunday and were able to just sit down at the bar immediately. I was shocked -- there was a huge line outside and I assumed I'd need to wait longer! Instead, a very polite hostess just sat us at the bar, right near the kitchen. It gave us a great view of what was going on inside, and it makes a lot of sense that Bearcat is so delicious. The place runs like a well oiled machine. 
I got the Bearcat breakfast with their pancakes and bison sausage. It was delicious, healthy, and clearly well made. My dining companion got the Paleo breakfast and he had similar rave reviews. The one thing I wish I could change about this place is how busy it is -- but that's a sign of success, NOT failure! I will definitely be back.This was my favorite meal while visiting New Orleans! I ordered the Cat Daddy and it was amazing!! I tried a little of everyones dish at my table and it was all really good. The only dish that I didn't care for too much was the faro dish, on the healthy part of the menu. It was well executed but not my favorite. They had juices and chai teas that they make and bottle themselves in store, the guava one was pretty good. After eating here we chose to do a walk around the garden district to decompress from all the amazing food we just ate. I highly recommend!Food was excellent! Their grits were delicious and so were their breakfast potatoes. Service was quick and efficient. They even sent me a second egg in a hole because the chef thought the first one wasn't up to par (Even though it was perfect, but hey, I'm not complaining about free seconds). Will definitely be going again.Everything that came to our table was absolutely fantastic! Bacon wrapped dates with almonds served on arugula with balsamic, what!? You can tell they work on all the details of dining down to toasting and buttering the bread perfectly. The service was on top of it and the decor is lovely. Close to a perfect 5 star but it was a little loud and no bloodies, both partly out of their control. Keep it up Bearcat.Very reliable. Often quite busy. Delicious food. Choose from the "good cat" menu or "bad cat" menu. Breakfast all day. No alcohol here.I'll definitely be back to try more stuff! Service could've been better. My nursing school friends and  I came around 12 on a Wednesday and it was still pretty packed. Our server Nick was just okay, he wasn't the friendliest and seemed to kinda rush us out? My friend asked for lemons with her water and he said there weren't any, but when we walked out we saw another waitress grabbing lemons for another table. Uhh okay... 
I thought the inside ambiance and decor were really cute! Only thing i had a problem with were the amount of flies inside. Idk if it was just the day but it really turned me off from my experience there. Aside from that, the food was great! Would recommend the cat daddy (chicken & biscuit with crawfish sauce on top with an egg) awesome flavor! I also got the cold chai + almond milk it reminded me of Christmas! Bc of the cinnamon. I'll probably try the teas next time.Very cozy and beautifully decorated restaurant. The food was delicious. We ordered the vegan bearcat, the bearcat breakfast and the Cajun gravy biscuits. The biscuits were a little cold so it must've been sitting out. The service was ok. Overall I'll definitely stop in again on my next visit to NOLA.Very clean modern decor. The food was well cooked presented and tasted delicious. Will definitely return.All Star/ Five Star meal! If I lived in New Orleans, this place would be on my rotation. Wait be damned. It took forever to get our food after ordering (35+ minutes) but the service  and the food was so delicious it really outweighed waiting; however, this needs to improve.
Vibe: Very open-aired and situated in a neighborhood. Sitting on the steps almost met you felt like part of the neighborhood. The inside was very clean and mirrors a cafe shop. You can see the happenings of the kitchen over the counter. 
Food: I wish I could say I tried more! But I am ecstatic that ordered the crab scramble and everyone at my table followed suit! Why would they not! I opted to change out the sourdough for a biscuit and trust it was the best decision of life! The biscuit was good. Everything was perfect. I really loved the potatoes as the were oh so perfect.  I really and truly loved the crab scramble itself. I highly recommend this place!I absolutely loved this place! Me and my friends went twice in our four day stay. Great menu and lots of vegan/vegetarian options if you're into that stuff! Their pressed juices were also very good. The staff was also great and very inviting. I'll make it a point to go every time I'm in the city.This place is absolutely phenomenal! The breakfast potatoes might be the greatest thing to ever grace my taste buds. I highly recommend the those along with the bison sausage. Also, the chef sent out some biscuits with a pepper jelly glaze...holy cow these are . Definitely my new go to breakfast/brunch spot. Can't wait to go back and try the lunch portion of the menu.I went with my family last week and it was one of the best breakfast I've ever had in Nola. Tasteful and beautiful, I had a very good time.
Furthermore, it is cheaper than most of the café I went and employees were very nice with us.
The only bad point was it was noisy.
But not too bad.
We will go back for sure.We went during lunch hour on a Saturday and the wait was about 45 minutes long which I could definitely understand but what happened next completely just threw me off. Once seated and given our menu by the host I noticed they seated the people who were just coming in, in less than five minutes which I thought maybe the rush was over and they had more coverage so I just brushed it off, but then I realized those people got their drinks and order in before we ever even got to meet our waiter. Honestly I knew I was hangry but I just let that one go and thought maybe our waiter was the other girl cleaning the table right next to us, but no, another couple got seated in that same table she was cleaning and she proceeded to take their drink and food order. At this point it's been a good 15 minutes since we've been seated and no one has helped us so I had to get up and ask the gentlemen who was working the register who our waiter was. He quickly apologized and came over to take our drink order and told us the girl who was suppose to be helping us will no longer be helping us and introduced us to a different waiter. He apologized for overlooking us and comped our drinks which was extremely nice of him. 
Ok now that that's out of the way, the food was good but not great except the potatoes omg out of everything we ate those potatoes were freakin delicious! We got the bearcat breakfast with blueberry pancakes, shrimp and grits, and the crab scramble. Shrimp and grits were a little salty but still very flavorful, the crab scramble had a few crab shells in them but it was good but not something I would come back for. The bearcat breakfast was probably my favorite thing especially with the blueberry pancakes(and more awesome potatoes)! If I were to come back I would definitely want to try their other teas and lattes but maybe I'll come back on a weekday when they're not super busy. I do have to say the service once we got our order taken was awesome but I definitely won't be coming back on a Saturday.Amazing guest service! We came from St Louis Mo and were checking out reviews for this place. The owner, waitress, and kitchen staff asked us how our food was. This brunch/lunch spot is a great choice for meat eaters and vegans. My boyfriend got the vegan quesadilla twice on our trip. The flavors in our food were outstanding. We came in twice and had the same waitress. She remembered us and our meal from the previous trip. The coffee they serve is from Equator, and is specialty grade coffee. They had a small selection of pastries that were all vegan! Lovely atmosphere with natural light and plenty of plants :)
20/10 would recommend!!!!!Off the chain I'm into keto and paleo. They had me covered. I took some young guys in with me I thought they would not like it they loved it. Quality quality quality.Best deep fried crap I've ever had! Love this restaurant! The neighborhood vibe is really cool, and the staff is awesome! There was a bit of wait( 25 mins) for the food, well worth it. I'll happily wait for such an awesome meal. My friend and I ate from the "Bad Cat" side, while my daughter who's vegetarian ordered from the "Good Cat" side. We were all equally impressed and pleased. Our waiter Logan was extremely busy, and still made time to make us feel welcome. We'll definitely be back.Total shit at estimating wait times. Ok if you're not hungry and have 2 hours to chillWOW!! I'm sitting here for the second day in a row and already making plans to come back before we leave NOLA! Fantastic! VEGANS AND VEGETARIANS make this place top priority while you're here. Me and my friends have tried all the Cavan breakfast options and not disappointed with any. Wasn't as much food on the vegan ranchero plate but it was really tasty and if you weren't super hungry it would be perfect. The biscuits are like none I've ever had(maybe it's a southern thing and I'm a California girl) and the sweet pepper jelly on the biscuit OMG I wish they bottled and sold it! I would buy a huge jar to take home with me. I'm so impressed with this place, I can't say enough. Cool vibe. We will be backWe love love this little breakfast place!  Who says healthy can't be delicious?  The staff is super friendly and food is delivered beautifully presented and in a timely manner, the building is new and well maintained and it is in a great spot along Freret Street corridor.  Parking is steps away in the Freret Street lot.  I have tried a few things on the menu and have not been disappointed on each of our visits.  The brussels sprouts salad is so delicious tossed with a mild spicy dressing and topped with orange slices and spiced pecans.  The hashbrowned potatoes are also excellent and perfectly crisped on the outside and tender cooked on the inside, and also well seasoned.  The crab omelet is very well executed as well.  The teas and juices are fresh and refreshing.  Wait staff is very nice and friendly.  There are so many interesting options on the menu to try which keeps us coming back to try more things.Beautiful space, wonderful service and the food was all spot on-crispy breakfast potatoes were as good as the ones my dad used to make for Sunday brunch!There was a long wait, but worth it.  Had the traditional breakfast with paleo pancakes and bison sausage.It's small and has a neighborhood vibe, which was exactly what me and my team (in from Portland, Or on Work trip) we're looking for. The cofffee is great and the food was very good. The hash was maybe the best I've had! It's off the beaten path, but worth it! Great service too!Really enjoyed the soft shell crab daddy biscuit and the locally brewed kombucha!  The crab scramble was great, too. I love checking out local spots, and the Bearcat Cafe doesn't disappoint!Food was very good.  Service, not so much.  Took a very long time to get food, never was asked if we needed refills of our drinks.  If you're on a schedule, keep that in mind.  If you want a leisurely breakfast and conversation, this is great.
Bearcat breakfast and the home-made yogurt w/fruit.  All very good and just the right portions.Decided to try this place after a good gym workout. Parking is available off street but you have to pay for parking. We waited about 20 minutes for a table ( it was Saturday at about 1pm). When we got a table we ordered immediately.... I was so hungry at this point. I ordered the blueberry pancakes and hubby ordered the vegan quesadillas. We ordered cappuccinos too. They have loads of vegan options - which is great. 
The cappuccinos came out immediately. It had a hint of black currant flavor. The mugs it arrived in was quite unique.
34 minutes later and we received our food. What a wait!!! The pancakes hardly had any blueberry syrup and a small dollop of ricotta ( with butter). The taste was um..... average. I could probably make a better pancake. I asked for honey  to add to it because it was dry.
Hubby's vegan quesadilla was really delicious. It was  flavorful. The size portions are quite big and I ended up eating from his quesadillas in the end.
If I had more patience I'll try a few more things on the menu in the future ( and maybe have a pre snack before going). 
The cat logo is super cute though and the vibe is great.SUCH a cute little cafe to dine in on! Everything is cat themed and I LOVE it! On top of that, the food is very delicious and served quickly and kindly. We ordered shrimp and grits and the crab omelette. My boyfriend described it as "exactly how shrimp and grits should be"! Definitely a cute little hole in the wall that's worth checking out! Very nice aesthetic inside the restaurant, good food, and lots of cats!Pleasantly attentive, hard-working, and accommodating staff as I ordered off the restaurant's menu. Some of the best home fry potatoes in town! Not pricy, good attention to portioning. Meal and experience was great except for my coffee order: I wanted only one shot with my cafe mocha but it was insisted that two had to be added because of the type of machine. Next time, just pour out one shot; only reason I didn't give 5 stars. Evidently, it crowds up quickly (for good reason) so come early; but if you have to wait, cushy sofas await inside.Bearcat Cafe was recommended to my group of friends by a local while we were in NO celebrating a birthday. We were so glad that have eaten there. The staff were super, and the food was impeccable. Our group ranged from Pescatarian to Omnivore and we all found something delicious and to our liking. The pancakes and sausage were the biggest hits.This place is absolutely delicious!! It gets very packed so you might have to wait 15 minutes or so (at least in my experience) before being seated, however the wait is very much worth it! This place has both vegan and non-vegan options which was perfect for me (vegan) and my sister & friends (non-vegan). The vegan queso is my favorite starter, the queso is unbelievably tasty. The cauliflower small plate is also good. My friends had a chicken plate that they absolutely loved, and I had the vegan quesadilla that was very good as well. I actually got full off of everything that I ordered, and the quesadilla was a perfect eat for later! Would recommend 10/10 definitely!Went here for Father's Day.  A nice crowd.  The staff was super nice and attentive, especially our waiter who explained everything. Ordered the brisket hash (fabulous), cat daddy biscuit (incredible, filling, massive portion), and the bearcat breakfast with bison sausage (bomb.com). 
On the side, we got a blueberry, regular and paleo pancake. The paleo pancake was okay, tried to be a little healthy, but the regular and blueberry were mouthwatering. Will be back very very soon.My meal came out pipping hot. Food was delish. Everything about my breakfast was excellent. 2 thumbs up for  Bearcat Cafe.A few weeks ago my wife and I were walking our dogs and stumbled upon this place. We have been eagerly anticipating its opening since then. 
We saw that it was open and rushed over for breakfast. When we walked in, we were greeted with enthusiasm and asked if we were taking coffee to go or staying to eat.  We were then walked to our table. 
This place is beautiful. The decor is simple and modern and very well done. 
The restaurant has about 13 tables varying in size. There are about 15 bar stools if you prefer to dine solo, and options for sitting outside on the patio as well. 
The food. Oh my gosh. The food!!! There are vegetarian options/healthy options ("good cat") and meat/heavier/ options will satisfy your sweet tooth ("bad cat"). The menu also boasts a variety of homemade bottled drinks in addition to bottled coke and many caffeinated options. I went with a regular hot coffee and my wife for a hot chocolate.  
After much uncertainty over how I could possibly pick only one thing, I decided on the shrimp and grits. We were given a lagniappe with a biscuit, homemade butter, and pepper jelly while we waited- so delicious! 
The shrimp and grits came in a beautiful handmade bowl and was perfect. The flavor was excellent and the shrimp were cooked to perfection. I wolfed them down faster than I could get a picture of them. The best shrimp and grits I've had in New Orleans, by far. 
My experience here was excellent. I cannot wait to come back over and over again. They open at six am, so I am certain I will  through before work for more of their coffee in the very near future. Thank you, Bearcat Cafe for such a wonderful experience. I'm so happy you're in the neighborhood!Totally excellent breakfast!! 5 star all the way. A hidden gem. I always appreciate homemade hash with beef brisket, and this place has it all. 
Wish I were closer for Mother's Day!Good food, quality ingredients, and great service. Had the Bearcat Breakfast. Chicken breast, Cajun gravy, crawfish, topped with a sunny side up egg, on top of a Paleo pancake.Really great food.  Very happy I came here while visiting NOLA. Buffalo sausage biscuit is melted in my mouth.I would really love to give Bearcat Cafe a 5-star review because the food was extremely great and the waitress was awesome, however the hostess was terrible.
My friends and I got to the restaurant around 11:30-ish, went to the hostess booth to ask how long the wait was for a table for 3. She informed us it would be about a 45 minute wait then we asked her if we could sit at the bar or even outside, because there were tables outside, she told us that the bar was included in the wait time and they weren't serving people outside (despite one table currently being served). So we put our name on the list and we decided to sit at one of the outside tables since they weren't serving the outside tables.
About 45 minutes had passed and we began to notice that groups, who had come in long after we put our name on the wait list, were immediately seated outside. I then walked into the restaurant to speak with the hostess about how much longer it would be before we were seated and served. I then began to tell her that we had been waiting for over 45 minutes, we had asked to be seated outside, and that groups, who had come in after us, were seated before us. She started to give me one excuse after another and then I began to point out all of the flaws in her excuses.
First, told me that they weren't originally serving outside and they started to offer it within the 45 minutes I had already been waiting, I then asked why she didn't ask those who were waiting on the list if they wanted outside seating before others. Then I asked her if we could be seated outside and she told me she needed to ask the 5 parties ahead of us if they wanted outside seating first, I then pointed out that 1-2 groups behind us had already been seated outside before us. Her last excuse was that she didn't have an outside table to accommodate 3 guests and I told her that we were currently sitting at a table for 3 guests. Obviously she was not happy but I ended up being served.
I don't mind waiting to be seated, but I do mind when the hostess does not take the time to offer ALL of the waiting guests the same accommodations as other guests, especially when I had initially asked about it.All around excellent! Very creative and unique menu for New Orleans - breakfast options that are beyond just having 8 different omelette choices. Options for all diets - vegan, vegetarian, and even paleo! I was very impressed that the yogurt, granola, and coconut milk are all house-made. Excellent coffee, beautiful and clean interior with lots of light and plants. Cute little area with sofas to hang out if you're just staying for coffee. And they even have to go house-bottled beverages like kombucha, cold brew with coconut milk, thai basil tea, etc. Such a welcome addition to the New Orleans restaurant scene. I will definitely be back!It's pretty hard for me to find spots that meet my healthy, great taste ,moderate portion  standards but this place hit it dead on. Creative menu that has all the basics with unique twists. The pre made iced coffee beverages are creamy and hit the spot.
I came in a bit complacent and left with entergy and a full but not over full tum. Thanks Bearcat! I will be back for more.Definitely another great brunch spot in New Orleans. We had the banana foster pancake and the cat dad and they were both delicious! The Cajun gravy was delicious. The reviews did not lie!! The only thing was that I barely had any bananas in the pancake and none on the side.   That would be the only thing I would change.  Also, the hostess seating ppl said it was a 25 min wait even though I requested first available seating and there was several empty seats at the cook area that could've easily sat 6-8 ppl. I only had a a party of 2 btw and after she told me I had a 25 min wait, Someone seated me right away.  So if U go, keep and eye out for empty seating regardless what the hostess says.The best pancakes I've had in a long time!!
had breakfast here 3 times.  even when it's busy like for Mother's Day, the food was excellent.Cool vibes and delicious vegan options! Everyone is so nice and has great insight on the menu. I will definitely be back!Delicious! If one word could best describe this place, that would be it. My girlfriend and I were meeting a few friends of ours from out of town today. They wanted to get a tour of New Orleans and eat some delicious food while they're here. Bearcat came to mind and honestly, until today, none of us had ever been there. 
So being that it was all our first time, we figured we'd all take the plunge together. And we were more than satisfied. We went on a great day (Sunday 9/9/18; first home game for the Saints) so we were sat right away. From there, our service took our drinks and also gave us an A-1 tour of the menu. I had their in-house cold brew coffee, gf had the almond milk chai latte and our friends had a drip coffee and cold brew as well. 
We were all pleased with our drinks; gf REALLY loved the chai latte. When we ordered our food I got the Bearcat breakfast (2 eggs over medium, bison sausage, potatoes and 2 blueberry pancakes). And let me tell you, it was all mouthwatering goodness. Those potatoes though... the bomb-dot-com!!! Since the gf is vegan, she had the vegan Bearcat breakfast; which was essentially what I had but vegan-ized (tofu scramble, beets/black beans sausage, potatoes with a side of chia pudding.
Our friends got the Cat Daddy biscuit and a egg white veggie omelet! And both LOVED their choices. Our server made sure that just about everything we asked for (customized or on the menu) was made to our liking. Plus the atmosphere was very inviting and had a great vibe. The yoga studio on top of the restaurant was a nice touch. My gf loves yoga, so to know she can get a yoga session in as well as breakfast all in one space, it's a win/win for her. This place is a vegan and omnivores heaven. We all loved this place and can't wait to return... and tell all our friends about it to!We were very please with our breakfast and coffee! The breakfast potatoes were amazing! Thankful for the paleo/gluten free options for my family with food allergies!I loved this place! We went here relatively early on a weekday so it wasn't crowded at all. We snagged a spot on the lovely front porch and enjoyed watching the neighborhood cats come and go. Our server was very friendly and made sure we had a great experience. I got the vegan ranchero breakfast and it was fantastic! The beans and crema really hit the spot, and the homemade tortilla was a very nice touch. 
Overall, a great experience. I will definitely be back!The coffee was great. The breakfast club sandwich had the fluffiest eggs,  it was delicious!I was recommended to try Bearcat Cate for breakfast by several locals as I was visiting New Orleans from Florida last week. What a great spot! It was so good I had breakfast there two days in a row. I ordered the soft shell crab with crawfish gravy and biscuits the first day, and the black beans with sweet potato tortillas the second day. Both were incredible! The service was very friendly and on point. I had a small conversation with one of the cooks and told him what a great job they were doing. Anyone in the area must try here!Pass - extremely noisy inside- we sat outside, with the flies. 3 wait staff came out to tend to other tables- did not look at us. Greeter/seater had back to door and did no checking to see if we had been served, despite seating other people outside. 
Service = none
Noise = extremely loud
Food = who knows?My go to weekend breakfast spot. It has a bustling atmosphere and great food. The Vegan Ranchero with the sweet potato tortilla is delicious, well seasoned vegan food you will most definitely find here.  Don't get me started on the crispy potatoes!  They are seasoned and fried to perfection (crispy, crunchy goodness).  The only thing this restaurant is missing is a liquor license because I'd love a mimosa with my breakfast.  There is also usually a wait, but the food is prepared fairly quickly (my experience is with their plant based options) and the servers and staff are attentive and helpful.Bearcat Cafe has a really nice aesthetic feel to it, which fits the rustic common theme that most restaurants have in Uptown. It is easy to find since it is decorated with little cats, but blends in very well with houses near by. Personally, I thought it was a worthy visit despite a couple of things. I came with two other friends and we were seated and greeted as soon as we walked through the door.
Our waiter was very nice and friendly, giving great suggestions for bottled drinks. I really liked the service, which was a plus, but the food was okay to me. Bearcat Cafe is more geared towards vegans and gluten-free customers, considering their menu so maybe that's why it didn't appeal that much to me.
I ordered the Bearcat Breakfast with blueberry pancakes. The portion was a lot more than I was expecting, so it was worth the $12 that I spent. When you think of pancakes, it's like a small stack but it took up more space than the other foods. I liked the food, it filled me up quickly but I also got hungry again later. My friends ordered the Bison Burger and the BBQ Pasta. They also got full, but still were a little hungry later. It's fulfilling but also not.
As for drinks, I ordered the chai + almond milk per suggestion and another friend ordered the strawberry lemonade. The chai + almond milk, I recommend--especially if you're a big fan of chai drinks. The strawberry lemonade was more on the acidic side, more sour than mellow/sweet. My friend said he wouldn't get it again when I was about to order it to go.
The atmosphere was good; however, my friend and I were almost always swatting at our food due to a large number of gnats/flies in the building. Maybe it is due to the weather at the moment, the number of plants inside, or because someone might have held the door open and a bunch flew in. But it was kind of distasteful because I'm trying to eat food and there's just a lot of gnats/flies around.What an unexpected and extremely delicious surprise! First, the venue is so inviting as well as staff right when you walk in. Every detail inside from top to bottom, was extremely well thought out. The menu is more then meets the eye. The descriptions of what to order are definitely accurate, but once your dish arrives your mind is blown! The presentation is stunning and the food is obviously made with love and care because each bite gets better then the  last.Had a great brunch here! I ordered the Farro Bowl which was absolutely delicious and tried my friend's biscuit sandwich and potatoes which were great but a little heavy. I really like the concept of good/bad cat menu, it makes it so easy to make healthy choices here. 
Excited to now have lunch and breakfast available! Looking forward to going back soon.The breakfast here is great. Potatoes are the best, nice and crispy but tender. Brisket Hash was awesome paired with the bread with an egg in the hole. Cafe au lait and the London fog we're great to drink as well. 
Only thing that I would say is that it made my girlfriend extremely gassy and we both were farting a lot a couple hours late lolThis is a restaurant that didn't wow me on my first try. Luckily I returned never to be disappointed again.  The chia seed pudding is a go to.  Soft shell crab is to die for.   I recently learned I have a gluten allergy and the menu here has alternatives for almost everything.This place was quite a bit out of our way, but for some reason the power was off to half the city so we escaped.  Very glad we did.  There was a wait and we finally got a seat at the comfy couch to continue our wait after standing by the freezing door for some time.  We were told we could order drinks if we wanted but we both held off.  A little bit later we were seated at the bar where we could watch the goings on.  I'm not sure if it is a plus or minus to watch the man squish the little potatoes through his hands or not.  We got our drinks right away, but it took a bit to get our order in and then took a long time to get our food.  I watched the cook top go from lots of pancakes to none, I was getting concerned.  However one of the many shouted out orders did happen to be ours and our identical meals appeared.  We both got the Bearcat breakfast.  Neither of us are vegetarians or vegans, but looking at all the food I could see the draw, it all looked fantastic.  The little squished potatoes in some kind of awesome seasoning was my favorite, but everything else was really good too.  I especially liked my beet and papaya kombucha I had to drink.  I would definitely come back, though I might figure out when they are slightly less busy.Great place for vegans and non vegans to eat together and stuff for breakfast and lunch! I eat mostly vegan so I really like this place, they have things like chia pudding, tofu scramble quesadillas, vegan queso, a black bean burger, and so much more! I went a few weeks ago and got the tofu scramble quesadilla which is AMAZING! Came with pico and vegan sour cream, ah I loved it! Prices are pretty decent, it's a good location, right off of frerett (however it's spelled) and I had a good experience here and would recommend this place for vegans and non vegans! This place has a "good cat" menu for the vegetarians and a "bad cat" options for the meat eaters xD also wanna say, Every vegan place in New Orleans has something special that you can't find at the other places so definitely go check this out! And those pictures are of the quesadillaThe energy in this place is electric! It is apparent that the owner is making/watching his dreams become a reality & it is so revitalizing to see in person! Great spot, simplistic decor, delicious fresh made/bottled drinks, super cool pottery to eat out of, & even better food! Waitstaff was busy but still extra friendly & efficient! Breakfast potatoes were the best I've EVER HAD! Crispy/crunchy but not at all burnt with SO MUCH FLAVOR! Crab Scramble was also delicious! Do yourself a favor & check this place out before the wait at the door gets as long as it should be for the worth of this place! BEARCAT FOR THE WIN!!!!!!!I'm not a big potato eater.  Their crispy potatoes are AMAZING!!!  I could eat a whole plate of those.  Then, the blueberry pancakes were killer- BIG blueberry flavor.  My wife got a crab scramble that she said was a 10/10.   My daughter Faro Bowl was great.  Edwin, our waiter, gave great suggestions and was super helpful.  
PS- eat the potatoes!!!I went in today for the first time for some food to go! The staff was very polite, and accommodating. The people who helped me were genuine, my food came out fast and tasted great! I'll definitely be back!From the interior to the food and service, this place was great. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I would recommend this place to anyone for a good breakfast/brunch spot!I appreciate this place because it gave me and my crew something extremely valuable: a joke that never died. "At least it's not as bad as Bearcat" we kept saying.
Seriously, though, we came on a weekday for brunch/lunch. Heard they had good vegan options. And vegan options they had. However, the food was so expensive. I'm talking $13 for some black beans (about half a can), a bit of pico de gallo, what I'd call a smidge of "cashew creme," and two tortillas. This meal could literally be made at home for $2, and it wasn't even that good.
The server kept correcting our grammar (as in "you MAY" when we'd ask "can I...?") and came back out asking "So what was the most delicious?"
I guess you could go here if you want overpriced food with a side of pretentiousness, but don't expect to leave with anything other than disappointment and a pocket full of sugar packets.The crawfish croquetta...amazing! This restaurant offers a nice variety of food and it's all delicious. Parking was a little difficult. It seemed to have a fun atmosphere, but I only ordered to go. Prices weren't too bad considering how fresh and tasty my food was.Maybe it was my fault for going on a Sunday at noon for brunch but, my word! The wait was nonsense and the system to call the next person was not ideal. The hostess, unfriendly, simply says to the crowd outside the next person's name on the list and if you don't hear your name in the wind, you're S.O.L. But as far as the food, was it worth the wait? Well, I wouldn't go again - at any point- simply because it's not food I crave BUT that doesn't mean the food wasn't good. Ya feel me? 
I had the vegan ranchero with a side of bison sausage (I know, it makes no sense but ranchero is my fave and the bison sausage sounded cool). My dish was good. It wasn't the best I've had but they also weren't bad. Now, for the bison. The whole time my fiancé and I were waiting, there was a weird poop smell as if I stepped in his dog's feces before we left but I checked my shoes and they were fine. Turns out to be the bison sausage. It's just the smell it has but the taste was fine. Let me know if I'm crazy for thinking that. 
My fiancé had the brisket hash which was also pretty good. Nothing exciting or life changing in this experience. 
Matcha green tea latte was good and the guy who made it was super friendly. 
Overall, the experience wasn't a bad one, just not a 5 star one. It's like any other over-priced uptown breakfast joint. It's a 3 star for being...meh *shoulder shrug*I loved this place because they had so many amazing vegan options to choose from for both breakfast and lunch. We were there for breakfast and it was seriously the best breakfast I've had since going vegan a few years ago. I had the vegan quesadilla and it was amazing! All their vegan cheeses are homemade and you can definitely taste the difference from other restaurants that use prepackaged cheese. 
It's a little on the pricey side but honestly the food was so good I didn't even mind. Worth it. I wish I lived around the area, I would love to go back and try their lunch dishes!Experience was great (Easter Morning) sat us right-away
Food was great / prices excellent.....Highly recommended / will return
PS- coffee was good and StrongIt was an unexpected pleasure to eat such fine food in a very unassuming cafe. I had the crab scramble and my husband had the bearcat breakfast. I even liked the biscuits with pepper jelly . I don't like biscuits ever before. The menu also caters to vegetarians, vegans , and gluten intolerant diets, with very creative ideas. Great job BEARCAT CAFE.The cutest little cafe ever! I'm usually wary of cafes in that area because they tend to be too weird for me, but this one was clean and refreshing. I love the cat theme and the distinction of good cat vs bad cat describing how healthy each meal is. The chia seed pudding was delicious- the pudding itself has a slight coconut taste, they didn't skimp on fruit, and the roasted nuts were super flavorful. I also had the guava mint green tea which comes in a glass bottle that you can take home with you. Love it!This place is a hidden gem! I went with my parents around 9 am on a Saturday and we were able to walk in and be seated immediately! The menu items are simple, but delicious with lots of options for paleo, gluten free and dairy free eaters. The wait staff was so friendly and their coffee alone is worth going back for!AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING! They have a mega tasty vegan menu and non-vegan menu so all people can leave happy, satisfied, and full.Incredible breakfast!! Chia seed pudding was delicious, pork chop was perfectly cooked, eggs (I like them over medium) were spot on! So glad we tried something new this morning!The Cajun Catdaddy is so rich and delicious. I couldn't even finish it. The chefs here have a special touch and it shows in all the food! The wait staff also makes this place so personable you'll want to come back again and again.Such a cute place! Perfect for brunch. I ordered a Vegan Ranchero with eggs which was ok, but I will most likely try something from the Bad Cat side of the menu next time! Had the most delicious and soul warming matcha latte that actually made me smile upon delivery, and the crispy potatoes are perfection!First time to NOLA, this place was closest breakfast spot from hotel.  Delicious!  I had vegan quesadillas-so good and I'm not vegan.  My cappuccino is a work of art and so good!Great food. Horrible hostess manners. Come when it's not busy if you'd like to be treated well.