Delicious shrimp and grits and good beer selections! It's not super fast but we didn't wait forever either.The Elvis Burger! Dear Lord have mercy it's my new fave burger. Service was EXCELLENT!!! Shaquita, the cook, was so sweet and the bartender, Jason, was fabulous!!! A true old school diner.Very nice staff, very sweet. Bathrooms were very clean. We had milk shakes which were great.Food was terrible and on top of that...SALTY...my family ate half only because we were hungry from a long day of walkingGood old fashioned diner but with purple lights. Conveniently located across from the open air Market but away from the drunks in the French quarter. Nuce!Great place and vibe. A 50s theme with present day stuff. Food and service was excellent. The chicken and waffles were amazing. There was bacon in the waffles which was a surprise. When I go back to New Orleans, this place is a must visit.Great breakfast/lunch place now open 24/7 on the weekends.  Regular diner breakfasts and burger lunch plates, but some NOLA favs too!  Try the adult shakes, and other adult drinks.  You must have one, or two...  It is New OlreanKing cake shots...nuff said.This place looks cute at first glance. Menu is fun but it is filthy from the line to the counters. This place doesn't just need a cleaning it needs sand blasting. Every piece of equipment on line need scouring. Lamp shade have inch of dust. Had I looked a little closer on entry I would of walked out and called the board of health.  The scary part is this place is rather new.Great place with very good service.  We had breakfast here on Sunday 11/29.  Very good food.  Outdoor seating, not crowded.Food was subpar with very little attention from server I felt guilty to ask for our water to get refilled. Don't look too close at walls or fixtures while eating they are all covered in greasy dust balls. The wall behind booth was caked in dust and greasy mess. The prices are crazy high for experience. I had BLT-E and bf had the club. Like $30 after tipMy friends and I went down to NOLA for Gay Pride and stopped in for brunch. It was absolutely amazing! Great service, great food. I would ask for Joe - amazing server !Love the cute and nostalgic decor in the diner. Server was personable and attentive. The food was excellently cooked, I recommend the seafood omelet.Great place right next to the French Market.  Really great burger and drinks.   George makes a great screwdriver with fresh oranges.   Got to try it.   Fun place after shopping and friendly people.This place is a hidden gem! Classic Nola comfort food mixed in with dinner favorites. It's a got a really cool classic 50s atmosphere and decor. Service was prompt and friendly. Now the food ! It was amazing!! I had the burger it was the best one of my life simple but delicious. Their house made pickles are the star though! My boyfriend had the Mardi Gras sampler he's thought it was very good I tried some of it and it's definitely good classic creole food. It's getting 4 instead of 5 stars though because the bathroom was quite dirty but I for sure will be back every time I'm in new OrlandsWooo... there are people that actually liked the food!
Atmosphere     80     Its retro
Service            75      Average
Food                70     Bad.Bad.Bad.
Value               65      The price was okay, the quality wasn't
Keep walking unless you really are yearning to go back to the 1950s.Very good.  Super friendly people.  Nice atmosphere.  Great entrees.  We came at the odd time between lunch and dinner on a weekday - the place was quiet but the staff didn't neglect us or forget we were there - they did a great job.  We enjoyed all the food, would recommend this place highly.Fantastic restaurant! Great food at a great price! Nice, big, great air conditioning!! Better service too! Ask for Joe! Loves his job and his restaurant! Knowledgable about the menu and shares his talent. I will be returning often.... Glad I found this fantastic place!The setting is an old 60s diner which is cute. The food was okay and there are a lot of Southern options including chicken and waffles. We were there for breakfast and all four of us enjoyed our meals but it was nothing to go crazy over. I had the biscuits and gravy which had homemade biscuits that were good. We also tried the chicken and waffles which were good but again not outstanding. The service was lacking as well. Our server was not very attentive. While I wasn't overly disappointed I wouldn't go back.We had the biscuits and gravy and the LA style French toast; both were delicious but nothing above and beyond! Service was top notch!Was there last week with hubby. They were trying out two new specials - Shrimp and Grits and a Ranchero egg dish. When I tell u they were both insanely good, I'm not exaggerating. So happy the French Market cafes were crammed and we happened upon Belle"s.Great service. And you have to try the fried pb&j sandwich.  It was our first stop in New Orleans.The ambiance of this location is wonderful. ALL the staff was friendly and warm. You felt like you were at home and someone was giving you a plateful of love. A must go if you are looking for a wonderful meal, a smiling face and wonderful bloody mary to drink.Had the blackened chicken Caesar salad and loved it! My mom had the patty melt and she said it was delicious. Really cute inside and very friendly staff.Wonderful food and fun environment! Such a great old school diner feel with FANTASTIC food. I got a platter sampler with red beans and rice, jambalaya and crawfish etouffee. Everything was so incredibly flavorful and fresh! Our waiter Joe was charismatic and helped us foreigners navigate the menu to get the full grasp of NOLA cuisine. 
My boyfriend had the gumbo and he loved that. Very filling and you definitely get your money's worth here. They also play great golden oldies music which really sets the diner vibe. Recommend this place completely!! Locals told us to not eat on bourbon street and I'm glad we didn't!!Stumbled across this diner while looking for breakfast, and I am so glad we did! It is very well kept and clean inside (a harder quality to find in this area). The service was fantastic and the food exceeded my expectations for a diner. If you can get the roast beef covered cheese fries-you won't regret it! Will definitely be back whenever I am visiting again!This place is a hot mess, correction, even the mess wasn't hot.  We went to this place in the middle of the day on a Monday and right out of the gate things went south. There were  several two and four-top tables still cluttered with dirty dishes and just as many empty tables. We wanted a little more privacy so we selected a six-top in the corner. When the "waiter" came by he just uttered "sure the six top" in a snarky tone. After he proceeded to screw around for fifteen minutes, he finally came over to take our drink order. We were ready to order our brunch too, but apparently he wasn't ready to take our order. While we were waiting for him to come back we noticed that there was almost no natural light in the place and the blue light from all the neon they use to light the place was sort of neat. Upon closer inspection it seems like the blue light is just better at hiding the grime. I happened to look at the ledge behind the corner booth and there must have been a half inch deep accumulation of assorted filth, uck! Once we were finally permitted to order my girlfriend got up to use the restroom before our meals came. When she returned she said the restroom was completely gross right down to the dead cockroach in the middle of the floor. As unappetizing as this experience had been so far, when the food came it actually got worse. My girlfriend ordered a veggie and cheese omelette and I ordered the sausage gravy and biscuits. The omelette had almost no contents and at first glance she thought they had forgotten the cheese completely. Both of our meals came with a side of hash browns... let me tell you folks, if you were like me and thought it was virtually impossible to mess up potatoes, this place would change your mind. They managed to serve our hash browns burnt, greasy, and cold. Yep. Now for the coup de gras, the sausage gravy and biscuits. I love sausage gravy and biscuits, it's one of my favorite breakfast meals of all times and I admit being at a diner in New Orleans I had some elevated expectations. Folks, this stuff was THE WORST sausage gravy I've every had. It was thin, had virtually no sausage in it, and tasted like over-salted wallpaper paste. Oh, and this was also cold when it hit the table. I couldn't even eat it. We drank our coffee, picked around the edges of our food and paid our bill. The only thing we got for our money is a story about the worst diner in New Orleans.Nice dinner in the French quarter. I had the chicken and waffles. Fun dinner atmosphere. The food was good, nothing too exciting. If you need a break from all the culinary exposure and want something simple and tasty this is a good spot. 
Shout out for their 15% discount for military!!We didn't have any food, just stopped in for a drink.  We got the lime and coconut and it was spectacular.  It may be the best drink I've had in new orleans.
Of note, they have a giant elvis in the bathroom that's worth checking out.I went in on a not so busy afternoon, and ordered the chicken and waffles. The plating was really pretty and the food was good (and it was a big portion!). Definitely think you get a fair amount of food for the price. Our waiter's name was Devin (wears glasses, tattoo behind his ear) & he was really friendly and did a great job.Ive been on a hunt for a restaurant that serves excellent fried chicken and waffles...this is it. This diner was pretty bad before they upped their game, its fun and friendly with a nice 60s retro vibe. I think staff is very attentive and friendly. The food is cooked to order and takes time, but not that long. They have good coffee.The food is good, the location is convenient. We came in for breakfast three times during our stay. This hits the spot when you're hungry for American food...and the decor is WWII cool!We were heading back to the Quarter when we all felt a little hangry...LOL!  We came in from the other entrance and were told to grab a seat anywhere.  What a great little place!  What caught my eye was the adult beverages!  Yes, I'll have a thin mint milkshake with vodka and creme de menthe!  It didn't take long for it to take effect!  I love liquored up milkshakes!!!
I had the shrimp omelette with crawfish corn tasso.  This was perfect!  Great flavors and came with real shaved potato hash browns.  The others did the biscuits and gravy.  Big ol biscuits with sausage gravy...Nice!  Everything tastes great with gravy.  I really wanted the King Cake shot that I had read about on Yelp and one of the travel magazines, but they only do that around Mardi Gras time.
I believe the owner waited on us and told us that was a specialty shot made with cinnamon infused vodka.  Sounded delicious...but will have to wait for another visit!  Overall, a great place to come to for a late breakfast!  Definitely worth checking out, especially for an adult milkshake!!!Busy but had great service and food. We sat at bar and watched the cooks and they were so entertaining, as well as efficient . We felt like we should have tipped them in addition to the waitstaff! Get a boozy shake to start your meal off with - you can't go wrong there. I had the BLT-E and husband had the Bette Melt I think. Both tasty and we did not walk away hungry. In fact we waddled away thoroughly satisfied by another NOLA treasure....having sweet tea chicken & bacon stuffed waffles with watermelon syrup. what. ##southernstyle #whatdiet? #fuxin #breaxfaustinasouthGreat service, Food was delicious! Caution large portions! Nice place for a quick bite. 50's dinner feel. Red beans and rice and French bread were on point!Positives- Went for breakfast and both items were perfectly cooked and well seasoned. The corned beef hash is house made and hash browns were full of flavor!
Negatives- Was served a cold cup of coffee when I sat down. Server was extremely rude towards the end because we were waiting for our check and he stepped outside. Took us forever to get the check and when asked for it he stated that we were taking so long to finish! Eventhough there where plenty of open tables, I've never had a server be so rude to me! We ended up just leaving cash on the table so that we could finally leave. I'm sure the owner would be quite upset if they knew one of the servers had treated us in such an inhospitable way. Will never be back.Environment was great. Waiters were excellent. My issue was as follows. We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen. The lady cooking was absolutely awful and mean to everyone, including the cooks that were working with her. They would try to communicate with her, and she'd cut them off mid sentence and tell them not to talk to her. She was very passive aggressive with her comments towards them as well. Completely unprofessional. I also got the country fried steak, and it was awful. Tasted like the grease was old and gave it a horrible taste. Took 2 bites and couldn't eat anymore. I would not come by here again, and would definitely not recommend my friends and family.Amazing!!! Delicious! Nice! Fast! 
(What more needs to be said?)
The food was fresh, and you get alot for your moneyCool diner atmosphere with good prices for the French Quarter.  They offer a military discount which is always appreciated.  This place has a good burger and they offer a lot of breakfast items along with sandwiches, milkshakes and desserts.  Definitely a nifty spot to grab a quick bite in the Quarter that offers good value for your money with friendly service.OMG!!! The food is fantastic. Coffee was hot, fresh and just what I needed to start my day. I ordered the pancakes, bacon and a milk. And my husband had the ham and cheese omelet. The wait staff was very friendly and always had a smile on his face. Super busy, so our food took a little bit to get there. But once it was, we dug right in. The pancakes were light and fluffy with just a slight sprinkling of powdered sugar on top. Normally I need some butter on my pancakes but I was really surprised to just add syrup and they were awesome!  The only thing that would have made it perfect...heat up the syrup. The cold syrup made my breakfast cold faster. Otherwise the food was wonderful! They give you plenty to eat, so you cannot finish all of the food. Next trip to New Orleans, we'll be back.Love the breakfast po boy the chicken and waffles are great too!!  Friendly service and oldies music.The best patty melt I've had in a while! The patty is thick and juicy. 4 Star because of the low lighting during the day! Not a problem for most, but the light outside doesn't really cause a nice bright setting for inside the diner. If you are looking for a calm, great service and family oriented atmosphere, this is the place to be:) pricing is reasonable. Perfect for sharing as the portions are big!Chicken and waffles were awesome! The burgers are also big and flavorful! So yummy! We loved the 50s style diner theme along with the music really set the scene. Come with an empty stomach because the portions are plentiful. Full bar. Clean! 
Service was perfect! 
Thank you belles diner!What a great little hang out. It definitely takes you back in time with the decor!! Great drinks and great food situated directly across the street from the market. I have to say I was definitely taken care of by my waiter and the entire staff was friendly and engaging. There was gentleman wearing a blue fedora working the bar who made the drinks fantastic. Cheers guys and thank you for a couple great tasting drinks! My friends and I enjoyed the short time we spent with you. But you definitely made the rainy day seem better with exceptional customer service. Cheers and thanks again!! Next time I'm in The Big Easy I'll try some food with you guys!!Jason was our waiter and Tree came out and met with us. They told us all about New Orleans culture (both having lived here for most their lives). They gave us recommendations on menu items as well as where we should visit. They made our experience 100% worth it! I will definitely come back to NOLA thanks to these guys as well as visit Belle's Diner again!!Excellent service! I liked this place even before I had my first bite. We sat at the bar and got to watch the cooks hustling out the breakfasts as fast as they were being ordered. I had a veggie omelet made with egg whites. You'll pay an extra $3 for that but the place is reasonable so it's no big deal. The meal was most excellent. Omelet was stuffed with veggies and some cheese, not skimpy on the veggies like some places. The hashbrowns were perfectly browned and would've been fine by themselves but I couldn't resist the urge to drown them in some Louisiana hot sauce. Everything was perfect! Now someone needs to roll me outta here.Great place to relax and fight a hangover!! Food was great, and the guys behind the grill were super nice and funny.  Nice little find amongst a touristy part of town.Breakfast Po Boy was good but best hash browns ever. Great little diner across from French Market with good service.The food was good. I got the chicken and waffles and my mom got the vegetable omelet ....I was pretty disturbed when I saw our waiter John take a piece of my waffle off of the plate and eat it before he delivered our food to the table.1st time visit and it was great, Chicken and Waffles was the BOMB.COM!!!! Bacon stuffed waffles with chicken you can't go wrong.Catfish po' boy and fries for breakfast after a night in the French Quarter. Definitely hit the spot. Super friendly waiter and a great location.We are modifying our NOLA restaurant rule.  Generally there is no reason to eat at the same place twice in New Orleans.  But this place is convenient, open, comfortable and affordable.  Don't go for the chicken and waffles or the mimosas.  But the patty melt and the French toast and Peach Poinsettia were just right for brunch.  Just off the French market.Stopped in here on a whim on our last day in NOLA.  It was one of my favorite places. The atmosphere is great, the service was excellent and the food was delicious. The sever was super friendly and attentive. My two cousins and I all enjoyed our meals. Some one next to us ordered the biscuits and gravy and that also looked amazing. We had bloody Mary's to go and they some of the best we had on the trip.  Will definitely stop in here when I come to town again.BACON. STUFFED. WAFFLES. Is there more that needs to be said? This place is so charming and cute, and the food was amazing. My husband got the biscuits and gravy and I got the chicken with bacon stuffed waffles. Both dishes were just spot on. Service was fast, our waiter was really friendly and gave us some great recommendations of things to do while in town, and the coffee was good too.  If you're heading to the French market to shop absolutely grab some food here.This is a great breakfast spot in NOLA. Decatur Street is so charming, and this diner has a 1940's theme that's a fun escape from the usual. We ordered chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, and a seafood omelette. The chicken melted in your mouth, the seafood was fresh, and the coffee was some of the best we've ever tasted. Top that with great service; we felt very well cared for.Best chicken and waffles around the French Quarter. Affordable and large portions. Bloody Mary was tasty and very standard. Can't go wrong if looking for some American style food in the French Quarter.So good the first time that my group came back the next day. My group had a combination of omelets, hash browns, eggs, toast, french toast, bacon, biscuits and gravy, and pancakes. Everything was delicious, prices were good, and the service was wonderful; we had Joe one day and John the next. I love the decor and atmosphere; although admittedly the AC could have been turned up a bit more on a hot August day. I highly recommend and will be back.Stumbled across this gem looking for the previous Magnolia Grille as a recommendation from a friend. Down for Mardi Gras and have visited many eateries in New Orleans in the past; from Commanders Palace to Willie Mae's to Vieux Carre pizza. Was told to come in and get a Bloody Mary. It didn't disappoint. With a hint of creole mustard that added a touch of spicy creaminess it satisfied and made me inquire more about the menu. We engaged in conversation with Joe about some menu items. Not only was he knowledgeable, but he presented great enthusiasm about the dishes offered. We settled on the roast beef debris fries: a version of poutine fries with a Cajun twist. No salt or pepper was needed as the perfectly prepared debris offered the right amount of flavor. Great change of pace right across from the French market!A real diner atmosphere where we had an excellent breakfast.  Be careful how you order because the bill can add up quickly.Food was delicious! My wife had the catfish platter and I had the Shrimp Po'Boy. Fries were amazing and staff was friendly.  Gumbo was a bit salty our tastes.  We came on the Monday after Essence fest so we hoped service would be faster. Still bit slow but did seem to pic up afterwards. 
We'd come back!We stumbled across this place, literally & if you've been to New Orleans you get the stumble part. I had the Cajun platter (off menu) it has a cup of red beans & rice, a cup of crawfish étouffée & a cup of jambalaya. The red beans & rice had a great smoke flavor, the étouffée was fabulous, first time to have jambalaya was okay, a little bland. But I would order it again. My husband had the chicken & waffles, he gave it 3.5 's.We ate at A BUNCH of places on our New Orleans vacation, and I have to admit that this was the only place that I had a strong desire to go back to.  There was just something about the combination of their location, motif, the varied but solid menu and decent prices for decent food that added up to a pretty good experience.The food is great and so is the atmosphere. I went her for breakfast on new years eve and simply loved it ! Chicken and waffles was the best ! If I lived in NOLA I could see myself as a regular.This diner was FANTASTIC. This place had really good reviews online that caught our attention. The location is extremely convenient, right by the market and there are a lot of other cool surrounding shops to go to after wards if you're looking for a fun packed day. The food was outstanding. Best chicken fingers I've ever had in my entire life and the milkshake was to die for as well. My wife got a mimosa and we were able to watch them squeeze the fresh oranges into her drink it was amazing. This would have been a 5 star experience except for one interaction I witnessed in the diner. My wife and I waited for about 10 mins before being seated (which is obviously fine) but once we sat down we waited another 10 mins and no one came over to check on us or take a drink order. The host came over (who was a very nice lady) and asked if we had been helped yet and I told her no but people that came in after us were already being helped. She felt bad and went to go get someone to help. She asked the bartender, DEVON, if he could help our table of two and he literally screamed in her face and through his hands up on the air and yelled at her "I AM WORKING THE BAR" as a customer I was already upset, bordering hangry, and to see this display of behavior it made me extremely upset. Not only at the fact that Devon was disregarding paying customers but also how he completely disrespected his coworker. I was appalled at his behavior and unfortunately for belles diner that will be my lasting impression. Our waitress was pleasant and apologetic. This place I am happy to say offers military discounts! So bring your IDsExcellent!!! The food was amazing all around, as well as our server Devon. I had the chicken and waffles and the bloody Mary's with the Cajun rim were out of this world!We had the bisque, the omelette, and the crawfish etouffee. ALL OF IT WAS GOOD. This is what an actual bisque is. We compared it to NOLA poboy's version of bisque. This one was rich and creamy and so good that we ordered one to-go and walked around with it. Worth it. Their bread is so good and buttery. Other French breads around New Orleans is kinda...plasticky?
Menu isn't huge but it doesnt have to be. The chef cooks it in fornt of you, diner-style. Favorite place in NOLA! Hands down.Waiting time take forever "hot chocolate" served cold .... you need to ask like 10 times your order. Too much clumsiness in this place. A shame near french market.This is one of my favorite dive diners in town.  I feel like they are always open - I know that one Christmas Day when we needed to start with some champagne, this was one of the only joints that was open and serving cocktails.
We have had surprisingly good meals here, too.  They offer a seafood omelet which is excellent.  If you're in the mood for something lighter, the avocado BLT was delicious.  Always get the hash browns, as they are full of buttery goodness.
Entrances/exits are from the streets on both sides of the restaurant.  Cool interior, with a beautiful tile on the floor, and pretty baby blue accents everywhere.  It really has the nostalgic feel of a 50's diner, with plenty of booze served anytime being its nod to its NOLA location.Wow- such a wonderful place to dine in NOLA! Cute retro decor with an adequate amount of seating. Staff were so friendly and provided great suggestions for items on the menu. They honored our free appetizer coupon for crab cakes which were a good size and very delicious/strong crab flavor. Authentic Cajun style food and all members of the party were pleased with their choices. Spice was mild-to-moderate which was ideal for my midwestern palate! Portion sizes were large and we all left feeling stuffed. One of my favorite restaurants of the vacation. Food was all very fresh. 
No bathroom available in restaurant and condiments were not available at table. Outdoor seating limited but open air to indoor seating which was lovely. 
Would definitely return to try different options! 5/5 starsFrom out of town.  Sometimes you get lucky and find a place that just serves great food and the workers are good people.  This place is special and recommend it wholeheartedly!  Will be back every time am in town.Excellent!!  We loved the Seafood Omelette added a side of biscuits. 
Great service! Great prices!Thrilled to get an outdoor table - without a wait - on a sunny Fat Tuesday brunchtime.  Shared the BLT+E and the chicken and waffles, could not be happier.  Plenty of food but not excessive and the chicken arrived *sizzling.*  Service was impeccable.  If you're eating in the Quarter, you could do a lot worse.The service was great. We ordered the special turkey sandwich, fried pb and j sandwich and chicken and waffles. The turkey po boy was just not good. Needs texture or something. The turkey was less than special and the dressing not good. The chicken and waffles were very good. Particularly the fried chicken. Pbj Fried sandwich also quite good.Crab cakes, chicken & waffles amazing!! And Elvis sings to you in the Women's bathroom!!It's your typical greasy spoon/diner experience. The food is actually better than I expected, big fluffy omelets, generous sandwiches etc. the bad is this places although fairly new already seems grimy. I saw instance and instance of them clearing plates and never wiping down counters or tables and then guests doing it themselves with paper napkins. The service is a little all over the place with no true order or structure. And man I man is it humid in there. Water dripping from ceiling and wet floors, thankfully they put down but mats. All in all its just ok and probably nothing I will return for.This is a solid three star. The service is questionable. The food was prepared correctly. Nothing really special but a decent and pricey breakfast.Went back to Belle's diner the other night and once again this place was wonderful! I don't know why there isn't a line out the door! We got the roast beef debris fries. Soooooo good! The beef tastes like it was slow cooked for weeks. It's perfectly seasoned on top of nice crispy fries and cheese. Yum! Also had their Bloody Mary. My wife and I agree it's the best we have ever had.Damn good. 
Cajun bloody. Yes. Breakfast food was excellent. Shrimp poboy was ok. Overall a great pick near the french market.After our awesome Yelp event here, I couldn't wait to get back to Belle's Diner.
We stopped in on a rainy Saturday and we were immediately seated. Joe was our waiter and he couldn't have been more fantastic. The first thing I did was order a milk shake and he suggested I try their brand new pecan pie shake- a man after my own heart. I gave him the green light as I looked over the menu.
I went into Belle's thinking I was going to get some breakfast, but after I saw a club sandwich on the menu, I decided to go with that. This huge sandwich came topped with more fries than I could ever eat in one sitting. While the sandwich was definitely good, I wouldn't say it was the best I have ever had. The pecan pie shake, however, was AMAZING! It tasted just like pie and was topped with whipped cream and caramel and I will be getting it again when I return!
Joe was fantastic. It was a busy Saturday and he never stopped. He took the order, made the shake and split his time between many different tables and always checked to make sure that we had everything that we needed. He was the waiter from heaven.
The decor of Belle's is SO me: pinup and WWII everything! You feel like you have been transported back to the 50's and the oldies playing on the radio are a nice touch. My only complaint is that the ac isn't that great and the place gets warm when the doors are closed. I don't think that can be helped- it's a small place, but I wanted to mention it in case you are someone who "overheats" easily.
Belle's is a perfect spot if you are spending the day Quarter hopping or just shopping around at the French Market and need a good bite to eat for a reasonable price. They serve breakfast all day, so I am going to try some French Toast when I go back.The food is comparable to IHOP or Waffle House, regular breakfast menu. Service is average for a diner. They get one star because the bill came with an automatic 18% tip included.....buyers beware.The chicken and waffles were amazing. I was delightfully surprised by the lightness and very fluffy waffles. I would say they were the best waffles I've ever had anywhere. The chicken was crispy and everything was cooked to order and hot and fresh. Staff were friendly.Food was great, servers were super friendly! The patty melt and debris fries were out of this world! I enjoyed the blackened shrimp and grits. The grits were super creamy.The patty melt was very good but the belles burger had a gallon of salt poured on it. NOT good!1st time here and the food was absolutely delicious!!! The seafood omlette was to die for so much flavor. Highly recommend and the chicken and waffles was awesome!!! You will not be disappointed!!!Great for breakfast in  the Quarter. Corned beef hash is made there and is incredible. Dog friendly at outside tables. I love it!I didn't eat a full breakfast at Belle's, but I now wish I had. The food looks delicious, and I enjoyed their nostalgic 50's vibe. 
I was in a hurry, about to board the Natchez, so I just got some take-out biscuits and hit the road. They were good--fluffy, buttery, and reasonably priced. I'll probably go back and eat in-house on my next trip to Nola.
The bathroom is sort of a kick; it contains what can only be described as a colossus of Elvis.In town for business, saw a picture of their red beans and rice with gator sausage and I was SOLD! My plate was even better than it looked on Yelp! Friendly service as well, thank you Belle's Diner!Only reason they get 2 stars is because my boys liked the pancakes and waffle. My over medium egg was cooked solid, my corned beef hash was lunch meat cooked to death mixed with frozen hash browns, my husband's chicken and waffles was bland, no spice and was just fries chicken tenders most likely frozen. Sad to and our visit to NOLA on this note.The shrimp was overdone in the seafood omlete and lacked the flavor, I was hoping for. The Decatur salad had a mayo based dressing and greasy from the shrimp and bacon. 
The milkshakes where really good and the atmosphere was nice. I liked the music and retro feel.Prices are a bit high for what you get. There aren't many authentic new Orleans dishes, which is what I expexted. The shrimp is good. Breaded and fried in house, not frozen.This is a cool diner that serves breakfast all day but we weren't really in the mood for breakfast so we ended up ordering the seafood gumbo and my boyfriend ordered the Catfish Poboy. They had lots of tasty drinks to pick from like Southern Punch, Pimms Cup and Orange Crush. The waitress was really nice and recommended their infamous King Cake shot while we waited for our food. I had been thinking about trying that King Cake shot for a while since everyone was saying it was sooo good. Well once again my fellow yelpers didn't let me down, it was delicious! It was so cool looking, it had purple, green and yellow sugar on the rim and the actual shot was a pinkish color. It was amazing! It tasted just like king cake! I actually savored it and drank it in 3 sips. Unfortunately it was the best thing I ordered. My gumbo had a good flavor but I don't know where the seafood was hiding. Maybe it was the very last bit of gumbo in the pot or something because I saw little pieces of something that might have been little mini shrimp but that's about it. I tasted the Catfish Poboy and it was also good but I wouldn't come back here to order it again or anything. The only thing that I would come back and order is the King Cake shot. I think we just ordered the wrong stuff, we should've ordered breakfast food because their breakfast looked really good and it seems that that's what everyone likes. Too bad we weren't in the mood for breakfast food at the time.Oh yea!!! Great drinks, authentic Cajun food, burgers for the kids. Great service from very social people. We r ally enjoyed it and really fair prices.Fabulous atmosphere and great staff. Food was unique and delicious. 50's music makes you want to bogey while eating. Fast serviceSuch a fun place.  Coming in you time warp to the fifties.  The menu is full of diner food.  The location by the french market also gives a nice reprieve from the heat.  Food was delicious!Touristy joint, but solid food. Lots of potential here, but I suspect it will always be a tourist spot and not one that the locals will flock to. The food was good, but didn't feel like a real New Orleans experience. Could have been located in Cleveland and would never had known the difference.So good we ate there twice this past weekend! The chicken and waffles were fantastic! The chicken was fried to a crunch but still juicy. The waffles had good flavor but I wish they had more crisp to them. That being said...both times I had this dish!  My wife had the burger and it was wonderful. Very big burger with great flavor. We also had the roast beef fries and boy were we not disappointed! Large plate with really good momma cooked roast beef chunks all over with ample amounts of cheese. Try the Bloody Mary too. Not very spicy but nothing a little black pepper and hot sauce can't cure! I definitely will be back next time in NOLA.The burgers are great, four stars only because a diner should have a little better fries. Service was also very good, perfect stop across from the french market.We stopped in for lunch after exploring the French Quarter Flea Market and were not disappointed. We ordered the crab cakes, debris fries and Decatur Salad. The crab cakes were wonderful! Crisp and full of flavor and I'm not sure what kind of sauce was on them but it was delicious! The Decatur salad with grilled shrimp was huge and flavorful! The Cajun dressing was creamy with a hint of spice on the back end. The debris fries were very good the only thing they needed was gravy, roast was good & very tender. Our server was very nice & helpful & recommended a great beer.Friendly staff, excellent service, and always a wonderful breakfast. I love consistency in food and this place is always good and exceeds expectations. Cheers and enjoy !Outstanding service and food.  Huge portions!  We had breakfast here and one of my sons had gumbo the other had a seafood omelette.  They both said it was delicious!  My daughter had pancakes that were also amazing.  Thank you Belle's Diner NOLO!We did not plan to come here, but when we found out another restaurant was 21 and over and our 7 year old couldn't get in we quickly yelped and found Belles. From the outside it didn't look like much, but inside was completely different. It was so bright and clean, and it smelled delicious! Our server was incredibly attentive. He even sat down to explain the menu and answer questions. The drinks were delicious. The food was really great! We had the hamburger, crab cakes, club sandwich, gumbo and corned beef sandwich. If you are looking for a solid meal, this is the place to come! Oh, and the prices are great!My husband and I stopped in during our honeymoon last month. He had the po boy and I had the decatur salad. The service was kind. And the food was yummy. would definitely go back for more!After stopping in to multiple breakfast/brunch spots- we landed on this retro cafe Belles diner! We were serviced by Devon who delivered excellent customer service. He was at tentative, kind and personable. The food was prepared well and most enjoyable. The only discrepancy I have is the cleanliness of the restaurant could be given more attention! Other than that I would definitely visit again!An unexpected delight -- my wife and I were searching for a breakfast-serving restaurant open on Thanksgiving day (other than Cafe Du Monde) -- and found Belle's highly rated. With no expectations, we were quite impressed with our order of 'cheesy' omelette (very fluffy eggs), breakfast po-boy (with perfectly seasoned hash-browns), and Cajun Bloody Mary.  Service was excellent and friendly. Although we don't normally frequent diners, particularly those located in tourist red-zones, Belle's (for what it is) made for a perfect (and filling) brunch.Went roaming around New Orleans this afternoon and stopped in on a whim. My husband has chicken and waffles and I had the club sandwich. Both where huge portions and could have easily split one entree. A beer and a mimosa rounded out the meal. Quite nice -just a little loudAMAZING chicken and waffles. I ate every single bite, and I usually am never able to finish a carby breakfast. Absolutely delicious. Great prices. Would definitely recommend.This diner was so good that we visited it twice during our three-day trip to New Orleans. We loved the breakfast options, and the servers were very friendly and attentive!Only people at 3 tables and meals couldn't arrive at the same time. What's one to do, let there food get cold or finish before the other? And as for the $6 Bloody Mary, after waiting 10 minutes i said forget about it.We had a groupon to try this place at breakfast. I had the red beans & rice with alligator sausage.  My husband had the "Hells Belles" omelet.  Everything delicious, staff friendly & competent.  Will go again!Top notch! Thank you NOLA we enjoyed the owner, hospitality and good! Seafood gumbo and mimosasBelle's Diner is so great! The place has a cute retro vibe going on and the staff is super friendly, both our server and the owner were really helpful and sweet. We ate a couple of Cajun dishes for our meal which were really delicious and savory. I would recommend their crawfish and corn bisque, as well as the red beans and rice which comes with a nice buttery toast and gator sausage. Their mimosa's are also nicely refreshing (separate drink menu).Had a good lunch here, started out with a good shake. Service was on the ball. Good, little diner in a happening location.We went in not expecting much since the place looks like your regular mom and pop diner. The food and the service are excellent.Our server, Joe, was nice, courteous, and helpful. The catfish and the crab cakes were truly tasty/yummy. The gumbo and the jambalaya were awesome. The servings are big, plus they make their own sauces. It's truly worth trying when you visit NOLA.Chicken and waffles
Crispy Chicken Tenders cooked perfectly with tender meat and the right amount of crunch to the breading. Waffles filled with bacon bits and toasted to perfection.
Hold the watermelon served on the side for a great meal!
Service from the waiters and cooks is phenomenal.
First tried this place through Uber eats, decided to come in to try something else (ordered the same thing) and the food was just as good the second time!
Try this place!I found this place by accident and I'm so glad I did!  I originally had breakfast planned at another place but when we arrived it was closed on Tuesdays.  Our next choice was Coop's but it has a strict 21+ rule, since we had kids that wasn't going to work.   We looked across the street and found Belle's Diner.  
The place is a nice break from the fancy pants places we have been going for the last week.  This place hit the spot, good diner breakfast!  The staff is super nic and fast.  Food was hot and fresh.  Pancakes were light and fluffy.  The fried PB&J was something new for us but it was Yummy!!After a long night of drinking and hanging out w/ friends we were in the mood for omelettes and grits. Belles was the perfect choice! Easy walk in French Quarter so great location. Staff is awesome, great service. Our group had all different kids of omelettes and we cleaned our plates. Perfection! Hash browns are exactly what you'd expect, crunchy top. Friends loved the grits--not my thing. Really likes the ice coffee, most drink with chocolate, but I had mine w/o. Cute diner ambiance.Funky and excellent. You have to try the corned beef hash. Ambiance is superb. Great cure for a hangover.  Bloody Marys are house made.Love this place. Friendly staff really good food and quick. Love that the food and service is quick. The fries peanut butter sandwich is amazing!!!! It almost  resembles like a chicken fried pb&j. Also had the blackened chicken Caesar. Nice size. Yummy season on the chicken. All around a fun find for late night weekend food!!!!We stopped in here after a few days of eating New Orleans food and thought a diner sounded like American style food for a change. The menu had limited options but everything we ate there was delicious. The place was very busy when we first walked in.  So they have seating at the bar counter where we sat initially but nobody waited on us so as soon as a table cleared up we moved over to the table and then a waitress came over!!  Go figure!!  I was there with my two sons while on vacation. 
So I had a vegetable omelette which came with spinach, mushroom, onion, tomato and cheddar cheese with a side of hashbrowns. There was no toast with this omelette which surprised me but the omelette and hashbrowns were delicious.  Mine was $11
One of my sons had the Chefs Special Omelette which he kept raving about the chili that was on top of his omelette.  This was $12.  Again it came with hashbrowns but no toast. 
My other son had a fried PB&J sandwich that was on the appetizer list for $8
Add 2 coffees and the total bill was $40. 
Now is the strange part - the waitress came to give us our bill and told us that she accidentally gave our bill to the people who sat next to us and had left 5 minutes earlier after paying our bill without realizing it. So to cash out she could only give us the bill for those other people!!!!!!  The difference was $7 less but it was so bizarre that we couldn't pay our own bill.  She said she had to ring us up that way.  Very strange. Always check your bill before paying - right?!?I only gave this place a star because that is the lowest you can give on here. Went to eat here with my brother on our last day in New Orleans before heading to the airport. We were really excited to eat since we hadn't eaten breakfast yet. All I can say is we experienced some of the worst customer service we've ever had. And that's saying a lot since we're originally from Atlanta, Georgia. First, our orders were placed late and it took a good 40 minutes for the waitress to let us know that our order at been placed late. Then the food arrives but we get way more food than what we ordered  and it wasn't even our correct orders. We agreed to eat the food because we were starving but we definitely won't be returning here. We didn't even get a discount or anything. Terrible.Belle's is very special to my husband and I. We were supposed to get married here (1950s themed wedding) but a hurricane changed our plans so we got married at our rehearsal dinner spot. We were so bummed but Belle's has become a staple for us and our family. Preston (General Manager) and his crew are phenomenal, kind, funny, and all around awesome people. And the food is freaking delicious. Everything we've eaten is on point and the root beer floats send me back to my childhood. Belle's will always be our favorite restaurant in NOLA!Great service, fun atmosphere and darn good food. The chicken and waffles are amazing. Did I mention that the waffles are stuffed w bacon? No. Well, they are and the bacon was cooked to perfection. The fresh squeezed OJ is also a must.Best seafood omelette I have ever had in my life!! The pancakes were also amazing, and my mom loved her chicken & waffles! Really wish I could have tried more on the menu, but definitely check it out. Great nostalgic environment & the staff was beyond friendly!Probably some of the best diner style food in town! Burgers are tasty and they go best with onion rings and a malt! A definite stop on your tour of the FQAbsolutely fabulous breakfast! We were there extra early one morning & were so pleasantly surprised by the delicious food & awesome service, we'll definitely be back.We had a quick lunch here and it was pretty good. Po'boys were delicious and the veggie omelette was absolutely fantastic. The jambalaya was a big disappointment, but I can't complain too much since the server recommended against ordering it. The server was super-nice and very attentive.My husband and I stopped in for milkshakes after walking around the French Quarter. Not impressed. Here's why:
1. Asked for water with milkshakes, never delivered
2. Charged $6.00 for a shake and did not give us "extra" in a cup like 99% of diners I've been to.
3. Instead of giving us the leftovers the waitress filled a to go cup and drank it herself! Not kidding! She sat at the counter drinking it and never came back to check on us!Three words: King Cake Shot
If you go into Belle's Diner for no other reason (like I did), go in for this shot. It has all of the king cake goodness, but in alcoholic liquid form. 
Actually, the menu did look good.  There was a cheese and ham omelet called the pig cheesy. I love food puns. 
And it had an adorable diner motif. Plus the bartender was super nice. I kind of wish I had something else while there.
In any case, you really can't go wrong with the King Cake Shot and the diner is conveniently located across from the French Market.What a great find!   Very cool retro looking diner.  Really clean. Really attentive wait staff.   Food was  excellent.  Breakfast and burger options.   You are on vacation, order the fried PBJ!   Atmosphere is very nice, played vintage music.  Will stop here again on our next trip down.Found this spot while walking around the French Quarter. Hubby and I split the fried shrimp po'boy, which was basic but still delicious. It's pretty good sized, but can be devoured if the eater is starving.Such a fun atmosphere (murals, music, and photography plus 1950's furniture) and nice cold air conditioning, always super friendly service. We have been happy to find local food and Cajun choices all over the menu, in addition to classic "diner" items. Have not yet tried the desserts but man they look good. Great salads and omelettes, husband loves the biscuits and gravy as well as the chicken and waffles. The specials are so creative too, and if you "check in" on Yelp they usually offer you something like a free Bloody Mary, etc. Sit by the big window and do some people watching at the Market!Really enjoyed our "After the Saints Loss -- Breakfast for Dinner" at Belles.  We used to go here when it was Magnolia Grill.  It was a NICE CHANGE!  Mag Grill used to have lotsa fun staff drama (EEK!) and something always came out wrong with the order. 
The waitstaff was professional and friendly at Belles.  I ordered the BLTE (over-easy fried egg!)  It came with fries and wasn't too expensive.  The bread was thick and toasted perfectly.  It came with an avocado mayo spread that added a nice touch.  Delicious!!
My hubs got the club...amazing amount of meat and really fresh.  
The decor hasn't changed much, but still has the fun 1950's diner feel with some new additions.  The chairs and booths are both very comfortable.  
One of the nicest parts is that you can walk through the restaurant (from Decatur to the French Market) without having to make the block.   
Great little quarter spot, will def go back often!Great late night spot.  Had their patty melt and oh boy it was great!  Service was very friendly.Food was great!!!!! Had a burger and fries.....it was a welcomed break from the great local food. Milkshake rounded the meal off good. Joe was very welcoming and hospitable!Great food at non-tourist prices. The burger is awesome with a mound of melted cheese. The other dishes are HUGE portions. Titus, the GM, runs a a tight ship and uncannily resembles Elvis. I come here anytime I am on the French Market side of the French Quarter. You won't regret coming here.Talk about excellent customer service and food. You get both here and you don't have to choose! I was here checking out Krewe du Vieux and Mary the manager was pretty awesome and attentive to make sure we were served in a timely manner. Their Po'Boys are gigantic but I finished it though. It was packed with flavor and had an amazing shrimp to bread ratio. I also appreciate that the prices weren't outrageous for the amount of food you get. Me and my friends were stuffed. I had the craziest shot when I was there. It was a king cake shot that was made with house made infused cinnamon flavored vodka and rimmed with a colorful sugar to celebrate the season. There are no complaints about this place as you can tell their in the service of good people and great food.Stopped in here after the French Market with a friend. We wanted something to eat but didn't want to fill up. So we split cups of gumbo, jambalaya, and crawfish & corn bisque. It was delicious. I've never liked gumbo or jambalaya that much but this was really good. I also got one of the Belle's Boozys, a handspun alcoholic milkshake. Baileys, kahula, and vanilla ice cream with caramel swirl. O. M. G. So glad we stopped in! Highly recommend it!Went in because we were at the market and had a few non seafood folks in our group.  We sat at he bar (group of 10) and everyone loved their food. One of the cooks offers me chicken and waffles w bacon in the waffles.  Totally hit the mark.  Recommend this place for easy and good food.My wife and I stopped here for breakfast and wished we kept walking...the food was disappointing. Burnt French toast. Slimy hash browns and old bacon they precooked hours ago served cold. Service was ok.Went into this diner based off of the reviews and it was great. Our waiter (Jay?) was very helpful and took the time to explain the different dishes and even talked about the places to go as well as the places to avoid as a tourist. The chicken and waffles were very good as well as the debris French fry's. Would eat here again on a return trip.Amazing food! They have boozy milkshake. The Brooke milkshake is a must. The patty melt is to die for.... no reservations needed. Staff is awesome. Definitely a must go while in NolaWe were visiting New Orleans and needed a cool place to have lunch. We were pleasantly surprised when we walked into this little diner. Our server was great and food was super good! I had the gumbo which was great! My daughter's friend tried the friend PB&J which was interesting but good. My mom and daughter both had burgers. I loved that they were allowed to choose how they wanted the burgers cooked instead of just having them cooked well-done like a hockey puck! They were so good! We had great service and would definitely recommend this place to others looking for a fun lunch!Legit fn food!!! Cookies and cream shake. I had 3 meals...Chicken and waffles, decatur salad and the sliders. Will come back for the great service and fun atmosphere. Really enjoyed the lighting and soft seats. ThanksBelle's Diner is conveniently located right across from the French Market with both indoor and outdoor seating. Upon walking in you feel thrust into the past by the decor only to be pulled back by the modern menu. Belle's has taken diner favorites and given them a new spin without going over the top or compromising that old school feel. 
I can only comment on breakfast as that was the only meal we had here. We were happily greeted and eventually waited on by the NICEST guy in the whole city of New Orleans! My husband and I were amazed at how conscientious and friendly he was. 
I ordered a mimosa to start which contained what appeared to be fresh squeezed orange juice. My husband had coffee and your typical breakfast eats such as eggs, toast, sausage gravy, etc. I on the other hand chose their chicken and waffles. But this was no ordinary chicken and waffles. These were bacon stuffed waffles with 'fried in front of you' buttermilk chicken and honey mustard maple syrup. Amazing. I can't even begin to tell you....
And to add to the enjoyment - HAND SPUN ALCOHOLIC MILKSHAKES! 
So to wrap things up...just go to Belle's. Go and get great food for an even better price and drink a big kid milkshake. You won't regret it.This diner was awesome! We had catfish, shrimp, crab cakes, jambalaya, bisque and clam chowder. 
It was delicious and cooked to perfection. 
This will be one of my go to eateries in N.O.Nice place for a get away within FQ. FOOD & People were Nice n Accommodating. THE 24 HR breakfast menu has Varied choices. All the 3 meals i had a taste of thru sharing was Great.However some lil heavy on Salt. BUT IM SURE IF YOU REQUEST THEY WILL HOLD BACK FOR U. THE SERVICE WAS  GREAT. DONT MISS THIS LIL PLACE,*FORMALLY THE Magnolia Grill. The address  had a name change.Let's just say, if I were ever on death row (or knew I was going to die) and had to pick a "last meal", it would be the Debris Fries at Belle's Diner. The roast beef on those fries were hands down the best I've ever had. Paired with the amazing cheese and already great fries, and what a dish! It was fantastic. I need to go back and have the roast beef poboy now. 
My son, who can be a picky eater, just wanted yogurt and he ate the yogurt like it was the best thing on earth. 
My husband had the shrimp poboy and it was also very good. 
Our server was fast, helpful, and very friendly.
This was our first Bella's Diner experience, and we will definitely be back.One word.... AMAZING! This place is located on Decatur right in heart of French market. Fast and friendly service. We had the southern style French toast and chicken and waffles. The fence toast... perfect! Had a nice crunch to them and perfect sweet flavor. Side of scrambled eggs were delicious too. He only downside is the portion size was kind of small. Chicken and waffles.... BLOWN AWAY! So good. They had a special syrup/honey mustard mix that was great. Large fried chicken pieces and they were tender and juicy. Went great w the waffles. Highly recommend this dish! They serve alcohol here as well. I got the fresh squeezed OJ.... delicious. Definitely go to this place! It won't disappoint.Nice diner with friendly waiters and super fast service.Visited New Orleans with my hubby for the first time and we chose to eat here. Was amazing. Will go back every time we visit!I found this on Yelp and almost didn't do in because the Decatur entry isn't nearly as engaging as the Peters St. side. But after trapezing around for an hour looking for restaurants, we found the front and decided it was okay. 
This is a Diner, a real diner. It resembles the diners of yesteryear with the round-top stools, formica tabletops and naugahyde covered benches for seating. It's comfortable; old school. It is cutesy and clean.
The food surprised me. They had a fried chicken sandwich with bacon and honey mustard on a brioche bun that was outstanding. A great blend of sweet and sour, crunchy and soft. The Crab cakes were also pretty good; a little bit spicy. However I am not a spice fan. Just enough spice to complement the flavor.
The service was perfect. Our server was right on it and even offered us water to go to keep us hydrated.
The prices are pretty reasonable, especially for the quality. I think you will enjoy it!Why is this place not overrun by customers all the time?!  It is amazing!!
Do not skip. They have local flair! Dont let the decor fool you!  Everyonehas always been extremely friendly.  Jason is an awesome server and super attentive. 
They have  great prices for the tourist trap area too.  
Fun pin up decor.  
Easy to add on items. 
Clean.  
Ice cold water.  
Fun people watching.
The biscuit and  gravy was really good.  The biscuit itself was pretty basic but paired with the gravy
...yumm!!!!!. I again got the Chicken waffle combo.  The bacon waffle was perfectly crispy.  The chicken strips were light and not greasy. It was all topped with powdered sugar and sugar came syrup!  No mass bottled topper here!!!Hit this place a few times for breakfast. Chicken and waffles was best thing we got. Chicken was fresh, definitely not some frozen junk. Waffles were tasty. Heavy on the cinnamon. Basic eggs and bacon dish is good. Maybe a few bucks too expensive. Only disappointment was corned beef hash
Consisted of sliced up slices of corned beef mixed in with hash browns. Very light on the meat. The Elvis in the bathroom is a quirky touch too. The place is super clean.Went in because we were at the market and had a few non seafood folks in our group.  We sat at he bar (group of 10) and everyone loved their food. One of the cooks offers me chicken and waffles w bacon in the waffles.  Totally hit the mark.  Recommend this place for easy and good food.This is a great place to stop in! This is an old school diner and has a very cool feel. Food was cheap and tasted great. Cannot recommend this place enough. 
I got the bayou bomber and my girlfriend got the hells belle omelet. Both were great and spicy! 
I'll be coming here again the next time I come to New Orleans.Good food, unique atmosphere, reasonable prices... all good.  Right in the French Market.Only ordered an egg dish for takeout. Huge platter! and the milkshake was equally huge. Nice servers and cool decor. It's worth a visit to this hard-to-find place.Family and I had a Groupon and used it for lunch.  Food was good and our waiter was excellent.  I had the BLT which was good but could have used more pork.  The egg and avocado were a nice touch.  Daughter had the chicken and waffles, really good as were the fries with debris.  Would definitely return!Great food!  We stop here every time we gisit NOLA. but it was filthy today.  Probably a very busy week in town, but they could still do some cleaning.Came here for drinks. Also ordered a cup of gumbo. They forgot the gumbo, and I asked them to cancel it since I had a flight to catch.Loved my breakfast  and George was perfect.  I can't wait to come back!! Be sure and have an omelet, yummmmmmLocated right next to the French Market, Belle's Diner is a nice spot to duck into for a bite and some welcome air conditioning. I love the vibe of this place which (alluded by the name) is a nice retro diner feel. The first thing that caught my eye was the milkshake which they boasted to be one of the best in NOLA. I settled on an order of chicken & waffles (they serve breakfast all day, lookin at you late night crowd) and an old fashioned vanilla milkshake. It was fairly standard diner food, it didn't blow my socks off but it really hit the spot. The waffles had a nice texture and the chicken fingers had a nice crust. The milkshake was actually really good; nice and thick with a good ice cream. Since my first trip to Belle's Diner I've actually been back a couple of times. I love this little place with their pleasant staff, clean restaurant and great food options. If you're ever in the French Market looking for a bite to eat in a cool (as in air conditioning) place, I would stop by this diner.Stopped in here specifically for the chicken and waffles, and the food was not disappointing.  Was very good with 3 giant chicken strips and 1 huge waffle.  Make sure and get extra syrup to dip the chicken!The workers here are so nice and have great stories! I got the fried peanut butter and jelly sandwich which was amazing! So sweet but so good! For my meal I got the war bird burger. The best burger on the menu! Get it! It took a while to come out and everyone else in my party was almost done but it was well worth the wait! They have really good homemade pickles too. Fresh squeezed OJ for mimosas. The diner is also super cute with a retro feel.We both had the chicken fried steak and eggs and it was very good! The gravy was quite salty but that I just scraped off. Great atmosphere which made the slow service bearable. I would definitely come back even if it was just to people watch. But I would for sure order an adult shake!!! Too full today.Best scrambled eggs I have ever had! So light and fluffy they are wonderful! I also had the pain per due ( French toast) it was good too. Hubby had the corn beef hash with scrambled eggs and a biscuit. He thought it was good.  We would love to go back and try lunch! The drinks looked awesome too!Out of all of the places we have been in New Orleans, Belle's Diner acted like they wanted us there.  The hostess, and the server were extremely welcoming.  The food backs up the positivity of the staff.  I had the War Bird chicken sandwich.  It was excellent.  My wife had chicken and waffles, delicious!  Belle's Diner is a French Quarter restaurant without the tourist attitude.  They want you to come back.  We will.Nothing to write home about. A little pricey and the 'oldies' music came from a radio station. Hamburger and fries were just so-so as was the milkshake.Our favorite little brunch spot near the French market. Great bloody Mary's and my fave is the patty melt.I'am heaven they got chicken and waffles , one of favorite foods. Love this pleace , LOVE NEW ORLEANS !!!Pimms cup and chicken and waffles were worth my time. Very slow service in a relatively dead period of the day. Standard diner fair with a flair. Worth a stop unless you are looking for a more genuine experience, in that case step across the way to The Coop.This was our first stop in New Orleans and it did not disappoint! Everyone loved what they got and the customer service was great. We stopped by so we could watch the soccer game and have a delicious lunch. The chicken and waffles were probably my favorite and their fried catfish platter the next! I didn't get the chance to try their burgers but everyone that got it said they were delicious! My husband got the red beans and rice and finished the whole plate! I would recommend stopping by if you're in the area!No line, few customers made us second guess the reviews.  The staff inside were instantly friendly and welcoming.  We went for it despite the human inclination to stand in line for the restaurant across the street with a huge line.  We ate chicken and waffles and red beans and rice with gator meat.  Both delicious. Highly recommend!  Yum.This review (very brief) is based solely on the drinks and service. We stopped in this little diner on the way back home after an amazing weekend of festivities, food and fun. We came here after checking out the nice market across the street. We were greeted with smiles and asked if we were dining in, to-go orders, drinks only etc. When we asked to check out a drink menu, the request was promptly obliged. Not only that, but asking questions about the drink "Pimm's Cup" we got a very detailed explanation about what the liqueur itself tastes like and different variations of that particular drink etc. Very cool as we'd never seen/heard of this particular beverage. One of us go the Pimm's Cup and the other got some other drink. The Pimm's Cup was a light, refreshing, crisp drink as described and the other drink was tasty as well. We were satisfied and would love to return and check out their Shrimp n Grits, as was advertised outside the door!Great little lunch spot for a lower priced meal with all the flavor!  The logo was why originally caught my eye as I love WWII nose art and pin ups.  
They have a wide variety but I went for the Chicken and waffles.  As most places, the chicken is breaded strips and the waffles were pretty big.  They also use a syrup that has a distinctive flavor compared to most.  Overall, I loved it.  
However, after sitting a while I wished I had tried the biscuits and gravy because they looked amazing.  Next time.Visited here while on vacation.  Had the most wonderful breakfast and the wait staff was great.  Would eat here every day if I could.  John took great care of us.Great breakfast/lunch place now open 24/7 on the weekends.  Regular diner breakfasts and burger lunch plates, but some NOLA favs too!  Try the adult shakes, and other adult drinks.  You must have one, or two...  It is New Olreans!
Back a year later and they are still a good place for breakfast and lunch.  Apparently the customer flow at night wasn't enough as the hours are cut back.  Still good food and adult milk shakes.  AC was not working.  They need to get that fixed, so only four stars this year.Of all the food you could eat in New Orleans, don't waste your time here.  Wanted something quick and familiar as we were touring the city.  We were enticed by the greasy spoon aspect, and were quickly disappointed because it was just that. The food was nothing profound and as I left my digestive system regretted my choices.  Keep waking and choose something else instead.We were walking around The French Quarter and looking for a good place to eat with no wait. We saw this place had a good rating on Yelp and decided to give it a try. We ordered roast beef debris fries, which were very good but the gravy was a bit too salty. We had the "Mardi Gras sampler" and the chicken and waffles for entrees. Both were pretty tasty! For drinks we ordered bloody Mary's and they were really good as well. Our server was friendly and the food came out quickly. Overall, a good experience.I was at the French market and saw the sign and went in the place is well kept and clean, 50's decor with a fountain counter they can make any drink or shake alcoholic and the crawfish omelet was superb. The service is typical for a first class dinerNo parking right by restaurant and new Orleans drivers won't let you cross the street, but this place sure makes up for the outside environment with their FOOD!! I'm a breakfast guy and their breakfast is amazing. The service was polite and also swift. Prices are competitive but a little lower than everyone else.  It just made my day better eating there. Wanting to go home after I ate and lay down!! But all in all, great place to your a.m. grubs!!Do yourself a favor and try the Crawfish Corn Bisque. You will NOT be disappointed. The orange juice is freshly squeezed and it was amazing. DH recommend the Down the Bayou omelette. It was flavorful and absolutely delish!!! Service was a little slow, but we were in no rush... and everyone was very friendly!!!Great breakfast here.  Some different options from the usual fare.  The down the bayou omelette is covered in etouffe and is great.  It's a 50s diner motif with rock and roll playing.  Has burgers sandwiches and delicious bloody Mary's.  Order them spicy!  Btw, they do not accept the Yelp coupon on those when you check inSo glad I stumbled in. Delicious diner food, one of the better chicken Cesar's I've had and a perfect spicy Bloody Mary. Cute, comfortable and clean with an attentive and fun loving staff. Boozy milk shakes were tasty and actually were boozy. Try the Debris fries on hash browns with an egg on top. I'm a local and I'll definitely be back.Fried pb&j was different but good. Main course was good. Service was good. Bathrooms were run down and dirty.The service here, you guys! Even though we were in a hurry and our waiter had other tables, the staff at Belle's took great care of us and got us out on time. 
I decided to go with the Chicken and Waffles which I highly recommend. The waffles are surprisingly lighter and soak up all the flavoring from the chicken and syrup. Others at the table enjoyed the milkshakes and the seafood Omlette.Located rght next to the French Market.  Classic 50s style diner with tables and counter seating. Best red beans and rice in NOLA. We've eaten here twice on vacation and loved everything we ordered. Fantastic,  friendly service.Service is amazing- we came in here to try their PB&J and they were closed already and cleaning up , we told them we wanted to try their fried PB&J and they made a exception and cooked them for us, Omg it was amazing, I actually liked it better than the beignet. They get a 5 stars on service and their menu. Keep it going guys. ThanksSomeone was passing around 10% off coupons for Belle's around the French Market, we had no lunch plans yet, and Yelp had good reviews so we decided to go. It was okay.
The place has a 50's Diner look and feel to it. They also played oldies that I have not heard in a long time which we enjoyed.
Our server, Joe was really nice. We liked him but it looked like he was doing EVERYTHING by himself; server for all tables, cashier, bussing. He had a lot on his plate and we didn't really see any other employees around. He was really friendly, but poor guy had a lot going on. Short-staffed that day?
The food was okay. I had a catfish poboy with fries and my wife had a trio. It was good, but a little cold. She felt bad for our server so she didn't want to say anything. My infant son LOVED her jambalaya though. He is only 11 months old and boy did he take to that.
So yeah, Belle's wasn't anything special, but it was serviceable. Hope they resolve the staffing issue.We had the patty melt and it was delicious! It was also fun watching the cooks as they made our meal and danced to the music. We are definitely going back.Awesomely real authentic food ... the service was extremely American over the top but it was the best goddam omelet I've hadWas walking around the French market looking for a different breakfast.  This place had chicken and waffles (too hungry and forgot to take a picture) and they also had House Cured corned beef hash, which we may try tomorrow.  BUT, the $6 Bloody Mary advertises on Yelp when you check in has been changed to $9 .  Needs to be changed.  A $1 discount would not get me in the place.
BUT, they do offer 15% off to current and former military.
RECOMMEND ATION; ADD POLICE AND FIRST RESPONDERS.We tried several things on the menu...fruit salad, root beer floats, vanilla milkshake, fried peanut butter and jelly, plain peanut butter and jelly, bread pudding, waffles stuffed with bacon and chicken strips...everything we ordered was fabulous!This is another awesome little place hidden in the very back of the French market. I found the reviews on Yelp and decided it was a must try. Let me tell you, you will miss out if you do not try the fried pb&j sandwich it was amazing! Our table split it as an appetizer but it could be a while meal for someone. The flavor combination of the crunchy outside and gooey inside works extremely well. Especially with the powder sugar added to the top to give it a little extra. The chicken and waffles were also a delight, however after tasting my husbands patty melt with house chips it was so amazing I asked for a second bite. The decor is retro, with pin up pictures and elvis decor. A true retro diner.We stopped here for a late lunch in mid March when we were in NOLA celebrating our anniversary. On vacation I'm picky about where we eat because we're missing whatever's going on outside while we're in there, so I was struggling to choose just the right place that day. I wasn't sure this was what I wanted, but hubby marched in so it was decided. :) I'm glad because it ended up being perfect! We lucked out getting the table by the big open window looking out toward the market. There was a great breeze that day and we got to hear a band that was playing around the corner and watch the interesting people on the street. I'm also obsessed with vintage things and adored the 50s style decor and oldies music. We started with debris fries and a mimosa for me. The fries were frozen, not house made, but the topping was really good and rich. We enjoyed those tho not necessarily special. Then we split the chicken and waffles. The waffles have bacon in them and it comes with a syrup that has honey mustard in it. The server mentioned that as he delivered the food and he caught the concerned look I shot him and joked that he shouldn't have said anything until after I took a bite. But I needn't have worried, it was an interesting and very good flavor. We felt like we got a great value and our server was FANtastic. I'm so sad, I was determined to call him out by name but I think I have forgotten it. I want to say his last name started with an L. He took great care of us. We would be happy to eat here again!It's was magnolia grill with the best service now I need to think about my words very carefully some of the same employees and some are new .The menu is very different nowNot your average diner!
Me and my husband stopped here after walking from bourbon street. Seated immediately (it was a Tuesday) and our waiter demonstrated great southern hospitality. We were very hungry and both got omelettes. My husband had the DTB (Down The Bayou) crawfish and sausage omelette with home fries and I had the seafood omelette which came with a delicious crawfish, corn and pepper sauce on top. MOUTH. WATERING. My goodness it was so good and we were stuffed after!
But we made room for dessert! We shared a boozy pecan pie milkshake called the The Brooke. Definitely boozy! I'm not a huge fan of mixing dairy and alcohol but this was absolutely delicious. 
One thing that we loved is we saw a group of kids stop by to ask for water. I don't know if they know them or not but they didn't give them a hassle at all and gave them a large cup of iced water on a really hot day. Maybe that's normal in Nola but it warmed my heart! (We got water cups to go too, which was nice as we walked though the French Market across the street!) 
Really glad we stumbled upon this gem while on our honeymoon. We have suggested it to others and we would be sure to visit again!My experiences with Belle's have only revolved around king cake. Our group first stopped in to get a king cake shot (which I drank as a miniature cocktail) and it was delicious, with a hint of cinnamon and a thick milky taste.
We paid at the register and were quickly on our way.
A few days later, I stopped in again on my mini king cake quest (no luck!). While they only had full-sized options (would not fit in carry on), the super nice manager suggested a stop down the street to a bakery. They weren't open unfortunately, but that was my fault for not giving myself enough time to search prior to my flight out.
They definitely host a hospitable environment -- right across from the French Market for easy access -- so I'd certainly return to try their regular menu on a future visit.We are pretty patient people. Even for laid back New Orleans this service couldn't get any slower. It took 30 minutes just to order our food. The management could seemed to have cared less and in fact laughed that people were tired of waiting. The food was pretty good but not worth the extensive wait. Disappointed because it is a great location and has good potential. New management and more staff could make this a great stop in the French Market.