This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  I'd never had African food before coming here.  Now I always crave the Yasa and the Neoyo.  Great dishes.  I've brought plenty people here and all love it as well.The black eye pea fritters are delicious. Tesrtaurant is in a nice part of town..  very nice ambience/atmosphere inside.   Healthy vegetarian otions with a little spice.  This stuff is goodSweet little African restaurant in the Quarter. 
We went for dinner and were met by friendly staff. 
The menu contains a variety of dishes and quite a few vegetarian options. I had the black-eyed-peas stew with coconut rice and plantains. Highly recomended!
Portions are a bit to big for my taste - but I guess that is American standard.
Cheap prices.Best Lentil soup I've ever had in my life!!! You must like spicy because it has a little kick. Will come back when my husband and I are in town.This is one of my new favorite restaurants. I stopped by because I am a vegan which can be tricky in New Orleans. I ordered the vegan black eyed peas plate and it was DELICIOUS. Tomato base, amazing spices and coconut rice with the best plantains I've ever had. I'm glad I ordered another side of the plantains as well! I also got the black eyed pea fritters which were also incredibly tasty. 
Big portions, incredibly nice waitress, tasty and filling food, loved the atmosphere and decor.As far as I know, this is still the only african cuisine available in New Orleans.  The goat is particularily succulent, but i've probably had half the menu now and been pleased every time.  Cheap!I like this place! It's simple :) Good tea and yummy soup. And plantains. I think that's all I need in life....I ate lunch here not quite knowing what to expect and ended up thoroughly enjoying everything I tried - and as there were six of us, we were able to sample a bunch of the menu offerings.  I am pleased to report I liked it ALL, particularly the black-eyed pea fritters, the fish fried pies, plantains, cocunut rice and spinach.   Great service also - the waitress was very attentive to our needs.Sorry but I forgot to take pictures. Was too eager to start eating and didn't stop long enough to take pics anyway. The food was excellent. Kembal lappa is what I had. Goat strips in a gravy with a side of rice and/or broccoli. My companions had a couple of the chicken dishes. No complaints and only praise from all. I will certainly revisit so that I may try some of the other dishes there.First dinner spot on our trip to NOLA. It was good. Not a busy place at the time we went and wasn't seated immediately. I got the impression this was a place locals came due to the fact that it was nit packed and the waitress seemed to be familiar with her customers. I had the shrimp and potato's. My husband had the vegetarian mal of rice and spinach. We both we pleased with the portion, seasoning and plating. We brought home leftovers. Not familiar with the BYOB protocol I think next time we visit we will be prepared. Would highly recommend this place!I went here for lunch when I was on vacation in New Orleans.  It was not too crowded and our waiter was friendly.  The prices were much better than the majority of the other restaurants in the French Quarter.  We both got a vegetarian dish and I think they were $8 each.  The food was very good but didn't blow me away.  The friend plantains were awesome and very similar to what you would get in Latin American food.  I would definitely go back.  And it is BYOB which is nice.I walked all the way from hotel modern to get here because of its tantalizing & promising menu. 
Royal street quieted down (apart from the ghost tour clusters) by the time we got there, which was peaceful. 
Upon walking in, the smells were instantly gratifying! 
The restaurant had a family feel, decor nice, service warm & helpful, wait not too long, & experience of going to the restroom through the kitchen was unique and pleasant. 
Food? Yum. 
I had vegan black Eyed Peas plate. Besides the white flour bun, again, yum.I stopped in for a quick lunch and I was not disappointed. The service is pleasant and relaxed. 
I ordered the black eyed pea fritters and the fried plantains and both are delicious! 
I loved the authentic African decor, as well. I highly recommend this as a destination for anyone looking for African fir in New Orleans.Great service and a relaxed atmosphere. Vegetarians are in for a treat. The plantains and sautéed spinach was excellent.Really love the food here. Been almost every time I'm in New Orleans and its consistently excellent. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is the atmosphere is a little lacking and I wish it wasn't byob.While visiting from out of state,my husband and I had been introduced to Bennachin 2 years ago by a friend who lives in New Orleans.  We could not stop raving about the food and would tell all of our friends who came to New Orleans to check out the restaurant.
My husband and I were back in New Orleans this week and the first stop for dinner was Bennachin. We knew the name of the restaurant but we didn't realize how long of a walk it was from our hotel. It was a lonnnng walk and it was hot and sticky outside.....we didn't really mind because we just knew that our dinner would be well worth the effort....we were sooooo wrong!
First, the dish we wanted was the Jamaican Chicken..we were told they had sold out of that dish due to the large lunch demand earlier that day....ok...we were a little disappointed but no big deal, we decided to just explore another dish. We asked the waitress and she suggested a baked chicken dish with a sweet/garlic sauce..Sounded good to me so I ordered the dish...OMG!! The chicken breast had noooooo taste and was dry and tough as leather. I immediately alerted the waitress ( who was very nice) and she was very apologetic and wanted to make me happy. She asked me if I would like something else on the menu but needed to speak to the cook first. She took the dish back to the cook and he suggested that he could put the chicken(that I had already eaten from) in a Jamaican sauce??? Wtf?!! First off, If you have a Jamaican sauce, then why did you have the waitress tell us the dish was sold out earlier? Secondly, if chicken is dry and over cooked ,no amount of sauce will change the fact that the chicken is dry and over cooked...
When I indicated that I wasn't interested in that suggestion and just would like to order another dish, the waitress told me that the cook wasn't going to re-do that dish or any other dish...even the waitress was embarrassed and shocked with the cooks behavior. The waitress advised us that she even told the cook how we were visiting and made a special trip and went out of our way to patronage that restaurant. She said he didn't care and would not replace the dinner.
All I can say is, never never again!! I will never go there again and all the people that I have referred there, I will make it my business to tell them, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!Im sorry but Bennachin just is not good African food.  The people who say it is.  Obviously just dont know anything about african food or good african food at that. Maybe because Ive been spoiled in Philly by good west african and south african food.. Hell even ethipian food.. But this right here.. Is a disgrace. The server was nice but it did not take away from the fact someone cooked tough pieces of beef in some chef boyardee tomato sauce and served it was some rice and tell me its authentic african food. You all are being played and due to them having no competition (NOLA how did you guys let this happen when your culture biggest mix is african) so they can brainwash you into thinking this is real good african food. Please just go there because you want to patron a place that just throws food together. This is not african cuisine.. It just is a restaurant existing.Hands down most mediocre meal of my life. Only took an hour to come out of the kitchen!  Don't be fooled by the cozy vibes. It tastes like bad express Chinese food. Whatever you do run!Nice place! The food was very good, i loved the coconut rice and FRIED PLANTAINS! This was one of the best meals I had this trip to NOLA . I will definitely be back.Best food in the quarter. It's an intimate, small place serving traditional African cuisine. The black eyed peas are excellent. Vegans and Vegetarians will love this place.Got in immediately on a Friday night at 9. Service nice and quick. Food quick but not very good. Over cooked chicken and Lamb on each of our 4 dishes. Some dishes completely unsalted and others over salted.Atmosphere was perfect a lot of beautiful art surrounded us.
 my server was very polite and respectful she constantly check on us to make sure if we needed anything.
I had the spicy spinach with baked chicken and coconut rice my mother had jerk chicken with coconut rice and spicy spinach the food was absolutely amazing everything was fresh and nice and hot.
I will definitely be back,  I recommend this place to everyone.
Oh no I almost forgot about the delicious plantains. YummyI've always enjoyed Bennachin but hadn't been in a few years even tho I live nearby, in part, because they hadn't accepted credit cards. I'm happy to see that has changed.
Tonight I went with a friend who's visiting NOLA who wanted something "simple and healthy." Bennachin mostly filled the bill.
Appetizers (Fish pie, and Black-eyed pea fritters) were okay tho my friend said he had ordered (just before I arrived) the Black-eyed peas, eggplant, and smoked fish rather than the fritters. The fish pie was so hot that the first bite of it burned the roof of my mouth.
Fortunately, the entrees seemed to come from another (and much better) restaurant. We shared the Kembel-Lappa (sautéed lamb strips, bell pepper in ginger sauce) which we opted to have with broccoli, and Nyeo (Steamed tilapia fillet in ginger and garlic sauce served with fried ripe plantains, sautéed spinach, and coconut rice). Both were excellent with fresh ingredients and large portions. I especially enjoyed the Kembel-Lappa's ginger sauce with its subtle seasonings.
Our server was good and wait times were reasonable even tho she was the only one serving and the restaurant filled up not long after we got there.
If I could, I would probably give Bennachin 3 1/2 stars (which seems to be its current average) but I'm in a generous mood. And I do plan to go back but will most likely skip the appetizers next time.Decided that I needed to give them three strikes. And I did. And they are out.
Seriously, I am thinking that people have some odd guilty reason for recommending this place. The food is either bland or salty.
Today, the fish pie that I had actually managed to stomach last time was cold on the inside. The sauce was still good but the pie..icky and smelly. Fish should not smell like fish if it's good.
The service was once again really slow. REALLY slow. 10 minutes to get tea, really? And I had to send it back because I asked for unsweetened tea with lemon and it was once again sweet tea without.
Sheesh.
And while the waitress this time did not smell like an old skunk road-kill that peed itself, she wasn't useful in any way.
I am so confused by the good reviews other than some kind of guilty feeling for speaking bad about an African restaurant in NOLA. 
We NEED a good African restaurant here. Preferably Ethiopian. Have had amazing Ethiopian food in the past. We HAD one before Katrina. Wish it was still around.
As much as I don't like Mona Lisa, I would rather eat there than this place...Heck, Re-open Verti mart, please.This is not African food that I've ever eaten, then again, it's not like we even got what we ordered. 
We should have asked the couple behind us how our orders came out. The service was quite poor. 
We ordered Sisay Dourang(peanut sauce) and Sisay Singho (leg/thighs).. Instead of each getting the dish that we ordered, we got one dish. It was a plain grilled chicken breast, boiled beyond belief spinach, plantains, and plain rice. 
We also ordered the fritters, they were out. *shrug*
The plantains were the only thing that had any sort of good flavor. 
Though I'm only a pseudo South African, I can attest, African food has flavor. Well.. most food just in general has flavor..I LOVE the spicy chicken yasa. It has been of my favorite dishes in the city for about 10 years now.First to time to NOLA.  Came here with my fiance. 
The food is absolutely AMAZING.  The BEST in NOLA I would say.  I was so pleased with this African Restaurant with some cajun/creole flare.  
Food is well priced.  We got the SORSO WOLENGHO NI MANO and BENNACHIN
YUM!!!  Some of the best food I have ever had, and one of the BEST in NOLA hands down.  
We will definitely be back again.  Small family-owned place.  Very cozy.  Great service!
Love this place!!!Great find in the heart of the quarter. New Orleans' cuisine can be a bit heavy on the meats and fats, so Bennachin is a welcome change of pace. We all tried different vegetarian dishes and were very happy with the freshness, flavors, and spice levels. It was the perfect nutritional remedy for a body in motion over Mardi Gras. Good service and a relaxed environment.I came to use their restroom and stayed for their delicious food lol. I couldn't help myself because the aromas coming out of the kitchen were so intoxicating! We started off with the fried plantains for an appetizer and they were fried perfectly. Crispy on the outside and pillowy soft on the inside. For dinner, I had the grilled chicken, coconut rice, fried plantains, and spinach. I thought that I hated cooked spinach, until I had it here. I practically inhaled it because it was just that good! The food came with large servings so I had to get a to-go box. My boyfriend ordered the lamb and apricot dinner, I don't know what his sides were because I was too busy devouring my food lol. He ate all but a tiny bit of lamb and he added his left over meat to my to-go box. We gave the leftovers to a homeless woman outside since our hotel room did not have a refrigerator. I would love to come back here!Highlights: BYOB. Flavorful spices. Genuinely nice waitstaff.
First time trying African food and was pleasantly surprised! I have nothing to compare it to really, but overall a nice meal. The staff was great, very helpful in terms of explaining items on the menu. I couldn't tell you the names of anything we ordered, but I can explain, lol. We started with the black-eyed pea fritters and a cup of gumbo for appetizers. Both were decent, although I wasn't a fan of the slight sliminess of the gumbo (maybe the okra gave it that texture?). I still ate it though! The flavors were great! Dinner was the star of the show for me. My husband and I shared a dish of shrimp and potatoes over a bed of rice. It was very spicy (thanks cayenne pepper!), but really really REALLY yummy. Nice-sized portion too.
My one serious complaint is the outdoor bathrooms. You have to exit the restaurant (through the kitchen) to the back in order to use the restrooms. Normally I wouldn't mind, but it was a little scary at night, particularly because they were so dimly lit and a bit dingy. Never know who's lurking back there either!5-stars for appetizers and decor
2 for service
3 for entrees.
They are very short on staff. One person waiting tables and serving. So I understand the tad impoliteness. However, it did piss us off. We were 9 people and ordered every appetizer on the menu. Their best was the fish pie which looked like empanadas and did not have a strong fish taste- just the think I wanted. The red sauce that comes with all the appetizer is delicious. The pea fritters is so yummy. Who knew you could make pea taste this good. The plantains are nicely done. The honey glazed baked chicken is nice, but they could do better I feel. 
DO NO TRY THEIR GINGER DRINK. 
This is a BYOB place (ask them though one more time)
For entrees, you will barely touch the coconut in the coconut rice, which is a good thing. I ordered the baked chicken thigh and leg. It was OK, not great. I did not care for the spinach. The entrees come with a roll. Rolls are v sweet and soft :)
I was impressed they have a ton of vegetarian dishes. 
If I go back I will only order appetizers.Absolutely my favorite restaurant.
I've never had a better piece of chicken.
Always get the fried plantains.I am embarrassed to write this but here goes. Was on Nola an entire week and ate out every night at a spot recommended by locals. The meal I had at bennachin is the only meal I will remember. Had the okra soup with an order of fufu. Amazing!Almost every time we come back to New Orleans, we try to visit this place at least once.  It is so difficult to find vegetarian in the Quarter, let alone vegan, that it is really special when out-of-towners find a place like this.  
They will make just about anything on the menu vegan for you if you just ask.  Everything served is light, fresh, and delightfully delicious.  I have never tasted food quite like this anywhere else I have ever traveled, and I always suggest the place to people I know who are traveling to the city.  
On this visit, we knew what we liked, but we decided to try different dishes just to see what they were like.  My wife had the "Bennachin" made vegan, and I had the "Baham."  We loved both dishes just as much as we loved our favorites, "Kone Ni Makondo," and "Jama Jama Ni Makondo."  The names of the dishes are unusual, but, translated by my taste buds, they all mean the same, "Really good, healthy food."  
The prices have gone up slightly the past few years, but there is nothing bad I can say about this place, and I expect to continue to come here every time I visit New Orleans.Haven't actually been to the location, but I had their food at the annual Jazz Fest at the Fairgrounds. Let me say this -- if their food is that delicious at a festival, it must be AMAZING at the actual restaurant. The jama jama spinach was so flavorful! And the sweet fried plantains... yum!Perfect for vegetarians. We ordered the black eyed pea appetizer (it was good not great), the black eyed peas with coconut rice and plantains (amazing), spinach and coconut rice (also amazing). Would definitely order both dishes again. We got them mild and they were well seasoned with a little spice.  We also got the ginger tea which was delicious. Definitely would eat here often if I lived here.Good place with very fresh dishes. I tried the black eye peas and Spinach dishes. I like the spice level in the dishes. Staff is very nice and helpful. Plantains was cooked perfectlyA must try restaurant in NoLa! Beautifully small and awesome food. A treat for vegetarians in NoLa. I tried Kone Ni Makondo, black eyed peas with fried plantain, no. 42. It was delicious. I could have loved plantain to be a bit more sweeter but it works. Enjoyed the flavorful curry! We also ordered Black-eyed pea fritters and it was delicious. Service was friendly. I could remember the flavors for long time after I ate dinner here.The day after Thanksgiving we were headed to a BYOB restaurant for lunch only to discover it closed. A quick yelp search led us to Bennachin, which is also BYOB.
Server was super friendly, made recommendations for us first timers, and quickly got us cups for our wine. It's not a fancy place. Bubbly from clear plastic cups still tastes like bubbly.
I had the bennachin, which is an African jambalaya dish. It was served with smothered greens. I had the beef option, but they do offer most dishes as vegetarian as well. It was delightful. And it really makes you aware of how much local soul food stems from African dishes.
My friends also enjoyed their lunches. Affordablity + BYOB + YUM = we will be back!This place has a lot of fun and different options. Big portions. Flavorful. Plenty of vegetarian options. My only complaint is the coconut rice didn't taste like coconut at all.Excellent black eyed peas and sautéed spinach, so many great vegetarian and vegan options. Delicious.I was in a food coma after. First time trying African food and it was awesome. I would recommend this place but be ready for a napWonderful African cuisine. Located as a hole in the wall place in the French quarter. This itself is one of the reasons I like it because it's not the usual touristy place that a lot of restaurants are in NOLA. Small but cozy atmosphere inside. The portions are bigBeen here twice and have loved it each time.  As vegetarians this really is a great option in the French Quarter.  Had the Kone ni makondo, which is a fantastic black eyed pea main dish and the akara black eyed pea fritters, I never knew I liked them till I ate here! Fried plantains are great as well. Felt like home cooking... lotta love goes into this dishes.Great African food in the French Quarter. Came here for lunch. I had the chicken lunch with plantains and coconut rice. It was all tasty, the chicken was  perfectly seasoned and falling off the bone. My husband got a vegetarian plate which was also good. New Orleans was having a bit of a cold spell, so these warm stews really hit the spot. I usually like Ethiopian food, which can be quite spicy, but this was nothing like that at all, but equally delicious. When I visit New Orleans again, I will make this one of my stops..Reading Bennachin was 1 of the few veggie-friendly restaurants in The Big Easy, we made a venture over on our first night in town
Sad to see that the tables weren't as filled as other spots in the French Quarter - maybe we were there on an off night but have to say yall are missing out on some decent food here!
Black Eye Peas w/ Coconut Rice. Tons of salt in those beans, to the point it was a bit too much..... regardless, we managed to put a decent dent in the plate
Steamed Broccoli & Cauliflower w/ Cous Cous - this was a white powdery cous cous so tender & delicate. Lots of onion flavor in the veggies
No alcohol is served here so we ordered the Red Zinger - it was like a Mulled Coke.  Dark, coke base w/ spices like cardamon or cinnamon or something I really couldn't place but it was an interestingly good drink
Waitstaff was really friendly & there was a laid-back atmosphere in the place.  Nice way to enjoy our first night - A-OKSmall and cozy, warm atmosphere with friendly service and good food. Great for vegans, vegetarians and omnivores. It's BYOB but there is a cash-only liquor store across the street.Bennachin is a nice little restaurant where I've been a few times. I am a total sucker for their entree which comes with chicken, spinach, plantains, and rice. The rice I can do without, but they let me substitute for extra spinach which is AWESOME. It actually tastes like they add boullion or something to it, I'm not sure, but it is savory and salty and delicious. The chicken is always juicy, and the plantains are nice and sweet. My boyfriend usually gets something else with some kind of meat, rice, and spinach. We have had the black eyed pea fritters, which were alright, and some kind of fish appetizer... it's been awhile, but I'm pretty sure it was fried. I remember that it was a little fishy for my taste. They have a ginger drink that will clear out your sinuses, it's insanely strong.
The service is not great, so be prepared to go there when you have some time to wait.Best meal in New Orleans, African cuisine influenced by New Orleans, not the other way around.  Everything is tasty, chicken tender, beef tasty and juicy, flavorful greens, huge serving compared to other places in the quarter for the price, plus lovely roll, perfect for juices.
 The special treat was homemade ginger drink, not too sweet, and thickish compared to ginger beer or ale which seen thin to me.
 Lovely waitress happy to tell me how make ginger drink;  raw, peeled root, blender, little sugar and lemon to taste; ah, I'm I'm heaven.  
African dancing video playing, loud enough to enjoy but also can talk and hear to converse while feeling like you've taken a trip to West Africa.
Oh yes, fun washroom, out in court yard, from another time, clean, but different for us yankees.Wavering between 3 and 4 stars for me, but the mister raved so highly that I thought I'd represent them as a 4 for you here.  Loved the dim-lit, cozy atmosphere, appreciated the vegetarian menu options, were intrigued by the (pretty terrible) African music videos playing on their TV.  If you come with a larger group there's a great table up front in the window nook that can accommodate eight or so.  They were out of their noted ginger drink, sadly, but we did try the Red Zinger (like hibiscus kool-aid).  The black-eyed pea fritters were a great start; whatever that sauce is they come with will make all the difference.  We ordered a couple of dishes to share - the sauteed spinach, fried plantains and coconut rice (ordered spicy), and the broccoli, cauliflower and carrots in ginger sauce over couscous (ordered medium spicy).  I couldn't really tell much of a difference in spice level between the two, and neither of them were all that hot to me but still had a little zing.  I was not overly wowed by the veggies and couscous, but the spinach was really fantastic.  All in all, I'd come back.So yummy!!!! Kidney bean soup (never had before) omg!!!! Coconut rice - must learn how to make this! Adorable spot with friendly service - so good!!!!We had a great vegan meal. Fried plantains, kidney bean soup & a vegetable dish. Sooo good! Very friendly.Not a tourist trap. Absolutely delicious African Cuisine. If you like soul food you'll be happy. Everything is inherently spicy but the perfect amount.  Order the house dish, lentil soup or black eyed peas with tomato sauce. You're welcome.Boyfriend and I came by a few days ago while we were visiting New Orleans for the week. I was looking for vegetarian places online, and this came up during my search. Plus, it was African food, which we'd never had before. We wandered in here to try out their lunch specials, but saw a sign saying they weren't opening until 5pm that day. We tried again a few days later, but called beforehand to make sure they were open for lunch. Moral of the story, call before you come to make sure they're open.
Small restaurant where you walk in, and the (very friendly) waitress told us to seat ourselves. I ordered the black eyed pea fritters for an appetizer, and my boyfriend got the vegetable soup. The fritters were crispy and light, not too much batter. I'm not sure what the sauce was made of, but it was delicious. BF's soup was nice and hearty, and not too salty.
For our main course, I got the sauteed spinach and friend plantains (Jama Jama Ni Makondo), but substituted the coconut rice for couscous. BF got the red beans and beef sausage with coconut rice (Sorso Wolengho Ni Mano). Both dishes came with a hot toasted roll. Portions were generous, and although the dishes were simple, they were so flavorful! Our waitress was very friendly and sweet, as well.
We walked out of there feeling full, light, and happy.
4 stars only because we were able to come here once and didn't get to try the place for dinner. We would have loved to, but just didn't have enough time to come back. The next time we find ourselves in New Orleans, we'd definitely come back!Fabulous. Good food. Great atmosphere. Fantastic service. Excellent people watching -- even when Woody Harrelson isn't there.I was in New Orleans recently and was treated to lunch at this quaint little restaurant specializing in family style West African food.  It was all wonderful!  My favorite - the black eyed peas and coconut rice.  Also the fish cakes and black eyed pea hush puppies and wonderful plantains!  Actually, we were served 6 or 7 family style dishes and they all had fresh ingredients cooked to perfection.  Thank you Sheriffo!Eating here as I type. You can catch a free wifi signal at this restaurant. Everyone told me the service was slow but I got my food pretty quickly.  I would say 15 min max but I went during lunch time. My meal was pretty tasty and a nice change of pace from the cajun food. I would give this place 3.5 stars.What more needs to be said? There's a reason why Bennachin is one of the most popular vendors at Jazz Fest. Fantastic restaurant in the heart of the French Quarter. Truly something different, and absolutely delicious. Tons of vegetarian options, but plenty of tasty meat too.  If you've never had African food, you're missing out. Oh, and don't forget to ask for the hot sauce!Ordered the plantains app,  the Domoda, and the ginger lamb straps. Highly recommend all 3!  Everything came out of the kitchen piping hot and well seasoned. Be aware that the kitchen is... leisurely,  so if you're in a rush this is not the place for you!  Staff was courteous if perfunctory and there isn't a large variety of drinks. Otherwise a very tasty foray into African cuisine.What a diamond in the rough!  Casual, unique sampling of African fare. Great restaurant when you are tired of the same ole.
I ordered the grilled chicken with coconut rice.  It comes with a side of chopped boiled spinach and sweet plantains (Spanish style maduras).  Lots of food for a moderate price.
Nice for a typical rainy night in New Orleans when you don't want the pomp of other Quarter eateries.Delicious food, pleasant atmosphere, friendly waitress in a perfect setting-the French Quarter.  For vegans and non-vegans, the food is prepared well and the portions are generous.  The food was so good, we ate here twice on the same day. Yummy!
This restaurant could receive a 5-star rating if it were solely vegan and organicToday we decided to try something different. I ordered Sauci Majanja (Potato & Shrimp Stew). Fresh gulf Shrimp and tender potatoes with a ginger and garlic sauce. Very generous portion and affordable prices. We will definitely make this a regular dining spot. I only wish they weren't in the French Quarters because of the parking. 
Give them a try. Don't think you'll be disappointed.This place serves excellent food with very interesting flavors. Our party had beef, veg and two types of chicken - all were well prepared and came out of the kitchen piping hot.
So you degenerates, skip a few bars and come here and eat a good meal instead. The French Quarter needs places like this.We had one day left to eat at one last restaurant before leaving New Orleans. I had seen this place and really wanted to try the food since I've never had African food before. My friend and I walked in and were automatically welcomed by our server. The food exceeded my expectations beyond belief. It really felt like a home cooked meal. We started off with the fritters. I got the Sisay Singho dish which is a chicken leg and thigh served with coconut rice, sautéed spinach and fried plantains. Seriously to die for!Love the food but the service is usually terrible.
It was especially bad today. We walked into an empty restaurant and were greeted like we just spat on the only waitress there. She looked at us as though we immediately inconvenienced her. No greeting. She dropped the menus on the table and walked away she; we walked out. We've been there a dozen times and though the waiters are generally indifferent or rude, the food is usually enough to come back. 
So much for an anniversary dinner at one of our favorite restaurants. The food is always great, but thru REALLY need to find better wait staff.Yes, dear reader, I am at last returning to the wonderful world of YELP! after a far-too-long sabbatical, and what better way to do so than with reviews from my recent trip to "the Big Easy"?
There is no better way, I tell you.
Anyhoo, Bennachin is all the way african.  African music.  African decor.  African staff.  Of course, the african cooking is what we went there for, and let me tell you, it was great.  Everything was so delicious we shared it all.  It took kind of a while for the food to come out (there was some speculation that they were actually back there plucking a fresh chicken for us) but man, it was worth the wait.
I know you probably don't think AFRICAN when you go to New Orleans, but give this place a try some time.  You won't regret it.I'm vegetarian and I ordered the #43. The 40 was out of order. The vegetables were certainly frozen vegetables that had been steamed and mixed with eggplant. My gf ordered the gumbo and the soup was very slimy.
It took 45 min to receive these dishes and the place was half empty.Hearty, delicious soul food. I had the Kone ni Makondo - stew of black-eyed peas, tomatoes and onions served alongside rice, bread and fried plaintains. My friend got something equally as delicious that I don't remember but know I loved. I have been on a vegetarian kick lately (Tofu sandwich at Moon Wok today was AMAZING) and this is a great place to get some really filling, veggie friendly eats. The space is just OK, although there is a cute window seat in the front. We got ours to go but the woman who took our take out order was friendly. I had one of their ginger sodas that was spicy and sweet, a bit too sweet for me but really good. Would definitely go here again, especially in the colder weather.I came here with my partner on a recent date. We actually came here on our first date more than a year and a half ago, but we decided to come back because neither of us could remember what the food tastes like. 
From our food experience the other night, it looks like there was a reason for that. I thought it was because I was just so nervous. I ordered a lamb dish, and it was very bland, from the sauce to the couscous. They were out of the drink I ordered. Service was okay, and the food seemed fresh and healthy. Just not in love with it even after giving it a second chance.My first time for African. What a pleasant surprise. I will definitely be back. I had cashew chicken with brown gravy and the portion size was large enough for me to have leftovers a few times. We tried the ginger drink which was nice and spicy if you like ginger. The plantain appetizer is a must. Fairly casual and fairly quiet. We enjoyed the window seat.Picked up takeout today,  i tried the veggie curry plate and it was delicious, a little spicier than i like, but thats what real curry is.  Everybody else's is so watered down.  I always visit their booth at Jazz Fest so i knew I would like it.  I am absolutely satisfied and i will return.I've eaten here twice, and I enjoyed the food (and the BYOB policy) a lot. Great plantains and coconut rice. The grilled fish and chicken dishes were both tasty. They ask you how spicy you'd like your food - I asked for medium and it was fine. 
I'm taking one star off for the TV playing in the background, and the strong incense smell.I see my last review was from over 3 years ago. I think I've been back since then and just didn't review it, but not entirely sure. In any case, this time I did skip the appetizers (only because I had a late lunch and wasn't that hungry) and ordered the Domoda (beef & ground roasted peanut stew served over rice). It was absolutely delicious with tender beef chunks and a sauce that had a perfect zingyness but was not too too spicy.
Our server was lovely and, as before, the wait time for our food (my friend, a vegetarian and not an adventurous eater, ordered the Baham (broccoli, cauliflower & carrots in a light ginger sauce, served with cous cous) and enjoyed it) was reasonable even tho she was the only one serving and the restaurant filled up not long after we got there.
Look forward to eating there again. Hopefully it won't be another three years!This was one of the best meals we had in NOLA.  The food is screams homemade and the service is attentive.  I really enjoyed finding spots like these to adventure out of the norm.  The soup of the day was a cross between okra and spinach and was divine! It was a cool night so the soup helped a lot.  As for the food, the plates are hearty, so do bring that appetite.So, today was the first trip to this establishment and while I have no previous experience with African cuisine, this was a very good restaurant.  The service was amazing.  The were very tentative to my needs.  The food was superb for what I expected.  I had the Cope ni Cone which was ginger and garlic sauce with broccoli and chicken over rice.  The flavors were very simple, but the taste was very pleasing to the pallet.  I would recommend this to anyone that wants a good meal, but can't vouch for the authenticity of the cuisine since I've never experienced authentic African cuisine from a native.I've only been to this restaurant twice, but I can say that I'm quite pleased that they offer an adequate amount of vegan/vegetarian options.  It's especially worthwhile to eat here at lunch at the reduced rate because the portions are quite generous.  The only complaint I have is that the vegetables they use are from the frozen food section of grocery stores, but I suppose a good many more causal dining establishments do the same.  Also really neat - you can adjust the spiciness of your food but be forewarned - really spicy can be well, REALLY spicy.This restaurant is a gem! Not typical NO, but fantastic! I don't know how they get that much flavor in their food. The atmosphere was fun, the service could have been a little better. We'll definitely go back!Service and food delivery was incredibly long. An hour and 15 to get food. Food is good, seemed authentic and interesting. Overall, the food is not as good as the creole and Cajun dishes we ate.One of the best hole-in-the-wall restaurants in the city.  They have big portions, good prices and it's BYOB.
It's more of a winter time spot for me and I'm into the Beef Ndame and the plantains.  Oh yeah, and the Apricot Lamb....it takes a while, but will melt in your mouth...seriously.I used to eat at Bennachin all the time when it was in Mid-City on Carrollton. Then about 7 or 8 years ago they moved to the Quarter where they raised the prices and reduced the portions. With that being said, it's still some of the best home-cooked food around. The service has always been terrible but the food always makes up for it. Their kitchen is a small 4-burner stove you find in any home and the cook is this small black woman that looks like my friend's mother. 
Whenever I go, I always get the Akara like everyone else and either get the Shipa Shipa, their version of Shrimp Creole, or the Sisay Singho, a slow-cooked chicken leg that literally falls off the bone that's served with a side of spinach and fried plaintains.
I used to eat there at least three times a week when I went to UNO and wanted a home-cooked meal. Now I don't go as much but Bennachin is the ONLY restaurant in the whole metro area whose food hasn't declined since Katrina.Hotel concierge referred us to this place. She said it was African/caribbean food. Nothing Caribbean about this place. Its small and has a homey atmosphere. Very dimly lit. The table we were seated at was super small i had to eat with my purse in my lap.
We ordered the Jamaican Chicken, sausage soup, black-eyed pea fritters, honey chicken, and a chicken skewer. The only thing that helped the food was the hot sauce. The food was BLAND! NO FLAVOR. NOT EVEN SALT.  The chicken seemed to be undercooked as it was really tough. It seemed that we were not the only ones not satisfied as we noticed half eaten food being removed from tables. I would not recommend this place to anyone.Small menu with strong flavors. Great low key restaurant that has authentic food. Modest interior and service was good. Would recommend the fritters and the plantains and we shared one of the veggie dishes with eggplant that was very good.Fritters are a no miss on the menu.....lot of veggie options for people who skip the meat... red zinger and ginger drinks...classy... awesome place and I ll be here next time toooBe careful with the spices. Mild is very hot. The chicken soup is basically noddles with KFC chicken flavor. The ginger ale is ginger abstract with cold water. Plantains were GRRReat! No beer available...a bit disappointed. Atmosphere was great to relax.I've never had African food before, but this seemed really authentic. Everything is made fresh. Flavors are really unique and the best part is that they are vegetarian friendly.I ordered the vegan plate to go. It was fast, hot, big, and DELICIOUS. The spinach was so flavorful. The coconut rice was the perfect texture and flavor. And the plantains were perfectly fried. The bread is sweet but not my cup of tea. Yum!My veggie jambalaya turned out to be a disappointment - low on flavour with an insipid side of spinach. My cousin's black eyed beans dish was surprisingly much better! Friendly staff, neat and clean, and easily reachable on foot in the French Quarter.As good as it gets.
Food comes out steaming hot, straight from skillet to plate. Warm, spiced, healthy fare that fills and warms and glows. They do the best fried plantains I've ever had as well as the best spinach I've ever had. Their ginger drink is magic. My mother was feeling very ill and when I got one and realized it was made in house and with real ginger I brought her back one. She felt loads better and was able to pull together for some more sight seeing. 
If you like warm delicious food, this is the place for you.A hole-in-the-wall restaurant outside of the busy parts of the French Quarter. Unique food selections from Africa. Very vegetarian-friendly. As an appetizer I split black pea fritters, which tasted like cornmeal and came with a yummy marinara-type sauce. I had chicken with coconut rice, spinach, and plantains. Such a simple but delicious meal! Not to mention the portions are huge! If I was from the area I would've definitely taken some home for leftovers. Fair prices.I do not usually write yelp reviews but this restaurant deserves more than five stars so am writing this review. 
*Food*: all seven of us, with very different tastes and preferences, loved every single dishes we ordered, ranging from vegetarian to lamb to seafood. All the meat and potatoes are extremely well marinated. We also ordered the black eyed peas fritters, which was amazing with the sauce. The only "downside" is that the portions are ginormous. We are all stuffed in the end. 
*Services*: Absolutely do not understand the hate on Yelp. We are all seated and served promptly. The lady and the only server at Bennachin is no doubt the loveliest person we encountered in New Orleans. She was sweet, patient, helpful, genuine, attentive and super funny. I get that she could get busy when the restaurant is more packed, but well, she tries her best and it happens when any restaurant gets busy. 
Do not go there and expect gourmet food and 5-star hotel restaurant professional service. Would recommend to anyone who appreciates yummy home style food, as well as genuine and friendly service.Been there twice in six days, now.  Both times, the food was fantastic and the service was quite good.  It's still a 2-person operation at lunch time with one cook and one server.  The kitchen is miniscule.  It's truly amazing how they turn out what they do in that small space.  Spending another two weeks in N.O. and definitely will be back a third and probably fourth time.  We've tried four different dishes and loved them all.Ndole and Janga were delicious and very filling.  The ginger drink is a treat for the adventurous.  Fufu was simple, but not bad - best with Egusi, not as an appetizer.  Would come again!It was a disappointment. My chicken was tough, dry, not really edible. Ordered the fritters which we never got, because, we were told the chef "burnt" it. The service was slow.Fabulous food in a cute, but tiny space.  The service was really very good, especially considering there were eight tables of customers, one waitress (who also doubled as the busser) and a single cook in a kitchen you can barely turn around in.  Given those limitations, food was served in a timely manner, the waitress was always available if we needed something, and the food was simply fantastic.  We ordered the African jambalaya and the beef with peanut sauce on rice.  When we ordered, the waitress asked us if we wanted it mild, medium, or hot.  Other reviews have commented on "bland" food - they must have ordered mild or had their taste buds burned off.  The medium was appropriately spicy - hot but not so much so that it interfered with the taste of the food.  The peanut sauce could have used a bit more peanut flavor, but the tastes of both dishes highlighted the composite as well as separate tastes of each ingredient.  We are only a few days into a month in New Orleans and already plan to make Bennachin one of our "go to" places in the city - we'll be there multiple times this month.The food is amazing. I never try such great Africa food before. And the price is very good too. I love it.If I could pick only one restaurant in New Orleans to eat at for the rest of my life, Bennachin could very well be it. The service often sucks (though the last few times I've been there it's been pretty good), they're cash only, and no, I have no desire to see what their kitchen looks like. I don't care about any of that though, because the food is SO GOOD. 
This is like the original soul food. All of that New Orleans style soul food? It has its roots in West Africa. This is the beginning. I've never had anything there that wasn't good. That said, if you're strict vegan or vegetarian, I'm not sure if this is for you... I'm pretty sure they cook just about everything with chicken stock. Which is probably why it's all so delicious. 
They're BYOB, but you can get bottles of wine (and cash at the ATM) at Verti Marte across the street. I love introducing new people to Bennachin because I know they won't be disappointed with the food.The place is nicely laid out inside - not a big place.
I had the doh-doh and apricot lamb.  This is not what I was expecting - the  food was kind of bland.  The doh-doh was good...you can't mess up plantains.
Anyway, the food was missing some flavor that could've put it over its bland taste.Vegan in New Orleans can be tricky, but Bennachin has a great answer. Particularly recommended for flavor-seekers: Plantains and stewed black-eyed peas, as well the deliciously spicy greens. 
The coconut rice and eponymous bennachin are milder but delicious options for people with more tender palates.
Also not to miss: Plantains with tomato-and-onion gravy -- which also comes alongside the (slightly bland?) black-eyed pea fritters.
Lunch prices are incredibly reasonable, portions are large, and service is warm. BYOB, if you want; there's no bar.I go to Here each time I visit New Orleans. The food never disappoints me. The best thing about this restaurant is that they appreciate vegetarians. The vegetables are always fresh and never overcooked. These people really know how to cook a vegetable and still not the vegetable shine through. The vegetables are not overseasoned, but they are very flavorful. This restaurant understands flavor. This restaurant understands ginger. This restaurant understands onion. This restaurant understands spice and how not to overdo the spice. They know how to take the best part of a vegetable and present it. I eat carrots but I don't love carrots until I go to this restaurant they know how to cook the carrots so that it is juicy and plenty of flavor it is never over cooked it is never undercooked. 
The serving sizes are very large. Most people cannot finish the mail even though they say it is delicious. I always clean my plate.
Go here if you are hungry. The beverages are everything. You must try the red zinger. The hibiscus drink gives me life. The service is very friendly but a little slow still if you give me a plate of cabbage and carrots and ginger I'll wait.Yes, vegetarians can eat well in New Orleans too! I had the Yasa (cabbage and carrots in spicy garlic sauce over couscous)--$7.95 for a huge serving at lunch. One of the very best meals I've had in the Quarter. Very highly recommended!I chose this place because it had great reviews on Yelp, and, as a vegetarian visiting New Orleans, I was looking for a place with fabulous flavors and lots of options.
It may be a great place for sit down dinner, I don't know.  But the 4 of us ordered take-out lunch, and all of us found the food very disappointing. 
  I had the black-eyed pea fritters, which were little golden puffs of fried nothing-ness.  They were white on the inside, without any bean flavor, served on an enormous po boy roll, with some tomato sauce.  The sauce was good, but the fritters were bland.  Together with the enormous amount of white bread, dry, bland and unappealing.  We also ordered the veggies & rice for everyone to share, the veggies tasted tired, overcooked, and as though they were originally frozen.  The sauce. which was supposed to be garlicky and coconutty, had no flavor.  My daughter had a shrimp dish, the sauce was good, but not exciting, and shrimp were tiny, overcooked, rubbery.  My son in law and husband both got chicken dishes.  They both felt the chicken was dry and overcooked and flavorless.  My husband's came with broccoli which tasted previously frozen, and my son-in-law's came with spinach, which was actually pretty good, the best thing in 4 meals and side dishes.  My daughter, who works in the food industry, says all the food tasted and appeared as though they use last night's leftovers for the next day's lunch specials.  She also said the staff was surly and unpleasant when she went in to pick up the food.Nice little place for a quick lunch - southern with an African touch to the food. Quite good, but not tasty enough to try twice. Jambalaya for lunch was a lot of rice and very little meat. I noticed the menu for dinner is the same, prices just higher, so if you want to try stuff, go for lunch.Discovered this place during Mardi Gras.  Proportions were huge but they didn't disappoint.  Amazing food.  The only downfall is they don't serve alcohol but you are allowed to bring your own alcohol...even better? I think so! No cork fee either.no good dudes, no good.
Food took forever to come (but hey no big deal there was a huge party before us). The real kicker was my apricot lamb. It was coated in this tasteless gelatin, almost like mucus. I was so starving that I ate as much as a could, but I will say that goes down as one of the worst things I have ever eaten in my entire life. Then on top of this it was SO expensive. 
Just don't go here.My first experience with African food. We liked the black eyed pea fritters and fried plantains the most. I got the grilled chicken which was overcooked. The spinach was awful. My dining partner got a chicken and broccolit dish with ginger and garlic and he didn't like it. I was disappointed as a friend recommended this place and the reviews were good. 
Decor is intimate and small and we liked that but probably won't be back.Full disclosure.  I went here with a vegetarian friend who needed veggie options and for that,  they get credit, lots of vegetarian friendly appetizers and entrees.  But,  after that,  it was just okay.  Though as you can see with the picture attached,  they give hearty portions.  But,  it was a bit too bland and I wanted an explosion of spice... I'm from the Caribbean and need it. Also,  it felt like the sausage was only slightly cooked, giving it a sort of raw taste. I will say that my friend loved her dish and the bread was good.  It also has a less touristy feel.Love this place great food,great place and very friendly owners. Don't let the name "scare " you off. Give it a try. The food is absolutely fabulous......So good! My sister had been here before and recommended it. We had wonderful service, we were tourists and the server told us we could go across the street and get some beer since it's BYOB. Unless you want to be sweating get the medium spice, I love spicy foods and medium made my mouth burn! Ask them what they recommend and they will give you several ideas. I had a chicken dish with rice and spinach, and I was very impressed! Huge portions too, my friend and I shared ours!Seemingly authentic, tasty African food in a really cozy, cute atmosphere. At the recommendation of our waitress, we ordered a dish with beef and spinach over coconut rice and plantains (can't remember the name!). It was really delicious and at $16 was more than enough food for two. The fried plantain appetizer was fantastic and the black-eyed pea fritters were solid as well. The ginger and red zinger juices were very refreshing. 
We'd come again!Food is fantastic. Great flavors in all the dishes served in a quaint restaurant on the quieter side of the FQ. Will definitely be back !My husband and I ate here yesterday and what a treat it was. The food was amazing, and the portions were huge. 
The plantains were the best I have ever eaten in my life. The felt like they were melting in my mouth.
We're both vegetarians, and I was pleased to see a good number of options on the menu, which is not something that you often see in this area of the country. We will definitely be coming back next time we are in NOLA.I am dying to give this place 5 stars and based on the food I tasted and the service i experienced, it deserves 5 stars. But I'm only giving it 2 stars because of the source of their food.  They buy food from Restaurant Depot.  So the shrimp is not from the Gulf and is instead from East Asia.  I was so disappointed I wanted to go buy local gulf shrimp from another restaurant and bring it here and demand they cook it.  
How can an obviously authentic Chef buy ingredients from restaurant depot when you should be boasting of your local food fare?  Where is the love?Wow! The seafood jambalaya and black eyed pea fritters were so delicious! Would definitely get those two if you can!Large portions for the entree. The black eyed peas, egg plant, smoked fish appetizer was my favorite here.
Make sure to call before going there because they can close early at times. We had that issue once.Establishment:
It's hardly a flashy store-front, but they do have a sign hanging out front.  Fairly small place, cozy without claustrophobia.  Bathroom is back past the kitchen, outside.
Service:
I saw previous reviews slam the service here.  Not the case for me.  I went 4-5x last week, and had fabulous experiences.  Once during a dinner rush, the waiter was slow to refill our drinks... gee, what a deal breaker.  The food was no slower than anywhere else in the French Quarter.  Each time, I was told upfront that they are cash only (and heard the server help others find the closest ATM).  Each time, the servers was genuinely helpful in answering questions or offering suggestions when asked.
Food:
Big servings.  Lunches are cheaper, without seeming to be any smaller of a dish.  The general style of food was stew-like on rice or couscous.  The base ingredients were fairly straightforward, paired with fantastic sauces.  I admit that I'm partial to stews, but it was the spices that truly knocked my socks off.   I used to have a strong soft spot for Ethiopian food (presentation, spices), but the West African spices blow that out of the water.  So. Damn. Good.  They also have a house hot sauce.
Meals:
Lentil soup-  soooo drool worthy.  A little spicy, crazy tasty.
Black-eyed peas in tomato & onion stew, w/ fried plantains & coconut rice- good solid meal, wonderful spices.
Cabbage & carrots in onion & garlic sauce, w/ couscous- AWESOME!  I love cabbage, and the sauce was really really really damn good.
Sauteed squash/veggies in ginger, onion, garlic sauce w/ broken up vermicelli- perfectly cooked zucchini (still slightly firm, neither soggy nor raw) with that sauce I adore.  I thought the vermicelli would be weird/wrong, but it paired well with the dish.
Jambalaya with cabbage, carrots, amazing spicy tomato sauce**
I'm still trying to figure out which was my favorite, and I'm stumped.  But I think it was either the cabbage or that jambalaya.  
Vegetarian:
The first time we ate there, my s.o. asked about favorites/best dishes... and the first question out of the server's mouth was "Well, are either of you vegetarian?"   Smooth sailing from there!  MANY options, and all of my experiences were good.  We were told that unless a dish explicitly states that it has meat, it's vegetarian.  Never felt "off" or sick after the fact, which often happens at places that somehow don't understand the concept (i.e. fish sauce). 
Summary:
If I could, I would eat here many times a week.  Forever.  This place single-handedly saved me from a crabby week of scraping for food every day.  I found other places that had 1-2 veggie dishes within walking distance of the F.Q., but they really didn't stack up, especially as that Cafe Bamboo was closing up as we arrived.  Instead, I genuinely looked forward to a meal here each day.
**apparently they have some dish that is very popular, that the waitress really liked.  But it comes with a big fish on top.  Since it was my last chance to eat there, she sweet-talked the cooks into figuring out a vegetarian version of it for me.  Holy jesus, it was tasty.Food is so bland, it's a shame. Service was poor but mostly because our waitress was the only one serving all of the tables. This restaurant was highly recommended by a friend but my guest and I were sorely disappointed in the experience. We ordered the plaintains, accra, and apricot duck with couscous.Favorite locals place in the Quarter. Don't waste your time at a cheesy tourist place and come here for the sweetest service, BYOB, and amazing African food. You'll have leftovers for sure.Enjoyed the black-eyed-peas in tomato stew on top of delicious coconut rice. And underneath that roll, yes, it's sweet fried plantains. A great spot for tasty vegetarian food as well.Mmm ...  Perhaps my favorite place to eat in New Orleans. 
I love the Jama Jama Ni Makonde lunch special, which is vegan and has sautéed spinach, delicious coconut rice, plantains, and a roll. 
There is always great music and wonderful art, too.Went for an early dinner and the place was quiet. We ordered the black eyed pea fritters and 41 and 42 on the vegetarian menu. We enjoyed all the dishes (order them spicy!). I'd go back again- the food was flavorful and healthy!Cameroonian and Gambian food? Yes please! Bennachin is fantastic. They offer tons of veggie options, and everything I tried was nice and flavorful. I enjoyed the atmosphere as well. It is low-key and relaxed, and it feels like you are in someones home. They also allow BYOB.Wow! My husband and I were hipped to this place by a local who gave us a walking tour. My husband & I have never had W. African cuisine before. I am in love (at least with this place)! 
The ambiance is comfortable & the exposed brick is an authentic touch. 
My hubby had the Cope ni Makondo (#35)  and he loved it!! He even ate and liked the spinach. He hates spinach!! He said it was amazing, very good, & fantastic!
I had the Sisay Singho (#38). It was unbelievably good. I didn't leave much on my plate! The flavors were just delicious! 
Our waitress was attentive and helpful.  Can't say enough good things!Atmosphere was not all that, but this little spot was among the best we had during our visit to NOLA.  It's like the soul of Caribbean and soul food.
The portions are HUGE so plan to share and don't load up on the appetizers too much (but definitely try the black-eyed pea fritters)  Both the Ginger and Red Zinger drinks were very tasty and the Kembel-Lappa lamb dish was our overall favorite, but everything we tried was delicious.So, here's the thing.... 
The night I went it was already 8:30 (they close at 9) and the place was FULL. There was one waitress/hostess and from what I can tell, just one cook. 
I preface by saying that because the service wasn't very good and the food did take a long time to come out but I was understanding of the situation. I dont' know if it's always like that or what, maybe just an off night, but the place is small and it seems like they just can't keep up with demand (which is great!). Anyway, I only got the KONE NI MAKONDO. I wanted an app but the vegan ones were bean based and I knew I'd be full. (I was staying in a hotel so I couldn't bring home.)  The portion was huge and delicious!  I got it extra extra spicy but it really wasn't thaaaat spicy. Then again, one friend calls me a fire breathing dragon. 
If you can kind of figure out a "not peak" hour, then go. If you're looking for a relaxing, private dinner this probably isn't the best place. I don't know if they do "to go" but that could be an option too?
Also, what is it with people saying "most authentic African food around!" as if they've been to Africa? C'monnnnnnnnPlantains were good. Black eyed peas were good too.   Main dish (eggplant and mushrooms) was good, but too salty. Very long wait to get the food.  Drinks were too sweet.  If you have time to wait and you like salty food and sweet drinks, this is the place for you!!I live right around the corner from this place and walk by here nearly every day. It should have been a clue that the place is always empty. But, My partner looked it up online and saw the menu and it looked pretty good. So we made a date to go here. Apon entering the place is small but cute tie died table clothes, good art work on the walls. The waiter was very friendly, being I had never ate here before I couldn't pronounce any of the dishes Thank Goodness for numbers lol. *ORDER BY NUMBERS* 
So I ordered the N'dole** Spicy. The plate he brought back was huge, easy enough for two people. The coconut rice was good and the plantains were very good (never had them before) As for the spinach and beef with garlic sauce, I found it to be very bland and after eating a few bites I was pretty much done with it. So I picked out the beef and ate that just so I wouldn't be starving later. As for as the price and stuff I found it way over priced for the quality of food I received. 
I honestly hate giving bad reviews cause I want to find the best in everything and the best I can find for this place is the plantains thats its.Cruising through NO for a couple days, I only had a few chances to get some good food, and boy am I glad I chose Bennachin. I met up with two friends who came here the day before, and needed to come back again because it was so good. I honestly didn't know what to expect, being that I had never eaten traditional African food before. God..this place is awesome. I was full, but I didn't feel heavy, and my taste buds were tickling. I got their ginger drink, which actually kind of burned as I drank it, but it was still good.
If I'm ever back in NO, I'm definitely making a stop at this place. I actually passed up eating at an expensive gourmet restaurant to eat here and I couldn't have been happier with my choice. Not only that, but the waiter we had was super nice too!
I should also add that I'm not vegetarian, but I did end up getting a veggie dish that, again, did not disappoint.A good place for vegans and vegetarians! Just make sure about the spice level as I found it a little spicy.Fresh, fragrant and in the French Quarter! Seriously,  the food is delicious and a wonderful break from all things fried.  The plantains are yummy.Excellent West African food in a real restaurant on Real St. Their version of spinach is not to be missed.Interesting. A very casual (read divey) spot for African food. Seems traditional. Get the Bennachin.Come for lunch and leave stuffed. Good vegetarian options and giant portions. Best deal I've seen in the French quarter by far.This was our first stop on the Culinary Bike Tour in New Orleans.  Tried the Spinach & the Plantain and both were excellent.  
Great food!  Will definitely be back there the next time I am in NOR.Fairly unremarkable. The black eyed pea fritters are good but theyre the equivalent of something you buy in the freezer aisle and then deep fry. Plantains were good,  coconut rice. ...I don't think was actual coconut rice, and the spinach was just okay. The thing is, they doubled the salt on my spinach so it was almost inedible. Not sure what went wrong,  had my friend try mine and he said his wasnt anywhere as bad. Really, the only reason this didn't get one star is because the service was good and the portions were huge.Yummy food and great service. I had the black eyes peas with coconut rice lunch special. It was super-delicious and the waitress was very attentive with my iced tea, which I do guzzle. Oh, the portions were huge. I get to eat the rest for dinner!A rare veggie-friendly eatery in New Orleans. I loved my dining experience at Bennachin on Royal Street. 
My boyfriend and I had dinner on a weekday here. Since he's vegetarian, I sometimes will order veggie, too, so we can share. We ordered the Eggplant/Mushroom/Bean Sprout curry over cous cous, and the Black-Eyed Peas in Onion and Tomato Sauce over rice. Both were delicious. The latter was the favorite between the two dishes. About this dish, my vegetarian dining companion said, "I could eat this every day!"
The service was great - so attentive and hospitable! It's small on space - it is not cramped, just intimate. 
Next time I am in New Orleans, I am sure I will stop in here for a meal... or two :)I am Nigerian.  I have had Nigerian food.  I have had West African food.  This place was ok.  It is in a less traveled portion of French quarter.  The staff was nice.  Bathroom is outside...you have to walk through the kitchen.  Food is decent.I was debating whether I should give two or three stars, but I've decided on two just because I was so disappointed with my experience this time & want others to beware.  
The last time I was in New Orleans, over a year ago, we went to Bennachin and the food was AMAZING.  It was my first time trying African food of this variety, and I was very impressed.  The food was delicious, and although it took quite a while to get to us, it was definitely worth the wait.  
This time I had the opposite experience.  The food arrived quickly, but there was nothing good about it.  I ordered the okra and beef stew with rice.  It was over cooked and mushy and had very little flavor.  The beef had clearly been prepared separately and did not have any of the tenderness it had had the previous time when it had obviously simmered in the broth of the stew for hours.  There was also a large amount of rock salt all over my food, which made for crunchy, salty unpleasantness.  
The two other people I was dining with shared a vegetarian curry, which was also tasteless.  They said that the store-bought roll was the best part of the meal.  Sad.No joke, this place is what I will miss about New Orleans. (We're moving, not the restaurant.)
Right in the French Quarter so when we have friends and family from out of town, we walk them through the FQ and then we grab dinner here.
Don't forget to bring your favorite bottle of wine (or Makers) - its BYOB. I love that.
Don't forget to pass by an ATM and grab some cash, its cash only.
What's good on the menu? 
Gosh, we're regulars here for the past 2 years and EVERYTHING is worth trying. I am not going into details about what I ordered..etc. because you will be satisfied. 
Whatever you order, add plantains and spinach if it doesn't come with your dish. 
Full of spices, stew-like quality to it and always comforting. 
Family owned; we like to support local business.
Great place for conversations and first timers. 
We live within walking distance so I don't know how parking would be like but I can certainly see that it may be a while for you to find a place to park your car w/o being ticketed afterwards- it is the FQ.
Normally,  Bennachin's has a table for you if it's a party of 4 or less but anything more, call and make reservations. 
The girl (the only girl who runs the front room) will take your reservation and hold that one large table for you - with a New Orleans view from the bay window.We had a brunch there. So first of all location wise this is a very good place. It's relaxing and less noisy.ambiance is simple but comfy. Service was Ok. Not that the server was rude but I felt a little ignored since I didn't even get water a second time. Food was better than average although still not awesome, I ordered one of the few vegetarian dishes.I ate here with my brothers once. If you are looking for great food and don't care about the looks of the place then this is the place for you. Don't let the decor and size of the place keep you from trying the food here! It was delicious! Upon entering I was thought it was too crammed of a space to eat in public and I could see the kitchen straight ahead. When the food arrived though I didn't care about the atmosphere anymore. Would eat here again!The food and the service are fantastic!  This is the best place in the city to get plantains.  I highly recommend trying Bennachin!Eating African food in NO is special. Bennachin offers African atmosphere in their restaurant but maybe they should replace some of their tables. We sit at a semi-shaky table... by accident my husband knocked down his herbal tea when he was trying to open the BYOB red wine. The only waiter in the whole restaurant simply picked up the glass and then left us alone for the next 20-30 minute or so. He seemed to be busy with dealing with other customers but did not care for how we felt. We ended up leaving...Decor is clearly African inspired.
Black eyed peas fritters for our appetizer were quite good.
Beef in peanut sauce was OK.  The roll accompanying the meal wasn't bad, but wasn't good either.
The service wasn't as bad as mentioned below, although there were only two other tables taken while we were eating.A few things to take note of, this place is cash only and BYOB (a first for this Utahn). My friend and I were spending a week in NOLA and this is the only place we ate at twice; it was that good. I don't have a lot to compare it to as we don't have any African restaurants in Salt Lake City and this is the first I have eaten at but we loved our experience both times. We tried the honey glazed chicken, the black eye pea fritters (what is in that sauce?!), the tilapia, and a oh so perfectly marinated chicken dish with seasoned spinach, plantains and coconut rice. We hardly spoke throughout our meals because we were too busy saying "oh my god" and "mmmhhh hmmm". A dirty hole-in-the-wall place with a mildly stinky wait staff, but totally worth it. We only wish that poor Verti Marte (another place that was on my list to visit) hadn't burned down a week earlier so we could have enjoyed a bottle of wine with our meal.Amazing food! We had the sauteed spinach and black eyed peas, both with rice and plantains. The food was wonderful and the service was impeccable. With BYOB, everyone should be happy with this place. Enjoy!Went here while on vacation in NOLA. The food was okay, but nothing great. We had the couscous with veggies in a ginger sauce. It was fine but really lacking flavor. The app we had was great. Fritters with some amazing sauce. 
My real issue is with the service: it was slow from the get even though they weren't busy. We told the waitress that we have a tree nut allergy (including coconut), and asked for recommendations for entrees. The first two items the waitress noted had coconut rice. We also asked for the plantains which were forgotten...twice. We followed up after we hadn't received them, she went to inquire, and they were still forgotten by the time we asked for the check. 
Also, vegetarians and vegans (like us), be aware that there is an unfortunate rumor (we can't confirm) that items like the coucous might be made with chicken stock but you'll be told that it is totally vegetarian. 
Long and short of it: service is not great, if you're in a hurry don't go. The food is okay, but there is better food out there. Might be duped about whether stuff is vegetarian/vegan.I was HIGHLY unimpressed with the service here! I ordered a to-go plate and my 15 minute wait turned into a 40 minute wait! One of the dishes that was supposed on my plate was unintentionally left off. The food is amazing and the owner is nice but the service is lacking. If you dine in prepare to be there a while.Like a lot of people on here, I discovered this place looking for a good vegetarian option in NO- in my case, for my girlfriend.  This place more than lived up to our expectations.  I'm fairly familiar with African food, but not with cuisine from the Gambia or Cameroon, so while I can't speak to authenticity, I can say that our meals were top notch.  We had the Cone, the Ndole, the Jama jama and the Akara, which reminded me of Brazilian Acaraje, a favorite snack from Bahia.  All were excellent.  I absolutely recommend this spot, and not just to vegetarians.came in around closing time and staff was very inviting. They moved me to a table with a better location as soon as it came up, and the service was prompt. I ordered the Ndola, a spinach dish, it can be vegetarian, but  I ordered with beef, it came with a very flavorful rice and a roll and fried   plantains, It was more than I could eat, and very taste.OK where do i start i was looking for something a little healthy that evening to eat so i get on Google and i find this place look at the address and i see that it is a 14 block walk  oh what the hell I'm down for a little walk get to the location and take a look at the menu in the window and realize i have no idea what it says but surely the server can help me once i get inside right?OK so I'm in  and I'm the only one here  perfect i can have her undivided attention, this girl walks up to me slowly  you know like a zombie and starts pointing at tables that i can sit at so i choose the one closest to me. She gives me a menu and goes back to her table and starts playing on her phone 5  min later she decides to come to my table and ask me if i was ready to order? i ask well can i get a drink she reply yes do u want to order to i feel rushed so i was like OK and ordered the black eye pea fritter app and Ginger  drink   i tell her i need more  time for the food order.She goes back to the kitchen and screams the order to who ever is back their.Then the kitchen gets really loud bagging pans and what not i was omg are they killing something? I'm still sitting and 10 min later no drink she decided to bring it with my app.she goes back to sit down to text more I'm ready to order though so i waited to try the fritters.... Let me just say i have never tasted anything to flavorless and it came with a side of marinara  that was cold and taste from a can. The ginger drink was gross and extremely spicy! After 15 min she came back and says are u ready ? i tell her i don't understand the menu can u explain some of it.She tells me that some things have American names  i should stick to that.So i panic again and just order the lamb and tell her i didn't like the drink may i have a tea please  she never ask why or takes the drink .She goes back to the kitchen and yell the order again and here we go again banging and such. she brings me my tea and sweetener then 2 guys walk in she sits them by me the man ask her the same thing to explain the menu and she does shes dropped my food off by now.I look at it and its nothing special just lamb in a brown gravy and broccoli  that's been microwaved.  Then  another 2 top walks in same thing 3rd 2 top walks in  by now Ive  been eating 15 min and no check back I'm out of tea she looks at me  so i pushed my glass to the edge of the table.. 4th couple walks in and she panics no more 2 tops to sit them at so she tells them to give her 5 min and let me give him his check and let him pay.Ive had it i pushed my plate away and say  i had no idea i was ready to leave.The female customer asked me if i was and i said yes i am now. and i warned then  that this girl sucks at her job.And explained to them what happened that I'm am a local. She then asked where else can she go for vegetarian. I give her some names of a couple of places and i give the girl my card. She still says nothing and  for the first time in my life i didn't tip her and wrote her a note explains why.A hour later i call to speak with a manager and she answered the phone and i politely asked  if a manager was there she said no,oook? do u know when she says no call back tomorrow. I said OK and hung up 10 min later a man calls me back and says hes the owners son so i explain to him  what happened and he was horrified  and then i go on to explain that  not only am i a local I'm also a local bartender in a restaurant. That i would never be back and never recommend this place to anyone if this girl still is working there. He said he would speak to her and his mother and that i was welcome to come in on his shift and have a meal on him to give it a try again.I will take him up on his offer but i only give a 2 strike ruleI've eaten here several times over the past couple of years. It isn't fancy and the service is usually pretty slow (African friends have told me that is typical "African time"). There's a TV inside, which can be charming when it's playing African movies or music videos (which is most of the time), but annoying when it's CNN or the like.
The food, however, is amazing. My favorite is the Akara - blackeyed pea fritters. There are so many great dishes. I would give the food ten stars if I could!The two vegetarian main dishes I tried were bland and not worth the price. We had the one with the broccoli and the one with the spinach. The former was a little better, but basically just tasted like it had been boiled in chicken stock and salted. No interesting flavors in either main dish. $41.31 for two vegetarian dishes and a vegetarian appetizer. The appetizer was the black eyed peas fritter dish which was extremely oily, although the sauce it came with was tasty.I needed something different on my last afternoon in NOLA and found myself craving vegetables. I was in the neighborhood and Yelp pointed me to this small West African restaurant where I had the perfect meal of coconut rice, fried plantains, and spinach. Food is served spicy, medium, or mild. I ordered medium and it was perfect for me: a bit of kick, but not overwhelming. My lunch was quite good and the prices were reasonable. I would certainly visit again.Where to start great food , good music and nice atmosphere the black eye pea fritters are a must have by far the lightest fritters I have ever had accompanied with a delicious tomato sauce we also have the ripe plantains we're just that sweet and crisp the honey chicken appetizer was great also we finished with the baked Jamaican chicken with gravy coconut rice and veggies best meal I have had in a while and the prices are reasonable especially for the quarterSUPER GOOD! I'm not one to venture too much with new cuisines but I had heard about this place and thought it would be a good time to try something new. The server was very nice and helpful. I went with a group of friends and were able to sit in the window seating in the front. Good spot to sit. The restaurant is small so it seems like this would be the best spot for a group of people. 
The food was flavorful and delicious. Plates are easy to share as well. Definitely will be going  back.Love love love this place.  This is my go-to restaurant when I want a meal that feels like it came out of my mom's kitchen.  I take all of my out of town guests here and no one ever has a bad thing to say about the food.  It's piping hot and made to order.   Vegetarian friendly and appeals to a variety of taste palates.I went here with the bunch of my friends during the mardi gras festival. The food was decent. We had plantains, dal soup and fried veg something. But after eating it, my stomach started feeling weird and it started to hurt. Overall a decent place for dinner.Been quite some time since I have enjoyed some authentic African soul food and I was pleasantly surprised to see Bennachin pop up on Yelp while cruising the streets of the french quarter. 
It is more on the southern end of royal street, very few crowds and shops nearby, I'd say the start of some residential units. This alone should not deter you especially no long lines, or dealing with drunkards. Fast forward to the African themed inside, with minimal seating I might add! Seated right away (Around 6ish), and was handed some cheap taqueria style menus. I honestly love hole in the walls, but I would not go as far as to call this restaurant that, but do not expect michelin star decor. The menu itself is quite large, boasting something for everyone, well at least carnivores and vegetarians, not sure about vegan. Due to popular Yelp recommendation, I ordered up an app of the black eyed pea fritters with a red sauce. It was pretty tasty, but be warned, eating it solo can lead to early symptoms of being stuffed as you get served a decent amount. As for the main dish, I went with the kone ni makondo (Blacked eyed peas, red sauce with tomato and onion stew, fried sweet plantains, and coconut rice). I'd easily drop a 4/5 on that dish, great flavor and easily could of fed three people! Some may say Bennachin is on the expensive side, but you get your money's worth in terms of portions, easily enough for leftovers if desired.
Would gladly come back to experience some more of the menu!went very well. I had Lieo sisay had coconut rice and black eye pea fritters. Also drank gingero and wonjo. i like trying new stuff. Any of that sound familiar? 
I think Gambia and Cameroon is where food specialized from.  On my way back from ladies room, I made sure to thank the cooks on my way back to table. I dont know what they said back... I hope it was TY and come back n see us... LolWhat a disappointment.  My boyfriend and I ordered 2 servings of a sort of rice, beans and sausage dish that cost $9 a piece.  However, what we were served was essentially microwavable white rice, canned red beans, some sort of spice/seasoning, and the most bland tasting sausage I have ever eaten. In fact, I'm still convinced that we were served hot dogs and not sausage.  Bottom line, I could have made this meal at home for about $6 total, but I left with a $25 bill (2 dishes, 1 soda, tax and tip included).  What a rip-off for what can only be described as a tasteless meal.  Although Bennachin does offer gluten-free options, which I very much appreciate, I am giving it a generous 2 stars because I left feeling extremely underwhelmed by both the service and the food.The food is ALWAYS great!!!! I've had so many items on the menu... repeatedly! Check them out. It's a tiny restaurant bursting with flavor.I hope I came on a bad night.
I love African food. I love the freshness and the simplicity.
What I got at Bennachin was overcooked mush over soggy rice with a big helping of salt.
Now I know they weren't always so bad.
I used to stop by there on my way home from work when they first opened up. I knew the service was dirt slow but I liked the fish pies.
But this experience was awful. The only place in town I would give a lower score to would be Nawlins Flava (totally off with that name).
Not only was the food  (should I call it that?) horrible, but our very nice, pixie-like waitress(She really was nice and polite)  smelled so bad that whenever she came to the table or even half way across the floor, a wave of odor would make our eyes water and our noses burn. The people at the table by the door also coughed and gagged a bit when she came by. We exchanged looks when they were leaving (With most of their meal uneaten). Don't get me wrong, I'm all for gutter kids getting jobs, but you sort of need to bathe before work, especially in a restaurant.
We also left after just a few fork fulls between us.
Having said all that, I have been reading the other reviews and not seeing much similar to our experience so as I said...I'm hoping to all that is holy that I just came on a bad night. I'm just too afraid to try it again.
Wish we had another African restaurant around here.For my cross-country road trip, I searched for vegan-friendly restaurants. This is my favorite find from the trip. My boyfriend and I enjoyed the African food so much that we ate here two days in a row (our only two days in New Orleans). We ate the red beans and rice vegan style, and also a black-eyed peas dish with rice and fried plantains. Yum! I fell in love with the red zinger tea; the ginger drink is also good. Tip: The lunch specials (11 AM to 3 PM, I think) are cheaper than their usual  menu.Having lived in West Africa (Mali) and North Africa (Algeria), I feel I can exercise a little objectivity and say that, although I fully support the diversification of New Orleans cuisine, this city's African food could be doing better. The atmosphere at Bennachin is great and my service has always been flawless there, but the quality of the food itself is sub-par, with a few exceptions on the menu--namely the plantains. Also, they recently upped their prices. $16 for rice and poorly seasoned eggplant?I would like to give this place more stars, but the dining experience was so uncomfortable due to the heat I had a dreadful time even though the food and staff were pretty good. 
We went with a group of about 12 people which they handled beautifully (we made a reservation) even though the place is pretty small.  The plantains were very good and so were the black bean fritters. I got a chicken breast with coconut rice which was very bland.  A shame considering how much I was looking forward to trying coconut rice.  Our friends, however, who got the jambalaya and stew were very impressed with their entrees. 
So my advice is do not go during the summer...this place was SWELTERING, and get either the jambalaya or the stew for your entree!  Hope this helps!Leave it to me to find the one West African restaurant in the French Quarter. Well, there might be others but Benacchin was absolutely a lucky find. Yelp led us to this hole in the wall on the southern end of Royal Street after a tour around the city, and a desperate search for a lunch that wasn't battered and deep fried.
The interior - while small and cozy - isn't the most inviting. It's a colorful space thanks to the furniture and beautiful prints of African mothers, children, and landscapes. But it lacks light and looks somber. We were won over by the menu and our sweet server who, despite being new, made every effort to describe how the dishes were prepared. 
The menu features traditional dishes from Cameroon and Gambia.
My mom, husband and I ordered the Sisay Singho, a simple but tasty dish of baked chicken(quarter leg) served with coconut rice, sauteed spinach, and fried plantains. Every item was delicious on their own but the star for me was the coconut rice - a little sweet and a little messy. I practically ate it all before touching the chicken, and that's saying a lot for my carnivore self.
My dad enjoyed his Cope Ni Cone, strips of chicken breast and broccoli sauteed in a ginger and garlic sauce with white rice. 
Benacchin was a really pleasant and unexpected surprise. Not only is the food tasty, but the portions are generous and the prices very affordable. The restaurant serves daily lunch specials at $5-6 less than their dinner items. They also have great vegetarian options. It's a good alternative to the typical fried food in the French Quarter.Blown away by this place. Lovely little location on a quiet street, we were the only ones there for most of the meal. Nice African feel. I am a vegan and I was very happy with the spinach dish and plaintains. Several other options looked great as well. Service was great, food was great, and I felt great afterwards! Nothing like a nice, hearty, healthy meal to help recuperate from a late Nola night.This is a great spot for vegetarians visiting New Orleans. The food is amazing, reasonably priced, has plenty of selections for herbivores and carnivores alike, and service is friendly and fast!
I came here on a Tuesday for a late lunch and there were only a few people inside. I had the kone ni makondo lunch special, which is a great stew of black-eyed peas, tomatoes and onions served alongside rice, bread and fried plaintains, and I also had an iced tea. Visiting from New York, I was stunned by the prices (ONE DOLLAR for iced tea?!) and impressed by the food. Definitely worth a visit!Really west delicious African food that was recommended to me by a local. It's BYOB with no corkage fee. There is a vertí mart on the other side of the street that's perfect for grabbing a drink to bring if your so inclined. 
They have vegan and vegetarian options... and can make many of their meat dishes into veg options. Much appreciated! I had number 21 with carrots instead of meat. It was peanuty and salty and rich. It came with white rice and a white roll. I wish I could have come here and shared with someone else. The portions are huge, but you're getting a lot of one thing! It's the perfect place to go with 3 or 4 girlfriends and choose dishes together. 
Ok definitely stop in again the next time I'm in Nola. It's the perfect little escape.Probably my favorite restaurant that I visited during my one week in New Orleans.  They have quite a few vegetarian options and I tried two of them that were hella tasty.  The black eyed pea and tomato stew with fried plantains and coconut rice was really yummy altogether and I also had the stewed cabbage and carrots with garlic onion over cous cous.  Server was friendly, decor was cozy, and it's kind of tucked away at the edge of the French Quarter so it was never really busy.  Definitely recommended for the non-meat eaters and anyone looking for a break from the traditional southern cuisine.I feel embarrassed for the French Quarter and New Orleans that this restaurant is being lauded as some of the best African food in town.  My girlfriend & I stuck with the vegetarian options so I am not sure if the meat options are any better (I genuinely hope so).  The primary factor that makes the food terrible is the fact that most of it is clearly frozen and subsequently over salted to hide the blandness.  We ordered a rice, spinach & plantain entree.  It literally looked like they cut open a bag of frozen spinach, microwaved it, and dumped a bunch of salt on it.  Yuk.  The plantains were the only thing worth eating on the plate.  We ordered a couscous pudding for dessert.  One of us happened to visit the restroom which requires a walk through the kitchen.  We saw the cook open up a cheap store-bought cup of vanilla pudding and scoop it on top of a pile of bland (probably frozen) couscous.  Zero points for effort in this kitchen.  
The final chapter of this terrible experience came around 3am the next morning when both of us were having trouble sleeping due to indigestion and feelings of nausea.  I realize that African food may be hard to come by in the French Quarter, but this place certainly does not do justice to that continent's wonderful cuisine.  
Honorable mention: coffee was only $1.  If you must eat here I recommend getting some coffee to minimize the amount ofBennachin reminds me of the good times I had in West Africa. So I already loved it for nostalgia sake. Now that I'm vegan it's equally clutch. The jama jama is amazing along with coconut rice and my all time favorite, fried plantains. I could eat plantains all day everyday and these are some of the best I've had. The lunch specials are great and you get enough food to have leftovers for dinner.We had dinner here on our last night of our trip. It was a delightful break from all the fried foods.Great place off the beaten path! Especially recommended if you're looking for a break from the traditional fare in the French Quarter. Fresh, well-prepared food, with great service and homey atmosphere. Large portions makes for a great value. Please note: BYOB at this point. Would definitely come back here next time I find myself in New Orleans!Excellent Food, Great Service an overall good experience :)I love the food.  I had the red beans and rice and put some hot sauce on it.
Damn it was amazing.Let me start off by saying I'm from a part of south asia where they know how to cook their meat especially red meat. The lamb jambalaya was by far the best cooked, spiced, juicy pieces of lamb meat I've had on this side of the Atlantic. 
A hidden gem of a restaurant.I've been eating here for nearly five years now, and I haven't had a bad meal yet. The service (both kitchen and front of house) is usually woefully understaffed, "heat" levels vary dramatically depending on the cook, and the ambiance is jumbled.
But it's BYOB, relatively cheap, and delicious. I have found the lamb and beef dishes particularly tasty, and make sure to get an order of the Black Eyed Pea Fritters. I would happily live on that sauce.Don't trust the good reviews or the number of stars. Unless you enjoy low-quality, cafeteria style food. I would avoid this place. A lot of negatives can be pointed out, but I think I can sum it all up with one. They use frozen vegetables and fish. Seriously, what self respecting diner wants to eat prepackaged food? Oh, and I hope you like your food cooked in a microwave!Every time I tell someone I am from the Ivory Coast they tell me "you have to go to Bennachinn" 
I Finnaly went and it was good. I got confused at first since so many people told me it was Ethiopian food; I get there and before even eating I see that everything about the place screamed Gambian and Cameroonian not Ethipian. Not all Africans are Ethiopians I'd like to make that clear haha
I felt like I was sitting at a relative's dining room; the tv with the music videos, the tablecloths and the server who looks like my brother.
 The food was very common, it is very yummy, tasty food. It's not the food that your mom cooks to impress the visitors, it's what she cooks on a regular day at home with her husband and kids (plantains, lamb stews, spinach, grilled chicken etc...)
There is nothing touristy about Bennachinn, it is absolutely authentic delicious African food. You will get the real feel of eating at an African's family home.We got the fritters for an appetizer which was delicious with the sauce, but they were plain alone. Then we shared the number 41, coconut rice with plantains and spinach. SO FLAVORFUL. Don't let the boring descriptions fool you, the food is bold and the spinach is definitely the star of the plate.Was in new orleans visiting and roaming around the french quarters when we decided to continue wandering and came to Bennachin for lunch.
We were so excited that they had vegetarian options.
Small place, but cute and nicely decorated
service is outstanding and the food was AWESOME
I had the veggie version of jambalaya which was very tasty.
The black eyed pea dish with tomatoes was PHENOMENAL as well
If you'd like fresh ginger ale, definitely have some of the ginger drink, very flavorful and delicious.
The lunch specials are a great deal, plenty of food and then some!
Highly recommended, especially for my fellow vegetarian friends!Such a disappointment.  There were 4 of us and nobody enjoyed their meal.  From the food being unseasoned to serving very tough, probably old, lamb none of us could get through the meal.  As someone who frequently eats West African cuisine, I was especially disappointed in the lack of authenticity of the dishes.  The server was very patient and we rewarded her with generous tips, but there is a serious problem in that kitchen...Solid African joint. Not great ambiance, and the food isn't amazing, but it's certainly good. If you have never had west African food before, definitely try it. Today I had the domoda, a peanut sauce based dish with chunks of beef. The beef was a little chewy/fatty and not so tender as it should be...obviously not cooked low/slow for long enough. But it was still very tasty and well worth the price. Plus, they have fufu...yummy.The food here is on point! The pictures do not do it justice; the flavors are out of this world. 
We had the Baham with no rice, Yasa, and black-eyed pea fritters. I was unsure of what to expect and I'm super happy we found this place. 
A little on the salty side so be mindful if you need to consume a low-sodium diet.I'm a fan for sure, it's just not always consistent.  I always order the peanut beef stew and it is usually great but sometimes the meat is a bit dry and tough.Went there on a bike culinary tour and had the Doh Doh and Jama Jama. It was excellent.  Doh Doh was some of the best greens I've ever had. I'm not typically a fan of sweet plantains and prefer them green like tostones, but the tomatoes and the hot sauce they make with it changes everything. Would eat there again to try more.Service is a little off but not a problem. And the food makes it all acceptable. Been here several times and have never been disappointed. Bring your own wine from home or pick up a bottle across the street at Verti Mart and enjoy.Excellent food. Spicy well flavored dishes. Looking forward to when I can come back and try something different.hadn't been to this little place in a couple of years. brought our own bottle of wine and they provided wine glasses and corkscrew without a corkage fee. appetizer was oleh-leh which was smoked fish eggplant, and was good. had two different vegetable stews, and they were also good, with couscous. service good, ambiance cozy. gave waitress extra $20 unknowingly and she returned it. restored my faith in humanity.Cozy place, worth the short walk away from Bourbon Street. Each of us ordered something different: a curry dish, something with garlic, and one including sautéed spinach. They all tasted so different, and each was delicious, seasoned perfectly, and they all blended well together, as we found while eating off each other's plates. Reasonably priced too, unlike the Bourbon Street places. From now on, this will be my go-to place whenever I visit New OrleansMy husband and I travel to many different countries and cities and live to eat & drink our way through diverse cultures.
I was not familiar with any of the dishes on the menu but our waitress was very helpful in recommending what turned out to be one of the best chicken dishes I have ever had. It was boiled on the bone, perfectly tender almost falling off the bone and as a born German I love well spiced food and the spices were amazing! It came with a sweet roll, plantains coconut rice and the most delicious spinach that will make me crave having again.
We also had a ginger drink and since I love ginger this also was excellent.
It tasted like ginger candy but not too sweet.
Can't have Cajun/Creole food every single day or meal, go try this place if you like to mix it up a bit. It's also vegetarian friendly in case you don't eat meat.So glad we stumbled upon this cute little hole in the wall restaurant during our stay in NOLA. Their eclectic menu was full of hearty, flavorful food and fit the bill for us after existing mainly on beer and beignets for the previous few days. Service was a bit slow, but not surprising given the vibe of the place and we weren't in a rush. Would definitely go back.This place has a good array of vegetarian options which I liked. The portions sizes are also stupid large so I guess that's good too, you can take leftovers. It's a small space though so if you have a big party call ahead and reserve some tables. The rice was kinda plain for "coconut rice", but the plantains here were great. I wish instead of so much rice and spinach, I was given more plantains though. Minus one star for the service though, even though it wasn't really busy, our server was incredibly slow. They also don't take American Express here.A lovely little dive on Royal St. in the FQ. My friend is vegan and was having a hard time finding something to eat in NoLA while we were both there for a conference. We stumbled on this place while walking around and we were both glad we did. It had a little of everything on the menu but it also offered vegan food. 
The atmosphere is cozy, almost as if you are in someone's home and they are making you a nice home-cooked meal. And that's what the food tasted like as well - fresh, delicious. We both ordered a different dish and decided to share it. Glad we did - the food portions were enormous. We had the Jama Jama Ni Makondo and the Baham - both were delicious (esp. the Jama Jama). The plantains were so good as was the coconut rice. 
The cuisine is from Gambia and Cameroon and the spices added so much flavor to the dishes. The service was also really good. I will definitely be coming back here.I would like to highly recommend this great restaurant in New Orleans! The food was stellar and the prices were reasonable. The customer service was friendly but a tad bit slow.I really enjoyed the experience of a new type of restaurant and the menu was good looking.  The first word that comes to mind is "Interesting", which can be good or not so good.  Which is what I think is typical at this restaurant.  I was asked if I wanted hot medium or mild and selected medium.  I didn't notice any heat in the food, but noticed it was very salty flavor.  I don't ever add salt, so you may not be as sensitive to the salt.  They are very responsive to making changes to items that have the asterisk.  The food was prepared well and the portion was very adequate.  They had two tables occupied when we arrived and that was very busy for them.  They only had one server and she did the best job she could but with one server, service was a bit slow.  So don't go if you're in a hurry.  Also I understand getting second hand furniture adds an interesting ambiance, but it would be a good idea to make some of the pieces a little more functional or just cleaner.I loved this place once upon a time. However, my last visit was very disappointing both on food and service. The good news: the black-eyed pea fritters are delicious and so is the honey glazed chicken, both appetizers. The mains were disappointing.  One dish was too salty.  The grilled chicken breast was completely overdone, so dry and tough we couldn't eat it.  
We also had the world's worst waitress, she was rude, scatter brained and inconsiderate. It's a small place, so we watched her upset or disappoint everyone in the restaurant one by one.  
We might stop in for a couple of appetizers, but only if we didn't see the same waitress.You must try the spinach (comes as a side to several entrees or  as an entree itself): not creamed but full of flavorful spice. The black-eyed pea fritters are good, not too only, nice fluffy texture and a light black-eyed pea taste.