Bevi's boiled crawfish were awesome. Just enough spice. The wait was annoying, but they were doing the best they could. Definitely will be back!We walked in last weekend and got a pound of crawfish with potatoes and corn. It was so so so delicious. i will absolutely be back over and over again. Yes!The po-boys, soup, and gumbo here are excellent.  I had the "Smoky Oyster" and my mother had the shrimp. 
The deal is, if you are eating in, you can get.a 1/2 po-boy and a cup of soup for.the price of the po-boy. The smoked eggplant soup was very good but my mother's gumbo looked amazing.  It had a nice, dark chocolaty roux and huge shrimp and oysters in it. This is notable because it can be somewhat difficult to find good gumbo at a restaurant.  
The girl behind the counter was very nice and I love the location. Highly recommended.One word, amazing. The price for the crawfish was unbeatable, $4 per pound of crawfish. My friends and I shared 2 lbs of crawfish and it was plenty because we wanted to get other things to try. We also got the seafood platter, the catfish po boy, the gumbo, and the beef debris fries. 
Not only is the food cheap, but the quality is unbeatable. The clams were fried to perfection and the cocktail sauce went perfectly with the fried shrimp. The catfish was so incredibly tender. I will definitely recommend this place to other people going to New Orleans.Love the crawfish and the fudge! Always a long line, but it moves quickly. We ordered 20 lbs of crawfish to go. We enjoyed the freshness of the seafood for sure.wow, what a treat! i'm from louisiana, so i know about crawfish, and let me tell you, bevi sure has some great ones! the shells are perfectly tender - no problem chewing them like some other places in town!So much chatter about their crawfish I decided this would be the place for my first batch of the season.  I made the right choice.  We showed up just in time to.  By the time we ordered and sat down there was a line out of the door.  The crawfish were great but I must say the tator tots were outstanding.  Crunchy... just how I like them.  2 lbs of crawfish, an order of tots and an Abita for $16... ya can't beat that!They have the second best roast beef Po Boy in Mid-City and their other sandwiches are pretty good too with their Peacemaker po boy being a good highlight.  Their boiled shrimp and crawfish just aren't as good as my other preferred spots and on my last visit the crawfish were really undersized compared to several other places I had recently eaten some bugs.  The seating can get pretty hard to find on the weekends in here but during the week it is usually easy enough to grab a spot at the bar.  Sometimes you can order from the bar but when it's crowded you just have to stand in line and order at the front register and then hope a seat clears out after you have paid for your food.Great seafood! My husband surprised me today with boiled crawfish and shrimp. They were perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. Will be back soon.Always on a never ending quest for great oyster po boys. Hubby thought we should try this one out. I like the laid back vibe inside. Wait staff was pretty friendly. She knew everyone that walked in...not sure if that means the same few people come in over and over. Lol. Oyster poboy with bacon n smoked gouda caught eye..just a tad bit disappointing. Gouda was a bit thick so it overpowered the oyster. Liked the sesame seed bread and cold beer on tap. Will give them another shot when crawfish season rolls around again..have outdoor space to enjoy them.I was craving gumbo as we drove by this place. We went in to check it out and I decided on a shrimp poboy and a bowl of gumbo. Yummo!!! The shrimp was huge and fresh. I don't usually care for French bread with sesame seeds on top but it was so good, I didn't mind. The gumbo was delicious. We liked the vibe of the place. Boiled seafood looked delicious and beer on tap. We'll be back for a few pounds of boiled crawfish. The prices were decent too. :) Nothing fancy. Just good food.Always great! Always take out of town friends here for po boys. Right now they have a blood orange and honey suckle daiquiri! Yum!!!!! Also kat is always friendly and always remembers us and our dog!This is a small, yet busy place in Mid-City, New Orleans. It seems that their main thing is boiled seafood and po-boys, but we ordered Seafood Platters. We all agreed that the platters were large, perfectly fried, and nicely seasoned, but found that the tartar sauce had an odd citrus aspect (which could just be an unfamiliar style of it, to us). Sadly, the platter did not come with a green salad, but it did include a tasty potato salad. The fries, catfish, shrimp, and oysters were all good. I think we prefer the Metairie location, but we would recommend this one. RJTWhat does a girl who is allergic to shellfish buy at a Seafood establishment?   Debri fries!  They were so good I can not wait to go back.   They had 2 kinds of debris fries, I did not get the one with prom belly.   The portion was enormous and I could not finish it solo. The establishment looked clean but honestly at almost 9 months pregnant I did not explore.Five stars for the food, 4 for the ambience. The decor is more diner chic than fish shack. You order at the counter and there is limited seating available where they will bring the food to you. The crawfish were quite good. They tend to be on the less spicy side but do have a complex flavor. We got there at opening and they wouldn't let us order the crawfish until they came out. So if you happen to get them when a batch first comes out they will be hot temperature wise but if you get there at the tail end of a batch I would guess they would be not so hot. While we were waiting for the crawfish to be ready we had the seafood gumbo (excellent), the peacemaker po boy (quite good although I agree the sesame seed bread takes a little getting used to), tater tots (what's not to like about tater tots), the spicy fried potatoes (the tater tots were better), and the Barbecue shrimp (also good, they give you a lot more shrimp than places in the CBD and French Quarter). Would definitely go back.I've been here two times in the last month. The service is nothing short of atrocious. We ordered 2.5 lbs of shrimp (already boiled), an order of fries, and two orders of boiled potatoes. It took 45 minutes to receive food. Bevi is understaffed and poorly managed. The food isn't worth the headache.Purchased some delicious crabs to supplement our catch in the bayou. Very well-seasoned and fresh!Deliciousness all the way around.Crawfish A+,service,really clean inside,the poboys were great.The catfish was excellent fried and seasoned to perfection.Had a great lunch consisting of the ham and cheese po boy and 4lbs of crawfish without sides. They made a great po boy, the ham was a good thick cut placed on the griddle to crisp up a little before being placed on the bread.  I would definitely come back to try another option like the roast beef. The crawfish could have been a little spicier but everyone's taste buds are different.  The crawfish were fresh and the price was more than reasonable at only $3.75/lb.The smoked seafood gumbo and the cochon de lait poboy were both, in my opinion, outstanding.  My wife had the shrimp poboy and thought it was delicious as well.Ate Craw fish and tried the shrimp poy boy and I will be going back. From Houston and haven't found a place like it back homeDon't waste your time...GO SOMEWHERE ELSE
We came at 1pm on a Sunday for lunch. The person at the counter did not greet us. My friends and I were really disappointed that they didn't have crawfish since it is "out of season. But we were willing to try the other menu options. We took a while deciding then we finally walked up to the register. My friend attempted to order crabs and shrimp with corn and potatoes. Only to be told that they were OUT of all those options. She specifically said "we are out of all sides". I don't understand why the girl working there couldn't have given us that disclaimer when we first walked in. And why are you out of sides only two hours after you open?! Just do yourself a favor and keep on driving to Cajun Seafood. Btw surprise, surprise...they had delicious CRAWFISH AND SIDES at Cajun Seafood. Couldn't have been that hard to get some Bevi.Early in the season and the crawfish were good size and had the perfect kick of spice. They didn't have traditional crawfish boil sides(the woman let me know they would start serving them in about 1 week)
So she recommended the crispy boiled potatoes which were AMAZING! Boiled whole potato fried to crisp the skin served with remoulade.
Full menu had great options and very friendly woman behind the counter! Welcome to the neighborhoodWent here for the first time with a friend to get a couple pounds of crawfish and a Dixie.  We got there around 3pm on a weekday so it wasn't very busy, but I've definitely driven by when the line is out the door.
The crawfish were delicious!  We'll definitely be back.Wanted to try some crawfish in New Orleans since I'm from Houston. Very disappointed crawfish was cold. I'll stick to crawfish pot in Houston.Good, cheap, outdoor seating, beer . . . What more do you want?
2lbs of crawfish, delicious (even a touch spicy) corn, and some spectacular potato salad with two beers for around twenty bucks was enough for two to be pleasantly full and ready to go enjoy city park.
If you are in the area, go here.Fabulous! Great fresh daily menu. Amazing boiled crawfish. Don't miss out on fried oyster Poboy and perhaps some of the best gumbo in town. We eat at Bevi often. They even have a frozen daiquiri machine and use fresh local fruit when available. Can't beat the quality service and price. No frills dining. Get there early or they will run out of favorites. That's how fresh everything is.Awesome crawfish, awesome service, awesome prices.
You're also able to eat inside which is another big plus.
Okay second time going back in less than a week! This time I went during my lunch break (my job is right next door woo!) I ordered the shrimp po boy...which was great! And can I say again how awesome the service is! Even the to-go service lol! I officially love Bevi's!I have been a frequent customer of Bevi seafood for a couple of years now. Today was the worst experience I have had in food quality and customer service. I was on hold for 15 minutes to place an order stood in line for another 10 minutes. When I got home to eat my food the fish was soggy and had a bad taste. When I called to complain I was interrupted several times with excuses before I could completely explain what my problem was. The lady said I took 45 minutes to  pick up my food that's why it was soggy.  That was a lie because I ordered on my way from work and it only takes 15 minutes to get there from my job.  I was already outside when she came back to take my order. Also she told me 7 minutes for the food to be ready it should take aittle longer to prep and fry fish and sides. And then the bad taste she had no excuse for but she had rude and nonchalant attitude as it whatever it was my problem. I will not be returning or recommend anyone else to return.Food was spot on! 
We went to the Metairie location and ordered some boiled crabs, 2 soup and sandwich combos - 1/2 shrimp Poboy with a bowl of Red Bean Bisque, 1/2 Cochon De Lait with a bowl of gumbo - kids catfish plate, a kids shrimp plate, and a few sodas. 
Restaurant was clean with just enough seating to fit the lunch crowd, food was fresh and seasoned nicely. Prices were reasonable for what they offered you. The did sprinkle some crab boil (guessing) on top of the boiled crabs, not a big fan of it, but I would simply request it without it next time.  
Putting this place on our return list! Can't wait for our next trip there! :)Great flavor. Wish they stuffed their poboys with a little more seafood. Might have been a little skimpy the day I ordered.I finally decided to give this place a try after being in the area and desperate for seafood. If you know me, being a NOLA native I live for some good seafood. I have nothing but good things to say, the customer service was great and ohhh my god, the crawfish... sooo good. I hate to say it but better than some of my favorite spots lol. You know it's good crawfish when ya nose is running and that's before you even start sucking the heads. I decided to just try one before i left and ended up eating half the bag outside, in the rain lol oops!What does a girl who is allergic to shellfish buy at a Seafood establishment?   Debri fries!  They were so good I can not wait to go back.   They had 2 kinds of debris fries, I did not get the swine fries I think it has pork belly.   The portion was enormous and I could not finish it solo. The establishment looked clean but honestly at almost 9 months pregnant I did not explore.It was up to me to pick the crawfish spot this Friday.  Yelp just sent us a "Who's your Crawdaddy" restaurant email, so I thought we'd try a few places off the list.  Why limit yourself to one restaurant per night? 
Bevi's was our second stop of the night.  We tried them last year and remember the crawfish being tasty.  Repeat performance did not disappoint.  The boil was great.  We got 4 lbs for me and Shari V.  Size was good.  Crawfish were clean.  No too many broken ones, straight tails (I eat these anyway) or fishy ones.  The seasoning was on point.  I love a well-seasoned boil.  Brings a tear to my eye thinking about these delicious crustaceans.  In short, strong batch.  Nicely sized and seasoned.  5/5.  I wanted to try the corn, potatoes, garlic, etc.  But they were out by the time we ordered.  I was just glad that had crawfish. 
So why the 3 stars.  First off all, the lady behind the counter was quite the pill.  She was rude to just about every customer I saw her handle.  She was condescending not only to patrons but also a fellow employee.  It was semi-busy at Bevi's but that doesn't excuse her behavior.  I just found this lady really off-putting.  Her crawfish were great, but not that good.
The ambiance is more sports baresque than dine in spot.  It's fast casual, so you order at the counter, then find a seat.  Mostly high tops with about 10 tables.  There are a few picnic tables outside, but the positioning of these tables is a little too close to the road for me.  I'd rather not taste exhaust with my crawfish.
In short, I might eat at Bevi's in a pinch...but likely not.  Our regular crawfish spot makes Bevi's look like amateur hour.Bevi serves my favorite poboys and crawfish in town.  Peacemaker is addictive.  Get some crawfish and a daquiri and go eat out on the picnic tables.We recently hosted a Rehearsal Dinner for our son and his new bride in NOLA. My son requested boiled crawfish - specifically from Bevi Seafood in Mid-City! 
Chef Justin from Bevi Seafood was super to work with by phone and in person. He met with the owner of the Irish Cultural Museum ahead of time to square away all the details. We requested crawfish delivery at 7:00pm and Chef Justin was there in person at 7:00 promptly, delivering 150 lbs. of hot crawfish!  He provided a pirogue, a large scoop, and large serving trays. Our guests were thrilled (especially the bride and groom!) 
About the crawfish....they were piping hot, seasoned to perfection, easy to peel - truly a success! Oh, and they came with delicious corn and potatoes too. 
We can give Chef Justin our highest recommendation as a crawfish caterer!Been wanting to try Bevi for a while and finally made it yesterday for some crawfish. I liked it a lot! I want to get back soon to try some of their other offerings, but for the first visit it was just crawrish (and fixins).
Prices were pretty good on the day of my visit -- $4/lb. They came out fast and there was seating available both inside and outside. My only complaint about the crawfish would be that they weren't particularly hot. They were warm, but not burn-your-fingers hot. I don't like burning my fingers, but when they come out that hot, they stay hot for longer.
In terms of size, there were some absolute monsters and there were a few on the small size. Most were pretty medium. Flavor-wise, I thought they were quite good. Had some spice but it wasn't over the top. For spiciness, try eating some of the celery from the boil. It really seems to soak up the spike and provides a nice kick when you want one. They were very juicy, too, so good for all you head suckers out there.
I liked the atmosphere (casual) and the people were all very nice. Next time I have a hankering for a po-boy or something, I'll head back so that I can sample some other stuff. But for now, nice work Bevi!Great renovation of small building. This is the 3rd seafood purveyor in this location and I'm really grateful that Bevi added more seating! 
I've had a couple of things from here and it's all been tasty. The first time the crawfish were the perfect amount of spice. The 2nd time they were a little to mild for me but it was the first batch of the day. The shrimps have been yummy as have the boil veg.
The staff is really great and Katie can attest that I am WAY too amused by the fact that folks just do not know how to line up when they get busy. Maybe arrows on the floor?Our group of four thought this was the best meal of our trip to New Orleans. The bartender at Sylvain recommended this place and he did a great job. Had the fried oyster platter and boiled shrimp. Shrimp were the stars of the show unbelievable flavor, fresh and almost chicken finger meatiness. Never had anything like it. Strawberry daiquiris are made with fresh purée not some mix and it shows. They were awesome.I love this place!  $3.75/lb for boiled crawfish. I thought the flavor was great.  I personally don't want a ton of flavor because I like the crawfish flavor to come through.  Also had the daiquiri of the day and it was fantastic!Since I have been to NOLA on  numerous occasions and mostly stayed in the Quarter and dined at the wonderful world renowned restaurants  mostly visited by tourists and listed in the travel guides, this time I have made it a point to stay in mid city and dine like a local on this visit.
Well the Bevi Seafood Company does just that! At lunchtime it is the local's choice to get quality seafood at bargain prices since it is a seafood market specializing in Crawfish, shrimp and oysters (unshucked) as well as a casual eatery.
For $2.99 you get a pound of succulent, ample tailed spicy boiled crawfish to feast on! Add some extra sides such as corn on the cob (a but waterlogged but wonderfully tangy with creole spices) and boiled potatoes and you don't get more authentic Louisiana cuisine! Compare that to the same meal in the Quarter and you have plenty of extra cash to blow at the jazz fest!
They also make a wickedly delicious gumbo, rich with andouille sausage and shrimp piquant enough to clear your sinuses!
On my second visit, I ordered the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomatoes which was amazing! Large enough for sharing, a huge pile of freshly boiled gulf shrimp tossed in just the right amount of remoulade sauce on a bed of romaine lettuce and surrounded by flavorful fried green tomatoes. The presentation was worthy of a gourmet restaurant!
Needles to say I am here for another 5 days and I will be back again and again and again to sample almost everything on the menu. I forgot to mention the great variety of PO-Boys, which many of the locals were enjoying.... I will have to sample if i can pry myself from the crawfish....Amazing service! Picked up my order with infant in tow; they were super nice and even offered to help carry my food.This crawfish spot has gone through a few owners, but Bevi is by far my favorite one. The staff is polite and they work really quickly regardless of whether you're the only one in line or if the line is out the door. The crawfish is really well seasoned, but just a touch too lemony for my taste. The sides (corn, potato, sausage) are well priced. The location is convenient, ample street parking. It's a great place to go if you don't know where to go to eat crawfish picnic styleI really want to like Bevi, especially since I live close to this location now but this one is always out of boiled seafood. I have lived close to the Airline location and never once did I experience any shortage or lack of seafood with them.
In the past 3 times I've gone to this Bevi during times between 3-7pm on various week and weekend days they have been out of boiled shrimp and crab.  To add insult to injury two of the three times they were out of about 75% of the beers they had as listed on tap.  I understand being out of something once because maybe you got slammed with customers, but being out of something every time just reeks of mismanagement.  On top of that, nothing is ever marked as being 'out' on their chalkboard menu (simple to change), so you have to go through the frustration of waiting in line to find out everything is out (since there is literally only one person that works the counter. Every. Single. Time.)
It's unfortunate because the one (and only) lady that works like crazy behind the counter is one of the nicest people you will meet in the food industry.  I wish this location was as well stocked as their Airline location.  You would think since they charge $9.99/lb for boiled shrimp that they would keep it stock.
Parking is always a hassle since there are about 3-4 diagonal spots of dedicated parking next to the restaurant and more than likely you'll have to park on the street.Their gumbo is out of this world delicious. Have yet to try the crawfish but heard they are the best in the city.The food here is very good , but , be prepared to wait 15 to 35 minutes for it to arrive at your table. This seafood house is run by very small crew which may lend to a couple of problems. 
  First , you will rarely find more than one person behind the counter taking orders , and the person behind the register is often the one who will also bring your food out to you. As the patrons pile up at the door you may be looking at the longer of the average waiting periods. 
  Second , because they are operating on a shoe string , a great deal of pressure can be put on the employees , this can sometimes equate to a little shortness of temperament . Suggestion, go there during off hours , the wait will be minimal unless they are boiling a new batch of seafood. 
  You will love anything you order and the crawfish are especially good during May.I'm a So Cal girl visiting New Orleans. I was suggested this location by a local and was so glad I did. The fried green tomatoes are a MUST!! Po boy was very good. Family had the boiled crab, they liked it. Had the 1/2 shrimp po boy and the soup of the day (carrot ginger) the sandwich was so yummy, the soup was more salty than I prefer. 
Get a sandwich, beer and fried tomatoes, it'll be worth it.
Service was great too.I love this place! Period! The smokey Erster poboy is now my favorite poboy. Tater salad and gumbo rock!Crawfish and crab were wonderful. Had never eaten either fresh. Just remember that a pound of crawfish has about an ounce of meat (seriously!!) Our server came over and showed me how to get the meat off these critters. Seafood platter (deep fried) was very good and piping hot fried green tomatoes were fantastic. Atmosphere is ... well... absent- but you don't come for that!I read about this place on a couple local reviews. Everyone loved this place so I thought I should give it a try. Absolutely the bast meal I've had in Nola. I couldn't decide between the corn & shrimp bisque or the gumbo...so I got a cup of both!  Unbelievable!  They shrimp were not those tiny popcorn shrimp. They were meaty enough to enjoy, but not so large you had to cut them up. I have a customer just around the corner. Needless to say, I'll always plan my meetings around lunch.2 weeks ago I caught the end of crawfish season here and it was delicious, the seasoning was best in the city. But for a year round treat, the swine fries were legit with bits of cracklin mixed in. So delicious!we love going to new orleans because of the food scene, we've been to a lot of seafood places and i have to say i am disappointed with bevi seafood i am expecting more also because of the 4 stars rating. first the SHRIMP IS NOT FRESH, it is pre-boiled and was handed to us as soon as we paid right there and then in the cashier, i mean you can boil shrimp within 10 minutes so why not do it? second the cashier/waitress is not really helpful she never checked on us i mean there is literally 6 people in the restaurant when we came in and oh she's on her phone too. i guess  its not too busy right? anyway theres a lot of good places to eat sea food in new orleans but sadly not this one.I had been hearing about this place and havent been there since it used to be KJean. I ordered the smoked oyster poboy and a pound of crawfish. I watched a lady in front of me spend about $96 between 20 lbs of crawfish , potatoes, corn, and garlic. So on to my order. The oysters aren't smoked... nor seasoned not fried hard (maybe I should have asked). The smoked comes from the smoked gouda cheese. I love cheewe but this poboy was disappointing. It looked nice but the cheese threw me off. As I moved on to the crawfish, this place redeemed itself in my eyes. Sweet and spicy and lots of fat. I'll be back for more crawfishI've picked up food from here 4 times in the past 2 weeks for the family - We tried new menu items each time and not one has disappointed! Staff is great - service is great & food seems to be consistently great - wonderful family run restaurant!!!!Wow, this place felt just right! From the constant line out the door to the huge platters of crawfish served up to the excellent po'boys, Bevi's was totally worth the side trip we made for a late lunch. We'll be back next chance we get!Ok, I've seen several complaints about sesame seeds on the bread. Think outside the box and honestly your mouth will thank you later. The bread is softer but its easier to bite through. I love po boys but its still chewy enough for all you people obsessed with the tradition of having hard chewy bread you have to gnaw through. The fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade po boy is insanely good and I love the remoulade. I've eaten here several times now and one time they used regular old French bread and I was actually disappointed because their sesame seed bread is so damn good. They have a delicious cole slaw that has a kick and everything I've ever eaten here has been phenomenal. The only drawback is you will definitely leave here smelling like straight up boiled seafood:)Was very disappointed considering how well known/popular this place is. Im always passing by on carrolton to decry a line going out of the restaurant and practically around the block and thought "that place has GOT to be good". Turns out they're all just tourists who saw it on tv and don't know where else to go. Po boy was unremarkable (parkway's are both larger and better) and both that and the beer I ordered were inordinately expensive. Glad I strategically went there when there was no line because if I had waited around for that experience I would have felt like an idiot. 3 stars because it was worth checking out, but not worth returning.I had heard about Bevi in Metairie as being one of the places to get good boiled crawfish to go during crawfish season. It turns out that Bevi has opened a branch in the old Cajun Brothers location on Carrolton so on my 2016 NOLA trip, this was a stop to get boiled seafood for Friday dinner. Bevi turned out to be a small space with a clean, efficient interior that looks to be good for eating seafood and washing it down with a local beer.
I stopped in and ordered 2 pounds of boiled crawfish, 1 pound of boiled shrimp, and an order of fried red potatoes with remoulade sauce. The boiled seafood were put into plastic bags and potatoes packaged to go with newspaper included for peeled shells. As of last week, the crawfish was $4.50/lb. and shrimp were about $9-10/lb. It felt like it took forever to get back to my friend's house to start the peeling and eating but I managed the drive without breaking any known world records for speeding.
Both the crawfish and (jumbo) shrimp were spicy enough to have a kick without cauterizing our taste buds, and the fried potatoes were a good accompaniment but I wish they had the traditional boiled potatoes and corn cooked in the same seafood boil liquids. Still, crawfish season started early this year and they were good sized and delicious, as were the shrimp and potatoes, thus happily checking Bevi off my NOLA-area boiled crawfish joint list.Helpful staff even when busy!! Good food and nice environment!! I whole heartedly recommend this place. Great little no frills hole in the wall.Absolutely the best gumbo on earth.  Shrimp po boy beats Jhonnie's in The Quarter hands down.  Full bar, good people.Y'all. This place is dirty. Like really really dirty. The floors, the bathrooms - dirty. Filthy. The crawfish were cold, flavorless, and way over-cooked. You couldn't peel them without the meat falling apart. Their bisque was delicious. The daiquiri was great. The service was perfect because she refunded my money when I told her my crawfish observations. She was working hard and all by herself. I've no idea where to get good crawfish in NOLA. But this place is not it.Friday, I went to get crawfish from bevi for the 3rd time this season. The first two times were excellent. Probably my favorite place to get crawfish in Nola yet. Size & flavor were perfect. This past friday, I went to get them to go & my experience wasn't quite as pleasant. I had to wait to find out if they even had enough crawfish. Once I finally got my crawfish, no corn or potatoes were left. When I finally got home to eat, the flavor was just as good but they were definitely much smaller.  Granted it was the first friday of Lent in a predominantly Catholic city. This will not deter me & I will of course go back, but I recommend not going at 7 pm on a Friday during Lent. 
I will say the other food is delicious too, my boyfriend & I have tried a poboy & also the fried green tomatoes & shrimp remolaude salad, all delicious.This place let me down. After hearing so much about it, we decided to go try it. I'm not a fan of the crawfish. The fries were good. Service was not bad.Heard food was good so called to place order for pick-up.  First time calling and wanting boiled seafood.  Girl on the phone was very rude.  I asked to place an order for pick-up. She said sure and then placed me on hold.  When she picked up again, I started to order boiled crawfish.  She stopped me and said boiled seafood is first come first serve which I understand and was totally fine with. It was her proceeding to lecture me about I have to stand in line like everyone else,etc. I had to hang up.  Sorry, I didn't know this.  Very poor customer service.Their boiled crawfish are always the best! 
Bevi consistently has the best and most flavorful crawfish around. 10 out of 10!20 minute wait for flavorless crawfish served by an unfriendly staff. Disappointing. The crawfish literally had no flavor or spice, you can get better crawfish from rouses (a grocery store) down the street, and that's saying something. Not to mention Rouses crawfish is only $2 a pound while Bevi's is extremely overpriced at $5/lb.This is a great place to go for delicious crawfish at an excellent price! Unlike Clesi's (my other go-to), Bevi let's you take them to go. Nothing like taking down a few pounds of crawfish at the fly!Love this place and love that it exists. Was recommended to come here because I REALLY wanted crawfish. I arrived an hour before it opened and when they did, got 5 lbs. They were delicious! Inside or outside, you can sit and have crawfish or anything else on the menu. I knew this spot was popular because the line grew longer and longer as I sat back and pinched the tails and sucked the heads. Made a mental note to com back next time in NOLA and to recommend it to others.So glad they decided to start opening on Mondays. we finally got our crawfish fix although the potatoes and sausage were not boiled with the crawfish, the crawfish were well worth it and the price was perfect. Cute little spot that will be on my list every time I come to Nola. The worker was awesome and sweet. She showed new comers how to peel them even though she was the only one working.Husband and I went to Bevi's Seafood in Midcity for the first time today.  Boy, were we happy we did!  We ordered 2 lbs of boiled shrimp, the day's po-boy special to share, and beer on tap.  First off, the shrimps were nice and big and juicy and the seasoning was just delicious.  As for the po-boy, I couldn't run home fast enough to write a glorious review about it.  Today's po-boy was haloumi cheese, creole tomatoes, fresh arugula (and mint, I think) and deep-fried chicken skin all encased in fresh, crusty bread and some sort of flavorful dressing.  That po-boy is the BOMB! 
Bevi's, PLEASE keep that haloumi cheese po-boy in your regular menu.  I'm gonna have wonderful dreams about it tonight and for many nights to come!Very fresh crawfish, a bit spicy which was good and served with lemon, everyone in our party enjoyed it...quite busy in here but the food came out very promptly. Beware of eating outside on the picnic tables, there were quite a few caterpillars and not the cute, fuzzy kind. They did have a little sign at the checkout warning people of caterpillars (end of March); eating inside is fine.My husband and I liked Bevi.  We came here on the recommendation of a local during our visit for lunch. I had the oyster po' boy, and it was very good!  My husband had the seafood platter. He's kind of funny about shrimp, but he kept commenting on how fresh they were.  He enjoyed his lunch for sure. We really like the lady working there too.  If we had stayed in NOLA longer we would have gone back, because we noticed that the locals were buying up all these crawfish and crabs, and my husband LOVES them. We will definitely hit this place up again when we return!Someone in our party had almost everything on the menu and it was all delicious. The crawfish was perfectly seasoned, spicy and salty. The poboy bread was crispy and delicious - as were the oysters on it. And o.m.g. the freaking tater tots... SO GOOD.Amazing boiled crawfish.  I can only recall once every having better crawfish and those I ate right out of the pot.  Their corn, boiled in crawfish boil, was the best I have ever eaten.  It was not only spicy but still had that burst of sweetness you get from freshly boiled corn on the cob.
The only reason I didn't give them five stars is they messed up our order which is hard to do when you only order three items, crawfish, corn and potatoes.So I visited this establishment today because I heard the seafood is amazing. And boy did it not disappoint! I got the boiled crawfish and an oyster poboy- everything was perfect and I can't think of anything negative to say about the food. The reason I gave three stars is because while I'm a seafood connoisseur, my wife can't stand it. So I figured she could get the chicken tenders or something simple. So I told the lady at the register I'll have some crawfish and a poboy and my wife will have the tenders. The lady replied that she couldn't have them because they are for kids and they don't make money off it. So I asked her to charge me for 3 kids chickens and only give me one. She said she couldn't do that. It's very disappointing when a restaurant tells me I cant have something that is right on the menu- even when I ask to be charged 3x the price. I have to say the food is good here but I probably won't be going back because the grilled cheese is not going to do it for my wife.Good fries, good fried green tomatoes, didn't love the po boy which was a bit too bready and more so was stale bread.One might say that I have BEVY of compliments for this place, and that would be a pretty annoying use of language, and yet, not at all untrue. 
Lotsa great things to say bout Bevi outta this one over here. For instance, they boil an excellent mudbug. I love their po boys too. This Bevi Seafood Co. is a chill, friendly lil spot. I deem this Mid-City seafood market/ neighborhood restaurant a total insta-favorite. 
Listen, I'm no crawfish expert. I don't know the price o' crawfish. One might say... 
But I tell you, $3.25 for a pound of some of the best boiled crawfish I've ever experienced, seems like one helluva deal. So fresh and so clean. Exceptionally clean- well purged, I'd say. There's nary a trace of nuthin up in those crawfish pipes. Those were some super tasty, well seasoned, perfectly cooked fellas. A heaping tray of em: a feast. 
The lovely lady working at the counter suggested to us that our visit was happening during what might just be the last week for crawfish for the season. We felt the urgency of this. This tip had us making an extra return for more of the crawfish goodness. It felt like a real, "Get while the gettin's good," kinda situation. Happy we got down.
My favorite po' boy this time 'round was called, The Smokey Oyster. That'd delectable sandwich would be: Louisiana oysters, smoked gouda cheese, and bacon. Dope. There were plenty of light and crunchy batter-fried oysters spillin outta this thing; their juicy brininess still in effect, and just barely cooked through inside. Just perfect. These oysters were piled atop creamy, startin-to melt smoked gouda, and crisp-yet-meaty pastrami-spiced bacon, all dressed (LTM&pickles) on a crusty, sesame-seeded roll. Loved. Bacon and oysters, why wouldn't I? Lovely. 'Twas all that and a bag of Voodoo Zaps.
If I could bite that right now?! 
*wildly bites at the air*
Come on!Everything I had here was delicious and I was overly happy to have fresh crawfish on my very first time eating these! Line was around the corner before they even opened! Definitely worth the wait!Came here to grab a bite. I ordered 2 pounds of shrimp which you can get cold or have it steamed. I had corn added and potatoes. They had about 5 different beers on tap. The lady behind the counter at times seemed like she was overwhelmed but she got everyone's order correct which is the important part. If you sit outside beware of caterpillars maybe getting on you depending on season. Had to fight off a few. Food was delicious and had a little spice to it which I like. Def recommended!First I want to say that the boiled seafood and the gumbo were fantastic! The low rating is for the shrimp poboy. The shrimp were not deveined!!! I personally do not enjoy the "crunch and grit" of chewing a dirty shrimp. If the other food was not so good, my rating would be a one star. Also, that bread with the sesame seeds...so NOT New Orleans.  Just plain Leidenheimer's (Toasted) french bread makes the best poboy. I will be back, just not for a shrimp poboy.I was searching and searching Yelp for a fresh seafood market.  Somehow I missed this one but much to my delight a family member of our camper group is a local took us here.  The lady selling the seafood was extremely knowledgeable.  I felt prices were really great for the area.  We bought just about all the crabs they had left, five plus pounds of crawfish and several pounds of shrimp.  They steam everything in their own spice which I have to admit was quite good.  It has a bit of a kick.  I am a Maryland girl so I have a bias for Old Bay but I gotta say they have some tastiness going on!  I have tried crawfish before and was never really sold on them.  They have made me a believer and consumer of crawfish!  Great find!  Thanks for some amazing seafood.Bevi Seafood Company in Mid-City (they also have a location in Metairie) is new by my standards and we are glad to have found it. It's both a tiny industrially designed restaurant (20 seats, maybe?) and retail seafood market. If you can, call in your order ahead of your arrival. We split the Fried Green Tomato and Shrimp Remoulade poor boy. It was among the finest sandwiches I've ever had, with definitely one of the finest rolls. At my request the young lady at the counter selected an appropriate beer to accompany it. She chose the Canebrake Wheat Ale from Parish Beer. The brewer claims that this is the first American craft beer made from sugarcane via Steen's Cane Syrup. The medium hoppiness and body, with a touch of citrus and coriander notes paired very well with the green tomatoes and shrimp.The crawfish and soft shell crab were delicious.  The deep fried potatoes were great also.  Nice little place that has some local beer and huge sandwiches.Hands-down the best meal we had during our trip to New Orleans.
Before moving to Texas, I'd never had crawfish before. When I first tried it, it was Vietnamese-style and full of butter. Sadly, once I started attending boils, I was disappointed that sucking the head didn't result in a pure shot of butter.
Bevi doesn't use butter, but this was the best plate of crawfish I've ever had in my LIFE. It is absolutely perfectly seasoned and I did not miss the butter at ALL. They didn't offer levels of spice (I could have handled a bit spicer), but the default seasoning was perfect as-is. Plus at $3 a pound it is such a great deal. Adding on corn and potatoes gives you not one or two but five of each. Worth the add-on for sure.
After devouring three pounds of crawfish between us, we got our Po'boys. I stuck to seafood for mine (fried oyster and shrimp) and my friends got some house specialties. My po'boy was a typical seafood one, nothing too special, but very fresh, crisp, and tasty. My friends had sandwiches that included pork belly and they were making little noises of ecstacy as they dug in. We also got a side of fried potatoes and remoulade that were amazing.
Not to mention I got their daiquiri of the day--peach--and it was delicious.
All in all, we left Bevi's full and satisfied. I know where I'll come for crawfish on my next visit!NOLA is my dreamy place long times ago,we go from San Jose this time.Accidently,we found Bevi,a place to enjoy fried soft shell crab,crawfish and fried oysters,SO GOOD those are.we go to the store the second time before leaving NOLA.I went out of my way to try this place as I read a great review about their poboys. I went with the peacemaker and creole Cole slaw. The poboy was disappointing and lacked definitive flavor. I was really hungry, but couldn't bring myself to eat more than a third of it. The cole slaw was really good, but I can't let a side carry the review. The staff were friendly, but there were only 9 people in front of me when I arrived and it took about 15 minutes just to order. With so many other options I don't think I will be back.The food here is very , very good , but , be prepared to wait up to to 35 minutes for it to arrive at your table during peak ours. This seafood house is run by very small crew which may lend to a couple of problems. 
  First , you will rarely find more than one person behind the counter taking orders , and that person behind the register is often the one who will also bring your food out to you. As the patrons pile up at the door you may be looking at a longer than average waiting period. 
  Second , because they are operating on a shoe string , a great deal of pressure can be put on the employees , this MAY sometimes equate to a little shortness of temperament . 
   Suggestion, go there during off hours , the wait will be minimal , ( 5-10 minutes) , unless they are boiling a new batch of seafood. 
  You will love anything you order and the crawfish are especially good during May.Amazing prices and super fresh crawfish and shrimp at this little local gem.  
Boiled crawfish 4$ a lb, nice and spicy.
Huge boiled gulf shrimp, ours were chilled. Truly amazing, best shrimp we've ever had.
The fried green tomatos were hot and crispy and I bet the fried oysters would be great with that crust.
Definitely recommend this place, our favorite restaurant we ate at in New Orleana.Came here on a recommendation for crawfish. The place is casual and was busy when we got there. Parking isn't great but you might find something on a street nearby. The crawfish were seasoned well but was nothing out of the ordinary. Our biggest complaint was the service. We ordered crawfish with the intention of sitting outside and enjoying the weather. One of the ladies working came out while we waited and sternly told us that we could not use the metal and plastic tins that the crawfish are normally served on and would instead have to use a plastic bag. This is despite the fact that everyone else outside around us was using the tins. She then went on to explain to us how expensive the things were and how they get thrown into the street and run over. You can get crawfish all over the city, so we'll just go some place with better service next time.The Airline location is a lot better. This one seems kinda 1/2 assed & not consistent with the AIrline store. No daily specials, lukewarm and greasy gumbo. Totally understaffed and not real professional. Also didn't seem like it was kept very clean(dirty bathroom, bar and tables not bussed). They also ran out of glasses??!! If it weren't for the superb crawfish, I'd give it 1star.AMAZING CRAWFISH!!! I only wish they had more indoor seating. They were very busy when we got there and there wasn't enough seating for the customers in the building.Thank you, "Ugly Delicious"! So worth it.  Had the gumbo and the po boy with fried shrimp and shredded pork.  Oh my........never did I think fried shrimp and pork would go together but let me tell you it was a treat!  Also the staff were super friendly and we can't wait to come back next year (we come over every year from Texas). Note: These sandwiches are huge! So, for more variety you might want to get two different kinds to share amongst yourselves.Please tell the Chef - I will trade him my 1st born son for the Merliton/Crawfish bisque recipe  served today lol!!!!! OutstandingThe food was really good. That's the most important thing. Our group of five ordered 10 lbs of crawfish and 2 fried po boys. Everything was yummy. Still, I couldn't give it more than 3 because the overall experience was not good. The only tables which sat more than 4 were wooden picnic tables outside. It was a pretty day so I was ok with outside. The dirty tables littered with old crawfish shells and tiny bugs didn't ruin the meal. Even the homeless guy who cursed at us as he walked by didn't ruin the meal. It was the caterpillars dropping on us from the oak trees that made me regret our restaurant choice. Come on, guys. Invest in an awning. Or at least a few umbrellas.So I stayed in NOLA Friday night to Monday and we visited TWICE! We came to NOLA to find good crawfish and this is the place! The price is low and the food is amazing! The local  beers on tap were delicious! The fried green tomatoes were amazing and so were the fried oysters. When I come back to visit NOLA I'll be here as soon as my plane lands!!Now that's how you do seafood NOLA. All other boiled seafood spots take notes. Spicy, juicy, easy peal crabs and shrimp. This dude gets it. I can't wait to eat here again and again. The whole menu will be devoured over time. Easy to get to location even better. WINNING (is it crawfish season yet?)OMG! One of the best meal I had during my last trip to NOLA. I LOVE LOVE shellfish. When I lived at home my dad would buy a pound of fresh shrimp home for me to eat. For the 6 of us we ordered 20 lbs of crawfish! The crawfish was so fresh and delicious. I am drooling while writing this review. They used a light seasoning which I really much appreciated. No bibs and one unisex bathroom. Seating out back too. Not in the touristy area which is nice.I always experience a long wait time to get my order in, however, my food always comes out of the kitchen quickly, regardless of what I order. Crawfish here is good by my standard, but I'm not from Louisiana. I know NOLA natives who like it. The space is clean, decent amount of seating.
Their menu is pretty big, and everything I have had has been perfectly seasoned and cooked well. The BBQ shrimp is some of the best/cheapest I have had in town. The fried green tomatoes are lightly fried, fresh tasting. The debris fries are perfectly cooked, well loaded. The crawfish bisque is remarkable can just the right amount of creamy and spicy. 
Excellent service. One time they were out of BBQ shrimp, so they gave me  boiled, almost a half pound more than I paid for. They gave me extra sauce when I asked for it at no extra cost. The staff was friendly and quick to complete my order.When you walk in you quickly see almost every table with mounds of Crawfish in front of them. Each one of these tables with a intent look of concentration while they skillfully eat. Naturally my people planned to follow suit and order Crawfish and I am so glad we did. The boil contained celery, orange, spices, peppercorns, mushrooms, potatoes and corn.
It was amazing. We also ordered a soft shell crab poboy which had the biggest most tastiest crab I have eaten before.  Our first day in the big easy did not disappoint. This is foodies paradise!Mmm mmm good!The shrimp poboy is delicious.I love the way the French Bread has seasame seeds on it .The Shrimp were fried juat right.I would say best poboy I've had  in a really long time.This so called other seafood place on Banks St.which is only open when they feel like it take notes.Ppl go here good food,good service,clesn.and you don'thave to guess if they decidef to grace us with their presence.My favorite crawfish place in New Orleans and great prices. The boiled shrimp is amazing too. Also love the fried green tomatoes!No complaints about this seafood place - I was in NOLA for less than 48 hours and I wanted several pounds of great crawfish, and that's exactly what I got.  Oysters weren't available but someone else had previously told me that the season had ended early, and that wasn't so much of a priority for me anyway.  Very cut ambiance, really friendly service, and in a part of town I enjoy.So. Freaking. Good. 
First of all, their entire menu is mouthwatering. We had a lot of trouble deciding what to get. What we got:
- my friend got a soft shelled crab po boy, and it was huge and stuffed with freshly fried crab. He said it was delicious.
- I got a bowl of gumbo. It had a giant crab claw filled with crab meat in it, as well as tons of sausage and okra. It was the best gumbo I've had so far in NOLA
- we got the roast beef debris fries. We only managed to finish half. This portion is HUGE and filled with so much roast beef. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 
- i also got a satsuma lemonade with ginger everclear. The lemonade was clearly made with fresh satsumas, as it was perfectly naturally sweet. I was skeptical about the everclear but the cocktail was delicious. 
All in all, all of that ran us about $40.Came here to grab a bite. I ordered 2 pounds of shrimp which you can get cold or have it steamed. I had corn added and potatoes. They had about 5 different beers on tap. The lady behind the counter at times seemed like she was overwhelmed but she got everyone's order correct which is the important part. If you sit outside beware of caterpillars maybe getting on you depending on season. Had to fight off a few. Food was delicious and had a little spice to it which I like. Def recommended!Everything was great!! They need help at the front counter!! One person st the register ..one filling orders!! Had 20 people in line...?When in NOLA, you have to eat crawfish. The crawfish is really fresh and cheap because it's locally sourced.
I came here with 5 friends and we ordered 16 pounds of crawfish (each pound is $3.99 instead of $4.99 when you order more than 15 pounds). The crawfish is really juicy here! I made my own lemon salt and pepper dipping sauce which paired well with the crawfish. We also got a side of fried potatoes- these potatoes are amazing. They're moist on the inside yet crunchy on the outside. They come with this spicy, creamy sauce that's so delicious. Definitely order the potatoes!
Always go early before lunch/dinner rush hits because it gets pretty busy during peak hours.Bevi was crazy busy with a constant line while we had lunch there. However, I could see why as the food and service were great. I had been to the Metairie location which was food, and this one is outstanding as well. I got the cure Poboy- amazingly delicious. I am certainly coming back!Big portions! The debris fries are a must! 
Seafood plates and boiled seafood = thumbs upFirst time coming here, regular spot was closed and thought I would give this place a try. The cashier was very rude and made me and the other person I was with very uncomfortable. We ordered a few pounds of crawfish and some corn and potatoes and asked to switch out some potatoes for some corn and she acted like I was asking for something extraordinary. 
The people behind us ordered while we were checking out and we were then asked to give our corn to them because there was not enough for them. I have never been asked to give away the food I ordered because someone else wanted it as well. So we felt uncomfortable and let them have it. She then commented on the amount we tipped, saying oh "zero" before she read the next one where we did tip. Rude.
Also, crawfish was okay. I feel we mostly paid for orange slices than actual crawfish. The flavor was just okay.
Overall  horrible experience. Also, we were schooled on how they do not take phone orders because of demand. Will continue to go to our regular spot by the lake where the people are always kind and welcoming no matter how busy they are, crawfish have way better flavor, and you can call in an order and they will happily assist you.Crawfish was very solid. They should get the smoothie king next door to share some parking spots. Definitely got my crawfish craving fixed for that day.Ordered a BLT-O, combo poboy with tater tots, & kids shrimp with fries to go.  Food was hot, crispy, and delicious even though we had to wait 15 mins before we could eat it.  Large sandwiches filled with delicious seafood & generous portions for kids meal.  Thought the food was a little pricy until we saw the portions.  Easy to order, quick, and friendly staff at pickup.  Parking may be hard although we were lucky and found a spot next to the building.  Looking forward to going back and trying some other items at the restaurant.Great new place on the Blvd. This location has bar seating and six tables for dinning in and eating some great authentic cuisines including some of the best boiled seafood in the city!
We came in and wasn't sure if we would like the crawfish due to some places over seasoning them, but the lady at the counter let us try them, and they were absolutely GREAT. Not too spicy, your noise don't even run LOL.  
Try the combo-poboy. You can get a seafood poboy with your choice of two of the three oyster/shrimp/catfish. Loved the shrimp and catfish combo I got. Battered and seasoned really well, and the pricing was great. This location also has alcohol from beer to a small bar.Po-boys give parkway bakery a run for their money. Try the soft shell crab one! It is amazing! Otherwise the Caesar salad with blackened shrimp is great!This is a true locals joint. Get off Bourbon St and eat like you live in NOLA.
Great people fantastic food! Does not get any better than this, if you want a Po boy or just fresh local seafood; this is the place. From French Quarter get on street car to City Park, as soon as it turns right get off you're at Bevi's. Buy the $3 all day pass.I've been a fan of Bevi  for a while now and typically dine at the Airline Hey location where we've had some outstanding meals and good consistency.
Unfortunately , the same can't be said for the mid city location. Today we went there and I had some crawfish that were truly terrible. I asked before how they were as. Realize it's early season and would be small. The young lady replied they were delicious. They were nasty. Grey and mealy. I told them and the same person just repeated they were small and I said small was fine, nasty was not. She offered another dose and I said no, as we all know once you've had bad Seafood it's pretty much over for that meal.
She should have offered to take them off the ticket but said it's not their policy.  Hard to believe. I've been in the business and when a customer doesn't like a dish you just take it off the bill.
We had ordered several other items that were OK but not nearly the quality of the main location.
Management should do due diligence here. They can do better.UPDATE - For someone who spends A LOT of money here. I shouldn't be ignored 20+ minutes before taking my order. A family walked in after me and sat at the bar and were treated like royalty. Had to wait even longer for crawfish bc this family was served before me.
BEST CRAWFISH IN THE CITY. Pretty good specialty daiquiris too. Can't wait to take my favorite puppy to eat my favorite food on Saturdays at lunch the spring again.Crawfish tasted great but they seemed to be torn apart during boiling and, most annoyingly, contained a lot of citrus rind. In my $5 per pound 5 pounds, almost 1 pound of it was inedible "seasoning,"  aka orange peels and onions.Delicious and quick!  My husband loves the po-boys, and I love the fried pickles and daily soup specials. They have the best boiled crawfish in the city.We had lunch at Bevi's during first weekend of Jazz Fest 2019.  My husband and I ordered the Oyster Po Boy which was super delicious with a lot of oysters! Service was nice and friendly.  This is a no frills place where you order at the counter and wait for your food to come.  It was a little busy when we were there and the staff hustled to get our orders in and bring them to us so it didn't take away from the experience of enjoying a delicous lunch.  I think y'all will enjoy it as much as we did.We were craving a crawfish boil, but since it wasn't in season, we still wanted other seafood and discovered Bevi. You can order whatever you want and it'll come in plastic bags. We got the small crabs and a bag of shrimp. It didn't look like there was much flavor on the seafood, but the lady told us it was well seasoned- and it was! The seafood was really fresh and we went to town, not caring how we looked as we tore it all apart. They provided all the tools and paper towels for us to dig in.
While I'm never completely satisfied eating seafood as a full meal, it was a good appetizer before we went off to our second dinner!We came to Bevi and they had something going on with their kitchen that day and weren't able to make their full menu. We just wanted the seafood anyway which they luckily had 2-3 bag fulls of left! We wanted crawfish since that's one seafood that New Orleans is known for, but apparently they're not in season :(. We got a few crabs and a bag of shrimp instead. We were use to having our "cajun" super saucy so we asked if there was flavor in the seafood and she told us there was a lot. We took her word for it and boy was she right! The shrimp was full of cajun spices and the bay leaves added a great flavor as well. The crab was super fresh, juicy and was full of spices as well. There was no need for the extra sauces and it was so good, we licked all our fingers clean in the end.
Overall, it was a delicious "meal" as we had a second dinner afterwards.
See blog for what else to eat in NOLA: http://sophaddicted.com/new-orleans-la-what-to-eat/The catfish po boy was so delicious. For the price I was not expecting to get as much food as I did. Plentiful in the servings. Would mot definitely recommend.Crawfish was impeccable and decently priced, especially since crawfish prices are outrageous right now!!! Perfect seasoning, right amount of spice and not too salty. Po boys were also good and was big enough to share. 10/10 would recommend!I came here hoping to get a tray of their crawfish, but it was sold out on a Monday afternoon. The server told us everything else on the menu is still just as great, including the shrimp. I thought I was getting the boiled shrimp, but actually made a completely wrong order. Maybe that's where it went wrong, but either way I wasn't too excited about my meal once it came out.
The two of us shared the 2 Combo Seafood Platter with Fried Shrimp and Fried Oysters ($19.99) and the Soup and Sandwich Special ($11.99). For the platter, the server gave us extra fries in replacement for the potato salad it was supposed to come with which we didn't mind too much, but there was definitely no toast. This entire platter was just filled with way too much fried things for me. I had a couple pieces and was done. I do have to say that the fried oysters and french fries were very tasty though. As for the sandwich, we got the Catfish & Shrimp Combo Poboy with the Gumbo for an extra dollar. Because we were so full, we only ate the fried pieces of the poboy and tossed the sandwich out. Their gumbo is pretty good with flavor, at least.I went to Bevi one night and got about a dozen medium boiled crabs to take home.  They looked good, they smelled good, but they didn't taste very good.  All of the crabs had one issue or another.  Some were too spicy, some had mushy meat, some had very little meat, and some just straight didn't taste good at all.  It'd be one thing if they were all too spicy, are all not spicy enough.  Then it would just be a preference issue.  But they were all over the place.  It made me not want to go back there at all.We stumbled upon this restaurant by chance while visiting New Orleans. This was by far the BEST food I've had on my vacation. Not to mention the customer service was immaculate. I will definitely be returning the next time I am in town!I ordered half a regular poboy with a side of gumbo soup on a Tuesday evening, where the staff mentioned that it had quietened down significantly from the lunch rush.  Waited over 30 minutes for my order.  I'm sure the boiled seafood here is good but I wouldn't say my poboy and gumbo were worth a half-hour wait.  They were pretty average.Smells super fishy once you walk in, but the food really makes up for it. We came in on a pouring Saturday, and there was a huge line! The rain doesn't stop anyone in mid city from coming. You're able to take your food to go, which was convenient. 
We got a few pounds of crawfish and the oyster poboy, both were delicious. The poboy had tons of smoked Gouda and was stuffed with oysters. And everyone gets the crawfish. There wasn't a single table without a mound of them! They also sell fresh steamed shrimp, crabs, and have a full poboy menu. 
Their soda machine was a loss though, half the sodas weren't working. It took a while for them to clean off a table, and overall not the cleanest establishment. Good food though!I've waited FOUR years to get back to New Orleans and eat crawfish. My fiancé and I had our hearts set in Bevi after seeing it on Somebody Feed Phil. It did not disappoint. The flavors and spices in everything are heavenly. I could eat there all day everyday. The potato salad is bomb.com. The cole slaw is bananas good. And the crawfish? They are the tits.
Don't be dumb. Eat here.Shrimp and crawfish were not the same quality I remember from our prior visit. Both were overcooked and seasoned a little too heavily, making them softer, a little mushy and the excess salt/spice burned. Loved the outdoor seating.We stopped here as we were riding around the city on our folding bikes checking out the sights. We can't lock them up and they fold smaller than a briefcase, so we brought them in and tucked them in a corner out of the way. Apparently, this is a new thing for a lot of businesses, as we were told we had to lock them outside. Once we explained that they would be out of the way, we were GTG. And I'm glad they let us stay because their BBQ shrimp was out of this world! Holy wow, we had butter and spices dripping down our hands-- as a midwesterner, I've never had anything like it. Now that we're back in Chicago, we often dream about this place and are looking forward to those BBQ shrimp. I hope they let us bring our folding bikes in again, eating at Bevi was one of the genuine highlights of our trip. (ps: I still have no idea how to eat crawfish. We tried!)Good food, decent service.
A little breakdown of the menu would have been a good move by the employees taking orders.
I was I curious but she seemed in a hurry.
5/4 because of thatWent here yesterday with friends expecting great food because of all the good reviews only to be disappointed. Well all got crawfish and fried catfish. First, crawfish was over cooked and pretty much bland. Only a little seasoning and wasn't spicy at all. Catfish had no flavor at all. Customer service was good which is why I gave it two stars.Called, they answered. Friendly and quick. Great crawfish. Best price I could find. I will be back. Good spice. Could use a lil more but overall very good.Excellent. We got a peacemaker, fried green tomatoes, and a pound of boiled crawfish -- our first crawfish experience ever. My wife was terrified when they came out, but we persevered and really enjoyed them. The peacemaker was excellent as well, and we liked the fried green tomatoes too. 
Really good spot. Somewhat far out, and I'd definitely like to try some other poboys next time I'm in New Orleans, but this was well worth the trip.Let me start by saying how amazing the food and front of house staff are! The soft shell crab was to die for! AND THE DAIQUIRI ..... was killer. I will be coming back for shrimp (probably getting it to go- see below)
But it's Saturday night and there are families here, and the staff in the kitchen is SO LOUD. They are screaming profanities ( said ***k it about 10-15 times In a row) and you can hear them above the radio. In the 30 minutes I sat there, they did not stop. UNREAL!Love this place. Great boiled seafood and po boys. We come every time we're come back to NOLA. 
Usually get a daiquiri to go too.... don't take those for granted if you move away from NOLA.Came here looking for crawfish, and found out that this was one of the few places that offered it when it was not high crawfish season.  It was  $6 a pound, and we got four pounds.  Almost got five pounds and glad we didn't when I saw how much crawfish was included.  We also ordered the sausage.
The crawfish was pre cooked.  I don't know if it was fresh or frozen crawfish since it was already cooked.  The crawfish has a good amount of flavor from the spices.  The sausage was big.  We weren't able to finish it since we had a meal before this aiming with the four pound of crawfish.  
Parking is limited.  There is only one restroom.  Space is small, but they have a few picnic tables outside.2/22/2018
Beware!!!  Picked up 6# of crawfish to go around 5pm. I asked the girl if they were hot (temperature).  She said yes.  She lied. The bundle was "warm".  The crawfish were water logged and mushy. Many disintegrated. Tearing off the head, water ran out.  They should never have been for sale.Finally got around to the joy of getting boiled crawfish to go, after living in NOLA almost a year (had it plenty out!). One of my native friends recommended Bevi and it did not disappoint! Got my 3 lbs plus a few sides for under $20. Perfectly seasoned too, where the spice builds but doesn't overpower. 
Bonus is that it's right by Angelo Brocato's so I took dessert home too.Walked here from our Airbnb. By the time we left the line was put the door. My husband and I got boiled shrimp and crawfish which were delicious. The woman working behind the counter, by herself, was friendly even with her over whelming job. She was fast on her feet. Very casual with tables and a counter area. Definitely less spicy then a previous place we visited. I enjoyed Bevi more. 
Bathroom could use some cleaning.We have been here many times on our trips to New Orleans. This time we ordered boiled crawfish (out of season, but still very yummy), fried oyster po boys, and fried green tomatoes. Everything was very good, and the waitstaff were pleasant and helpful. Will continue to be a stop for our family!crawfish had no seasoning and the shrimp was cold and had sat so long that it was mushy and smelled. price was good but i guess you get what you pay forYou can smell the boil upon entering & it will make you hungry even if you aren't.  The crawfish couldn't be fresher, the tails came out with little resistance and the flavor of the crawfish was sweet (like fresh seafood ought to be). The crawfish had absorbed the delicious boil, only wish it was a bit spicier.
No BBQ shrimp available today. The busser kept the place clean so tge tables were never sitting unused for long. Will be back for the fresh & tasty crawfish (& hopefully bbq shrimp).I have had the boiled seafood many times. It is always great, but this time we decided to try their sandwiches.  I got the shrimp poboy and it was good. My husband got the Cochon de lait poboy, and it was delicious! We also had the debris French fries! Both meats were cooked perfectly and yummy! We will definitely be going back. Everyone was very nice and helpful!!!This place was delicious and efficient. Amazing! The crawfish were so flavorful, good sized, and juicy. And the gumbo was also very good! Everything is very reasonably priced as well.I came here for crawfish because I heard they were good. However, I was thrown completely off track by the strong poboy game they're running here. This is next level stuff folks. I highly recommend.First crawfish boil for me. It was soooooo delish! Food great, service great. Portions massive. Yummo!Bland and over cooked crawfish that deteriorate between your fingers when you try and peel them. We threw out the majority of our order of crawfish just now. What a serious let down!This place (in Midtown) is nice and I liked the vibe, but I was disappointed to arrive at 6:40 pm on a Wednesday (they close at 8) to try and order some boiled seafood only for the guy to seemed super confused by my asking for it and him replying that everything but the shrimp was sold out. So, I recommend you call ahead to verify before you make the trip. The woman who started serving while we were eating was a bit more proactive on alerting anyone that walked in that they were sold out of a lot of stuff. Any way, I'm sure I would have loved it more if they had what I wanted. The potatoes, corn, and sausage were yummy and perfectly spiced. Shrimp was good, but tasted a bit watery (I guess since it's was the end of the night). Good beer selection.I like the city of New Orleans, I appreciate the revenue the tourist bring to our city.  But it never fails, everytime I find a quaint place to enjoy and relax -- the touris take over.
Ex:  BEVI Seafood on the corner of Carrollton and Bienville... the shrimp poboys taste just like the now closed but delectablty famous "Streetcar Poboys" formerly at Carrollton and Willow.  The French Bread is fresh and the melted butter on the french bread, capped off with a decent amount of mayonnaise, extra tomatoes and a nice SIZE and Portion of FRIED Shrimp (not from CHINA) which are fried to the perfect flavorful consistency, coated with American Cheese and just enough lettuce to validate your excuse for eating healthy.  Yes it tastes very good and not like it was from a greasy spoon.  Once you partake in one half of the poboy you will want to stop to SAVE the other half for later, but after second glance... you'll just dive in and devour it all.     Yes the staff can be a bit brash, but they are dealing with a high volume of customers and they all work great as a team and the place is exceptionally clean.   But there are a few things that  would peeve you off is 1) never call during peak times.... they don't/cant answer the phone and 2) don't call close to closing time... they sell out fast.
BEVI and I are loosing our one on one relationship to the tourist.  It is hard for a local to appreciate it at times.  But it's okay.  I am glad they've mastered the SHRIMP POBOY.The crawfish were excellent. Loved the picnic tables outside. Nice little spot to enjoy a beer, seafood, and the lovely weather with friends.This is my third or fourth time here. I arrived on a Monday at 1:30PM. #1 there is no parking linked to the restaurant that I could find so parking isn't easy. #2 when I walked in there were about 15 people in line ahead of me, and one single person at cash register.  No one else was visiting me.  She was a trooper, and she did her best considering then situation, but how in the world do you have one single person responsible for taking orders, getting out the food, emptying the garbage cans that were overflowing with crawfish, and bussing the tables (which wasnt happening) and answering the phone. . It took me about 30 minutes to finally get to the cash register to place my order of boiled crawfish.  When I turned around there were still 15 -20 people behind me.  The empty tables hadn't been bussed, so I had to ask the lady for a towel and cleaning solution to his table myself.  It didn't take long before I had my crawfish.  26.00 for four pounds and a piece of sausage.  The crawfish were flavored well, but had been sitting too long waiting to be served which made them mealy and tough to get out of shell (they were over cooked).  They really need to hire some extra help because this made the experience pretty miserable.  I feel for the lady at the counter who was really trying to do her best.  Several people left while waiting in line cause wait was so long.Eh, if you've never had crawfish or a poboy this place is pretty good. The flavors are lacking to me, but it's decent.Seafood platter was awesome. Plenty of food for two. Not a tourist spot and I think everyone in there were locals. Everyone in their raves about their po boys. If you are willing to uber, take the opportunity.Too bad...this place is going the path of the previous establishment here.  When Bevi's opened they WERE VERY friendly place that had a variety of fish, po-boys, boiled seafood. Their Oyster po-boys were to die for.  I was happy the new owners were doing good and offering  Oyster Po-boys.  But, apparently they don't have them anymore?  Last Wed, Was rudely told they only had boiled crawfish, and no other orders would be taken.  Huh?  Didn't say why like, "Oh sorry were getting ready to close", or" we are out of bread"....or maybe their frier broke?  No idea.  Just rudely and very angrily told that "we don't take orders of anything other than crawfish"....ok.  But why the anger?  lol....we then got tempted to order crawfish anyway, but the lady continued lecturing us that they won't take any other order of any other type of food.  So went over to Prakway Bakery and as usual greeted by the usual nice guy taking orders and being Wed. they had their Oyster P-boy.  YEah you right!  No longer will go to Bevs seafood.Worst service ever.  Not worth the wait. Short staffed 
Food got cold waiting for the whole order to arrive
0 starsOn a rare moment all to myself. I skated 6 miles in the 0.25 and craved berled shrimp after.  Bevi is my go to.  I mosied up to the small bar and ordered a lb.  The staff asked if it was ok that they I cold, which I replied yes.  While I ate 2 lbs they were boiling another pot in the back and gave me a lb hot on the house.  Their oyster poboys are the best.  Staff is attentive and down to earth.Got 1/2 the Cochon Po Boy and Eggplant & Shrimp combo for a late lunch. 
The bread of the Po Boy was fresh and crispy. So were the lettuce and tomato of the Cajun Coleslaw. The Po Boy was stuffed with the Roasted Pork, which was very tender and full of flavor. Everything tied together very well. The Po Boy was a great break from all the seafood that I have been having and half of it was more than enough to fill me up (4/5).
The soup was thick and slightly too salty for my liking.Probably one of the worst meals we have had. My family and I love the culture and food of New Orleans, but after eating here we had the worst stomach ache. My husband and I threw up the entire night after eating dinner there. My daughters chicken and French fries were burnt, she didn't want to eat them. My husband took 3 bites from his po boy sandwich and couldn't eat anymore. We didn't complain because they took us in 20 min before the closed which is why I'm giving them the second star. We were so hyped about this place because we saw it in a show and we thought it would be amazing. Has anybody else experienced this there?My boyfriend and I came in search of some good fresh crawfish. Definitely the place to go but if you order anything but crawfish, this place requires a bunch of patience. We got 3lbs of crawfish & it's an amazing price. Service was extremely slow because there was only one woman working the front as well as delivering food. The corn is AMAZING. The crawfish is perfect and flavorful. The hamburger poboy is pretty decent and the seasoned potatoes are good with the little dip they provide. Only improvement I'd say is to have more staff. They got some bad reviews because they run out of crawfish fast but I'd recommend to call before even heading in their direction to be sure they still have crawfish and that they have enough! Other than that, the place is great.Love the gumbo and shrimp. Friendly staff always happy to give a sample. Scrumptious daily specials. Perfect spot for carryout you can serve for yourself or friends excited to eat.Food was pretty good, we had a mix of Po Boys and the seafood boil, but the service was absolutely horrible, hence the 2 stars. Some people in our party had questions about the sides and how the seafood boil was seasoned and the girl working the register literally told her "have you never had crawfish before" and "just read the menu". You have one job and that is to be a good host to your paying customer. Just very condescending and it was clear she did not want to be bothered. On top of that, you could hear her complain to other co workers about her hate for "tourists". Just was not a good experience and there was 0% hospitality.Best crawfish in New Orleans!  They packed 10 pounds for me to take back on my flight.  We will be back when we are in New Orleans!This has been some of the blandest crawfish I've  ever tasted. Crawfish had no seasoning, potatoes were dry and flavorless, and the shrimp was way overcooked. Highly disappointed, being that this location had good reviews and my first time in Nola. Houston, Tx definitely has better crawfish than this. Save your money.The crawfish were excellent and the price reasonable but I did feel a little barked at by the lady taking orders and calling/yelling out names.  That didn't get in the way of our enjoyment of the crawfish which were perfectly seasoned!  We sat outside on a cool breezy sunny day, and it was heavenly.Now this is what I'm talking about! Crawfish & shrimp heaven. Stuffed artichoke. Friendly, prompt service. Can't wait to go back!Great hole in the wall off the beaten path! I got the swine poboy with roast pork and crispy pork belly and was not disappointed! Their holiday punch daqari special was interesting and so was the ham hock infused vodka which tasted like Smokey pork. They cut their fried green tomatoes into quarters which keeps them from falling apart or being too mushy.  Delicious!The sandwiches were good but the crawfish boil was not.  Bland tasting seasoning.  Lots of people and long lines and wait times.  The food is inexpensive however not going back when there or so many good places in NO.I have been here a few times. Gumbo is very good. I like a dark tasting roux like they make it. I saw where the nola.com food critique praised their roast beef poboy. While it was good I was not really impressed with it. I wish they had raw oysters by the dozen every day but maybe one day. Service is good unless they have allot of to go orders then it gets a little slow. Other than that everything else was great. The seafood was cooked perfect.I tried this place for the first time a few months back and I really loved their soft shell crab po-boy. It was fresh, tender and juicy, almost making me regret not ordering an entire one for myself.Their boiled seafood was pretty spicy, but it was really good. I can't wait I give this place a second try.After a bad experience with the boiled crabs, I came back for another try.  This time, I got the Messi Swine poboy (pork belly, pulled pork, and ham), the Peacemaker poboy (fried shrimp and roast beef), tater tots, and a stuffed artichoke.  The Messi Swine was quite delicious.  All the assorted pork comes together quite nicely.  The Peacemaker doesn't quite match up with the SurfNTurf from Parkway.  Not quite as much shrimp, and not as good roast beef.  The stuffed artichoke was pretty good, and the tater tots hit the spot.
Much better than last time, but I must say it was slightly more expensive than I thought it should've been.We popped in looking for boiled blue crabs. It was a Monday so that means slim pickins in Mid City. Turns out Bevi was open! And, boy, did we hit the jackpot with those crabs! Plump, juicy, sweet, delicious, and boiled just right! The claws were big and meaty and you paid by the pound. 
There was also a ginger, orange peel infused rum that I had added to my iced tea.
The place is small, clean, cozy, and service was super friendly. Our server even gave us a taste of her gumbo! That was rich and thick and very tasty as well. I look forward to going back!One heck of a place to eat. Half dive half home town eatery. The crawfish were perfectly seasoned for a restaurant ( I spice mine up for me and my friends). The oyster PO boy was just right. The oysters had a nice amount of breading (not too much) and not over done. it was nicely dressed and the PBR was ice cold. The waitress was great and the service was fast and most importantly the price was right!This was on my go-to list when I came to New Orleans. I wanted them crawfish and they looked the best at Bevi's.  We took the trolley and it was a bit longer than I wished.
Anyways, got there. Friendly counter girl who went through a step by step tutorial on how to eat crawfish for us northerners.  We ordered 4 lbs at 3.99 a lb. Steal!  
They were DELICIOUS.  Cooked perfectly, not over seasoned (some I had had in Nola were too salty).  Juicy, head fat goodness.  I dreamt of them the minute I left the place.
We also had some specialty cocktails...some grilled shrimp...some salad and sat outside.  The view isn't the best but the food more than makes up for it.  I wish I lived closer!I think I ate the entire restaurant 
I wanted a simple poboy. The bartender told me to get 1/2 a slimi swine and gumbo. It was incredible deep rich gumbo 
Got 1/2 lb of the spiced shrimp that turned into 1 lb. 
some kind of ginger and orange peel rum shot. A crab and was rather happy. 
So much food great atmosphere and just a nice comfortable place. So much better food than in the FQ
Recommend many times over.We were recommended by a local. Getting there was a bit out of our area but this location is so close to the canal street streetcar that it was so easy to get there. We ordered crawfish, sausage, corn, potatoes, gumbo, a shrimp poboy. I came for the crawfish and it was tasty. Crawfish is in season so those tails were nice and juciy. The cajun flavor was alittle overwhelming for me, but it was GOOD. The poboy was yummy, the cripsy sesame bread gave it an extra crisp. Everything else was average, I wasn't a fan of the gumbo nor sausage, corn or potatoes. I could have done without. My recommendation is to order crawfish only!
This establishment is small and they have outside seating but you might have to wait for a table. Food comes out right away. Servers were friendly.What can I say. This is our 2nd time here in 3 days.
Great Crawfish. Love this place. Walking to Jazzfest with Crawfish in our bellies.Ok so, super small place. It was packed but that was expected; it's New Orleans.  While I understand people were not paying attention to their order being called the waitress was getting really frustrated but had a not so good attitude.  I was sitting at the bar waiting on my order, they were yelling everything as it was so loud, and apparently I didn't hear her call my name...at the bar.... I didn't get to eat my food there because it took so long and they were closing. I was given 2 extra lbs for the wait.  But I'm not one to get angry or make a fuss about anything like this. One waitress had a scarf on her head, same one with the not so great attitude, not sure if it was for a medical condition or just because.  My point is I'm not sure they were so professional.  I get you don't want to wear your good stuff because you're dealing with seafood all day.  
The crawfish were definitely bland, small, and over priced. It's out of season, but they weren't worth the money.This was my first time to Bevi Seafood and it didn't disappoint! You order at the register. I got my two poboys to go. Jessica was very helpful. I asked if they made their roast beef and I love that they put their beef on the side. They do this so that your bread doesn't get too soggy by the time you get home. Very smart! Another interesting thing they do differently than any other place in New Orleans, they have a horseradish mayonnaise! Delish! My other poboy was the oyster dressed! Overstuffed, big juicy oysters! Just how I like them! If you like sliced pickles on your poboy, Bevi has really good nice sized slices of dill. 
I split the two so that I could taste both and they were both so good and they hit the spot! To top everything off I had a Barq's Red Cream Soda! Love a Barq's!
Half the restaurant were already eating crawfish! They looked really good with celery and all. I'll have to go back soon with friends and enjoy some with a cold beer or two!Crazy good deal. Great food. Got the boiled crawfish and mix sides and wow. All amazing. Best mushrooms I've had too, of all things, and they are spicy! Gumbo was also great, but a bit saltier than I prefer. Still really good! Definitely would recommend.4.5 stars! Food was great, staff was friendly, but we did have to wait nearly an hour. They just aren't capable of meeting the demand. Otherwise, great meal that was worth the wait!Eating here made my night!!! So damn delicious. The service was quick and on point. The prices are super reasonable and most importantly the food was seasoned and cooked perfectly. I could of sat here and ate the shrimp and crawfish ALL night. Also, the fries were nice and crispy on the outside and soft in the inside. Most importantly, I enjoyed it all with the best company, but that's on you to bring along.This is NOT a fresh seafood market. It's a ploy. They have boiled seafood and raw shrimp ONLY. This is a restaurant.3 stars for the food it is always gpod not great according to most of the reviews which are from tourists ..No offense but tourist reviews are not like a review from a local.The blonde whom was working today is very unfriendly.Same one who yelled the price of crawfish to me is why i haven't been back.I tip well and she don't even say thank you.What a ahole.Place was empty well 3 tables you should appreciate tips sweetie especially with your attitude.This was my last time here .2 people walked in she didn't even acknowledge them.RUDE!Perfection!  The pricing is a bit high but considering the prime real estate, treat yo self!My new favorite seafood  restaurant and they boil some great crawfish and make the best PO'boys in the city.Boiled crawfish and crabs were beyond delicious!!! Hot and spicy!! Don't wait, when it's gone, it's gone!Bevi Seafood has a solid roast beef po-boy.
Wait a minute. Did you just say that a place with seafood in the name has a good roast beef? Why yes, I did. By the way, I find that having conversations with myself makes me a better reviewer. You should try it. 
I have passed Bevi many times when driving down Carrolton Ave. I read somewhere that their roast beef was a contender so it always stuck in my mind. Despite driving by a bunch, I never could find a reason to stop in. That all changed yesterday when the interstate was FUBAR and I was leaving  meeting in Lakeview. Short cut + lunchtime = Bevi.
Like the second part of their name, Bevi is a seafood purveyor. Inside the building they had the traditional ice counters with crabs and shrimp for sale. Buying seafood from a place like this is always a good idea, but it was lunch and I wanted a sandwich.
Bevi has all of the traditional New Orleans po-boys with a focus on those containing seafood. Normally I'd stick with a shrimp from a seafood joint, but roast beef was what I was after. I ordered a roast beef to go, and an order of debris fries. 
Service was super friendly. The woman working the counter was friendly and knowledgable. She explained something very unique about their roast beef po-boys when ordered to-go. Because roast beef is messy by design, they separate the roast beef and gravy from the bread. It's a genius idea.
My order was ready in under ten minutes and off I went to chow down. The drive back to my office was absolutely brutal. It wasn't the traffic delays or poor drivers. It was the smell. My god man! The smell of that roast beef coming from the fries was incredible. I finally made it to the office and took a bite.
Debris Fries - The fries Bevi used seemed to be the seasoned variety. I don't think those are ideal for debris fries although these were pretty good. The meat was thick slices that fell apart when speared with my fork. The gravy clung to the meat but wasn't really able to soak into the fries. I enjoyed them very much, but I think a traditional fry would work better.
Roast Beef Po-Boy - I know I said it before, but the idea of packaging the beef separately from the bread is pure genius. It allowed the beef to remain hot and the bread to remain intact. The bread was loaded with mayo (both sides hallelujah), lettuce, tomato and cheese. It was cut into two manageable portions and the beef was in a plastic to-go container. I was able to spook just enough roast beef and gravy on to one portion, eat it, and then make the second. Every freakin to-go roast beef should be this way. Both portions were as fresh as if I had eaten it immediately in the restaurant.
So how was it? It was pretty good. I don't think it is the best in the city, but I would definitely put it in the top ten, maybe top five. The beef is tender and coated in thick rich gravy, but I do like a tad more garlic flavor. 
Will I be back? Absolutely. Should every po-boy place copy their to-go idea? Hell Yeah.Had a great lunch of crawfish and shrimp boil plus split a shrimp poor boy. Good beer selection and atmosphere for lunch. Had such a great experience that we may go back while in town. A must when in NOLAPerfectly seasoned crawfish. So glad I found a great spot. The cashier/waitress was very busy, but managed to keep everyone happy in spite of the constant flow of customers and service needs in the dining area. 
I'll be back.Didn't even get to eat, cuz this girl said the kitchen was "closed" 40 minutes before closing...after we drove all the way from the airline location...not cool Bevi.This was by far my favorite place to eat in New Orleans when I visited a year ago. I STILL think about the crawfish I got here (several times) on my trip. Service was friendly, prices reasonable, and the crawfish was unbelievably flavorful and fresh. Now I'll be grumpy all day cause I live in denver and not New Orleans. It was not touristy, not crazy busy, no outrageous wait. It's the perfect place to slurp an afternoon away.It's hard to write a review of Bevi as a non crawfish eater, but considering my husband managed to eat 5 lbs I think I would say they have pretty good stuff. You walk in and order at a counter and then they call your name when your food is ready. We went on a Thursday night and they were packed. The boil is a little different here as you pay by the lb and then pay for sides like corn, potatoes, and sausage separately. The sides were a little expensive considering the corn was $3 for 3 pieces. The price per lb of crawfish though was reasonable compared to other places that I had called looking for crawfish. I tried their "cure" poboy and was surprised how tasty the hot sausage patty was, it really hit the spot. I like a seafood place that also has other options for people like me. I also had 1 of the pieces of corn from my husbands crawfish and it was really good. My husband really enjoyed the seasoning on the crawfish and we will be back next time he has a craving.Have you ever seen triangle fried green tomatoes? Cause I surely haven't but they were as tasty as they look. 
Crazy thing is I don't really like tomatoes but I can eat some fried green ones. How do you eat your tomatoes? 
#neworleansseafood #neworleansfoodblogger #blackfoodiebloggers #foodie #foodporn #seafoodSmall place. Fantastic seafood and poboys. Parking is at a premium. Pick up and go. Mouth watering selections.One of the best Po-boys I've had.  The fried oysters were great, and the bread was amazing.  My family got the squash soup and a couple shrimp po-boys also really good.  Looking forward to coming back to try the Peacemaker.Catfish PoBoy and Hot Sausage PoBoy with a side of hefty fried green tomatoes. Listen if you want a PoBoy of any sort come here.This place was great. The concierge said it was the best place to try crawfish since I'd never had it before. Staff was really great, walking me through my order and teaching me how to eat these little boogers  
Such great flavor! Really laid back, comfortable atmosphere.BEST CRAWFISH IN THE CITY. Pretty good specialty daiquiris too. Can't wait to take my favorite puppy to eat my favorite food on Saturdays at lunch in the spring again.