Decadent & flavorful Mid City breakfast spot for an affordable price. Grab a drink from Banks Street bar next door (best bloody's in the city) while you wait. And I like to put a whole spoonful of the jarred table honey in my coffee, mmm!Positives: outdoor seating, I like that you go through the kitchen to your table, fast food, chef comes around to see how everything is, AMAZING food!
Negatives: stood out in the rain for a half hour for our table, the hostess rolled his eyes when we said we had 10 people, no alcoholI'm sorry...I always like to give places 3 chances and this place just can't get it right for me. Service is great, but the food doesn't cut it. Each time I have dined, the food comes out way too fast, usually this a good thing, but when it's not hot and everything falls apart, there's a problem. Also, eggs always taste funny here...and bacon here is  not appetizing.  I loooove bacon, but not here.Best little brunch place in NOLA! The food is excellent and the service is just as great! The biscuits are amazing and the House-made pecan butter is to die for! Highly recommend this place!I love this place!  I had gotten Abita Glazed Pot Roast and Debris Jus over House Biscuit, it was AMAZING!!!  The post roast was tender and flavorful!  The Biscuits held up nice with the pot roast juices.  The House Potatoes were awesome too.  I'll definitely be back!This place is seriously amazing- a must try! It's an adorable little colorful space with some great art, and the dining area is in the back away from the kitchen up front. We were graciously greeted right away and taken back to our table. The service is fantastic, and so is the food. We got the little biscuits as an appetizer, which came with a gravy, pecan butter and jam. They also have local raw honey, which is so good. You can find it at Whole Foods if you're lucky :) We then ordered the brie waffle with blueberries and the special, which was the baked apple waffle. It was all brilliant, and we'll definitely be going back! Highly recommend this place.Using My Yelp app ... I found this place which I had been wanting to try! Was in between errands so I didn't have lots of time. I was recommended to try the breakfast potatoes and boudin balls. Boudin balls were great! I didn't care for the potatoes... were just plain with a cheese sauce. I love bacon so when the waitress told me it comes with bacon bits I was sold! Sadly, mine arrived without the bacon! My waitress was super sweet... she got my bacon and was very attentive! I do plan on going back to try the chicken and waffles ... otherwise seemed like a nice spot!Go, just go, you will be glad you did!  Crab grilled cheese, Brie waffle...it's just good!! :)This was my first visit and I ordered the chicken and waffle.  The chicken was burned.    The waffle was good.  In general, I found the restaurant to be dirty.  They should close for a few days and revamp the interior.  The bathroom cleaner odor was overpowering.
I won't go back.Delicious food! I had the waffles with fried bananas and bacon and it was awesome and a huge portion. My husband and brother both got seafood based dishes and all were tasty and fresh. The biscuits are obviously very good, too.One of the BEST meals I've ever had! 
Only had to wait for about 10 minutes for a table for 6 and we were promptly seated at a cozy spot in the back of the restaurant.
Mini biscuits with yummy butter were complimentary for the table before our meal came (try the raw table honey on top for an out of this world experience).
I ordered the Brie waffles with blueberry compote and a side of breakfast potatoes - seriously amazing! I could not stop eating. 
Definitely recommend for any local or visiting traveler!The food here is excellent.Service was great .The Chicken and Waffles are too die for!I was so excited to try this place because the pictures looked so good!  As you walk in, your go through the kitchen which is weird.  No one really greets you, you just stand there awkwardly for a minute or so.  We were seated in the back of the restaurant and for whatever reason it smelled weird.  Kind of like a heavy cleaning odor on top of something funky.  Anyways, I ordered the chicken and waffles and my husband ordered the banana and prosciutto french toast.  The food wan't bad at all.  In fact, it was pretty good.  Can't go wrong with chicken and waffles.  My husbands came out as a sandwich, which was kind of weird but he seemed to enjoy it.  Before our food came out they gave us some mini biscuits with almond butter.  The wait staff seemed to be moving kind of slow, and didn't have a lot of pep in their step.  Also a few of them were sitting around in the back not doing anything.  Maybe they were management? lol.#NOLA Not impressed w/brunch at Biscuits &amp; Buns on Banks St., esp the $7 glass of orange juice. Will not return. Expected moreI'm a huge breakfast & brunch person. This was the worst food I have ever eaten. Bland crab cake, eggs & potatoes, flavorless waffle, the biscuit tasted like eating straight flour. There was a hair in the salad. They also allowed patrons from the bar across the street to come sit at the table outside next to use while they were smoking cigarettes and playing their own music from a portable speaker. Horrible experience. Don't waste your money.My favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans! The food exceed expectations and the atmosphere was relaxing. The staff was extremely friendly in a non intrusive way. The wall murals were very interesting and beautifully done.To start everyone here wss extremely friendly and sweet. 
The biscuits were to die for. The roast succulent. Thr crab and corn chowder make sure to order double cuz it is so delicious.
If you are in midtown nola this is a must stop.Food was great, but a really small place.  Portions are big enough to fill you up.   They do not have a kids menu so their portions will be too much for them.  Wait staff is friendly and courteous.  I had the French toast with caramelized bananas and bacon, absolutely delicious would highly recommend dish.I arrived here starving and now I'm about to burst with great satisfaction!  The people are a wonderful and hospitable...thank you Patty!   I had the grilled brie waffles with blueberry...so good.  If in NOLA go away from the tourist spots...take the street car to North Hennessy and walk two blocks south to Banks Street for this cozy gem.Now here this!!!! If you want good food, great service and fresh food...this is the spot!!! Food so fresh there's no microwave on the premises!! They even accommodate the picky eatesr like myself! (I had to order a small two-egg omelette to accompany my waffle and fresh fruit! No problem for this team! Well done sir... Very well done! 
Oh and did I mention the maple-pecan butter than would make a leather boot taste good? Get in here now people! You will not be disappointed!Very cute local joint, and food was VERY good. Great place to take friends and familyworst service i've ever had in my life. do not come here! do not spend your money here! do not waste your time here! it took 1 hour for them to bring the food out. half our group didn't get served. we ordered bottomless coffee and never received it. just horrible!I asked what was in the Smoothie. The waitress said"banana and or strawberry, apple juice and orange juice " I asked for orange juice. Spinach, strawberry and banana. They came back with a Smoothie with yogurt in it. ???? When I said I couldn't eat yogurt the woman's response was "I always put yogurt it my smoothies.'" No sorry from her, only repeating that she always puts yogurt in her smoothies. 
I was with a party of 4. We waited 50 minutes after ordering our food.
The wait isn't worth it. There's another breakfast restaurant across the streetGreat new brunch spot in mid city!  As the name would suggest, the biscuits here are delish. The menu has a great variety of brunch items and all our food was great. The service was friendly and attentive. Extra plus, it's  byob!This is a really good brunch place. The manager brought us out some free shrimp & grits due to the long wait. It was delicious! Everything we ordered was very good & flavorful.Everything here was delicious. Katie was a great server. She was so kind and made great recommendations. I had the the blueberry waffles with brie, and a side of bacon. It was amazing. I will be back.Well.....I will start by saying the food was pretty good.....IF it ever comes to you. We waited an hour for DRINKS. After the food finally arrived, you would think the orders would be correct.....NOT!!!! The orders that did come were not correct at all.....and the others.....well.....their food3  never came. Coffee was never served. I feel bad for the poor waitress that was running around by herself. So if you have 2 or 3 hrs to waste.....by all means....stop by......I was sorry to see that the tea place didn't make it, but this spot also has a good tea selection PLUS y'know biscuits.
I had the delicious waffles with brie & blueberries and they were yummy. But seriously the standout was the side of fruit salad. It was really the best fruit salad I've ever had at restaurant; it had apples and berries and all sorts of fresh items.
I can't wait to get back over there.A cut hole in the wall breakfast joint.  We went around 10 and half the menu was sold out.  Our waitress had a huge attitude problem and earned herself a bad tip to go with it.  The prices are exorbitant for cold gravy and eggs.  Not someplace I recxomend.Stopped here last Sunday for breakfast and was really pleased with everything.  The owners were both very friendly and accommodating and try to make you feel at home.  They don't have a liquor license, so he suggested we grab a drink at the Banks Street Bar next door while we waited--so we got some mimosas and sat on the patio while waiting for our table.  It seems customary that they even take your name and number if you leave so they can call you to notify you your table is ready.  We got seated and ordered the watermelon "sandwich" and two biscuit entrees.  Everything was really good, hot, and home cooked.  iBiscuits remind me of the kind my dad made when I was a kid.  I wouldn't say this is the place to go if you're looking to find lots of options while trying to eat healthy, but it is New Orleans brunch, there's carbs in the name, and we knew what we were getting into.  The servers were friendly, the restaurant's atmosphere was cute and creative, and they even sat us and a few other tables when we arrived close to closing time (and certainly didn't make us feel rushed, either).  We will definitely go again!This is a double review. First time 5stars today 2 stars. First experience last week was FANTASTIC! Our server Donovan was the best!! He gave us the best service we have had in a really long time. Food was good although took a long time to come out but hey it was busy. Went back today but sadly our favorite server wasn't working and today the service was not good. Make sure to ask for Donovan if you go by and try the chicken and waffles.I really wanted to like this cute quirky spot.  Seems like a perfect easy going brunch place. Unfortunately I just haven't been that impressed. The guy in the front cooking is always so friendly and excited. The servers I've had are kind of the opposite, quiet and not too well informed. 
On our first visit, my friend asked if the maple syrup advertised  was real maple syrup (being from Vermont, this was important to her). We were old it was, but were brought out log cabin brand in the plastic bottle. Odd, I don't mind it, but it's definitely not maple syrup. 
The food on both my visits was ok but nothing special. With so many great or not great but cheap brunch and breakfast options, not sure why I would choose one that's just ok, and kind of pricey (I mean, you can get a good $5 breakfast at Betsy's).  I'd rather just cook at home.Waiting to get a table while drinking a bloody Mary from Banks St Bar was great. Their menu, albeit small, has some interesting dishes. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious and I can't wait to go back to try some new items. The atmosphere was very laid back and had a homely feeling.My daughter and I went here in March. Too busy on that vacation to post a review. The biscuits were AMAZING!!! Everything we are was cooked with TLC. The staff were very friendly. I wish I could have tried more! Can't wait to go back if I am ever in town again.Yeah they don't deliver anymore. Now you have to go through a 3rd party service called waitr.I do say, for a southern place with the name Biscuits as part of the namesake you'd think they'd be better than the average bear well you're WRONG. 
These biscuits were rocks bruh. Rocks I tell you. 
I even think I said it a bit too loud albeit arrogantly enough that one of the waiters brought over a complimentary side of mini-biscuits from the chef.
Idk, everything else was pretty fabulous but come on dude. Rock biscuits ain't my thang.Absolutely amazing food, smaller place great service quality is top notch and very tasty. 
Searched on yelp happened to be on the ad's section and I love biscuits. Looked in to the place what a great find. Hopped in an uber from canal st. Took 5 mins to get here. I was disappointed with my first meal when we arrived here in New Orleans but this makes up for it 100 times. If you like breakfast/ brunch you HAVE TO TRY IT OUT!!! I ordered the abita glazed pulled pork with eggs, Ham, and cheese. My girlfriend ordered the chicken waffles.First time in NOLA in over 30 years and was looking for a breakfast place.  Found this place and am glad I did.  All 5 of us ate different things.  Everyone was pleased with their dishes including French toast, chicken and waffles, etc.  The only item anyone did not care for were the breakfast potatoes which didn't have any seasoning.  Would come again and would recommend it to others.My husband and I set out for breakfast at Ruby Slipper on Tuesday morning, but there were folks waiting outside and the parking lot was full, so we thought the wait my be a little longer than we were prepared for on a work day.
A few blocks away we parked right in front of Biscuits & Buns on Banks. Although we usually like to see a few more customers besides ourselves  enjoying a place, the friendly staff made the place cheery and welcoming.
The waiter wasted no time bringing out biscuits with their signature butter and Steen's syrup, followed by 2 perfect cups of coffee. All of a sudden it didn't feel like Tuesday anymore. I felt like we were on vacation in a bright Mid City shotgun double with a cute corner barber shop next door. 
I ordered the seafood étouffée (a mixture of crawfish and shrimp) over grits. It was great! My husband had an omelette, and we both ate much more than we should have. Gary, the owner, introduced himself to us. Really nice guy. It's obvious that his niceness rubs off on his staff and the whole atmosphere. The lighthearted New Orleans murals and open kitchen make you feel right at home. This was our second time at Biscuits & Buns and we really enjoyed it. Check it out while it still feels "undiscovered".I've dined here twice now, and for some reason each time has been a holiday, which can be the only reason as to why I'm not more impressed with this place. For starters, there is always a wait, which generally means good things however I feel as though it's because the kitchen is slow, which inevitably slows down the servers from turning their sections quicker. 
Takeaways from dining experience #1; New Year's Day. Layout of restaurant is not conducive to serving hot food hot. The kitchen is in the front of the restaurant and diners must walk through/past it to be seated. This bottlenecks servers trying to get orders to table in a timely fashion. Menus covered in sticky syrup. Coffee flowed easily with plenty of refills but the food was slow. When it was served their was misconception of at least one of the dishes my friend ordered which was described as a "Pot Roast". She was served instead, "debris" which was lacking the whole potatoes and carrots she would have received had the item been a TRUE pot roast.
Takeaways from dining experience #2; Father's Day. Seated outside after another long wait. Server was busting her butt despite the heat so BIG kudos to her. First round of appetizers served featured a grilled watermelon dish which sounded good on paper but was very soggy, runny and wet when served, which you should assume because it's watermelon, right? The sweet fruit invited all the flies to the table which caused us to swat, shoo and flick the air for the next hour. That has to be the most unpleasant thing about dining outside. I would hope they decide to put more "fly catchers" near their outdoor tables because that was BAD. Sticky menus again.
Overall, a mediocre experience.I've had food from here once before and it was excellent, which is why I decided to have breakfast delivered to me again, however, this time everything we ordered was inedible. Nothing tasted good. The Brie on the sandwich tasted cheap and sour, the bacon was aggressively overcooked, the sausage had a weird texture, similar to wet cardboard or fake vegan "meat." I'm not really sure what happened. I wanted to like this place so much since I just moved to Mid City, but it seems that consistency is an issue here and I'd rather not spend my money when I don't know if my meal is going to be enjoyable or not.the mini biscuits, and the food and service is top notch!Very poor service and very run of the mill breakfast food. There's really nothing special about this place. We only tried it out since it was within walking distance.This place was beyond amazing , from their friendly staff and their amazing selection of breakfast ! Their biscuits and gritsssss are to die for !   
Would definitely return to this nice spot in New Orleans ! Give it a try 
You won't regret itDuring our visit to biscuit and buns we had the pleasure of having Kasey as our server.  Her professionalism and polite attitude made the experience even more delightful.  We ordered the chicken tender and biscuit with gravy and the chicken and waffles.  The service was prompt and the food was delicious.  During the course of our Kasey assured that our drinks stayed refilled and that the meal was complimentary to our liking.  The overall experience was a delight and I would not only recommend the restaurant, but would be a returning guest.  One last thing order this chicken and wafflesWe are creatures of habit- when we find a place we love, we keep coming back.... Biscuits & Buns on Banks has won our hearts on this trip!The chicken and waffles was aight, the waffle was dank but the chicken was almost like a chicken tender. The pot roast was super dank. Atmosphere is really nice and service was greatThis place is great! Pretty small, and very clean!! The owners are so sweet. I ordered the French toast with pancetta and fried bananas. We also had a waffle and a side of bacon. The bacon has great flavor. The service was just a little slow. I will be back!I absolutely loved this place. There was a long wait to get a table, but the wait was totally worth it. I ordered a  crawfish seafood etouffe on biscuits. I never had an etouffe before neither did I taste crawfish before this. So was a bit skeptical about my choice. But after tasting the dish, I totally adored it. The etouffee is full of flavours and has a remarkable taste. My husband has a sweet tooth so he preferred the French toast with caramelised banana, it tasted yummy and melted in the mouth.. all in all it was a wonderful visitThe wait was a little long but well worth it! The food was amazing! Even the plain waffle was great. I got the warm crabmeat sandwich with mozzarella and carmelized onions and a cup of the tomato basil soup.....Divine!! The staff was super friendly and the food came out very quick. We'll definitely be going backYummmm. I had the brie and waffles and the andouille sausage hash. Amazing! I will definitely be back. Awesome food and sweet staff!We were looking for a breakfast spot to take the place of La Peniche which closed last month & I think we found it! The decor is really cute with New Orleans scenes painted on the walls. After we ordered, our waitress brought us a lagniappe of biscuit "knots" with a little tub of honey, pecan butter & this breakfast was off to a great start! I had the chorizo/andouille gravy for my biscuit that was so delicious I wanted to lick the bowl. The breakfast potatoes were seasoned well & very tasty. I saved half of my biscuit to use up the rest of that pecan butter & a drizzle of the local honey that is on every table. The lunch menu looks fantastic & the only reason I gave them 4 stars is that they don't serve lunch, only brunch on the weekend.It's not possible to describe the truly deliciousness of Biscuits and Buns on Banks breakfast. We read about the restaurant in an article about where food critics in NOLA were eating - and boy was that article on point! The restaurant is a bit out of the way - so tourists without a car will probably have to miss out on this amazing spot. That being said, wow was this good! We had the chicken and biscuit with gravy - their biscuits were fluffy and delicious - and the chicken was marinated in Krystal and had enough bite to make you want more and more! My fiancé had the crawfish étouffée on a biscuit and he basically licked the plate clean. The étouffée was loaded with crawfish - they don't skimp out on any ingredients. We also had the andouille fritter too - it was just as everything else was... Delightful. 
Kudos to this breakfast spot for doing it right!The food was ok, nothing spectactular. Kind of bland and with so many breakfast places to choose from you need to stand out. 
That said, the service was all around great! The servers, busers, and entire staff were friendly, knowledgeable and organized. They made this a really good experience.Cute place and atmosphere. Overall pretty good biscuits but not blown away by the food. However the variety is excellent and so is the pricing. If I lived here I would probably frequent about once a month.I have never made a yelp review before. In NOLA visiting and decided to try biscuits and buns. I wish I could tell you how the food tastes but after waiting over an hour and watching all the tables around me come and go I didn't eat. I waited patiently because I am in a large group of 12 and I know serving a big group takes time. Literally AFTER I complained they asked me AGAIN what would I like to drink and offered to bring me  the coffee that I ordered when I sat down. Half my party was served and the  other half was not. Half the orders were incomplete or wrong. Did I mention it took 35 minutes to bring water and a soft drink. This was a HORRIBLE experience and I would not suggest this location to anyone EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!How lucky to have this awesome place so close. The menu is so varied, and tempting it's hard to know where to start. The service is so very warm and welcoming.  The only thing I can recommend is just to get maybe three dishes for two people and try as much as you can, because it's just that hard to decide.  Everything is delish, and made with love, even passion. This is a place to indulge in.I'm tired of this place missing the mark. The food is below average and yet, they still some how mess up. I've been there more than 5 times just because I wanted to get be it a chance. This place is the Definition of over rated. Save your money and DO NOT go there.Awesome food and really friendly staff. Have had both the Brie sandwich and the biscuits ad gravy; they are excellent dishes. 
When you come in the front door you're really walking into the kitchen; the owner is standing there playing dishes and the cook is on the other side of the counter working up a storm. 
Sadly waits are long and seating scarce; coming here is a pretty significant time commitment. Just getting takeout is a half hour minimum; getting a table is much longer. Hopefully this improves as they complete their shakedown and the weather warms up to allow outside seating.My husband and I call this place the Triple B. We went here last year on father's day (our anniversary) 6/21/2015. Upon arrival, we were told there was a 15 minute wait. We signed our names on the clipboard provided and sat on the bench outside. There is no waiting area inside. The place is a house converted into a restaurant and parking is located on the street, when available. Triple B offers flavored water while you wait. Our water had watermelon, oranges, and rosemary in it and it was refreshing. We were given two complimentary bite-size biscuits with pecan butter to start and it was good.  For an appetizer, my husband and I ordered the Jamaican wraps and they were delicious. My husband ordered the fried Andouille sausage hash cakes, which was very dense and I ordered the grilled brie waffle with blueberry compote. The tables are small and close together (at least what we observed in the small room where we sat). If you are claustrophobic, this might not be the restaurant for you. I liked the small town feel inside the restaurant and I liked that our food did not take that long to come out. However, I was slightly disappointed in my choice. I felt that the waffle and brie and blueberry concoction did not come together as smoothly as I would have liked. This is unfortunate because their menu is so different from others in the neighborhood, and they are open on Mondays when many places are closed. Our food was not bad by any means, but it wasn't fantastic either. My husband and I will come back because of their ever-changing menu.
Service 4*
Price 5*
Food 4*
Location 4*Great little joint for brunch. Affordable. Great menu with a variety of well made breakfast and lunch plates . Spacey compared to other New Orleans brunch joints. Amazing staff. Very cool young atmosphere. I definitely plan on returning.Had the Waffles with Blueberry compote and grilled Brie cheese in between. The crisp from the the waffle, the bitterness/sweetness from the blueberry compote and the creamy finish of the Brie did wonders for my mouth. My palette thanks you biscuit &bunsThis place never disappoints. We have gone here for Mother's Day the past 3 years. The food is amazing and the service is great. Expect a wait but it's well worth it.Great meal!! Had the chicken and biscuit with the andouille sauce with side of grits. Delicious!!This place serves up delicious Southern classics! I  had the chicken and waffles while my husband enjoyed the pot roast over biscuits. The chicken was done just right, the waffles fluffy and the pot roast was tender & tasty. The service was great! Our waitress was super nice and went above and beyond for us when we mentioned that we were in town to celebrate our 1 yr anniversary. She brought us out, along with her warm wishes, a box of fried Oreos and Nutter Butters. So nice. Five stars all the way.Checked this place out for a quick breakfast and wow was I impressed. I love the decor with all the local imagery and paintings. The actual meal was a delight as well. The thing that puts this place over the top is the customer service. Everyone is very attentive and kind from the cooks to the wait staff. If you don't give this place a shot you are truly missing out on quite a gem!No complaints here!  Great food, friendly waitresses, cool Mona Lisa with dreadlocks painting. Only drawback was the wait, but there's free coffee for while you're standing there.I like many use various apps to see which places to hit up. It was the best breakfast, I had in New Orleans! The interior was amazing and you definitely have a jazz/home like atmosphere; it was simplistic, yet tasteful. They have quite the selection on the menu and I'm more than sure that whatever you choose will be the right choice. You can't go wrong with strong coffee and great service! 
As soon as I thought that things could not have been better, the owner/manager came up to us to ask how everything was and wishing us a wonderful stay in New Orleans. You don't see that kind of service anymore; I was genuinely pleased from the beginning to the end. I know that I'll be back to Biscuits&Buns, next time I'm in New Orleans!The best place to have a breakfast aside from home. Good ambiance in or out of the restaurant. Plus their food is really amazingly delicious plus they have a nice way of platting their food. We'll definitely come back again with a lot of friends coz we just brought our room mate now and absolutely gonna recommend this place to othersReally quirky restaurant with a whole lot of delicious food.  You walk in to essentially the kitchen area, down a narrow hallway into the dining area the size of my college living room. Wait staff is super friendly. No wait at 1130 am on Wednesday. We got the blueberry brie waffle and added fried chicken. It was so big we had to take half home!We went here for brunch a few weeks ago - absolutely delicious food! It gets pretty crowded (we waited about 45 minutes on a Sunday at noon) because there isn't a ton of seating. But they're efficient at keeping a list and they provide free coffee while you wait! The inside of the restaurant is set up strangely (like many New Orleans places), so you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the dining room. But once inside, the magic happens. Definitely try the mini biscuits with gravy - this isn't your normal white gravy, but a delicious concoction of andouille, chorizo, and spicy deliciousness. Good prices, service, and atmosphere!Went to NOLA for the weekend with friends in April. Forgot to write a review. This little place was amazing. We got there just in time for brunch before the crowd got there. Service was friendly. Food was delicious. I would recommend this place whether you live in NOLA or you're just visiting. Try the cheddar bacon potatoes.This place was phenomenal. We sat outside on a beautiful day under dappled light. I had an amazing crab omelet and my fiancé had a waffle wich filled with ham, egg and cheese. We both LOVED our food and the service was impeccable!!I got a to go order from here earlier today, and it was obvious from the first phone call this place didn't have its act together. I asked if they do delivery, and the guy said use the grub hub app. Before I could even ask if they charge a fee for that, he hung up on me. I called back and placed a to go order for chicken and waffles with a the grits as the side and an extra hash cake for my roommate. I live in mid city and left almost immediately to go pick it up. Paid for my food, even tipped on the to go order, and came home. It was obvious the chicken and waffles, mostly the waffle, had not been cooked recently. The side of grits was missing so I called to ask if they could take it of the bill or send it out or something, and the phone was answered and then hung up on me. I tried calling back several times to no one answering. I managed a restaurant on the Northshore for two years, and I would've never just hung up on a customer. This was piss poor service. They got their money and couldn't be bothered after that. I'll be contacting my credit card company to see if I can cancel payment.Amazing! Great food! Great service! Went here with my husband and grandmother who LOVES biscuits. We started breakfast with an order of the mini biscuits which came with a homemade butter churned with cane syrup and pecans.... So delicious! I had the waffles with grilled Brie and blueberry compote. The waffle was crispy on the outside fluffy on the inside. Perfect! The blueberry compote wasn't overly sweet, the blueberry flavor was rich and complimented the Brie perfectly. 
The menu had so many choices I can't wait to return to try something new. Everyone was so friendly and attentive it was just an excellent overall experience!This place is one of the best brunch spots in New Orleans. It's located right off the corner of Banks Street in a quaint, up and coming neighborhood. The restaurant itself is quite small. There's about six tables inside  with 4 tables of outside seating.  There can be a pretty long wait time but it's definitely worth it! They also have the option where you call in ahead to make a reservation and estimated wait time. 
The food was incredible! I had the fried andouille sausage hash cake with creole cheese sauce and my friend had the grilled cheese with warm crab meat sandwich. The sausage hash cake was light and flavorful and paired nicely with the creole cheese sauce. The crab meat grilled cheese tasted amazing! It was a combination of different cheeses with a huge heaping of fresh crab meat and caramelized onions stuffed and pressed between two slices of ciabatta buns. For dessert, we had their special deep fried oreos :)OMG the french toast! we were so full - but SO happy with brunch here! we got a waffle deal and some incredible french toast dish and both were phenomenal... this is located in a suburban neighborhood and doesn't have a TON of seating - it's in a small house, but very cool atmosphere and delicious food!Amazing, great food and service! We had the andouille sausage hash with fried egg and cheese sauce. Little slice of heaven right there!! And everything tasted FRESH, we will definitely be back.I can't say enough good things about this place. The food was delicious.  I usually don't care for biscuits but these were irresistible.  The service was on point . The breakfast potatoes and eggs were cooked to perfection.  I'm on in nola for a week but I'll make it a point to go back before I leave.Great little place to grab some breakfast. Super chill old house bomb ass food.Everything was extremely delicious and the service was very friendly. I will definitely be back for more of the pot roast and shrimp étouffée over grits and biscuit!Mmmmmmm just thinking about the blueberry and Brie waffle makes my mouth water! This is a lot higher end on the palette than you may expect. The biscuits are amazing! The beef debris on biscuit was phenomenal. I don't think I left a single drop on my plate. This is definitely more of a take out or delivery place for me because it's so small but I don't mind that a bit. I look forward to my mornings off when I can wake up and order some gourmet breakfast for delivery. Love it.I had to ponder very hard whether I should award the place 3 or 4 stars - I wish 3 1/2 were an option.
My husband and I went there for the first time yesterday morning. The folks in the front were really nice and immediately brought us to our table. The place is really cool-looking, great vibe, friendly and fun interior.
While we were given coffee cups right when we sat down, it took more than 5 minutes before the waitress showed up at our table to give us the menus. At that point we asked for coffee, which we got shortly thereafter. The menu is really impressive, lots of good-looking items, and we had a hard time deciding. We ordered one of their omelets to split between the two of us. 
The omelet did indeed taste delicious (light, fluffy, flavorful), but we received grits on the side even though we'd asked for potatoes. The biscuit that came with the omelet was delicious, too, but there was no butter and jelly on the table. So I asked another waitress if she could bring me some, and she seemed confused and returned a moment later with a go-box, but not butter or jelly. I let it go.
Big plus: they brought us three little biscuits before the omelet came, together with a delicious butter-pecan-syrup spread - yum!
To sum it up:
Positives: Delicious food, pretty interior
Negatives: Every items seemed about a dollar or two too pricey. And the service was somewhat unprofessional or a little careless.
Want to return though and try more food.One of the top two meals I had on my weekend trip to Nola. 
We had the grilled Brie and blueberry compote waffles. Delicious. However the Fried Andouille Sausage Cakes was hands down the best breakfast I've had ever. You will not be disappointed.Chef Sonny is a lover of food & people.  Delicious NOLA recipes with modern twists. Gr8 service and beautifully painted with New Orleans color, themes & class.Biscuits & Buns has only been open since November 2013, but I've already been there for weekend brunch 4 or 5 times. The tomato bisque is incredible and is easily my favorite thing on their brunch menu. I've also tried several other items, all delicious. (Biscuits and andouille & chorizo gravy! Pot roast debris on a biscuit! French toast with pancetta and grilled bananas! Crab and corn chowder!) The fresh slices of strawberry and orange that accompany every plate are a nice touch, and the oversized cups of coffee are perfect.
Since the establishment is new and the location is small-ish, you should not expect to get in and out very quickly for weekend brunch. But since the point of brunch (to me, anyway) is to kick back and relax with your tablemates, that hasn't been a big concern of mine. You may also get small biscuit samples while you wait, served with a delicious pecan butter. 
Service is awesome - small family place means they're always glad to see you & chat. Decor is bright but cozy, with all the charm of a Mid-City location. Not handicap friendly, I think, since there are a few stairs to climb to get inside. 
Construction/Resurfacing is currently in progress on Banks St, but don't let that keep you away from this delicious little place. See you next weekend!Our group of 4 decided to try Biscuits & Buns as we had a Groupon. The location is a nice ride up Canal Street on a streetcar and then a few blocks walk. The restaurant is in a residential area.
Our server was friendly and did a great job. The fresh squeezed OJ was great ($6.75 a glass). That is the good news.
Our group of 4 disliked the biscuits. They were very dark, hard and dry. 
The chorizo sausage gravy had an odd aftertaste and was spicy. Not one of us liked that.
The bacon was very done and too crisp. The waffle was okay.
Other than the gravy, nothing was very hot in temperature. The restaurant was very empty with only one other couple present so there is no excuse for cold food.
Maybe it was an off day but we won't be back.Pretty underwhelmed with my experience here. They have really neat murals all over the restaurant. The service started really good and then trailed off from there. Had to ask for coffee and water refills. Waited 20+ minutes after we were done eating to get our check. I had the breakfast sandwich with sausage and Home fries. I tasted like it was sitting and waiting a while before it was served because everything was Luke warm. The biscuit was delicious!! Coffee was tasty too. I wouldn't recommend based off of my experience.LOVE THIS PLACE!!
We discovered it through yelp our last trip here and fell in love. They're so clever and bring you sample biscuits with the most amazing maple butter. I don't know that ive gotten anything bad here. This time i got the andouille hash cakes which were just the right amounts of everything, and even the side potatoes were tasty when i don't usually like that style. 
The people who work there are always really nice too, we even had a server once who brought us fresher biscuits because the first ones were a little burntLOVED this cute little spot. The neighborhood was so cute and artistic. I love that a little restaurant looks like someone's house. When you first walk in it's basically the kitchen. It felt very "at home" and the staff was extremely welcoming. The menu has an array of different types of NOLA delicacies with a few special tweaks here and there. I am a California local so I went ahead and asked our sweet waitress what she recommended. She told me to try the chicken and waffles and I wasn't not disappointed! The chicken is marinated for 24 hours and hot sauce before lovingly dredged with a wonderful crunchy crispy topping served with perfect and waffles the perfect combination of cakey and crunchy and they were season to perfection lightly dusted with powdered sugar and with Sriracha honey on the side! Holy chicken it was amazing!!! Chicken alone was delicious as were the waffles but the Sriracha honey just pushed it completely over-the-top. It came with a side of potatoes they were also delicious but I couldn't finish them. My husband got andouille hash cakes! They were the best combo of Cajun and breakfast and served alongside the butteriest cheese grits I've ever had in my entire life. SO GOOD! You have to get the biscuits and gravy appetizer... Just do it. You're welcome. Bomb coffee too! We will definitely be revisiting nice sweet little place next time we're in NOLA.After reading the great reviews I was really looking forward to trying this place, but unfortunately, it was a bit of a disappointment.  My husband got the Fried Andouille sausage hash cakes and I got a veggie and cheese omelette with a side of the Andouille and chorizo sausage gravy and a biscuit.  To sum it up, we found the food to be without much flavor.  As a local, I really expected to be able to taste the smokiness of the Andouille if not actually see pieces of Andouille.  I could do neither.   The hash cake was pure potato (which came with a side of potatoes or grits) without a hint of Andouille. The biscuit was just ok, there are better to be had in New Orleans.  
I'm glad we tried Biscuit & Bun but, for our money, we'll frequent any one of the other excellent breakfast places in New Orleans.We signed in and waited for 22 min before we were greated. Other folks that signed in after us were seated before we met the host. Food was mediocre hipster food. They would probably be better at classics.The food was great, especially the biscuits and gravy.  Really nice staff, very friendly atmosphere.  I will definitely return and bring friends.I went for the first time with out if town guests. We were poarty of 5. We waited 45 monutes and I expected that since I heard it was a smaller place. We go in and upon entrance you see chefs cooking and you realize you're in the kitchen. Very cool way to enter a restaurant. We are seated and are greeted by our waiter for drinks. We also ordered apps since we were so hungry. The apps came quickly. We ordered the crawfish boudin, which were a bit greasy but still good and the biscuits. Both had a dipping sauce, the chorizo and cheese sauce for the biscuits   - very tasty. For the entree, I had the brie waffles which I did not think the brie went well with the blue berry jam or blue berries. I think it if was just brie or just blueberry on the waffle, it would have been better. But the combination did not work for me. My grits were burnt or had burnt flavor to it so I had to send it back. A friend ordered the shrimp Creole and for some reason, the biscuits for which the place is know for, puts the biscuit at the bottom of the bowl under all the soup and makes the biscuit soggy. It would have been better to have had the biscuit on the side for dipping in the shrimp Creole. The shrimp were huge in size so that was a plus. The service was on the wierd side. He kept showing us his tablet and I just wanted to order but that tablet in my face. Also, one of my biggest pet peeves is if there is a food item sold out, to let customers know RIGHT AWAY so if your heart is set on something you have time to decide on something else or even leave. But I over heard the waiter say he was on day 3 so I sort of forgave him. Over all for a 45 minute wait for mediocre service and food, I most likely won't be back. I think having a place so small with a larger menu is not working. I would suggest shrinking the menu some so the small kitchen can accommodate better. I was glad I tried it though.Yum yum yum!  This amazing place had everything; excellent food, excellent service (our waitress was Isis and she was sweet & amazing) and charm to spare. The gravy was the highlight but our entire table left stuffed but wanting more.This place is awesome!!! Love the decor, and the staff is super friendly. I went with a family and their two kids. The French Toast was dreamy, the gravy was just on the right side of flavorful, and my Chicken & Waffles were rollin'!
Can't wait to go back, I want to try everything.
They had some kind of gingerbread waffle (I think, it was 2 weeks ago) as a special that I regret not getting to this day.Just finished an absolutely fabulous breakfast here today. I really like this place, I just wish they had opened when I still lived in the neighborhood. The staff was so sweet and the food was very yummy! They started us off with these tiny little complementary biscuits with honey pecan butter and coffee. The waitress even noticed that I was pregnant and asked if I wanted decaf coffee instead of regular. How thoughtful! Then my breakfast buddy and I split the stuffed French Toast (filled with bananas and pancetta) and the brie and blueberry waffles. The breakfasts are served with your choice of house breakfast potatoes, creamy grits or fresh fruit. We both opted for the potatoes which were sauteed with onions and bell peppers with jerk seasoning. So good! I'm sure I would have been happy with those potatoes, eggs and a big version of their mini biscuits. The only downside I see is that the street is currently under repair and it is a little bumpy getting there, but the food is well worth the "off-road" style driving for a couple of blocks. Go and enjoy!The food was disgusting.  It tasted old like it had been sitting for hours and nothing was seasoned. Save yourself the money! I could have cooked better food for myself then what I ate here. Very disappointing experience.Mandy was a great waitress  accommodating my wishes for sweet bacon called there PIG CANDY lol Great place for brunch LOVE the Ruby MimosasThis place is not all that. I went here on my birthday. They first told us that our wait would be 20 mins. It was almost a 40min wait. We ordered our food and then it starts to rain. We opted to sit where ever, so the outside seating was available first. Since it started to rain, they didn't even ask if we wanted to be moved or if we wanted our food to go. After waiting 20mins, we still haven't received our food. I told the sever at this time that we would take our food to go. We waited another 10mins, just for them to tell us that our food was ALMOST ready.  I went inside to wait on my food. I waited for another 7 mins. Now, u would think. The food has to be good if I waited all this time, right? WRONG! The orders of french toast I had; wasn't even cooked all the way through. The middle was still uncooked. I will NEVER go back to this over-priced food.I was extremely disappointed when I dined here..... Extremely. 
So for starters there was a wait. Now that's understandable, as popular places get lots of action and can cause a wait, but.... This was a week day at around 11am so I can't say I expected much of a wait. Therefore, when the guy at the door said the two young ladies standing there were before us would be seated in ten minutes, and us shortly following, I thOught, no biggie. 
Well, come to find out there was another duo outside that had dutifully signed the list as they were instructed to do, but since the guy at the door want paying attention, he sat the other group first. So out of order! So, long story shorter, we didn't get seated for about 35 minutes. Bummer. 
So. Unlike my guy who was losing patience as hunger increased, I was keeping positive. Wait time, no biggie, the food will make up for it. Well. Unfortunately it did not. He got a breakfast sandwich that was dry... Like literally, nothing on the bread, and his cheese wasn't even melted. My bananas foster French toast was decent at best, but my potatoes were BURNT... Couldn't eat em. And, my last and greatest disappointment....I asked for a side of one scrambled egg white. It came on a plate soaked in oil. Literally soaked in it. I tried using my napkin to blot off the oil, but there was so much I just cOuldn't stomach eating that stuff. 
Totally disappointed. Can't understand how so many people rave about this place, and my experience was so awful.Still love, love, love, love this place! Brunched there this past weekend with a friend and it was amazing. I had the chicken and waffle - to die! I especially LOVE the Sriracha honey sauce, I drizzle it on everything! Cute environment, the owners and staff are so polite and welcoming. Favorite breakfast spot in the city hands down.Waitress very sweet and helpful. I feel the food is too pricey for what you get. I think the coffee was overpriced as well. I had two chicken strips on a biscuit covered with an etoufee type sauce and a cup of coffee and the bill was close to $16 before tip. The chicken was fried to perfection. There was nothing special about the biscuit.  I just don't think it was worth the price. The people who work there were really nice.Just blown away by this charming little brunch spot! From the moment we walked in the owner was very friendly with warm hospitality. Although the sign out front says breakfast served until 11:00, the spot serves breakfast until 3:00. 
There is a very personal feel to the restaurant. The mural painted throughout the old, remodeled shotgun displays New Orleans culture in a whimsical light. The wait staff and cooks are also very friendly. 
I ordered the waffles stuffed with goat cheese, topped with fresh blueberries and sweetie ordered the Abita-glazed pot roast on a biscuit. Both were fabulous! 
Highly recommend this spot! 
&&&I'm really torn on what I think about this place. The management style is really confusing to me. We came as a party of 5 and there was a table for 5 sitting empty but they told us there would be a wait. No problem we are used to a wait in the quarter. They then proceed to seat two people at the 5 person table and then one person at the other open 5 person table who has no interest in eating and just sat there and drank water and read a book. Made no sense to me with open 2 tops inside but who knows. 
Once inside the food was good. I had three eggs with sausage and potatoes. I ordered the side of biscuit and gravy and it was good but not 6 dollars good. Everyone agreed the food was fine but not worth the wait. Maybe it was just an off day so your call on if you want to eat there.Highlight was that I really love their biscuits. It lives up to the name. When we visited, they were out of chicken tenders and they substituted it with a thigh. It was definitely better the last time I ate it with the tender. Also, something to note, they recently switched up their waffle-sandwich into basically making it no longer a sandwich but more a waffle with a eggs and meat on top. All around, the experience was average!Solid brunch spot! Didn't really like the waffles with Brie and blueberries, but I would go back just for the crawfish étouffée over biscuits.My friends were very eager to take me to their favorite breakfast spot while I was visiting recently.  The husband being a chef, I'll take his word for it any day.  First things first, we got here around 10am or so and there was a 30-45 minute wait.  The restaurant is housed in a shotgun and the dining space isn't very much but they also have a few tables outside.  We started off with breakfast potatoes with crawfish etouffee and biscuit puffs with bacon and cheese.  The potatoes were aight and the biscuit puffs were wontons.  Even though they were wontons, they were delicious.  My friends got the Abita pot roast, chicken and biscuit with chorizo and andouille gravy and I got the french toast stuffed with caramelized bananas and pancetta.  I also got scrambled eggs and sausage with mine.  The pot roast was DELICIOUS.  I wanted to try the chicken and biscuit but didn't (I almost ordered the same). My french toast was tasty and good but for some reason, it didn't hit the spot.  That said, I'd love to come back here and try more stuff.  I cannot stress enough how nice and friendly EVERYONE was.  The kitchen is right up front when you walk in and even the cooks said hello and goodbye.  I swear y'all, sometimes I forget how friendly southern folks are.Went here for breakfast/brunch on Sunday. Staff in the front was excellent and nice. Get there early or expect a wait. We called ahead of time and went in early around10 so only had to wait 10 mins or So.
So main reason for 3 stars was that the food was just okay , perhaps we ordered the wrong things. Our waitress was so-so , had to look around for her a lot. 
A little let down on their biscuits and gravy , was expecting to be awesome but found it very average at beast.Oh my! So delicious! I had waffle and grilled Brie. My husband had pot roast. We met the owner Gary. Very nice gentleman with ample experience in hospitality business. Will come back and recommend everyone to visit.The cheese and bacon omelette was fantastic.  The mozzarella cheese I chose to put on it tasted fresh. I can't remember the name of the appetizer.  But it was potatoes cheese and bacon.  "Superb" is how it was.  I tried shrimp etouffee  with grits was fantastic as well.   One can't go wrong visiting this place.I really hate to have to review this place this way because the food smelled amazing, but I didn't get to eat any. My fiancé and I came in and the staff was very nice while asking us to wait for a table. After waiting about ten minutes (no problem) someone took us to the back and seated us. After that, we sat at the table for over 15 minutes watching the servers wait on other tables. One server even walked by and haphazardly said hi to us, but did not ask us if we had been helped. After we saw a couple be waited on next to us right after they sat down (10 min after us) we decided to leave. I probably would have waited longer had I been offered even a cup of coffee. I'd love to go back because it smelled so good, but I'm hoping the service will improve by then to fit true NOLA fashion.My husband and I love biscuit & buns on banks.  Their biscuits are amazing and all of their biscuit dishes are great.  My husband got the Crawfish Etouffee Omelet yesterday and I got the Cinnamon Roll waffle.  The waffle was good, but I wish I would have gotten one of my favorites like the fried chicken biscuit or the Abita Roast Beef Debris biscuit.  Great coffee and good atmosphere, can be loud though.  Get here early on the weekends or you could be waiting a while (like most brunch places on a Saturday or Sunday).The staff was very friendly and present. The food is high quality it's not just diner breakfast. The prices were reasonable. Biscuits and gravy was great.My friend came into town, and we wanted to go for brunch. We chose this place because of its close proximity to where I stay. I pulled up thinking there was a spot I could park at, but one employee was not very nice, yelling at me saying that I couldn't park in that spot. Another customer pulled up into the exact same spot and nobody told her to move. We put our name on the waitlist and was told it would be a 15-20 minute wait. While we waited, there was complimentary coffee that was pretty tasty. Our wait turned into a 45 minute wait. I ordered the à la carte French toast with fresh fruit and the freshly squeezed lemonade. The lemonade wasn't sweet at all. The French toast was delicious as well as the complimentary biscuits that were served while you wait for your meal. This place would've gotten a better review if the employee wasn't so rude about parking and if the wait wasn't so long.Food was good. Really liked the waffles with Brie and the potatoes side, but the service was entirely too slow.FIRST OF ALL, it's called brunch. Breakfast + lunch = brunch. Not show up at 1 and order at 2 and the food  actually arrive after closing time at 315. That is a late lunch. This place must have created the phrase "sorry not sorry", because we received no apology or explanation why we sat in a corner and the first thing to arrive was a bag of gd CHIPS at 320. And thanks but no thanks to the manager that finally arrives to say something, again after closing time, and thinks it appropriate to rub my back in attempt to salvage any form of sympathy. Please don't touch, just bring us food. ANY FOOD WILL DO. 
Ps here's a pro tip, the only one I'm afraid I'll be able to offer after this experience, don't cook brunch food in sesame seed oil, your waffles taste like fortune cookies. And what a dismal, dark future it is. Please may the alcohol I have to drink across the street because there is no booze here erase this from my mind.Definitely a place you want to go for breakfast/brunch. Generous servings of comfort food to fill your cravings. And I LOVE biscuits. Theirs fill the love!!The food here was great and I really enjoyed it.  You better get here before the crowd or your gonna be waiting but the food is well worth itMy first time here, although I've heard great things about it. Walking up to it, some of the staff were outside and greeted us warmly. Walked inside, and everyone inside also said hello, too.
Cool decor and wall signs. Clean bathroom. 
Got seated and the menu looked great. 
Our server gave us some mini-biscuits as an amuse-bouche. Awesome biscuits with pecan butter. A great start. Coffee was strong and good size cups (I hate those tiny cups some places use). 
THE FOOD: 
I ordered the Abita glazed pot roast over a biscuit with a sunny side up egg on top, and a side of grits. Although I'm not a pot roast expert, I rarely order it in restaurants.  
I have to say, BEST pot roast I've ever had. Hands down. Tender, moist, tasty meat. Tremendously flavorful. The biscuit soaked up the flavor and juice and made it better. I broke the yolk and it flowed down and through the meat and biscuit. I loved it. I put some butter in the grits and chowed down. A great, filling brunch. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend had boudin balls, which I tried with the remoulade sauce. Great flavor, a kick of spicy heat. I thought I tasted a subtle crab flavor in it, which I really liked. The remoulade added a touch of sweet to it. Dynamite!!  Overall, one of the top 3 boudin balls in New Orleans in my opinion. Our other dining companions had chicken and waffles and fried andouille cakes with hash browns, both of which were said to be great. 
I recommend Biscuits and Buns. 
I will be frequenting it.Good food... waffles with steen syrup, I had boudin balls, chicken had a buffalo sauce marinade under the crispy fried coating. We went on a Monday around noon, I'll be back...I'm known by the staff and owner around here. Never disappointed by anything I ordered off the menu. Some of my favs are the chicken & waffle and the jerk chicken lettuce cup! Be sure to ask for honey Sriracha sauce with your chicken and waffles! The house butter is sweetened with pure cane syrup and pecans, certainly a treat! I love the festive murals especially the Mona Lisa with dreadlocks in the back!My first morning in New Orleans and what a way to start the day! Chicken and waffles were delicious, the waffles were so light and the chicken so tasty. My girlfriend had the blueberry waffle which she really enjoyed also, we'll definitely be back.Well being from out of town I was looking for great breakfast/brunch spots. This place will not fail you. The person in the front pointed us out a spot to attain dollar mimosas as we waited , then upon entrance I knew the food would be great. Long and behold it was nothing short of amazing.thanks again for having me.I went here on a date and had to wait THREE HOURS to get inside. My date insisted that it was worth the wait. The food was good but definitely not worth waiting outside for that long. I don't care if they serve coffee while you wait. Hipster hangout. It's over rated. Would never go back.This place is great, great customer service and the food is delicious. I had the blue berry waffles with Brie out of this world. The other half had biscuits and gravy. Both dishes were delicious, also try the biscuits and spread they give you when you sit down that is also delicious.  Loved our brunch there this morning!The customer service at biscuit and buns is exceptional. The food is more than delicious and the wait was short! I love love love this place. If you're visiting NOLA for the first time like myself, I highly recommend this place for a nice brunch. Seating both outside or inside. Not a bad thing I can say about this restaurant. I had the French toast with caramelized bananas and bacon which comes with your choice of grits or potatoes (I got grits of course) and I ordered an extra side of eggs. The manager checked in with us personally a couple times to make sure we were satisfied and the wait staff are highly attentive!I really enjoyed this place. I had the Shrimp Etouffee on a biscuit with a side of grits and my date had a red velvet waffle with a side of fried potatoes. Loved the service, atmosphere, and the delicious food.Thought I had this place pegged: a cozy little brunch nook tucked in a Mid-City cottage. It still managed to surprise me, pleasantly for the most part:
Surprise 1: Free biscuitlets and pecan butter! Plus the waitress brought our greedy table more when we asked.
Surprise 2: Vegetarian grub that's not an afterthought! Jerk tofu was actually spicy-- I was grateful for the cool crisp lettuce swaddling it like a leafy taco. And the tofu was properly cooked, meaning it had a little crispiness to it. Everything I had (grits, jerk tofu lettuce wraps, iced coffee) was REALLY REALLY GOOD.
Surprise 3: No luck if you're aiming for a boozy brunch. They don't serve liquor.
The service was a little spotty-- e.g., waitress asked for our order before bringing our menus. she did say it was her first day, though.
Overall, I'd give B&B on B a B plus.Had an amazing brunch here. I had the chicken and waffles with potatoes. Everything was great and the chicken was some of the best I've had anywhere. One of the chefs let us try his pecan butter, which goes perfectly with their waffles.  The staff was super friendly and accommodating. I'd definitely recommend this place!I can't speak to the quality of the food here because the service was so bad that we left before we could try it. The restaurant was half empty, and we sat for fifteen minutes without a menu or meeting our server. As we were trying to figure out whether or not to bail, the lady at the table next to us told us it took an hour and a half to get her food. As we walked out all the tables still waiting said they wished they'd done the same. We went across the street instead, where service was fast and the food was good!Best chicken and waffles! They came with a honey sriracha sauce and it was completely mouthwatering. 
Love the outdoor seating, although it is a bit limited. Overall, can't wait to get back!Great breakfast place. Some wacky combos and some regulars. Friendly and quick service.What more can you say about a place with Steen's cane syrup on every table. Abita pot roast on potatoes!Ok so I've been here about 30 times before I finally decided to sit down and write a review. Friendliest staff in the city and every menu item is creative and delicious. Don't be afraid to try their specials! Always the right moveBrunch in this city is pretty great. We have some wonderful options and biscuits & buns on banks is a nice addition to the scene. The service is very friendly, they have Steen's (always a good sign), and their fresh food is pretty tasty. I had the blueberry waffles with brie and roasted potatoes. Overall my meal was good, maybe just not great. I really had high hopes for this dish and it was OK. One issue was that it wasn't all that warm for some reason. We also didn't get any biscuits at the table which I was disappointed in because I so wanted to try one! Oh well, maybe next time. I think their price point on certain items like their basic breakfast is a little high. I would come back here with friends for a nice brunch in a cute space. I would try something else next time though; probably something that involves a biscuit.Wonderful, friendly service. Delicious food especially for the bread lover out there!Everything was delicious. They don't serve Bloody Mary's but they let us go across the street to a bar and bring some in to have with brunch. I had the crawfish étouffée over a biscuit, but tried the grilled Brie and blueberry waffle and highly recommend it! We waited about 40 minutes, but it was worth it! Waitress was very helpful and attentive.Had the chicken and waffles. Crispy chicken and light and fluffy waffle. Everything you want.This place was awful. Our food came out wrong, and even when they got it right, it was obvious both of our entrees were old. The fried chicken was dry and the bread was soggy. I couldn't believe how terrible it was because of its ratings.The food was pretty good. They were out of the pimento so I didn't get to order what I wanted. Service was lacking. The second thing I ordered wasn't as described on the menu. I'd still probably give it another chance.Best biscuits I've ever had. Period. Not lying. 
Other than, everything else is also delicious! I had the watermelon sandwich, grilled watermelon with arugula and brie (I think?), which was good, but not great. I didn't really like the warm arugula, but it was a cool concept! Friends got the chicken and watermelon, brie and blueberry waffle - SO good, and the waffle with pancetta - also good.
Will definitely be coming back. The staff was SUPER friendly and even gave us biscuits to take home. They have a great menu at pretty good prices and the vibes are great, super chill and in a cool little neighborhood. They even let you bring in drinks from the bar across the street!Have been wanting to try chicken and waffles for the longest...saw it on the menu and went for it. Was the best I've ever had...er, well, you know what I mean! Truly delish. The dish came with a Sriracha syrup that was the right mix of sweet with just a hint of kick! I also got some fresh fruit that was actually fresh.can't wait to try some lunchHad to wait a while for our order since there was a party of 20 ahead of us, but the staff was very friendly and told us our food was on the house! It was a cool location, and everyone was very friendly. Avery, our waiter, was only on his second day working there but did a fantastic job!
Food was great, definitely would recommend going here!The food wasnt bad but it wasnt great either. The chicken and waffles were ok. I probably wouldnt come back. On the plus side, the waitress was very nice.I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Almost as much as I love docking. Their biscuits are tender and fluffy. Unlike my docking experiences which are rough and filled with regret. Seriously, the last time I docked my boat it was bad. You can say I was being 'hard headed'. It was definitely an 'enveloping' experience. 
#dockingrulesGreat food.  Exceptional service!  I'm a server and Isis was amazing!Cons: The service was terrible. My friend and I had to wait an hour to receive our food, and 15 minutes to finally receive our check. Never go here if you have class to attend within two hours, because you'll be at the restaurant for two hours or even more. I can understand the wait would be long to be seated since the place is quite small. However, the place is rather slanted so my friend's drink kept slipping down the slanted table. 
Also, the waiter complained on our way out the restaurant "$1 tip, really?" I'm obviously not going to give you the full 15% tip if you had me waiting for your service. 
Pros: the food was pretty good though.
Another con: my friend's food was apparently. So he practically waited an hour just for cold food. He could get that kind of food at a high school cafeteria.Food was really good and the service was great. We loved the waffles with Brie and blueberry compote and the French toast that comes with carmelized bananas and pancetta. They have an extensive tea collection and I enjoyed the lavenderberry rooibos. The only thing that was a bit disappointing was the brisket on a bun that was a bit too salty and not as tasty as expected. Everything else was great. Also one of the owners was our server and she was very personable and helpful.Only good things to say about this place! Their food was by far one of the best brunches I have ever had! The service was amazing the, little blue bench outside has a really cool quote on it that helps add to the feel of the place,  the back room with the murals on the walls was beautiful and added to the NOLA vibeq. Youu have to get the blueberry and Brie waffles - trust me you won't regret it. And the other sweet dish is the bananas french toast! We also got these Jamaican tofu lettuce wraps, and they were ok. Definitely packed with flavor and I do love me some jerk sauce but you gotta indulge in their sweet dishes. And of course their biscuits are a MUST. They serve them warm with a pecan maple butter - I seriously crave this stuff. Will be coming back if I ever make it back to New Orleans!Overpriced. Small menu and they were out of many things. Ended up eating a standard breakfast - eggs, potatoes, bacon - for two and cost us $25. Biscuits were cold. What a bummer. Had heard good thingsMet Ivan and Gary today and had some great food. The chicken on the biscuit was marinated in crystal hot sauce - awesome. The pecan butter is also delicious. 
We did have a long wait, but it was a beautiful day and no one minded sitting outside and taking it all in. 
It's BYOB and there's a bar next door with $5 bloody mary's and mimosas. You can get a drink while you wait and they'll call you (or in our case she walked over) and let you know when the table's ready. 
Go here! Eat some biscuits and gravy!Let me start by saying the hostess was so very kind and attentive as was the manager and the man walking around giving refills ect. I will also say that our food was pretty good, french toast sticks awesome. With that said I am fairly certain that our waitress hated everything about her job. When asked for such things as cream and sugar for our coffee or a straw to drink with it was a problem she practically threw our food at us and left we only saw her again when I had to yell to her for a check. We sat outside it was a beautiful day and like I said the food was good but having a waitress that did not actually want to wait on us ruined the meal.You GOTTA TRY the Pot Roast w/Debris and gravy over Biscuit! (Gary, the owner, also says it's his fave!)  Another go to menu item is the blueberry waffle w/Brie cheese (I'm ordering that next time!).  Great ambiance, artwork, biscuits and sage sayings (check out the homage to Gary's Dad, Buddy, on the 2nd dining room wall).  Great new local hangout in Mid City.It's really beyond comprehension how this place keeps a 4 star review. I've given it 4 chances, FOUR. I only waited until now to post this review because I really wanted to see this place thrive because I live in the neighborhood. The service is hit or miss, but mostly miss. The food is bland at most, and the staff just isn't that friendly. I was going to give it at least 2 stars because at least the mini maple butter biscuits are good, but my last visit pushed me over the edge because we entered a half empty restaurant with glasses of ice water already set on every table. I'm sorry, that's not even acceptable for a busy venue. I've questioned the cleanliness of this place before, but that proved to show their carelessness. I can't bring myself to drink from a glass that god knows who has already touched. Bad call BBB.Got a chance to try this place while being a tourist with friends that were visiting. 
As you can guess by the name the menu revolves around biscuits and pairing biscuits with well known creole dishes. 
The restaurant is tiny but they also have outdoor seating which if you ask me if better because you can just cross the street and get a drink at the neighboring bar since the restauran doesn't serve alcohol. 
Wait staff is friendly in that great New Orleans way and the chef makes it a point to leave the kitchen and meet his guess.
Now the food! We were a semi-large group and everyone picked something different. The biscuits as promised were huge and delicious perfect for eating with butter or jam. The kitchen got caught in the weeds and our food came out in two phases. When my food hit the table I was very disappointed. While everyone else's dishes looked beautiful and plentiful my Chicken Tender on a Biscuit with the andouille and chorizo gravy was a mess! The chicken tender was the size of my pinky and the gravy was super watery. They tasted fine but not worth the $10. The potatoes that the waitress raved about and I waited forever to taste were also nothing special.
I will return because some of the other dishes did look better put together and tasty.My first morning in New Orleans and what a way to start the day! Chicken and waffles were delicious, the waffles were so light and the chicken so tasty. My girlfriend had the blueberry waffle which she really enjoyed also, we'll definitely be back.Food and ambiance was great!!
Super cute and cozy restaurant.
You sign on a waiting list outside, while you wait they have complimentary coffee while you wait or after breakfast.
The only down side was the waitress wasn't on point. Felt like she took care of everyone else before my group (3 young ladies). Being a server my self I understand when you get weeded (busy). We felt like we were being ignored until we finally stopped her to take our order 15 min after we all sat there.
I'll visit again when I come back to Nola. Hopefully we just don't get her again.I ate here with a Groupon I bought.  Boy, what a total disappointment.  The smoothie was sour, the biscuits were stale, & everything else was a cut below acceptable.  I don't know if they were just having a bad day or what but when you can't even get biscuits right, it's time to pack it up.  We didn't even eat half the things we ordered.A friend found BBB in a guidebook and took a couple of us with him. It's a cool restaurant that has indoor and outdoor seating. The inside is definitely bigger than it looks from the outside.
We came here for brunch and we weren't disappointed. We each got something different and everything was good. The biscuits were delicious, the sausage and crab had a good flavor. The coffee mugs were large.
We had to wait about 10 minutes or so to be seated, but once inside the atmosphere was fun with oversized utensils on the walls as well as cool art. The service was very good, our server was always ready to refill our coffee.This place is truly a GEM!!! Nice, cute, and quaint little Breakfast/Brunch spot located in Mid City New Orleans. The biscuits are to die for! They have maple and cane syrup on all the tables and have AMAZING menu options. Nice art to enjoy while you're eating and the service is nice and quick. Definitely will come back for another visit soon!Adorable atmosphere, great selection, and yummy food! Service was also friendly and phenomenal; so glad we found a new breakfast/ lunch place!The food here is amazing!!! My husband got the chicken and waffles and I got the blueberry and Brie waffles. Both items were delicious! The breading on the chicken tender that comes with the waffle was light and airy. It had a wonderfully perfect crunch. My blueberry and Brie waffles were heavenly! The Brie added a lovely creamy texture to very fluffy and delicious waffles. The wait staff here is also just as nice. Our waitress along with the owners Gary and His wife worked together to leave a wonderful and home-like impression for their guests. We will definitely be back to try the rest of their menu items!Had to Yelp a great breakfast spot in Midcity for my short visit to New Orleans, and this place caught my eye by looking at the dreamy pictures. For starters, the coffee is hot and strong, which is always a good sign. 
My boyfriend got the waffle-wich, which contained scrambled eggs and bacon. He got a side of grits, and was overwhelmed by the quantity of food! I got the caramelized banana and pancetta bacon French toast. Let's just say the guys here have mastered the salty/sweet balance. This dish is a French toast sandwich basically, and was absolutely heavenly. I highly highly recommend getting it. I can't speak highly enough about how good the food was. 
AND you get complimentary mini biscuits with pecan butter!Great finds!  Love this place.  Biscuits chicken gravy all out of this world.   First class service. Friendly and genuine.Had a phenomenal brunch at this great new place in Mid City! I usually have to drive out to Satsuma or settle for Canal St. Bistro or the long lines at Ruby Slipper to get a decent breakfast spread.
My chef boyfriend and I were constantly impressed by the service (offering biscuits while we waited for our meal), the attention to detail (Steen's cane syrup and honey on the table, and the gorgeous ampersand mugs), and of course the delicious and eclectic food. I enjoyed the grilled cheese with crabmeat and caramelized onions. My boyfriend had the most mouthwatering biscuits and andouille/chorizo gravy (I shamelessly ate the gravy with a spoon). The gracious owner made sure to make contact with us at the beginning and end of the meal. I'll be back here frequently!Great little place.  The staff was very friendly.  Went for brunch.  Food was excellent...would def recommend to anyone in the mid-city NOLA area.Family of 5 and we went there today at 1. There was a wait but not too bad. We were seated at an outdoor table and it took about 5-10 minutes for a waitress to take our order. 
Within a few mins we received our biscuits and gravy app. After that, other tables were seated and served and we had yet to receive anything else. After about 45 mins with no service we asked for the bill and left. I think the waitress forgot to send in our order via their iPad app and only did so when we asked about our food 45 mins in. 
My main issue though is that the owner, who we spoke with while waiting on our table, sat 5' away from us the whole time we waited on our food but didn't think to check on our table at all. 
Was excited to try this place out but can't see us going back.Today was not the best experience. I usually absolutely love coming here. Starting with the hostess: she is very rude. Seems that being somewhat in charge with no supervision has gone to her head. She definitely is not polite, sweet, or caring like the usuals who do the seating. We'll see if the food is good today. 
The sample biscuits look horrible. Never seen a "biscuit" shaped or textured this way, here before.
Waffles and bacon were served cold.Cute brunch spot- we came during prime brunch hours with six, so there was a bit of a wait. Once we got in the service was fast and friendly. The chicken and waffles were excellent, and I would love to come back and try the waffle with Brie and blueberries. The owner/chef and his wife were super friendly.  Great place, I would definitely go backI went this morning with a friend and I only wish I had gone sooner! The waffles with brie and blueberries were AMAZING! Great service, sunny atmosphere and a menu with plenty to choose from. My friend ordered the waffles with goat cheese and blueberries and she said it was wonderful, too. I'll definitely be going back for more!Food was solid, restaurant was clean bright and everyone was friendly. One awkward thing was the ipads the waitreses carry around as a POS. First, they have a goofy thick case on it designed for children (ive seen kids with the same case) makes me think the owner doesnt trust his staff or us. Also, when it came time to pay, there was no printed recipt- the waitress just flashed us the total on the ipad, which is fine for a counter top cafe but not a sit down restaurant. The waitress also didnt leave the ipad with us to figure out whos paying,etc so she just stood there as we were counting money-super super awkward. Get some printed recipts or a less awkward way to pay and im backI would HIGHLY recommend the waffles and brie with blueberry compote! Just as delicious as it sounds. I was a little underwhelmed with the shrimp creole and grits. It was fine, but my grits were a little more watery than I like and that with the creole sauce was not the consistency I was looking for. During my recent trip to NOLA this was my favorite meal!I really wanted to be able to give Biscuits and Buns a good review because I had heard so many great things, the place was so cute, and the customer service was EXCELLENT. However, the food was terrible. After it was recommended by our waiter, I ordered the pulled pork bowl which was described to me as an egg, cheese grits, and potatoes topped with pulled pork. Sounds great right? IT WAS AWFUL!!! Not only was the food EXTREMELY bland, the presentation was horrible. My food looked like a bowl of slop!! I wasn't able to taste any flavoring (if there was any) because of all of the juice from the pulled pork. The juice also had no flavoring and neither did the grits. I don't even know if cheese was added to the meal because you couldn't taste it or see it. Overall, I was not happy. My boyfriend was not satisfied with his meal either. He ordered the chicken and biscuits which ended up being bland as well. If I feel the need to return (unlikely) I will certainly get something generic that the kitchen would have a hard time screwing up.I was so excited to be able to take my daughter to this sweet local restaurant. I'm sad to say it wasn't very good. It was ok but definitely not the 4-5 stars many of the reviews give it. The building is leaning so much that my iced tea slid completely off of it. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with grits topped with cheddar cheese. I requested crispy bacon and the biscuit (reviews were so woo woo over these biscuits). The bacon wasn't crispy and the biscuit was dry; butter wasn't served with the meal so eating the biscuit wasn't an option. The grits were served in a small bowl and they were warm not hot; kinda hard like they had been sitting under a warming light and turned brickish. The cheese on top of the grits was cold and would not melt in this dish was also not eatable. The service was terrible. I asked for iced tea with my meal and it was brought with my coffee and without ice or a straw. I asked for a glass of ice and my server looked at me as if I was asking for a gold brick. I then asked for a straw and again was given the look of... why are you bothering me again. When my tea slid off of my table someone else cleaned up and no one brought me a replacement until I asked for it. Just not worth $50.00 plus tip. Won't return.Hands down the best breakfast EVER! The grilled Brie with blueberry compote waffles were perfect. This place is quaint and off then beaten path, not in the hub of tourism. Across the street you can get an amazing Bloody Mary to tide you over if there is a wait. Would come back to NOLA just for breakfast!!Great very friendly breakfast and brunch spot. Had the pot roast very tender and flavorful.  Worth the trip.Excellent food & service!! I had the French toast bites for appetizers & BBQ shrimp & grits for the main course.  Everything taste great & you definitely get a lot for your money!! Katie was our waitress and her service was excellent!! We will definitely be back!Living in Dallas, but being a hometown girl, I come ready with a list of places to revisit and another to try for the first time. I took my mother on 12/27 to eat lunch (12:15pm) at this quaint little shotgun in my Dad's old neighborhood, just down the street from Jesuit HS. We were warmly greeted and brought right away our table by Yvonne, co-owner.  No wait. We were in the second dining room and sat near a quote on the wall by Buddy Stall (NOLA LEGEND). I said to my mom, "Any place that has a Buddy Stall quote posted has got to be good!" I then learned from Yvonne that her husband, Gary, is one of Buddy's children!!! 
In any event we ordered coffee and it was flavorful and hot. I did have to go get/refill the Spenda dispenser though and our server forgot to bring the pecan butter and mini biscuits to our table, but Yvonne saved the day and brought it (after our order was at the table).
FOOD: 
Mom ordered the eggs, grits, and bacon and I ordered the shrimp étouffée on a biscuit. My dish had an Excellent flavor, spice, and temperature ( piping hot) and generous amount of good sized shrimp (10/15 count) too. A little underwhelmed by the biscuit as I found it bland and doughy which I told Yvonne when she stopped by to check in with us. I tend to like my biscuits more well done and flaky, this one was a bit dense and perhaps undercooked (?? =!Reason for the 4/5 stars). Maybe this is a fluke? I'll give them another shot during this visit to NOLA or again in future visits.
Mom's breakfast arrived exactly as she ordered bacon ( cooked hard/crispy), sunny side eggs ( medium) and perfectly prepared/ right amount of salt grits were hot. She gave it an enthusiastic thumbs up!
 PARKING: 
on street, no problem. easy
AMBIENCE:
 Typical old N'awlins - kinda loud, but not uncomfortable. It IS in a shotgun and they DO have wooden floors! 
SERVICE: OK, not excellent but our server was not overbearing and coffee/water were refilled without much wait. Owners, Gary and Yvonne Stall, were warm and welcoming - EXTREMELY nice and genuinely wanted feedback to make the diner's experience positive. I hope they do well and we will go back, if nothing more than to visit and have coffee with them :)
CLEANLINESS: Terrific! Everyone pitched in to bus tables and turnover, though not very busy on a Saturday afternoon was good.love this place.   a new find for me.  great art, murals and food.   wonderful service, and especially when the owner actually is working helping with the waitstaff and comes to you and chats up some mural art with ya.    
congrats a great addition to new orleans restaurants.
andouille hashcakes, breakfast appetizers?  briliant.   maple bacon butter?  whoa.   nice change from the standard spots that try and don't quite hit it out the park  ...  y'all def hit homeruns.I had a decent experience here. The service was a little slow, as I think they were short handed. The food was good, nothing to write home about for me, as a Louisianan with a palette that likes a lot of flavor. 
I could be back to try something else.The chicken and waffles and debris biscuit were nothing short of amazing! Service was great.Walked here from an AirBnB with a bunch of hungover bachelorette party gals. The staff here were SO accommodating and helpful. The food was simple but delicious. Tiny spot, lots or people walked away due to the wait. So arrive early, it's worth it.Thoroughly enjoyed our meal and service at this quaint restaurant. Had the goat cheese with apples and walnut on focaccia. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I was disappointed with my iced latte. All at the table found the espresso bitter and weak. The latte was pretty watery, but loved my (and my friends') meal(s).We had a very disappointing experience B&BonB. After waiting 30 minutes to be seated, we waited another 30 minutes before finally asking for someone to take our drink orders. There were several staff, but only a few seemed to be working. Once we had a waitress, it was still mediocre service at best. The manager (I assume) comped an appetizer for us as he realized we had waited for some time without any acknowledgement. This was much appreciated.  During our extended wait time, we noticed several disgruntled employees and very few of them were taking initiative to serve the guests. The food was absolutely delicious, but the overall poor experience has deterred us from returning again.We were greeted by an enthusiastic lady who took us to our table. The waitress gave us good enough time to decide our drinks and menu. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with eggs and turkey. The potatos that came with it were just awesome. I also tried the iced mocha and tasted really good. My husband did the biscuit and eggs and liked them too. I highly recommend this place as a cozy and friendly one.We recently visited biscuit and buns on banks and had an amazing experience while on New Orleans my heart and prayers go out to the flood family victims we were just north on Baton Rouge when the flood hit. The owners Yvonne and Gary are awesome and so humble!!  Laura our waitress was awesome!! The food was great! They switch up on the specials daily so get it while you can. I tried the chicken and waffles which had a flavorful kick to it ( Spicy). The decor was cool as well, my next trip will be at this place every morning while I am in town.Amahhzing!! The wait for a table was 45 min to an hour BUT they sent us across the street for $1 mimosas so time just flew by after about our 3rd mimosa . The table had chicken and waffles , French toast with bananas and some fancy cheese , fried burrito , and and omelette dish . All in all was very delicious!!Great brunch option - delicious food, central location, attentive service, quaint converted home with your typical whimsical NOLA decor, outdoor seating available.  Be prepared for a line.  There's complimentary mini-biscuits once you're seated.  Chicken and waffles were decent.  I especially liked the spicy syrup that came with it.  Bf was blown away by the chicken tender on house biscuit topped with andouille and chorizo sausage gravy.  Only complaint is coffee was disappointing.  Overall, I would recommend this restaurant.Went there on a Saturday during Jazz Fest. We were seated fairly quickly,  but it took nearly an hour for our meal to be served and then we were told,  "we're out of Potatos". Once food arrived it was good, but not an hour wait good.We went this morning and had the chicken and waffle and the watermelon with arugula salad and brie. The watermelon dish was every bit as beautiful in person as it was on the Facebook page (which is, by the way, why we ended up eating here!). Tuesday mornings are quiet and unhurried. The food came out quickly and it was marvelous. You shouldn't miss the biscuits and gravy -- we ordered a side for a taste and ended up polishing it off! This charming little breakfast spot is the perfect addition to our neighborhood.
Further, the proprietor (calls himself "chief biscuit maker") is a delight. If you get a chance to chat him up, definitely do so. We had a great conversation. We definitely plan to be back and bring friends!The French Toast.... Ridiculous...just wow. Had a double shot of espresso too. RockedWas excited to try this place since I'm moving back to the neighborhood - haven't lived in MidCity in many years, so the flurry of new restaurants seemed promising. The decor was attractive, the staff was nice & the menu even looked enticing. I had a biscuit (since it's a biscuit place) with egg, cheese and sausage. Biscuit wasn't fully cooked. Figured it would be a sausage patty, instead it was actual links of sausage that rolled off when you tried to eat it. Side of grits were watery -- probably made by someone who isn't from here. Only part of this that I enjoyed was the fresh mango-lemonade.  It's also extremely loud in there. Some kind of acoustic panels + music would be great.Holy crap the French toast. Holy crap. It was incredible. 
We also had the hashcake which was good. Surprisingly, the biscuits left something to be desired but we had too much food as it was. 
Wonderful service and a cute restaurant.Very disappointed.  Biscuits are rocks. Bacon is half raw. Eggs over easy are much too runny. Nice atmosphere and terrific service.  Doesn't make up for extraordinarily average food. Won't be back.Love this restaurant and the owners are amazingly friendly. The pot roast and biscuits were to die for as well.The food is impressive and the customer service is the best in the city. Dinning here is only second best to breakfast at your mothers house.Heard great stuff about this place. Waited 40 minutes for a table which we were okay with. Then however our food took 1.5 hrs! When it arrived my friend's omelette was ice cold and the two crab cake benedicts were extremely salty. If you don't have the capacity to seat and serve breakfast for 15 tables within 40 mins, then don't seat so many tables at once. Poaching an egg takes 7 mins max and theres no excuse for a cold omelette. Then they comped the omelette but not the rest of the meal. They were very apologetic but will not be going back and can think of a million other great brunch places in Nola to try next time. Disappointing.My husband and I went here for brunch on Sunday while in town.  Coming from Ohio we loved the cute outside seating area and the neighborhood it was in.  
My husband wanted to try their biscuits just plain with jam or butter to see if they lived up to the name.  I'm not the biggest biscuit fan but they seemed to do a good job with them, plus their homemade jams and marmalades were pretty delicious. 
We shared the grilled brie waffle and the chicken tender biscuits and gravy.  Both were really delicious!  The grilled brie waffle was just something unique that piqued our interest and it was really good, the blueberry compote brought just the right amount of acidity and freshness to cut the richness of the brie.  The chicken tender biscuits and gravy were good, the chicken was super tender and the gravy was so good!
My husband really liked their coffee as well and their service was efficient yet kind.  Overall a great brunch spot in Mid City but be prepared to wait a little while for a table.  That didn't bother us at all because we went across the street to the little dive bar for mimosas.Let me start by saying that we've only had take-out from here, so the food may taste differently if you're actually eating in the restaurant. That being said, the food was just... so-so. My husband and I shared an omelet, breakfast potatoes, and a biscuit. The potatoes were yummy, but the biscuit was nothing special and the omelet (with bacon, mushrooms, and cheese) was very bland. The egg itself didn't seem to have any salt or pepper in it, and the filling was just not mixed in at all.  Despite the okay food, the staff was extremely polite and friendly. We'll probably give it another try at some point and try to eat inside.