Beautifully sweet ending to a sweet trip to NOLA with the girls. We stumbled upon this after a delicous savory lunch nearby at Cochon (review to follow). Sweet Confections is on Magazine St, around corner from the art gallery strip on Julia St.   We had a sampling of cupcake (chocolate with mocha filling) and truffles (raspberry, creme brulee, and orange).  Cupcake was good, mocha filling best part. Rasberry truffle was my fav, love the dark chocolate so it's not cloyingly sweet. The coffee was a wonderful chaser, not overly burnt, smoky, or acidic... I usually have coffee with milk n sugar, forgot this time, but I didn't even need it!  Seating was nice, with a few cafe tables inside. Enough for our 6-girl troop. And service was great, helpful with flavor suggestions and labelling.  Gave 4 of 5 stars because maybe they could benefit from one more equally gracious staff person.I'm in town for an OB/GYN conference and really wanted to explore the local gems - oh Yelp you make travel so much better.  I was on my way to grab lunch and passed by a cute window display and decided I would come their for dessert and coffee.  
I'm a coffee snob - Peet's in the Bay Area, Intelligencia in Chicago, Dunn Bros. etc.. and the coffee here was pretty good - just a shade lighter roast than Peets.  
I also picked up some Amaretti cookies to share but once I tried them decided to keep them 
- light airy buttery almond flavored little circles of joy.  
I plan to go back before I leave and get some delicious treats to take home!I found myself in The Big Easy for a convention back in the beginning of May. I stayed about 1.5 miles from the Convention center thinking a morning walk with a breakfast stop would be good for me. I went online and looked at reviews and picked a few spots along my route that I felt would be worthy of checking out for breakfast. As I was strolling along Magazine Street I peaked in the window of what I thought was a Pastry/Cake/Sweets stuff kind of place. "BITTERSWEET confections" For a moment I thought maybe they weren't open yet because it wasn't crowded with a line out the door like others I had passed.  Then I glanced over at the menu and I spotted the breakfast menu!!  I said to myself, give it a try, why wait in a line for 30 min elsewhere, you're right HERE dude. So I walked in and that is when my 3 day RELATIONSHIP started!.  Yep, it was so damn good I went back every day on my morning walk to the convention. Day one I asked to speak to the chef, a lovely lady FULL of passion about her food and family recipes. She makes a damn good Biscuit!! I wanted to apologize for not being able to finish my meal (Healthy Portions) and I didn't want anyone to think I was dissatisfied. She smiled, thanked me and said I'll see you tomorrow and tomorrow she did along with the day after. I could only finish half of my meal so on the remainder of my walk to the convention the next day I would find someone along the way who hadn't eaten yet and pass on the deliciousness of the day! It was a wonderful experience.  On my final day my local friend wanted to take me out for breakfast at one of "THE SPOTS", the convention was over and I wasn't on any schedule. We walked to the place she recommended (a very popular spot, with a very long line and wait). I said, I can't do this long line, let me show you a spot I found! So we took a nice morning stroll over to Bittersweet. BOOM!, another AMAZING meal, there was also a young couple that had come in for a tasting to pick out wedding cakes. I overheard them say they were on a budget with a humble look in their eyes. I can tell you from my seat they were treated like a respected customer who had deep pockets. I was thinking to myself if that cake tastes anything like the breakfasts I've been having these kids are in for a real TREAT!! Apologies for taking soooo long to sit down and post a review.  5 stars!!Bittersweet is a delicious problem to my waistline! Everything they make is incredible, from the cupcakes, to truffles, to handmade chocolates, to the waffles on Saturdays. In addition the owner is very sweet and all her employees are kind and freindly!I have never had a bad experience here. It doe not get better than this!Everyone here is so nice. They had 3 employees working and they all greeted each customer. They explained their different cupcakes but I kept it simple with a red velvet and and wedding cake. The cupcakes were great. I can't wait to go back and try some different one. 
Great experience. A MUST GO!My review is simple: the BEST cake I've ever had, hands down. There isn't even a close second. They did my wedding cake and other desserts. FABULOUS! Have you ever seen an ENTIRE wedding cake be devoured in about 30 minutes???? People couldn't get enough. And it was BEAUTIFUL!!!! Highly recommend! Even if you don't need a large order, just go get a cupcake. You will dream about it for months, wanting more.We decided to take an alternate route back from Cochon Butcher to our hotel and stumbled across this small confectioner.  I had a few spare microns of space in my stomach for something sweet, so we grabbed a filled lemon and a chocolate cupcake.  The filled lemon was the better of the two.  Both were fresh, delicious, and hit the spot.  I wish we'd sampled some of the truffles but just didn't have room.Here is a tea review. Yup, a tea review for Bittersweet! 
Tea tea tea. This is our second time here 5 years apart. Super nice service both times. 
Now, he (I assume the owner) brews iced tea over 12 to 16 hours. It is really good, really, really good. You can tell he takes pride in this tea and his establishment.
This time, I also had a fantastic almond croissant. The white icing is wonderful. Should have bought two the husband took way too much from his "bite." In the past we had cupcakes and also really enjoyed these.
We will be back on our next NOLA visit for certain.Chery did a magnificent  job creating a desert bar that was beautiful and filled with delicious cakes, cup cakes, tarts and brownies. Our guest all made comments about how excellent the deserts were. She was so sweet and helpful in guiding me in selections to offer. The presentation was beautiful.UPDATE (11/24)
-----------------------------
Okay this is the best coffee-shop in town period, I have switched jobs but not my coffee-shop so that is something.
Also, I ordered an egg-less cake from them and it was heavenly. Not many places can claim that in this city
This is what you need to do: Go to the farmers markets on Girod and Magazine early on saturday, then head over for waffles or a bagel or both.
You will thank me later.
Its my regular place for coffee and bagel and it is one of the awesome places in the neighborhood to get both of them. 
The staff is super-friendly (shout out to Cheryl, Andy, Linda and everyone :))
Regular: Plain bagel, plain cream-cheese and americano with 2-shots
Regular you can't miss: Yogurt "perfect" Parfait
Must try: Dark chocolates or any chocolates really.Nothing bittersweet about this establishment! An absolute treasure in the warehouse district! The almond petit four and red velvet cheesecake were insanely delicious and I would go back every day if I could. I also had an iced almond milk latte and it beat the chain coffee places. The cakes looked wonderful and the staff was super friendly. Go Check It Out !!! You won't be disappointed!Delicious King Cakes (both the chocolate and the traditional)!Perfect dessert & coffee spot!! Hubs & I enjoyed our mini chocolate cake - MMMM Good! Rich, moist cake with creamy chocolate mousse & chocolate ganache!Purchased an almond cupcake. The bottom line, a small cupcake with big flavor. I found that the cupcake was smaller than other cupcakes but it was really tasty. Was it worth $3.00, I guess. Would I pay $3.00 again, probably not, but my husband says he would. Customer service was ok. The guy behind the counter was not friendly but he was not rude either. The cashier was a bit friendlier. I must admit, based on all the great reviews on Yelp, I was expecting a bit more.The cupcakes are unreal from this place. Like literally the best cupcakes in New Orleans. I wish I had more! I had the strawberry frosting cupcake and the caramel cupcake and they were amazing.I walked in to this "new to me" dreamland and was instantly overwhelmed by the numerous tasty and gorgeous options. Amber came to my rescue and not only described each treat of a cupcake in great detail but she could also tell how torn I was in deciding and suggested getting two, cutting them in half and eating half of each - Franken-cupcakes!!! She was lovely, funny and helpful as was her co-worker. She made my cupcake dreams come true!We were looking to pass the time while waiting to do something in town and stumbled upon this place. I got a petit four and my boyfriend got a strawberry swirl cheese cake. They were small, but satisfying, as I don't need a ton of sweets to satisfy my sweet tooth. However, they do have larger cakes and cupcakes for those that like a little more. The cappuccino was delicious and I loved the little cafe environment. The music they played was relaxing, but hip. We will definitely be back. Probably before our trip is over.Nice atmosphere
Friendly & Welcoming StaffBittersweet Confections is my 5-yr-old son's "favorite coffee shop" (his words- which probably says something about how often I drag him to coffee shops, cafes, etc.)- It's fairly high on my own list of places to acquire caffeine as well. 
The pastry and chocolate selection here is good- the cupcakes are quite yummy and there's a wide selection of flavors. They've recently added a small gelato selection- mostly unusual flavors, not the basics.
Bittersweet also makes cakes for any occasion and they often have a slideshow on a screen in the cafe of lots of the different cake designs they've made (some of which are pretty creative)- so if you're looking for a cake in a specific shape, they can probably do it (Millennium Falcon cake, anyone? They can handle that.)
There's seating inside if you want to hang out and enjoy your treat and coffee. There's also free Wifi, so you can check in or peruse the Web while you sit. 
The staff is always friendly and willing to answer questions about the stuff in the dessert cases.Great cupcakes and randomly the best Gumbo I had while I was here in New Orleans for Essence fest.  The chef and her young helper were great. Very friendly and welcoming. Stopped by for sweets and ended up coming back the next day for brunch. Cant wait to come back the next time we are here.This is the best Alvacado Toast I have ever had! The place was really nice and quaint! Will definitely visit again.Cute, tasty, and maybe one of the best blueberry muffins I've had in years! This place was rated #3 in the top 10 places for sweets in the New Orleans area!
Right across the way from our Saturday farmers market, it was the perfect place to stop before heading back home. There were a number of visual-pleasing treats in the case and plenty of tables and chairs to stay and enjoy a handmade coffee made by the friendly baristas. 
I'm telling you- best blueberry muffin ever!Found this gem while looking for the car.  I'm so glad we stopped in and grabbed some cupcakes! Probably the best cupcakes I've ever had in life! Had German chocolate cupcake and I don't remember the name of the other one. . but it was banana nut bread with chocolate in the middle and peanut butter icing!  Every bite was heavenly! We will definitely be back when we are in NOLA!Best blueberry muffin I have ever had! They are flaky and perfectly warmed. They use the freshest produce. The cappuccinos are amazing! It's not bitter and not overly heated.Great little bakery and coffee shop. Had we been in NO longer we would have tried the Belgian waffles. Next time. 
And thanks for the intro to Gold and the Rush. :)We would like to thank Ben and his team at Bittersweet Confections for the gorgeous cake they made for our 50th Bday Celebration!! Also for accommodating my egg allergy and making me a special cake! Thank you again! Everyone loved it!! Nicci, Diane & JenLooks and feels like your average cupcake/coffee shop, so nothing new to report there. But what sets this place apart is their cupcakes. They're fantastic! We've been to a lot of places in this country and tried a lot of cupcakes, and Bittersweet Confections has one of the best we've ever had!I'm in the business district for a conference at the convention center. I wanted a quick good quality breakfast, not a heavy full service breakfast or a shipped-frozen-then-thawed pastry from a chain coffee shop. So, I looked for a local bakery. Found Bittersweet Confections within walking distance of my hotel and the convention center. I initially intended to buy a sweet pastry like an almond croissant, but saw breakfast sandwiches on the menu as well. I decided on bacon, egg, and cheese on an everything.bagel. My sandwich arrived quickly enough, but obviously made to order with freshly prepared real bacon, egg, and cheese. The sandwich and dark roast coffee were both served hot and delicious.  I enjoyed my breakfast at a little table by the large window so I could look out on Magazine Street.Went here today for the first time and ordered two different cupcakes.  There were many to chose from as well as homemade truffles, gelato, cakes, etc.  our cupcakes were very good but a bit to sweet for my taste. The atmosphere is comfortable and there are places to sit and relax while having coffee and a sweet treat.  The cake video running while we were eating was very intriguing to watch.  I would definitely go back but maybe this time try something other than a cupcake.Everything in this shop is incredible right down to their tasty chai teas and coffees. Their king cakes are moist and decadent. This was a great place to stumble upon unexpectedly while walking to lunch.Best cupcakes ever!  We also tried a few of the cookies everything was great.  The coconut macaroons dipped in chocolate were amazing. All of the staff is really helpful.My wife and I were looking for a local bakery while we were in New Olreans and thanks to the power of technology we were able to find this cute bakery with in walking distance of the Blake Hotel where we were staying for the week.  The walk down to Bittersweet Confections, was a nice one...too bad the rain made us rush a little.  
But now to the meat and potatoes of this review.  When I think of a cupcakery, this is the quintessential idea of what it should look like.  It had a warm inviting feel that made you want to sit down and chat with friends for hours.  It doesn't have that stale feel like a big chain bakery.  Excited that we found a place like this, we ordered way more than we should have...but there was so much good stuff how could you not!  We did 2 cupcakes, I had the breakfast bowl, my wife had the vegetarian Quiche, and I also had a cup of their Bittersweet Mocha.  The food was amazing!  It was a much better option to eat here than some of the tourist places that had constant lines in them.  
 - The breakfast bowl was a hearty mix of a biscuit, grits, egg, cheese, and bacon.  
 - The quiche was a light fluffy consistency with big chunks of veggies.  
 - The bittersweet mocha was not exactly my style of coffee, so I added a little caramel and it was fantastic.
 - German chocolate cupcake and salted caramel cupcake both had a nice texture and flavor, but my wife and I both preferred the German Chocolate over the Caramel.
At first I thought the prices were a little high, but in retrospect it was under most of the meals we had in the area and we walked out much happier because we weren't fighting for a place to sit.  I would definitely go back.I actually found this little gem by looking on Yelp! It was a little bit of a walk from our hotel but well worth it. We went for breakfast and I got the breakfast bowl and it was super delicious. Everything I wanted for breakfast in a bowl ... I think I would get it with bacon next time instead of sausage just to be easier to eat. My husband got the yogurt and granola and a side of hash browns. The hash browns were seriously so delicious. The portions were pretty big so you could always split something sweet and savory. I couldn't stop starring at the cupcakes and cakes but it was 8:30am so no room for that this trip. Also I have to mention how friendly the service was. Right when we walked in we felt welcome and can't wait to got back! I would say go early because it's a small place and seems like it would fill up fast!Cheryl was absolutely fantastic in helping us with our Wedding cake... we had a destination wedding to New Orleans May 11th and it was a very small intimate wedding. Our cake was 2 tier almond cake with vanilla buttercream... Oh my word it was beautiful with the ruffle piping and it was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted. If I had to do it again the only thing I would do different is order a bigger cake so we could have had more to take home!Have grabbed breakfast here a couple times and it's very good, I wish they were open later, especially on the weekends.  Really enjoyed, will be back3.5 Stars 
The decor was nice and the guy that helped me out as really friendly. I saw some fruit flies in the far left muffin case and was a bit turned off about getting anything in there
Their creme brulee truffle was really good and melts in your mouth.
I really like the almond wedding cupcake. I didn't care much for the frosting, but the cake was delicious! One of my favorites.
Their red velvet was A-OK. I've had way better. I wouldn't recommend it.One of the worst brownies that I have ever had. The brownie was very dry and extremely hard. I was barely able to eat it with a plastic spoon. The chocolate was just bitter. Definitely will not be a returning customer.A very cute, clean place. We stopped in for icecream.  Velvety smooth,  and delicious.  Friendly staff.  Would recommend!Super impressed!  
The staff was SOOOO accommodating and friendly, fulfilling a special request less than an hour before closing.  I also got to watch them carry out a special order cake for an anniversary party that was awww-dorable! 
Although I wish they did have a bit larger selection, I do understand a bakery doesnt want food sitting out and getting stale and/or not selling and appreciate that they make alot of things to order.  With their lengthy weekday and weekend hours, Bittersweet also serves coffee and seems like a nice little spot to grab caffeine and pastry, particularly if you want a change of pace from chain restaurants (aka Starbucks). 
Also, for you Saints fans, during the playoffs Bittersweet hung a sign saying they were closed to cheer on the Saints.  Just thought that caught the spirit of this city in a super cute way!Food was great! Decor and atmosphere was inviting, cosy, and cute!  Only issue was the cashier was a bit rude, or having a bad day, and showed it to the customers.  Definitely recommend it though!Purchased an almond cupcake. The bottom line, small cupcake with big flavor. I found that the cupcake was a little small but it was really tasty and moist.  The bakery is clean and super cute store.I really liked this place, and I wasn't totally expecting to. Full disclosure: I didn't actually have any cupcakes or treats, which is probably the main thing to try here.
It's conveniently located in an area that's lacking this sort of thing. The bagels are obviously baked in house and they are really quite good: chewy with a very crunchy crust. I enjoyed my coffee a lot, and they have soy and almond options to make vegans/people with food allergies happy.
I do think it's a little on the expensive side for what you're getting, but they do have to pay rent in the warehouse district, after all. It seems like they have a lot of business baking cakes for weddings and such. I definitely would come back.Great coffee, great pastries, great customer service, and a cool environment! Highly recommend this place.Came here with a friend of mine to try out cake for her wedding and we were absolutely blown away! The samples we tried were so tasty, we wished we could've had an entire cake of everything: chocolate, vanilla, almond. Next, the frostings. The almond was so tasty and we both loved the hint of glitter in it, wonderful. Though we liked that was the best, it was a pretty hard choice between that and the chocolate. If you ever need to order a cake for an event, definitely come here. They are very kind and extremely helpful!This is a wonderful little bakery and brunch restaurant.  I've been a few times now and never been disappointed.  They are also very kind and extremely patient with my silly questions (thank you for that!)  
They also have the best chocolate croissants I've had in years.  Unlike most places these days that fill their chocolate croissants with gobs of some odd overly sweet fudge-like gloop they have just the right amount.  And it's not too sweet!  They're heaven.Had great coffee and king cake. Great little local atmosphere. Breakfast looked great!This is a nice well-air conditioned cafe in the Central Business District. 
Coffee is very good and soy milk is available. My boyfriend and I stopped by after lunch at Cochon and a bit of walking around the National WWII Museum entrance. 
FREE WIFI!I am so impressed with the excellent customer service and my relatives are so impressed with the desserts.  I am from Florida but called a few highly rated local bakeries looking for someone to deliver pastries to a nearby hotel where my relatives were staying.  The first three bakeries were rude and unhelpful.  I am so glad I found Bittersweet Confections.  Seth (i hope I got the name right) answered the phone near closing time and politly let me know that their delivery person had left for the day.  When I explained whaat I was looking for Seth offered to personally walk my order to the hotel on his way home!  My relatives were so surprised and loved the treats.  Thank you, Seth!!I usually pop in here after getting some goodies at the Farmer's Market on Saturdays. The coffee is good but not amazing, the sweets - while a bit pricey - are incredible (red velvet cupcakes, anyone?) and they also have someone making fresh waffles in the morning. 
The staff is always pleasant and the atmosphere is nice enough, but despite living nearby, I wouldn't make this my go-to for a coffee shop or treats. I tend to prefer Eucre on Magazine to satisfy my occasional sweet-tooth.Great quality chocolates, unique flavor combinationsThree stars because they did not have decaf coffee and a very small selection of only two kinds of bagels when I went today. Also, the employees were a little eccentric which I normally like but the girl that helped me was the "cool" type and not very helpful. That being said, my everything bagel with an egg was excellent, and this coming from someone used to Northeast bagels. In addition, the store was bright, clean, and colorful with numerous tables to sit at and enjoy the view by the big glass window. I appreciated the portion sizes, too. My bagel was the standard bagel size, not a huge one, and the cupcakes were the standard size and not the modern day extra large ones, which were just the right amounts of a good thing. Overall, the pastries all looked beautiful and delicious and the experience was a good one - it has potential for five stars if they just fix a few minor things!Exceptionally delicious food, good portions, friendly staff, good service, great atmosphere and location. I had the turkey Brie on focaccia and took 1/2 home. My husband had the black bean soup which was equally delicious and hearty with beef in it.We ordered a cake from here again for our daughter's 8th birthday Nov 2016. It was HUGE compared to the Nola themed one on my birthday, and came with the matching price tag, but we weren't sure how many family members were meeting us so I told them 6-8 people. Because the Nola themed cake was sooo shockingly beautiful, we had super high expectations for this one. When it was delivered my husband was a bit disappointed that it didn't quite come off as a $220 priced cake. They told me to send pictures of ideas I liked, I had a very hard time coming up with any direction of ideas, I sent them pictures both of cakes and ideas, pictures and descriptions of my daughter, it looked sort of like one of the cakes I sent, I had wanted/expected them to take their creativity and run with it a bit more, but my daughter absolutely loved it, it tasted wonderful, and that's the main thing! We will still use Bittersweet for future needs, I'll just be a bit more clear on my expectations, creativities and ideas/wants/needs!This place has great food, drinks, and dessert. The ingredients are fresh and the recipes creative. The chef came out and even gave us suggestions for the rest of our stay in New Orleans. Such a nice time and sweet ambience to take a break from the craziness of partying in the Big Easy.This was an elegant, intimate litttle bakery. They offered a large selection of cupcakes, truffles, and petite fours.  They also has a small selection of gelatos.  The baked items were absolutely delicious. The petite fours were mouth watering. The gelato texture was a bit off. The staff was very polite. The prices were right on par with other bakeries. Another great place to get away from the hustle and bustle and get lost in a book. I highly recommend this bakery.Great little shop, not always the fastest service when visiting on Saturday mornings (when the Crescent City Farmers Market is across the street) but everything is excellent.  And if it's Mardi Gras season they have some of the best King Cakes in town.  Plus just about every other pastry in the shop.  Which are all incredibly healthy and consistent with your diet needs.  Yeah, that's the ticket...Was in New Orleans for vacation and walked in to try a cupcake and some coffee. It wasn't busy, there was 3 other people inside sitting at tables. I didn't get the girls name but one was rude and looked mad to be there and the other was friendly. I tried a cupcake and the frosting wasn't the best which is okay because the cake part of it was good. The coffee was really good and my mom ordered some truffles. I like trying cupcakes and sweets everywhere I go but the frosting and grumpy lady was 3 stars for me.Great cake, as I love cakes with lots of icing sugar, and their cakes certainly meet my needs here. My soy latte was served warm, and the barista was not happy when I asked her for a hot coffee.I cannot say enough good things about Cheryl and Bittersweet Confections. I ordered 3 dozen cupcakes for my daughter's 21st birthday as a surprise to be delivered to a local restaurant. Not only did Cheryl handle everything for me including the delivery AND changing the date 4 times - but the cupcakes were a HUGE hit at my daughter's dinner party. They loved them!! Great service, great cupcakes - just the best!! Thank you so much!Very good coffee shop with lots of sweets and pastries. Has breakfast/brunch menu as well. If you want a break from the chain coffee shop, this is the place to be.This place has tasty treats prettily decorated. Great for a quick stop for a coffee and dessert. I've particularly enjoyed the petite fours on both of my visits!Not sure who owns the place ... But you better get the two cussing stoners who kept being to sidetracked to let me pay for my order off the counter... Left with nothingA tony storefront for a true confectioner. Coffee and espresso drinks. Baked goods. A huge cast of chocolates. Awards from the Knot for wedding cakes. 
A good spot for a cup of coffee and a bun.4 for the food but 3 for service. We stopped in after the glass blowing store for a drink. A smile would be have been nice instead of scowls from the girl and guy working the counter. Even though they didn't offer to heat up the chocolate croissants they were still good. They coffee is too hot to enjoy (American coffee is always too hot unlike Italy were it's drinkable immediately)  Cute place if you can find the door.Overpriced cupcakes. $4 a pop. I had the chocolate cupcake with mint buttercream icing, filled with dark chocolate ganacheGreat place for coffee, teas, and lots of great confections.  Truffles, cakes, cupcakes (awesome cupcakes).  Lattes, Italian sodas, flavored iced teas, (try the black iced teas).
Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly, and service is prompt. Check out their website for a full menu.I was in New Orleans for the National Lutheran Youth Gathering, we had a tight schedule on leaving and Cheryl worked with us to set up and deliver boxed lunches to our hotel.  The sandwiches were delicious, especially the Chicken Salad, and the included sweets and fruit helped get us through the rest of the day.  I highly recommending seeking our this shop for any special events/needs, plus just visiting her and her super friendly staff.  Big Thumbs up!!!!I was at Magazine Street and the art studios didn't interest me. It was raining and I decided that desserts would make my day slightly less depressing. To a certain extent, Bittersweet made it better. The iced mocha was delicious and so were the dark chocolate truffles. The earl grey truffles are worth pointing out as the slight hint of earl grey made it pretty unique.Just happened to come across this jewel of confections and bakery goods at lunchtime. What a great experience.
Handmade chocolates, truffles, King cakes, cupcakes and filled cupcakes, and much more. I had a cinnamon roll and the frosting was to die for. Pricing was reasonable, especially for the quality of their tender lovely confections. Service was friendly and helpful. I will return.
On a par with the "Chocolate Truffle" in Pt. Loma, CA.Amazing cakes and pastries! Amazingly sweet staff, that are so helpful! Very worth it! 
(Will only agree with below comment that the frosting on some of the cupcakes can be too sugary)Okay dessert shop, decent salted caramel and peanut butter cup. Nothing out of the ordinary especially by my sweet-tooth-guru standards.
As for the truffles, I did not enjoy the mystery sugar-mix paste inside of the indian chai.Not much to say. I ordered a cappuccino and it was wonderful.   If you just want coffee, you will need will power to get past all the tempting baked goods.  Good luck.amazing cupcakes and case full of goodies. i would try one of everything if i lived here. but only on vacation. a 5-10 minute walk on magazine street from canal st . where the big box hotels are at.I ordered some desserts, cappuccino and their Big Easy breakfast.
The Flavorless chocolate cake was fresh and not so sweet as expected for a chocolate cake. Very delicious!
They can prepare eggs any style, so feel free to ask. 
Pro:
- great desserts,
- not too loud and great for kids,
- nice interior 
- street parking outside 
- friendly baristas
Contra:
- a little bit expensive 
- a couple tables were dirtyOne of the first bakeries I visited after moving to New Orleans, I still count this as one of my favorite sweet spots in town.  They have amazing cupcakes and cookies (especially the confetti/sprinkle) ones.Croque Madame, Ham & Cheese quiche, Key Lime tart. Food was fresh, good, and very flavorful.Great local Bakery! Super cute, super friendly,and most importantly delicious! I had the rosemary bagel with vegetable cream cheese and my boyfriend had the breakfast bowl. Yummy!I came in here on a Friday morning; the place is super clean and the displays are lovely. I ended up getting a coffee which was decent, a slice of vegetable quiche, and a petit four. The quiche was flavorful, but a little too dense and the petit four was yummy, but I couldn't finish it because it was too sweet. The staff was friendly, but the service was a little slow/disorganized (I stood in line to pay for a while before being helped). They do have plenty of tables and it's a overall a nice place to sit and sip on some coffee.I'm in NOLA for a business conference, where I get to see friends from all over the country that I only get to see once a year.  To celebrate, it's my tradition to throw a big party-- and this year it happens to be the case that TWO of my friends are having their birthday this weekend!  So, I hit yelp to find a place near my hotel to buy a crazy amount of cupcakes for the party.  Bittersweet is nearby, so I promptly head over and buy literally every cupcake they have in the store.  They were soooooooooooo nice and helpful, even though I was crazily buying all their baked goods for a party.  Loved them!There's nothing really special about this bakery. Great artistry! But bakery smelled like mold and cleaning supplies.This review is long over due.  I bought my wife to NO to celebrate her 30th birthday. Researching Yelp I found Bittersweet to possibly order a cake.  I am from Washington DC so this was a complete shot in the dark and prayer that this would be an easy process. Well my prayers were answered.
 I emailed in and received a call back the next day regarding my order, what kind of cake, color of icing, size and payment. What relaxed me was that I only had to pay a deposit upon ordering of the cake and the rest upon arrival. We handled everything within one call no messy back and forth. I thought the price was very fair for what I ordered and the time frame ( about 6 weeks). 
When I arrived I had a warm welcome from the staff. They went to back and retrieved my Wife's bday cake and I was amazed at the beauty of it. The cake looked better than my wedding cake lol at 1/3 the cost.
Bottom line the most important thing, the cake was DELICIOUS!!!! 
When ever I return to New Orleans I will make a stop at BittersweetThis place is so overly priced with a lack of urgency. It took them 10 minutes to make my cappuccino with no one in the place. $3 for 2 pieces of bacon?! What an outrage! The boys were sweet which can be my only good compliment of this place.Totally worth the hype. I love their amazing dessert selection and certainly an amazing cappuccino!!! Would definitely come back!Wedding cake was absolutely stunning and delicious. This cake was in everybody's pictures!  Thank you, Cheryl. Dream come true for me.I'm really writing about the beverages. I came here because PJ's makes a nasty mocha (and even mangled a hot chocolate!) and I wanted to see how a chocolate confection place did with a mocha. I'm happy to say that it was very good. I get hot chocolate here fairly regularly (and love it when they put homemade marshmallows in it).
I've sampled the candies and the samples have been good. However - and it's kind of a big one - the sweets seem really expensive. I understand gourmet chocolate, but I cannot understand how any brownie is worth $5. I tried a $3 cookie and was extremely underwhelmed and regretted spending that kind of money on an average at best cookie (PJ's has them beat on this one little thing!).
So I'll stick with my beverages and if I feel the need to buy chocolates as a gift will probably give a little $$ to Sucre's competition (which is very close to where I live). But as far as getting a snack once in a while, I can't justify $3 for a regular cookie.
I also want to add that the staff is very pleasant. It's a nice, sweet store and I hope they make it work.I loved the warm atmosphere and how nice the employees were. We had an arrangement of things listing from cupcakes to gelato. It looked very French and vintage which I especially loved. It had beautiful art work around it and very pretty decorations. I loved the soft music it played and the the vintage chairs and tables. Overall, I loved the food and the place.Nice quick ice coffees etc. they make their own specialty cakes, cupcakes etc which look pretty amazing.We walked by this shop by chance after visiting the Confederate Memorial Hall and the World War II Museum.  We ordered the few remaining cupcakes they had left that afternoon:  a wedding cake cupcake (almond) and a chocolate ganache.  We also got some brownies, a petit four, some pumpkin bread and a real lemonade.  Everything was delicious!  We realized that at least one couple was in there deciding on their wedding cake - a great sign that this is a delicious bakery.  The staff members were helpful and friendly.- Old dried up brownie, that had to be returned and refunded. 
- Lilliputian (minuscule) portions of ice cream, so small that made me laugh. Come on Bittersweet, go to Brocato's or Creole Creamery and see the portions and pricing.By far the best cupcake I've ever had. Real buttercream and a lot of icing.  A splurge but worth every bite. The hardest part is deciding which flavor to get!I think they serve small portions, because they know their food is not...nice food. The coffee they serve, they should call it something else- meaning its is not coffee . To be honest we did not try sweets, maybe their sweet are so good, to justify the overpricing of one filthy croissant, untasty sausage etc etc. 6 dollars croissant sandwich is same like a mac morning, small sized, the same egg and sausage, piece of plastic cheese. It is better to order a room service at the hotel, which will includes bread baskets and coffee, fresh orange juice since we paid 18.5 dollars for two bread and two cups of coffee. The music, the atmosphere, the people, everything is so nice..if they only could serve nice food and drinkable coffee.Cupcakes not moist . icing is great but not worth the price. The cupcake tastes stale very disappointing since we ate them the same day. The pecan pie was good. Feeling jipped that the cupcakes and macaroons were stale and not as fresh as it could have been.Best espresso coffee in new orleans and if you are from New Zealand and take your coffee seriously like I do then you will understand this was a find. Luscious almond coissant and a slice of pumpkin bread aced our order.Came here for a quick business outing. When I walked in I was completely in love, it is seriously one of the cutest little bakery/coffee shops I have seen. They have chandeliers and little bistro chairs and tables, I really enjoyed the atmosphere. I ordered just a coffee with soy and sat down for a bit. There is ample seating if you want to come in here and just chill out, they also offer wifi so I will definitely be back just to chill out.
While waiting I kept on eyeing the cupcakes, their dessert case is something to marvel at. They have so many options but I am a cake girl so I locked my sights on those cupcakes and knew I had to have one. After my meeting I had the wait staff run over the flavors and I chose a wedding cake, and red velvet cupcakes. I only had a few minutes on my meter so I took them to go. 
When I got home I ate my wedding cupcake, which was absolutely beautiful might I add. It was delicious. It took me an hour to eat it because it was so sweet and I wanted to savor it. I have yet to try the red velvet yet but I'm sure it will be just as good.
I would definitely recommend this cute little shop!Red velvet cupcake was perfect!! Not too cheesy....very light and fluffy. 
The croissant was a little stale. 
Coffee delish! 
If you like almond flavor, get the almond cupcake. Very different.This place was a great little find for brunch. My husband and I were walking towards the WWII museum and wanted a quick bite. The staff was amazing to interact with and made some great recommendations. The chef makes a fantastic grits and buttermilk biscuit. These items just melted in your mouth. The grits was one the best ones I ever had! If we you ever visit New Orleans, you have to come here for brunch. Fresh squeezed juice and great food is always a great start to the day.We ordered our wedding cakes and a few other desserts from Bittersweet and they were impeccable. Our wedding coordinator recommended them and after our tasting we knew we didn't need to look elsewhere. Their buttercream frosting is out of this world delicious!
We had a destination wedding in NOLA and working with them long-distance was easy. We had 1 in-person meeting for tasting and contract details. Everything else was done by email. They arrived on time at our venue with everything exactly as-ordered. 
1 chocolate/vanilla cake, 2 small almond cakes, plus assorted caramels, whoopie pies and macarons.  AMAZING!!Un believable! I was on a quest to find the best fancy cupcakes in town for my birthday celebration and boy were these on point! We had gone to a Farmers Market Moonlight Event right next door to this place a few weeks ago and it made us take notice. I ordered 2 dozen cupcakes from the premium cupcake selection. These cupcakes were  most delicious tasting and beautifully prepared. The cake portion of the cupcake was extremely delicate and tasty, no tunneling from over mixing, just right! Just got comparison sake, I bought a few cupcakes from Rouses bakery case and there was no comparison. The premium cupcakes are $4 a piece so they aren't cheap, but worth every bit and penny!A new place in town for the sweet tooth fanatic!  Everything is absolutely delicious!  I haven't tried all they have to offer, but I've tried plenty of treats in there to feel pretty confident that I will not be disappointed in anything.
They are a bit pricey though, but I get it.  Truffles, cakes, cupcakes, caramels, pastries.....all made in-house.  I'll pay a little extra for that!  The staff is great; friendly, prompt and smiling.  I can't wait to try the waffles on Saturdays!!
Located downtown in the Warehouse District, they are convenient to a plethora of hotels, businesses, and museums/art galleries.  If you're feeling up for dessert, an afternoon treat, or even a cup of joe, pay them a visit.Just a delicious brunch in this charming cafe. Croissant French Toast, Toast with Brie, Strawberries with balsamic reduction. Service was very friendly. A relaxing environment with a delightful brunch.We were visiting the area, and needed an afternoon pick me up. We stopped in and this place is quaint, and the food and drinks heavenly delicious. The owner was sweet and friendly. I had the iced latte, and a red velvet cupcake, it was moist, not overly sweet and the cream cheese frosting was perfect, not too sweet, perfectly balanced. My girlfriend has the chocolate chip cookie, her complaint was not enough chips, but she really likes chocolate. We ventured there another day and had the chocolate overload cupcakes, another perfectly balanced sweet, and again the iced lattes which were yummy and refreshing.
I will plan on visiting , if I am ever in this area again.Best King Cake we've ever had!  They even boxed it up for me so I could easily take it home on the plane with me.  Now, we are so spoiled!  I'll have to return to NOLA each Mardi Gras to get King Cake from Bittersweet Confections - I don't want it from anywhere else!Tried a regular coffee, a lemon bar, a couple different truffles (made in house) and a peanut butter/chocolate bar. Everything was delicious! Nice little out of the way spot in NOLA! Smells like heaven!This is my favorite place to grab a morning latte or tea! Their pastries are BEAUTIFUL and taste as good as they look. Atmosphere is cute, extremely inviting, and in a pleasant neighborhood.Traveling back through New Orleans, I had to come back here. I literally walked 2 miles in the hot sun (OK so it was "only" 87 degrees, which I guess isn't that big of a deal around here!) just to get another chocolate peanut butter cupcake. After my first visit here I attempted to recreate it at home, but comparatively my version was laughable!  I also picked up two other cupcake flavors -  wedding cake and bananas foster. The wedding cake was surprisingly light and fluffy  in texture and had amaretto flavor. Bonus: they dust the top with edible glitter so it sparkles!  The bananas foster had a heavy, almost banana bread cake, filled with banana cream and topped with the cinnamon-y "foster" frosting. While peanut butter is still my hands down favorite, I have started dreaming about the amazing texture of the wedding cake...
I will come back here every time I come to New Orleans annnd may even need to see if they can ship.Chocolate truffles, cakes and cupcakes. This is what you'll find at the new Bittersweet Confections location in the Central Business District. Originally there on a cake tasting mission, we ended up tasting many of their delicious cupcakes in various flavors: chocolate, red velvet and almond. All were delicious and washed down with a perfect cup of cappuccino. They also offer little chocolate treats to take away neatly packaged in clear plastic with a designated sticker. 
Originally located in Lakeview close to City Park the owners have relocated downtown. Lucky us- their treats are now more accessible for those living on this side of town. 
I hear their truffles are to die for and so I'll have to go back sometime on a truffle tasting mission. Will keep you posted on my discoveries.Pretty quaint bakery with great service. Cupcakes were good! My daughters polished cleaned the apple pie trifle and Italian cream cupcake.Cheated on my diet, so it was definitely "bittersweet". But, it was worth it. Chocolate pecan pie, Raspberry macaroon, and the absolute best... Raspberry/Chocolate cupcake. Aahh!!!The wedding cake cupcake Cupcake (Classic) was a great way to drop $3.85. Might return for the gelato.Incredible addition to our lunch that didn't offer dessert.  The service, drip coffee, and amazing fare of desserts were unsurpassed.  Pleasant gem in all the chaos of construction.The pastry rates 4-stars. The lattes 3-stars. They are not bad -  but to foamy and warm as opposed to hot. They had great looking King Cakes - but you had to order a King Cake the size of my head... I couldn't have out it away - although I considered trying.Coffee, cupcakes, chocolates? I could hang out here all day. My friend from NOLA gave it a thumbs up and said it is usually 50/50 split between locals and tourists. Definitely does not have a touristy feel at all. Super nice people. My husband devoured a piece of quiche with his coffee while I had the healthy option - peanut butter chocolate cup. So many choices ... it was hard to decide.**Disclaimer: I did not actually visit or taste anything from Bittersweet Confections; however, I received impeccable customer service from the owner over the phone when I ordered some birthday treats for a friend, who was pleased with everything she tried.
While searching for sugary treats to order for my friend's birthday (Valentine's Day) two weeks ago, Yelp led me (thankfully!) to Bittersweet Confections. Since I live in NYC and my friend lives in New Orleans, I wanted to select and pay for a variety of sugary treats over the phone for her to pick up. The morning of, I called the shop and spoke with Cheryl, the owner. Cheryl was so friendly, patient, and informative and it was a delight hearing about that day's options and picking out some desserts. Taking note of her recommendations, I ended up choosing petit fours and a small chocolate cake (decorated with red hearts), chocolate covered strawberries, red velvet cupcakes, and salted caramels. I gave my credit card information, chose a pick-up time, and was told the desserts would be wrapped up nicely for my friend. Easy as pie - or cake!
My friend ended up coming by a bit early but fortunately everything was ready for her. When she opened the bag she loved the presentation and said all the treats tasted great - the cupcakes were her favorite.
Based on the wonderful customer service I received (during the hectic week before Mardi Gras) and the "I am in dessert heaven!!!!!" and "everything is AMAZING" texts from my friend a few hours later, I would highly recommend Bittersweet Confections next time you need to order some special sweets. Thank you Cheryl for helping me with this birthday surprise!Very friendly, I was able to get a beautiful small cake with no advanced notice at 7:30am and they wrote a message on the cake at no extra cost. Thanks for your great service and cute shopMy sister & I happened upon this little place in the middle of turning "HANGRY"...so glad we did! I got the breakfast burrito w/sausage, she got the breakfast grits bowl w/bacon...FABULOUS!Incredible food and deserts. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Cheryl makes the most unbelievable cakes that are not only tasty, but beautiful to look at. Her truffles are awesome too!This is a place for GREAT food.  I had experienced way too much fried food and too much noise in the French Quarter.  While walking back to our hotel from the World War II Museum, we passed by Bittersweet, but it was closed.  The next day, I made a point of returning for what was definitely the best cup of coffee I had in 4 days in town as well as an incredibly light pastry.  The following day, my husband and I had delicious quiche and cupcakes.  I don't think they know how to make anything bad!I was in town for a customer training session. We placed 2 large orders on short notice and the staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. Food was amazing and everything was ready to go when we needed it. We will definitely be using them again!I am in LOVE!!!!
Planning a wedding from out of state is a task. I was in town during Mardi Gras and was referred to this bakery after another I we were supposed to use for the wedding cake was excessively rude. 
We arrived in the morning at the bakery planning to buy a few cupcakes to taste the possibilities for the wedding cake and contact them later as Mardi Gras is a crazy time for businesses in the area. I asked the counter associate what flavors we could expect to pick that would be available for a wedding cake. He asked me to hold on for a second and returned with the owner of the bakery. She immediately did an on the spot cake tasting and sat with us to discuss all of the dessert options we were interested in too. I was blown away, during a busy time when they could have just had us buy cupcakes and contact them later. The staff went that extra mile and took the time to make our family feel special. 
The confections were AMAZING! 
I am not a big sweets person, everything we tasted was decadent and delicious. The staff is caring and happy to help every customer, these guys provided the best customer experience I have in quite some time. There were 3 people in line and 2 counter associates; a gentleman was delivering an order and saw a line forming,H he quickly walked to the back and another associate came up to help the 3rd person in line so that there was minimal waiting time. 
I am so pleased as punch about the whole experience I can't dream of using another bakery in the area.
Outrageously delicious and on top of it!
I wish I had more than 5 stars/2 thumbs up to give them.
This is a must for the coffee, cake and mini blueberry cheesecakes.I honestly don't understand how this place has so many stars. My husband and I went one afternoon and had coffee which wasn't great. I had a hot mocha and my husband had a regular coffee. His coffee was cold. We also got 3 different truffles to try and a chocolate cupcake. They were just okay, nothing great. Not a place I would like to come back to.Such a cute spot. Came for breakfast and had great service and delicious food. Love the atmosphere. Uses fettuccini for coffee stirrers; smart and biodegradable!Delicious chocolates and cakes.  Owner served us herself and was just as sweet and friendly.  We will come back when in New Orleans.  One note, she closes at 5:30 rather than 6:00.  She said she will work on updating this on Yelp.This is a cute cupcake boutique type. Our family stopped in for a cupcake while walking in NOLA.  
They have cupcakes and ice cream.  The cupcakes were delicious and a little pricey for us. 
We did have two small kids that just left the children's museum around the corner. 
This was a little to fancy for my family. I doubt we will revisit.The King cake was moist and delicious! Adorable place, clean, friendly and helpful staff. We will be back on our next trip!I stumbled on this great find, which was a couple of blocks from the Embassy Suites Hotel, where I was staying. The selection was very appealing, so it was hard making my choices. The chocolate brownies, lemon cupcakes and petit fours where delectable. The strawberry cupcakes were also delicious, however, the center filling was a downgrade of what appeared to be strawberry jam from a store bought jar (very strange). I normally frequent Laura's Chocolates when visiting New Orleans, however, I have found their quality has greatly diminished the past several years. Bittersweet Confections is my new "go to" place for desserts, while visiting New Orleans. The prices were commensurate with prices of gourmet bakeries in any major city, which I thought were very reasonable for the quality received.This place was delicious!! I had the croque madame and my boyfriend had the huevos rancheros. We both had iced coffees too. The food was amazing, good portions, and really well priced. The bakery is also so cute inside. Definitely will come back here since it was so fabulous.Bittersweet Confections made us the most delicious and beautiful red velvet cake for our elopement dinner! We live in Austin, Texas and Ben who we worked with on our order - was awesome! Ben was super responsive to our emails and provided wonderful recommendations on design and icing choices! This was our first experience with Bittersweet Confections and we can't wait to visit the bakery every time we return to NOLA! They definitely hold a sweet spot in heart.Beautifully done custom cakes - which are as tasty as they look.
The problem with some bakeries which can uncork beautiful Instagram-worthy wedding cakes is that they don't actually taste that good under the thick layer of fondant.  Certainly not the case with Bittersweet.
Ordered a lemon/cream cheese custom cake with a thematic topper; actually dropped by earlier in the week to try the cupcake version of this creation (though with lemon curd, not cream cheese), and was quickly convinced that I'd made the right decision.  The cake itself was aromatic and flavorful; surprisingly, the thin fondant surface was definitely tasty enough to be worth eating. 
Solid communication.  Emails were quickly responded to, even on Christmas, and interpretation of our desired theme was spot-on.
A caveat - if picking up from the store, don't let the cake sit for too long outside of the refrigerator prior to presentation as humidity may cause the fondant to sweat and bulge; doesn't affect the flavor (probably tastes better a bit warmer, but takes a bit away from the presentation).Had the Petit almond cake and peanut butter bar. The almond cake was great but the peanut butter was amazing. Soft and crunchy yumness at the same time. Highly recommendDELICIOUS!  We ordered a sugar overload amount of cupcakes and tarts for our party in New Orleans last month. We live out of town and had never had tasted the good at Bittersweet. They were recommended by our party planner and we couldn't be happier. Everyone kept raving about them -- including me. 
Favorites were the Lemon Drop, Carrot Cake and Salted Caramel. 
mmmI found this bakery online and used them for a friend's birthday celebration in New Orleans. I live in Houston, TX and I had to order the cake over the phone but everything worked out great. I emailed them a picture of a cake I was trying to recreate and I took a chance on the flavor combination I ordered; chocolate cake with almond buttercream icing. 
Let me tell you, it was one of the best cakes I have had in my life. I would even dare to say better than my wedding cake. The chocolate cake was perfectly moist and the almond buttercream was heavenly delicious. Everyone raved about how good the cake was and I was so happy.  
The bakery was easy to find on Magazine street. I could have ordered delivery of the cake but I am glad I went in to the bakery to check it out. I also discovered they have an outpost at St. Roch Market. Lucky for me I was staying around the corner so I was able to enjoy even more of their treats.Best cupcakes I've ever had. Seriously. I've tried Sprinkles, Kara's Cupcakes, Magnolia Bakery, and these are the best. Just absolutely fantastic. The place itself is cute too and would be a lovely place to sit and do work - it's listed as a bakery, but they also have coffee and tea.Based on the baked goods I would rate Bittersweet five stars plus.
 HOwever there are two counter guys who don't make me feel welcome when I go in.
One is standoffish and will find a reason to leave when it's my turn to be served. The other guy just flat out gives me lackadaisical service with an expressionless face. Neither try to sell me nor are they friendly to me. If it were not for the way that they greet other customers (regulars I presume) I would not take it personal. 
everyone else is nice enough.
Side note :  They need to streamline their food service.The peanut butter and chocolate cupcake was wonderful and when I'm back in NOLA, I would go here again.  I also got some salted caramels dipped in chocolate in a package that I ate over the next couple weeks and loved every one of them.  This is a special bakery with quality products.Wonderful! I had the spicy dark chocolate gelato.... YUM! My husband had cookies and cream and a latte. The latte tasted great! A little pricey, but a nice treat.Bittersweet Confections is absolute perfection. The food, the staff, the decor, even the music -  spot on. Do not miss!Really cute and quaint shop in the Business District. Had a yummy croissant and coffee. This was my first stop on my New Orleans trip. If you are in the area, this place is really adorable.Great customer service. The breakfast croissant was delicious and so were the cupcakes. I will visit Bittersweet Confections again when I go back to New Orleans in a couple weeks.I can't remember exactly how my boyfriend-at-the-time and I stumbled upon the wonder that is Bittersweet Confections' chocolate, but I am forever grateful that we did.  
This place is a hidden gem; a local confectioner whose handmade truffles are absolutely incredible.  They come in flavors like Drunken Pear, Ginger, Creme Brulee, Bananas Foster and Sazerac, and even though they're like $3 apiece, they're more than worth it.  
Seriously.  Go check them out.  This will change your life.Fantastic quiche, coffee, and lemon bars!
Yum!
People behind the counter are cool and make you feel at home.
Totally recommend!Hands down my favorite sweet spot in New Orleans! We had the Elvis cupcake, red velvet cupcake and they were full of flavor and moist too! Also enjoyed the quiche of the day (bacon and spinach) - it was good although the crust was a little soggy after being reheated in the microwave.Came here for a quick breakfast. Had the bacon, egg, and cheese croissant. It was perfectly cooked and quite tasty. Also had a coconut cupcake for dessert. Yeah, that's right.  How could I possibly pass up these ethereal confections calling out to me from the display case?  This place is definitely worth visit or three.I love the vibe here, and the proximity to my home is nice too. The prices are a bit high, but I realize that they probably need to be to compete with bigger bakeries.  
It's a nice spot to enjoy a cup of coffee in the afternoon. The sweets are great too.This was the first time I ordered a cake from Bittersweet. The cake was beautiful and tasted even better!!! Cheryl was extremely easy to deal with. 
The cake was exactly what I requested and envisioned. I live in Houston but whenever I need a cake in New Orleans, this is the bakery I will call.The King Cake was AMAZING. We ate a small one between the two of us while sipping hot teas. 
The other cakes looked amazing.Ducked into here on a suggestion from Yelp; so glad I did. Friendly staff, fresh pastries, and a knowledgable barista. Oh, yeah, fair prices too!Yum!  We came across this place on a fluke and I am happy we did.  The oreo cheesecake was the best cheesecake I've had!
We took our items to go, but it has a cute little area where you can sit and eat and relax.
I wish we would have had time to go back and try out even more of their amazing items!We ordered the bittersweet chocolate cake from the main bakery to be delivered to the St. Roch Market branch of the bakery for my husband's 40th birthday. 
This is the most delicious cake we have ever had and the writing on the cake and designs were beautifully done. 
I highly recommend this bakery not only for its superior quality, but also for the ease of ordering and delivery. Thanks so much to the operations manager, Ben, for all of his help in coordinating the creation and delivery of this gorgeous cake!We got the chocolate mousse dome and it was okay. The mousses was a bit difficult to cut, a little on the harder side but the flavor was great.Nice looking store in a good convenient location. I've tasted better sweets at other shops but it's not bad.Very good cupcake with very good service. Nice atmosphere on the inside and had me almost going for seconds if I wasn't so cheap. Would definitely recommend this to anyone.By far one of the best places to order a cake! The price is a bit much for the little decoration I had on my cake, but I guess that accounts for labor as well. The cake I ordered was red velvet with cream cheese buttercream on the inside and vanilla butter cream on the outside. The cake was really soft and moist. The cake thickness was a perfect proportion to balance out the sweetness of the buttercream. My boyfriend really loved his cake and he's not much of a sweets guy! They did really good and the service was excellent! I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a custom cake in New Orleans!I would stick to the confections. They're really very good.  Hence, the three stars. We ordered a carrot cake for my birthday and it wasn't very good.  The icing was too sweet. The cake was dry and really dense. This is one of my favorite cakes and is easy to make. This was a pretty cake but the worst version I've had anywhere. They need a completely different formula.We were just walking and wandered into here for a light breakfast. They had such delectable treats, cakes, croissants, quiche and breakfast sandwiches - homemade and delicious. Definitely worth checking out.Absolutely delicious breakfast - very original. We ordered toasts with avocado and prosciutto
Good prices Fast service and very clean nice placeLove the atmosphere here.  Fresh food, fresh squeezed fruit juices and very good bagel and loxMy aunt and I stopped by on our way out from WW2 museum. Decent selection of deserts. We had coffee and shared some deserts (mini cheesecake, redvelvet cupcake and mini pecan pie) we liked the cupcake the most then the pie. The cheesecake wasn't that good. What we didn't like was the staff. Not very friendly or welcoming we felt that for some reason they wanted us to grab our stuff to go  instead of sit in and even after we repeatedly said we were staying in they grabbed paper cups to fill our coffee and I had to remind her it wasn't to go. Btw it wasn't crowded just two tables were used. The 3 stars are all on food and decor which was cute, but to me a coffee shop wins me over by a welcoming atmosphere.Had a chocolate cupcake and lemon bars. I did not like the crust on the lemon bars. Neither was worth the price imo. The atmosphere was nice and so was the staff. Overall it was an ok experience.Need a little treat on your way to Magazine street shopping? Swing by this locally owned and operated sweet shop and try the homemade gelato. We had the cappucinno and strawberry and were not disappointed.Hands down THE BEST. super awesome sweets as well as a great atmosphere. The staff was helpful and very nice  wish there was a place just like this in my hometownGreat food.  Chef made me breakfast outside of breakfast hours.  Everything made in house.
Terrific breads.   All good personalized service.I thought this place was pretty good - I had the Petit Fleurs and a Brownie - they were good...
There are several items to choose from so I'd suggest looking through the reviews and finding out what people find amazing and ordering those items.Was visiting NOLA for the weekend and happened to come across this shop through yelp. Very cute little bakery and their gelato is simply amazing!I met Mrs. Cheryl and her awesome family out driving. That's when she told me all about her 2 places. She was so friendly and genuine I had to stop in.
The decor is shabby chic. It's bright and airy. Gives a happy, relaxed feeling. Oh & yes it has room for dining. Her staff was very friendly, upbeat, and efficient. Honestly I didn't expect anything less. They answered all my questions with a smile.
So I decided to keep it simple, I wasn't really hungry so I ordered the Mocha bittersweet coffee and a red velvet cupcake. The coffee was just right. Didn't need any sugar but, of course I added a tad. Lol
Now for the main event!!! The cupcake!!! Lol Very fresh, even the frosting made in house. The frosting had that nice suttle hint of cream cheese and the cake itself was just omg! So moist, just melts in the mouth. Even the heart was good y'all! Lol
Glad I met Mrs. Cheryl and gave this place a shot! I'll definitely be stopping back in try out their menu, and another cupcake!I needed a specialty cake for my granddaughter at Tulane.  I wanted a slytherin (Harry Potter ) cake and it needed to be delivered because I am out of state.  Bittersweet Confections and Cheryl were extremely helpful and created a beautiful cake.  My granddaughter was very excited and she and her friends said it was wonderful.  I would highly recommend this bakery and hope to visit in person if I ever get to New OrleansSome of the cupcakes are okay.  One was stale and the frosting was too dense and thick.This place. Man. LIFE SAVER. Honestly, I walked in in crisis mode. The girls greeted me with the upmost attention, and care. Their service was exceptional. They were even able to tweak the cake super fast and it was just fantastic. I ran in here on a whim and left out with a dream. I am extremely thankful. Besides the awesome service, what 'iced the cake' (no pun intended) was finally getting to have a slice. The anticipation was palpable. Lol Please believe me, as a connoisseur of cake, this cake was in my top 3 cakes I have ever eaten... and the other categories are cheesecake and bundt cake lol. Go here. You will not regret it.Wonderful bakery. Good muffins and cake to enjoy with your coffee. While watching the city.Really yummy! Had the salted Carmel cupcake, which was amazing! We also had the Earl Gray truffle and the Bananas Foster truffle. The Earl Gray truffle had a subtle tea taste, the bananas foster truffle was delicious!This place is awesome, incredible service and Chef Rolita is amazing, the food is fantastic and service was as well.  We will be back every time we come to visit the city !!We were walking thru and decided to have a hot beverage. The shop was warm, friendly, and had a great selection. Service was awesome. Would love to come back when in the area again.I loved the whole vibe of this place. We came here to have afternoon coffee and I ended up with a cupcake and glass of Cava. The cupcake was delicious and I loved how friendly the owners were. They were bringing out cakes for clients as we ate there and it looked like it was a pretty popular choice in town!Really nice young women served us - totally sweet and customer oriented.  The frosting on the cupcakes was too heavy and sweet to eat but we would definitely go back to try other treats due to the friendly kindness of the people working there - thank you!The bittersweet team baked our wedding cake and it was absolutely FANTASTIC! Three tiers with an amazing cake stand. And it tasted better then it looked! Highly recommend them.I spotted Bittersweet on our way to the National WWII museum and knew I had to stop on my way back.  It is a very attractive shop on a street with nothing going on.
As I said, we stopped on our walk back and found the selection of goodies to be extensive and hard to decide on what to choose; they all looked yummy.  In the end we ordered to go the Turtle Brownie and the Aztec confection.  Three of us shared them for dessert a couple of hours later.  We found the Turtle Brownie just ordinary, but the Aztec confection was very good.  The contrast of the sweet and spicy flavors was well done indeed.Chose them for our wedding cake, but they recommended food for the day of the wedding which helped me out so so much.  Then, I sent over party favors and they stuffed them with the pralines.  110% recommend them to anyone.  They made a stressful time not so stressful.  Truly grateful.Lemon bars were tasty. A bit pricy. Nice ambience and service was decent. They ask for tip on iPadWe ate here 2 times while on vacation. Ok three of you count a dessert visit. All of our meals were excellent, great coffee. The desserts were incredible petifours. The staff were nice each time. The prosciutto toast was excellent so was the biscuit sandwich.We walked by this cute place after lunch at Cochon. I was instantly attracted by the decorations. The owner is very nice and friendly. I got a few truffles to go and she took her time to box them and make it all pretty. I really enjoyed the raspberry truffle with raspberry powder and also the earl grey one. I got to try a bite of a filled cupcake and it was pretty good. Not the best I have ever had but not bad. It's a little too sweet to my taste.I ordered a chocolate cake for my Son's birthday and asked that it be decorated with a musical theme (he's a musician).  My son said it was the best chocolate cake he ever had, and that the decorations were "awesome"   He and his friends really enjoyed it.  I wish they delivered, but that wasn't a dealbreaker since I enlisted a friend to pick it up for him.From out of town looking for something sweet. Had red velvet cupcake, salted Carmel cupcake, chocolate eclair and banana fosters eclair . Cupcakes were pretty good but wasn't a big fan of the eclairs. Also thought the prices were a little steep for the size of the items, but  sure it's probably a high rent district. Vet nice a clean inside and friendly staffLemon drop cupcake. The stuff dreams are made of. 
I go out of my way every time I'm in town to stop in and buy all the lemon drops they have in their case. And I hide them in the freezer from my kids when I get home.**I ended up using a different bakery, so this is only a partial review. However, my experience with Bittersweet was so upsetting to me as a bride that I feel compelled to share it.** 
I planned a destination wedding, and made the mistake of first trying to use Haydel's for my Sunday wedding. They won't deliver on a Sunday, and the logistics of having someone else deliver was too stressful. I spoke to someone who highly recommended Bittersweet and told me to ask for Cheryl, the owner. 
I called, and despite asking to speak to Cheryl was put through to Ben, who assured me that they were available for that date and could accommodate a Sunday delivery. I initially really liked Ben, and we talked for almost a half hour about the cake I wanted. He told me to email him with photos of cakes I had seen that I liked. I did, and there was no response. I emailed again two days later and no response. I called two days later and asked for Cheryl, but was again put through to Ben, who told me he had been out sick but had just seen my email and would get back to me ASAP. Four more days passed and I emailed again; no response. I called again two days after that and said I was getting very anxious and really wanted to place an order. Ben was really curt and said that they were super busy, that that weekend was now full, and that he would have to "speak to [his] boss" to see whether they could accommodate me. I was very upset and said that I had thought we were working together and therefore had not contacted any other bakeries. He said that he would let me know one way or the other no later than the next day. Not surprisingly, he neither called nor emailed. 
I called again two days later and asked to speak to Cheryl. When asked what it was regarding, I said "a problem with an employee"--it was the only way I knew I would not be redirected to Ben again! Cheryl was REALLY nice, and she apologized and sounded very sincere. She tried to make amends, and we talked about what I wanted. However, I just could not shake the sour taste in my mouth that had developed over weeks of being strung along by Ben and the bad attitude at the end. I ultimately decided to go with another local bakery. 
I cannot say anything about the cake itself, and I feel pretty certain that it would have been great had I worked with them. But as a bride who was trying my best to deal with vendors from afar, I would not recommend Bittersweet. It was by far one of my biggest wedding planning headaches.Awesome find.  Biscuits and gravy and Gouda grits were some of the best I've had. Will be back!Such a cute place! I could spend hours sipping coffee or tea here. The couple things we ordered were yummy and the staff were very nice. They have everything your sweet tooth desires plus amazing looking cakes. If you are ever in the area,I highly suggest stopping in.Caramel macchiato dome is outstanding. We had it with a wonderful cappuccino. A great place for some dessert and coffee.Our wedding cake and cupcakes turned out PERFECTLY! Everyone we interacted with was very kind & helpful each time. They also have really good coffeeOmg the cupcakes were bomb & Amari one of the servers very knowledgeable in regards to the pastries she help me select the wedding cake flavor cupcake which was very delicious! Amari had a positive attitude and wonderful personality! I will be back soon for the strawberry flavor.I have been meaning to review! I love this place! They are very accommodating, I was supposed to order a cake a few weeks back but of course I procrastinated and ended up calling last minute and asking if it was possible. Of course they ended up making it and It was perfect. I also ordered several King Cakes for my friends back home in California, they all raved about them. I will definitely continue buying their delicious treats.Went here today for my final cake tasting, and so glad I threw this place in at the last minute. I had gone to three other tastings (La Louisiane, Royal Cakery: DO NOT GO HERE, and Pure Cake). All of them pale in comparison to this place. The guy who handled our tasting, Ben was super friendly and engaging. He brought out 3 different flavored cupcakes with 4 flavors of icings. I was a little hesitant at first since he brought cupcakes, but they were moist and fresh and amazing. The almond icing and cake were my favorite, and both sparkly (think sucre). Can't wait to try my wedding cake. Thanks for the great experience. 5 starts all around!! Thanks Ben!One of my favorite stops in Nola!!!
Awesome chocolate truffles: the raspberry was the best! Salted caramel did not have any saltiness? But still yummy. 
Great capuccino, and a friendly barrista. We will look forward to the next visit :)The fantastic smell when you walk in the door is wonderful, they have a good selection of cakes, cupcakes and many others. I always try the red velvet cupcakes and i wasn't disappointed. The only really issue is portion and the door can be overlooked or missed.Nice little find by the WWII museum, great breakfast and pastries.  Fast, friendly, and tasty!Do Not Miss Bittersweet
I always try to go visit a local chocolatier when traveling and so I noted the great reviews that Bittersweet had and made a dash to it when I had a chance. What a pleasant change from the candy stores in the French Quarter all selling the same items. I picked up a coconut macaroons, nutty bark, hot chocolate, and a slice of banana nut bread. All were delicious. Staff were super nice and if I had had more time in New Orleans I would have returned to try the lovely confections. Definitely don't miss stopping in and treating yourself at this local gem.Adorable little cafe!  Great coffee, lattes, hot chocolate and mochas!  Confections look delicious but I held myself back. Pleasant staff. Very clean. Hope to visit again when in NOLA!If you are in NOLA and in need of a sweet escape or like us, looking to impress and needing exceptional goodies for special people in your life - THIS IS THE PLACE!! The staff was incredibly helpful - the attention to detail phenomenal.  We highly recommend the boxed truffles and bags of chocolate bark - AMAZING! Bittersweet Confections will not disappoint!This was the best experience. I organized a Birthday celebration in New Orleans where family came in from all over(Maryland to Santa Barbara). I ordered the birthday cake from Bittersweet with delivery to our dinner reservations. The cake was delivered way before our reservation. The cake was delicious and the talk of the celebration. Anytime I'm in New Orleans and need any deserts I will be calling on Bittersweet Confections for the celebration.Such a cute atmosphere! I loved the design inside. Lots of pastries, truffles, and muffins to choose from but I know they are also known for their wedding cakes. Good variety of beverages too. I had a blueberry muffin which was tasty (with an extra brown sugar crumble on top). While my friend and I were talking we were offered a free slice of zucchini bread, which was delicious! Would definitely return!Whoa just based on scone alone. Might be best scone ive ever had (and in nyc had a lot ) . Not dry like most. Put a little jam on it. Pleasant interior, friendly staff. I cant speak to other foods thoI used their services to create a clueless cake for my spouse. The results were astounding and the taste was great. They took my vision and made it real. Everyone enjoyed the results. Great job will use them again! Very nice staff!