Pizza was delicious had the meat eaters pizza. The pizza was perfectly proportioned and filled me up and I had to take the rest to go. I will definitely try and persuade the franchise owner to let me open my own blaze pizza in Biloxi, MS. I can imagine I would do a lot of business. God willing....This place is pretty amazing with a novel idea. The pizza is great, the choices are vast. 
Only suggestion: clean the walls, they are covered in dust and lint (look up)Fantastic restaurant concept. Good cheap food fast. Fresh, better than average ingredients. Indie background music. No complaints. 
This type of pizza is better when consumed immediately. Take out degrades rapidly.Really great made to order pizza, like a Chipotle for pizza! I had the alligator sausage with pepperoni, onions, mushrooms and jalapeños on mine and it was delicious! Great beer and smores pie too (use the Yelp offer for the smores pie)! Some issues with charging for this free pie but otherwise great service too!The people there were super nice. Pizza came out really fast. They have like 40 different toppings to chose from. Pizza was above average.I first want to start off with the fact of how much I love Blaze Pizza. I've been here mmmmm about ten times. Well not this exact location, but nevertheless to Blaze Pizza. Tonight's occasion was Friday pizza night with the kids. What made it even more fantastic was the buy one get one free coupon I retrieved from Facebook. I ended up seeing a friend here who also had the coupon. Before I ordered our food I made sure to ask the cashier, Amanda, if it was buy one get one free for all pizzas or per order. She stated for all pizzas. I went ahead and ordered and added my friends order to ours, just to be nice. Once it was time to check out, the same cashier then said no, you can only have one per order. I purposely ordered four pizzas based one what she told me. I was of course puzzled and frustrated. She then turned to who she called the "general manager" and said I can only do one right and he said yes without even looking into what was going on. I tried to get his attention but he ignored me. He was a little busy I will add but when something is happening, tend to it. I told her ma'am I only did it this way because of what you told me but of course she acted oblivious. Totally upset me but I decided to just leave with the bill we were given. I was really upset not because of what happened but because of how it was handled. Rudely and unprofessional!Hoe excited was i to find a gluten free vegan pizza (up charge) option.
Staff was super accommodating and courteous.
When ordering gluten free it is common to be asked Allergy or Preferance. But when i get down the line to add my toppings they actually switched gloves to prevent cross contamination which I have never seen before. So thought full :)
The price is pretty good for a personal pizza in this area. 
The crusts are my favorite and are thin and nicely cooked. 
Lots of choices for toppings :)Very friendly and accommodating staff.  The crust has no flavor, no crunch and is almost burnt on the bottom.  In fact it's burnt around the edges which leaves a charcoal taste in your mouth.  The toppings are just okay and the spicy sauce is too spicy as it's all you can taste on the pizza.  This pizza has so little flavor other than the spicy sauce.  I wanted to like this new plaze as the price is so affordable but I'll just get a pizza at Rouse's across the street.Wicked fast! Pizza from order to eating was seriously 7 minutes! Prices aren't bad either. About $8 for a do it yourself, unlimited toppings. The pizza is decent, customizable so you can make it to your taste. The crust is plain, no seasonings. But it's nice and light. Sauce is very mild. They go very, very! light on the toppings so I found I had to request extra of nearly everything. Over all I think it's a great quick bit, works well for travel with a small person who eats only when he wants, what he wants. I'd go back!Wish we had a Blaze in Miami, Florida! After searching on Yelp for gluten free restaurants in the area, I stumbled upon Blaze. The concept of this pizza joint is similar to Chipotle. You start off by selecting your dough and YES they have gluten free dough. There is a huge variety of toppings to chose from all very fresh and delicious. The oven they make you pizza is is quick and gives it amazing taste. I am from New York and though I had tried the best pizza in the world, well now I have. Staff was friendly and the pizza was done in no time. I love it so much I would even consider buying a franchise and take it to Miami!! You will not regret going to BlazeBuild your own PLEASE!
My BUILD:
First things first: request Garlic Pesto Crust 
Sauce: Old fashion red sauce
Meats: Pepperoni, bacon, chicken, sausage, meatball
Veggies: Jalapeno, spinach, tomato, sweet peppers
Finishing touch: Sea salt and oregano
Above are the ingredients for the perfect pizza that I get biweekly. 
Coupons are always available online somewhere. If not, just go the register first to see if there is a free salad card up there.
It gets busy around lunch time usually a 20 min wait, but it's totally worth it. My mouth is dripping writing this review. 
Gluten free dough or thin crust is available
I LOVE PIZZA!I really love this place. It's super fast, I love that I can go in and order my toppings right there and let them know if I want more of this or less of that.  The staff is great, they always greet me in a friendly manner. My pizza typically costs about 7.50, yes you read that right! And it's very tasty. They also have the best ranch dressing ever. Give this place a try!Arrived at 9:22pm to a sign that read "closed early...sorry management" during all star weekend/mardi gras! Terrible! An employee came to the door and said "we ran out of dough and we didn't make anymore." Smh...so if you plan on going here, please call ahead!There is no way I can express how blessed we feel for having these folks in our area. The staff are the most caring, the most polite and the most helpful staff I've seen around (not saying other businesses around are mediocre or anything but these guys are exceptional and have set a new standard). Drika is so kind and so polite that she is definitely a motivation for me to step in the restaurant  (I always hope she is there and thankfully she has always been there with her sweet smile and welcoming words). Other guy who is extremely nice is Mourissio  (spelling? !) And then there is another black guy extremely nice polite and jolly :) thanks for the management for their hiring as this is a rather new business.Excellent pizza...love the fact that you can add additional items to your pizza if you wish. Staff is very friendly and efficient. If you love pizza like I do...this is the place to come.We went there for dinner one night. The pizzas are amazing. We are vegetarians, but Blaze has tons of choices for toppings for us. We really like their Pizza crust.Fast, fast fast pizza! 180 seconds and they are calling your name, wow! The Red Vine is the classic, fresh mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, basil and parmesan. Salads were and ready Togo.Really good, lots of options for toppings, sauces, and even vegan cheese if you want. Good prices and tasty! I liked the wood fired taste.This pizza place is tucked away next to Willa Jean. My sister brought me here a few days ago and I was pretty pleased with my experience. She ordered the signature BBQ chicken pizza with lemon basil beer and I ordered the green stripe pizza. After they fire up your pizza for 3 minutes you can add unlimited toppings all for $7.95! The portions were friendly and neither of us finished our pizza. These pizzas are fresh, thin, and light. 
Don't forget to check in to receive a free s'more which they also fire up to have it warm and melting for you.Awesome pizza. Awesome staff, they took their time to explain what they have in the menu. Very fast and calls your name before you actually settle on the seat. Nice clean place and have enough space for groups. Would def visit again!Unlimited toppings for no extra charge! I just recently discovered this place and I'm entirely impressed. The place is clean and the staff made me feel welcomed the second I walked through the door. Also a huge thank you for being so great at assisting and serving me, Lloyd!Essentially, Blaze Pizza is Subway for pizza. Get a build-your-own and you choose your crust, your sauce, and toppings for a super reasonable price. You go through the line and build your pizza like a Subway sandwich and watch them fire it up until it's ready to eat. I go here a few times a month for lunch on workdays and have never had a bad experience. Some days at peak lunch hour, it's crowded, but my co-workers and I haven't had trouble getting a table. Highly recommended! I've also tried a few of their specialty pizzas and my picky 3-year-old loves the Simple Pie. Eat here and you won't regret it.
Also, parents, heading to Blaze is not a far walk from the Louisiana Children's Museum. It is a bit of a trek, but an easy one and your taste buds, wallet and child(ren) will thank you. :)Very good pizza, high quality ingredients you can pick out yourself. I had half BBQ chicken and half veg out. Both were delicious! Reasonably priced compared to Willa Jean next door. Pizzas are around $7/$8 bucks and are filling.Easily and without a doubt my favorite food is pizza. Bury me with it. New Orleans is trying to get up in the pizza game and it's about time; we are way behind. Yes we have Pizza D and yes there's Mid City Pizza, Slice and let's not forget Theo's. However where each of those places excel in ingredients and tastiness, it's hard to find an excellent pie that is relative in price to the cost of what it takes to make each one. Blaze has that component down packed and for that, they're getting my #1 best pizza spot in Nola...for now. 
You can get a nice sized pie for under $10 with however many toppings you want in any combination. It's like the Subway of pizza but I dare not put Blaze's quality on Subway's level. Nestled in a newer, edgier sector of downtown it's got that modern touch to its interior. You can choose from their specialty pizzas or build your own. Since it was my first time I went with a specialty as I didn't want the pressure of building something I'd regret.
I went with the Meat Eater, pause. Came out super quick, the only setback I had about it was when asked if I wanted a sauce as a topping, I went with the bbq which it was good, however I don't think I would have wanted it swirled over my whole pie. I should've asked if I could get some on the side. Wasn't expecting to commit my entire pizza to that, but hey, ya live n ya learn. 
Super friendly and attentive staff, I also appreciated that the guy running the place went around and asked people if they were happy with their orders. A little bit goes a long way in hospitality with me. I'd definitely drop in here if I were you needing a downtown fix for a good pizza.Quick, delicious and fresh. This was my first trip, so I didn't know what to expect, but I knew it better be good since walk to get there was so long. Lol
Anywho, all the ingredients are right there at your disposal,     And fresh! The prices are great, build your own any toppings for $7.95, that's a steal. And the staff was extra friendly, helpful and quick!!!!!Ate at the New Orleans store.  It was great. I had never been to Blaze before. The pizza artist helped me understand what I was doing. My pizza was delicious!Delicious. A bit of a wait at lunch but so Worth it.  I got an artist pie with pepperoni and spinach added. Yum.Friendly staff, delicious pizza, even though it was at the end of the night they took care of a mistake on our pizza without asking and re did it.I normally don't write reviews for chains, but the service at this Blaze is always incredible, everyone's so happy and accommodating even when there are large crowds. It's also an unbeatable price for a meal that will definitely fill you up.Great pizza, salad and customer service! Definitely coming back for more. Pretty much a Subway for pizza.This was my first visit here. I was referred by a friend. I had the Build-Your-Own Pizza. It was delicious!! The toppings I put on it, plus how it was made, enhanced the whole experience. I will become a regular.Ok, this place is pretty cool. Quick and efficient, I can totally see why this place is catching on in an already pizza-saturated town.
The difference is their easy concept. Much like the beloved burrito places and Subway, it's a very simple menu. Pizza and toppings. That's it.
You can choose between three types of pizza: cheese, cheese+1 topping, or anything you want. You get one crust but a variety of sauces. Nice selection of toppings. Yummy thin crunchy crust. 
They bake it for 90 seconds then you can enjoy a fresh pizza for under $10. I'm sold!  
One star taken off for their horrible Smore cookie. For $3, it's two extremely dry (think MRE dry) graham crackers sandwiching a tiny amount of Hershey chocolate and 1 large marshmallow. Didn't taste toasted. Though the cookie in general was hard to swallow since it completely SUCKED all the moisture in your mouth. Please replace it with an actual dessert instead of that monstrosity.Loved this place! Build you own pizza and it's ready in 5 minutes. Sauces were very good. Toppings were fresh. And the crust was nice, thin,  and crunchy around the edges. Friendly staff, very clean.Kinda like Chipotle but it's pizza. Really good cheap pizza. You can seriously put whatever on your pizza for $8.  Will be back for sure!Nice staff. Very pleasant. Pizza was very good. Spicy sauce was excellent. Quick and cheap.I have visited this place a few times previously and haven't been disappointed yet. Today was a special offer for a $4 pizza. Cha-ching!! I ordered the pizza with white sauce. Delicious. Their service is always super fast. Line was out the door today but we didn't wait too long. Cold beer on tap. Only negative today was they were a bit skimpy on the toppings. Otherwise it's a great pizza at a great price.They put about a teaspoon of cheese on my pizza. It was all sauce. I asked for more, so then there were two teaspoons of cheese on my pizza. But, to their credit, the spicy red sauce is tasty. The crust was undercooked and chewy/gooey/basically raw.
I ordered a cheese pizza. I'd like to actually have some cheese on it.
I would not buy again or suggest anyone go here. They need to cook the pizzas for longer and maybe put some cheese on them?Good pizza with fresh ingredients. Concept just Like &Pizza . Loved the pies.
Draft beer was good.Pizza is very good and the staff is very friendly. Everyone looked like they enjoyed their job and offered help as needed. I like how they repeated my name and order each time my pizza was transferred to a different person.The only place we went to twice while on vacay in NOLA. Long and short of it is that they have what I'd consider to be "gourmet" type pizzas as a fast-food price. Extremely tasty and, of course, since each is made to order, super fresh. 
The folks there were also really nice and friendly. On on first visit, we stopped in front and were debating whether to go eat there or go to another place down the street - one of the folks was cleaning up the patio and perhaps could tell we were a bit tired and invited us to sit on their patio a bit (making it clear we didn't need to buy anything). It's not a huge thing, but a good example of how nice they are. And generally I prefer places with nice folks.I don't believe that you can give this pizza a positive rating if you've ever had pizza before.
Sure, you get to add as many toppings as you wish but the dough can not hold more than one. 
It's soggy... who wants soggy pizza! How can a pizza be ready in 3 min? 
It's tasteless... when they ask you if you want salt, add the salt because it needs it!
I only went in because I was hungry, had an hour to kill, and Willa Jean only had the brunch menu available. 
I've never liked these make your own pizza joints. This one just kept that feeling alive. Pizza is about the bread too and this one just doesn't cut it. 
I only give it a star cause the employees were nice.Great pizza! Loved the different topping and sauce they had. Very friendly and helpful staff!Blaze is a great fast lunch in mid city where most places tend toward more expensive sit down affairs. It's a face paced build your own pizza place that also offers options for salads and pre designed pizza combinations for those who want something less personal but just as good. As a vegetarian with vegan ambitions it's a respite of fresh veg and vegan options. Blaze offers vegan cheese and a ton of fresh veggies. Your options don't stop at the pizza as Blaze also offers a lot of beverages from beer to fresh lemonades and teas and agua frescas as well as bottled cokes and the usual fountain choices with the addition of my favorite soda water on tap. Save room for dessert because the s'mores pie is amazing, get it warmed if can. The personal sized pizza is more than enough for 2 and coming in around 13.00 for a pizza, drink and dessert Blaze is a great choice for lunch.It's refreshing to see this franchise make its way to NOLA! Went in because of a promotion they were having. The concept is very simple, efficient and delicious. They work on an assembly line model like a few other chains ( subway, chipotle) but with pizza! 
Right off the bat, the service was fantastic with friendly staff who greeted us as we walked in. They explained the concept as they were making our pizzas. They call you by name and trust me it adds that special touch. The ingredients were fresh. We ordered the green stripe and BBQ chicken but added extras along the way for no extra cost! That is a huge plus for this place. 
The pizza took barely 5 min to cook and voila, we had our meal! It was very tasty. The restaurant is very clean and the dining in experience was great. Will be returning. Thank you blaze pizza NOLA.Simply good tasting pizza. Fast service. Great prices. Try the Red Vine pizza. If you are on a budget but still require deliciousness, it's a must.One of the few places I eat pizza from because of the selections and how good they are. It's not too many places in the city of New Orleans that you can get a brick oven pizza done to order, so this is a plus. I don't eat pork so having the options of Turkey and Beef toppings works for me when I have a craving for pizza. I usually order through the Blaze App since the lines can get very long around lunch time. If you order that way you'll be able to cut the line and be out in a matter of minutes.When I first visited DC I was infatuated with a place called &pizza where the service is fast the ingredients are fresh and the pizza is aweeeeeesome! I wished there was a place like that in Nola and SURPRISE! I found it. blaze is great and fast and seriously the pizza is delicious...(the different fresh drinks are too) 
You make your own pizza and it's done in like 3 minutes! My arugula heaven lolI discovered this gem on my way to rouses. I love all the fresh toppings and sauces you can pick! This place is great for kids and the staff is so helpful and nice. Do yourself a favor and get the s'mores cookie, they warm it in the pizza oven and it's so warm and gooey!! I will definitely be putting this on my regular list!I love the pizza but the service left a whole lot to be addressed. Lost pizza, employees standing around doing nothing while the line backs up, pizzas being given to the wrong customer and pants sagging on the employees. They should have a dress code that requires a belt!!!!  The pizza itself was great. Love the gluten free crust option and the flavor of oven baked pizza. Will try again but maybe a different location.The pizza here was amazing, you can chose the type of dough you want with unlimited toppings on top. It literally only takes about 2-3 minutes before your pizza is ready.I am actually giving this a 2.5 but that doesn't exist. I tried this place because Wood Pizza was closed (amazing place). The atmosphere is very nice. The inside looks like Chipotle gone pizza crazy (even the menu looks the same). I was impressed with the interior. The pizza selection is nice, and the make your own pizza (chipotle?!?) is a good option. However, the first thing I noticed was that the crusts are pre-made. This is a big no-no for me, but I can understand doing this if it is necessary for the gluten free crusts (not sure the process of making this). They were very accommodating and allowed me and my friends to do 4 different pizzas on two crusts (half and half). We paid, ordered some "tap" wine (possibly a good idea, depending on if you're looking to get smashed; terrible idea if you are a wine snob). The wine was fine, but the price was $6 for a "tester" cup of wine (half a 9 oz plastic glass, so 4.5 oz). I normally hate people who complain and moan about prices (just get out if you are going to complain about reasonable prices for good food), but $6 for this glass of wine was just absurd. The wine was 1846 Cabernet. I mean I still bought it, but I'm not getting another glass. I'm just going to go next door to Rouses and buy a whole bottle for $20 (price of the wine served). A 16 oz beer (local craft) was the same price. So finally to the pizza. It was not good. As my friend first pointed out, the chicken tasted frozen (I agree), the toppings were ordinary, and there was wayyyy too much sauce in one of our pizzas and barely any on the other. Definitely not the worst pizza ever, but not worth going back. There is a growing trend in New Orleans right now where restaurants think that if they look pretty, they don't need to have good food. This restaurant fits in this category. Shame shame, New Orleans.As someone who eats here way to often I can't say enough about this place. I love the pizza, the employees/service is great, and pizza come out fast. I also love that I get a free pizza every so often with the blaze app!Probably one of the better pizza I've had in a long time. The toppings to select from is very extensive. And it's only $8. I call it the Goldilock crust. Crispy outside, chewy inside, just right.
It's the trifecta of good, fast, and cheap. I'll definitely go back to try other combinations.Came in here with a large group of girls a few weeks ago and was very pleased, aside from a few issues. 
First let me say, the prices are amazing. Unfortunately I don't think I got a pick a of the prices, but basically you get about an 8-10 inch pizza with all the toppings of your choice, for about $9. The kids pizzas come with drinks and are about $5 give or take. The time to actually cook your pizza is magical as well. Yes, I know I said magical lol. Basically as you are paying your pizza will probably be completed. I have no idea how they do it but they do and it's really heaven. 
So my daughter had the standard cheese pizza which was good. Pepperoni was too. I had the meats option which was tasty as well. We also tried this pizza with chicken, white sauce, mozzarella, artichokes, pesto, and garlic (oh btw, get the garlic. Get lots of it. Trust me on this). This pizza was so out of the norm for my normal pizza but it was so good! 
Honestly, to me the only thing that could've been better was the customer service. There was one particular guy, I think he may have been a manager, that was just going way too fast. Like, I get that it's a fast place, but don't be so rushed while I give you my ingredients that you end up putting something on my pizza that I didn't want. Also, he seemed to have an attitude while speaking with customers. Customer service can sometimes be what makes or breaks an establishment...id hate to see this awesome pizza shop get broken by funky customer service. Thankfully everyone wasn't that way. 
Overall, id love to come back!It was close to our hotel so we had to check it out since it was highly rated. The rating was on point!! The service was great: true southern hospitality. 
The only downfall is that they didn't have a TV since the game is on :/ but it wasn't worth a star deduction :)
Oh... And would have been perfect if they had sundried tomatoes but that is me being picky. Lol
I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Nola!Some of the better pizza I've had in new orleans definitely better than delivery. They do have a thin crust which I was a fan of but if you want thicker crust you have to ask. The process doesnt take long unless its super busy. They were out of salad when we went last time and it took a little while to refill but not the end of the world. Overall I'll be back soon.You can tell the ingredients are fresh. Thin crust. Fast service, and extremely great customer service!Delicious!   Nice people! GreAt service.  My 10 yr old son is gluten free and no problem he got to enjoy wonderful pizza too!   It's like the port of sub of pizza great topping you make it how you want.  Crust was so good. For how delicious it was you wouldn't believe how fast they made it!Pretty decent made-to-order pizza. I had the high rise crust on the meat eater pizza. It was pretty tasty but took longer than normal to come out... guess there were less workers than on the weekday. 
Inexpensive- about 8 bucks.
Would come againI absolutely loved this place. So many options, it's seriously a subway for pizza (except more class). So delicious and very fast. I highly recommend!After a Saturday night saints game, Blaze Pizza is the best pizza ever! Overpriced food in the superdome just makes this pizza taste even better. Says they close at 10 on here but they really don't close until 11. 
It seems a lot of new fairly priced food joints are taking on the subway style of serving. You can either choose a set pizza or you can build your own. You tell the first worker what you want, then you tell the next worker what toppings you want added. Next, they literally place your pizza into a wood-burning legit pizza oven!! So cool to see. It cooks within minutes (super fast process). You pay for your meal and then they call your name to tell you your pizza is done. 
I got the BBQ chicken pizza and added sausage (I was so hungry after watching the Saints take a win!). My SO ordered the meat pizza and added sausage as well. I would definitely come back again. There aren't many options for food in this area at night, so I'm incredibly grateful Blaze is open. 
Overall, no extra charges for toppings, quick, delicious pizza, clean facilities are all pluses in my book. 
I only take away a star because the service wasn't great .I don't know if it was a bad night or not- but the service that I received on Nov 18th 2017 at 9:20pm was absolutely horrible and I will never go back to this location again- and I recommend others not to either. Go to location on Feret. The vibe is much better and the people have a better disposition about themselves. Upon entry the guy with the glasses seemed annoyed, and was very aggressive with his answers and he seem frustrated that we didn't get what he was saying b/c he went over the menu so fast so being that I'm a fan of Blaze I took over to explain the menu better. The girls attitude were worse. They seemed very frustrated and was snickering to each other, and rolling their eyes. If it wasn't for my company I would have snapped on them. I hate bad service. Then she didn't offer me a drink or call me when my pizza was done.. she lowered her pizza peel on the floor b/c she wasn't paying attention and then cut her eye at me and still used it to take the pizzas out. New Orleans please stop hiring these socially awkward and  ghetto people to represent your businesses. It's very distasteful. Let's not add how we rushed out by the guy with the glasses omg .. horrible! Never again!When you're craving a pizza that's affordable with every possible option that you could throw ALL of on top if you realllly want, GO TO BLAZE. I was so pleasantly surprised since I was imagining a subway-type fast food experience, but the quality was top-notch. Quick service. Clean place. All my favorite cheeses- shredded mozzarella, fresh mozzarella, blue cheese, feta, goat cheese, and parm. Also, lots of yummy teas to choose from to drink.. I think I'm just gonna stop writing and go now.Fantastic servers.  It was our first time and the concept is pretty awesome (start with some dough, choose your sauces, cheeses,  and then choose ANY toppings you want). All for one low price.  We all got our own pizzas and still left with some for later.Great Food Great Price! Everyone who worked there was very nice!  Would eat there every day . We need one of these in Houston !I love this place. It's within walking distance of my office for lunches. It's quick and at about $8+tax, you can put any toppings you'd like on your pizza. The staff has been pleasant the three times I have visited so far. Very happy to have this convenient addition to the city!This is honestly my favorite place to eat pizza! I love the location of Blaze because it is right in the middle of downtown New Orleans. The selection of the sauces and different cheeses is a very wide variety! I thoroughly enjoy the spicy pizza sauce. There are some outside seats and many indoors. It is very family friendly and they have exceptional service! I wish I could put 10 stars!!!Wow!  Great experience.  We learned about the dough and their earth friendly containers and the oven...and, our pizza was excellent!  I added to the signature "White Top" pizza and my husband built his own.  Great option if you have the hankering for pizza!I have to say this is a pretty darn good pizza place but it's only a pizza place.
That being said the customer service here is awesome.
My wife was not a pizza crust or bread eater was accommodated with her order of meatballs on sauce with cheese jalapenos and stuff and they put it on a plate and it was wonderful. 
They also have salads, but no other Italian foods that I am aware of.We've eaten here twice because as a vegan there are limited options for pizza and Blaze has vegan cheese. The first time we ate here both our pizzas were burnt to a crisp on the bottom. I'm talking coal black. At my husband's request I reluctantly decided to give them one more chance. I ended up with a pizza with no cheese because they were out of the vegan cheese. I was disappointed but went ahead with the order to appease my husband. We told them of our last experience with burnt pizza and were assured they would take special care not to burn them. My husband watched as they burned the pizzas yet again and literally scraped the burnt crust off the bottom of both pizzas. Aside from that they are extremely stingy with their toppings. These pizzas are just plain nasty and I will never waste my money there again.I really like the concept. Its like a chipotle for pizza. Pick any toppings and its out in less than 5 minutes. The staff are really nice and upbeat. S'mores pies are delicious. The chocolate melts in your mouth. I will return!Pizza is good and reasonably priced. Staff are friendly. I ate here twice for lunch on my trip since it was good and so close to the hotel. I went at 11:30am both days and successfully avoided the lines.The service is quick and very nice and cordial. The food tastes amazing. I will definitely go back before I leave New Orleans.... The price is perfect too!Our hotel recommended another pizza place but this place looked more our style and my family was very happy we made this choice. Our pizzas were ready very fast and tasted great. We would recommend this pizza place to anyone. I even got Gator as a pizza topping!Extremely impressed. I ordered the gluten free crust and will never go back to regular crust. It's thin, crispy, and delicious (with a few calories less per serving than original crust). The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Buffalo mozzarella? Yes, please. Very quick considering the quality of the product. Finally, the staff was warm, welcoming, and downright friendly. I love patronizing places where the servers are glad to be there, and Blaze is a great example of this.I arrive to a packed restaurant and a line that had 29 people in front of me. It wrapped around nearly the entire restaurant. The woman in front of me, noticing I was in a suit and out of character for this nice casual place, assured me that it would be quick.  15 minutes later I was ordering and 5 minutes after that had my pizza.
You order what you want and while you pay it is taken to a hot oven where it cooks in just minutes. Mine was a simple sausage and basil with a nice red sauce and crispy thin crust.  This pizza walked back with me to my hotel 5 blocks away and remained crispy! (And yum good)
It is good - and if in a hurry - delivers a good meal.  I am impressed!!I love it! The pizza is fantastic, the service is speedy, and the staff is very nice. The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because I checked in with Yelp and was prompted a free dessert, but the staff member I consulted made a huge deal about Yelp customers and gave me attitude about it.Fun place for tourist as well! Great customer service and really worth the money.I was a Mellow Mushroom person before I tried Blaze pizza. After one bite my preference immediately changed. Plus the prices are way better. It's kind of like Izzo's or Chipotle in the way you order your food. For basically 8 bucks you get a personal 11 inch pizza with UNLIMITED toppings. And when I say unlimited, you can literally put anything on the bar on your pizza. They don't scam on the toppings either. I would love if we could get one of these in Metairie, but for pizza this good, I don't mind the drive.
Also: have them mix together the mild and the spicy red sauce! You won't regret it.I go to Blaze a little too often! Blaze is like subway but for pizza,  on steroids. It's down the block from my job and is literally a slice of heaven. The build your own pizza is probably the best way to go, plus there's tones of options! Try the smores,  they're delicious! My all time favorite thing about Blaze is there Blood Orange Lemonade! I swear I'd buy a gallon of it if I could. 
Very inexpensive for the quality! :)I tired this place with a friend who was very enthusiastic about it and I was not disappointed. The interior was clean with a kind of 'modern-induistrial' theme and the staff are all very friendly. 
I would compare the way your pizza is made here to the way you order a subway sandwich in that you can mix and match in anyway you like. The ingredient selection is very impressive and they even have alligator you can add to your pizza. 
I ordered the 11 inch personal pizza with the spicy red sauce, sausage, alligator, and mozzarella. It was extremely good and very satisfying. There is seating both inside and outside which is always good for those like myself who like to eat outside. 
At the end of the day it is a solid pizza place overall with a unique customization themed concept. That being said, for me it just feels very obviously 'chain-like' proabaly because it is, however, it was delicious and I would go back.The gluten free pizza is great! The first time in the factory ensemble line is a little awkward but it moves quickly, respectful and wonderful nice at being able to pick all your ingredients without being overly charged. 
You pick the toppings, sauce and cheese then pay. They bake it and deliver it to your table. 
Glad we found this place so close to the hotel!!Blaze pizza is hot Hot HOT!  I just got finished eating the 'art lover' and it was awesome!...however I added tomatoes and squash.  Getting my pizza was super fast.  It's kinda cool that you can watch them make the pizza and have the choice to add more cheese or toppings if you want.  I also got this great deal of buying a cup of wine ($6) and then getting a coupon for a free pizza!!  I will definitely be getting this pizza instead of Rouses (which is across the street) or Theo's.I love anything that is made right on the spot and fresh! The staff was friendly and welcoming! You have the option to choose from the pre selected items on the menu or you can custom make your own pizza! I also enjoyed that they had fresh drinks. I never eat a whole pizza on my own, my husband and a friend of ours ordered each a whole pizza and we all managed to eat it all.I went to blaze tonight and ordered a build your own with white sauce, pesto on the crust, pepperoni, banana peppers, pineapple, Italian sausage, and sea salt. It tasted really good. The ingredients were fresh. The size is also pretty good for one person but I wouldn't split it with someone. It's just better that each get their own. The staff is very friendly and helpful throughout the process, I've come here a few times and the pizzas are always consistent. I prefer thinner pizzas and that's what they offer. You can ask them to cook it a little longer too and they will if you like yours crunchy like I do. If you're in the cbd area this is a good place to go to. I'm not a fan of the usual pizza chains and this one has a nice touch to it. I'll back again whenever I'm in the mood for some pizza.Blaze pizza has opened from California bringing the Subway concept to New Orleans. You walk in pick what crust you want and then proceed to choose what toppings you want from an abundant selection of meat and vegetable toppings. Its almost the Kramer concept from Seinfeld where you build your own pie. Once you've created your 12" masterpiece it bakes for 7 minutes and boom you have a pizza. At $7.95 you can't beat the price and they are big enough for two people. The drinks are great too as they have a blood orange lemonade that is excellent. I highly recommend this place especially if your on a budget. Only drawback is that because the ingredients are so fresh your pizza will be a little wet as 7 minutes is not enough time to burn off the condensation so the pizza is a little sloppy depending on how many ingredients you put on it.The place is always busy, loud. However, it has extremely delicious pizza and the turnaround time for your order is quick. Environmental foibles aside, it's a great place to get a pie on the cheap.Delicious pizza, friendly service, ready fast. Great for a quick and early dinner with the kid. Also has great craft beer selection and wine. Smores dessert was yummy. Will definitely be back.Not sure why all the hype for this place. 
It's Subway for pizza!  
That is all, closing keyboard now.We stopped in here for a quick and inexpensive lunch. The line moved fast, the staff was incredibly friendly and upbeat, and my pizza was delicious. Definitely check this place out if you are looking for a quick meal!Friendly staff and great pizza.  Only thing I didn't like was the pizza dough is extra thin.  Then again, that's how it cooks in less than 5 minutes.Super affordable and wide variety of options to choose from. My 8 y.o sister loved it here, but what 8 y.o. doesn't love pizza? lol She chose a simple pepperoni pizza while i was a little more adventurous with alligator sausage and a wide array of veggies. I didn't try the s'mores but my sister definitely enjoyed it. It's by no means a gourmet pizza, but you get what you pay for. It was a quick but cheap meal, i'll be back!The pizza here is light enough so that you don't feel greedy for eating a whole pizza, yet substantial enough so that you'll definitely feel satisfied. I did a build your own with white cream sauce, gorgonzola, a little mozzarella, grilled chicken, pineapple, and balsamic glaze as a finisher.Yummy! I finally made it over here for lunch today. There are already a bunch of pizza options in this area, but Blaze has a different concept on theirs. I'd say it's like the Chipotle of the pizza world. They serve fast and fresh quality pizzas where you can customize your order to exactly how you want it.
We came in at noon with the rest of the lunch crowd. The line was long and backed up to the door. It moved fairly quickly though. I chose the build your own pizza instead of one of their signature pizzas.
It's pretty cool. For $7.95 you get an 11" pizza and can load it up with as many toppings as you desire. First, you choose your crust - regular or gluten free (gluten free costs extra). Then you choose your sauce, cheeses, meats and veggies, etc. It is then placed in a wood fired oven for 180 seconds. They call out your name and you pick it up. We waited longer in line than the wait for the pizza was.
It was delicious. I got a small side salad to accompany it and it was also good. 
Note that the crust is very thin.. That's why it can bake so quick. But, when you add your toppings and all, it turns out well. The sauce has just the right amount of spices and flavor that culminate it all together.
I will definitely be back again!!This place is a savior! They have the best tasting build your own pizza! Easy, convenient and good value for the price!Updating from my original review to share a tip- and remove a star. Blaze is great and efficient during rush hour daytime periods but at night and on weekends, the service has been less efficient. It seems like the employees are newer or just slower, so prepare for a slower wait during this time even when there are no lines. 
Now my original review, which still stands for most of the time I'm there: 
One of my favorite quick food spots - the fact that you get brick oven fired up pizza made fresh with great ingredient options is a plus! Service is always great and speedy, even though the cashiers somehow don't always seem as happy as the other team members. It's a busy restaurant with great lemonade. Literally one of the quickest lunch spots if you live in walking distance (I've only been here for lunch). The special buy one get one free and pie ($3.14 pizza) days are a customer favorite. The pizza always tastes great! And there are endless options for toppings. If your driving down, parking may be a challenge and is not free. I get the traditional flavor and amount of mozzarella cheeses and tomato sauce and my pizzas always taste great. But be sure to order to your liking.  
Lastly, after reading other comments, I will recommend that you always read the fine print on the coupons. Even though they are great offers, the rules are specific- online ordering is usually prohibited for coupon use and only one coupon per customer is usually the norm (but this is pretty much the norm at most restaurants). Order food at the counter not in advance unless you are outside. It comes out incredibly fast and you don't want to get it lukewarm. That would negatively impact the flavor and your experience. Also lots of snacks and drink options besides lemonade (I just mentioned lemonade  because I'm into lemonade).... 
Hope this helps!I work a couple of blocks from Blaze and I am addicted!  11" thin crust pizza with an array of fresh toppings all for under 8 bucks. Quick service and fresh salads!   The spicy red sauce is amazing.  It fills up pretty quick at the noon hour and can be a bit crowded while waiting for your pizza but it's worth it!  
Definitely give this place a try.I am pizza... Pizza is me!!!! That being said, this place gets it all the way right. $7.95 plus tax gets you a whole pizza pie, all to yourself. The menu calls for the standard for $5 & some change; or $7.95 to build your own. 
I crafted my own with Garlic Basil as the base, ALLLLLLLLLL the cheeses in the building, add in a few jalapenos & HAPPY HAPPY AM I!!!! Then to top it off, literally and figuratively, at the end, I added oil and balsamic vinaigrette drizzle to my pizza once it edited the oven... OMG!!!! Sheesh!!! My only disappointment was that I couldn't eat it all in one setting.  
For my beverage of choice, I opted against the water, soda, coconut water, juices options... Bring on the NOLA Beer on tap. It was my first time trying it annnnnnnnnnd I was pleased. 
Start to finish, this process took about 12 minutes. That's novel for pizza making. What's the secret? Is it the massive fire oven? Or the thin, flaky, buttery crust? Or the super efficient restaurant workers? Idk, whatever the reason, it happened and that made the difference. 
The only draw back for THIS location, is the lack of parking. Truly this location caters to the CBD/downtown crowd and that's super cool. And since I know parking is the challenge I will face, I'll be prepared for it HEAD FIRST. And speaking about head first... Did I mention there's an option to call ahead??? I saw it, it happens and then so now BLAZE has been added to my list of places for one of my infamous #stickandmovecapers!!!! Great, Great, Great!!!!I don't know how the numerous other pizza places in the vicinity are still in business. Blaze allows you to put all of the quality ingredients you want on a perfectly sized crust and then bakes said personalized pizza in an open-flame oven for ridiculously reasonable prices. Don't tell management, but they could totally get away with charging double for their product and they'd still have a line out the door each day. 100/5 starsFive stars for the food. Excellent as always. The staff smiled but didn't seem like they wanted to be at work and I couldn't even get them to add points to my reward account.Well, well well!  New Orleans is now the 64th franchisee in a chain of Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza outlets stretching from Calgary to Orlando.  The 12" pizza pie preparation process is simply mind boggling.  Customers saunter down an assembly line starting with choices of sauces, then cheeses, meats, veggies and spices.  Next the pizza is placed in a wood burning oven, and in 180 seconds and less than $8 before taxes, the pizza is ready to eat.  I selected a menu item listed as the Meat Eater, which included Sliced Pepperoni, Crumbled Beef, Red Onion, Mozzarella Cheese and Red Sauce.  As I Made my way down the assembly line, I added Gorgonzola Cheese, Grilled Chicken, Applewood Bacon, Chopped Alligator Sausage, Chopped Garlic, Oregano, Arugula, and Olive Oil Drizzle.
I took my order to go and share at home and I am really glad for the advice from the store attendant, that told me to avoid reheating the pizza in a microwave, but use a conventional oven instead  at 425 degrees for 2 or 3 minutes.  Worked out just great!  I can't wait to return and sample the various salad selections, drinks and desserts.This place is so good. It's like Pie Five meets Tuscany. Amazing, fresh ingredients and quality dough equals PERFECT pizza. And how in the world is it only $8 per pie?? The portions are by far more than enough. I will always remember this place.Here is my Vegan review: The staff was very helpful. This is a build your own pizza restaurant. They had Daiya Vegan cheese to put on your pizza along with a bunch a veggie toppings. Pizza was really tasty and just enough to get me full. Vegan or non Vegan check this place out it was really enjoyable.This place is genius. Think of a Chiptole essentially but instead of burritos, you get to build your own pizza. The price is right, the service is solid, and although the line is usually long, it moves quickly. Would highly recommend for a quick bite! A pizza is about two and a half meals worth.Build your own Pizza fast.  The staff is super friendly! Nice and clean!!! 
They have whole roasted garlic which I love ;)I guess I am just not a New Orleans foodie. I'm better with the four basic food groups. Burgers, BBQ, Chicken, and Pizza. And, the Blaze custom pizza capped off a good day of sight seeing and walking around NOLA.
Right up front you notice that like a lot of the restruants we checked out the menu is limited. They do a do-it-yourself pizza that is built like a subway sandwich right in front of you. Thin crust, with a gluten free option, four different sauces and cheeses, about six different meats, and a gardens worth of veggies. Have it your way went Italian. 
I really liked Lee, the young lady that built my pizza, and the way I was treated. When I asked her to mix the classic red and the spicy sauce... She's like "yeah, that is gonna be great". The entire staff calls you by name so you feel welcome.
They get the first four stars because the staff rocked, the service was fast, and the pizza was pretty doggone good. The 5th Star is because I have no idea how they stay in business. The prices and value received beat dominoes or any of the other McPizza chains. 
They have outdoor seating, and they do online ordering as well.Summary:
-11" pizza = $7+tax
-build your own
-great variety of toppings but also sauces and cheeses! AND they let you do HALF/HALF!!
-line moves quick
-friendly staff
I honestly could not have been more pleased... I am that person that ALWAYS wants to make substitutions.  Build your own is my best friend.  Build your own AND you can do half/half..even half/half sauce?? ...AND its the same price?! Dreams do come true. The only thing I could suggest would be to have the ingredients listed on the board as well, it would help to build a pizza, without knowing what else is down the line it makes it a little difficult. I ofcourse went online to look at the menu first! 
I meant to take a photo but ate it too quickly. 
11" is more than enough. I had leftovers, if I got a side salad I would have had 2 perfect meals.
There are tons of toppings. Almost everything you could ask for.  The toppings are quality ingredients.
Here's my creation to give you an idea.
No sauce. I'd prefer pesto drizzle but thats at the very end and I can't hold up the line. 
1/2
Ricotta - love that they have that! 
Chicken
Spinach
Mushrooms
Artichokes
Pesto drizzle
1/2
Shredded mozzarella + parmesean
Chicken
Bacon
Pineapple
Green peppers
Jalapeno
BBQ drizzleI loveeeeeee this place I love all the different toppings you can add and it's not expensive at all atmosphere is nice always nice people this place is greatDelicious, quick, beyond excellent customer service. Fun and friendly atmosphere. All ingredients are fresh and amazing. Recommend this this restaurant to anyone.Blaze is one of NOLA best kept secrets in local, delicious affordable restaurants. The staff was friendly and prompt and they were conscientious of my wife's gluten allergies. Their pizzas are some of the best that I have had ( we have sampled pizzas in NYC, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Athens GR, Boston, Chicago). I love their thin crust and the ability to design your own pizza.Great place, fast cheap pizza. We come once a week and it's obvi our fav. Celebrated my 32nd birthday here tonight!!!Fast food had become hackneyed, but I knew I craved something easy and fattening Then in an instant it dawned on me.... Pizza. My teeth bucked at the thought of gnawing down on a hard crusted, stale cheese pizza from Little Caesars. "Ever had Blaze Pizza? They make your pizza right in front of you, then bake it in a fancy stone oven. Like a subway for pizza. And it costs roughly the same, maybe a few bucks extra." Finding parking was difficult, but it was expected given its inconvenient location in the city. . Outside of Blaze Pizza was a nice set up of tables and chairs that matched the logo colors. Inside there was a diverse and seemingly friendly group of employees that all spoke in unison upon every customers entrance. "Hi! Welcome to Blaze Pizza." They all spoke. The lady at the front counter happily walked me through the short and simple menu. It was pizza or bust. There was an option for garlic knots, but aside from those if your purpose wasn't strictly a pizza, this place wasn't for you. The prices were low, as promised, and none of the very few menu items cost over $10. I was tempted by the offer of sweets at the end of my visit, which I declined, but I did accept the offer for a drink cup at a modest additional charge. Along the back wall, not far from the restrooms awkwardly enough, rested 4 drink dispensing machines with rotary features. Blood Orange Lemonade, Passion Fruit, Coconut Aqua Fresco, and regular Lemonade, all my refilled my cup back to back while my pizza cooked to perfection in the oven. I quickly filled up on the delicious new flavors that had overcome my taste buds and before long my name, followed by my friends name, was called to collect my finished product. It was fair in size, not huge, but not a rip off size, and it tasted better than it looked. The crust was soft and flakey, the cheeses, meats, and other toppings all flowed together perfectly giving me a great new taste to enjoy. For the price paid, it was a fair deal and it wasn't an entirely bad choice thanks to the drinks I was able to fill up on. Overall Blaze Pizza is a great choice for those who want a nice outing and personal pan pizza, but don't want to pay a ridiculous price for it.I would recommend this place. Alternative to constant expensive meals in New Orleans. Quick. Cost effectiveI need to type this out because I don't even believe it: 
I customized a pesto sauce pizza with feta, extra mozzarella, grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, chopped garlic, arugula, bacon and pineapple for $7.95! Not $17.95, but $7.95. It tasted like a $27.95 pizza, but I paid seven whole dollars and ninety-five cents. How is this even possible? Nm, don't answer that. Just head to Blaze immediately and get yourself a delicious pizza already.
And the service? Top notch. My boyfriend and I ordered separate pizzas and watched the employees making them compete over who's looked better. They were so patient with us on our first visit, that I've been singing their praises ever since. I can't wait to go back!This place has, hands down the best pizza. The pizza is made the way you want it and then baked to order. And the staff is excellent. I go almost every week. I recommend the roasted garlic on any pizza its delicious. It gets a bit crowded around noon but clears out quickly. Great spot to go in the cbdNormally Pizza doesn't excite me but after a friend invited me here, I've been back 3 Times. THis is best Pizza I've ever had in my life. THe 8.99 unlimited toppings is an unbeatable value. On my Last visit I was given a buy 1 get 1 free coupon  for my next visitFresh fast delicious. Perfect for a quick lunch while attending a conference at the Hyatt regency. Friendly staff. Gluten free option was great (although not GF enough for true celiac)Great concept, good pizza, good price, nice atmosphere, friendly workers. This is a hit! The pizza crust is thin crust, and so you don't want to load too many topping on the pizza or you won't be able to hold a slice. And this is the reason I did not give it 5 stars. If the crust was thicker, and I could load it up sky high with toppings, I'd be in heaven. But then they'd probably have to raise the prices. But the bottom line is, the pizza is good! Whenever I'm in the area, I will only eat at Blaze!Best pizza in town! What I love about Blaze is you get your pizza your way and for less than $8 bucks. The thin crust is some good that I don't feel guilty eating their pizza. Try it, I'm more than sure you'll really love Blaze pizza!
Kathy C.This is the holy grail of pizza spots. It works very similarly to Subway. You can either build your own pizza or choose one of their specialty ones, which are also fully customizable. I'm not sure how this place is going to make money, because you can get as many toppings as you want for $7.95 AS MANY AS YOU WANT. And their choices of toppings are amazing. Roasted garlic, sautéed zucchini, ricotta cheese. Once they put your pizza in the oven it takes about three minutes tops for it to be ready. The pizzas are a personal size cut into eight pieces. For a girl, this really could be two meals. Unless you're a fatty like me and can't stop yourself from eating the whole thing in one sitting.Is it possible to get more than 5 stars? 
Quick easy and gluten free options! 
Can not wait for them to open one in Toronto!We ate here before a huge event at the Superdome. We were welcomed in by the manager, he and his staff quickly served 23 people in our group. The staff is amazing and undoubtedly the best pizza in New OrleansTried it on pie day 3/14 when they have 3.14 pizzas. Enjoyed it and the blood orange lemonade was everything !!!So good for quick pizza. Only downside is you sometimes have to keep asking for more toppings because they can be skimpy, but they pile it on when you ask.This was absolutely amazing! Staff was friendly and food was nothing less than amazing! Make your own pizza for just $7.95. Would love to have one in Southeast Texas!Tried a gluten free pizza.  It was really good but I was nervous to eat it because the red sauce was spread onto my crust with the same spoon and from the same container as regular pizza - major cross contamination issue.  I was also concerned about the pizza slicer being reused and therefore contaminated also.  So far no problems.  Normally I wouldn't have taken this chance but with traveling I had no other options.A quick and delicious pizza. They have a variety of choices if pizza, including white pizza, pesto pizza and marinara pizza. 
We had theThe pizza here is really good and the prices were very reasonable!!! Also the friendliest staff around! Excellent pizza and customer serviceLove love love this place! Pizza is delicious AND affordable? Probably has the best veggie pizza I've tried so far. They aren't stingy with the toppings either which is a plus lol!! Only thing tho is that it would be best to go here for lunch as the original crust is thin so won't fill you up much unless you drink a lot. Try the BBQ drizzle, you won't regret it!!!Cooking Speed: A+ 
Crust: B+(I like thin but it was not the best)
Spicy tomato sauce: A
Toppings(variety): A
Toppings(taste): B+
Overall: A
I would eat there againOven baked pizzas in three minutes? Awesome. They have you follow your pizza down the line as they create it (like chipotle) and even if you ordered a specific pizza off the menu you can add any toppings to it that you want at no additional  cost. 
When my pizza came out of the oven, the crust was perfectly crispy without being burnt or overly charred and folded without breaking like a hard taco shell. When I finished I was full without being stuffed and the free s'mores with Yelp check-in was warm and gooey without being too messy.
 It wasn't the single greatest pizza I've ever eaten, but especially for the price I would definitely go back.I rarely eat pizza but when I do, it's thin crust. And a fresh from the oven fired pizza is my choice! That being said, I love the row of restaurants that are now downtown and Blaze is right in the middle. The pizza was good, and made to order, only gripe would probably be the service and lack of pizza sizes. (Mod pizza which shares a very similar business model has 2-3 different sizes of pizza you could order). Though everyone there were happy to help, they seemed to have more people behind the counter than needed, I think there were 6 people back there, in which I didn't know who was handling my pizza, Bc it kept trading hands, and the people behind the counter could barely hear me. I tried to order two pizza's but by the time they took my first order they didn't seem to notice I was putting in a second pizza for my wife. Great restaurant, just needs some better training.The name of the restaurant says it sell! 7.95/pizza. You have a selection of Signature pizzas (Meat Eater and BBQ chicken are good) or you can build your work for the same price! In sure everyone ends up building their own pizza despite choosing a signature one. Pizzas are made in front of you and there is very little waiting time.  
It was a value meal for me. Condiments are readily available and it was just a 5 minute walk dining from the Smoothie King Center or Mecedes Benz super dome. Perfect for an after game meal!I had heard many great reports of Blaze Pizza so was super excited I got to try it out tonight! I must say, it definitely lived up to the hype! The staff was incredibly friendly and the pizza was amazing! They had an abundance of fresh ingredients and suburb toppings! Definitely a place I would return to again in the near future!!Total fail both for the Yelp model, and for pizza. If you think proximity, "near my office" is the basis for 5 stars, or "it's amazing because you get to choose your toppings", please keep you opinions to yourselves. Y'all are the same ones who blew the curve in high school.  My second star is soley for the staff being nice.  I've enjoyed frozen super market pizza way more than Blaze. I don't feel it should be billed as pizza because a tablespoon of bland tomato sause and a tablespoon of dry mozzarella on hot cardboard isn't pizza. This place makes going hungry an appealing option. To all the Yelpers who rave that Blaze is great, just like a Subway pizzeria. A statement like that speaks to your indiscriminate palate. if you think Subway is great, then you are either short on taste buds, or options.Good pizza joint ! Was my first time here. Heard great things about it from friends and coworkers so had to try it out. 
It's pretty much a "you make it, we bake it" pizza place. They have a wide variety of fresh ingredients. Setup is kinda like a subway. You select your crust type, then your sauce, then your toppings. 
The "make your own pizza" was about 9$. And if you check-in on YELP you get a free desert. 
Going on lunch was a bit hectic tho. The place isn't that big and it gets pretty crowded. But they do a good job at managing and keeping the lone moving.Good and quick fast food pizza.  No frills and a bit noisy, but the they have a good variety of toppings, prepare and cook quickly.  Salads are premade in plastic containers, but seemed fresh and tasted good.We were gonna go to Willa Dean but that place was just way too busy to serve us so instead we went next door to this place to grab something to eat and we absolutely do not regret it! Awesome pizza and awesome prices! Everything here was really dang good! Even the salad was good! I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a quick lunch because they really got this food out to us in under 10 minutes. Check out the dough nuts too! Those were pretty good also!Took my six year old here with her friend. They loved the interaction of building their own pizza. Everything was good. The pizza was thin and crunchy, and the salads were fresh. The facility is clean, prices are low. We will be back!Quick service.  Nice selection of toppings.  Will be back to build a different pie.  Pesto with cameras, roasted garlic, black olives, feta and tomatoes was excellent.Genius. This is one of the best "fast food" places around. You can build your own pizza, a damn good pizza at that. They are not stingy with the toppings and the dough is this perfectly hand turned brick oven thin crust. Quick fast quality food. I will be back since I am a local:)WHOA Never knew this place was here. Thanks to Morgan for throwing this wonderful and invigorating event together! #YouDaBEST! So here are the deets yo!!
-Make yo own pizza for 7.95 or have a plain cheese pizza for like 5.95. But you know I needz da meats. #MeatzzaPizza 
-Ambiance: Clean, funky fresh with bold red as the main color. A cool place to chill with friends/yelpers. First thing you're hit with besides the amazing aroma of pizzas being fast fired as soon as you walk through the door is the extensive amount of toppings you can throw on yo pizza. There's a small, fast moving line of people picking what they want.
-Toppings: Ooh the fun part! So anything you could possibly want is available. Start off with some savory sauce (bbq, pesto, Classic Red, SPICY Red, Alfredo, and maybe summ else I'm forgetting). You know they have the classics like pepperoni, sausage, meatballs, italian sausage you name it! They also have more gourmet items like goat cheese, applewood bacon (waaaaayy better than the bacon bits that typically appear on pizzas), fresh basil (say whaaaaaat?), a local favorite such as Alligator Sausage (ALLIGATOR SAUSAGE?! WHERE DEY DO THAT AT?!), all types of other cray cray stuff. Trust me the possible amount of possible combos here is redunkulous! 
- THE PIZZA!! I started off with a spicy red sauce, topped it off with mozzarella, Gorgonzola, spinach, chicken, half alligator sausage, roma tomatoes, green bell peppers, mushrooms.#BombDiggity #KaPOW
-Dessert: Smore Pie, two delicious graham crackers with chocolate and marshmallow in between cooked the same way as the pizza. Yummy, gooey, melty deliciousness !
-Employees: WHOO they are a peppy bunch over here and I don't suspect it was Tequila!  Extremely friendly and I love how they checked up on us after we got all of our food.
The 11 inch pizza is big enough to be shared however I don't think you'll really want to LOL. All in all I've already told all of my friends about this place and we're definitely planning to stop by soon. #HOLLAWir waren hier zum Mittagessen.
Das Essen wird vor den Augen der Kunden frisch zubereitet.
Super netter Service. Frische Zutaten. Super Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis. Angenehmes Ambiente.First time at Blaze was pretty good.  The staff was really friendly, especially Jeremy.  We came the day after the Sugar Bowl so they were out of a lot of stuff but what can I expect? I spent about 54$ on 5 people and our bellies were full.  Anyway, I will definitely be back.  Only thing I was kind of upset about , the lady wasn't  really helpful about my free garlic knots from yelp , I ended up paying.  It was only 2$ so it wasn't a deal breaker.Great location, atmosphere is excellent. You get to oversee your pizza creation. For those who struggle with options they have a premise menu you can order from. It's a customize you pizza and they bake it. Lemon basil beer tastes refreshing, staff was polite and helpful. Pizza was good.Quick and easy pizza. Chipotle order style. Next time I want to be a little more "out there" and adventurous with my toppings. I just did a pepperoni with the spicy sauce. The address was a little misleading and we had a hard time finding it but glad we did. The brick oven puts a yummy Crisp on the crust. We'll definitely be back.OMG the Pizza is amazing. My wife topped hers with a pesto sauce that made it incredible. Great value and great pie.Fast, Build Your Own Pizza, Cheap....not
much to say -- Fast and Cheap doesn't equal good.  Absolutely the worst pizza crust in New Orleans.  The server said "It's like Subway."Went in for a vegan pizza.  Made it up myself. Turned out so good, I made another to take to work.Wow!
Incredible Pizza, the pizza is so good each pizza could feed just one person. We got the Margherita with pepperoni and the plain garlic drizzle! The sale we ordered was out, but the roasted veggie was good. Only thing you could improve on is to make sure the delivery driver (post mates) has forks and napkins. Other than that- YUMMY! Can't wait to come back! So happy right now! Thank you!One of my top pizza places! & my peeps know I love that PIZZA. It's basically like a subway for pizza. You choose your own toppings and there are plenty of options! 
From what I remember, I got feta, basil, Italian sausage and pineapple. It was a weird combo but better than expected. The service was excellent and I also really liked the atmosphere of the place. Reminds me a little of chipotle.Blaze is a new concept that has reached the NOLA scene. You can create your own 11-inch personal pizza and it's ready in 180 seconds! It's very similar to Chipotle or Subway. The menu has a few signature pizzas ready to order for $7.95 and you can customize them by adding more toppings  (including meats!) for no additional charge.
Our pizza makers were especially friendly and helpful. I ordered the Meat Lover's Pizza and added fresh mozzarella, mushrooms, and basil. My fiance ordered the White Top pizza and added chicken, garlic, jalapenos, and spinach. The pizzas were flash-fired within 180 seconds and out came two thin, crispy gourmet pizzas. You can top it off with your sauce of choice. We added olive oil to the Meat Lover and Pesto to the White Top pizza. The crust was thin and crispy but still had a nice bite to it. The pizzas are pretty large considering they are a "personal pizza", but I can probably eat a whole one with no problem if I was hungry enough. 
Next time I'm craving a quick late night bite, I know where I'm going. I love that Blaze opens later than most fast food joints: Monday- Thursday til 10PM and 11PM on the weekends. Also, they serve draft beer! Since my fiance often gets home late from work, we're always looking for late night joints for dinner. Blaze will have to be one of the top on our list now (especially since it's only a few minutes away from our home!).My husband and I and some friends had dinner here Sunday evening. My husband and I shared the Green Stripe and it was really good! The restaurant was crowded but we were able to get a table as someone was leaving as we were picking up our finished pizzas. Service was quick and the food was great. We'd definitely eat her again.Blaze in general is the Chipotle of pizza. It's a bountiful buffet of toppings, waiting to be added to your weird or wonderful creation. The standard crust leaves something to be desired, but it's not terrible. Just neutral.
This location of Blaze seems to be a cheap, easy place for rising 20-somes to grab dinner in the CBD, just steps from their luxury apartment without admitting that they are eating what is basically fast food. The pounding generic rock drowns out the desperation of a disaffected youth growing older and more cracked as the seconds pass. It also drowns out any hope of polite conversation, pushing every exchange into the register of shouts and howls. I don't love it.
The other down-vote I have for this location is that everyone who works here seems miserable. There's no amount of commanding from on high that can make under-paid, over-worked, poorly-managed employees into a happy chorus of Disney-esque dancers that are ready to dazzle and delight just for their own pleasure. I suspect the fault is in management, but really, who am I to be an armchair quarterback about the dehumanization of an entire staff? Yes, exactly. So if you can ignore the whiff of despondency that pervades the staff, Blaze is fine.
It's just fine. 
Accessibility notes: doors open out. Medium counter with high sneeze guard. Loud music. Lights can be dim. No Braille menu or signage. Drink fountain is high for seated guests.When my crew of 5 gets hungry after a morning of playing tourists, we need to eat quick!  At Blaze you can build your own healthy, thin-crust pizza for $8 or get a simple $5 pizza and have it ready to eat in 180sec.  That's the Blaze promise and they don't disappoint!  The garlic pesto sauce and the classic red sauce are both amazing.  Fresh ingredients and fast and courteous service make this a place we'll revisit and highly recommend to all visiting NOLA. If you've been to Zoe's Kitchen, this is a comparable healthy (and less expensive) pizza alternative.  Well done, Blaze!  You done goodUpon first try, I thought Blaze was impressive mass produced pizza.  Maybe it still can rise to that quality when dining in, but after getting take-out (with a less than five minute walk) straight out of the oven, the crust was soft doughy and thicker than I remembered.  It was so unimpressive that I'm not likely to try it again.The pizza was super undercooked! Which is sad because I love this place! The Feret location is always on point this was my first time at that location and I think it's safe to say I wont be back! Service was good though!So awesome to have found this place great concept great prices and great food.  Highly recommend this if your in the mood for pizza the staff at this particular location in New Orleans was very pleasant and polite!!!We LOVED this place!! We were new to the idea and fell in love instantly when we found out we can put as much cheese on our pizza as we wanted. Super helpful and friendly staff and the pizza tasted amazing. We want one in our hometown!One of the few consistently good takeout options in downtown New Orleans. Love the unlimited plethora of toppings and the salads are really good and reasonably priced too. I come here at least twice a week for lunch and sometimes dinner. Staff are always friendly, accommodating and keep the place cleanWas disappointed. The bottom of all 4 pizzas we ordered were burnt! I think they have the oven up to high and burn the bottoms before the toppings are done. Too bad, we were looking forward to some good pizza. We've been to a similar pizza place called Pie Ology and there is no comparison.Love being able to make my own personalized pizza at Blaze! The service is quick and the staff is friendly. I also like the simple and clean décor. As for the pizza, I love that there is a wide variety of sauces and toppings (even vegan cheese, for those for are lactose intolerant). 
I like to pile my pizza with garlic pesto, fresh mozzarella cheese, Italian sausage, peperoni, basil, roasted garlic, mushrooms and arugula! Plus side - there's no limit to the number of toppings!  
If you're not in the mood to build your own, they also have a selection of pizzas with prefix toppings. Highly recommend this pizza joint for lunch / dinner!Relatively new establishment in an upcoming neighborhood. Still pretty much a hidden secret! It has quickly become my go to pizza place. Blazing fast service, premium ingredients, cheap price. 7.95 for whatever ingredients you want. Portion size is perfect for my appetite so I don't have to share my pizza with anyone. It was soooo good in fact that after the first time I went there I had to go there a couple more times as I was craving it.
Simply put its a "Pizza Experience". 
*Note: I am usually stingy with my ratings.From the day this spot opened, I was in love. Never had a bad experience here. Lines move quick, pizza comes out quicker, and the product is just tremendous. Best quick-meal option in the city.Food was okay. Their online ordering is a mess. When I called to place my order over the phone after 30 minutes of frustration, they said they didn't take orders over the phone. My husband went in and ordered the food. Needless to say, we will not be back.Yelp Invite...This my first time here I have to say incredible, when I first walked in I was greeted and was told how my Pizza was going be created and I get to choose any topping Alright..as per my picture Pizza was different but so Delicious and I use there barbecue sauce to dip my first slice Pizza Yummy..I'm definitely come back on weekends when I'm off work so I can bring my family !!!!We are from out of town and we're excited to see a healthier pizza option at Blaze. Believe me when I say I would have not given any stars if I could. We just left after the young girl at the counter was not very helpful even after we stated that this was our first time and would need assistance ordering. She made us feel as if we were bothering her when we asked for assistance and salad sizes. So very disappointed in the lack of service. Good luck staying in business especially with so many other options around and very close by.I'll be the first to admit that I am not a huge fan of the "wood fired" pizza trend that seems to be sweeping the city. What I usually get is pizza with crust that is cooked to different consistencies and that just doesn't do it for me.
This place is basically a Chipotle for pizza. You get in line, tell the people making your pizza what you want, they throw it in the oven and it's cooked in about 3 minutes.
I stopped in for lunch and it was a weekend, so the line was pretty long. I got in line and after deciding on the "meat eater", I ordered, added a few extras (veggies) and, as promised, it cooked quickly.
Here's my complaint: the crust (what they call their regular crust, not thin crust) is really thin. It's almost too thin and if you have too much "stuff" on your pizza, it's not going to stay on there. My other complaint is that the crust just lacks flavor to me. It's pre-made, so I don't know if it comes from a package, but it just doesn't have any kick to it. Finally, what makes pizza good (in my opinion) is when it gets a chance to bake and all of the ingredients get a chance to cook into the crust and kind of meld together. That doesn't happen when a pizza is cooked in only 3 minutes.
A lot of people seem to dig this place but it just isn't my style and I will stick to some other pizza places around town.Shockingly...the pizza I just had at Blaze ranks among the best pizza I've ever eaten. And General Manager JB is not only a stellar artist creating his pizza masterpieces, but he's a ROCK STAR of guest service, as well. If you want quick, easy, inexpensive, and DELICIOUS pizza, Blaze can't be beat.My brother and I had the BOGO deal so we decided to try this place out. Let me begin by saying I like my pizza SAUCY. If you are the same, I wouldn't recommend coming here BUT the staff was sooo welcoming and friendly that I think this place deserves some kind of credit. 
I feel there are too many workers. Each worker has a station of putting maybe 2-3 items on your pie and you move on to the next worker. I can't complain because they are making things easier for me. Moving onto the food.
The pizza was mehhhh... didn't have any flavor. I had the chicken with white sauce and my brother had the meat lovers. Location is great for people on a time limit for lunch in the CBD.Blaze is OK.  This store is NOT!  I'm taking 10 minutes out of my vacation to write a review to warn you not to go to this store.  The three staff I dealt with ordering a pizza had no idea what they were doing.  The order taker had no idea how to write down a create your own pizza on the preprinted paper, so he wrote a novel.  The pizza maker just asked me what I wanted to he wouldn't have to read it.  I only had to repeat my sauce, cheese and two toppings about 4 times.  The best though was the pizza cooker burning my pizza.  The restaurant STUNK of burnt pizza and the thought never occurred to me that I should check my pizza.  By the time I got back to the hotel - too late.  You have been warned.Prep Time:  quick
Prices:  affordable prices. I picked up a "simple pie" for less than $6. 
Service: Pretty good! We went pretty late in the evening and there weren't many other patrons. It was easy to grab a seat and the owner was pretty attentive.Really good pizza, really fast service and really nice staff. We had Blaze Pizza for the first time when visiting New Orleans and I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was and how fresh the ingredients were. Try it!First time! Love Love Love! Friendliness.. clean!
& delicious! Please open a Blaze in Metairie!Friedly staff, good pizza, at an amazing price. Wish I had one of these where I live. Will come back when in Nola.We had the WORST experience here last night. We wanted to grab a bite before a concert and this was the place with the least amount of people. That should've been a sign. 
The girl making the pizza was MESSY. I'm talking cheese and ingredients getting thrown in and mixed up all over the counter. Gross. 
We paid and I had to ask for my beer 4 times before the girl gave it to me. Our pizza was warm, at best. Our dough knots were not made and when we finally got them, they were black. 
I had to ask for my salad 3 times. When I got that, I had to ask for dressing and wait another 5 minutes. The lettuce in my salad was brown. I didn't even eat it after waiting so long because it looked disgusting. 
Service was awful, no one cares. I asked for a manager and spoke with Evan, who is not a manager, and he said that he hoped next time my experience was better. NEXT TIME?  There's no way I'll ever step foot in this place again.Love this place! The food is awesome and inexpensive. Such a great pizza concept. And it's the best customer service in town! Destiny is always smiling and always remembers my name. She's awesome!! Would highly recommend this place!The crust was severely burned. The taste was sub par. It was hands down the worst pizza I've ever had.A Subway approach to pizza but with much better results.  Walk in and decide if you want pizza or salad.  No one comes here to eat salad, so kick rocks.  Order from 8 different specialty pizzas or build your own with anything you want on your 10" dough disc for only $7.95.  Topics go on sparingly as you select what you want and someone builds your pizza in Subway fashion.  In 180 seconds your pizza is done perfectly crispy and delicious and without much sauce, but I like less sauce. There are only so many novel ideas when it comes to making a pizza, but 3 minutes for a delicious fresh thin crust might be just that.This may be my favorite pizza spot.
The price and quantity alone are what sells this as my favorite.
Around $10 you can have a pizza with unlimited toppings and a drink.
We ordered a spicy tomato base with both dry and wet mozzarella, Pepperoni's, chorizo and pineapples with hints of jalepenos.
The crust is thin and the flop on the pizza is good.
Overall, this is my go to pizza for when I'm in a time crunch or needing a munch.Terrible terrible customer service! I am so disappointed in this place. Today's youth seem to have no manners . Decided to check this place out after the saints game . It was not that packed but they had a good little crowd going. So I got in line, waited about 10 minutes, waiting to be attended to and finally when I got to the front of the line the girl completely ignored me and went to the next person. Clearly the person who was supposed to first do their job and I guess ask me what kind of crust I wanted was nowhere to be found. INSTEAD of the girl (with the long hair and ponytail ) trying to help me after She directed me to the end of the line (once again) after I told her no one was there she still continued to help others. I HAVE NO IDEA what kind of place you're running with these young kids and no manners but this is unacceptable. I consider myself to be a foodie(you can check out my profile) and i will be sure to let everyone that I know know not to come here. So please contact me thanks so much!The worst pizza I have ever eaten....it was like plastic, I even got sick! Never againSo I go to blaze pizza to pick up lunch. I walk through the door and they immediately flag me down to go to another door. I walk around the building, don't see an entrance and call to see where I need to go. He says "oh I thought you were making a delivery" . I have on a button down, khakis and loafers. Never going back.I was in last week after a hectic day. I did a build your own and got shredded Mozz, Ovaline Mozz, roasted garlic, sauteed onions, regular sauce, artichokes, and ricotta, with just a bit of balsamic glaze. I love cheese, obviously and I've had similar pizzas before, but this concoction was absolutely the best pizza I've ever had. It was even better than my previous favorite from a small pizzeria in Boston. The balsamic glaze can be a bit strong, but it's easy to mop it up a bit with a napkin. I love Blaze, they are fast, fun, give me full choice and most of all, it tastes great. I'd give them even more stars if I could. The manager was there and he was working the line like everyone else.  Every employee was friendly and willing to put any combination without raising an eyebrow. It was very clean, and of course, crowded, but it's a fun atmosphere. I highly recommend Blaze and look forward to more when I'm back in New Orleans.I was turned on to this business while visiting family in Florida.  I couldn't tell you how excited I was when I found out that there was one in Louisiana. (although I would be even more excited if there was one in Baton Rouge)  The business is pizza based on a subway (or izzos) concept.  You pick out your dough (regular or gluten free), choose your sauce, cheeses, meats, veggies, and seasonings.  To build your own pizza, unlimited toppings generally speaking, is $7.95.  If you just want a one topping pizza it is $6.95 and a cheese pizza is $5.  All the pizzas are 11 inches, so it is big enough to share if you just want a little bit or small enough to eat by yourself if you are hungry.  They also offer a few salad options, but we did not explore those since we were in the mood for pizza.  
Once you add all your toppings they bring it over to this open faced, wood burning, oven and cook your pizza for a couple of minutes.  You can ask them to cook it longer, but with the thin crust it pretty much comes out perfect unless you add a bunch of toppings.  Then you should have it cooked a couple of mins more so that the crust isn't soggy.
Overall flavor is awesome!  I like to get the spicy red sauce on my pizza and then cover it with the meats.   It has a kick to it that keeps your nose running, but man is it so good!  The staff is pretty awesome too, there were about 7 people working the counter when we visited, at about 7pm, and they were all very cheerful and happy to help and explain how the concept worked.
A+I've eaten here a bunch of times and its almost always been really good. It's also very fast and inexpensive. However I have had a few bad experiences - one time I ordered a pizza through Doordash (so I didn't watch them make it in front of me) and asked for ranch as one of the "finishes" offered. I assumed this would be like a drizzle of ranch, but when it was delivered my pizza was literally COVERED in ranch. It was disgusting and I have no idea why they put that much on - like even if you love ranch you would have thought it was really gross because it was just way too much. I tried to kind of wipe some off but the pizza was pretty much inedible. Also I wouldn't recommend getting the grilled chicken as a topping - I got it once and it was super rubbery and flavorless.Running all over town on business and we need a snack. 
Blaze pizza to the rescue!
Staff immediately greets you with big smiles. 
Call out your dough. We chose high rise.
Then sauce, cheeses (add extra cheeses for flavor!)
Our toppings were simple this time.  
Grab a seat, and so fast out the oven.
My son and I bonded over a quick hot snack.  
It was blazing with every bite and I'd forgotten what a fun experience this is.  
Special Yelp check in offer at this location, which I had to save because I checked in way late after we sat down (all the better to check in right away to take advantage of yelp perks) and we were pressed for time.
I bet this place can get packed, but there were lots of seats and this city is known for sharing and caring.  Come say hello and sit down! I'll share my table with y'all anytime!First and for most, I really enjoy Blaze. I'm only writing this review to warn others. The quality of the pizza is not up to standard as the one on Freret. 1. The atmosphere is horrible. The employees seem to never want to help you. 2.  I asked for high rise dough and didn't receive it. 3. This isn't the first time this happened at this location, I just chose now to speak up. Like I said, I really enjoy Blaze just not from this location.Our meal was really cheap and fresh and it was awesome best pizza I've had so far in New OrleansI've been coming to blaze since its grand opening. It's almost like a chipotle or subway where you get to personalize your meal. I love thin pizzas and for about $7-8 for a personal pizza (I usually can't eat the whole thing and take home left overs)...it's a steal. Pizza is fast. Service is quick and friendly. You will probably be asked how's everything and if you need anything. 
Love the ovalini mozzarella and I had no idea ricotta was so tasty in pizza. You can get ANYTHING you're craving that day. I had a friend get every veggie possible. Spicy sauce has a delish kick to it.This place is delicious! I first went to Blaze pizza with friends when we were at MechaCon across the street. Now, I go here every year during MechaCon because it is so delicious!
The crust is so much better than what you'll get from other pizza places. All of the ingredients look nice and fresh on the line. Then seeing your pizza bubble and melt in the oven behind the workers is great.
I'll definitely keep coming here.I've never felt the need to review a place until now...buyer beware, don't ever use the app unless you want your money taken, no pizza, and the rudest store managers who can't even give you a number for corporate to tell you they're not wrong and blame it on someone else.
Ordered a pizza via the Blaze app, apparently Door Dash showed and the manager told them he was 'too busy in the store's to make an order. Got the cancellation notice, thought something was wrong, so I ordered again (which is obviously where I went wrong). Get a notice after that that says Door Dash on the way (now, note, that all this was an order in the Blaze app, not even the Door Dash app, it just tells you when you choose delivery 'third party delivery'). So I'm thinking will is well, until the Door Dash tracker they sent me shows delivered. It says if you have problems after that to call the store. I call and the manager says they never took a pizza, it's sitting on the counter, you can come get it. WHAT?! Why would I want to one, come pick up a pizza when I had it delivered and two, want a pizza that's been sitting for thirty minutes on a counter. I said I don't want that, I want a refund and he argues with me for twenty minutes that he couldn't help, I had to talk to Door Dash. I said I have no clue how you even get in touch with them (because again, I bought the pizza FROM BLAZE), and asked him to let me speak to a district manager, or please give me their number if you won't help, or asked for even a corporate number. Refused to help with either so I hung up with no refund and am hoping this review gets my money back or at least warns others of using their system. 
When a restaurant that's a chain can't give you a district manager number or corporate number, you know they're trying to hide their own butt at that point. Beyond shady and horrible business practice.Location is great, service is super friendly, but this pizza was just ok. I wanted to go because so many of my friends raved about it. I was disappointed at the quality. I'd go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.The staff is always friendly and helpful. They do not skimp on the toppings and the toppings are always fresh. Don't be dismayed by a long line; it moves quickly. Great little pizza joint in the CBD.I was disappointed in this pizza for several reasons.First the service was not educated on their own menu. I ordered a linked in pizza with bell pepper,grilled onion and olives.I got olives and jalepenos.I was not aware who even was preparing my pizza and when I mentioned that was not what I ordered they told me it was too late too late.The restaurant changed the toppings on this pizza but the menu did not reflect the change. They barely cooked my pizza in the oven. Rhe pizza was soggy, the jalepenos were not fresh,and caused the pizza to taste like vinegar. I was very dissatisfied and disappointed in my service because when I complained no one seemed to care.It seems that there was no one in charge so they can get away with rude behavior and poor service. I would rather spend more money at a restaurant that prepared a better pizza the way I ordered it. So sad because I love wood fired pizza.There is a lot to like about this pizza, and I did.  It's fast, it's inexpensive, and it's made exactly the way you want because you get to supervise the entire operation.  It's also pretty darn good!
Blaze is kind of like the "Subway," or "Chipotle" of Pizza, except they only serve one size - 12", (can be thick crust, "raised" crust, or Gluten Free - your choice, same price). You come in, you order, and then you follow your pizza down the assembly line adding whatever you want at no additionl charge.  At the end of the line, you can pick up beverages, and a salad before you pay while they take your pizza, and pop it in the oven.  They aren't kidding when they say it is "fast fired."  It takes three minutes, (180 seconds), and the pizza will be right back at you.  Don't worry about any lines.  The system works so well, and they have enough employees, there is hardly ever much of a wait except for people to decide what they want on their pizza.  
The things I liked about this restaurant are: 1) Good, healthy choices, (or not, if you so decide), 2) A good, fair price for a really good pizza, 3)  Fast, courteous service.  They really seem to want to please. 
The things I did not like about this restaurant are:  1) Yes, it heats up fast, but it cools down fast, too.  2)  The walls are very hard, reflect noise, and can make it sound louder in there than it actually is, 3)  They say the address is on O'Keefe, and it is, but that address is for the entire "building" they are in.  O'Keefe runs sort of southwest to northeast.  The restaurant is located along Girod Street on the southwest side of the building.  
The Central Business District is a good place to dine if you are in the French Quarter, and walking around.  They call it the "CBD," but it's where most of the office workers in the area take lunch, so they have to be fast, and affordable.  O'Keefe is the CBD extension of "Burgundy" in the Quarter, just one block east, (River side), of Rampart.  The restaurant is located on Girod Street between O'keefe and Rampart.  It's a little bit of walk, but that $7.95 you pay for a pizza here will only buy you a slice or two of "pre-made" pizza in the French Quarter.  Restaurants in the CBD tend to open later, and close earlier.  This one opens at 10:30 a.m. Monday through Friday, and closes at 10:00 p.m.  On Saturday and Sunday, they stay open as long, but open 1/2 hour later.Since we had the Yelp event here, i think have eaten at least five Blaze pizzas. I order the same thing everytime because I am boring (red sauce, ricotta, mozz, roasted garlic) but everytime it is insanely good. 
The za comes out in like 4 minutes and it is awesome.
The restaurant has a great friendly vibe and I would recommend this place to anyone that likes pizza.
Plus...they deliver!Good pizza and good value. Only 4 starts because the staff seem peeved off and :/ 
I work a similar job so I get it but it still was uncomfortableThey are very stingy with  cheese, when asked for extra they only put a little more and gave a rude stare.This is the BEST pizza I have ever eaten! When you first walk in, a staff member welcomed me with a 'hello!' And then asked if we were first time customers. Being that it was, he explained to different prices and how you can customize your own pizza. Able to add unlimited toppings to your pizza was AMAZING because you can make it however you like! 
After choosing from many toppings, the pizza was carried and placed in the fire for about 3 minutes and it was done! The pizza was crispy and hot and everything I liked. 
I will DEFINITELY come back again and I recommend it to everyoneI've been to places with similar concepts like PieFive, but Blaze Pizza blows them out of the water. Fresh ingredients, speed, and plentiful parking options (including a lot behind the building) make Blaze an ideal stop for lunch or dinner.
Despite all the great things Blaze has to offer that I mentioned above, the best part about Blaze is that the customer service is off the chain. It's more than just grabbing a pizza - employees are happy to see you when you come through the door, and are invested in having great interactions with customers.
This particular visit my pizza was made by Niqua - she was friendly, receptive to my needs, and did an awesome job in building my pizza.
Overall Blaze is a place I would highly recommend for anyone looking for fresh ingredients, great people, and good value!I am an executive chef at a big restaurant group in new orleans so i get pizza a lot so i heard about this place and my thoughts were not good the staff was amazing but i got it to go and when i got home i could have fried chicken with the grease that came from this pizza and it was 
a soggy mess 
its not a to go kind of pizza . the pizza sauce and its flavor and most important the size is just silly there is a dominoes across the street and midway down the street i would recommend going there if I am saying dominoes is better then that is  bad enough i will never get any food from this place again  its not for nolaFirst time in but, it definitely won't be my last. I  opted for the build your own this time.
Mozzarella, feta, pepperoni, meatballs, bacon, mushrooms, banana peppers, bell peppers, ROASTED GARLIC, and a dash of oregano to taste. Lollllll yea I took the challenge seriously.
It was delicious though! Fresh, light, loved the thin crust and it came out Uber fast.
Having it made right then and there, you can modify as you go it was great! 
To drink I had the frequently recommended Blood Orange it was bomb.
Open floor plan, ample seating, even a few outside tables. Good casual place to chat it up with friends if an extensive bar selection isn't a requirement. Fyi; they do have Beer and wine.
The manager Shondricka introduced herself and asked about my food experience. Very friendly and her staff reflects that.
I'll probably become a regular. Hey I love pizza and did I mention ROASTED GARLIC. Lol
Next time I stop in I'll try one of their specialty pizzas or maybe a salad.Workers were rude and Lit Pizza in Baton Rouge tastes way better. Blaze's employees were terribly selfish with the ingredients. My cheese pizza (hence the name) had more sauce than cheese. When I asked one of the workers for more cheese, a smart remark was made. Ridiculous. Be prepared for rude workers & flies in your chicken..BYOP? What is this BYOP you speak of?
Bring your own parade? NO!
Build your own pirate? NO!
Bring Your Own puppy? NO! 
Bring your own pop (as in soda, not pop as in your father, do bring your father)? NO!
Bring your own pork chop? NO!
Bring your own popcorn? NO! 
Bring your own popscicle? NO! 
Build Your Own Pizza? YES!
I first encountered Blaze Pizza a couple of years ago, the location in the CBD. I was impressed. But, about this location. It is along a busy section of Freret, filled with all sorts of shops, restaurants and stores. A very popular area. You walk in, and are at the head of the line. This is like the Subway of pizza places. You decide the type of pizza from a standard menu, or you can pick and choose your toppings as you go. You get to the end, they put your pizza in the brick oven, you pay, get your beverage of choice, and get a seat. They will call your name when your pizza is ready. Too cool! My first visit, the interior was neat and clean. The music was a bit loud in my opinion.
My second visit, I got a meat lovers pizza and a brownie warmed up. Both were awesome. But, they wrote down the wrong name on the order and belittled me for not responding in a timely manner.
Despite all of the cool aspects of this franchise, there are some bad things. Because of the noise levels, it is difficult to hear the employees as you are building your pizza. I am not sure if they are attempting to make the customer speak louder or what, but having to ask them to repeat themselves is unpleasant. Also, they will misspell your name on your order (much like Starbucks does) and then belittle you for not hearing the name being called when the pizza is done cooking. I wouldn't necessarily say that the cost is cheap, but the ingredients do seem to be fresh. The quality of food and the clean restaurant are noteworthy. But, in the end, I'm just not sure that this is the greatest thing ever. If I am in the area, I will stop in. If not, then I am not going to go out of my way to come here to eat.
There is a free parking lot in back for customers. There are handicapped ramps, as in two of them. This is on a popular area of Freret Street, filled with neat shops, stores and restaurants, very much an up and coming area of neat things.Ordered online for the first time and first time trying blaze pizza. Awesome experience the staff is super friendly and helpful. Pizza turned out great too! They also have Abita on draft! Def will come here again. Place is nice and new and clean!Tasty pizza with a lot of customization options and fair prices. Also, all of their ingredients seem fresh and delicious despite the assembly line setup. Great staff, too!I just want to give a shout out to the staff at Blaze on Freret. They are unfailingly polite and friendly.  They even remember my name though I eat there less than once a month.. the pizza is tasty and inexpensive and the selection of toppings is good. The staff more than makes up for any problems with the foodThe best individual pizza ever!!! The prices are great and they have Kalmata olives. It's definitely better than Dominoes. They're so fast!! And they have better topping options than any other fast food pizza joint.We come to blaze every Sunday. Santa and the Elf (i think their real names are Chris and Steven) ALWAYS hold it down. Super nice staff, best pizza around, always made with love. Thanks guys!Gosh!! I really love Blaze! I went for the first time for Yelp's BYOP event last year and knew it wouldn't  be my last time. 
The staff is uber friendly, the ingredients are all fresh, and I love how the dough is shaped right in front of you! Blaze has a no frills policy. The pizza is set basically at a fixed cost. You don't have to pay extra for toppings. They also have vegan cheese for no extra cost, #winning. 
You're greeted upon entry every single time, and the employees and professional. I'm really happy that the pizza comes at an affordable price, and I can't get over the freshness of the ingredients!This location's closing hour is 2AM on Friday & Saturday so I literally want to know why my boyfriend walked in at 1:20ish & got refused service cause it was "slow". Don't corporate locations close at a set time not at a random hour just because it's "slow". The staff is AWFUL by the way, "tip us & we'll serve you" is literally what was said. Aren't you paid to serve people during your shift? I'm so confused and baffled at their behavior. I would give this place zero stars if that was an option.To be honest, I was disappointed by my pizza.  I ordered a make-your-own and loaded it spicy sauce, pesto around the rim, fresh mozzerella and goat cheese, and all of my favorite veggies, including roasted and minced garlic and fresh basil.  Although it should have been a flavor explosion, my pizza was shockingly bland.  I still can't figure it out. The crust was lovely and crisp but after 3 slices I asked for a takeaway box because I just didn't care for more.  It wasn't bad (and at $8.25 for a make-your-own pizza with unlimited toppings it's a great deal) but it was also not as good as I was expecting.  I would certainly go back as it's a good deal for a whole pizza, but if their prices raise I think that would be it for me.  Overall, it was decent but not spectacular in a city with some great pizza joints.This is a tale of two parts for this review, the 1st part is the business model. They have a great concept and it 100% fits in with what our society wants and likes. They offer fast and fresh pizzas with as many toppings as you can think of at a very good price. They do a excellent job of following through on their model, I can see why this place is growing in popularity.
The 2nd part is the taste of the product, to me it was average mostly and not a pizza I would choose if I have other options. The crust is just okay, the sauce isn't too flavorful, and the cheese blend is just okay. It reminds me of a pizza that I had on my college campus that was made to order that didn't stand out that much. I feel the same way here, it's fast but doesn't really stand out for me. The convenience is the selling point if anything for me. The model is great, but the product needs to be better.Extremely good pizza. Great ingredients. Even when it's packed the line moves quick and the pizzas are flying out of the oven, so don't get discouraged when you see a long line. Many different options and they have a few different beers on tap. A wide assortment of topping. Great customer service they always greet with a smile. Great price point! The root beer is also to die for! 10/10 would recommend.-Beware of 35 minute waits during busy hours
-Pizza was great
-Short staffed
-felt bad for the staff which consisted of only 3 to only 2 workers during Rush hour
-Burnt the Smore cookie
-offered complimentary drink for the long wait
Conclusion " Would not come again unless it's slow day"I love blaze food is always good , shout-out to Steven he is an amazing worker and makes sure your order is correct!!!I love the concept of being able to build your own pizza. They have some pizzas that you can choose from or you can choose to build your own for one price. You walk down the line to put the sauce, cheese and toppings on your pizza then in less than 5 minutes, you're eating. The pizza is a good size too, and they have sauces you can put on top for extra flavoring.  I'd definitely eat here again.As they say, "Perception is reality". On a consistent basis, I've found myself step into the doors of Blaze Pizza and not be greeted in a proper manner. This is partly due to the fact that it's usually filled with people trying to get something to eat rather quickly because that's what this company prides themselves on. It's almost as if the workers are enraged because it's fairly close to closing time and there's still people coming in. Well, that's not the patrons' problem in the least bit. As you step up the counter to make your decision, they ask "Whatchu gettin?" Not, "how are you...how may I help you...etc." it's gotten sadder and sadder each time I've been there...from management to the taller guy with the dreads, who was wearing the dirtiest Nike Slippers on the clock. At the time I walked in most recently, this was the third night in a row that they'd run out of dough, so they informed me and one other guy who had been disappointed for the second straight night. What's sadder is that they were so busy trying to close the place down an hour early that they didn't even think to offer the guy a "gluten-free" option, which they offered me after I pressed the issue. The younger girl who was initially prepping the dough for me was absolutely ridiculous and was talking to me like we went to grade school together or we were family, so I asked to have the other guy prep my pizza. I don't recall her name but this was February 25th at night. She then proceeded to the dining area to put to go boxes together while being sarcastic because I told her I didn't want her prepping my food. Not to mention that they didn't even have chicken so I could get the BBQ chicken pizza...so I suggested turkey meatballs, which they also didn't have so I had to get Italian meatballs. Upon making selections, 2 other black ladies come in and are informed there's no more dough and i had to make them aware of the gluten free option but when she saw how scattered all the ingredients were behind the glass, she confronted them about it and was turned off so she left, specifically saying that there was ham inside of the pineapple bin. So, I make my way to the register towards the "manager" at the register and her head is down writing something with headphones in her ear. I probably waited for 3 minutes before she realized I was standing there, eventually saying "Oh, I ain't even know you was right there. You shoulda said something." Prior to that, she's forgotten to give the precious guy his brownie before he left the building. I then ask for a brownie and asked for it to be warmed and the big dude with the dreads grabs one and warms it without telling her so she also does the same thing. Her response to him was "why do stupid ass ain't say nothing?" There's another young lady who was acting like she was sweeping the place but really just passing time and complaining while on her phone, which the manager, Niqua, had to tell her several times to put the phone down before eventually having to take it out of her hand. The young lady, "Muffin" then starts complaining about how she's leaving on time tonight, saying "F*ck this job, I ain't staying here late tonight, girl." They go back and forth several times and eventually the light skin dude with the tattoos comes from the back complaining too. What's even sadder is that when I did get my food, I went to sit down to eat for a minute and I could tell that made them upset. I did that on purpose to see their reaction. While I'm eating, I witness three white folks walk in, a family of three and I could tell that now they felt the need to tighten up and act a little more professional for whatever reason. Of course, there was still the cursing going on but not half as much as when I was up there. Watching that take place, I damn near lost my appetite and walked out and saved my food for later. It's amazing to see how we treat each other based off of preconceived notions of others, but we act in a desired manner for "others". We pick and choose when we want to be professional, rather than allowing ourselves to flourish in our current role. I'd given Blaze several chances to make better impression as but this place is a travesty and unprofessional in all ways imaginable. For such great food and reputation elsewhere, it's sad they this location is absolute trash. In all honesty, they just need to clean house with every employee that's on staff...each one of them are allergic to greeting and smiling I guess. They deserve to be exactly where they are right now...at Blaze Pizza. I don't see myself going to this location any further moving forward.Love the made to order concept with unlimited toppings for your build your own option!The toppings are always fresh, and you can pile on as many as you'd like. The price is so reasonable, you can't get a pizza with this many fresh toppings for this price anywhere else in NOLA! Always friendly and patient while I go through the process of making decisions very slowly!3.75/5 value y'all, value.
so you're not going to make a pizza with every possible ingredient on it? uh, ok. i am, or at least get close to that. this obvs is catering to a student crowd, but since i still have the health habits of my younger self, i think this works. 
it's a sizeable space if you choose to dine in, and there's a lot in the back for off-street parking, since we know freret can be busyyy. i'll typically swing by if it's later into the evening and i am seeking a solid (read: gluttonous) meal for about $10 post-tip.
service may vary since it seems like they do have a rotating crew of pizza makers, but they will make it right to your specs (or remake it, per my one experience where they forgot to take my pizza out of the oven...oops!). 
[red sauce, maybe white, chicken, maybe bacon, spinach, red bell pepper, ovalini and mozz, mushroom, garlic, kalamata, oregano, lots of arugula!]I didn't want to love this place. But I love this place. The employees are friendly, the choices are limitless and the pizza is good. I downloaded the app so Blaze basically owns me now. Saying forever goodbyes to my diet dreams and I'm totally okay with that.I love Blaze! I'm a college student who eats plant-based, and Blaze is one of the few pizza restaurants that offers vegan cheese. Blaze is convenient, fast, reliable, cheap, very filling, delicious, relatively healthy, and the staff is very friendly. They have an app available which rewards you with free food after earning a set amount of "flames" (aka transactions), so I would recommend downloading it if you frequently eat there. In terms of eating plant-based there, some of the employees offer a glove change (after touching animal products to avoid cross-contamination), but others don't, so I would love to see that become more standardized, as it's kind of uncomfortable to ask. I would also love to see a vegan sausage option available, as I believe Blaze does offer at other locations. Regardless, I have been countless times since it's opening, and will happily continue to return for the best plant-based pizza option in New Orleans.Love the place. I love the fact that your pizza is made in front of you, as you pick your toppings. The crust is thin, which works for me because you don't feel stuffed after you finish your meal. The sauces, cheeses, and all the other toppings are fresh.  THUMBS UP FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND FOOD..My husband and I shared a BYOP and checked in to get two free garlic knots. With two drinks everything came out to $15. Super cheap and great tasting pizza. I had my doubts when I came in bc no one can outdo a NY pizza, but they are up there.Service was not the best. The pizza came out okay. I've been here before and the pizza came out so good. The crust was thin just how I like it, but this time is was a little bit thicker and the pizza was not really cooked all the way. I got BBQ chicken but I barely tasted either one... I will come back to give them another try. It is also in a convenient place - right next to halal guys, dat dot, dominos, etc.Worst service ever we were the first customers and they gave out 6 orders before us when the place was empty when we arrived and it took them 50 minutes. Awful service would give 0 stars if I couldIt was my first time at this location.  Greeted as soon as we walked in.  They were so helpful with our food allergies and restrictions.. the pizza came out delicious and the coconut agua Fresca was wonderful. They have parking in the back and opened late. I'll be back for sure.Pizza and Salad was great.  Extremely fast as well.
Floor was very dirty with miscellaneous trash noticeably all over including the steps and entry way.  Tables had not been wiped prior to or the entire hour we were dining, even though with the fast service time table turnover is pretty quick.  Leaving the cleanliness of your restaurant up to the customers is not sustainable.I was first introduced to this Blaze location through a Yelp gathering and David and I recently returned for dinner.
I'm sure you know how Blaze works, so I won't bore you with the details, but it's basically a "build your own" pizza place. We were here on a Friday evening and while it wasn't too crazy, service was a bit slow because the workers were taking dine-in orders as well as trying to make pizzas that were ordered over the phone and via their app. The process took a little longer than usual, but that's okay. Once the lady took my order I was moved through the line quickly, the pizza was cooked fast and I was enjoying my pie in no time.
This is a great spot if you're in the mood for a quick pizza fix that's a bit on the healthier side (thin crust and you can put whatever you want on it). This isn't the place to come if you dislike kids- there are a lot of them running around at any given time. It's also, understandably, a big college hangout so get your food to go if you don't want to be surrounded by folks under 20.Great News!   Blaze Pizza is finally open at 5001 Freret Street across from Dat Dog!  Fresh house-made dough. Prepared from scratch daily. 24-hour fermentation period. Signature light-as-air, crisp crust. Artisanal ingredients that keep it real, without artificial colors, preservatives. One Blazing hot oven + one dedicated pizzasmith + 180 seconds = fast-Fire'd perfection. Lots of fun energy! Happens to be there Grand Opening Day! Seeing lots of college students as they said they were having a fundraiser for Loyola University's Honors Program!  Had a Build My Own Pizza and a kale,quino, & cranberries (vegan) salad! Yum! They have Gluten Free crust and vegan cheese! Lots of yummy veggies, alligator sausage, muffuletta olive salad as a topping to identify with the locals! Can't wait to try their local draft beer next visit!This place is absolutely beautiful! I got a chance to meet the owners and they were very nice. I use to love Pizza Hut pizza, but when I was turned on to Blaze, well the rest is history. If you want great pizza and build it your way, Blaze is the place.I'm going to start with I absolutely love every other location of blaze I've ever been to, but this is the worst customer service I've ever experienced. The downtown location can have a line out the door and get me my pizza within 15-20 minutes. This location had one person in front of me and it took 30 minutes to get a pizza made. We were never greeted. The person making the pizza could not have cared less. No less than 10 groups came in after me and 8 of them walked out the door because it was so slow. I assumed this was a one time thing, maybe new staff, so I gave the location another shot and it was worse. This time it took 40 minutes to get my pizza that ended up being burnt. No apologies offered for the burned pizza. They also mixed up the pizzas and tried to give me somebody else's pizza. The worst part is the girl with me has an actual gluten allergy, which she told them, and they took the gluten free pizza off of its tray when cooking and tried to give that to her. Luckily I saw what they did and had them remake it. I don't understand how the same owner can have such an amazing blaze downtown and such a poorly run restaurant uptown.Tasty pizza. I'll always prefer thin crust, and this might be as thin as one can get. It won't even break your diet.
They allow you to design your own, choosing your toppings Subway sandwich style. I got a half and half pizza, with veg out for me and hot link for a friend, plus some garlic knots. The pies are small, so we devoured the whole thing in one sitting. 
Only issue I had is their ordering and payment set-up. It seemed somewhat confused/confusing, like it needed some streamlining.Great pizza! I love thin crust and Blaze has quick, fresh-tasting thin crust. I BYO with simple ingredients (sauce, mozz, turkey meatball, mushrooms, oregano) to see how a first-time taste would hold up. It all pulled together quickly (less than 5 minutes in an open fire oven) and was a delicious meal. Price wise reasonable especially when you can add as many toppings as you want without an extra charge. Choices are endless. I may not make the take out box!  And those who prefer thick crust, or gluten free, they got that. Just a salad? They got that. Blaze caters to a variety of tastes. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable of their products. I will definitely return.Love this pizza place in our neighborhood! Place is nice, clean and friendly staffs. You can customize your pizza with toppings of your choice. There is free parking space behind the building so that is another thumbs upI've eaten at the Blaze in Indianapolis and the one in the CBD and loved it. Staff was helpful and food was good. Last week I went to the one on feret and it was disappointing.  The staff was horrible and didn't want to work.  The manager allowed this behavior.  I tried to call the national office and it was impossible to talk to anyone.  Automated and sent to a voice message.Loved Blaze and Niqua was the best!!  She greeted me from start to finish and checked on us throughout our meal!! I will be returning to this location!!Had a great experience with my mom and my two kids.  We all got our own pizza. Each with a little different flare.  I love the pesto sauce on the pizza crust. I did have pesto and a half red sauce.  The staff is very accommodating.  Definitely will go back.I absolutely love Blaze Pizza. The Freret Street location Rocks. Extremely friendly staff, always very clean and the Pizza is always Fresh, Hot and Delicious. The General Manager Chandrika Julien is so awesome. She always has a big welcoming smile on her face and she treats her customers like Family. Thank you so much Chandrika for the amazing job you do at Blaze, you are a true Gem!!!!!!!Never let's me down. Great service (really the friendliest) and quality fresh topics. So many options for the same price and I love that each topping has a calorie count next to it. Nice touch. I haven't made a bad pizza yet.  This newest location has a great outdoor seating area and wifi. Good addition to Freret!!The staff is ignorant and incredibly rude!
I'm only giving this place two stars because my pizza came out ok... My friends pizza however did not come out right at all!  She ordered the green stripe pizza, when it came it it looks like they started to make it and gave up half way through it. No pesto sauce no greens on top just chicken peppers and garlic.  This sounds like such a petty thing to be mad at but when my friend tried to say that was t what she ordered two people behind the counter just said, that's what you ordered sorry... psssh poor management and poor customer service!A fast casual pizza place that does plenty of things right. Notably, they offer unlimited toppings for one (low) price, which even as someone who has no interest in half the toppings always makes me feel better. You can get a one- or no-topping pizza for even cheaper if the build doesn't interest you. They offer online ordering (though their app is somewhat ornery) and seemed to have a pretty smooth process and plenty of people working.
The default pizza is a super-thin crust. You can pay for more crust, which I'm fine with, but do note that the thin one struggles to hold toppings. The topping selection is decent, if not possessing much exciting or unique (notably, vegan cheese is available for those who need it). Mine was palatable, not exceptional, but certainly worth it for what I paid and how long I waited. A brownie (which I got free through some online offer) was soft and delicious.
It struck me as odd that this place is on a stretch of restaurants with at least two other pizza places (which I've also reviewed), but they are all quite different. This one is a nice fast food option, and one that I may return to.Great pizza not the best but still cool I'll say could have been wayyyyyy better great options for toppings but actual taste no better then the dominos across the street lmaoooToday is opening day. I am shocked at how smooth everything went during our visit. Everyone was friendly and the pizza was great. Will definitely be back.Pizza was delicious and it was made fresh and fast! I ordered online and it was ready within 11 minutes. I went to pick it up and the restaurant was very clean and modern. If I wasn't short on time, I would've chosen to eat in instead of taking it out.This is the first and last time I will eat at Blaze.  The staff was very rude and unprofessional.  The GM was at the store and allowed her team to be rude to both me and my kids.  I guess this should have been excepted since it was in New Orleans.  Now I know why we were the only customers at the restaurant.  This location will not make it.This is by far my favorite pizzeria in New Orleans. The pizza is thin crusted and while the menu offers different kinds of pizza orders, you're always free to make your own. There's a toppings bar where they ask you what you would like to add to your pizza before they put it in the oven so that it's personalized to fit your appetite! My first time coming here, I wasn't sure what to choose and someone recommended to me a pesto chicken pizza with white sauce and I fell in love! I'm generally not a big fan of pizza but this place makes me crave pesto chicken pizza on a daily basis.Greeeeaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttt quality and fresh! You cant beat the pricing and fast service. I recommend to all!When my friends would talk about Blaze Pizza coming to NOLA when they were first opening, I had no idea what they were talking about. I was just used to the usual chain pizza places like Domino's or Papa Johns. Blaze Pizza advertised that their pizza would be cooked in 180 seconds and I've heard great things, so I had to give them a try!
When I first walked in, I thought the place looked nice with eager employees ready to help me! I had to figure out how this place worked, since it was my first time at a Blaze Pizza. There was an overhead menu with signature pizzas and other choices, but there were paper menus to Build-Your-Own-Pizza at the beginning of the line. I almost chose the Meat Eater signature pizza, but last minute decided to make my own. Best decision ever! There were only a few toppings on their signature pizzas and you could choose as many toppings as you wanted to build your own, so I wanted to throw everything on my pizza! This might be excessive, but I want to share my BYOP that got me HOOKED. I chose the simple thin crust, with spicy red sauce, parmesan, mozzarella, applewood bacon, crumbled meatballs, grilled chicken, pepperoni, gator sausage, roasted garlic, jalapenos, mushrooms, olives, and spinach. This is almost what I order every time I come, which some variations based on how I feel. After you build your own pizza, they pop it in the oven and you pay at the end of the line. 
The workers are always so nice here and the pizza only takes a few minutes to make! They will call out your name and ask you if you want any additional toppings or drizzles for your pizza. Now onto the pizza. I'm actually a fan of soft and doughy crust, but I am digging their thin crust! It's almost always cooked perfectly with the perfect texture for each bite. I was scared having too many toppings would not be a good combination, but everything I put in was just perfect! The things that really stood out for me was their applewood bacon, gator sausage, roasted garlic, and spicy red sauce. Almost any BYOP I make with these are guaranteed FIRE or should I say BLAZIN'! 
I've been here multiple times and it seriously never disappointed me. Whenever I think of pizza, I think about heading to Blaze Pizza to get my I highly recommend building your own pizza and taking the rest home to enjoy later. You won't have to take too long deciding which pizza to choose to share with your friends, because it is already a reasonably priced option to get your own! I personally prefer this location over the O' Keefe Location. There is usually more street parking, I found the atmosphere to be more lively, and I've had better service overall.Mo made my pizza manifest in real time - his moves were smooth, his advice kind, yet trenchant. Soon I found myself absorbed in a pleie of redoubtable competence. Upon tasting our creation, I burst into a eurythmics ecstasy not seen in common hours. First time customer. Lifelong friend. Don't just eat pizza - get Blazed.We usually throw away mass mail coupons but the coupon we received this morning from Blaze was a beautifully designed and professional looking, high gloss and thick card stock which really caught my eye........and to see they were offering a "free" pizza!!!  Needless to say their promotion wasn't cheap.....but it achieved its purpose.  Tonight we gave it a try and loved it.  The blood red lemonade was awesome and the pizza was really good.  I couldn't believe that when I said "load it up with meat" the prep girl did just that......and for the same price as a single topping (although we used the coupon).   My girlfriend had pepperoni and Chicken.  We may have been the ones to score free pizzas tonight but Blaze will definitely win in the end.  They've made a fan out of both of us.  We laughed when we walked out the door and saw a Dominoes just across the street.  Way to go Blaze!!!A really great place for pizza! You choose any kind of topping and they have tons of them and the pizza is ready in 3 minutes. What more could you ask for?Went in around 10 PM and was informed they only had gluten free dough. I was disappointed because I was not interested in trying gluten free bread but was really hungry and enjoy Blaze. Most the ingredients were fresh. They also didn't have any olives at that moment. Surprisingly the gluten free dough didn't taste that much different. I wouldn't try it again though (personal preference). The staff was friendly and a bunch of smiling faces.First time ever having Blaze and it was amazing! Unlimited toppings, 7 different kinds of cheese, without any extra costs, what a deal. 
Only problem was that it took really long, I was on line for a solid 15 minutes, maybe longer. Need to hire another pizza maker, but damn was this good. It's essentially chipotle in pizza form!My pizza was charred.. even after they offered to make another to compensate for their first burnt offering. Everyone else in my party had the same issue. Not sure if this was in off night or a common theme. But, hesitant to go back.Love this place.  Steven and Shawnita are pizza-building maestros and our cashier Desniqua provided excellent customer service.  The food is awesome and their gluten free pizza is second to none.  Thanks guys!!!Everyone was very friendly and provided exceptional service. The place was clean and my order was ready quickly .. not to mention the pizza was amazing!Great service and food! Every time I come here, I am greeted with a lot of upbeat and positive workers. Customize the pizza to however you like!! My pizza never goes wrong lol even when I change it up once in a while. 
Not very expensive either. A lot of the time there is a deal you can use to make it even cheaper, like BOGO. But that is available randomly. 
So If you're craving your OWN customizable pizza, one you can gobble up yourself, check out Blaze!This is some of the best pizza in the city. I come here occasionally after classes and the customer service is always outstanding. Desniqua, Steven, and Nicole are the absolutely best and always insure that my pizza is to my liking! I highly recommend!Very busy Friday  night . Pizza was great . Build your own pizza is the best .  Love the environment. My Family has been here twice this week . We had a good time and we will be back .shawn, Summer, Oscar, and the very pretty lady on the register with the beautiful natural hair bush and cute smile... Service is really everything!!!!!!!!A big thank you !!!!!They definmade my experience here at this particular establishment a Great One. I appreciate the level of patience they  had with mein my time of indecisiveness. They did not rush me or made me feel like I was wasting their time and for that I'm really grateful. A really good restaurant to be added to the Freret Food Awesome ness. Very clean , organized, and really friendly atmosphere overall. The line moved so quickly and the quality of my pizza is delicious. I am so pleased and it is worth a try here on Freret!!Ugh how come I haven't heard of you sooner. Pizza is so good. Wash it down with a nice beer and I'm a happy camper. My fav is the linkd in. I'll keep coming back for more!First time there and the crew was very friendly and helpful. I ordered a customized pizza which was liberating as I'm not used to that freedom. My pizza was delicious and they have enough options that it shouldn't be easy to get bored of the place.This was our first time visiting Blaze and we really enjoyed it. I loved how they were open all the way until 2:00am! My favorite part of course was the BYO (Build Your Own) pizza. I was able to get endless toppings. The only thing I would change is to add salt on my pizza. Oh yea, their Passionfruit Lemonade was amazing!Blaze is amazing! Everyone who works at this location is always kind and welcoming -- especially Niqua. It was my first time at blaze, and she was so helpful showing what to do. Everyone should go to the blaze on freret!!1:23 am, arrive at Blaze Pizzeria, ask gingerly a nearby employee closing hours. He ensures us it's not for another 37 minutes BUT due to the elevated oven temperatures at this hour, he assured us the pizzas would be charred or incinerated. The worried employee gave us a final and scrambling warning, "you're really going to risk it?!" before entering the establishment. So, instead we opted for a cold bottled Dos Equis and equally chilled s'mores cookies and immediately left to enjoy our snacks on the Halal Guy's patio, an extremely inviting environment (considering the late-night hours). Five to ten minutes later, three men waltzed in and collectively ordered three seemingly un-charred, un-incinerated pizzas. Wish we were shown the same common courtesy as our fellow men. Looking forward to review Blaze Pizza upon the quality of their food and not the temperature of their refreshments.Definitely FAST fire'd pizza that's also fresh and delicious!! I love that you're able to customize your pizza here with so many different options of sauce, cheese, meats, veggies, and drizzles! One pizza is more than enough for one person, but not enough for two, but a build your own pizza where you can add as many toppings as you'd like is only $8.25!! It's definitely a great deal, and you can also sign up for rewards on their app to get a flame each time you come in, and after 10 you get a free pizza!When you have a line out of the door, staff needs to hustle!!!!! They were spacing out, getting distracted and putting toppings on at a sloth speed. I know things can get busy but match your pace to the line! 40 min wait just to put in an order is not acceptableGreat, fast, service and excellent pizza when you're in a rush. Don't go to other chain pizza shops.Love, love, love it.  Go. Now.  Eat.  Enjoy!  One warning: their aqua fresca is quite addicting...Genius. This is one of the best "fast food" places around. You can build your own pizza, a damn good pizza at that. They are not stingy with the toppings and the dough is this perfectly hand turned brick oven thin crust. Quick fast quality food. I will be back since I am a local:)I've only ever gotten the white top (I don't like marinara). I like Blaze because the staff customize your pizza right in front of you. My only issue is that the staff has been rude the majority of times I have been there. It makes it less fun.I've been here twice now at weird late hours and they're always killing it! Super friendly service, inexpensive no matter what you get, and the pizzas are awesome. Stoked to have this place in NOLA!Blaze is a customizable, cost effective pizza eatery. The toppings and flavor combinations are endless! And they're always sporting good deals and they are interactive with the community. And the staff is fantastic; Niqua is a favorite of mine. My favorite lunch spot.So so good! Super friendly staff, great pizza, great brownies and cookies! Got the pepperoni 1 topping and was definitely worth it.The place is open until midnight. We showed up at 11:30 pm and upon entering, they yelled "shut the door, we are closed!" Very aggressively at that. Not a great way to win customers... We were continually yelled at to leave and... Here we are. Can't say I respect a restaurant that treats people that way.I come at least three times a month the pizza is great the toppings are fresh and you can beat the price of the pizza for unlimited toppings five stars in bookI love love love this place! It always satisfies my cravings for a thin crust pizza. I usually get a create your own which is a little under $8 and it could hold me for two meals. All toppings are free and unlimited, so pick to your hearts desire! I'll admit that I went a little overboard with the toppings the first time, but there is such a huge selection and everything looked good. The pizza bakes for 180 seconds, as they advertise, and comes hot and crispy. The reason why I took a star off is sometimes the service is painstakingly slow. The people working on the pizzas don't seem that organized and it causes confusion for them.What can I say? Wow!! #1 the customer service is phenomenal ! Even IF the pizza weren't good , bc of the staff id come back. #2 the prices ?! You can build your own personal pizza w all the toppings you want for under $9!!! #3 it was soooooo good! #4 we will FASHO come back hereGreat pizza. It's delicious...as many of the toppings you want. Great service by all. Niqua Crosby is super friendly and makes my experience great.I wasn't even eating here but was out on the patio while the employees were SCREAMING at one another using the foulest language imaginable. N words galore, F bombs. And all next to a table of 8th graders from Lusher. Where the hell is management on this? Awful.Niqua
Shift leader
Crew
David 
Maya
Rashard 
Rontrell
Sabian 
Shane
Monday June 26, 2017
715P
This is, by far, one of the best Blaze locations in the Nation, that I've eaten at. 
Service was absolutely phenomenal. Place was busy, yet every crew member greeted me. The place was spotlessly clean. Niqua, the team leader was encouraging the staff, buzzing around, helping wherever she was needed and was in complete control of her shift and her team. What a great group of professional and considerate people. Wow! No guest was left unattended. Every pie came out looking perfect. Mine was delicious! Thanks to all who cared for me tonight. You are very much appreciated and I'll see ya' again real soon! Loved it!Great Pizza and the new salads are made fresh in front of you. I love a place that uses quality ingredients. Look forward to coming back and creating a new pie.This was such a fun experience. I've never BYOP (build your own pizza) before. The ingredients were fresh and plentiful. The staff was very helpful in explaining how everything works along the pizza assembly line. They were very patient with me because I totally get indecisive when presented with lots of options. My family loved their pizzas also. 5 star family dinner experience in the heart of uptown. We found parking on the street as per our usual experience with dining on Freret but Blaze kicked it up a notch with the parking lot in the rear of the restaurant. I will definitely be taking advantage of the lot in the future. I enjoyed a NOLA blonde beer with my pizza and that just made the experience that much better. I'd say this is "boogie" pizza and beer experience but the pizza and beer (16oz) was only $13 bucks!I came to Blaze on a Thursday afternoon at around 6ish. There was no line and I got my pizza within 10-15 minutes. I had a blast picking out all my toppings. I felt like a little kid in a candy store. My pizza was really good. I thought it was too big at first but, naturally, I ate the whole thing without missing a beat. The only reason I knocked off a star is because the girl who served me wasn't very friendly. Not a huge deal, though. I will for sure be back.Pretty good thin crust pizzas! S/O approved! That's coming from someone who's not a fan of pizzas. 
We opted for a build your own pizza with unlimited toppings. Ordered one with white sauce and the other with spicy red sauce; both were tasty. Plenty of toppings to choose from and quick service. We enjoyed it!
Btw, check in for free garlic knots. They were good too!This place is great! I went with a bunch of friends on opening weekend and after liking their Facebook page, they gave us all a free pizza! They make individual thin crust pizzas that are super delicious. You can choose exactly what you put on your pizza (kinda like chipotle for pizza) so everyone gets what they want. My pizza came out of the oven a little burnt around the edges and they immediately offered to make me a new one. I was also able to snack on the 'burnt' (I honestly would have been fine eating it) pizza while I waited for the new one. After the receiving the new pizza, I was also handed a coupon for another free pizza! Overall, Blaze pizza makes good food and has great customer service! I will be going back again and again!This is a great idea but the staff is terrible and I am not sure how you lose a pizza after someone orders it and it is made. 
Loved the fact that the crust is Gluten free, but the 40 min order and wait was not worth it.  The price is really good for a personal pizza that can be shared easily. The staff played way too much and wasn't helpful to the ones who were trying really hard to get the pizzas out.  I also had to repeatedly say over and over I didn't want my pizza burned.  They weren't paying attention to detail and they just couldn't keep up with the orders.
My girlfriend had gone earlier in the day and she didn't have a problem. The pizza was good and I loved all the toppings that they had to choose from.  Will probably give them a second chance, I just hope when I go back the guys aren't sagging.I tried this place as soon as it opened and it met all my expectations... it is the subway of pizza. You must try their blood orange lemonade.
The price is very reasonable. It's one of my favorite meals for under 10$.I live right down the road from Blaze and go there often. The pizza is great! I usually get the green stripe with no chicken and add spicy sauce, gorgonzola and basil. Sometimes i do the build your own. They have a great choice of toppings. Roasted red pepper, goat cheese, chopped and roasted garlic, fresh basil, feta...yum! 
Customer service is usually really good. There was one occasion where I ordered online and they seemed to have not seen the order come through but without me even saying anything they apologized for the wait and offered me a "buy one get one free" coupon for my next order. 
The music is usually good. Not always the pop crap you hear on the radio. I've actually heard Sleater-Kinney playing twice. 
The atmosphere is also good, I've always felt comfortable there. Seems to be a diverse crowd.
I've read a few of the negative reviews and honestly they seem to be coming from generally miserable people. Like the dude who complained that the guy making dough wasn't wearing gloves...I worked in pizza for over a decade and at no point did I or anyone else who made pizza wear gloves. It's almost impossible. But you wouldn't know that unless you actually touched the stuff. If you don't want people touching your food then make your own food. I have never noticed poor hand hygiene at this place and I'm a nurse so I notice these things. Okay, tiny rant over. 
Blaze has good pizza for a great price and I recommend them often!What sets Blaze apart from the pizza world we live in? 
Here are my seven things that make it stand out. 
1. Cleanliness. Seriously, this place is so clean that it almost makes you wonder where people eat. But for someone like me who has allergies - cleanliness makes my insides celebrate. 
2. Allergy/food preference awareness!!!! Not only do they offer gluten free crusts and vegan cheese options, but they ask if you want a glove change. Be still my heart! 
3. Topping choices. Rarely are you given so many options to add to your pizza. Really it is more topping options (with no additional cost) than I can mathematically comprehend in combination. 
4. Pizza size. You know, I read once that any size of pizza can be personal if you challenge yourself. But their pizzas truly are a fitting size. Most will take home a slice or two, but there is also no judgment in eating the whole pie. 
5. Speed. Who doesn't love getting your food fast and tasty. 
6. To go boxes. They are ready and just waiting - and not just full size, but half size boxes. Make my life handy, why thank you. 
7. Personality. Blaze does a good job of hiring and keeping employees who engage with their customers and have patience as people figure out the style and personality. 
Oh.... and a bonus 8th reason, you can call or use the app to put your order in and have it waiting for you! Three cheers for convenience.Niqua makes the best pizzas at Blaze I always wait for her to make my pizza!!! When you go ask for Niqua to build your pizzaThis place opens late, so if you're studying late and want to grab a bite, this is the place to be! It's just like the Blaze Pizza place I've been to at other locations. Similar vibes. Very laid back and quick service that goes with it. The staff is friendly which is always a plus! Plenty of decisions on what to put on your pizza without any up-charge. I always pile my pizza with all the delicious and fresh ingredients. You get what you pay for. They don't ever cheat you out of proportions either. I will definitely be back! PSA, they do offer an optional crust for gluten-intolerants!!We tried coming here 30 minutes before they closed and they kicked us out very aggressively despite the door saying they were open until midnight. Seems like they should be open until they actually close, no? Just like LeBron, they choked during closing time. Used to go here quite a bit, but I'll be visiting the Dominos across the street from now on.I had recently come in to Blaze for some pizza on my trip to New Orleans. The establishment was clean, fast and efficient. The pizza was divine but our cashier really made the experience. I believe her name was Maryrose. She helped us to build our own pizza and continued to serve us with a smile. She also gave us recommendations throughout the city for our trip. Overall great experience, employees, atmosphere and pizza. 
August 17Very fair price for the amount of food you get. Expect to have leftovers unless you share. The half a pizza $5 lunch special is just that. The drinks the offer as well are delicious and a nice change from fountain soda and sweet tea.The staff here is amazing!!!!! Their very nice and helpful . I ordered the pick two salad and half pizza. The salad I wanted had way to much feta. My salad was made fresh with no feta and all my accommodations were made without any problem. Which is not an easy task because I can be very picky at times. Being the amazing individual that they are Pablo, Tierra, and Roy made sure this experience was beyond exceptional !!!!This is not the first time I've gone to this specific location and had a terrible experience. The workers move super slow, with no sense of urgency! I went in tonight around 9:30-10pm and it took forever for my order to be taken. On top of that, my pizza was burnt not once but twice! After already being in line for what felt like about an hour we decided we wanted a refund after my pizza was burnt for the second time  and I was told that I couldn't get one with an attitude to top it off! When I asked "Jackie George" (if that's even his real name) what's his general manager Name, he refused to give it to us. He then asked I wouldn't recommend going here until the staff is replaced. I refuse to give them another dime!!!Maybe the worst managed restaurant in the city. The pizza's good but the people running can't handle more than 5 people being in the place at one time. No idea who's pizza is whos', yelling at each other. We could have easily walked out with free pizza because they're handing people their pizza before they pay. If you see more than 5 people in line, head elsewhere.From the day this spot opened, I was in love. Never had a bad experience here. Lines move quick, pizza comes out quicker, and the product is just tremendous. Best quick-meal option in the city.This is BYOP type of place. I had the traditional crust pizza and did not like that it was basically another pizza dough that they placed on top of their thin crust pizza, so when you went to eat it the layers were apart in two. However, they have a wide selection of toppings and their garlic knots are pretty good. You get two free knots with a yelp check in so that's what we did. 
I wouldn't go out of my way to come here but their juices are fresh and delicious.Wow. So good. Had a bunch of options for cheese, which is great because I'm a dairy freak. Haha, anyways the pizza good. Actually more like Great! Hot ? Check. Cheesy ? Check. Spicy? Yes. Kevin James was actually there when I went definitely made the experience a littl better. Yeah, I'll tell a friend.blaze is a fantastic establishment and a highlight of the place is the wonderful employee chuck! he hasn't eaten vegetables since a young age, however, his glowing personality and welcoming demeanor make every blaze experience one for the books!I meaaaann it was okay. Not that bad, but not that good. The atmosphere is adorable and customer service was nice.This has become my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! The location is convenient, the food is consistently great, and the crew is always friendly and accommodating. Palen especially went above and beyond to make our experience enjoyable! Will definitely be back.My family of four comes here frequently.  The pizza is usually fast, and you get to pick all your toppings. Most recently, we have received bad service twice in a row.  I believe there is no manager at this location because some of the employees work slow with attitude.  Trash cans over flowing, missing toppings like onions, bell peppers, and spinach. These topping are probably not missing, they just were not prepared, I'm assuming.  The place is set up as an assembly line so one bad employee makes for a bad experience for the customer. We will come back in a month and give them one more chance to see if they have gotten their act back together because it is convenient for our small children. There are plenty of other good pizza places in town that our business will be shifting to.  The two stars are for the people who were doing their job- shout out to Rene at the cashier/ pizza cutting position (who was also bustling around cleaning tables when we left) and Joe shoveling pizzas in and out of the oven and making sure they didn't burn.  The missing three stars are for the long wait, filthy facility, employees who don't care, and the missing ingredients. Ps I'm a wood guy and really like the white oak tables.Let me start by saying that I'm only giving 2 stars because of the price and the excellent service. 
So.....I've been hearing a lot about this hot new pizza place uptown on Freret. Everyone's posting their pics saying how good it is. So my friends and I decided to give them a try. 
We were welcomed awesomely!! They employees were super informative and they know they menu well. They answered any questions we had and they really knew their stuff!!
BUTTTTTT......
If the pizza could match the employees enthusiasm??? They'd really have a hit! I ordered the pizza that I could choos whatever toppings I wanted. I WAS EXCITED! I put all the toppings I love. Tooooo many to name. I looked so freekin tasty and I couldn't wait to tear into to. So we sit down and dig in. I was sooooo totally disappointed. Not one of the toppings were seasoned. It was so bland!!! Not good at all! I was really disappointed. I had really high hopes. 
So if you asked me...If you like bland toppings, your good! But if you want flavor, I'd tell you to go across the street to dominos. Sorry. But that's my opinion. :/An $8 Pizza that is so fresh and delicious?!?!  Love this place. Quick and so yummy. This is our new go to pizza place.  We had meat one and red vine.  And Ceasar salad and a cookie. All delicious. And I had some for leftover cold pizza for breakfast.  Win win.I usually love Blaze and I'm back in town for a couple days so I wanted a nice taste of nostalgia. Last night I ordered a 2 Top with a BBQ drizzle, I BARELY had any toppings and there was BARELY any BBQ sauce drizzled on top. It was basically a plain cheese pizza. And on top of that it was BURNT crispy. My girlfriend ordered the garlic knots which were also burnt. Needless to say we are very disappointed with this location. And it was a DoorDash order so I couldn't get them to remake it.Best vegan pizza ever! I had a chance to stop by and i really enjoyed it! They have a lot of vegan topping options! Loved my crispy and tender pizza. The stuff was so friendly and helpful.  I'll definitely come backGood, fast pizza for a great price. I love how fresh the red sauce tastes and there is a large variety of toppings and specialty pizzas. The pizza is always consistent and the staff is friendly.I have been here a couple times and not only is the customer service subpar but it's by no means fast. It always takes well over 30 min to get my food. Pizza is burnt half the time and the staff always looks like they hate their jobEvery time I come in here it's around 9pm-10pmish, and I am always welcomed with annoyed faces and unmotivated employees. They always seem like they don't wanna be there (which I understand work not always fun). However, AT LEAST TRY to seem like you care about the costumers and getting your order right. I had to repeat my order more than once, and once they got my order right they brunt both of my orders! I tried telling them about it and was ignored constantly. The guy who was being rude to his other employees "Jacky George" and also to the costumers, proceeded to get mad at me after I was annoyed and also found out after I paid for everything they ran out of Cesar salad. After I spent more than an hour waiting on both orders I decided to get a refund (when he burnt both pizzas he got anger and went into the back and I didn't feel like waiting for two more pizzas) anyways, he told me he couldn't do it. I then asked for his GM name and he told me but I couldn't hear him so I asked for him to repeat it, he refused. I spent $18 and didn't receive my orders and no refund. I'm not spending no money in here anymore they running a circus in there.Had a bad experience at the other location so we decided to check this location out . Got here around 6:30 on a Friday night. There was a little bit of a crowd, not too crazy. Upon arrival we were greeted and then helped by a young lady. Everyone was so nice. Ended up getting the meat eater and I'm so happy we did! We waited literally about 5-7 minutes for our pizza which was NOT bad at all. Pizza was a great size for sharing and it tasted so fresh! I really really like this pizza spot and will def be back to try the other pizza options that they have! This location is def a lot less hectic than the one downtownCame in for a pizza tonight and immediately noticed that there was one person running the show. Other employees seemed confused about what to do while a young man struggled to keep up with all of the orders. It's pizza, shouldn't be that hardHonestly the best homemade stone fire pizza you're gonna get! I'm not a big fan of thin crust but I'll always go for a Blaze Pizza!
The green stripe is my favorite, you can even add a little here and there and take some off even when you order a signature pizza. Never disappointed!My boyfriend called this the subway of pizza, but he was dead wrong. For a quick bite at a good price this place hits the spot. I was also surprised, impressed, etc. that they had great vegan options.Blaze is the gourmet, pizza version of Subway. Pretty great topping options on nice dough. The spicy sauce was delectable and full of garlic. Get a drink, too- delicious blood orange lemonade and mango flavored water. The pizzas are cooked surprisingly fast. 
4 stars because service was slow (restaurant was basically empty, there were like 8 workers, but we had to wait to order our 'za) and the ham slices are giant.i love blaze both locations but freret is the best steven (tall)  makes the best pizza and #oscar is the best pizza smith ive seen yet!! i will return!!Disgusting pizza. I ordered a build your own and it was raw. Also, rude and clueless employees.Great food but the music is way to loud. I have to scream across the table. Excellent pizza at an excellent price. Will definitely be back.This is my favorite pizza place, it's a subway for pizza unlimited toppings for under $10.We got hungry and Blaze Pizzas was a walking distance and open. My first time here. The staffs were patient, friendly and helpful. It's a cool concept that you can build your own pizzas and see them make the dough in the machine right before your eyes and right into the oven. Maybe I was tired from traveling that when I ate my pizzas, I really didn't really cares for it. I had a pepperoni pizzas. The oil from the pepperoni was dripping alot was maybe why I didn't really enjoyed it. I will definitely come back when I'm feeling better and try a different kind of pizzas.I love coming here and the pizza and the ingredients are fresh and amazing rashad Chris and Steve are my favorite people here also the older gentleman he's so sweetI may have had one so-so experience at this place, but my next experience was excellent and made me a believer. I made my own pizza design choice this time and liked it a lot better than the previous visit. My pizza was cooked a little more crispy than the last time which made me like it more. My advice is to find what style you like for the first try and go with that to get an accurate baseline for this place.Ugh! This place. Delivery can only be done online yet website doesn't work. Can't even phone in an order. They are open till 10 but close at 9:30. Don't waste your time. Fine. They don't want my business. I will take it elsewhere.We came here and DARNELL WAS AMAZING. The friendliest service possible. Our pizza was amazing and we were very indecisive... he was so patient and informative. This was our first visit ever and he was great! :):)Best vegan cheese I ever had.  I love this place.  We come here every week.  I love the create your own pizza.  It taste so much better than traditional take out.  The vegan cheese actually melts like regular cheese and is tasty.  I love the staff and the atmosphere at the Freret store!Downright awful customer service. Arrived to order a green stripe pizza exactly how it's stated on the menu around 8:30pm, did not have a line or anything pending. When I received my pizza, the order completely wrong. When I went back to the employee who gave it to me to say that the order was wrong and the employee argued with me that it was correct until I took it back instead of wasting time on a conversation that wasn't going anywhere.. Will not be returning to this place.Was visiting from Southern California where there is a pizza place similar to this one. I've been to many states across the country and have experienced different cultures. I dont know if this is just a Louisiana thing but this place has at least 7 workers on a dinner shift. Which is awesome however my first impression walking into The  Blaze was RUDE RUDE RUDE. I asked the girl who took my order to explain the different types of dough after telling her this was my first time here. She looked at me as if I asked her to do somersaults. Got no answer. Then when asked for banana peppers on the side the girl who prepared my pizza said if they dont go on the pizza right there and then she would have to charge me. Whatever. The guys all wore there hat backwards and the girls were having personal conversations a out personal stuff during rush hour. Anyhow I will ne staying close by for 2 more weeks and I know where I wont be coming back. The best thing in this place was the fountain rootbeer and the pizza was just blah. Maybe I'm just a person who is big on proffesionalism and customer service.Probably the best pizza we've found in New Orleans. Everything is very uniform, from the dough weight to the oven temperature, the owner/manager keeps things pretty consistent. There is no wood oven like we'd expect (coming from NY), but their gas oven seems to hit a consistent 550f. They have very nice and attentive staff, and I'd say the dough is a bit on the wet and oily side but comes out crunchy on the way out. Even the boxes are very nicely designed and come in two pieces, fitting the pizza well. Garlic knots were free with a yelp check in! Fabulous selection of toppings. Only complaint is that the bathroom didn't have soap.This is some of the worst customer service I've ever experienced. There were 3 people in line ahead of me, 4 workers behind the counter, and somehow it took 25+ minutes just to construct the pizzas. The guy ahead of me ordered a pizza with cheese and pepperoni. That's it. And it still took them that long to make. There is no structure. I The workers just walked around aimlessly and made pizzas when they felt like it. I watched one worker put one glove on, then press his hands together like he was praying, then put the other glove on. The service here has never been great, but it's gotten worse over time. I've been coming back because the pizza IS good, but I'll have to find a new one to go to. If I could give negative stars, I would.I ordered Blaze online through door dash. It was delivered 20 minutes late, but with the Saints having a game that day it was not a surprise. What was though, was my pizza arriving incorrect. I called up the restaurant minutes after I arrive. The girl who answered my call was friendly and put me on hold with the Manager. I explained my situation about the wrong toppings and stuff missing. He then lectured me about how I should of ordered my pizza a different way. He then told me we have a line here and I can give you a refund and hung up on me mid sentence.I love Blaze for a variety of reasons. Quick service (although kind of rude at times), excellent price, and filling food. The company has opened an excellent location on Freret, mixing locals and college students just rice, and providing a restaurant with some of the coziest and comforting seating I've been to. Overall, excellent place (just wish they could mix the sauces).This is probably the best build your own pizza I had. Thin, fresh crisp crust flavored sauce and cheese options enhanced our experience. We loved the ambience and the fast service.I don't usually eat pizza due to being lactose intolerant but my friends convinced me to try Blaze. They offer vegan cheese which was actually really good! The pies are thin crust personal pizzas. I got the vegan cheese with pesto, red peppers and arugula. I don't like to admit it but I ate all the pizza in one sitting! Yum.Wonderful staff, especially Shandreka, Jaz and Renee. The ingredients are always fresh and appetizing.    My favorite place for pizza and salads.Great restaurant! Samuel is a very fantastic one to trust and get to know there! Recommend for future customers!The fancy update for the second new Orleans location. Make sure you taste test all their fun fountain drinks. It's kid friendly and pretty loud so if you have a four going on forty unruly demanding kid like ours you'll be welcomed.Welp. I do not have a single negative thought about this place. BYOP is the best thing to happen in my little life in a while. Sausage! You got it! Ricotta! Sure! Whatever the hell you want on a pizza?! GO FOR IT!!!!!
Blaze offers crispy, thin crust, wood fired pizza. It cooks in about a minute (literally) and it is cheap as hell.
Go here.If you're a big fan of thin crust pizza like me, you'll love this food. The pizzas we got were great, all around the food got a 5/5 from me. The issue was in my ordering experience. I ordered online and received part of my order completely incorrectly. The wrong customer name and order was even on the half pizza. I got a chicken white sauce pizza but received a red sauce pepperoni and sausage pizza. It's a good thing I am okay with eating the red meat but had I not been, I wouldn't have had anything to eat! Slow down, pay attention to what you're doing and the reviews may be different. The pizza was great though. Got a side salad too and that was good.Fresh amazing options. Service is great! Beverage bar alone is impressive, great prices for the quality which is top notch!Super friendly employees. Make your own pizza. Unlimited toppings-- $8 personal pizza. It's a fun, casual experience and decent pizza. Good for groups!Wow! Fast food pizza at its finest!! Was part of the yelp event and got to try out a pizza for free. I was blown away at how fast the pizza came out and still kept its consistency! Really good and looking forward to trying on a regular basis to get my pizza fixOrdered my not complex pizza online. Waited at the register for way too long while employees chatted. Then when the guy finally helped me I told him my name and who I was picking up for. He told me they made my pizza wrong and just stared at me until I said I'd wait for it to be remade. I left to eat at home after it was done to find out the pizza was messed up a second time. They did not make my pizza with gluten free crust twice and I am allergic. Bad experience!05-30-2020
What a horrible experience Post Covid. The staff was rude. Pizza was ok. Limiting toppings now because of Covid. What does the number of ingredients have to do with Covid?  Really bad experience. I would invite managers/owners to call me for a detailed version of my visit.   But at this point this will be my last visit to Blaze on Freret. 
Richard
(504) 258-4335 mobileSean, kelvin, Arie, Tret are the best servers and treated me and everyone I came with so nice! Loved their pizza recommendations! Had a great time at blaze pizza reminded me of my home town!! Get the red vine love it!Amazing start to a wonderful weekend. My family and I came to NOLA to visit for a reunion, having not visited in over 3 years we were told to visit blaze as a first stop in the crescent city. 
When we arrived we could not be more pleased with results. First the cleanliness of the restaurant was a welcomed sight. I was great to see the signs and moreover employees enforcing and ensuring proper Covid 19 social distancing and mask were used.  
My son has a sever dairy allergy which caused him to have a liver transplant at 2 months old (now at 8 years old) he is aware of the challenges and dangers of eating in a quick service restaurant. It was so comforting to see Ms. Marcia take the time to make sure his pizza was made according to his dairy allergy. 
She ensured ensured the staff made several globe changes, washed the spatula used to retrieve and turn his pizza and of course made sure he received a clean cut when slicing. 
When we informed them of his desires to have multiple small slices instead of a protest I received a hearty no problem!
It's is times like these that remind me of how powerful food can be to unite and cross all boundaries. 
When we visit NOLA in the future the Blaze at 5001 Freret is a must stop--great food and even better service.Employees were not personable, the service was incredibly slow. Some workers were just standing around as people waited in line and were incredibly disinterested. Took 20-30 minutes for a takeout. I don't typically post negatively but this was just a flat out bad experience. Hopefully it is better next visit.Great pizza & on the cheaper side. I'm only able to eat half, so if ordering a pizza alone I always have leftovers. 
My favorite thing about Blaze is the concept, like a Subway for pizza. So coolToday was the worst experience I've ever had at blaze pizza. Usually we come all the time and we wanted to still support it during these hard times, but today the two kids working treated us awfully. First when I walked in and asked if we could still walk in and order he told me to order online. I had two hungry kids with me but I figured it was the rule. It said 22 minutes online so I walked away. When I came back to pick up, not only was it not ready but the kids were outside smoking and haven't even started. Then two girls walked right In and ordered in the store and got their pizzas before me. Then I asked if I could have the drinks that I already paid for at least because my kids were thirsty and first he said no then he ignored me. Then he says they don't sell the juices that I order on the Blaze website so I ask for 2 chocolate milks instead and he throws them at me. 45 minutes later(20 minutes later then stated time) we get our pizzas. He was so rude I didn't even know how to respond.
We will never return to this blaze location again. Terrible service and horrible attitudes when they should feel lucky that they even have a job right now when many others would kill to be working!Julia yes. You the manager. You are amazing and because you kept your promise I will keep mine.
Great Service. I was there for the grand opening and she helped me out with getting my free pizza!!!!
I had the deep dish crust with red and garlic sauce 
Pepperoni. Feta.. mozzarella.. Parmesan cheese..
Italian sausage.. chicken... bell pepper red pepper sautéed onions basil like a tablespoon of oregano and a pinch of salt with pesto drizzle and a squeeze of lemon juiceNot really sure what was going on at this location when I went Friday 9/13. I've frequented this location for the past two years with no problem. On this day when I arrived, I noticed 4 employees outside smoking and giggling. When I went inside, everything was chaos. Customers were requesting refunds and/or demanding their burnt pizzas be remade. I asked a customer what was going on and he stated there was only one woman working to make pizzas with no one watching the oven so everyone's pizza was getting burnt. The employee also stated "my co-workers are just outside chilling including the manager."
With this in mind I steadily watched my order. But in the process customers were still demanding refunds. And one customer was complaining due to her second remade pizza about to burn in the oven again. The picture shows everyone's burnt pizza except mine since I insisted the employee remove my pizza before it started to burn. Customers noted they had been in the establishment well over 30 minutes trying to get refunds or their pizzas remade.
Additionally, turkey sausage meatballs have apparently been discontinued. Which was a staple of mine.
I guess there has been a change in overall management and staff. I notice each time I come to this location there are new workers. It seems like new employees are not trained and it shows. Very dissatisfying experience and I won't return. Please update your hiring processes because what was displayed by both the manager and employees was very unacceptable. Going outside smoking and returning inside without washing hands is not acceptable. This establishment earned many dissatisfied customers in just a few minutes time.Absolutely love it. Great Experience evertime I visit this location.I was a fan of blaze when I worked close to the poydras location. Can't beat $9 pizza with unlimited toppings.  
This location was not as good. They were extremely slow. Making the whole idea of fast pizza non existent.  The pizza was too cooked, almost burnt, the toppings were sparse.  
If this were my first blaze pizza experience I wouldn't return.I have to say I eat at this blaze pizza all the time and every time I've had phenomenal service and delicious food. I don't know what they did but it seems like something has changed recently for the best because it's one of the few restaurants I go to that is so consistent on great service and great food. Before covid I had almost wrote them off all together but they have really turned this restaurant around and I truly hope it stays this way.I have been to this location before  and service isn't always terrible. But tonight they were backed all the way up. I think there were a lot of online orders and they were backed up. We waited an hour for a half pizza and salad. the pizza I got was supposed to have pesto and arugula and they let me know they didn't have the stuff for it after they took it out of the oven. 
They don't have their salads listed--I asked for the caprese salad. Mozzarella,tomato and basil I saw that that's what it was called on the website. The person working at the restaurant was like "is that a fancy word for the ovalini?" Ovalini is a type of mozzarella--not a salad. Then to top it all off they didn't even have the ovalini and we had to get a Caesar salad. 
Someone else we knew was there to pickup food at 6 and had been waiting until 7:30. Staff def needs more delegation for tasks.The Freret location of Blaze is great! We loved being served by Natalie, she had a great smile and attitude and made us a delicious pizza. Will definitely return!This a really fun place to go, it's relaxed and easy. The ingredients are super fresh and it's relatively fast. You can also add as many toppings as you'd like without extra charge, so it really fun and easy to get creative. There is something for everyone and they offer a lot of rewards on their Blaze app if you download it on your phone. 
The staff is always incredibly friendly, they keep the place really clean and nice. 
They also offer seasonal toppings last time I noticed butternut squash on the toppings table, how fun is that?!?I used to love this place when it first opened! After a few months the line was always too long. So it's been a year and I'm back on a slow day. The workers look like they hate not only themselves but everyone else. They're slow, work slow, don't care, don't smile. So I got the gluten free crust, no cheese. My pizza was in for 10 seconds when the edges looked cooked. But now the toppings are still cold (mushrooms, peppers, other veggies.  Some guy is responsible for cutting the pizza into slices and he can't even do that right.  So long Blaze. It was good while it lasted  I really want my $30 back (my son is with me trying to get through his soggy pizza.
Update:  we just couldn't get through our pizza. Raw crust and cold ingredients. We were hungry so I asked for the manager. And out comes the pizza-slicer guy  well now I know what's happening. A business is a direct reflection of its management. I explain the issue and he says "no problem it happens!" And gives me a refund. We left and are now en route to Louisiana Pizza Kitchen.Do not order online!!! We ordered a BBQ chicken pizza online here plus another build your own pizza and once we got home, realized there was no chicken on the pizza. Fine, no problem, mistakes happen so we just called them to ask for a refund. The crazy thing is that the manager, Whitney, had the audacity to say they had been out of chicken since the day before and IT WAS OUR FAULT FOR NOT LOOKING AT THE PIZZA AND NOTICING BEFORE WE LEFT AND SHE REFUSED TO REFUND THE CHARGE. Are you kidding me?? Not only do you not mark chicken as unavailable on the online ordering portal but you don't tell me you've been out for 2 days when I pick it up and then you BLAME ME and CHARGE ME?? Whitney needs to go!!OVER THE App during covid19. Tried several times, not working for all the options we need! Return to regular ordering. You are losing orders! Can't even call to talk to a person. Super lame!This Blaze is spacious, clean, and located on Freret St.  The concept is like Subway's, but with pizza.  They offer great crust choices, like traditional thin, thick, gluten free, and cauliflower.  From there you just add what you like from a bunch of good stuff.  I really like the cheese selection - shredded mozzarella, fresh mozzarella and ricotta among others.
The staff was very friendly but a little on the slow side when it came to putting our pies together. Also, I was surprised there were no Brussels sprouts at this location. They have them at their location on O'Keefe, and I love them. Also, please Blaze, add sundried tomatoes to your list of ingredients. 
Our pizzas were delicious, but the crust was burnt on the edges.  
We had a couple of dough knots, and they were sheer perfection, and with my Yelp checkin they were free.  They were garlicky, fluffy, and piping hot.I normally love blaze pizza but tonight they let me down. I ordered a special pizza because I have dietary issues and was delivered the wrong one. I couldn't eat it so I wasted my money.As if the pizza wasn't delicious enough. I cannot day enough about the manager Sam, who went out of his way to remake a pizza that was ( through no fault of his or Blaze) did not make it to my home. 
He cheerfully remade it with no questions asked and had it waiting for me with a smile. 
Blaze will always be my go-to for pizza.Terrible service, rude and absolutely Corey doesn't care about this business Order was wrong and he didn't care. Never again.  Extremely rude, no emotion, total indifference. Will never return.We went in tonight for pie day. It's been advertised as pizza for $3.14. When we got to the register they said it would be full price because pie day was cancelled. They said signs were posted on the door. I don't like arguing so I payed full price without arguing. On my way out, I looked at the signs on the front door and they only said that there was a limit on the number of people who could be in the store at a time. I feel like they cheated me out of my money. I like their pizza but I will be telling people not to go back to this dishonest location.This place is amazing if you know how to build your own pizza then you are the master of personal pizzas. 
The service is as fast as you can choose your toppings and as many people that there is online plus the cooking time. 
All their toppings are fresh and when matched correctly you get some amazing pizzas.We really wanted pizza and I was trying to think of good pizza close by and I almost forgot about Blaze! I feel like it's funny because it's like a fast food place, but the pizza is so delicious and you get to customize it to whatever you want. It's so much cheaper than getting a dominos pizza with a ton of toppings, and Blaze has so many more toppings. 
I love that they put it in the oven right in front of you and then you can put a drizzle of olive oil, pesto, or even bbq sauce on top. And I love putting fresh arugula on top too. 
I got an original crust with spicy red sauce, which was amazing and the perfect amount of spice! Then I piled on a bunch of veggies - tomatoes, mushrooms, olives, red peppers, and of course roasted garlic (the best).
The staff was super friendly and helpful. They made our experience fast and smooth. My boyfriend got a completely different pizza than me, because he's a carnivore, and I love that we can each enjoy our own custom pizzas that are the perfect size for one person :)
Oh! They also have a pretty good beer selection (and local beers too) and not too expensive! I got a NOLA brewing lemon basil beer in a can and my boyfriend got a Lagunitas on tap!Don't order on the app. The pizza is never ready in the time frame the app says it will be. Not even close. The last couple of times I've shown up even after the app said my order would be ready and I've waited an additional 10-15 minutes. And right now I'm having to wait while they re make my to go order that was placed in the app because they gave it to someone else picking up a to go order. And then what they re made was incorrect and they never offered any consolation. I never even got an "I'm sorry." I had to ask for a free cookie after the whole debaucle. I doubt I'll ever go back.I've been to about six to eight different Blaze locations. This is by far the worst. I ordered online and showed up within two minutes of the promised time. When I told the cashier my name, she wasn't sure where my pizza was. There were three or four pizzas in the oven, so I waited.
And waited. And waited.
After the other customers were helped she explained, "We burned your pizza so we had to make a new one." When I told her that it was supposed to be ready 10 minutes ago, she repeated her story. 
It showed up another 10 minutes later. There was never an apology. Nor any attempt at making amends.
I'm not sure if this disaster of a location will forever scald my feelings for Blaze Pizza. But I had been a big fan of their pizza until tonight.This is basically a Subway/Chipotle of pizzas.  Every pizza is a personal sized pizza and you either pick from one of their 10 or so signature pizzas or build your own.  The signature pizzas are variations of pizzas that you see at a lot of pizza places.  Things like BBQ Chicken, meat lovers, veggie lovers, etc.  They also have some not so normal toppings like gorgonzola, ricotta cheese, and artichokes.
The ladyfriend and I stopped in one night and I got a BBQ chicken pizza which has chicken, gorgonzola, red onions, banana peppers, mozzarella and bbq sauce.  It was just ok as it was too doughy for my liking and not crisp enough.  The ladyfriend got the Link In which was Italian sausage, red peppers, sautéed onions, red sauce and mozzarella cheese.  Her pizza was cooked a little longer and had a better flavor.  
The pizzas are cheap so it's good for the family as everyone can get what they want.  They also have salads and a few desserts but that's not the reason to come here.  You come here for the cheap, fast pies that fill the pizza void in your life in a pinch.This isn't my first time ordering at blaze usally I have a great service when it comes to ordering online, haven't really order in stores till today. My mother two younger sisters and I walked in very hungry around 1:57 p.m because we were coming from  an appointment  and wanted a large pizza, when we asked they told us we couldn't order a large pizza in store only through online (weird because every other pizzeria I been to let's me order large pizzas in stores and don't really need online). When we heard that we were a bit turned down but I told my mother they had greasy pizza so we order online a  ham and pineapple pizza mind it was 2 Pm when I placed my order  and the app said that it would take 16-20 minutes for our pizza we waited and at 2:38 p.m the stated our pizza was ready for pick up. I walked up and  our pizza wasn't even made the lady behind the counter was very sweet I understand it wasn't  her fault our pizza wasn't made yet, I sat down and around 2:54 p.m I stood up again and she proceed to let me know that my pizza wasnt ready yet and it would take 8-10 minutes because they were still making it I was a bit mad at this point because it was almost 3 and it took an hour for out pizza. A man came up to out table and said "your pizza is almost ready" my mom wasnt happy at all because I was the one insisting in going here when our pizza was out it didn't even look like a large pizza it looked like a regular size pizza like a small that they had there we weren't happy, but we were very hungry and the bottom of the pizza had something black at the bottom we thought it was burnt but it wasn't because the pizza still felt a bit doughy so we just proceed in  eating didn't even take 30 minutes to eat. I never experienced this with Blaze before because I guess I  always order online, but I wouldn't recommend you to go in store if your not willing to Waite or online for a hour for your pizza.Personal pizzas with as many toppings as you'd like? COUNT ME IN! The staff was friendly and the pizzas were delicious. It took only a few minutes for them to cook and the prices? Roughly $10 per pizza! You can't beat that.I love how much you can customize your pizza with fresh ingredients, multiple cheeses, tasty sauce choices and toppings. You can have it anyway you want at blaze- add a double crust, have a salad, pile  either with anything you want. Be as creative as you want and they will indulge your whims. I'm not a fan of a chain, but I like Blaze's products that are simple, fresh and done your way.I've seen the behind the scenes and let me tell you; it's filthy. Ingredients aren't fresh at all. Dishes aren't washed. Employees don't wash hands. The staff often seem drunk or high, and are constantly complaining about their jobs to their shift leaders. If you ever visit the back of the restaurant, you can catch the employees smoking various things. When the manager leaves, it can take up to 20 minutes to actually get a pizza. The To Go boxes are often unclean and assembled with out gloves. The dishes are rarely washed, so if you're dining in your plate is filthy. Niqua and Palen are often doing absolutely nothing while the staff barely serves the costumersGood for lower end pizza.  I like better than other chains especially picking the toppings. Got extra roasted garlic, make sure whoever is with you gets the same.The pizza was quite good, but it only gets three stars because the employees were not wearing masks.Great service, fast and healthy, indoor seating, Covid precautions, millions of choicesA quick summary: DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM HERE!!!!
Here's why-- Amid studying for finals, I decided to order pizza to save time from cooking. Placed my order and at the end it notified me that it would be delivered via door dash. That should've been my sign to end it there however I went back to studying. The order took an hour and a half to get to me which at that point I was hangry but because Blaze *was* reputable in my eyes, I knew all would be well. 
Got my order and everything was POORLY PREPARED!!! The extremely burnt brownies, the burnt/incomplete knots, and the pizza that was sliced with a fork seems like-- were all highly upsetting. The only reason this has 2 stars is because after warming the pizza up, it was ok. Not at all like I wanted, but edible unlike anything else.The staff at this location was very prompt and professional! The manager Samuel was very helpful and knowledgeable will definitely be back again.This place has really gone downhill since it opened. We used to be able to go in or order online and have our pizza, as we ordered it, with no issues in 10-20 minutes. 
Now there are issues every time we go. The last three times our online order wasn't even in the oven until we showed up and asked about it. The toppings are never correct and the staff seem more interested in joking around than being helpful. 
It's not worth trying the Freret location anymore. Don't waste your time.You know I watch and love Blaze to make my pizzas especially to go. But today I'm just over it. I get home and one of my pizzas was swapped with another. no receipt because the machine ran out of paper. so I had one meat eaters. got it. one simple pie. got it. one meat eaters with pesto, red onions and crushed garlic. nope. what do get??!! another regular simple pie. I wont be going back to this location again. just aggravated!!!!35 minutes in line before they even acknowledge you?  Ok...
Not sure why all four staff members left the front counter and went into the back room all together for 10 minutes. Also not sure why there were literally 15 pizzas stacked up outside the oven, and exactly one pizza cooking inside the oven.It's okay for cheap, DIY pizza. It's also conveniently located on Freret st, so I ate there a lot as a Tulane student. My only complaint is that it's not very hygienic, and the service is not great.Usually satisfied with Blaze. However, it is pretty unacceptable to receive this when you order "4" dough knots.Had a great late night meal here after a few cocktails on a Saturday night. You can't go wrong with a make your own pizza place. You can decide what you want on it or not. You can't go wrong with that. Loved my pizza.Disgusting pizza, I feel like a Karen doing this but they gave me a raw pizza!!! That looked like it had milk pored all over it. When I tried getting it fixed the man at the register got an attitude with my little sister bc he was annoyed that we asked him if we could get it fixed. Just avoid this location at all cost.A GUILTY PLEASURE
But it isn't just mine. When I suggest places to grab a quick cheap bite uptown to my friends the answer was always: Bud's, more recently it's Moe's BBQ but now it includes Blaze. I mean a build your own unlimited topping 12" pizza plus a drink for $10. That's hard to beat! 
...and now they have three side salad choices.Again had a great experience. I absolutely love this place, I've been to both locations and I'm never disappointed.Good crust but inconsistent execution. Additionally uneven scattering of toppings each time I have ordered. Delicious but again, inconsistent.It's a chain. So there's that. But if you're in the mood for thin crusted pizza, made how you want it it's pretty good. Deli style. You tell them what sauce, toppings etc you want. Or order a style they've created. 
Gluten free crust if you ask for it. 
I think they might even. Have vegan cheese.
Sometimes it's crazy crowded being close to so many schools and universities. 
Sometimes they're out of things like wine or certain toppings. 
But mostly a positive experience, for a chain.If you like to get your pizza an hour and half late and ice cold this is the place for you. What a waste of money. Could have went to Domino's and would have been better than this trash.I used to love Blaze and hadn't gotten in a while. Won't ever be getting it again. My pizza dough was not fully cooked. Half the pizza had patches with no sauce or cheese at all. Most slices were half cut or not cut at all. I tried cooking it, but it was so gross I just threw it away. They didnt even bother to chop up the onions. There were just huge chunks on the pizza. When I told them they didn't even cover the pizza in sauce or cheese (pretty normal to expect) they told me I needed to ask for extra toppings next time and offered no refund. This place has gone to sh** don't bother.My vegetarian grand kids just love Blaze Pizza. They love simple pie crust, with light sauce and vegan cheese. The staff is always patiently pleasant.  They even interact with the kids. If you are vegetarian or not, ; you would LOVE this place.Great pizza. I love this food. Thank you. Purple monkey dishwasher. Purple monkey dishwasher.Went to blaze today and this is what they gave me then the man at the register was mad and had an attitude when I asked if that's what it was supposed to look like. He said that was normal and that's how it's supposed to look but the pizza wasn't cooked all the way and even had what looked like milk on top.Oooo the gluten free vegan options are endless and delicious! Tank you Blaze for feeding my endless desire for pizza. Tank you for being super safe and sanitary during  COVID-19.