Best BBQ spot in the city....no question!They embody "New Orleans Style" BBQ (I think they are NOLA BBQ). 
Great happy hour! The wings are the best in the city in my opinion. The nachos never disappoint. 
The one thing that sets them apart from any other BBQ experience is their staffs ability to think outside the box. They have created unique sandwiches with funky names.Little difficult to find but worth the visit. Their meats are delicious. Prices are a bit more expensive than I expected but definitely worth it. 
Order the Mac and cheese!Great food! Fast service! Love the take out option or eating at the bar while bands play.At this point this is the best bbq in the city. Unlike most bbq places that have one good meat and so so bad ones all of the meat here I have tried has been exceptional. So far I have tried the brisket, ribs and pulled pork each were tender, juicy and full of flavor. I have not yet tried the chicken or the sausage though both look good too. What sets the place apart are the sides, the potato salad is excellent, the beans are excellent they also have a special side of the day and a free soup of the day when checking in on yelp. This is now my go-to bbq spot and it doesnt hurt that its close to my house.They have decent music,however during our short meal,they also had some technical glitchesFood was as unhealthy as it could get,but it was tasty enough to be almost worthy this additional fat.Still,very limited menu.Heading out to try some of the local restaurants.  Our uber driver recommended this place.  Incredible food.  I had the ribs and the grilled Brussel Sprouts.   The rib meat just falls off the bone.  The Brussel Sprouts were even better.   Grilled with a glaze that made them the best I have ever had. 
My dad and brother were equally happy with their choices.   
This place is busy, but the service is fast and there is lots of food.   I will never return to New Orleans without making a stop here.   This place is a must!!!I had a horrible experience with Postmates about this restaurant which the management fixed when we called with our concerns. Thank you Patrick for your superior customer service experience, I will definitely make it a point to dine in next time.Great food. Had a little of everything. The Brisket and sausage were top hits for the meats and the grilled brussel sprouts were tops for sides. The place is inside of a great bar with live music almost every night. Worth a visit even if your just visiting New Orleans for vacation. Its right of the canal st Trolley.Whoa. Okay, I just ate here for lunch today and I couldn't wait- I had to review ASAP.
So, I had tried Blue Oak ages and ages ago when it was at Chickie Wah Wah. This was in my baby Yelp days and I wasn't even sure of the name of the place that produced this delicious BBQ (at the time). Fast forward to today when I was determined to get back to Blue Oak and try it again.
We stopped in a little before 2 and there was still a good lunch crowd and a line, so we hopped in and looked over the menu. Super bummer: they were out of brisket, but yay, there's a meatloaf sandwich on the menu today, so my buddy got that. I got the pulled pork sandwich and garlic mac and cheese because I am predictable. After a short wait, the food arrived and the waitress told my friend that the meat loaf sandwich he got is the best thing on the menu. No comment was made about my pulled pork. haha
ANYWAY, the pulled pork sandwich comes topped with pickles and cole slaw. I don't want to go telling any tales, but I think I might prefer Blue Oak's pulled pork over The Joint's- it was smokey and so full of flavor. I added a touch of sauce and it really made it pop. And the mac and cheese...um...GOOD LORD. This is some of the best mac and cheese I have ever had- it was garlicky and gooey and perfect. The entire meal was mind blowing and it made for the perfect lunch.
I would be interested in hearing what other fans of The Joint think about the food here. I think it is REALLY close to being better, y'all. I will have to try it again to make a final decision and then again just to be on the safe side...for research.We ordered a two meat plate and some wings. They were out of ribs at 8:20 on a Saturday night. Wings came out hot, plump, moist  and tastey. Both the pulled pork and  brisket were well smoked and very good as were the sides. The portions, however left something to be desired. That includes the sides. At least fill the small styrofoam cup. Maybe they were running out of those meats too. We will give them another shot but not a four or four and a half star experience this time.Really good barbecue, really cool vibe.  Owner is down to earth and friendly.  We had the pulled pork sandwich with Mac and cheese and the brisket tacos with Brussel sprouts. Both were great.  
Bonus: very good ice cold sprite! One of the best in nola.Shari V and I hit up Blue Oak BBQ for an early dinner.  We picked up.  Strangely, they don't take orders over the phone, so we drove there, ordered for pickup and left.  Ultimately, it was totally painless.  Commute took like 5 times longer than the food.  Service was prompt, but we were picking up at 6:15, so it's not like they were slammed.  
First, let me say that the taxes are already included on the menu prices.  So we got three things, each $14 a pop.  I loved it.  Bill was 42 bucks.  Predictable, right?  Why more places don't do this, I have no idea.  
Food was a hit.  So Blue Oak may have just unseated our previously reigning BBQ champ -The Joint.  It's hard to compare the pulled pork sandwiches of both.  Blue Oak and the Joint make very different sandwiches.  Blue Oak had theirs loaded down with pork, pork sausage and slaw.  Excellent.  It was huge, and I ate every bite except one.  I saved one of the choice center bites for Shari V.  I also ordered a half rack of ribs. This I can directly compare to The Joint, and Blue Oak's were roundly better IMHO.  Well seasoned.  Meat fell of the bone.  I barely needed BBQ sauce.  But I love BBQ sauce, so I did use some.  That's beside the point.  Point is, the ribs stand alone and are delicious.
Very solid sides.  We had mac-n-cheese, potato salad and jalapeno grits.  The jalepeno grits were awesome.  Don't get your heart set yet.  That was the side of the day.  
Blue Oak BBQ was a total hit. I think we found our new frontrunner for BBQ.  We will definitely repeat.Came here for lunch Saturday.  We ordered the nachos for an appetizer.  Not enough meat on them.  My sil and I split the brisket platter with mac and cheese and Brussels sprouts.  The brisket was okay.  A little fatty.  I was not a fan of the garlic mac and cheese.  I thought it was too strong of a flavor.  Brussels sprouts were okay if they came out hot.  This actual facility is too small and hot.  The seating is just awful.  Not a fan.New Orleans is really not known for BBQ but this place can rival the boys in Memphis. I like the brisket, ribs, pulled pork, and the beef jerky. The Brussels sprouts and beans are the best.Oh. My. God. The brisket was amazing! We were visiting New Orleans for a conference and wanted to try something different, having heard that NOLA had good BBQ. I found this place and we swung by to try it out on our last night. First, the building gives no indication that there's a bbq place inside: the outside says "Chickie Wow Wow" or something. The window for Blue Oak is right inside and you can sit anywhere in the bar (and order a fabulous local beer). I had the brisket and baked beans and nearly died it was so good! There was also an awesome piano player there that night. What a great, fun experience!!I have been to The joint, been to the Shed, and been to a couple of other wanna be BBQ places in Nola, however, Blue Oak takes the cake. I feel that good BBQ is hard to come by these days and the best ones of the little hide aways that maybe everyone doesn't quite know about yet. To start we have the Shrimp Tacos, delived eggs (BEST I HAVE EVER HAD...including my own) and the BBQ Nachos. The shrimp tacos I have been craving since I was there two days ago. And the nachos were bursting with flavor! I then had the brisket platter. The flavor and texture of the brisket was on point! They bark of the brisket had such an amazing flavor and then I learned how long they smoke everything for and realized they put so much time into making the flavors what they are that it's impossible for anything they serve not to be good. I could tell these guys really cared about the quality of their product and that alone put theme far above any other BBQ establishment that I have been to recently. Love this place, love what they are doing, and to the guy a couple of reviews below me who said not to tip these guys, shame on you. If you can't afford to tip, stay at home.As I was leaving New Orleans the last time I was here, my eyes were widened to see, at least to me, a brand new BBQ place.  I made a note that's where I'm going next time when I'm here.
My first taste was not good because my sweet tea was sour.  But I told the cashier and they had it fixed within 5 minutes.  So that part all worked out.
The atmosphere is definitely more of a dive/bar and outside seating available.  There is no waiter but someone does clean the tables.  I love their slogan - vegan free since 2012.  Haha
I went with the 2 meat combo.  I tell you what - this BBQ had a great taste - tender, juicy, good seasoning, mixed well with sauces, you name it had it.  
My sides were the roasted garlic mac and cheese and with that name you thought you would get something special.  It was good but nothing spectacular. Potato salad was different as it was made from red potatoes, Cajun spices, and celery.  I hate celery. If it wasn't for the celery, it would have been really good.
The sauces were fantastic ! 3 sauces - house which was a tomatoey vinegar, sweet Carolina vinegar, and jerk - which you won't find anywhere else.  The house and jerk were impressive while the Carolina needed a little more spice to it.  I had a few drops that tasted close to water.
Blue Oak has a big problem though....they are STINGY with their meat! I was so disappointed when I saw the portion size of my meat.  I paid $16 and all I got were 2 small ribs and one fat piece of brisket. I have to admit, it's hard to beat the taste of their BBQ. But I have been to countless BBQ places that have given you more for less.  I almost considered going back to the counter and saying, "Where's the meat?" 
The BBQ and sauces had a wonderful taste, and the sides were pretty good.  But for what I paid and what I received, will make me think twice about coming back.Thankfully they came by our office with fliers  otherwise I would never know about this gem. 
Tried: pork platter with Mac n cheese and brussel sprouts, egg rolls, pork and black eyed pea chili, jerk BBQ wings and lost boy sandwich. Absolutely no complaints about anything. It was all delicious. 
I'm always a little skeptical of places that have 5 stars and always expect it won't be as good as everyone says, but this was deliciously amazing. 
Happy hour wing price is fantastic. 
Just be careful what time you go because if you stay too late you might have to pay a cover charge as bands play here 6 nights a week.First night in New Orleans. Decided to get take out from Blue Oak. The food was just wow. Had a 2 meat platter, pork ribs and chicken. Pork was just done right. Also got their Cheese sandwich. Really really awesome. Best Brussels sprouts I've eaten ever. Mac and cheese was great too. All that for $21. Think I will eat here again before we leave New OrleansI like the proliferation of BBQ joints blooming in New Orleans.  Each one with their own neighborhood take.  I like this neighborhood and I like Blue Oak's take on it, too.  Cafeteria-style works for the quick service.  The menu is very straight forward, too.  I like the inside / outside option to eating space.  Beef brisket is the way to go in this joint.  And greens.  Barq's Root Beer goes with everything.  When I'm playing around Bayou St. John, this is a go-to for a quick sandwich!No cons, all delicious.
Let's talk about a great little place with a family feel and finger licking good food.
The owners seem to be passionate about the culinary side of a nightly entertainment venue, and it sure comes out in their food.
Hearty pulled pork and brisket that melts in your mouth, some bomb brussels sprouts, strong cup of mac, flash fried wings and a grilled cheese that had so much flavor we weren't sure the toasted bread could withhold it all. 
Check out schedule for nights with entertainment but honestly any night at Chickie Wah Wah is a win. 
Thank you guys for a great night,
Los Angeles FamilyI ordered the brisket which was priced at $14.  If you like your meat to be 1/3 fat and swimming in grease you will love this place.  Also, if you never cared for brussels sprouts go ahead and try them here.  You will never be able to guess what they are because they are charred and swim in the same mounds of grease as the brisket.  I must say they are really unique!BUYER BEWARE!!!!! 
If you order on Postmates or UberEats STAY AWAY. In fact all consumers should stay away due to this injustice. 
Let me give you some background: For a fee through Postmates, Postmates drivers walk into Blue Oak, wait in line, order food on your behalf, pay, leave, and deliver it to you. BUT, when Blue Oak sees the Postmates credit card, they automatically tack on a 20% gratuity tip. Do not get me wrong, I have been a server for years and ALWAYS tip to-go orders when I see fit; however, for Blue Oak to add 20% to an order without the buyer's consent is WRONG.
I called Blue Oak and spoke to the manager (Nina maybe?) and she told me that Blue Oak finds the Postmates drivers to be rude. That's fine! I get it! Postmates drivers can probably be rude! But does Blue Oak charge every rude customer 20% extra? When I asked her if she found it wrong to charge an unknowing consumer (me) 20% more because Blue Oak finds the drivers to be rude she said: "well the owners and I don't mind.. we make more tips"
In the end, as a consumer, I pay Postmates to order and deliver my food on my behalf; Blue Oak has ZERO right to charge me 20% more for a service that does not affect their business whatsoever.AMAZING! Definitely order the brisket and Brussels sprouts. The brisket MELTS in your mouth! We also had a special of spicy beans and rice which was tasty. Limited indoor seating, but cute patio with lots more space. This is my new go-to for bbq!I'm from Texas so was this place the best BBQ I've ever had? No, BUT it's by far the best BBQ I've had while living in New Orleans so I think it is still worthy of 5 stars.  I had the pulled pork plate with mac & cheese and the brussels sprouts and my boyfriend had the 2 meat plate with brisket and sausage, the mac & cheese and potato salad.   The potato salad wasn't very good in our opinion but the other sides were delicious. The mac & cheese were creamy with a light bread crumb topping, which gave it some extra texture.  The pulled port was really good and we both agreed that it was the best tasting meat of what we had overall.  The sausage was a little spicy but not bad.  This is a gem of a restaurant and I would go back.Finally real BBQ in Nola!  Nice to see someone take pride in their juicy meat. Best wings in town!The family and I stopped by on a Sunday at about 11:30.
The line was short and we managed to get a table inside.
The food came quickly and was very good.
I especially enjoyed the brisket and the Brussel sprouts.
The space is small, but there is seating outside.
We would return.Extremely good BBQ!  Brisket is perfect.  Great bark, fat rendered, great smoke.  Sausage is awesome as well.  Highly recommended.I don't 5 star many places but this one was absolutely worth it! We were in New Orleans celebrating a dear friend's Mother's birthday and were actually en route to another barbecue place when I came across this spot on Yelp and after seeing how many reviews they had and still maintained a 4.5 star rating I suggested we try this place instead...well let me tell you they met and exceeded our expectations! 
I had the 3 meat combo with sliced brisket, chicken, and pulled pork, red skin potato salad, and mac and cheese...my friend had the ribs, potato salad and mac and cheese...everything was phenomenal! The dry rub was excellent, I never had skinless chicken that still had a crunch to it from the caramelization of the rub. They also had several different BBQ sauces to try from including their own house blend, a vinegary Carolina sauce, and a spicy Jerk style to name just what was on our table. Not to mention the customer service was top notch, they were patient with us out-of-towners, and everyone was just amazingly friendly and nice, they even remembered us when my friends Mom who was celebrating her birthday insisted we go back the next day for lunch... I recommend this place to anyone in the New Orleans area looking for good barbecue and a good atmosphere!Really enjoyed the brisket, the mac and cheese, and the cheese grits. The sauces were also good.  The sausage was fair at best. 
Place was packed when we were there which makes it a tight fit, unless you want to eat outside.Decided to give this place a try. Food is good; particularly at  Happy Hour prices. We had wings & nachos which were delicious. Inside feels more like a take out restaurant. Tables inside  are placed a bit awkwardly & squeezed together. Outside was humid & the flys were swarming. Only one bartender so you must keep standing in line to get alcohol. Not the experience we were hoping for, but we would return for take out.We almost always do take-out. One thing we do not like is that you cannot call your orders in advance but when you do order upon arriva, it doesn't take too long for your food to come out.  So I guess that's better than having it sit on the shelf waiting for you to arrive!
The ribs are really good.  The pickles that come on the side are delicious. I don't understand why they waste bread by giving you a slice of white bread. I don't know anybody who eats it.
Very happy to see that they now sell a rack a la carte. . They used to and then they stopped and now they started again and this time it's even on the menu! It does say full rack but they will sell you a half rack. $15 for six bones
We also got an order of wings to split.  They were delicious.
Wish they had a place to park for when you are just picking up your orders.  Parking there is not easy.  But don't let it stop you from going!This place is incredible! I've tried a few different kinds of their meats and they have all been moist and perfectly cooked. The nachos are by far my favorite thing on the menu. You get so much food for pretty cheap. It can probably easily feed two. All the sides are great too, all around very good food!!Not sure how and why the reviews are so high. Brisket was dry and quite bland. Sandwich was lackluster. We were so disappointed! Group of 3 had to sit outside in chilly weather (outside seating had no heat).Great neighborhood BBQ... the food was very good and prices were decent. The outside family style and individual seating was great. They staff is quick at delivering food and being attentive. Food was out in a hurry... I am no champion BBQ reviewer... they had a solid product and a well run establishment.Inside Chickie Wah Wah, BBQ is the perfect touch.  The garlic mac n cheese is to die for and the brussle sprouts -- yes brussle sprouts are awesome.  Loved it!  Will be a repeat when we are back in the big easySecond time ive trued blue oak. Disappointed again
I asked the woman when ordering if her brussel sprouts were the overcooked burnt soggy style she said no they're delicious and yet they were overcooked greasy limp and black couldn't eat them their gumbo special was also extremely boring only thing good is their meat stay away from their sides you want really good barbecue go to the Joint in the BywaterBest BBQ in New Orleans hands down! They had tender and juicy brisket, fall off the bone ribs, and delicious side dishes! Their smoked wings were perfectly crisp with a sweet and savory glaze. I would recommend the brussel sprouts. You wouldn't expect a BBQ joint to have roasted brussel sprouts, but Blue Oak's will not disappoint. This will be my go-to restaurant when I feel like having BBQ while in Nola.I don't know why BBQ tends to be priced lower than food at other restaurant.  What they can do with meat is beyond words as far as I am concerned!
Had they Chicken thigh and leg  and the pulled pork with 4 different sides. This was the right amount of food for 2 people.   
Chicken had a nice crisp on the skin and somehow the thigh meat tasted like white meat I'm not sure how they did that , not that it wasn't packed with tenderness and flavor because it was! Pulled pork was good, didn't stand out for me as much as the chicken but still very good.
Sauce was the most outstanding part of the meal - got the original and it was smoky and sweet with an indescribable flavor, I'm sure their spice mix is a well kept secret.
Sides - got the mac and cheese, Brussel sprouts, red beans and rice (special that day), and slaw.   SLAW stood out the most, I believe there was ginger in it.  Red Beans and Rice my second favorite, lotsa flavor without being mushy.  Brussel Sprouts where the only thing I would change, they were overdone and overdressed.
Great textures, flavors, every detail seemed to be well thought out.  Staff couldn't be nicer!Brussel Sprouts and the Jerk Wings are incredible! Hands down best BBQ in New Orleans. Don't sleep on Blue OakExtremely delicious food l, love that you can get your bbq and sit down at the bar and get a beer. Highly recommended except a little pricey.Food is very good , wish the portions were larger though. House BBQ sauce goes nice with the meats, will definitely come back so I can try everything, this is my second time, first time I had the Mac and cheese and it was not that good, I like the traditional pickles ,all other places has those cukes being passed off as pickles.. brisket was tender and moist so was the ribs, BBQ Nachos were great also. Prices are a little on the high side thoughRevised for visit today down 2 stars. Really, really good barbq. I can't tell you what my favorite food was because the pulled pork sandwich, wings and slaw were all outstanding. Actually, the slaw was best I ever had in my life. I need to figure out their recipe. The sandwich was great (although I wish it were on whole wheat bread, it was on sesame bun) meat was smokey and delicious and the wings! I never had smokey grilled hot wings before, they were outstanding! Not too saucy so I think they'd be ok for dieters. Just protein and flavor. I didn't taste sugar. It's convenient for take out and cool enough now to sit outside if you don't want to pay the cover to get inside. Just writing about it makes me wish they were open for lunch. I will return, but next time I promise photos.Great food. Warm friendly service. But wear a coat or a parka if inside as they crank up the A/C.  We asked to turn it down to no avail. But maybe they guess the spicy ribs, brisket and chicken will be enough to keep you warm? Nope.  Again, great food.I've been looking forward to eating here for a while since I moved from baton rouge and have yet to find a really good bbq place. we went a little late and placed an order for a brisket plate with mac and cheese and potato salad and the pulled pork nachos. as soon as we placed our order they announced they were out of the brisket.
we were pretty much done with our beers by the time we got our food. after hearing the announcement and checking out my brisket plate it was evident I got the end of it and it was super fatty, like almost all fat and no meat. I returned to the counter to explain that I had heard them say they were out and I was uninterested in the end of the brisket. they replaced my plate with pulled pork & no bread. the pulled pork was very good but I'm sad I missed the brisket.  the nachos were pretty delicious and had a good amount of meat on them.
the mac and cheese was just ok, not a big fan of the bread crumbs on top. we had a 3 year old with us and she wasn't interested in it, at all. the potato salad tasted like crab boil a little and liked salt and pepper. both were mediocre and I probably wouldn't order either again. 
this place wasn't bad but I definitely wasn't impressed. I guess my search for bbq in nola continues.Texan here. In case you were wondering...this place knows how to bbq. Get the 2 meat plate with brisket and pulled pork. Excellent.I love the BBQ scene in New Orleans especially how each place puts heifer own Cajun soon on it. Blue Oak BBQ is killing it with the classics and their Spicy Chicken sandwich.
The decor is a simple straight forward industrial BBQ look which I really dig. I also like the open kitchen so you can see how the magic is made.
They have the classics Brisket, Pull Pork, Chicken, Ribs and sausage. I am a brisket aficionado and they are serving or of the best I've had in NOLA. 
The Pull Pork is packed with flavor and just the right amount of fat. 
Now what really sets Blue Oak BBQ sport from the rest is their long list of Sandwiches which one really doesn't find at other BBQ places. My favorite is the Spicy Chicken Sandwich that is only served on Tuesdays. It's is a crunchy, juicy, meaty sandwich that will hit all your comfort food buttons. It's one of the best sandwich's in the city!Far and away the top BBQ in New Orleans. I'd say the Brisket shines the most, but holy crap the smoked chicken wings! Treat yourself to the chili glazed brussels sprouts or the garlic mac on the side.This is a nice addition to the Carrollton Ave/Streetcar line. I'm not a fan of bbq but the favors here has changed my mind a bit. 
The location is the old Fellines so it's a perfect corner spot. There is some shared parking in the front of the building, and on the side of he building they have about 5 spots. The rear of the building also has additional parking spots.
The dine inside or outside is a major plus! The patio area gives a nice private feel with a dash of Carrollton Ave on the other side of the bushes, which can be easily tuned out.
 The inside has a bar where you can walk up and have that personal interaction with the bartender (mine was GREAT ....forgot where she was from ...thick accent from Russia I think). There is also seating at the bar. The bar had some good selections of wine, beer, and whiskey. 
The food, the food so great. I had brisket and pork and beans. The meat was so tender. I'm not a fan of the lunch room style way of everything though. It's best to go grab a seat and look over the menu. Whom ever is with you may need to go stand in line and get their orders going, so you can save a seat for your party. The line moves quickly. Speedy service. 
Drinks great, food great, great location. 5 sAmazing Brussels!!!! The best I've had. The brisket is tender and juicy. But those Brussels!!!! Get a Bloody Mary and a platter and you're set!Fantastic experience. Friendly service, incredible food. Good drink selection. Lots of seating. 3 different BBQ sauces to choose from. What's not to like
Brisket was good, not dry at all. Ribs were good. Not the best I've had but still falling off the bone for the most part. Baked beans were probably their best side, ma n cheese was a close runner up. Brussel sprouts were pretty tasty as well
I have to come back to try their spicy chicken sandwich on Tuesday, and their spicy chicken wings.Great smoked flavor. Pulled pork nachos are super delicious and  so big it could be a meal on its own. There's nothing that I don't recommend. Only issues is that it is really loud on a Friday night. We tried all the meats and everything was absolutely awesome.The music selection is great and the staff is so cute. The sides are plentiful and the pulled chicken sandwich is delicious. Omg my favorite JLO song just started playing too. This place is the best. Thank you Blue Oak.Great food. Fast and friendly service at a reasonable price. I would recommend to anyone.I'll make this short n sweet. Great food. Very fast service. Cozy atmosphere and tastefully smooth beer! Highly recommended!Let me start by saying I'm fat BBQ loving trucker and this place probably has the best I have had in awhile. I will be for more of this stuff for sure. The brisket melted like no other. The ribs had an intense smokey flavor and the pulled pork was just awesome. Thanks guys once againI'm so proud of my boys at Blue Oak BBQ! They're all grown up with their own New spiffy place on N Carrollton! And the BBQ is better than ever. Keep up the great work men!I'll do the conclusion first: 
If your in New Orleans, and want the best BBQ, this is the place! 
I have tried out a range of places on my trip to NOLA, and this is the one place I can guarantee I will come back to next time I'm in the city. 
I ordered the three-pice meat and had large excellent wings, fall-of-the-bone ribs, and my favorite, the brisket. The brisket was just perfect, you just have to try it! I also got two sides, and had cole slaw and mac&cheese. 
This amazing meal cost me just 18$, talk about great value!
It is situated in a bar called 'Chickie Wah Wah', and the bartender there was great aswell. 
They have live music every night, typically at 9, so if your there at 7:30 you shoul be able to get a table so you an eat first then enjoy a few beers and some live music. All in all a great package!We came here while we were visiting New Orleans because of all of the great reviews it had - but we were not that impressed.
This place is slightly outside of the down town area - but we though we'd head over there regardless since we love BBQ and it had great reviews. When we go there, the guy at the door charged us a cover charge just to order food since we said we wanted to sit there to eat it. Being on vacation, and committed to eating there by this point, we paid it.
Once inside, we realized that Blue Oak was within a bar and we should not have been charged the cover just to eat there. After talking with the bouncer he eventually gave the cover charge back if we agreed not to sit and eat there (and he made us feel uncomfortable the rest of the time we waited for our food). So we walked back to down town as we ate, then caught the trolley the rest of the way back once we were done eating. Even if we had wanted to stay we wouldn't have because the music there was horrendous - but that was the bar and not Blue Oak.
The pulled pork sando was average. The pulled chicken was really good, but needed a lot of hot sauce. We didn't know it came with coleslaw on the sandwich and since I'm allergic to mayo, and we were walking down the street once we opened the bags, I had to eat it with the top bun and half the chicken scraped off.
The sides (brussels sprouts and beans) were sub par and we just threw them away after a few bites.
We ended up leaving hungry still and not impressed with the effort it took to get a few "just okay" sandwiches.
The reviews surprise me because based on my experience I would not recommend it to anyone. There are so many good places to eat in New Orleans and this is not one of them.Yummy! Even my I-don't-do-BBQ husband loves Blue Oak. The ribs and brisket are delicious, but those Brussels sprouts are devine. We have been back several times and the food is consistently good!GF  and I drove in from Baton Rouge to go to Celebration in the Oaks and wanted to eat somewhere casual and close to City Park. We arrived at Blue Oak around 5:00 PM, and the place was about half full already. Typical BBQ style restaurant of get in line, order, and sit down. I'm not a fan of these type of ordering systems because I feel rushed, but we did our homework before arriving. Still, it took a little while to order because some of the idiots in front of us decided to finally look at their menu when they got to the woman taking orders. 
I ordered the 3 Meat Plate and for $20 it came with three nice helpings of meat and two sides. A really good value. My GF got the Brisket Plate with two sides. With two drinks, the total came out to around $38. Not bad at all. 
We sat down and each table had three types of BBQ Sauce - A house, a Carolina style, and a jerk style. The jerk was probably my favorite but all were very good. 
Trigger Warning: The word "moist" will be used a lot. 
My meal:
Brisket - Perfection. Smokey, a great crust, and moist. 
Pulled Pork - Very good, tasted great, and...moist. 
Chicken - Some of the best smoked chicken I've ever had. Skin was crispy and meat was moist. 
Sesame Cole Slaw - I liked it as first but the sesame oil really overpowered it. It wasn't sweet at all, and this was a nice break from the sweet sauces and meats. So it kind of worked and kind of didn't. 
Brussel Sprouts - Some of the best I've ever had. Beautifully roasted and tasted delicious. A must have. 
The white bread, pickles, and onions were perfect to make a little pulled pork taco with. I really liked how thin the onions were cut. 
Her meal:
Brisket - Same as before. Perfect. 
Cole Slaw - GF liked it a lot despite the strong sesame oil 
Mac n Cheese - It was very good and garlicy, but also very dense. I had a bite of hers and it was enough for me to satisfy my carb craving. She enjoyed it. 
It took us around 40 minutes, start to finish, and by then there was a nice line of people waiting to order. I highly recommend this place as having some legit BBQ in New Orleans, which we really need in this state. From reading online reviews, they appear to have something special here, and with their consistent product and catering menu, I can see them being very successful for a long time.Briiiiiiisket. Chop it slice it, flip it up rub it down oh noooo! So good. Brussels are also sent down from the heavens. Will definitely return next trip out to NOLA.Blue Oak never disappoints. The nachos are awesome and the wood smoke flavor of the BBQ is delicious. I also love the unique sides that they offer. We had the cold corn side with queso and the flavor was amazing. The brussel sprouts and mac n' cheese were really good as well. If you like BBQ, you've got to give this place a shot.The best BBQ in New Orleans! Consistently delicious and the restaurant has a great vibe and a nice outdoor seating area. Favorite items are the brisket, ribs, chicken wings, brussel sprouts and potato salad.Came here after sitting at the Toups Meatery. What can I say except WOW! I am not a barbecue fan in general by any means. I've been to countless BBQ joints in Texas and Florida and have never been a big fan. But this place changes my whole view and outlook of barbecue. 
We had some delicious brisket and after reading a few other reviews decided on the roasted brussel sprouts and garlic Mac and cheese. All I can say is outstanding and I'm glad we did. Mac and cheese is another item I traditionally am not big on but this may have been the best I've ever had. The roasted brussel sprouts had a sweetness to them I wasn't expecting but after one bite saw how they fit right in with bbq.
If I'm ever in town again and have a hankering for barbecue this is the place I'm coming to. Best barbecue ever!Awesome food. Just come here early so you can enjoy the ribs they run out. The garlic Mac and cheese is really good.Everything was phenomenal! Pescetarians, the shrimp tacos are some of the best I have had. If you hate Brussels Sprouts, Blue Oak's will change your mind. They're to die for. And you won't taste mac and cheese like this anywhere else. Definitely check them out!Well... first of all, the food was expensive. I went out today with 7 dollars expecting to go get some shrimp plates, but decided against it becuz i was feeling some good meet. I luv meet, I'm black, so of course i love meet. But the food was really expensive. I ended up gettin a 3 plate combination of 3 kinds of meets: Beef Brisket, Chicken Leg & Thigh, St. Louis Ribs. For aiswa I got Mac N Cheese (ASS) and Potato Salade (ALSO ASS). I shouldve gotten the BBQ beans but my ass wasnt feeling it that day so i passed. The Mac n Cheese tasted good, but the surface tasted like dusty ass steel. AND WHO EATS COLD POTATO SALAD. LIKE CMON BRUH. I AINT WHITE. It tasted like straight ass ice. The meet didnt fill me up too man. They gave us one piece of bread and expect us to eat a sandwich with that... Also i ordered a water and DIDNT EVEN GET THAT WATER. the sauces are booty and gave me cancer. ribs was 3/10 and wings were tasteless, but its chicken so ill give a 3.5/10 overall... ass AND THEY SAID THEY WERE VEGAN FREE, BUT GIVE US BRUSSEL SPROUTS. CMON BRUH. i would only recommend if you white and like spending money. Dont eat that ass walmart bread ResidentSleeper.
-Courtesy of Ya Boy DezmondWaste of money and waste of time.  Food was dry and flavorless and the service was snobby and obnoxious.. please change my 1 to a 0Finally! Thank you BBQ gods! Real thanks to the owners who put obvious love and time behind some amazing food. As I've said before it's difficult to find good BBQ in New Orleans. Well, look no further. Go eat here! No, I'm not getting paid for this review...the food is that good!!Their smoked burgers are boss.  Their beans, are also boss - best BBQ beans in New Orleans. Their wings are solid. Also have had their brisket tacos, which are excellent.  Have no complaints. Great food, great prices.Visiting NOLA, Blue Oak was recommended by locals. We went this evening and were pleasantly surprised. Decor is industrial barbecue, very hip. We shared a 3 way dinner of brisket, pulled pork and chicken, they run out of the ribs. Brisket was served cold, very tender, wasn't bad, but wasn't the best. The pulled pork was nice, lukewarm though, and you could taste the smoke, very tasty. The chicken was the favorite of these two beef lovers, nice crispy skin, great seasoning, and very juicy. The sides we got were mac & cheese, beans, and potato salad. All very good! The beans were our favorite!! The cost was really reasonable and the staff was pleasant. We would send our friends.Great BBQ! I've enjoyed the brisket, pulled pork, wings, and ribs. Be careful having the nachos because once you do you'll continue to crave them for the rest of your life. But my real love in life are side items. Brussels and garlic mac and cheese forever. Parking can be tough. But some things in life are worth schlepping for.If I had one quibble here, it would be that I found the pulled BBQ pork ever-so-slightly too salty for my taste. This small point was offset by...
1. Brisket that is out-of-this-world.
2. Great sides. The mac-n-cheese and the black-eyed peas are delicious.
3. Easy, fun atmosphere. They have a great bar, as well as ample indoor and outdoor space that is casual and kid-friendly.
4. Nice people. Everyone that had the slightest interaction with me did things like smile, ask me how I enjoyed my meal, offered helpful suggestions, etc. Honestly, I did not expect such good service from a place that could easily rest on its food and reputation.Amazing BBQ! We weren't expecting much when we decided to stop in as we passed by but this was phenomenal BBQ, comparable even to some of the famous spots in Texas.I'm from the best BBQ state in the union ; ), but Blue Oak definitely gives NC a run for its money! This is a NOLA go to for me on every trip! Try the chopped brisket and chopped pork with a side of garlic mac'n'cheese. You will not be disappointed!This was my first visit to blue oak and it was absolutely delicious! I will definitely revisit this place and recommend them to friends and family.This is the best, best, BEST place in the city to get wings! The wings were seasoned to perfection and the sauce just adds to the already flavorful meat. My husband and I have been looking for a good bbq place in NOLA and we have found it! The burger was perfectly smoky, the pulled pork was tender and needed no extra sauce to make it flavorful, and their homemade sausage will make you fall in love! We also had the Mac and cheese, the special of the night collard greens and the Brussel sprouts. All of the sides were just as good as the meat itself. This place is a diamond inside of a dive bar and soooooooo worth the drive!We came with a group and got fast and super friendly service.  The food was all amazing.  Seriously nothing bad to say.This may sound funny but I'm more of a side item kind of guy when it comes to barbecue places. Now the chopped brisket sandwich was pretty good but I really enjoyed the garlic mac n cheese the most. Yummy carbs with a crust on top with a local brew was the fix I needed here. Next time I go I will have to try the potato salad. It looked good but can verify that. I will be backThe food is incredible and always fresh. It's best to come before or after the 12 o'clock rush which can get very busy in there . Location is great, parking can sometimes be a challenge, over all great place.I went there over the weekend with a group of people. I ordered the nachos since I heard they were super good. As someone else said on here,the Rum House nachos are way better and I agree. The portions are very small. You get 1 layer of chips with basic toppings. Yes the meat is good but you definitely over pay for what they give you. If you go to Velvet Cactus you get way more nachos with a good amount of meat for the same price. Plus they give you bottomless chips. The rest of my party ordered the burgers that came with sides. Again for that price you should get a little more. I don't know what the crazy fascination is with this place. Yeah it's bbq but it's not earth shattering. Next time I want bbq ribs or meat I'll just go to Rouses down the street and pick some up.Really awesome brisket tacos that were on special! Everything else that we saw looked really good. Try the Brussels sprouts!!Thoroughly good BBQ. Never disappoints. Love the wings, all flavors are delicious, and they're smoky goodness.My fiancée and I were in New Orleans this past weekend for the Red Dress Run and had driven past Blue Oak on Friday night, it piqued our curiosity so we made plans to come back Saturday night.  We were both very pleased with our selections, she got the brisket with Mac n cheese and I got the jerk sandwich with potato salad and all I have to say is WOW!  The brisket was so tender and it practically melted in your mouth, the flavor was amazing.  The jerk chicken was probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, it was sweet but had a tiny bit of spice on the backside, so good!Brussels sprouts....to die for!  Mac n cheese, to die for!  A gem in the city. Loved it!!!!I eat here once a week the food is incredible. The chicken I'd to die for and the brussell sprouts. you guys are great and customer service you can also call in an order and reserve special cuts.Hubby and I are back . Food is always great . However the Service is a hit or miss . At the beginning it was a miss . The owner did jump in . We came right before shift change on 4-18-2018 at 3:30 pm for Happy hour apps and the Two meats plate. The three people that we would love to applaud is the Server Barbados ,  the Am Cashier , and Sal the Pm Manager . They were very passionate,My boyfriend and I had a great experience here during our recent trip to New Orleans (last week). We had trouble deciding which items to try, but finally settled on the 2-meat platter with two sides (pulled pork and beef brisket with mac and cheese and the Brussel sprouts) and one of the items on special, the pulled pork tacos. For an appetizer, we got the deviled eggs.
We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and the atmosphere. The BBQ "restaurant" is a walk-up within the Chickie Wah Wah bar and you're able to sit anywhere inside the establishment. If you choose to dine in after 8 pm, expect to pay a cover since they usually have live music that goes on then. We got there earlier and were able to enjoy the one-man warm up while we ate (good stuff--not too loud/overbearing, which can often happen at these venues). 
The space was cool--good atmosphere and good beer/cider selection, with lots of local options. 
I loved the deviled eggs (they had a nice kick to them) and of the meats, the pulled pork was definitely my favorite. (I'm not really a big meat eater, but I'm willing to give in for good BBQ). The Brussell sprouts were also a crowd favorite. Definitely looking forward to making it back here again!Best chopped beef BBQ sandwich in NOLA! Served on a charred bun with the grease from the beef soaking into it. MMMmmmmmmmm. Oh and the mac and cheese is delish too! And if you don't want to pay the cover charge, you can order your Blue Oak BBQ at the outside window.6/5.
Without a doubt the best BBQ in NOLA and one of the best meat-centric eats I've had.  The ribs != *Honestly the best bbq I've ever had in my mouth. Went after a beautiful day at city park we worked up an appetite and decided to walk here. Ordered the ribs and brisket with a side of sprouts and Mac. Best thing ever! Also tried the chicken salad sandwich made to perfection. Do yourself a favor and make sure you stop here the jerk bbq sauce was my favorite. I wish I was able to come back here before I leave back to Cali, I'll definitely be back when we come visit again.Finally ended up at Blue Oak BBQ after trying many of the other BBQ joints around time. What has kept me from this place is the pretentious owner of Chikiwawa and their policy of emphasizing that this place is not a restaurant and the food is really a to go item. Thank zeus that they are moving to their own place on Carrollton soon. Two friends and I split a rack of ribs with baked beans and mac and cheese sides. The ribs were excellent though much better eaten as dry rub because the sauces here do not compliment the meat it takes away from it. The sides were great too, the beans were meaty and smoky while the mac and cheese was very flavorful though I am not that big a fan of mac and cheese. The price is not bad considering the size of the spare ribs and sides. I will be back for sure when they move into their new digs. I really dislike their current ones.I love  BBQ but can honestly say, this place didn't overly impress me.  We ordered sausage and pork.  Both were good, just expected it to be great.Best BBQ I've had in the New Orleans area and best brisket I've ever had in the world. Professional and friendly staff and nice atmosphere to go with it. This is the bar for me when comparing BBQ joints in the New Orleans area. I hope they put beef ribs on the menu in the future.Wanted to try this place since its close than The Joint. I'm a brisket fan so the portion was very small and extremely fatty. I understand you need fat while cooking brisket but you don't serve fat to your customers and the fat content was about equal to the brisket you could eat. The sausage was spicy and fantastic. The beans were by far the best i've had in any BBQ eatery. The potato salad was also very good. Hard to get over the small portions of the meats especially for the price they charge. 
So I'll give this place another try mainly because of the sides and I'll try another entree, however in my view The Joint still rules the BBQ in NOLA.So freakin' good!  Been twice in four days....OMG, this could become a problem!  I HIGHLY recommend the brisket nachos (with extra cheese).
I do recommend they get a fly zapper for the outside area.  I know bugs can't be totally controlled, but this may help a bit.
OK, another recommendation or two.  Add a seasonal fruit dessert and a baked potato.Their chopped Brisket is the best I've ever had. So glad that we spotted Blue Oak while driving by and decided to stop in. My wife enjoyed her chicken and daughters loved both the ribs and pulled pork. Everyone left happy and fulll.  The Brussel sprouts were different (in a good way.). Charred with a hint of BBQ sauce. And Mac n Cheese was first rate!.Blue Oak makes The Joint run for their money in my opinion. Not only is the BBQ brisket, pulled pork and chicken better, (smokier, juicer, more flavorful) but their mac and cheese is creamier, richer and full of flavor! All of their sides are superior by comparison! This was the first time that my boyfriend not only tried a brussel sprout, but LIKED said bbq smothered brussel sprout and had more??? If they can make that miracle happen, then think of how amazing the food truly is.Standard BBQ. Found it to be real salty. Drank a gallon of water after eating there since it was so salty. Good service and a pleasant outdoor seating area.If you are looking for an amazing BBQ joint, you have to visit Chiki Wah Wah and eat at Blue Oak.  I have been there 3 times in a 7 day period, and I am looking forward to going back.  
The wings are delicious; thus far, I haven't been able to get away from the Rooster sauce, but I have promised myself that I will try the other sauces, too.  Anything with the brisket is simply divine, but the nachos may be my favorite.  As for the sides, Ronnie and Phil make the best macncheese I have had anywhere, and the greens and brussel sprouts are sinful.
My only regret is that I have been checking in at Chicki because I didn't realize there was a separate location for Blue Oak.  I go there more for the food than the music.  :)Best food we had in New Orleans. Really happy to happen upon this place when we were heading back to the French quarter from City Park. The deviled eggs were amazing as well as the Brussel sprouts and Brisket. Much better than tourist spots in the French quarter.My friend recommended this place and I'm so thankful he did because we had an incredible experience. The ribs, sandwich and roasted mac and cheese were ON POINT. Best mac and cheese ever. The only thing I want to comment on was the chicken didn't have the spice to it. There were spicy sauces provided but it wasn't spicy at all for me. May be it's just a preference thing but overall great food and great service. Definitely coming back whenever I visit again.I used Blue Oak to cater my wedding rehearsal dinner event and the food was outstanding. We had several guests from Memphis, TN who are BBQ "critics" that also spoke highly of the food. I worked directly with Phil the owner and he was very helpful and accommodating. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone I know.I was never a fan of brussels sprouts until I tasted the ones at Blue Oak. OMG! I could eat a double order of these. They are amazing. The jerk chicken wings are awesome. The ribs are to-die-for, and the BBQ beans are creamy and smoky delicious. Actually, everything I've had on this menu was delicious!Mmk, I've finally found my go-to NOLA barbeque.
These guys are from Tennessee and somehow in that tiny little kitchen on the side of Chickie Wah Wah, they make some great food.  
I've done both dine-in and take-out.  First visit I had the pulled pork sandwich with the mac 'n cheese and brussel sprouts as sides.  Ok, I loved pulled pork with slaw on a bun.  And this stuff was good.  Not too fatty, not too sauce-y, and a little bit sweet as Tennessee bbq sauce should be.  The mac 'n cheese is great - the boyfriend loves it down to the last bite.  And the brussel sprouts, as has been pretty widely said, are amazing.  Great balsamic-y, roast-y taste with just the right amount of crunch.  
Second visit, we tried the 2 meat platter with the sausage and brisket.  Sausage is spicy, not my favorite flavors but not bad either.  Brisket was good, but I still think the pulled pork was best choice.
Eating in is a fun experience (see Chickie Wah Wah's page for more details on the bar scene).  Whether you eat in or take out, get your buns over to try out Blue Oak!Loved this place. Cute and clean place and food was amazing. Order at the counter and they bring food out, service was quick. The mac n cheese was delicious. Definitely recommend.Holy moly! Y'all, if you're in Nola and you're in the mood for some amazing BBQ, this is the place to come! The food was amazing! The St. Louis Rib meat fell off the bone. The pulled pork was the best I've ever had. And the Brisket was sinful. The sauces are all delicious. You simply cannot go wrong whichever you choose. The sides are bomb also! I had the garlic mac'n'cheese and the Brussels Sprouts. Amazing, y'all! Amazing! Highly recommend Blue Oak BBQ if and when you're ever in the Nola area.I went with a friend to Blue Oak for the first time this past Saturday.   We really loved the flavor and technique of the BBQ. We shared an order of smoked wings and each got a two meat platter. I got brisket and sausage with Brussel sprouts and Garlic mac, my friend got ribs and pulled pork with cheese grits and garlic mac. Everything was delicious.  To me, everything was better without sauce. They have an outstanding dry rub and the sauces (imo) subtract from the flavor. My friend said he liked the house sauce best, but didn't use it on anything after trying it. Thank you Blue Oak for throwing your hat in the ring among the few adventurous souls finally bringing quality BBQ to New Orleans.  The only reason I didn't give five stars is that my platter came with one sausage link and one piece of brisket. I wish I'd had enough for leftovers.Let's start with the good. Love the decor and location, great outside seating and delicious sweet tea. But overall this place let me down a bit. I'd been anticipating it so much but first, the portion size really surprised me. I got a combo plate, but it wasn't a lot of food. One measly slice of brisket and a scoop of pork. The flavor of the meat didn't impress me much either. Pulled pork was good but the brisket didn't have much flavor. Mac and cheese and baked beans were okay sides. Didn't really understand the pickles and raw onions or crackers at all....maybe it was an off night for them, but I love bbq and I was expecting much better food. Guess I'll be heading back to the joint!I have come here at least 5 times. The place and the staff are very friendly and professional. The food is ok. Please look at your brisket, it was very dry.Ribs fall the bones and and brisket tender.. Mac and cheese was delicious and have a nice garlic taste. Nice outdoor area to set and eat.The pulled pork is phenomenal and my wife loves the brisket. Meat is delicious and tender, we both love the beans and I like the potato salad quite a bit. We didn't care for the red beans and rice, too spicy to really get the flavor. We have a tip, if you are buying meat to go, bring the order over to a table and add bbq sauce. We ordered a pound of pulled pork and a pound of brisket to go and they gave us 3 tiny containers of bbq sauce. Kinda disappointing that we had to pull out a bottle of kraft to serve with the meat. :-(I had the 2 meat combo. PRETTY GOOD!!!  I MUST SAY THE SIDES ARE OK.  BUT  MY DRINK WAS REALLY GOOD. TE BARTENDER WAS AMAZING!  Especially since she have had an accent. I feel like she is amazing. She knew her drinks boiii!!!! Lol!!!!!!! 
So I ordered the 2 meat combo and it was pretty good. I really enjoyed it. Nice!  The meat was nice and tender and the house sauce was pretty nice! Overall I had a great time. Will be back!I hated everything about this place.  The ribs were ok but the flavoring included a strange herb taste.  The brisket, dry. The bbq sauces yuck.  The only good thing was their mac and cheese it was delish but I wanted good bbq the sides don't count as much as the meat.  Theres BETTER PLACES.  Don't waste your money!!!!!!!!Hands down, best bbq in New Orleans. The Brussels sprouts are so delicious, I could stop in just for them. Awesome food and atmosphere, wish the bar top was a little bigger but the outside seating is nice when the weather is good. Would recommend to family and friends.This place! Location is clean and service is quick. The food. Seriously- the meat is so tender, it will melt in your mouth. If you listen quietly, you may actually hear the angels singing as you bite into your brisket. Also- order the brussel sprouts. They are life-changing. I wish I lived in NOLA- this will be a definite must on my next visit. Quite possibly the best BBQ we've experienced and that's saying something!We came here because our host recommended it to us.  As soon as you walk up, you can tell it's going to be good because it's busy and smells amazing!  I ordered the 2 meat plate with brisket and ribs with the Brussels sprouts and Mac and cheese.  My husband ordered the pit viper sandwich with potato salad.  To start, the meat was melt in your mouth good.  The sides were equally as good.  The Brussels sprouts were seasoned well and the Mac and cheese had a nice crust on the outside.  They have 3 types of BBQ sauce you can use at your table.  House bbq, jerk, and spicy Carolina.  They were all good so you can't go wrong.  You order at the front and they bring the food to you.  It was quick and friendly service!  The atmosphere was nice, and they have a nice big area outside you can sit and eat too!  All around great place to grab food!We had lunch here this past weekend.  The brisket was A-MA-ZING!  As was the pulled pork.  The beans weren't great.  They tasted like onion and nothing else.  The mac & cheese would have been better with more cheese taste and less garlic.  For a brisket platter, a pulled pork sandwich, & 2 sodas, the bill was $31.  I felt it was fair, but a little high considering the beans were inedible.  
Will definitely go back for the BBQ and to try different side dishes.I am revising my orginal review.  I went today 6-23-2016. My 3 meat plate was very good and had the right amount of meat. I saw the guys in back measuring the meat now I guess so everyone gets the correct serving.  Everything was very good and on point.Brisket and Chicken were great! They only have ONE person taking orders which I thought was pretty ridiculous. By the time we got to order they were of course out of ribs. Sides were just okay. Definitely will come back and will try brussel sprouts... just hope the will put another order station in.Enjoyed the three meat plate with ribs, pulled pork & brisket with two sides of mac & cheese & Brussels sprouts. Everything was amazing! I'm from Texas & was glad to find great BBQ here in NOLA too! The Brussels sprouts are a MUST!First there was the hamburger invasion, then the pizza invasion, and now barbecue is all over New Orleans. Unfortunately, the barbecue places have often been short-lived. Hopefully Blue Oak Will change that trend.
We came here one early Friday evening after a July rain storm. The place was crowded, but we were able to order quickly and get a seat at this order at the counter wait for your food establishment. I had heard a lot about this place from several friends and was anxiously looking forward to trying it out. I can promise you it does not disappoint. The concept and the layout are both great. It is an extremely well-run establishment. And the food was well above average. 
I had the brisket and grilled sausage sandwich with coleslaw and a side of macaroni and cheese . The girlfriend had the brisket plate with brussel sprouts and a special side which was a watermelon salad.  The the brisket and sausage along with the barbecue sauce and coleslaw on the sandwich all played well together. The bun was not neglected as it is in some places like this. The bun was a beautifully baked bun from Laurel Street Bakery. It held up well to the mass of ingredients inside of it. A lesser bun would've completely fallen apart. The brisket on the plate was perfectly tender without being dry.The sides were great too. The macaroni and cheese was the star. It is good for so many reasons-the wonderful texture, the perfectly gooey cheesiness, the heavy garlic flavor tempered by the fact that the garlic is roasted not sautéed or raw. The watermelon salad was nice and refreshing actually serving as a palate cleanser. The brussel sprouts were nicely done, overly dressed, perhaps, with what appeared to be some type of preserves like fig or maybe pepper jelly. Not bad just a little overly sweet.
The girlfriend and I will definitely come back to this place. The chicken looked awesome, particularly the chicken wings. But my guess is that no matter what you order at Blue Oak you won't go wrong.I have lived in Texas and eaten barbecue from here and there and everywhere this place will rival any Texas barbecue on any given day the brussel sprouts are amazingThis was the most amazing barbecue place around this time last year. I had the brisket and pulled pork yesterday and it tasted like it was boiled in a pot. Macaroni and cheese was runny the only decent thing was the Brussels sprouts. Where'd all the magic go? Guess I'll be eating at the joint again unless something changes.Last week, I entered Blue Oak BBQ with a group of friends. I was instantly struck by the excitement. A line to the door, almost every table full, the bar flocking with people enjoying their Friday evening meals and drinks. The line moved quickly, and our meals came just as timely. I ordered the pulled pork plate, which included my choice of two sides. I chose the Mac n' Cheese and Brussels Sprouts. Both unique, flavorful, memorable. Above all, the BBQ Pulled Pork stole my heart. Just enough sweet, just enough tang, simple, perfect BBQ euphoria. I'm from the Pacific Northwest, and BBQ is a thing here, but it's difficult to find BBQ in my town that matches the heaven I was experiencing at Blue Oak that fine evening in New Orleans.This place is nothin short of amazing. The staff is very nice and friendly and most of all the food is the bomb!! Tip: if there is open seating at the bar you can order from there and skip the line.Incredible pulled pork sandwich. Service was friendly and the place has a cool vibe. Certainly will be here again. It's amazing how cohesive the staff works with only a few days under their belt. Good job guysGreat bbq, amazing sauces! Visiting from Florida and this was our first stop. Fun atmosphere and even better food!Some of the best BBQ that I have ever had! The ribs are SO freaking good. Went here around 7:00pm the other night and was so disappointed they ran out of ribs!! I had to settle for brisket and pulled pork. Didn't care for the pulled pork, but the brisket. THE FATTY BRISKET is SO good. My boyfriend's favorite thing here were the brussels sprouts. Really tasty stuff! I pray that the next time I go they're not out of ribs!6 months ago blue oak was 5 stars by far the best BBQ I had taste..  but lately the food is not the same and seems too be a different person cooking ...  the Brussels aren't the same and the overall quality of the brisket has even taken a hit,.. I'm a loyal fan since the days of chickie wa wa so I'm not rookie too blue oak and I know what too expect... I hope they get it sorted out because I'm taking a break until they do ‍  I usually go 1 time a week and the last 3 -5 visits have been meh ... which is still better than anywhere else in the city so call me spoiled ....idk but FIX IT!!!!!
Reply too Ronnie :  I love your place first off... too be exact ... the Brussels  ... they seem harder maybe cooked less ... and you hit it on the head with the meat there is a noticeable difference ... but I still won't go anywhere else for BBQ so rest assured I'm coming back I really appreciate you replyingHeard good things about this place from a few of my close friends/class mates decided to give it a try since it's near my apartment and I was craving BBQ. The cashier was very nice when we walked up to order, she was very knowledgeable about the menu when I asked a question about the potato salad and Mac & cheese (I was trying to pick out my two sides to go with my chicken plate) she gave her honest opinion, so I ordered the garlic Mac & cheese and BBQ beans (which are basically baked beans but they're sooooo good). We waited about I would say 6 minutes before our food came out which shocked me because I didn't expect the food to come out that fast lol. So that was a bonus. The staff are really friendly, the whole vibe of the establishment is really good. 
My meal:
I ordered the chicken plate which came with two pieces of chicken, my two sides, white bread, pickles and onions on the side, and a drink. When my plate arrived I thought (this isn't going to fill me up) but I was fooled, it did. The chicken was really good! It was very succulent and tender basically falling off the bone damn near. The outer layer of the chicken was really crispy and seasoned really well. I poured two of the house made bbq sauces on the chicken which gave it like an extra kick but still overall tasty. 
They have three different bbq sauces on your table, I mixed the two sauces together I believe one was the jerk sauce (mild/kinda spicy but still good) and another sauce (I forgot the name) which is more on the sweet side. So when I mixed them both together they balanced each other out. 
I will most definitely be coming back whenever I'm craving BBQ.This is the best bbq I have had in town.  It's on par with the joint but closer than the bywater (I recommend yelping the joint as well!)  The chicken is incredible.  They give you a house, jerk and carolina sauce, of which I thought the house tasted odd.  However, when I paired it with the chicken it was a match made in heaven.  Felt like the joint gives more meat but this place has pickled food. I recommend the combo to get the most bang for your buck.  When I finished I was pleasantly surprised, but I did eat my friend drumstick.  He asked me why I didn't say anything the whole dinner.  Its cause I was stuffing my face. 
[rating scale: 5 stars is my favorite of this type +/- an insane deal if the food is super cheap; 4 stars a normal haunt I revisit; 3 nice but once is enough; 2 I did not get food poisoning; 1 Damn I got staph here]This was by far the best BBQ I've had in New Orleans!! The Brussel sprouts were the best I've ever had and the meats were flavorful and cooked perfectly. Food came out super fast and great service. My boyfriend and I split the three meat combo with 2 sides for only $20 and it was a perfect size if you're not trying to over eat. I only wish that they pleasee serve cornbread every dayTotally changed my perspective on barbecue. Tastes just as good coming up as it did going down.To quote Yelp- "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" I still go to this place often and have never had a bad meal. The wings really hit the spot! Sometimes I just get all the sides because I can't decide on just one. 
Also, they always have a great poboy at Poboy Fest that I can never pass up!I've dined here twice about 8 months apart.  Just like the review says, meh - I've had better.  To me this is an easy place for "certain" (cough cough wht ppl) types of folks to eat BBQ without the mess involved.  I want real BBQ portions and real BBQ warmth to the food.  Not meat that's been sitting waiting to get scooped.  I always go for brisket and beef ribs at any bbq spot.  Sides can be better.  Spending all that money on silver trays instead of meat ratios.  I guess I'm tried of these fufu fancy wannbe cool chic spots that cater to clean eating bbq-ers.  Give me the meat portion, the sloppy sauce, and the googy mac n cheese.  Is that too hard to ask for?I've been back twice and tried another new bbq joint down the street. These guys are doing it right! I've had the ribs, brisket and pork now and each meal I had.
After trying a different place tonight both my wife and said Blue Oak is our spot for bbq. We'll be back for sure!You've got to try this place! I loved the pull pork sand which! They don't have a large selection of BBQ sauces. Of course they are all house made. We went for a beer fest they were having. Definitely worth the trip!This is about the 5th restaurant incarnation in the tiny little front kitchen at Chickie Wah Wah and like the others (Taceaux Loceaux, Garage Pizza, The Sammich, and I think at least one other) it's quite good though the food can take a while when there's a show and the line is long.  On an initial try we had the burger (REALLY good) and the pulled pork sandwich (good) as well as the sides of macaroni & cheese (very good) and ginger sesame slaw (sounded great on the menu, but bland and uninteresting).  On the second try we got the brisket sandwich which was really good but would have been even better on its own without the bread.  We haven't yet ordered ribs but during one show they carried in a tray of freshly smoked ribs from the back and they smelled awesome.
They have wing specials during 4-7 during happy hour on weekdays and are otherwise open 5:30 to 11:00 PM which is perfect with the Chickie Wah Wah schedule plus you can get takeout from the streetside window and even sit outside at tables on the sidewalk.  Beer and cocktails are available from the Chickie Wah Wah bar and you'll enjoy your visit.  Not a typical restaurant, but great food and you'll have a great time if you order and then hang out inside Chickie Wah Wah for whatever show is happening that night.  Be aware there's usually a cover charge that they'll collect before the music starts but it's worth it to have a nice dinner from Blue Oak and enjoy some good music at one of the better clubs in town.We went Sunday afternoon. We ordered the nachos with the brisket, a specialty sandwich, large garlic Mac n cheese, and finished off with an apple pie. We enjoyed our dinner it was pretty loud inside but that's perfect for us since we had our 2yr son. We will definitely be back for more BBQ & Mac n cheese!Just left the place, l never trash a place and I really had high hopes. Brisket very fatty and mushy, ribs very good but not dry enough. I'm a Texas BBQ guy more smoke at a higher heat, pls. Good luck guys.Tastiest ribs, wings, and brisket 
Mouth watering Brussel sprouts 
OMAIGA, the jerk and house bbq sauce is to dieeeeee for
Line can get long, but food gets delivered almost immediatelyIf you want real southern BBQ and experience the taste and smells, you need to come to the Blue Oak. The chicken was excellent, and with all the fixings on the side. The wait staff were friendly, the food came out fast and the beer was cold. What else could you ask for? If you are in the neighborhood, and like BBQ, I highly suggest coming out to this place.Loved the place in Chickie Wah, so went to this one.  Sat outside where there was one table seated and served and a second table with a couple employees who left.  There was an employee cleaning that table and straightening up outside.  He just ignored us.  We waited 10 minutes, got up and left and walked right by the guy, he just looked the other way.  The absolutely worst service ever.I wanted to give a higher rating than three stars given how happy I am for another solid BBQ spot besides The Joint. However, trying to make a to go order over the phone between leaving work and picking my kids up I was informed they don't take to go orders over the phone! What is that policy? And while they said it'd only be a 7-10 minute wait once I got there having small children makes those minutes mean the difference between ordering food there and from any of the other dozen restaurants on Carrollton that don't have this bizarre un-family friendly policy.There's no balance, no subtlety, no thought to how a combination of choices on a plate will play out over the course of your meal.  Almost everything is over seasoned and hard to finish over the course of your dinner.
We ordered the ribs, sausage, pulled pork and chicken.  We tried the Brussels sprouts, bbq beans and Cole slaw.  
First the good.  I thought this was some of the best smoked chicken I have had at a Q place.  The skin was crispy and smoky.  The rub wasn't overpowering and the thigh and leg were juicy.  Great!  The pulled pork was very good as well.  Moist, tender and had good flavors.  I didn't really need their house sauce with either.  It's just ok anyway.
Now for the bad to really awful.  The sausage was too spicy and ridiculously dry.  I thought you'd get a sense of the green onion but it's so overpowered by something like chili powder that you don't really get an idea of exactly what's in it.  Doesn't matter, it was terrible.  
The ribs are too salty to eat.  They're cooked nicely but there's way too much rub and they're way too salty.  Forget them.  This isn't really real Dixie BBQ if you can't taste the ingredients just the chef getting in the way.  Speaking of getting in the way, the sprouts were really cloying after the first few bites.  I want to taste what I am eating first and then have you highlight the ingredient with some seasoning and not the other way around.  This was supposed to be a sesame ginger slaw.  Sounds good.  You wouldn't expect a creamy slaw.  I didn't get it.  None of those flavors came through not that they would have gone with any of the other food they serve anyway.  
This food was just irritating really.  Drunk hipster BBQ.  I would come back for the chicken and some beans.  Maybe.Awsome Awsome Awsome. That is the only three words I can think of to explain this place. Was my first time won't be my last. Great job.Hands down, these guys make THE best BBQ I've ever tasted... Look, I'm sure many Southerners will say "What do you know about BBQ, ya Yankee?!?" True, I haven't tried every place in the South or the Carolinas, but I've definitely had my fill of great BBQ in NYC, N. Carolina, Georgia & Florida... but this is the best SO FAR. I have friends who assure me that this is (by far) the best in NOLA... I definitely believe them! 
I walked into Chickie Wah Wah an atheist,but after just my first dish (smoked chicken wings), I was already seeing GOD!!! And then came plate after plate of perfection -- presented in a humble fashion, nothing fancy... but we're sitting in a bar/music venue, so I could care less if it's nice dinnerware or shiny utensils. 
We're talking REAL barbecue, here!!! These guys have a huge smoker in the back of this joint where meats get their flavor for over 15 hours each day -- Even the side dishes, homemade sauces & homemade pickles are outstanding! 
I will be moving to N.O. before ya know it... and it's a guarantee that I'll be eating the food that these gentlemen have mastered -- they have me as a customer for life!When hurricane nate was threatening to hit NOLA, we were worried that our outdoor bbq wedding reception was ruined. Working with Blue Oak was one less thing to worry about, and we're so grateful that they were so flexible and able to meet our needs. 
Everyone LOVED the food. Our uncle said it was the best bbq he's ever had, and he's 73. We so appreciate Blue Oak's flexibilty and their delicious bbq!!
PS: The leftovers were still good five days later.Great, classic mid town venue  - the fantastic Jon Cleary on Tuedays - with fantastic barbecue from Blue Smoke - you have to try the ribs! amazing.  Tom the bartender is great to talk to and hang out with as well.  Recommended!We were looking for a BBQ place in Nola and we found great reviews for blue oak, fortunately the food totally lived up to the reviews we read! We will definitely be back! 
My only word of advice is get there early, because they rent their kitchen in a music hall, and if you are there when the band starts at 8 you'll have to pay cover. Cool place though! So if you want to make a night of it you may want to stay for the band.
They also have a walk up window outside were you can order and sit at an outside table, or take it to go! 
Food was awesome!!!Without a doubt one of the very best barbecue spots in the city. The amount of food you are given is unreal. Be sure to go with friends. Parking is usually tough so try to go at times when they're not as busy Also dining space is limited but they have a very nice outdoor porch with TVs. If you are visting from out of town, The neighborhood is much safer than it used but still be watchful of your surroundings and the resturant is near city park and the New Orleans Art Museum and The Race Track(Jazz Fest).Had it for the first time, got it to go. I had the 'plate' rather than the sandwich. 
Pork was tender, beans and potato salad were very good. They also give you a little onions and pickles in the 'plate', which were tasty. 
Nice decor, sort of modern bbq joint. 
My only complaints were: They forgot the bread that goes in the plate meal, which was a bummer when I got home. 
They handed me the styrofoam container to go when usually it's put in a bag to carry, which made it awkward. 
Would've been nice to have a little extra sauce, they give you a tiny container. 
Also, I ordered a frozen daiquiri to go and the bartender had NO lids for the styrofoam cups! I waited and waited while he searched... nope. 
We had to put the beverage in a cola cup, so that didn't work out too well. He wasn't apologetic or very friendly. $10 seems high for a 12 oz daiquiri, but it was tasty.I was excited to try Blue Oak and was not disappointed. The meats were delicious as well as the sides! The people were friendly, and the vibe was laid back- like you would expect a bbq place to be! The sausage is spicy, so be prepared for that :) Overall it was a delicious meal and I would def go back again!First visit... Had croissant special... Reminds me why I don't try new things that I am not relatively famailar with.  Pricy for "special" but prices only got higher from there.  Add side dish of "galaric cream Mac n cheese" yeah that wasn't very good, not for me!  Go through a cattle line to buy meal, there wasn't a very long wait. Had small bar, no very fast on up to the bar style service.  Overall, I gave it a shot!  Probably will not return anytime, or anytime soon.4.2*     Had the brisket, ridiculously tender and so much flavor. My friend had the ribs which fell off the bone. The sides: the garlic Mac and cheese was a bit overwhelming for my taste, garlic lovers would be in heaven,  the baked beans were delicious.....smokey, sweet and slightly spicy.......the portions were satisfying and it was reasonably priced.....overall great place, with friendly fast service... would recommend!DELICIOUS. These guys were super accommodating for us on our last minute request.  We used them for our morning after wedding brunch... and we sold out! we had to run back for more food, our guests could not get enough.  I had a number of chefs and industry folks at my wedding, and they all could not get over how delicious the brisket was, magical.Delicious brisket sandwich and brussels sprouts with excellent service. I tried some of the garlic mac and cheese that my boyfriend got and it was also great.Very good BBQ. But not a sit down place. We took it to go and they did a really good job getting everything ready. LIVE MUSIC TOO!Very impressive place. Was skeptical at first because we couldn't pre-order a take out, but I didn't have to wait long after my order! Food was also excellent.I don't honestly like BBQ--never really had a taste for it, but my boo does and it was his birthday last weekend, so we gave it a go.  Though I didn't order any meat, (insert vegetarian stereotype here) I had the sides (Brussel sprouts, Mac n cheese, and the slaw) and all of them were outstanding. Seriously so good I would go back for any of them any day. Bae loved the brisket and especially the pulled pork. Our only meh comment would be that the sauces were really thin and kind of vinegary except for the jerk sauce which was really tasty. Way to go Blue Oak! See you again soon.Y'all - I DON'T EVEN LIKE BBQ. But for some reason I love this place.
Is it because of the Brussels sprouts? Maybe
Is it the Mac and cheese. 
Probably
Is it the meat?
Oh yeah!
I feel like I've been to this place way more than the 4 times I've checked in. For an hour long lunch break (with a lengthy commute from elmwood) the Blue Oak BBQ people sure know how to get you in and out quickly!
I love coming here and getting the nachos to split with the group. I've also had a fried chicken sandwich, pulled pork, and of course I always get Mac & cheese and Brussel sprouts. 
Fun fact - sometimes when you share a photo on instagram you can get a free coozie! And I know everyone on yelp loves a freebie.
Seriously order anything off the menu and you will love it.I have been several times and have yet to try anything on the menu that is not outstanding. I consider myself a wing aficionado, and these wings are the best I've ever had in my life. Both the preparation of the wings and the sauces they have are so good. The brisket sandwich was superb. I also found out recently that you can call in food to go, which makes me a hero at home.Best BBQ ive had in a long time! I got the brisket and sausage plate with the brussel sprouts and garlic mac and cheese. Atmosphere was great, we had a great time! Definitely need to eat here :)Great happy hour. Get the rooster sauce on the wings. Definitely gonna get them to cater for a party.This place is the ONE and ONLY place to eat BBQ in New Orleans. Don't bother going anywhere else! My personal faves are the wings, brussel sprouts (my mouth is watering just thinking about them,) and the CHIPOTLE DEVILED EGGS. This place has the most original take on BBQ I have ever experienced. It's a must go for BBQ lovers.This was the worst BBQ I have ever had(I got the brisket). It completely lacked any flavor. The staff also have me a lot of attitude. I was cutting off some of the fat on my brisket and an employee made a snarky remark to me about that. It's the only time I've never eaten all the BBQ I have ordered, it was that bad.Love love love the atmosphere here! Love the nice outdoor seatings! Food is decent price! Good hangout spot. The ribs is ok,kind of taste like rubber. But it's tender? Brisket is really soft and juicy! Brussels sports is good! The Mac and cheese is okay. Now the crackins!? Amazing!! It's not the pork skin crackins,it's the whole meat crackins! The cool ranch is really good hot,fresh,crispy! I would love to try the spicy one next time! Nacho is HUGE! Would love to come back on a nice day out just because of the outdoor seatings and companyOk so on a last minute whim we went and ordered BBQ nachos and a brisket-ribs-chicken combo in that order of greatness. The chicken was soso, not bad; the ribs were fall off the bone great, but the brisket was so good I wanted to go straight to church for confession. Oh mah gawd so delicious and life changing. My future children will hear the legend of the blue oak bbq brisket. Never before has brisket been so good yet so lean without fat. Happy summer '16.I'm stuck using a terrible touchpad at the moment so this will have to be short and simple.
Got the 3 meat sampler, 2 teas. $24 and change.
Brisket: good, but hard peppercorns made it less enjoyable. Good flavor and juiciness though.
Pulled pork: really quite excellent. Star of the plate. On par with homemade. Didn't really need any sauce.
Onion sausage: couldn't stand it. Both dry and greasy at the same time. Like chorizo meets kielbasa. Best thing about it is the skin. Salty. Still burping it up 2 hours later.
Sides: 
Ginger sesame slaw: Bad. I make this at home. Their version did not taste of ginger, and had no sweetness AT ALL. It was just salty. The girly, who loves slaw, didn't even want it.
Potato salad:  Boring...or it might just be that the other things were salty so we just tasted potatoes.  Though it was also mushy.  Like mashed potatoes almost.
Sauces: 
Spicy Carolina: very seedy, which took away from the flavor. It was ok, but just ok. Lived in NC, and it doesn't live up to the real stuff.
Jerk: Probably ok, but not to either of our tastes.
House: We liked this one. Well balanced. I prefer more heat, but that is personal taste...They did a good job on that.
I normally take a point off for counter service, and like so many places here, you walk into a confusing setup, without signage. Put up some signage, ffs. But the counter service made up for it...keep that guy.Good customer service can make a mediocre meal better.
Like so many Nola bbq places, side dishes seem to be an after thought. 
Probably wouldn't go back because we only liked 2 out of 5 things.
Still looking for great bbq that doesn't come from a back yard.YUMMMM. The meat literally melts in your mouth. I got the brisket and was blown away by the tenderness and flavor. We also tried the special side of the day, red bean stew, which was perfection. Rich with sausage, so delicious. I'm already looking forward to coming back!This was my 3rd visit to this place. They have happy hour from 3 to 6 during the week. 1/2 price wings, $5 nachos, & $1 off pint beer. Keep in mind they are closed Mondays. If wings are your thing, you will love this place. They are smoked, then flash fried. Get the inferno sauce, It's hot, but not unbearable hot. Seriously the best wings I ever had. Nachos are awesome and the sliders are quite good too. Friendly staff and fast service.Really enjoyed the food. Had the 3 meat platter. Ribs, brisket and pulled pork. Great smoke and taste. Mac and cheese and slaw were great sides. Perfect way to end my New Orleans visit.Every single thing my friend and I ordered was excellent, fairly simple but delicious. Some of the best wings I've ever had. Great atmosphere. I'd be a regular if I lived in the city. Two thumbs way up.Most BBQ places do only one style of meat we'll the others are so-so. Blue Oak did great with all three that I got in my three meat plate. 
Smoked chicken, ribs, and sliced brisket. The ribs literally slid off the bone and had a perfect smoke ring on them. The brisket was incredibly tender and juicy, melted in my mouth. 
Great looking restaurant, service was very fast and friendly!Awesome... Awesome... Awesome
2meat combo beef and ribs... Some of the best I've ever had!!!
Mac and cheese fabulous!!!
Brutal spirits... My heart. I'm in love
Black eyed peas and okra... To die for
3 good sauces...I was craving for a Texas based sauce but the jerk was my favorite.
The kicker were the brisket nachos. Unbelievable. 
I wanted to give it five stars but I reserve 5  for my"LAST MEAL"
BTW apple pie was good but very heavy on the cinnamonBest mac and cheese ive ever had. Brisket sammy was life changing. Not usually a slaw fan but now im a believer. AMENSo I have to preface my review by saying my husband nor I eat beef or pork so it's possible that the greatness that many of the other reviews speak of was lost on us because we only had the poultry items on the menu. 
We had the BBQ chicken and the smoked wings with Jerk BBQ sauce. So I have to say I was shocked to watch our leg quarters go into the fryer. I eat bbq to get away from fried foods, had I known that was the method they used to reheat their chicken we would have passed on Blue Oak all together. That aside the taste was just ok. Nothing spectacular just good. The smoked wings had a great flavor but like many jerk BBQ sauces it lacked the heat and dimension that makes jerk so delectable. We had the brussel sprouts and mac and cheese for sides. The Brussel sprouts were AH-MAZ-ING. The mac and cheese was just ok. Definitely cheesy in texture but I think it could have used something extra ... maybe a little fontina.Only had the rooster wings and the coleslaw. LEGIT, BEST WINGS I'VE EVER EATEN. I would like to consider myself a wing snob. Yup, I said it, meant it. I've winged it up at a lot of joints but this one I highly recommend. This place was also full of kind and genuine hospitality. Enjoy and have fun. Totally random walk in but so glad we did it.Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. The pulled pork is so tender and mouthwatering. And there cool ranch cracklings?! All I kept saying while eating them was "Oh my God!". Total mouthgasm. You definitely want these.I haven't had a lot of BBQ in New Orleans. It's something I kind of ignore, as I have a lot of family in Texas - BBQ mecca. 
The old lady and I went here because I was craving some good BBQ, and gave this place a shot. 
We had some brisket and pulled pork. Everything was amazing. Especially the sides. A lot of BBQ places are extremely traditional in the sides area, so this place is an awesome change of old school Texas BBQ.Excellent pulled pork, beef brisket and baked beans. I came at 4pm and found parking right away. I was served very quickly. Staff was professional. Definitely coming back!Great brisket, margaritas and service! A definite place to visit if you are in New Orleans and love BBQ.This was my second go round at Blue Oak. I had to make sure it wasn't a one hit wonder and I can assure you this 'cue is legit. I got the two meat platter. The brisket and pulled pork were on point. No frills, just downright juicy and tender meat. The sides were out of this world as well. Smokey baked beans, crispy tangy Brussels sprouts, and some of the best mac n' cheese in the city. Overall, great spot run by a few down to earth local guys who went to high school down the road. This place will now be in my "food rotation" and definitely should be on everyone's radar.BLUF:  I cant wait to go back and see a smoke free show and eat awesome bbq in a smoke free environment.  Great BBQ and want to try it all.
I love Chickie Wawa and the food makes it even better.  I am pretty sure it is smoke free too.  The menu at Blue Oak is awesome.  Everything looks great and makes it hard to order.
Started with the BBQ Nachos and they were really good.  Split it with someone or eat the whole thing and be comfortable.
Then got the brisket platter with garlic mac & cheese and ginger slaw.  The brisket was great.  Very tender with a good flavor.  Has some fat on it which made it better in my opinion; very good fat.  The mac & cheese was awesome.  You can def taste the garlic but it is not over powering.  Very very good.  I assume this is their must get side.  The slaw was also very good and original.  Big fan.The smoked Wings are the best in the city. Wish they had a better beer selection but they still have great ones to choose from.Great for casual bbq lunch and dinner! Price was very reasonable for the amount and quality of food you get here. Their bbq ribs were very delicious and their mac n cheese was something else! Great sauces, nice spot. Highly recommend.Went to their booth at the Crescent City Blues n BBQ Fest and OMG the BEST!
Everyone went to a different food vendor and mine was the best! Ribs, wings, Mac n Cheese and Brussel Sprouts....everything was exceptional. I will be a frequent flyer 
Go! 
Make sure to have roasted garlic Mac n cheese and those Brussel sprouts!!!!!Wow. Great hole in the wall BBQ. Nachos are delicious, and the Brussel sprouts are out of this worldThis place is phenomenal.. The meat is so tender and just rich with flavor. Mac n cheese is topped with bread crumbs and is a MUST. If you get lucky and go on a day where the chili is the side of the day you will not be disappointed. Thank you blue oak for the southern hospitality and authentic and wonderful prepared food.Funny thing I just drove 40 minutes to blue oak bbq from the westbank of New Orleans to get their spicy chicken sandwich.. And would you know after I parked my car an employee came outside to tell me to move it...Mind you I'm handicapped & they only have one spot for handicap parking...Mind you I called ahead to pick up the sandwich.I abruptly left.
What a slap in the face..Bet I wont be spending anymore of my cash or wasting my time driving to a spot where your not appreciated...I had the 3 meat combo with sausage, ribs and brisket. Everything was very good but the brisket was top notch. I think it is the best in the city. It had a deep smoke flavor and was perfectly tender. It reminds me of the brisket you find in out of the way places in Central Texas. Definitely looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.  
They also have a respectable beer selection that was mostly local crafts. 
The only negative thing I can say is that I've been trying to lower my cholesterol and now it's going to be impossible with this place so close.Very good bbq. Truly smoked meat. Beans and Mac and cheese were good also. The brisket was very tender and had very good bark on it.This place is super rad. Counter ordering is easy, plus you can sit at the bar and order as well. Staff were all super friendly and helpful. Catering pickup is easy as they have a second register so you can skip the line. All the food is fantastic and these guys clearly out a lot of thought and effort into the product and service they are providing.Wow, this place was great! The happy hour nachos were awesome and they serve Barq's Red Cream Soda with their fountain drinks, so that's always a plus. Everyone in our party enjoyed their food. We'll definitely be back!The pit viper was cooked to perfection, so tender and juicy, piled thick and high on a nice freah sesame bun with tasty cole slaw and sliced fresh jalapeños. I would have subbed the jalapeños with pickles if I had been paying closer attention when I placed my order but all in all that was one of the best pulled pork sandwich I've had in a long time. The garlic mac n cheese could've been cheesier but it was still pretty darn tasty!  I'd definitely go out of my way to go back and I live right near the Joint.You know that feeling you get when you dance you are so happy?  Well talk about the food wiggles right hea! I got this little feeling in my bones when I took my first bite to stand up and dance and let me tell you how it didn't stop until I was pulling out of the parking spot with my hand on the window and tears running down my face. I whispered "I'll be back don't you worry"... and then I regained consciousness from the meat coma I was in.  
Not only was the meat exceptional. but those sides are no joke! I got the crispy roasted brussel sprouts that had the perfect crunch and the most delicious bowl of garlicky mac and cheese with a crumble on top for another added crunch. I thought I was going plain jane when I got the chicken thigh and leg, but whoa now this was not lacking in the flavor department! I am about to use all those words that 99% of America hates, but this deserves it... MOIST, JUICY AND TENDER! YUMMMO, I don't even know how to describe the rub other than perfection. It was smokey, sweet, peppery, and it was crispy to bite into, but tender to chew.  You almost don't want to try the 3 barbecue sauces they offer, but do it, trust me!  I can't choose my favorite between the jerk and house sauce.  The carolina bbq sauce is meh... but only because those other 2 sauces were punch you in the face good!  
Texas, you betta watch yo self, New Orleans is catching up to your bbq charm!This is literally the best BBQ my friends and I have ever had. It was fast, delicious, authentic and centrally located. AMAZING.My husband and I tried Blue Oak BBQ on a whim today based on Yelp reviews, and it is by far the BEEF beef brisket ever!! And I get brisket everywhere I go... the sides were on point, unique and not your average bbq fair... Brussels sprouts and Garlic Mac-n-Cheese were amazing!! Definitely recommend, (it's inside Chickie Wah Wah)!