Delicious sauces on boiled seafood. Combinations are unusual and don't sound good but are delicious. The Caribbean one was fabulous. It's a little expensive.Awesome place. Good food and great service! Check out their Caribbean flavored crawfish....very good and unique experience. Voodoo rolls, charbroiled oysters and caviar oysters are also delicious. They also have the local beers on draft. Definitely recommend this restaurant.My first time there and loved the custom service and ambiance! I took mine  to go but the place seems pretty nice. Nice atmosphere!!
Excellent flavor!! I got the crawfish with the boil house seasoning and they were extraordinary!! I asked for xxx hot, but it wasn't where I wanted it to be. But had a spicy flavor to them! I think I can withstand the hottest of the hot!! Only place with crawfish out of season. Would recommend any day. Pretty nice size crawfish!! Two thumbs up!! All the way up!!! Would have been a 5 star had the spiciness been hotter!!Delicious sauces on boiled seafood. Combinations are unusual and don't sound good but are delicious. The Caribbean one was fabulous. It's a little expensive. We tried crawfish,shrimp, potatoes, corn and sausage. All were great. Oysters with caviar are a wonderful combination.The most bland food I've ever tasted; Especially in New Orleans. Way too expensive for no satisfaction at all. Service is fun but slow. The owner came out & we were constructively honest & he tried to explain & defend the terrible food. We even tried the wings that he said were brined & marinated for hours - First of all, they had 2" feathers sticking out of them & they were nasty! The Board of Health needs to come in & shut this place down!This place is absolutely amazing. We showed up late when they were closing and they went above and beyond to make sure we still got served and didn't rush us out of the restaurant. This is what I call customer service. Also, the food was absolutely amazing. Best crawfish I've ever ate and I'm from Louisiana. Thanks so much. We will be back soon :)The servers are great, they quickly get anything you need and are friendly! Customer service is definitely good here. The oysters, wings, and alligator bites were amazing! Bursting with flavor and not over cooked for either dish. Unfortunately the crawfish did not meet expectations. I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese style crawfish, as it's the main type of crawfish served in Houston. The spices for the crawfish were very good, however the crawfish did not soak up the flavor and was lukewarm every time it was served. We also never received any type of receptacle to throw peeled crawfish into, it was a mess trying to dig around and make space for peeled and unpeeled crawfish. We ordered the garlic as well as the boil house mix at medium and high heat. The high heat crawfish were not spicy at all. When we told our server they replaced the crawfish however the new crawfish were also not spicy. It seemed like they only tossed the crawfish in more of the sauce which didn't make it more spicy. It doesn't seem like they are boiling the crawfish with spices. The spicy levels aren't accurate as well. The medium and high heat tasted about the same in terms of spiciness. To help with the crawfish being lukewarm, perhaps the restaurant could do what Vietnamese crawfish restaurants do in Houston, which is to serve the crawfish in a plastic bag with sauce covering the crawfish rather than serving the crawfish on a platter. I was really looking forward to finally having a Vietnamese style crawfish place here in New Orleans to go to and this place was a bit of a let down compared to what I'm used to. The other foods were amazing, the crawfish not so much. I think this place has great potential if they can perfect their method like the places in Houston. I would love to go back once they figure out a better way to serve their crawfish and have them retain flavor.My friends and I decided to go to the BOIL Seafood House since we were craving crab legs! 
Upon walking in we were greeted by the host who we put our name down for a reservation. The host stated it could be a possible two hour wait in which we were willing to stay for. The host also stated that the bar area is first come first serve so we sat there and waited until our seats were available. 30 minutes passed and we see empty tables in which we're "reserved" way before us apparently so we decided to order our food while we waited. Another 30 minutes passed and the host stated there was 2-3 groups in front of us which was fine but the thing is there wasn't anyone waiting in the front; maybe they reserved online. 
Our food started arriving to the bar and we started to eat, at this point forget the table. The host did a really bad job at accommodating my group of 6. We all uncomfortably had to eat at the bar some of us standing up eating, etc. I just wish the host gave us updates instead of us constantly having to go to her. Now the bartender was AMAZING! He was super quick, funny and made sure we had everything we needed. 
This was my first time ordering crab legs so I was super excited and wanted the full on bib and butter experience! I ordered 1lb of snow crab legs with the boil house seasoning  which is 4 seasonings in one and then you pick the "heat" as well; I got medium. The crab legs do not come with any sides so I ordered the bang bang shrimp for $11 which was pretty tasty and a side of Cajun French fries (SO GOOD)! 
Overall the food was great! So my 3 stars go to the bartender and the food!I feel like I should start with the fact that despite their name, they don't boil their seafood. My friends and I were surprised by the lack of flavor with the shrimp. The server informed us that they do not boil the seafood but steam it. They steam the seafood and then toss it in in your choice of sauce. Had we known that from the beginning maybe the review would have been different, however given the name...... also, the waits were long in general for the food and side of melted butter. The lobster Mac and cheese was not very flavorful either. One friend did enjoy his Asian oysters, so there's that...Grrreat flavor to the crawfish and beautiful restaurant. Friendly service. Will definitely be back soon to try other menu items!!Very nice server and decor, however that was the only good thing about this place. It smells bad, like dirty seafood, and there's nothing but crawfish and shrimp on the menu, which is ok if that's all you want for dinner. But this is a restaurant! You'd think they'd have other options for those in a group, or at least that they'd offer a variety of dressings on a salad. I ordered the shrimp salad and it had this extremely spicy "Vietnamese vinaigrette," which was just basically tiny smatterings of hot sauce on some greens and five pieces of extremely spicy shrimp. Definitely way overpriced at $15. So how hard is it to stock more than one kind of dressing for people who don't want to eat cajun food? It would be one thing if this were a hole-in-the-wall local dive bar that's been around forever, but it's a brand new establishment on a busy section of Magazine and so should cater to all types. Anyway, I've no interest in this place, as it's got zero variety on the menu. A shame too because I live just around the corner.Food was wonderful. Atmosphere was awesome. Great service. Got to meet owner, he was great.This is not a local type seafood joint.   No blue crabs at all, only dungeness.   Wait staff not too polished.  Maybe good for tourists.Great Pricey yes but great, you can customize them which is also a plus and the butter is amazing! We have had Garlic Butter and the Caribbean both were deliciously tasty! Sides are great but a bit pricey, will be back again have already been twice!This is my second time in as many weeks. This is the best crawfish place hands down!!!! I asked for more spice and got it!!! The boil house flavor is unbelievable!!! The spice and seasoning combo was the best I ever had!!! I've eaten over 125 lbs of crawfish this past season by myself and I must say this is the BEST place to get them!! Much respect to the cooks at the restaurant. They deserve praise!! This is a phenomenal place!! I will be back again. A weekly spot!! New tailgating spot!!Went to this restaurant after jazz fest hoping for some genuine good crawfish
We got the charbroiled oysters, bang bang shrimp, and crawfish etoufee. All were DELICIOUS but only giving it 3 stars bc the prices were prettttyyy high... for great food that you could probably find at other restaurants in NOLA. 
Also the cocktail strawberry basil lemonade tasted like a jolly rancher - way too sweet! Had to return for a beer.
Server was accommodating to our return request and did great at splitting the check for us!!Worst service I've ever experienced and they did nothing to compensate for us or apologize. They waited over an hour to tell us that they no longer had the food we ordered. It took 40 min just to get drinks and then half of our party never received their food. Terrible dining experience.This place is bomb dot com! Came here before the saints game and it was super packed. However the wait was surprisingly short. Super chill environment with really good food. The buckets are the only way to go. Ended up getting 2 feasts for the 6 of us and it was surely plenty. 
Def get the boil house flavor w high heat. Only way to go. The mango margarita is pretty much two drinks in one. You get your own plastic bottles worth . 
I'd def be back.Ok so I went to Boil seafood house based on a recommendation from a friend that recently went. The people greeted us as soon as we walked in, and the decor was beautiful. Although everyone was really friendly I did notice that the table next to us when ordering their boil of the mixed seasoning was completely different from ours. Which is probably why unfortunately my friend and I didn't like our food. It had a more Caribbean seasoning compared to a Cajun, which I know because I am from the Caribbean and was wondering why the crabs tasted like my moms food. Also the drinks came out right away, but the taste was watery which was really confusing. I hate writing bad reviews but overall the food was good just not what we were expecting.Food was really good but service was beyond lacking. I must have gotten up at least three times and the hostess had to help me. She was a gem. I definitely would have rated it higher based on the food alone.  The varying of heat with the different flavors is a great aspect of eating here but beware, the "low" will still leave your mouth with a little burn.So good we ate here twice during our 3 day vacation. We had the shrimp poboy. The waiter recommended changing it up from the menu a bit and recommended using bang bang shrimp and coleslaw on it instead of what the menu listed. I'm so glad he did!!! It was so good with the Cajun sauce drizzled over it. The coconut mojito was amazing too! I highly recommend you give this restaurant a try during your stay in New Orleans.Soooooooo yummy! We ordered so much food! My favorite was the oyster caviar  but everything was delish! Our eyes was bigger than our stomach....food coma nowWow nice seafood restaurant!!! Just ate there for lunch and let me tell you had a donzn charboil oyster was delicious and we ordered 5 pound of the Asian garlic butter crawfish was good too I highly recommend coming n try out there seafoodAmazing food. Amazing service. Tonya really took care of us! We had so much fun and highly recommend.This is a great way to experience a Louisiana boil if you don't have a the opportunity to attend one. I'd say it's as advertised, solid flavor, good quality, friendly staff and cool atmosphere. As a new "local" I was pleasantly surprised.THE CRAWFISH HERE IS SOOOO GOOD!! such a lovely bartender, she prepared us drinks and they were amazing! If you're in New Orleans this is definitely a place to goWe're visiting the area and found this great place that finally satisfied our seafood craving! The Cajun bucket was perfect for two people and JJ was amazing! Definitely referring my friends to this spot.Shrimp poboy and fries was a solid choice fresh ingredients and we will be back again!What a fun place and great way to experience southern food! I enjoyed every moment there and wouldn't think twice about going again.The seafood pots are well made but that's about it. The bread is extra. There are no sides. It's a cute restaurant. Will not be coming back again.Great oysters and gator here courtesy of my man JJ. Place is under stupendous management!This place is Sooo worth the money!! I had crawfish beignets, snow crab legs, cajun wings, and cajun friesHad a wonderful experience JJ is the best will be back. Great food, expert service and knowledgeable of classic New Orleans cocktails . JJ was a wonderful ambassador to the cityLoved BOIL! Fun eating experience (get ready to get messy) and fantastic food. Seasoning was perfect (we got Cajun Medium); penetrated the seafood but didn't overpower.Was in town for a few days celebrating my birthday so i went on a quest to find some of Nola best restaurants. A friend of mines was telling me about a place that has some of the best seafood in Nola! I had to take her up on her offer! Once she suggested rvsp i knew it was real dea! I was blown away by the scenery of the restaurant what a beautiful establishment! Nice vibes and the food definitely lived up to the hype! Some of the best gumbo I've ever had. I mean it was so rich! I followed it up with a shrimp po boy which was everything! Thank you boil house for the incredible food! I'll never forget you guysThese people do not cook cajun they cook vietnamese 99.00 seafood platter? Wow they are mean and disrespectful to their employeesTwo words... WORTH IT!! Great service, funny waiter, and great food! Good prices for a great amount of food! Definitely eating here again! If you go there ask for the waiter 'K' he's awesome!Went uptown during a weekend visit to New Orleans. Everything was delicious. We got the char grilled oysters and split the "Taste of New Orleans" bucket in the boil house sauce. The food is cooked quickly, and everything tasted great. 
The drinks are a weak, so I would stick to water. Our service was a little lackluster, not sure if she had too many tables, but just felt like we had to keep flagging her down for small requests (like water). 
Overall, we had a good time and would go again.Absolutely amazing staff. Great food and service. The food was fantastic. Been there twice and can't wait to be back for more. Oysters, calamari, crawfish .Loved this place! Great atmosphere, great food, great cocktails. Much more reasonable and better than most places further towards the French Quarter. I wish I remembered our waiters name, but he was the most charismatic waiter I've ever had, which added to the whole experience. He also had great suggestions. We had the crawfish, crab leg, shrimp bucket with the house sauce and it was all delicious. Will come again next time I'm in New Orleans.My husband and I went here twice during our one week trip to New Orleans, it was so good and so much fun! The staff was super friendly and welcoming, the ambiance is nice and we really liked the neighborhood. But the food was the best part. The flavors were amazing - we've had good vietnamese style seafood boils before in San Francisco and this was just as good if not better. Our waitresses Kee and Brandie were awesome!Loved this place. Service was slow to start, but we were warned that they were understaffed in advance. Once the food started coming out, no problem. Have a new favorite cooked oyster dish and it's their New Orleans style oysters. The crab was awesome, wings were great, definitely would recommend this placeThis is second time come here in 4 days. Great oysters and great food . Love it .  The snow crab sweet and full of meat . Oysters is one of best I ever had in NOLA . Had a little mistake but the manager managed really well. The end I had great time here . Next time when I come
Back to NOLA I will come back again .Look, I am born and raised here.  Not usually a fan of this style of crawfish with the sauce on the outside. Tried it in Norcal, tried it in SoCal, tried it in Houston. But here, I liked it. My favorites in order are first Boil house, then Cajun, then a tossup between the caribbean and garlic sauces. Yeah, I can eat this now.Fun, little place. Large crowds and noisy. Good food. Wasn't in love with the house spice boil I chose but it was good and lord was it messy! The shrimp in the boil was over cooked and the corn was too, although I imagine it is difficult to keep things perfectly cooked in such large quantities. The craft cocktails were great!Really really good. They had fresh crawfish so I went that way. Ate 4 pounds of it. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for that type of food.We had so many delicious meals in New Orleans, but this one topped the charts as our absolute favorites! The Cajun spiced boil with shrimp and crawfish was delicious. We ended up getting a few more pounds of crawfish because it was so delicious. We'll be recommending this to friends, and coming back again and again.We ate here on our last night in New Orleans. We had been having trouble finding Crawfish all week (we just were never in the right place at the right time).
The food was absolutely amazing!!! The crab and crawfish was seasoned perfectly, the corn was delicious and the chocolate walnut brownies were on point as well.The Taste of New Orleans boil is to die for. Crab, crawfish, shrimp, sausage, and potato in a house broth. Single order feeds two. The gentleman behind the bar was great. Compliments to him and the chef.Would have given a 5 star for great food and pricing but the service was subpar.. It was around 8:00pm and the place wasn't too busy but we were sat outside.. Which was actually very nice however we were forgotten about often. We weren't given utensils, napkins, drink refills, wet naps, forks... And when we went inside finally to ask for a few things, we were treated like we were a huge bother. We ordered the feast and sides so we had a decent amount of food and obviously needed these things to eat. I'm not sure if our waitress was new, having a bad night or just needed some extra training but the food was the only great part of the experience. She also charged us for the French bread and butter which were supposed to be included with the food bc it clearly stated on the menu that with over a lb of seafood a roll of bread was supposed to be included .. not a huge deal if the service was good but it just wasn't. We didn't even address it but she obviously wanted to go home... We would have ordered even more food/dessert but Tori seemed in a rush to leave so we just got our check and left.. overall great seafood, not so great service.I was really excited when I saw this restaurant on an Eater article. I have been waiting for a Vietnamese style Cajun place to open up (and props to Boil Seafood for having the guts to do something different). Upon first sitting down, it took 15 minutes for a server to take our drink order (by that time, we were ready to order our food). The overall environment seemed very disorganized - I realized this was their first week, but c'mon guys, you can do better than that. The server was unknowledgeable on the various sauces. We waited another hour for our first dish to come out, which were the Charbroiled oysters. This was pretty good and was probably the only thing that was good out of the dishes we ordered. Everything went downhill from there.
After waiting another hour, we called for the servers attention, and we were told that they accidentally gave our crawfish and crab to another table...once we finally got our seafood, we realized it was the wrong sauce and spiciness level. Also, the crawfish did not seem fresh, it was somewhat dry so they must've cooked in advance the day before. 
Overall, if you are looking for New Orleans style crawfish or seafood, there are better places to go that has better service, fresher seafood and better value. I really hope they can improve, but for now, I will not be going back.If I could give it no stars, I would. I don't normally feel the need to write a negative review after dining out nor the need to speak to a manager on site. Well, this place surely made me feel the need for both. 
We ordered:
- char grilled oysters
- 2lbs if king crab
- 1lb if Dungeness crab
- 1lb of clams
and honestly, none of it was worth a dime. The char grilled oysters were super salty with yellowy sauce (I will get to this). The clams and Dungeness crabs were rubbery to say the least. The king crab was the biggest disappointment - rubbery & served with old fryer oil. 
I'm not making it up - we got this nasty old fryer oil dip for the king crab. Displeased, we requested to have new butter. Maybe it was an overlooked item even though the place was NOT busy. It took 15 mins to get a replacement butter and it was this yellow sauce - think cheese whiz - that was cold and still tasting like old fryer oil. It took the server 15 mins to deliver this disastrous mess of "butter" because he had to take an order for a larger group before handling our situation. (wtf) There were many employees who could have delivered yet noone was communicating with each other as the crab got cold while we waited. 
When a manager was requested, it took her 20 mins to show up. Seriously, WTF? That was the last straw. I wasn't even hungry because I was so frustrated. 
I can't even remember having such horrible dining experience in my life. No exaggeration - my entire life. I try not to write a negative yelp review but beware diners, this place is simply a waste of your money. And remember, if you're not happy with your experience, the manager will hide and will not speak to you. And when she does, she will say that she called the owner and the owner says there's nothing that can be done to make things right. 
Never again. I'd be surprised if this place is still open next time I visit NOLA.The food was very delicious being that I'm a local I would recommend the service was great and we were seated in less than 5 minutesProbably the best VietCajun I've ever had.  I got a pound of crawfish with the Boil-House sauce at medium spice, and I found it to be terrific--packed with flavor and not too much garlic.After a week of exploring different restaurants at the French quarter, we were looking for some good boiled seafood.  Our Uber driver recommended this place and we're glad he did.  We ordered the shack bucket.  My husband has been wanting to try the crawfish and we're in luck that crawfish was in season cuz they were huge.  I enjoyed the crab legs. The garlic pasta was very tasty too. Prices are reasonable.  Too bad they ran out of the French bread which were supposed to be complimentary if you order two pounds of seafood.The food was the best we tried in New Orleans. Would definitely come back. The flavor and good and fast service was icing on the cake. Still thinks about the shrimp and crab legsFood was good but the service was awful. Our waiter was Pierre and we ordered a combo platter for $25 but they never brought out the salad. We also ordererd the voodoo rice, but the waiter brought out plain white rice and BOTH the waiter and manager on duty at the time could careless to properly discount bill for both the rice and salad issues. We had to ask multiple times for simple ketchup. Also there was 3 of us at the table but food did not come out at the same time, in fact there was a 15 mins gap which sucked lol.  Very disappointed overall. Too many great restaurants with amazing food to settle on returning here.Sen-freaking-sational! Whoa, amazing food, seasoned perfectly, warm and lively atmosphere and incredibly accommodating staff. Deanna in particular was a gem. It being my first time I was a real pain about seasoning and spice level, she brought out several different samples for me to try AND brought out extra dipping sauces for me with my meal and even offered to take a picture for me with my feast. Love this place. Must go!!!I had the snow crabs with the mild boil seafood house sauce and added corn. The sauce was really spicy even tho it was mild but I loved it. The crabs were full of meat. My sisters had crawfish with their bucket and I would just say If it isn't crawfish season DO NOT get the crawfish! Aside from the weird tasting crawfish and our food taking like 40 minutes to come out taste wise it was great! And our waitress was sweet and very apologetic for the wait! Overall, good experience and we will be back!I'm pretty half and half about this place from the first impression. Service was great. The hostess greeted us right when we walked in. Our server took a while to get to us but the hostess was sure to stop by and check in to see if we were okay and went ahead and got our drink orders first. It wasn't long until our server came by to wait on us. 
We ordered 2lbs of Cajun Medium Heat, 2lbs of Garlic Butter High Heat, 2lbs of Boil House Extra High Heat, and 2lbs of blue crabs in Garlic Butter High Heat. The flavors were great, but the quality of the crawfish itself was lacking. They weren't consistent at all. Some were over cooked where the texture was way too soft. Some had that freezer taste which meant it was frozen not fresh crawfish. Some were dead. Some were fresh and texture was perfect. Speaking back about flavors, the flavor was really on the outer shell of the crawfish. You'd only get flavor if you licked the outer shell. If you just open, suck the head, and eat the tail, it's pretty bland. I wish their actual boil had flavor before tossing the crawfish in the flavored sauce. The blue crabs, on the other hand, were probably the best part of our meal. The meat was so so fresh and we had a lot of female crabs with a lot of that orange deliciousness. 
We also got potatoes and andouille sausage. Potatoes were WAYYYY overcooked. Basically mashed potatoes rolled into a ball. I could've fed a newborn those potatoes. The andouille sausage was good but overpriced. $3.95 for ONE 4 inch sausage.
I read in a previous review where a customer said she recognized frozen crawfish mixed in with fresh crawfish, which I now personally experienced. The owner replied saying he makes sure to make it known that crawfish is limited right now. Okay? You say it's limited. To me, that should mean there is limited FRESH crawfish to where you may run out in a short period of time. Not "there's limited fresh crawfish but if you want some and we have low stock, we'll just compensate you with some frozen crawfish and charge you same full price as fresh." If you are serving frozen crawfish, you need to make THAT known and not "limited" known. 
Would I give this place another try? Idk. Maybe when crawfish season is in full effect and my chances of getting all fresh crawfish are higher.Loved this place. Best crawfish ever. You can pick your sauce and your heat and add whatever sides you want with them. Delicious!  Also got bread for dipping.First time, from out of town with our group of 10. Can't compare to anything as i've never had any other seafood. We went twice in one week. First time was a late Saturday night, 30-60 min wait. Ordered the bang bang shrimp and a cup of gumbo. Our 2nd time was a week later. Early Saturday morning when they opened. No wait time. We ordered the Chicken Wings with BOIL house sauce. 2lbs of Shrimp with Cajun and low heat. A side of sweet potato fries and a Bowl of Gumbo this time. Everything was delicious and the server was attentive.This restaurant has a nice vibe and is generally pleasant.  We came because we were looking for a decent seafood boil in NOLA and this place came recommended to us.  Our experience was not great.  Staff was not well trained and they actually sent the wrong order to our table.  After the staff realized that they had mistakenly sent a more expensive order to us, they confronted us in an accusatory manner (like we were expected to NOT eat the food given to us) and demanded that we pay for the additional order ($80 extra).  She even had her credit card reader out as if to expect payment on the spot.
I have never been treated with this kind of disrespect in a restaurant and was completely appalled by the lack of courtesy displayed here.  In addition, I later saw the wait staff take the mistaken order off our table and into the back area to eat it for themselves.  Basically they were happy to enjoy the fruits of their own incompetence while paying guests continued to wait another 25 minutes for our correct order to arrive (by now we had waited about 45 minutes for our food).  
I will make sure to tell everyone in our orbit to avoid this mess of an establishment if they visit New Orleans again.  It ruined an experience that we will never get back from our limited time in this city.My mom add I stopped by for dinner and we were pleasantly surprised! We got boiled shrimp, boiled crawfish, mushrooms and French fries. There are four sauce choices Caribbean, Cajun, Garlic Butter and the House Boil. We had all the sauces except the Caribbean, but though the house sounded strange and we were reluctant to order it, we agreed it was the best. The fries are flat home style fries and were good too. The place is new and a little more than other places, but they offer premium size crawfish that are well cleaned and flavorful.Food was amazing. Booked our reservation on open table and thankful we did because there is usually a wait over an hour for a table. Although the food was great, the service was not up to par. Our waitress seemed stressed and decided to take that out on my colleagues. Any question got eye rolls and her attitude was unessesary. Younger woman with dark hair. The food is expensive and we still tipped well for the service we got. Great meal but disappointing to feel like we were not welcome while we ate.Save your time/and go elsewhere. I was open to this different type off boil and was eager to give it a shot and like it. Different flavors to my crawfish sounds wonderful. But I can guarantee I'll not be going back here. I'd be willing to give that style a try again elsewhere, however. 
The prices are just absurd. I understand seafood is based upon market value but trying to sell crawfish at $8/lb and certain crab offerings at over $50 for the smallest order. Flat out robbery. Not to mention if you want sausage with your order it will run you an extra $4. Now that doesn't seem bad, but when they only serve you 4 pieces of sausage that combined equal half a sausage, you can't help but just laugh. 
On the bright side...the wall. There's an awesome swamp mural on the inside wall that uses black light to add some neat accents to it. Tonya the waitress was great and if it wasn't for her this place would have only gotten 1 star.Came here with the family & the food was great. The servers were nice & prompt as well. I recommend this place. I would definitely go again.I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars because the food was delicious and we were seated promptly. When we arrived for our 7:15 reservation the place was packed but there was a table available (in the door) so we were seated. Our waitress  amen to the table fairly quickly to take our drink and appetizer order while we waited for the third party to arrive. Once he got there the young Asian waitress returned to take our orders but throughout our interaction she was VERY SNIPPY... All her answers were short and brash. And I quickly realized there was a general consensus at the table - she was RUDE!! The icing on the cake happened when I gave her a debit card that did not have a chip and she asked for an ID... I asked if it was because of the chip and she said the table side machine asks for ID verification.... But as I watched the screen through her glasses I NEVER saw that screen... there wasn't a prompt for her to request my id!! She profiled and I would NEVER patronize this restaurant again!!! NOT NOLA HOSPITALITY THAT IM USED TO!!!If this place survives I'll be amazed.  Ice tea was watery, shrimp were so overcooked they were impossible to peel. You have to pay for bread - which you WILL want to sop up the sauce from your seafood. Flavors were good  but ordering was difficult because our server really didn't know about the menu. My guess is that out of towners will like it but locals will want better. They should also reconsider the name. Nothing is boiled - it's steamed - as were me and my group. Don't waste your time or money. Go to Felix's or Acme.The food was good - it was a bit salty but still okay.
Giving 3 stars because our waitress wasn't really attentive to us.
I am a server also so I get it and try to be really patient but we only saw her like twice and when we asked her for
more cocktail sauce and refills on our drinks, she walked to the back and waited more than 5 minutes for the cocktail sauce to come out to bring our drinks instead of just bringing us our refills first and the waiting for the sauce???
Also when we paid out she kinda hovered over us while we put in the tip amount which made us very uncomfortable.
The table next to us had a waitress that checked up on them about 8 or so times which is awesome 
So it was disappointing that ours didn't care enough to check on us often and when she did come to the table she seemed annoyed when we requested more of something..
The food was good and the service was bad but food
Wasn't good enough to return unfoetuThis place is amazing! The atmosphere is great and kids friendly. The food was great also. Their oyster caviar was to die for. Charboiled oyster was great also. Boiled crawfish and shrimp with boiled house flavor was delish. Make sure to add the mushrooms with your boiled crawfish as it was on point along with the corn and potatoes. Would definitely come back and a go to for cajun eats.I really enjoyed the seafood  but the place is small so seating is limited but you can eat at the bar ... I expected it to be a much bigger place but the seafood make up for it ... it's yummy  I will return and excellent service as wellThe Crawfish Beignets are a MUST! They're sooo fluffy and fresh, you have to try these. I came here with a friend and there was no wait, we got seated right away and the staff was super attentive to our needs. We went when it wasn't crawfish season anymore but we still had it. 
The flavoring and sauce of the boiled seafood was okay. It was pretty salty, but the seafood tasted fresh. 
Worth a try if you're in the area!Great atmosphere. Great food. Great service. These are only a few pictures that I took before we dove in. Everything was delicious and plentiful. In addition to the pictures, we had gumbo, lobster Mac n cheese, alligator bites and the oysters. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in townTake out order. Tried the House, Caribbean, and Garlic butter seasoning. All delicious and will definitely be visiting again in the future.Had the gumbo- unique touch but I enjoyed it. Good ambiance and vibe with a small space so get there as you please. Wife and I got a pound of the shrimp each cooked Cajun and one cooked BOIL (their options for the seafood plates are a pretty cool concept) and then you get to choose your heat. My wife had medium and I had hot which had some good heat to it. Good spot on magazine!The Good: The service. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. 
The Bad: The Food. This was the most bland tasting food I have ever had in my life. It was served drenched in a mountain of very messy sauce that still failed to deliver flavor. I felt like I had to put salt on my boiled shrimp. The name is also deceptive because they steam the seafood as opposed to boiling it - this makes a huge difference in the taste and texture. 
Needless to say I will not return. I'm quite disappointed because I was excited when this place opened. I felt like we need a place that offers good boiled seafood in the uptown area.This boil house off the beaten path is a great stop for live crawfish and boil pots of other seafood goodies. The location is not suggested for large groups or people wanting a quiet atmosphere. The service can be hit or miss but the food makes it stand out.I must say that the food was absolutely delicious. The service was unacceptable. We were welcomed as a group 19 people and they said they were ready for us. However it was their first time opening their new upstairs room. Not only did only half of the food come out. The 2nd half never came out.. The second half is never made it and we were told they had run out of food yet half of our party was already eating. By the time we placed another order in they miscommunicated and still never made the food after waiting for nearly half an hour. Even though They have done all of this they still didn't offer to compensate us other than our drinks and we were not drinking!!! Oh and they had an attitude about it. Even the owner was called.  Too many other paces to go to deal with this.Super yummy food. The New Orleans chargrilled oysters are DELICIOUS! the Bayou rolls are awesome as well as the Bang Bang shrimp. We are definitely returning!If you're in New Orleans, BOIL Seafood is an absolute MUST! Ask for Jessica, as our service was incredible. Sweet and attentive to our every need, she suggested the Bang Bang shrimp, and it was fabulous. 10/10 will return for the amazing food and even better service!A  very disappointing experience overall, went thinking about having some boiled crawfish, particularly with the new sauces. Started with some oysters, overall good of medium size, briny and cold ( right temperature for oysters). And finally ordered 5 pounds of crawfish, unfortunately it was very disappointing, the crawfish was poorly seasoned, mostly boiled with the sauces poured outside after cooking, leaving the meat tasteless. To add insult to injury it was served cold !! ( wrong temperature for boiled seafood).
Also paid 4$ for sausages, the description was of andouille sausage, and instead had four small marshmellow sized kielbasa sausage...
For the price and hype, the food was disappointing, I am not planning to return anytime soon. Fortunately, for a place like New Orleans, were there is no lack of excellent crawfish and seafood, it is just a matter of time...Their OG boil sauce is really good. We got the medium and it was the perfect mixture of spice. The bread is sooo fluffy in the inside and just the right crunch on the outside. The crawfish beignets are excellent. I've never had something like it. It  doesn't taste too strongly of crawfish but it was the perfect app for the boil. Definitely make reservation in advance.Good flavor, the seafood was good, potatoes and corn also tasty. The salad with seared tuna also had great flavors. The interior was clean and had good ambiance, also in a cute local neighborhood. I'm glad we found this place on our trip to NOLA. Their review on Google is excellent.The place gets packed quick so show up early the the drinks are pretty good the seafood is amazing it didnt take long for the food to come out the prices are up there & the service was ok I would recommendWhen you need crawfish but it's not crawfish season, come here. According to their staff they fly in live farmed crawfish from California in the off season, so it's there for an option. Get the blended flavoring, it's tasty!The place is busy so make a reservation or expect to wait.  The crawfish were amazing. Big and meaty. Not like the scrawny little one you see at other places. Prices were good and the place is clean. Service is fast. Definitely will be back.Tried early season crawfish.  Size was small with some large in the mix.  Medium and spicy where both good spice levels.The yelp reviews did me a service and I went to this place. Amazing service, delicious seafood, spot on seasoning and heat for my boil dish. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for some raw oysters or a classic boiled dish of crustaceans, corn and potatoes!Great atmosphere and GREAT food! Staff was so nice and accommodating! The food was outstanding and pretty reasonably priced. All the drinks were delicious especially the coconut mojito.It really hit the spot and I can't wait to go back!Just spent $400 for a family of six. I'm glad they renovated that old building. But in New Orleans when u say boil u set high expectations for flavor. If you are from any place other than New Orleans you gone be pissed cause you could get seafood like that in Oklahoma. Do yourself a favor and go to Pascals and spend and extra one hundred and enjoy yourself. Service was great by the way.I am a local. My daughter saw this place and thought due to the location is was going to be great, sadly it was not! The charbroiled oysters is really the only reason it's getting two stars. The food was mediocre at best. Gumbo was watery and not seasoned well at all. The "boiled seafood" was rubbery and not seasoned well. When the waitress came, I asked if this a representation of a "New Orleans Seafood Boil" she assured me it was. When the food was finally brought to our table(Service was awful), I asked the waitress if this was boiled like people from here boil, this time she said it is boiled then sautéed in whatever seasoning you chose.  The flavor of the seafood taste like it was boiled in salt water!!
Poor representation of a true New Orleans seafood boil! 
Wasted money but lesson learned, will not be going back!This is not a fancy place but this is where the locals go eat seafood boils which you know it will be good. It's about a 10-15 min Uber/lyft drive from the main bourbon street area. It gets a 5 star because the quality and freshness from the seafood boil we ordered hit the spot. I've eaten at plenty of crawfish places in Seattle and this one was recommended to me by a NOLA local. You definitely want to get a reservation here or else you'll be waiting about an hour or more for dinner on a Friday night. Just to note - the pound of blue crab will mainly be the shells and small legs (it was a lot of work) but they do provide those crackers of course. We got the Cajun spice & medium hotness. It was filled with amazing flavor and it was the recommended flavor.Went with a group of 8, we ordered the feast with boil house flavor and high heat. It was very flavorful and let us craving for more, the sauce was so good we anticipated taking the leftovers home for another meal lol. Ordered the red velvet cake for a sweet end. Amazing food and service.Lots of two words to describe this place:
Sooo good
No regrets 
My crawdaddy
JUST GO
All their sauces are excellent - try all of themHorrible, the food was not at all what was described. For $135 for a boiled seafood platter. The price was crazy and if you order seafood gumbo and ask if it's seafood gumbo why do they have smear in it, and yes you have to ask for a spoon (it doesn't come with one. Food must be boiled ahead of time then dipped into seasoning which by the way over cooks the seafood and taste like yesterday's leftovers.This was the best meal we had in New Orleans. Wonderful location and ambiance. Highly recommend! They really need to open a location in the FQ and beat everyone at their game! The Cajun sampler boil plate was great.Just Don't! This was a very busy place and, for the life of me, I do not know why. All "Boiled" seafood was served swimming in a tin of OIL!  What?? Yes, oil (maybe lard, not sure)!  Not only is this against all rules of seafood boiling but just try to peel seafood when the oil makes everything slip out of your grasp.  Varying degrees of "Heat" were ordered at the table yet all the spice levels were exactly the same.  Everyone's clothes were covered in red oil by the end of the meal.  Boiled blue crabs were tiny.  No utensils to crack claws with.  No wipes for after the mess.  No napkins or paper towels unless you take them from a table that has them.  The po-boy sandwich was drizzled with a sweet, iridescent, slightly green sauce that had no purpose or place there except to add a nauseatingly unusual flavor to the flavorless fish breading.  The bread and potatoes were good, though.
ETA: I see that most good reviews are from out-of-towners.  I am wagering that they just don't know any better.Disappointed! So we're from Houston & wanted to try some Viet-Cajun style crawfish in New Orleans (it's amazing & huge hit in Houston). We called BOIL Seafood House to ask if the crawfish was live because we won't order if frozen. They told us it was live on the phone so we decided to have dinner here tonight. Ordered the crawfish with the combo sauce choice (forgot the name), gumbo, fries and "Asian" wings. First of all, the CRAWFISH WAS FROZEN! We are crawfish lovers and could tell right off the bat. It was horrible and the sauce/seasoning was flavorless. Asked the waitress (she was sweet btw) if the crawfish was frozen or live and she said live - but said she will double check. Came back and said "oops sorry I lied - it's frozen". SMH. What a waste of a dinner because if the host would've been truthful with us when we initially called, we wouldn't have even drove our way there to eat!
And to anyone who doesn't understand the big deal between live & frozen crawfish - there's a HUGE difference in texture and "juicy"ness. The gumbo was also room temperature. Giving 2 stars for the waitress because she was sweet and handled the situation well. Won't be back when visiting NOLA.We decided to go in for a quick bite because the owner was outside last weekend handing out samples of wine. She was so friendly and adorable! We ended up staying for a full meal. The place is absolutely stunning. The ambiance alone is enough to want to be in there. The food was out of this world! The crawfish beignets are to die for! Natalie our server, talked us into the feast which comes with Alaskan King Crab legs, Snow Crab Legs, Fresh Gulf Shrimp, Clams Mussels and the corn and potatoes!!! It was beyond delicious. 5 Star service. 5 Star food and it's always good to know that the owners are locals. Will definitely be back and recommend it to everyone! Also they told us about their happy hour and weekday specials which are legit!!Let me start of with the positives ..the food is so good! Everything was satisfying. I left fat and full. And my server at the bar was definitely my spirit animal ...until he charged me $60 for TWO CLUSTERS of snow crab legs!! $60! I ordered 2lbs of snow crab legs because that's what I came for and I didn't want to share a pound with my date. In all of my 30yrs on Earth, a pound of snow crabs has been 2 clusters and normally a little extra ..every place I've ever eaten them. When my food got the the table I got just that, 2 clusters and a little extra. I didn't complain bc we ordered a lot of other things too so I assumed he only wrote down 1lb or the kitchen made a mistake. No big deal. After we ate, I asked another waiter how many clusters do you get with a pound and he said (and I quote) "A pound is usually 2 full clusters and you may get another one with 3-4 legs on it. It's a good bit". Ok thank you kind sir for confirming what I know. So once my bill came I saw that I was charged for 2lbs. Still no big deal at the time. I just made the waiter aware thinking he would notice the mistake and take it off of my bill. Think again. I was then told the exact opposite of what the other guy told me. Now all of a sudden one cluster is a pound ..how and when has that ever been? I know it may seem petty but when I'm paying $30/LB for something I would honestly love my money's worth. I definitely feel like I donated $30 because I surely didn't eat it. 
All in all, pretty good spot. Not too sure if I'll make it a point to go back but I'd recommend it with a disclaimer to ask questions and make sure you're getting everything you paid for! 3/5I wish I could leave 2.5 stars, so I'll round up to 3. This is one of those spots tourists could go and think nothing of it but as a local I can honestly say I've had better boiled seafood at a corner store. It wasn't terrible, but compared to the price not worth it at all. 
My best friend wanted crab legs, so I discovered this place on Yelp. It had reasonably high reviews which is what I look for when going somewhere for the first time. Since it was her birthday, I didn't mind that I would probably pay an arm and a leg to eat boiled seafood on Magazine Street. "It will be a fancier setting than a seafood market for birthday dining..." is what I told myself. When we arrived, it was obvious that this small dining hall wasn't suitable for a larger party than 4. We waiting awhile for space to clear up so that we could push two tables together for our party of six. That was fine. 
Once we were seated, I knew it was a bad omen when I asked for a round of ice water with lemon, and the server forgot to bring the lemon. A minor slip up, but always an indication of a forgetful server who's not used to working a high-end venue. I wouldn't necessarily even call this a high-end venue, but the prices are pretty up there. She brought several slices of lemon back to the table on a soggy bar napkin instead of a plate, which I found a little bit odd. 
It was pretty much downhill from there, because she just could not remember simple things like refilling a beer or flatware. I would have to ask her several times for the same thing. We also didn't get utensils until after our food arrived, which always bugs me. 
Despite having the skills you'd expect from a waitress at Denny's, we were hopeful about the food.
It was just average. Not terrible; not great. I ordered the king crab legs at a whopping $39 a pound, and they were definitely overcooked and a little bit dried out. The house sauce, which is a combination of all of their sauces was pretty good. That was actually the best part of my meal. The bottled Abita Strawberry Beer was crisp and delicious, and was pretty much the saving grace of my experience. Not what I would expect after spending so much money but I was ok with that until things seemed to get worse. 
Someone in our party had a hair in their pasta, but unfortunately didn't discover it until they were almost finished. Not the worst thing that could happen I guess. 
What I found the most annoying was how our server kept telling us how tired she was. Not what I'm trying to hear after I worked an 80 hour work week and I'm treating my best friend to bday dinner. Her demonstration of fatigue seemed to be highlighted by the stack of dirty dishes piled up on our table that she never cleared- pet peeve. Just when I thought it couldn't get much worse, she brought out my friend's birthday cake with lit candle and placed it right on top of a tower of dirty dishes as she said, "Here you go. I'm sure y'all are ready to get out of here, which I understand..." We were still eating our entrees and everything, so I'm not sure why she perceived a sense of urgency. By the time my friend and finished our food and wiped our hands, her candle was burned down to a little stub. I've never seen a candle burn down that far. It didn't make for much of a photo op, considering the cake plate was leaning on a stack of dirty dishes, and the candle was pretty much done.
All and all by far what I'd expect after dropping $141 for 2 people to eat some average tasting boiled seafood. Next time I'll op to go grab and go from a local seafood market and set up a fancy picnic in the park.Lived in La for 3 years while stationed at Polk... back in NOLA with wife and son and looking for a true crawfish boil- this place does not disappoint! Great options to mix up your meat, taste and heat but the "Boil house" flavor is amazing. The atmosphere is pretty cool too.This place is amazing! Best boil I have ever had! Every time I come to New Orleans now, this will be a stop. Tim was our server and he did a great job. He had tables on both floors, made our drinks, and ran our food. Since I served for many years I noticed how hard he was working. He was super friendly and gave us a lot of reccommendations not only on the menu but also for the city. We ended up having two boils it was so good, and Tim makes a great hurricane! Can't wait to be back!Not good, have eaten in several viet-Cajun places before , shrimp were good, rest was low quality seafood, just generally not good, no bread, rationed. The corn and potatoes., sausage ala cart also not good.
Worst of all was served like warm , think had been sitting 
Service was terrible, took a reservation for 8 then made us wait over an hour, rarely saw a server 
Maybe Midwest tourist fooled, but I doubt they will last.Made reservations for 8:30 and was immediately seated when I arrived! Loved that!!!!!  If you are cluster phobic you may want to prepare yourself for extremely close to eating quarters. 
I went there thinking that I would get Cajun Seafood near Broadmor but this owner put a joes crab shack/Jaegers twist with BBQshrimp style dishes. I chose the potstickers as my appetizer they were really good but had a weird soy vinegar dip. Should just be replaced with soy. Immediately I did not like the crawfish b/c as a local I was expecting boiled crawfish the way we do it.  I selected the cajun seasoning crawfish and crabs with medium heat. The crawfish came out with a sweet heat bbq shrimp style seasoning and a dry seasoning sprinkled on top. Which was served with a mini french loaf. I was super hungry and left still hungry bc of the small portions. They should try putting corn and potatoes as a part of the dishes. 
I was there as a party of two we ordered the potstickers 3 pounds of crawfish and we both ordered boil house Dungeoness crab's and my total bill was $83 that was without the 18% tip.
They have great daily specials for drinks and food. I'll go back and try other selections and review them also.
Overall it was different but good. Everyone there was laughing and talking and just having a good time. I would go back for the crab and because I like the Mag street scene.
Was a welcomed close to my Friday and a long work week.Wow!  What can I say. The service was top notch. The bartender made great mojitos and was nice enough to show me how to eat crawfish. The sauce was excellent!Idk where to even start. I called initially to try and make some special arrangements for my birthday, but I was told there was "no manager or assistant manager on duty". There were no gloves or bibs. After I asked the hostess said they "ran out". Our server had just started that day, but besides that it's annoying because the servers type your order into, essentially a phone. So if you say it and it doesn't go in that phone more than likely, it won't come to you. We ordered a pound of snow crab legs each, two orders of garlic butter noodles, a side of rice, and corn and potatoes. Only three out of four crab legs came out, and were cold. We had to sit around and wait for another 10 minutes while they brought out the last person's plate. We then were told that there will be nothing done for the inconvenience. The last play of crab legs they came out were cold as well! When I asked the server what happened to our garlic noodles, he acted like he didn't even know what I was talking about. So I re-ordered the noodles and tried to keep calm. Another ten minutes go past and I remind the young man (Pierre was his name) of the Noodles. once again, he looks unaware of me ordering the noodles. Please keep in mind these garlic noodles are on the SIDE DISH menu. So why are they taking so long? I finally said it's ok I didn't want the noodles anymore (at this point we were done eating). Pierre rushes into the kitchen and comes out with two plates of garlic noodles and tries to put them on the table. I said no thank you we said we don't want them anymore. The server, Pierre, then tells me "YOURE GOING TO HAVE TO PAY FOR THEM EITHER WAY, YOU MIGHT AS WELL BOX THEM UP" 
I'm sure y'all can imagine I wanted to lose it on that server. Another server overheard and apologized for it being his first day and said of course they'll take the noodles off. There was nothing to do but get a business card and contact the manager or corporate later. In the end, I'll never eat there again.In NOLA for 1 day and on a no carb diet. Decided to try BOIL. It was amazing. The food was excellent and tasty and the service was exceptional. The chat grilled oysters were the beat I've ever had. Will definitely re visitHighly recommended for boiled crawfish and shrimp. The server was very nice and extremely happy to answer questions. They give you options of selecting your catch, type of spice and heat level. We started off with the Cajun Classic, 1 lb crawfish, 1 lb shrimp, 2 potatoes & 2 corn in Cajun spice at a medium heat. Extremely great flavor but my wife and I wanted more heat so we ordered another 1 lb crawfish and 1 lb of shrimp and kicked it up to high heat.  Still great flavor with just the right amount of heat for us.  We both left full and extremely satisfied.  Next time we are on New Orleans, we will be stopping by for more.Crawfish and shrimp were full of flavor. I decided to go with the boil house flavor which is Caribbean, Cajun, and garlic butter mixed. I was surprised by the minimum about of crawfish when I ordered 2lbs but the crawfish are very large and therefore you will receive about 8 crawfish per pound. If you like spicy food I would suggest extra high. I chose high and did not taste the heat I was looking for. Downside to our visit was the waitress. We waited 45min after ordering 1lb or shrimp, 2lbs or crawfish,  and wasn't checked on during that time. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans and wanting to taste good boil seafood in a great locationSurprisingly amazing. I'm only saying that because I don't typically do seafood boil. Coming from Boston it's usually greasy and take like just straight Cajun spice. Boil seafood was so good we ordered another 5lbs of after we finish the first order. The flavor was amazing with just enough heat and seafood was fresh. The snow crab legs shell just broke apart. I would highly recommend this place to  anyone visiting. We plan on going again todayDon't do it !! Tourist trap!! I got better seafood in Oakland! I let the waitress know that the crab was hella cold inside!! She looked at me like I had egg on my face!! 213dollar bill !!! Don't do it!!!! Gave very little sauce then got charge for extra!!We had spent hours walking down Magazine St. and the Garden District when we came upon Boil. Salivating for more crawfish and oysters, we stopped in. The prices were not that bad and the atmosphere wasn't uptight by any means. We were greeted by a warm smile and a beer menu selected for the restaurants specialties. 
We ordered pounds oysters, crawfish, crab legs, mussels, and shrimp and the only issue we encountered is not having larger tables! 
We got the boil house seasoning which had a unique heat and flavor, the crawfish were the largest we've been able to get in town that week and the oysters were very fresh. I will definitely recommend and only anticipate my next visit to NOLA just so I can stop by here.Excellent service, good food, but the drinks were so strong I couldn't get them down! Lol, I know that's a plus for some, so take it for what it's worth. Oysters were excellent!Our go to for a boil when we are at magazine street. Service and food is always great. I love the voodoo rice and sweet tea too! I'd recommend calling ahead for a reservation.This place is amazing!!!!!!!! I came here expecting average or decent but this is the best seafood I've had in my life! I got a chance to unintentionally interact with the owner and he was super nice and went out of his way and that says a lot about the business and the people that run it. I came in one afternoon and was able to be seated right away. As soon as I sat down, the table was noted to be wobbling. I didn't even notice and apparently the owner that was sitting with his family quickly sprang into action to fix it. I personally thought that was amazing! The waitress explained the menu pretty well due to me being a first time customer. I got the House Special which was the best option for the variety of food that I wanted. I kid you not guys, my food came out in less than 15 mins!!!! The crawfish was cooked perfect and they were HUGE! The crabs were perfect & the shrimp were huge as well. The sides were cooked to perfection and perfectly surrounded in Cajun sauce. I got the Cajun seasoning and medium which ended up being hotter than expected but I don't mind the extra heat-so just be aware. Overall the service was pretty awesome-of course it got pretty busy after I sat down but everyone else seemed pretty happy with the quality of food.I will definitely return! I've been to New Orleans several times but first time with the kiddos. Boil was a great, welcoming atmosphere and the food was superb. Our waitress was so attentive and made sure the kids never had an empty glass of fruit punch. She clearly explained the best options for us to enjoy the seafood and again, we will definitely return.The worst seafood boil I've ever had. 
We called to make sure they had blue crab and the said yes come on by its $8/lb! We went right over and they didn't have any. Uh? 
Easily can get over that,  but then we ordered three different types of seafood boil.  The clams were overcooked,  salty,  and they were tossed around on the plate with clams scattered all over the serving plate. 
Okay,  still trying to give them a chance... Ordered a vodka on the rocks and received a watered down shot of vodka.
Now a bit annoyed, chargrilled oysters were served grilled with fake butter. FAKE.   They were yellow. Uh this is NOLA and the price of normal butter is not exorbitant, and every other seafood restaurant uses real butter. 
We started to dip the king crab,  at $39/lb into the "clarified butter"... we immediately tasted the smokey burnt flavor of fry oil. We addressed this with the server,  and 10 minutes later we received FAKE butter.  "I can't believe it's not butter" or some crap for expensive seafood ,  are you kidding me?  It was a yellow congealed cup of slop that we were expected to dip our $78 order of king crab into.  
I wouldn't even have written this except for the response from the staff.  We told the server we weren't able to eat the crab and he tried to find a manager.  24 minutes later, and after repeated requests, a female manager begrudgingly came out and refused to take it off the bill. We went back and forth and she left without any apology.  The server finally came back and the crab was comped.  
It wasn't the server's fault,  but I've never seen such lack of caring by a business owner or the fact the the owner did not empower their staff to take care of what could have been an easily resolved concern.  I've also never seen such a horrible response from a "manager". 
Your business could fail with the massive competition in NOLA unless you have a desire to meet the basic hospitality needs of locals and tourists alike.Excellent place to grab some of the best seafood in New Orleans! I took a large group here while in town for a convention, the service was top of the notch and the food was superb. I got "The Shack" dinner with the Boil House season, one pound of shrimp, one pound of crab legs, two potatoes and two corn, and a part of a sausage was more than enough food for myself and I was hungry. I also tried some crawfish that one of my friends got, they were also excellent, if a little small. It was definitely a hit for my group. I'll certainly be returning next time I'm in town.Picked this place on a whim for a nice lunch on Magazine St. My mother is partial to seafood and when I browsed the menu, the boiled seafood and their options for different sauces appealed to me. Love that you can purchase seafood by the pound and pick different sauces to try them in. I had the mussels in the garlic butter and was very pleased with it. The chargrilled oysters were tasty as well. Mom enjoyed the seafood platter though it could've been more on it but it's what you expect to pay for the area. Also the fish is speckled trout which makes sense for the cost. Loved the laid back environment and the murals are pretty cool. Set up is well utilized for a smaller space and always enjoy the view of Magazine St!As local New Orleanians, we have our favorite seafood spots, but a friend drove our group of 15 plans toward the new BOIL. 
While the concept is creative, BOIL fell short in execution. You choose your seafood, flavor, and level of spice. I had shrimp, cajun flavor, and extra spicy. The sauce they tossed the shrimp in was plentiful with cayenne and oily. The shrimp were overcooked and extremely hard to peel; probably the worst I've ever had. Family members had a similar experience with other all other types of seafood. Blue crab had virtually no meat and zero claws. 
Additionally, we pre-reserved a room and they required a $200 down payment, which was applied toward paying our inflated check. Right before ordering they let us know we couldn't order appetizers or salads; we had to order platters or seafood by the pound. Not a deal breaker, but rather random to announce after we were seated and had our drinks, much less after paying a large deposit. Then, they would split checks. Fine. 
Next time we will stick with the usual, local neighborhood seafood establishments.Went by and compared to last year they've really made the food better. Three stars for the awful plumbing smell and slow service.Boil is a great place to eat boiled seafood. Boil also tosses their seafood in either a Caribbean seasoning, garlic butter, Cajun seasoning or Boil House seasoning (this is what I got because it's a combination of all three and it was fire ). You get to choose your spicy level too - I went with hot, duh. I tried the shrimp, crawfish and stuffed crab starter! Super good.Horrible service. Today I ate at BOIL Seafood House, the food was great the problem was that my friend had come a month earlier and ordered 2 pounds of snow crab at the price of 29 dollars +tax. The waiter Jacob, made a face at us - shocked, asking 2 pounds to which we said yes. On the wall behind him it said the prices of the meat but not for the weight. It said 29 dollars next to the snow crab. We ate the meal when the bill came it read as 58. We called the waiter back over to contest it because it said 29 on the wall. He said well you ordered 2 pounds and i checked with you so its 58. We had to call over the manager and Jacob explained to him that he had said 2 pounds but had assumed we knew that it was 29 dollars per a pound when it wasn't written on the menu, on the wall or said to us. They made us pay full price for the meal after explaining that he made an assumption that we knew it was 29 a pound and then swore fuck you and walked away. We had no problem paying the bill but they need to train their servers better and probably write per the pound on their menu if they wont.Make a reservation! Although we went before the dinner crowd, we could not get a table without going on our phone and making a reservation first. Once our names popped up on their computer, the hostess was able to seat us.
Food is good, crawfish and shrimp were mainly what we had for dinner. What is different about this place is your get to choose your flavoring and heat. Not exactly traditional, but still deliciousness.I LOVED THIS PLACE. This was our last stop during our trip and I wouldn't have ended it any other way. Every single time I come to Nola I will come here! The oysters were my absolute favorite!!! Might be the best thing I've eaten in my whole life-and that's saying a lot. I also had the crawfish boil and their seasoning is DIVINE (a little salty, but only after having so much). They know what they're doing here!Pros-
Delicious Delicious Delicious!
Great flavor
Decent portions
Good location, 12 minutes away from bourbon street
Strong drinks
Friendly staff
CONS-
Pricey but you get what you pay for
Ran out of many items on the menu
Would recommend!Food was excellent, however we sat on the balcony and our server was extremely un attentive, she never came to check on us once our food came, we had to come back in (through the window) multiple times to get our own utensils, napkins, etc. 
We didn't receive bread or small forks for the crab legs until we were almost done- same with drink refills. We loved the food, but Tori ruined the experience and made us feel that we were a bother to her. All of us have worked in the food service industry and the customer service really can ruin the whole meal.So good and fun! Had the shrimp and crawfish boil with medium heat and it was perfection! Make sure to start with a dozen charbroiled oysters...so good we had 3 dozen!Tastes like a mid-western restaurant trying to make Louisiana food. The crawfish were soaked in oil (weird and gross, crawfish are boiled, not cooked in oil) and 3 tiny new potatoes cost $4. Totally overpriced. Not an authentic experience. They don't even give you a side platter for shells. For real crawfish go to Bevi's (in season).I gave this restaurant another shot while visiting New Orleans. The service is still excellent, and the seafood is really good this time. Highly recommend the Caribbean sauce, it's soooo yummy. Definitely come back here again when I have chance to visit Nola.We made an impromptu stop for a bite to eat and were sure glad we did! Bartender Sammy made us feel welcome and recommended some signature dishes. The charbroiled oysters impressed both of us as well as the Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer. Loved the Strawberry Basil Mojito and hubby tried some local craft beer. Seeing PBR on tap surprised us!Boil was great.  Service was  nice.   Atmosphere is casual, not too loud.  Perfect dinner spot.I visited during a busy time of year during Essence Fest. A lot of the other restaurants had closed since the holiday is tomorrow (July 4) but this place was still open. The wait was about 45 minutes, but they give you the option to sit at the bar for faster service. The atmosphere was really nice, and the paint seemed fluorescent ‍ kinda cool. I ordered the Louisiana Lemonade and OMG they definitely didn't water it down. It was so good and strong enough to get a nice buzz from just one. I also created my own seafood bowl. King crab, potatoes and mushrooms with boil house seasoning and medium heat. The food was AMAZINGGGG!! It was really good and I'd definitely order it again. Staff was super friendly and apologetic about the wait, which seemed a lot less than 45 minutes. I enjoyed my visit!Solid 4 stars. This restaurant is located just a few blocks from my house, we went on a Sunday evening and they were extremely busy. We decided to sit at the bar as they were on a 20 minute wait.  The atmosphere is 5 stars, has a great causal feel and reminds me of something you would see at the beach.  It's on the smaller side so seating is tight.  
My friend and I ordered several shareable. The bang bang shrimp was excellent, gumbo was meaty and hot. However the lobster Mac and cheese was not very cheesy, tasted a bit "fishy", we did not enjoy.  I could smell all the seasonings around me and they smelled wonderful and everyone seemed to be enjoying there food. The service was quick and the bartender was very kind. However when we questioned an item she could not describe it, but I would chalk it up to a new restaurant. 
Over all I enjoy and could see myself going to enjoy a beer after work.The food was good. I enjoyed the food, good amount and the taste is good. My drink was really good as well it was called coconut mojito, my friend had the hurricane and it was also good. Thank you for service.I have been looking forward to Boil Seafood House opening.  We pickup from across the street all the time, so I've been watching their renovations.
I tried to drop my preconceived notions on boiled crawfish.  I understand their is more than one way to cook this delicious creature.  We ordered a few pounds of crawfish and had them seasoned with the house special at medium heat.  The crawfish were perfect in size.  Great batch.  However, I did not like the seasoning.  Seemed bland in comparison to a regular boil.  Clearly, I was not able to drop any preconceived notions.  
Our ordered accouterments included corn and sausage.  Nothing particularly wrong with them, they just didn't have much flavor.  Corn was kind of buttery if you like that.  
Raw oysters were decent.  Nicely sized.  Cocktail sauce was fine.
The crab lagoon dip should have been better. I found it a bit bland.
Fries had a flat shape, which is different.  They were well flavored.  Enjoyed them. 
One of my favorite dishes were the wings.  I think I had them with a buffalo sauce.  I have no idea why I ordered wings at a seafood restaurant, but I'm glad I did.  They do not have ranch, but I thought the wings were tasty enough in their own right.  Solid 3/5.
All in all, Boil Seafood House was kind of a let down.  The food for the most part felt under seasoned.  I'm sure some patrons will appreciate this, but for me, I like lots of sodium with my crawfish.  
Almost forgot to mention, the place is pretty cool on the inside, and they are renovating upstairs.  Their 2nd floor balcony should be awesome.  Service was great.My daughter wanted to eat here and I was reluctant because there were so many restaurants within walking distance of the Marriott. I'm glad we went. The food was excellent. You select your seafood, then the type of seasoning and then the level of heat. My wife and I had Dungeness crab and it was great. We also had chargrilled oysters. We had tried them at Acme Oyster House and Drago's. Surprisingly, Boil's we're the best. Highly recommended.Great place, great atmosphere, food and service.  I had the cajun bowl and my daughters had the king crab.  Lots of food.First off, will say I'm not a local this seafood is on the pricey side compared to what you could get at a hole in the wall that's just as good in another part of town BUT this place is still DELICIOUS none the less. The price you pay is worth it 100%. 
We got the Cajun Classic in the boil house seasoning and medium heat (medium didn't leave your nose running at all, not even close), chargrilled oysters and chargrilled blue crab. All 3 did not disappoint!! We appreciated that you could get the chargrilled oysters and a boil all at the same place. Oysters could've had a little less parmesan and the chargrilled flavor definitely stood out in the blue crab. Our drinks were well prepared as well - Louisiana Mule and Basil Strawberry Lemonade. 
I will recommend this restaurant to others when speaking of my experience.We had a really good experience! It looks really cool inside and everything was clean. We started with the fried alligator appetizer, which was tasty, and then got the Taste of New Orleans Bucket with cajun flavor and high heat. DID NOT DISAPPOINT! I've read some reviews that said the boil was bland, but keep in mind *you* are the one picking the flavors here sooooooo just something to think about.. :)Holy smokes. I loved it. The crawfish were cooked perfectly, then coated in butter and more flavor. You really can't go wrong. We got the BOIL house flavor which tasted amazing. The Caribbean spices really came through and it was just lovely. This is not typical New Orleans style boiled seafood, so know that before you go.
Try the wings too. Garlic butter chicken wings? Absolutely. And the shrimp on the shrimp salad had all the wonderful flavors of a New Orleans seafood boil that we know and love.
The ambiance gets an A++ The mural, color palate, and lighting are reason enough to give the place a visit. Our server was also quite friendly and hospitable.
If you can't tell I'm really excited about this place. And for those New Orleanian seafood traditionalists, approach with an open mind. Enjoy!We were in the mood for a seafood boil dinner and stumbled across BOIL Seafood House on Yelp. They have an online reservation system but we didn't see the time that we wanted so we gave them a call. They told us that they usually don't take reservations over the phone but were willing to make an exception for us since we only wanted a slot that was 15 minutes earlier than the slot they had online. We appreciated this! 
When we got there, there was a wait outside but our table was ready. We wanted to get the Taste of New Orleans but they were out of blue crab so we opted for The House instead which came with crawfish, shrimp, snow crab legs, sausage, corn, and potatoes. We got it at a medium spice level and the Boil House sauce (combo of the three). It got pretty spicy but I really enjoyed the taste of the sauce - it wasn't sweet and not too oily, which I prefer. Additionally, we ordered the Thursday special which is half off chargrilled dungeness crab legs. These were so delicious and such a great deal. They have special deals everyday of the week and we happened to come on one of the best deal days. We also initially ordered the voodoo rice as a side but they told us that they accidentally overcooked the rice so it wouldn't come in time. However, we overheard another server tell their table that it was sold out. 
Our meal wasn't cheap, but it was decent, and I'd come back. Boiling Crab in the Bay Area is still my one true love but I was happy I was able to experience a seafood boil while visiting New Orleans.Before Boil, my only experience with Cajun-style seafood boils in Louisiana have been large-scale, neighborhood-style events with plenty of spicy shellfish and cold beer. Those occasions had such a authentic character and infectious energy that I wondered whether translating the experience into a four-walled, knife-and-fork setting would dilute some of its power. While there still is nothing quite like inhaling fresh crawfish and sausage outside with friends and family, Boil's version is flavorful enough to make up for the lack of sun. The inside is casual but festive with Louisiana-themed décor; our party dined upstairs where it's a little more private. We shared a plate of the crawfish beignets, which were excellent. The fried dough was thick and spongy with scrumptious crumbly but soft crawfish filling and a creamy aioli on the side.  Afterward, I tucked into the Cajun Classic, which comes with 1 lb of crawfish and shrimp each with two potatoes and a link of andouille sausage, at "high heat," the second spiciest option. The broth decidedly packed a kick, but not to the point of pain. More importantly, it was complex with notes of garlic, citrus, and, of course, shellfish coming through. The crawfish were decent but on the smaller side (although August isn't technically during peak season), but the shrimp were plump and tasty. Don't be a hero and neglect your bib - the juice WILL splatter all over you and your neighbor. The meal was a little on the pricier side - around $30 a pop for 8 dudes to eat (and drink) comfortably - but otherwise a solid experience.Pretty cool spot located on magazine. This place was packed but we was seated in the matter of 30min. Tables are pretty close to each other but comfortable. Dining area sits right in front the bar street side so you can watch a game or two while dining in. Over all restaurant is really clean and staff is nice as well. The food was good across the board. I tried something new which I loved the charbroiled dungeon crabs....those were really tasteful, I would recommend to all. The alligator bites could have been more generous on the proportions taking into consideration it is a shareable appetizer but for the most part it was tasteful as well.I'd like to say the food was good, but we barely got to try it. They changed our pickup order on us last minute - stating they had "notified" us that they were out of items, even though when we picked up they told us the order was right (and pickup was a challenge). It was impossible to get in contact with them to rectify it, and when we finally did it was a challenge to get a refund for the items they didn't give us. I will say they did finally refund us, and we're grateful for that, but please do a better job at communicating with your customers. Especially with people often visiting from out of town.
EDIT: Thank you for your attention to detail, Hieu, and your kind response. The food we did get was very good. When we're back in town we'd love to give you a chance again.Food was really good. A regular boil was enough for 3 people. A bit expensive but it is totally worth itHieu D, Owner, 
Please book 4 round trip flights from PBI to compensate for your blunder, and sure, at that point we might then reconsider. 
In a town full of Southern etiquette and manners, BOIL is the opposite. Since you are so worried about the bottom line and rushing your guests, it would be in your incentive to rebrand. BOIL is closer to a fast food experience and service than local dining.We had a great time at BOIL Seafood House and the staff were exceptionally friendly and showed us how to properly eat crawfish! Would totally recommend for people visiting New Orleans who want to try Crawfish and other seafood while in town!My fristers( sister/friend) and I went to Nola to celebrate Fay's 40th birthday we wanted a good seafood boil and boy was this the spot. It was 13 of us I called ahead and made reservations Tim the manager and Jennifer(Jen) was so nice and accommodating. The service and the food was amazing and I will highly recommended BOIL seafood house. Thanks for the hospitality.What a disaster. Waited over an hour when we were told wait was 20 minutes. Absolutely no one working here knew what they were doing. Hosts were seating people randomly and looked so confused about who should be next. Finally sat at the bar because we were starving at this point. Bartenders were completely overwhelmed with food orders, had no idea what the dishes were or who they belonged to. Corner tables were piled up with dirty plates, so no one was even busing anything. Absolutely chaos! After 90 mins we just left and went next door to get hot dogs. Worst dining experience during our trip to Nola. Don't bother coming here!This place is amazing the crab is phenomenal. Definitely suggest the house seasoning. Will definitely come back! My parents were very pleased.The ambiance of the restaurant is beautiful ! Crawfish have very unique flavors! Great addition to the city! Excellent service! Will be back soon!Went Mardi Gras night (8:15).  We had reservations and were seated promptly.  Service a little slow.  The boil was OK (sausage, shrimp, crayfish, snow crab (blue crab was sold out).  Added an extra corn and potato and mushrooms.
Flavor was good, but the crayfish mostly small.  Worst was the barely cooked potatoes.
Not as good as other boil places we've been (Low Country in Chicago is amazing) but better then some.  For the prices, should be much better. 
Meal was OK but not worth returning.When we got there the place was pretty much empty. Our server immediately brought out water and gave us our menus. We felt kind of rushed when we ordered but like I said no one was really there so she was pretty much free.
We ordered the crab dip, the Cajun classic w/ Cajun seasoning and high heat, and the trout poboy.
The crab dip was underwhelming. Too much cream cheese and absolutely no taste. Our chips were burnt so we couldn't eat them.
The Cajun classic was pretty good. Between the shrimp and crawfish, I'd say the shrimp was the best. Some were boiled too long though as they were gummy and the shells were sticking. The crawfish taste like they were frozen and boiled to make them hot again. 
I'd say the trout was the worst. You'd think when ordering a poboy it'd come with fries? WRONG. Fries were an extra $3. And to make matters worse the fish has no taste... I'm lying; it taste like fried paper.
We weren't even given wet naps. We had to ask when we saw another server give them to her party. 
If I do go back, I know I won't be getting crawfish or anything fried.
I would like to try the snow crabs though.What a delightful find.   My wife and I dropped in tonight without reservations and were graciously accommodated at the upstairs bar (we're comfortable sitting at a bar). The bartenders were knowledgeable and quite helpful in assisting us in selecting our meal as well as beer.  
We were impressed by the wide selection of boiling sauces and ended up with the house sauce which is a combination of all the sauces.  We found it a bit sweet for our taste (the sweetness is from the Caribbean jerk sauce).
Thoroughly enjoyed the meal.I came here for the first time on Sunday and was not disappointed. I made reservations for 11:45, but we arrived early and I called to see if we could come in earlier and they were accommodating. I also requested a wheelchair accessible table and they also fulfilled our request. Walking in, we were seated very quickly and greeted with friendly faces. Our server came by to introduce himself (forgot his name), but he was super attentive, nice, and offered recommendations while thoroughly explaining the menu. We ordered drinks and waited for 2 more people in our party to arrive. 
Now on to the food; we decided on half a dozen raw oysters and for seafood we got the feast with garlic butter flavor and high heat. We also got the house with Cajun flavor and medium heat. The two kids with us got the fried shrimp and fries from the kids menu. I didn't eat any raw oysters since I'm allergic, but my two cousins enjoyed them and they were a good size. I tried some of the fries and a fried shrimp and they were good as well! Fries were crispy and had great flavor and shrimp were fried to perfection. The seafood came out quickly and piping hot. For spice level, I couldn't tell much of a difference between the two. I enjoyed both, but I think we all liked the Cajun flavor better! Crawfish was decent sized, mussels were delicious, clams had fallen out of their shell so they were swimming in sauce, shrimp was cooked well, lobster was big and plentiful, snow crab was my favorite!! Both platters also included sausage, potato, and corn; all of which you can't go wrong with! We finished about 90% of the food and tapped out because we were all full, but it was all delicious!! 
All in all, food was delicious, service was great, they were following covid restrictions (mask upon entry until seated). They offer outdoor, patio seating upstairs, and a few dining tables in the main area of the restaurant. I would come back again when I'm craving seafood!Our Overall experience was amazing from the service to the food loved how accommodating and nice the entire staff was, the New Orleans Feast was delicious and would definitely recommend also the chicken tender po-boy was delicious chicken was super juicy loved it here and so glad we were able to find it! If I'm going to be completely honest next time I'll probably just order the boiled shrimp that was my favorite part thank y'all again! Hope to see y'all next time we're in NOLAReally not impressed. 
Came for boiled shrimp. They only have combo seafood boiled plates. Everything else is a la carte which makes you end up with way too many corn, sausage, or potatoes, one person needs. The Cajun boil was actually in a bbq shrimp style sauce not simply boiled. Hot was not hot. I really didn't care for it. 
Way better boiled seafood in New OrleansAmazing staff! The only thing that I did not like at this establishment were the portions (too small) compared to the price. Overall a decent place to eat. Very cramped and loud though. I recommended for a party of 2-3 .EEEEVVVVEERYYY thing on their menu is amazing! And worth every penny! The chargrilled crab is unlike anything I've every had before. The pasta is amazing and the best side you never knew you wanted! The oysters are ! The drinks are great! And the service is amazing! This is a MUST for any trip, occasion, meal, celebration ... whatever. You cannot go wrong here.Such good reviews led to stellar disappoint. Shrimp was cooked poorly so that shell did not want to come away from meat. Potatoes were raw, and corn was mush. Manager had more shrimp cooked that were just as bad as original batches. Ordered some gator bites that were bland, but remoulade was tasty. Fries were good as well, but overall a major let down.Hands down the best boil I've ever had. Friendly staff, great service and AMAZING food. First time in New Orleans I ate there twice!While the atmosphere was great, flavor of the shack boil we got (Cajun mixed with Garlic Butter) was spot on, our food was cold. The seafood seemed to have either been frozen prior or over cooked...maybe both but the crawfish and shrimp were very chewy and the crab was crumbly. Our Bartender was great! My coconut mojito was delicious, and our bayou rolls were pretty good! I'm just disappointed that we came all the way to NOLA for seafood and we've had some much better back hone in Texas (cook wise)It's okay. Feel like it's one of the few restaurants in New Orleans that sells crawfish year-round.
Their flavors are good, but no your typical boil flavor. Not a cheap meal.
On the bright side, specials each day so got a dozen oysters for $6.00 on Tuesday evening.I am a regular at this restaurant. First they lost my to-go order then I reorder and waited at the restaurant despite it was so their mistake on the loss order. They had the audacity to call me and ask me where I was when I was at the restaurant to ask me where I was to pick up my food. This is a case of miscommunication between the kitchen and the front. And on another note seat me after someone who came after me and tell me they had a reservation while I am standing at the front where I can hear that I knew for a fact they just walked in and asked for a table. It's really upsetting to hear when you come here every week and a regular. There should be a change on management as y'all should realize us regulars is what supports the business. The boil is lucky I appreciate the chefs work and not the service I just received because I've had good service here before hence I know this is not the caliber it is. Whoever owns this place should look into this as it hinders your business.So much food!! I loved my shrimp platter. It was perfectly breaded and the fries were great. The rest of my table had the Cajun Classic and the Shack boils. The food was delicious but it even the mild spices were a bit spicy for me.I'm not sure why this place had 5 stars it's terrible one thing that was good was the drinks but that's common in New Orleans we where excited for some good sea food what we got was trash . 
1. The service was slow waited 40 minutes for a appetizer 
2. The crawl fish Beignets were gross that like all sugar .
4. We asked for crab shell cracking tool and they said oh there all dirty . 
5. We ordered a platter it came out cold as ice even the sausage was bad. 
6.We told the waiter and he offered to re heat the food no thanks .
7. The managers response is there's a new kitchen manager and he's sorry ... he offered drinks we said no we are leaving and he still made us pay a small portion of the bill .... thanks for ruining our Saturday night vacation dinner
8. I'm from Cali we eat boiling crab often and this place isn't even remotely as good as biking crab it's shameful the sauce is watery and the seafood was cold if your a tourist avoid this place if your looking for "boiling crab type food "My boyfriend and I stopped in this week looking for a different take on crawfish. We both got our seafood and sides in the Cajun hot and it was seasoned great with the perfect amount of heat.  He got the Cajun classic seafood bucket and his shrimp were extremely hard to peel. 
We'd never been there, and didn't quite get an understanding of how it all worked until a different server explained it to the table next to us. Our waitress I think her name was Jen was quite possibly the worst server I've ever had. She seemed to be in a rush and very unorganized. We had to remind her about our drink orders twice because she had clearly forgot.  After taking our order she came to check on our table only twice and we had to wait over 20 min for her to bring our check. 
The flavor of the food was great and a bit different from what we were used to but still very enjoyable unfortunately for us the level of service overshadowed the food.I would say this place hands down has the best season snow crab legs I have ever ate. It may be a little pricey but it was worth it I must of spent like $80 on snow crab legs!!This place is great! There was a bit of a wait but the seafood was fresh even at the late hour and the service was greatWe've been waiting for a Viet-cajun seafood place like this to open. Seafood tossed in your choice of spiciness and flavors. We started out with a dozen of oyster cavier and a half dozen of New Orleans charbroiled oysters. The oyster cavier were raw oysters topped with wasabi roe, smelt roe and I believe, ponzu sauce. They were good and clean, which were a plus! I hate eating raw oysters when it's dirty, muddy. The charbroiled oysters were delicious as well. Super garlicky and buttery. 
Onto the boiled selections. Four pounds of crawfish, two in garlic butter sauce, two in cajun sauce. Dungeness crab in garlic butter, one pound of clams in boil house sauce, corn and mushrooms. Everything was shared between two people. The crawfish were selected sizes. It was served at room temperature instead of hot for some reason. When ordering dungeness crab, it automatically starts with two pounds, so the price you see on the wall is doubled. 
From the three sauces we ordered, I liked the garlic butter but my S/O liked the cajun. We didn't care too much for the boil house flavor, as it was a combination of the garlic butter, cajun and caribbean sauces. It was kind of weird. I don't know how to even describe it. 
Giving this place an extra star because of our waitress. She was great! I can't say we'll be back again because there's better Viet-cajun seafood around the city but it was worth a try.Amazing customer service ! My server Brent was so polite and had great recommendations. Would highly recommendWas so excited to come here u til being racislly profiled. Asked for a deposit becuse we decided to have outdoor seating and enjoy our food in the warm weather.I came here with high expectations as a tourist. I read the 4 star reviews and was really excited to try it. I waited 1 hr 30 mins to be seated. Anticipation was just building at this point. I ordered 1lb of shrimp and 1lb of mussels w the boil house flavor and spicy level "high" when the food got to the table it tasted like straight butter. It was not spicy at all. So i asked for it to be made spicier. It came back tasting EXACTLY the same way. This not only happened once but it had the be sent back THREE TIMES. Each time it came back exactly the same way. STRAIGHT BUTTER. i then spoke to the manager who "attempted" to make it spicy to where it would "melt my face off". It came back EXACTLY the same way but this time it was cold. 
Moral of the story is the reviews on this app are false or the cook was not good tonight 1/30/21.... That was just the review on the food. Service here was terrible, the server was not attentive and when we first got here mid way thru our order she cut us off and left our table to tend to another table without warning. 
BARTENDER WAS GREAT THOUGH!!!I came to New Orleans lookin' for some good seafood and I honestly cannot complain about this place. We were seated right away, our waitress explained how the ordering worked (seafood is by the pound.) 
We ordered some crab dip (delish!) and I wanted to try the crawfish etouffee soup (also delish!) I went for the Shrimp with all three of the seasonings (I keep forgetting what it was called but it's Cajun, Caribbean, and Garlic Butter....so good! I licked my fingers, no joke, and even dipped my bread in the sauce) 
My mom got the Garlic Shrimp and didn't realize it came with the heads and she had to pull them off, which she isn't really good at because she doesn't have a whole lot of strength in her left hand. So she traded dishes with my friend and we all picked off of it. 
My only gripe, well more of a suggestion is that they get some shades for the windows. It is a prime spot to catch a beautiful sunset but it was annoying to have the setting sun in my eyes a majority of the time while I ate. 
Kudos to the blacklight mural. It was awesome once the sun went down. :)Eff yes.
On our wedding day we went in formal clothes straight from our wedding ceremony, got a boil,  made a mess, drank margaritas.  Hit happy hour. They hit on everything and nailed it! Wish we lived here!Fantastic shrimp and crawfish boil!  Very spicy and delicious!  Will definitely visit againThis place was horrible. I don't mean to sound negative, but I love an establishment with excellent customer service as well as food. My food was cold and missing a few items that were described to be inside of it as stated on the menu. The drinks weren't pleasing as well.I ordered the Cajun classic bucket! The food was very good! I like that the order was just enough food for me to be full, without having to waste any left overs. I like that the combo came with more than one corn and potato. You don't get that option up north for the price that it was here. Overall it was good and I'll try it again simply because of the great price value for the quality and amount of food you get.Bad organization on wait staff and hostess if as far as seating customers and table turnover, it felt like our 45 minute wait was unnecessary, but everyone was really nice. Our waiter was awesome and very good at promoting the restaurant, I forgot his name, but he looks like John Lithgow a little. The chargrilled Dungeness crab really ruined the whole experience for us. My friend and I were both disgusted by it. See the pic, dry crab with dry cheese crumble and 3 dry pieces of bread. I asked the waiter if that was the way it's served, as dry as it looks in the pic, and he said yes it's all the rave and he suggested I dig into the body of the crab and that he would bring some butter sauce and utensils. So we took his advice and tried to work with it with the cup of butter but it did not do anything to help make the dish taste any better. The charred underbody prevents eating the legs because the char gets all over your fingers so that's a waste unless you like the taste of char with dried out crab meat. I should've returned it to the waiter and spent my $17 on something else. The boiled shrimp and corn was good, nothing to go out of your way for or wait 45 minutes to be seated for. We also had an order of fries that was supposed to be Cajun fries that were rather plain no kick or Cajun seasoning taste, but they got the job done.Gumbo was good flavor was amazing just not enough seafood in it! The sound was spicy but not hot enough. Had a Moscow Mule and could hardly taste any ginger beer in it! I ordered the shack and my food came out absolutely COLD!Best seafood boil in New Orleans, hands down. Super great option if you want some real deal crawfish. Definitely order the "taste of New Orleans" seafood bucket if you're visiting and want a full Cajun experience. Awesome staff as well, super polite! Felix was my waiter and he was so funny and friendly! 10/10 recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans to experience real Louisiana foods!Taste of New OrleansIt was great food, great atmosphere but my waitress literally sniffed our sauces when we asked her which sauce was which. Her nose was literally a half inch from our food and my mom was completely disgusted by that.Food was great! Seasoned very well, there were a couple over cooked shrimp but overall really tasty. Our waiter was super cool and attentive. I'll definitely go back the next time I'm in NO!I heard a lot of good things about this place but my experience here was not soo good me and my friends waited about 45 minutes before we got our food and it was not good the kitchen and our waiter was the worst...A must visit when you are in New Orleans.
We were promptly greeted and seated when we walked into the very busy restaurant.
Everyone we passed on the way to our table had delicious looking meals.
Diona was pleasantly patient with us as we studied the menu, even though she was busy. 
We ordered 'The House' which had a variety of shellfish, corn, sausage and potatoes. Great choice!
And dont ask for any utensils!
Just drink your beer and dig in with your hands and shell crackers!
Thnx for the great service Diona!We waited a little long for service, but it was worth it! I got a pound of crawfish and French bread. So good!! If you like heat, go for the hottest. The medium was not hot at all. Drinks were delicious too!New to New Orleans and had tried seafood at several places and was disappointed every time until coming to BOIL. A lot of places lacked flavor, but the seafood here is covered in delicious sauce that you can customize to your liking. It's lick your fingers delicious! The mixed drinks are also really good and made with fresh ingredients.Awful awful service sat at the bar the bartender said he will be right with me fifteen minutes later now asking if I wanted a drink waited another five minutes and then took my order. Too make things worse I ordered the boil expecting that it came with the sausage potatoes and corn well I was wrong all I received was just the crawfish.Anyways I finished my meal of just the crawfish and waited another ten minutes until he stopped expoing all the other servers food he then came back to give me the check. Worse service I've ever had there was also no attempt to tell me the specials as well. Will not be returning!Will come back time and again!  
Showed up unannounced with a group of 16 including 4 kids under 12.  Ordered "The Feast" as well as Bang Bang Shrimp, Fried Shrimp, Raw Oysters and a slew of sides.  Not a single complaint from anyone at our table.  The seafood was fantastic. Service was spot on. Very accommodating to our group and service time was great.The wait wasn't long but once we were seated nobody  greeted us. I had to ask the other server to see where our server was. We waited about 20 mins before our waitress made it to us. Then we try and place our order for happy hour. She said we missed it at 5. When we was there for 4:40! Like I guess she wanted to wait til happy hour was over to greet us. But I said well we need to speak to the manager cause it's not our fault nobody served us once we were seated! Customer service needs to be better! Food was good tho. But $29 for 2 small snow crabs with no sides?! lol at least a potato and corn could of came w that.We didn't know what to expect because the atmosphere was casual but I must say that we truly enjoyed every aspect for our visit. The food was amazing and I would definitely be back.Crabs were over cooked with no flavor.  The crabs did not snap to crack.  They were like rubber.We have been excited about this new Boil house opening close to our house and were eager to try and recommend.  The name and menu suggests "New Orleans" seafood but it is not.  Everything is Vietnamese inspired and somewhat  pricy.  For example, crawfish was $10 a pound and the etoufee had sticky rice.   Everything tasted good but not what we expected.This place have some of the best charbroil oysters in town ..Their raw oysters with their house cocktail sauce with horseradish give it that kick is to die for!! Damn it's good..It was my first time doing a boil, and the experience was phenomenal. The seafood was fresh, juicy, and sweet. I was able to order my own flavors which was a nice touch--i got the traditional flavor which was delightful but I wish it was a little spicier. The waitress was SUPER friendly, and taught us how to eat a crawfish and also suggested a music venue for us to check out in New Orleans. The calamari was crispy, but had a lot of breading and not as much meat. I would say to try another appetizerA true NOLA boil experience that we were looking for!! I mean, just look at the picture and decide for yourselves. The seasonings are awesome.First off if you don't get anything else of this review MAKE A RESERVATION!!!! We rolled in just over an hour ahead of closing and lucked up and got 2 second floor bar seats, as they had already quit taking wait list guests.  Cajun Classic did not disappoint overall especially with 1# of Dungeness Crab added. I know of at least three people mine included that the shrimp needed a few more minutes in the pot. It wasn't raw by any means but it just wasn't quite where it was ready to peel easily. That's the only "negative" of the whole experience great atmosphere, great food, great service. I'll be back!