We went here for their New Years Eve dinner. They kept trying to change our reservations on us which was odd. They tried to move our 9 pm reservations up to 5 pm on the day of. Which was not possible. Then they finally agreed to a 7:30 pm time. We had made these reservations weeks before and had planned our travel arrangements around it. Not the best start. We rushed to get ready and get there. 
The menu was limited. I had the redfish bon ton which was rather bland even with what looked like a nice crust of seasoning. Another person at the table had the oysters alvin and said she felt like she could get the same thing for much less and with more flavor anywhere else. I tried the gumbo for an appetizer, again rather bland and lots of crab/shrimp shells. By dessert there were 3 options: bread pudding, butter pecan ice cream, or bread pudding with the butter pecan ice cream. Most of our party opted for the third option and all we could say was that it was good but that the whiskey was really overpowering. Taking a bite was like taking a shot. We enjoyed mediocre coffee and left with a nearly $700 check for 6 people with $80 a plate and 2 bottles of wine--we figured that wasn't too bad. But we did feel that we overpaid for rather bland food and a just ok atmosphere. We were rather packed in and it was hard to get out from the table and to the restroom. Lots of climbing and squeezing between chairs. 
The reviews that say go to mothers down the street are right. We did that on the last day of our trip and were not disappointed. Far more flavorful for a good bit less money.I love this place.  The service was great, and the bartender entertained us while we waited for the rest of our party to show up.  She explained all about the history of food and drink in New Orleans and made me the best sazerac I've had.  The food was excellent, the service was perfect, and it was a great start to my first trip to New Orleans.  I'm surprised to see there aren't more positive reviews here.  The only thing I can think is that it's maybe because the word "Cafe" in the title may be a bit misleading.  My guess is that a lot of people are expecting a more casual, cafe atmosphere so they are surprised by what they find and not in the mood for what they get?  It's a great place for authentic New Orleans cuisine.  No, you're not going to find a cheap, quick meal here, but that's what Krystal Burger and Lucky Dog stands are for! :)We went here for a business dinner while working our here in NOLA. The food was very good, the service great - just right and attentive. I had the redfish with crab in a lemon butter sauce, a side of cauliflower, and brussell sprouts. We had a shared appetizer of the fried catfish, grilled shrimp, and fried shrimp. Yum - not greasy, friend to perfection. The fish was so fresh, and the crab light just as it should be. The butter pecan ice cream was very good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the bread pudding. I like mine more "chunky" and this is more, um, solid, like southern dressing instead of stuffing. It was good, I just prefer the other style.Best jambalaya I have ever had.  Service was exceptional! Don't miss going to this place!I came here on a friends recommendation and was told this was the place for crab meat. Sadly they had no crab! It had been overcrabbed in Louisiana. The jambalaya was very good. And the drum with shrimp was nice, though likely better with crab meat on top. They made me a side of the creamed cauliflower even though it was only a dinner item. Enjoyed it. Would like to come back some time when there's crabmeat! Clearly a power lunch type spot. Went for a late lunch and was able to get a table quickly enough. The staff was friendly.Nice place, little expensive for the size of the portions. The place has a really nice ambiance or atmosphere lol we had the crawfish platter, lots of crawfish was really good. Wanted to the crab at gratin but red too many reviews that it was delicious but not worth the almost 40$ price tag for the size. 
We had the bread pudding and the pudding was delicious and really good but the whisky size I have to say was extremely strong and hard to taste.Excellent!  The food, service and ambiance is amazing. The Crawfish Etouffee is outstanding, and the bread pudding is excellent.My last meal in this New Orleans trip and it was phenomenal.  I am a big Turtle soup fan, and this one did not disappoint.  The sherry is on the table.  The salad dressing was a Cajun mustard vinaigrette - perhaps the finest tasting dressing I have experienced.  Main course was a fine crawfish etouffee.This establishment has been around for ages, and definitely has a very home-y decor. The seating arrangement / table is a tad small, but the food is the real deal. My family visited and ordered the crabmeat au gratin (oh-grah-tan) which was good and cheesy. The crawfish etouffee was authentic and made to perfection, and finally the pan broiled shrimp (which was had by my mom, a seafood fanatic) was described as amazing.The most authentic cajun New Orleans cuisine in the city. I love everything from the atmosphere to the food. We were greats by friendly staff and my steak was amazing. I had been looking for a restraint that felt like New Orleans and this was it!One of my clients hails from the New Orleans area and this was one of the places that she recommended we visit.  I was a little shocked to discover that their hours are very limited...  just lunch and dinner time Monday-Friday...  not open on the weekend!  You must have some game if you can limit your hours like that!
We stopped in on a Monday for lunch and were seated immediately.  Very homey atmosphere, it seems like you're eating dinner in someone's house with the checkered tablecloths and other décor.  The place was pretty busy, seems like there were a lot of business lunches going on.  Our server, Joy, was absolutely a joy!  In the spirit of the homey atmosphere, she was so friendly, helping us order and giving us suggestions, taking care of us like she was our aunt.  Wanting to try something new, we started off with turtle soup, which was very flavorful, but a little salty.  Tomato based with a little citrus, garlic, and onion, I think.  The meat was diced up into small bits.
Joy suggested we get their house mustard vinaigrette dressing on our salad, which was unique.  I ordered crawfish jambalaya and my wife ordered the crawfish etouffee and Joy brought us a side of onion rings and a side of greens with our meal.  Both dishes had a very generous helping of crawfish.  They definitely didn't skimp on the meat and boy was it tasty!  Both the jambalaya and etouffee were very similar in taste, the only noticeable difference once we mixed all the rice together was that the etouffee was a little more buttery and rich.  Both weren't spicy at all and were very tasty.  We had a great time here and would definitely recommend it!Bon Ton is a stalwart among restaurants doing a New Orleans type thing.  You get what you expect to get, at reasonable prices that will fill you up and leave you with leftovers more often than not.  i've never had a bad meal here, and I've found it to be a decent place for business discussions.So let's talk about the crabmeat au gratin.  Seriously, I love it's artery clogging deliciousness. My favorite version used to be a long closed restaurant on the lakefront. Not any more, this is now the platonic version by which all other versions shall be judged.  Y'know brother 4 warned me how good this place was (he gets to fancypants lunch on a work tab sometimes) and he was so right.  Don't tell him I said that, OK?
The decor is basic and the service is old school New Orleans, courteous, knowledgeable without putting on fancy airs.
I know I ate lots of other foods here which were all tasty, but honestly, when you find the platonic version of crabmeat au gratin in kind of eclipses all else.
And, oh, look, it's my 800th review.We were told by a local to come here. So glad we did. It's a new favorite! Not only is the food excellent the service is impeccable. Must Try!Crayfish Étouffée. Need I say more? And a good bottle of wine. 
I am from Rhode Island waaaaay up North but would rather eat in the South any day. I visited NOLA for the French quarter festival in 2012 and I am dying to get back there. Actually, my profile picture here on Yelp is me standing in Jackson Square in the warm breeze drinking my Hurricane :) 
I need to get back there not only for the sun shining all day and the big brass music on every corner, oh the music. But for the food, the absolutely beautiful appreciation for some damn good food. If people tried that hard up here, well no one would need to move south. 
I had the nicest waitress who wanted to hang out and drink with me later that night! She was the bomb dot com. She gave me some good tips on the best prices for drinks and food and ideas where I could stay next time I visited. Also, she was helpful with the menu and just made me laugh and feel so at home even though I was hundreds of miles from my real home. Cant wait to visit NOLA again and I will definitely be stopping by the Bon Ton Café asap.  
....holding my breath....I absolutely loved this place!  Went with some friends of mine last week, and will be returning this week on my own. The bread pudding with pecan ice cream is now my favorite dish!  Oh, and loved the service. They were friendly and helpful!Gumbo soup is very delicately good. Well balanced.  
Crawfish Jambalaya is too salty. 
Over all, the chef tried to achieve good taste. Alas, the entree is too salty.
So unfortunate.The main dishes here are fine - good examples of very traditional New Orleans cooking.  Redfish with crab and butter.  Crawfish etouffee; fried crawfish, etc.  But these dishes are besides the point. 
That's because the bread pudding here is possibly the best non-French dessert I've had in a decade.  I suppose on one hand if you pour cream onto bread, and then add whiskey sauce, it's almost always going to taste good.  But Bon Ton's is a cut above any bread pudding I've ever had.  Impossibly rich, to be sure, but delicious.  The sauce is monstrous - the whiskey is barely tamed, but you don't want it to be.
So come here; order something light for lunch, and don't share dessert. 
PS: They have chicory coffee, obviously. Get that with the pudding.The concierge at the JW Marriott suggested Bon Ton Cafe for a local establishment and who has the best crawfish etouffee. We didn't need a reservation thankfully despite the limited seating options. The staff was beyond professional and the youngest employee had ten years at the establishment. We were told the ink was still wet on their application for review until they had a minimum of 15 years. I believe that's a sign of a good company with such loyal and dedicated employees. Pat was our waitress and was full of knowledge and quite the saleswoman. We split a house salad which was fresh and crisp and we chose their homemade blue cheese dressing. For the entrees we had the crawfish etouffee which was served with a lemon butter rice and not the typical brown gravy. I was delighted with the presentation and lightness of the dish. You could taste the sweetness of the crawfish and the portion was impressive. We also had the redfish with crab imperial on top. It was absolutely heaven. The fish was light, seasoned perfectly and the crab imperial was flavorful and filling. We chose the buttered potato and Brussel sprouts for the sides. They were ignored because we didn't want to fill any stomach space that would eliminate us from eating the delicious  entrees. We ordered the house sour cocktail which has a secret recipe for generations. It sneaks up on you since it has three liquors that you can't taste. It was light and refreshing to enjoy with the humid NOLO's weather. The interesting fact is the Cafe sells the liquor by the quart and gallon. For dessert we finished with the bread pudding with caramel sauce and ice cream. It was smooth, Sweet and perfectly balanced. It was absolutely heaven. This restaurant was such a treat and I will definitely return to this property because the menu had so many choices. I would highly suggest this restaurant but if your not the type to open your wallet for delicious food then avoid it. The prices are not IHOP or McDonalds. You get what you pay for and it was worth it!Short and sweet... This place was awesome! Great food and service without being touristy. I would definitely come again.Hands down best crawfish etouffee I've ever had! Delicious! My friend ordered the crawfish jumbalaya and loved it. Love the old school charm. I recommend the Diane salad to start - comes with crabmeat and shrimp with an excellent creole mustard dressing. This was our first dinner in town for this trip and it was a perfect choice! YUM!Ordered the ribeye steak with their mushroom sauce and my girlfriend got the crawfish étouffée. Both were awesome and the ambience of the historic building made for a nice evening. Service was slow at times but overall a good experience.Old school NOLA like I love. We met the son of the original proprietor who now hovers and worries that all is perfect just as I imagine his father and mother did. Definitely a classy place. Can accommodate all attire from casual to white glove tux. It feels a lot like Antione's as it takes you back into the 1920's. The etouffee was some of the best ever. Every dish was exquisite. Try this place!Loved this place so much we ate twice on our stay here in NOLA! And what made our experience even better was our server Matt who on our first visit showed such pleasantries and when we came back 4 days later he remembered us and we got the same warm feeling of "welcome!" The ambiance is delightful as well as their food. You normally start out with a house salad which they recommend their house dressing. Both times I had the broiled shrimp which was delicious! My husband the first time had the crawfish bisque &shrimp & crab okra gumbo. The 2nd time he tried the shrimp Etouffee which tasted amazing! We both had the fried onion rings for our side and I've never had such amazingly, non-greasy, thin batter onion rings! On our 2nd visit Matt suggested their signature "secret recipe" cocktail drink "The Rum Ramsey." Let me say that it is well worth the try, almost tasted like a sour whiskey but better! And to top off our delicious meals of course we always had to finish with their famous bread pudding with whiskey sauce! So delicious you'll want to lick the plate! Definitely one of the more memorable dining experiences on our visit! Especially having Matt and other staff (didn't remember names) that were just as pleasant and hospitable! Thanks for a great experience!The ambiance in this restaurant is what I noticed first. Gorgeous exposed brick and cute chairs and tables with huge chandeliers! I ate so much too! We had the fried crawfish for an appetizer. Then the red fish Bon Ton - their special dish. That was the best entree I had in NOLA. Then we shared the bread pudding with pecan ice cream! Wow! The pecan ice cream was the best I've ever had! So glad I came here before leaving NOLA!Old school New Orleans! Red checkered table cloths. Wait staff looks like they are from the 1950's. Debbie, the owner, was there and keeping a watchful eye on everything. She was nice and helpfully. 
The crab grautin is off the hook. I'm not sure you can get more butter and cheese in a dish. Turtle soup was second only to Brennan's. Great steak, seafood and crawfish dishes. It's all great. 
Smiley face.The perfect prelude to a night out on the town.  I have been wanting to try the Bread Pudding with Whiskey Sauce for a while now and unfortunately, I was not heading out but the mix of deliciousness with an aroma of a superb cocktail has to be the perfect desert prior to a night out with friends.The gumbo tastes amazing. I had the eggplant and shrimp etouffee, and my boyfriend had the crawfish one. Both had a bit too much salt. Service is ok. Overall, it was a good experience.Made a reservation and was seated right away, but then waited while a server passed our table five or six times,  saying "I'll be right with you." Half an hour later.... cold bread.  $20 for bland and tasteless etouffee. $20 four fried catfish about as good as Cracker Barrel,  and soggy,  greasy onion rings.  Huge waste of time and money.Had the crayfish etufee, rum Ricky, and bread pudding.  All great. Oysters and catfish rid bits appetizer.  Food was wonderful. Staff excellent and very attentive.This restaurant made me feel as though I was eating in kitchen of an old New Orleans cook. Everything tasted the way I imagined the traditional food should tasted. And the staff was so welcoming you really feel at je in this lovely restaurant.This place is excellent! I had seen it featured in a food special on the Travel Channel and knew it was a must-try. I ordered the crawfish étouffée, which  was featured in the special, and it did not disappoint! (Side note: the crawfish étouffée at Channing Tatum's restaurant, Saints and Sinners, DID disappoint.) My fiancé, who was hesitant to order steak at a Cajun restaurant, was extremely impressed with his filet. The service was also exceptional - our waitress, Renee, made our experience there that much more enjoyable. She even invited us to have breakfast with her and some friends the next morning! If you're in New Orleans, go to Bon Ton Cafe. You won't regret it.After getting a recommendation from our concierge, we decided to try Bon Ton. The ambiance was wonderful, and the service was good. The staff here are what I call "lifers", and are experienced and hospitable. We arrived at 1;20, and I was a bit worried that the place closed at 2:00. However, that didn't seem to be a problem.
I ordered the crawfish etouffe, and my wife went with the red fish. We both got the steamed rosemary potatoes as a side dish. The side salad with mustard vinaigrette dressing was outstanding. My etouffe was a bit on the bland side. I was expecting a bit more flavor. My wife's red fish was similarly bland. And the potatoes were rather bland. I'm going to chalk it up to an off-day, since many of the reviews here speak so highly of the crawfish etouffe. I think I'd like to come back for another go next time. They just seemed to miss the mark this time.My favorite restaurant. I love love loved the crawfish bisque and the crab meat al gratin. Service is excellent.Must come here for the quintessential new Orleans seafood dinner.  The atmosphere is relaxed, the food was amazing (crawfish etouffe and jambalaya combo), and staff was great.  I might go back there again tonight.First meal I had in nola and still the best! Seafood is amazing and the bread pudding is not to be missed. Watch out though, they pour a lot of rum over the top so plan your drinks accordingly.  Staff was attentive and personable. Love that southern hospitality!When I die, two words will be etched on my tombstone: BON TON! 
It is among my top three or four "go to" spots in the city.
This wonderful little place is both casual and elegant and reeks of New Orleans hospitality. 
Food is classically New Orleans: Excellent quality ingredients prepared in ways that are unobstructed and straightforward. Seasoned properly, each dish speaks for itself to the delight of the senses. 
Service exudes Southern Hospitality, with the dining room presided over by the watchful eye of owner Wayne Pierce and his family. I was there tonight with a large crowd of out-of-town people. We literally took over half the dining room. I was the only local in the bunch (it was a national conference of which I was a part being hosted here in the city). Yet the Bon Ton's staff was utterly unflappable, with pleasant, efficient service and all dishes prepared with loving attention. 
Bon Ton excels in their famous Rum Ramsey cocktail, fresh fish dishes, and their Bread Pudding dessert swimming in whiskey sauce. 
Go there, make friends with the owner, return often.The best Redfish ever.   So fresh and amazing. The authentic bread pudding and pecan ice cream is sinful!  We come here every time we're in town!  Family owned and wonderfulVery nice dining experience, price is $$ but very good. Friendly staff, great service!! This is authentic Cajun style cooking at it's finest. I recommend giving this place a try!!Server was very nice but the food was ojay, especially for the price. Seemed like the food should be better for what we paid. There were several pieces of crab she'll in my crab au gratin, which was annoying, and the steak was a bit dry. Wine selection was nice and ambiance was nice. They were also oit of soft shell crab. I might try it again of I go back to NOLA.This place was referred to us by the concierge at Le Pavilion, and man am I glad I listened! 
I've lived in Louisiana my entire life, visited New Orleans countless times, and I've never heard mention if this place, but that kind of makes sense after surveying the crowd upon my entrance. Its by and large older locals, and maybe a few business travelers, but its small and made me feel like I've stumbled in on a hidden gem. The place was packed with only 2 empty tables, and when the hostess asked if we had a reservation, I was a little nervous. Luckily, she was able to seat us right away and we got started with our meal. My coworker and I both started with a dirty martini which was delicious, and decided on skipping the appetizers and going straight to entrees until several soup bowls passed by. After what seemed like an entire pot of soup passed me by, I decided - to hell with this, I MUST try a soup. I went with the Turtle, because it was late in the game and I knew the Crawfish Bisque that came highly recommended, would take too long. The Turtle soup was good and full of flavor, but I immediately regretted not getting the Crawfish Bisque. Damn you buyers' remorse brought on by plate envy procrastination! Anyway, by the time I slurped up my soup it was entree time so thankfully, I didn't have much time to self-loathe on my past choices. My entree was beautiful - broiled fish topped with 3 broiled oysters and a side of cheesy cauliflower. My coworker's crab au gratin also looked delightful with its boiling cheesy goodness, and she said it tasted good as it looked. My fish/oyster combo was blackened and light, and complemented the heavier cauliflower well. Part of me wishes the fish had some sort of butter sauce, even though the fresh flavor of the fish stood out without it - ah well, maybe that's just the Paula Deen in me. 
For a small place tucked away on Poydras that doesn't have a hotel attached or chef named John Besh, the food was very good. The options on the menu were not all that unique, but for high-end tourists and sophisticated locals looking for solid New Orleans/Creole fare in an old-school atmosphere, Bon Ton Cafe is a great option. I'll be back and I'll be having the biggest bowl they have of the Crawfish Bisque - I wouldn't dare miss out on that again.This is an old -fashioned Southern-style restaurant; nothing to write home about, but I can tell you, the who's who of NO (politicos, etc.) still eat there!  The food was uninspiring, and after eating in some of the newer, more innovative places, I was really unimpressed.
The room could use some fresh paint and new table ware. Our waitress, however, was an old pro, and very attentive and she's the reason for the second star!i'm surprised there are not better and more remarks on this place.
it was very very vey good. must start with the combo fried crawfish and catfish with the remoulade dipping sauce. VG. also, get the crawfish etouffe, what bon ton is known for. i got the shrimp which was also AMAZING. ask the waiter/waitress if you are undecided.
some people were dressed casual and some were dressy but the environment is casual, not stuffy at all but great food at somewhat stuffy prices.Cute little place just outside the main French Quarter area.  I went for lunch and really enjoyed the crawfish dinner platter (Etouffee, Jambalaya, Laurie, Omelette).  I have not had much crawfish in my life, but I think this was a good way to try the different variations of them.  I really enjoyed all of them, but the Jambalaya was my favorite.
The place is a little pricey, but the portions are very generous and the service is super friendly.We went to Bon Ton Cafe for Dad's birthday dinner this evening. It was a great pick on Mom's part, as we had not been there in ages, and Dad was a lunchtime regular at the joint before he retired from his job in the CBD 25 years ago. Dad got to visit a little bit with the owner, Wayne Pierce, and he reminisced about the good old days of the 1970s oil boom and expense account lunches.
There are a couple of dishes I love there. Debbie's salad is boiled shrimp, lump crabmeat and asparagus over lettuce. With their house Creole mustard dressing. it's perfect; it's very similar to the Godchaux salad at Galatoire's. I also usually get the crawfish bisque, which is increasingly hard to find at New Orleans restaurants. I skipped the salad tonight for the bisque but it was a mistake. It's not really crawfish season, and the bisque, probably made with frozen, or heaven forbid, imported crawfish, was good, but not, as they say, slap-yo-mamma good.
Bon Ton is famous in New Orleans for being the first Cajun restaurant in the city. The owners came from Terrebonne Parish and opened it in the early 1950s. The same family owns it still. You see the same dishes listed on the menu here as in most other NOLA establishments, but please don't ask me what makes Cajun and Creole different cuisines. Okay, I'll give you a hint: you start from the premise that Cajun food is food prepared by Cajuns and Creole food is food prepared by Creoles. The rest is up to you to eat and find out.
I can see how some people had bad or mediocre experiences here. I've had some mediocre dishes before, but at other times, the same dish was topnotch. So, consistency can be an issue, and that's disappointing given their prices. That, and not being open on weekends, means 3 instead of 4 stars.
Tonight was my first try of the crabmeat au gratin. It was swell. Mom's softshell crab was perfectly cooked; Dad's broiled drum topped with broiled oysters was tasty, and the bread pudding was as good as always. They'll even give you the recipe for it.Bon Mots for Bon Ton
Bon Ton Cafe is one of those places that has been around forever, always doing a good job.  Places like this seem to run on the maxim "if it ain't broke, don't fix it".  There's really nothing to fix here.  At the same time, Bon Mot isn't going to set the culinary world on fire.
We had made a reservation for 7:30pm and the place was crowded when we arrived.  Fortunately, our table was ready.  It is loud inside--very loud.  It was impossible to have any kind of a civil conversation.
Servers were friendly but rather perfunctory and more of a diner variety rather than the professional kind that the prices should demand.
Food was all very good.  Nothing was spectacular.  We had the Redfish Bon Ton, the grilled oysters and the crayfish dinner (4 preparations).  All were respectable.
We looked forward their famous bread pudding dessert.  It was good, but (again) not great.  It looked like it had been hole-punched out of a big pan and suffered from not enough crispy and chewy edges that gives bread pudding some needed texture.
I'm glad I went and i can strike off my list.  In a place like New Orleans with some great eating, this was fine but not a place I would rush back to.What you would expect if you were looking for a traditional creole/Cajun dinner.   Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Can't wait to come back!!Not a fan...I'm not sure if maybe I just ordered the wrong thing but I didn't like it at all.  I didn't care for the service or the ambiance (or lack of) of this place either.  It was rather noisy and the choice of decor turned me off.  The place also stunk (almost like Bourbon Street).  Maybe I just went on a really bad day but I wasn't impressed at all.We just had dinner this evening. The owners were great. Matt our server was outstanding. The food was above outstanding. The team work of the servers was top notch. The environment of the cafe was great!  We recommend the bread pudding with whiskey sauce which was also flavorful. In short we believe if you go there you will not be sorry. We were looking forward to a real New Orleans dinner and this cafe provided accomplished our wish. I have provided pic of the food and the son and daughter of the owners who were working this eveningI went with 2 friends.  We each had a Crab dish.  Mine was the Soft Shell Crab and it was amazing.  The soft shell crab was cooked to perfection and was covered with a mound of lump crab meat that was lightly seasoned - I could taste the richness of the seasonings.   
One of my friends had the Crab Au Gratin - it was delicious.  It was very rich and creamy.  Very yummy!  My other friend had the Crab Imperial.  It had piles of lump crab meat lightly seasoned.
If you want to be able to taste your food and enjoy generous portions of crab - I highly recommend these dishes.
The Bon Ton is certainly one of the best kept secrets in New Orleans.Solid but with the price you are paying, there are better places. Food was bland, which is crazy because this is a Cajun restaurant. I had crawfish etouffee, just really bland. Very little sauce at all. My friend had the gumbo which was much better. Service was fine, we only had one drink and didn't have desert which was looked upon poorly by the staff. 
Just ok. Wish I had gone to chophouse across the street.The place looks and feels pretty awesome. The food though is not as that great. I picked this place based on the Yelp reviews and given the $$ of the items, you would expect it to be good. The food was presented well, but was quite bland.Our waiter referred to the Bon Ton Cafe's offerings as Country Cajun. That probably means different things to different people. But the first thing I noticed was plenty of tempting selection that wasn't deep fried. 
I ordered  Bayou Jambalaya for an appetizer and Eggplant, Shrimp And Crabmeat Etouffee for the main course and both were drop dead delicious. That went well with their signature rum drink (that tasted like a whiskey sour) for starters and a shared bottle of Kendall-Jackson Red with the meal. Service was white table cloth and white jacket folksy, yet elegant. The rest of the room was also bustling and happy, as our group had a wonderful time enjoying the cuisine and each other's company.As highly recommend as this place was, it exceeded my expectations   With a very friendly and absolutely professional staff even be a party of one was not a problem
The fish blackened and cooked perfectly was topped with a sauce containing crayfish tails was excellent
Of course one should not leave without having one of, if not the best bread puddings (with whiskey sauce) I have ever had
Laissez Bon Temp RouleLegendary Crab Imperial, the Jambalaya is awesome, Turtle Soup is beautiful... a must stop while in Nawlins. Outstanding Rum Ramsey. Staff is impeccable.Great service! Good drink! Meal was bland! Had to send the veg back for reheating. Desert was fabulous.We have always loved the bon ton! The restaurant has been in business for over 100 years and Wayne and his family have owned the restaurant  for over 60 years. They have always made sure our meal and service is excellent. 
My husband and I stopped in for lunch on a Tuesday and we had an delicious meal.  We started with bloody Mary's (a must) and the fried catfish bites. My husband had never been to the bon ton and he was blown away with his fish entree (broiled black drum topped with grilled shrimp). I had the Debbie's salad topped with lump crabmeat, veggies and a creole mustard vinaigrette. The grand finale was the delicious bread pudding with a butter-whiskey sauce. Typically, I'm not one for desserts with liquor but this definitely adds a kick, yet not too harsh! 
the bon ton is old New Orleans favorite...Put it high on your list!I was very disappointed.   Had to flag down the host to get a server.  Rice had no flavor (boil on the bag?).  Entrees were uninspired.  Bread was dry cheap baguette.   I was by far the youngest person in the room, staff included.  And I Am 47.  Side dish broccoli and carrots were boiled into mush.  At $20 per entrée I expect more.My first visit to New Orleans. I wanted to have some authentic and delicious crawfish etouffee. This was the place. I loved the ambience of this restaurant. Enjoyed a glass of French white wine with my lunch.Pipper was an amazing host! Her suggestions on menu were amazing! Sit back, have a Rum Ramsey, and don't be in a hurry. We loved every minute of the atmosphere and the food did not disappoint! Oysters Alvin and Black Drum were AMAZING. Bread pudding with whiskey sauced topped it off. We will be back.Bon Ton Cafe reminded me of going to the Elks club with my grandma and grandpa back in the day. The decor will throw you off. It doesn't have fancy interior. They serve crackers and relish trays.Very reminiscent of going out to eat as a child.
I don't usually freak out over food like this. I can't explain how great this dish was. It was rich, decadent, cheesy, sweet, savory, just seriously beyond words. I suggest anyone that goes to New Orleans to try this dish. It is very rich so be prepared, but worth every moment of culinary bliss! Keep in mind, they are only open Monday - Friday.
Gabe tried the Crawfish Etouffee and loved it. I tried it but my mind was blocked by the greatness of the crabmeant Au Gratin.I love crawfish, and I couldn't wait to get some in New Orleans.  Our concierge steered us to the Bon Ton, because they supposedly have awesome crawfish etoufee.  We were not disappointed!  I had the etoufee, and my husband had fried crawfish with a yummy pink aoli.  Both dishes were incredible.  Service was excellent and the atmosphere is very cozy and homey.  I suggest you get reservations, as the restaurant is quite small, and it may be hard for you to get seated otherwise.  This place is pricey, but we felt the value was well worth it.Great spot. Our first food experience in NOLA and it was terrific. I had fried catfish and crawfish etouffee and my wife had the turtle soup and grilled shrimp. Great food and fabulous service.Great little restaurant.  Food was great, lots of crab meat.  Service was a little slow but worth the wait.Came just for the bread pudding after reading reviews and guides. Last minute we decided to get it a la mode with pecan praline ice cream on top.
It was super. And the big bowl of crackers was fantastic too!Restaurant was highly recommended by friends! Did not enjoy the soup, crawfish bisque, but suspect this is an acquired taste. Debbie's salad was okay, but did not enjoy the salad dressing. Main entree of fried oysters was excellent, and sides of parsley potatoes with sautéed Brussels sprouts was average. Our dessert of bread pudding was excellent and our waitress was lovely. Owner stopped by with my encouragement, and shared the history of the restaurant.Great turtle soup and fried catfish. Both came out hot and were delicious. Service was excellent. Highly recommended.Was recommended by several staff of the hotel I was staying at and they hit the bullseye. My girlfriend and I came here for dinner. Very cozy family style joint. We absolutely loved the jambalaya. Very fresh and decadent. Service is prompt and personal. We had shrimp and crayfish etouffe for entrees. both very good but we would be back specifically for the jambalaya. Great for any occasion!Went there tonight with a reservation and got our table within 10m. Enough time to get started with hurricanes. After that I also got their secret recipe rum cocktail and it was quite good. While the bar is small, the cocktails were done properly and not with pre-mixed sirups and the rum tasted of a decent quality.
For the appetizers we ordered the turtle soup and the crawfish bisque. The soup comes with a little flask of cherry so you can 'sweeten' it to your leisure. Both were very flavorful with a good balance of spices.
We followed with the veal chop and the crawfish dinner. The veal was generous and cooked exactly as ordered (medium well), oooh so tender... Yum. The crawfish dinner was a sampler of 4 plates. The crawfish tails were small like shrimps, few were longer tha. 1 inch but I assume that's from the season (dec 30) but they were plenty and generous quantity and still tasty (not fishy at all). One of the samples was just a bit on the salty side but the other 3 were just right. One touch I noticed was that they spruced *fresh* chopped parsley (most French quarter places we want to sprinkle dried parsley, and that tells me a lot).
After all that we were quite full and managed split a bread pudding. I grew up in a French town were every bakery sells bread pudding, and this was just as good. I was afraid that the whiskey in place of rum would not work as well but it was server with cream to mellow it and it worked perfectly.
Overall service was in par with the price. Portions were on the generous side for a restaurant with this quality. My only regret is that we could not make a reservation for New Year's Eve.Excellent food and service!! Great menu!! I highly recommend the griilled fish with grilled shrimp. The Rum Ramsey is their house drink and it is awesome.
We will definitely go back!!This is possibly one of the worst meals I have had along with the worst service. We waited forever to have our order taken and waited and waited for our food to come. It arrived cold with no apology. A horrible cut of meat, 10 broiled shrimp and a child's shrimp etoufee was 85.00. Horrible.I've been coming to Bon Ton for years and years. My dad (a New Orleans native, like me) would take me here as a kid to be fussed over by the waitresses, and would bring clients here way back when he worked for Gulf States. So there's definitely a level of nostalgia here that creates a bias that's hard to get around. But I still really enjoy the meals here. They've been open a very long time and, most importantly, they stayed open through the post-Katrina slump.
For one, this is not a showy, Bubba Gump or Emeril's kind of place. It's an old style New Orleans restaurant, where there are checkered tablecloths, but you're still expected to put on real shoes and long pants. This sort of attitude and atmosphere, plus the fact that they're only open on weekends for private events, keeps the tourists out for the most part (although not all, as I see looking at the past reviews) and keeps this place pure.
You will not get a cheap dinner here. You're going to be spending $20 or so per person. But that's about the same as most of the places in the Quarter, but for better food, and is A LOT cheaper than Commander's Palace or Galatorie's, where the food is comparable if not better, and you'll have to dress up even nicer. For drinks, I would honestly go elsewhere unless you're okay with a bottle of beer. Louisiana is not known for its wine, so why would you try to pair wine with its food?
As far as the menu items go, this is strictly creole fare, which is what I grew up with: jambalaya, gumbo, etoufee, etc. They do it very well. When the season isn't right, you will not get good crawfish, but this is the case everywhere unless they're shipping it in from Asia. So be aware of it and order accordingly.
Why I really gush about this place though is the bread pudding. This is the pinnacle of bread pudding: how it should be, at all times, no excuses. No fruit in the middle, no whipped cream on top, no chocolate sauce. I've had some horrible abominations and generally do not order it if I don't trust it. The cool thing is that they actually have recipe cards that they give out for it. My wife actually very successfully reproduced a few weeks later. However, she used french bread from Rouse's, that I had picked up before we left and had gotten appropriately stale. That makes all the difference. She tried it again with a locally made bread, and it was totally different. My theory on it is that it's due to the water: New Orleans water is some of the softest in the country. But the secret to the sauce is the whiskey. Be liberal with the whiskey. But, still, nobody does it better than Bon Ton.
I come here every return trip to New Orleans and bring people here, and will continue to do so. If you're coming for dinner, then make reservations at least a day in advance.Can I just say the food is AMAZING! The customer service is AMAZING! It definitely met my seafood needs! I was in search of great jambalaya and seafood this is the place! We got there at 5 when they open, and I thought it was VERY NICE that they started the night/our meal w a group prayer! A little pricey, but you will forget that after the first bite! I just wish there were more soda options than Diet Coke, Coke, and Sprite, but that is irrelevant to the Amazing food/customer serviceMy first lunch at the Bon Ton was in November 1978.  My most recent visit was dinner in December 2014.  From there to here, this. Jewel continues to be my favorite place in NOLA.
Turtle soup, crawfish étouffée, and bread pudding is my favorite combination but there are no poor choices when Mr. Wayne is at the helm.
Don't miss the Rum Ramsey cocktail.
Enough said!We chose this restaurant based on the Yelp review. It was the most expensive meal of our 10-day trip. The food was good but not outstanding compared to other meals I had in the city. The turtle soup was a bit too salty and off-taste. Gumbo was so-so. The main dishes (shrimps & oysters) were OK. The highlight was the bread pudding! Very tasty. Considering the cost to value, I wouldn't return.An old New Orleans staple. At lunch there is a mixture of tourists and people who have been coming for years---and whom the waitstaff know by name. The crayfish jambalaya is certainly dependable, and then there is the bread pudding with whiskey sauce: for years the best custardy, whiskey accented, bread pudding in New Orleans.Bon Ton was our first New Orleans meal.  The service was very attentive, it is an appealing space, and it is very clean.
We ordered grilled fish with grilled shrimp, creamed cauliflower, turtle soup, crawfish ettouffe, and brussell sprouts, and took an order of bread pudding with whiskey sauce to go.  We also tried their signature drink, the Rum Ramsay.
Rum Ramsays are good and potent.  The turtle soup was tasty but a bit salty (perhaps my fault for adding too much sherry?).  The fish and shrimp were perfectly cooked and flavorful.  This was my first time having ettouffe, and I'm not sure what I was expecting.  I thought the rice was a bit watery, but the ettouffe was good, though not particularly flavorful.
Side dishes:  One miss, one hit.  The "creamed cauliflower" was not creamed; rather, it was cauliflower in a velveeta cheese tasting sauce with some breadcrumbs on top.  The brussel sprouts were delicious.
The bread pudding itself was fine, but the whiskey sauce was good (and potent).  
As an experience, it was a very nice place to eat.  The menu is fairly standard for New Orleans, and although I do think it was priced a bit high I would eat here again.Probably the best red fish meal I have eaten. Perfectly prepared. Tender and tasty with just the right mix of favors. I rarely give reviews and rarely do I pice such high praise but it was that good. Ambiance was was simple like a family restaurant or even a supper club but don't let that deter you.A great place for a special meal--too expensive for the everyday.
This place was recommended by the concierge at the JW Marriott as a great local place, and she was right.  This is a family run restaurant that reminds me of the best bistros in New York or San Francisco.
New Orleans and Creole food done right!  The gumbo was wonderful.  Their diverse fish and seafood menu for appetizers and entrees was great.  The bread pudding with whiskey sauce was fabulous! 
Check this place out.  Highly recommended.Went here because of the bread pudding reviews.  Arrived after eating elsewhere and asked if we could just have dessert. Staff were very gracious and seated us. The only dessert apparently is the bread pudding. It was served with butter pecan ice cream. It was not at all what we expected in a huge piece that was a bit gelatinous with mediocre flavor. It was quite disappointing.Great establishment! I'm more of a modern contemporary type of atmosphere person but I can appreciate the charm and character that places like this offer.
I had the shrimp étouffée and the whiskey bread pudding - both were very good. I recommend everyone try the bread pudding- I don't even like bread pudding but their version is amazing and the whiskey sauce will give you a nice little after dinner buzz. The customer service was exceptional- very friendly and warm. 
Honestly, the only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because of the aesthetics. *shrugs* that's just me.This place was recommended by Nathaniel our waiter from breakfast at the old coffee pot.  We got there and had the crawfish and cat fish bites. They were Excellent with a lite breading and great sauce. Then we had the oysters Oliver which was fantastic. The rice and beef bouillon sauce is great with the lightly breaded oyster. We then decided to try the  soups. The crawfish bisque was great. It has a whole stuffed crawfish in it and is a great soup. The turtle soup was excellent too. Now for the main course. The crawfish dinner was great there is crawfish in every bite. There had to be a pound of crawfish on this dinner. The other great meal was the crab au gratin and crab imperial. I recommend getting the dinner that has both together fantastic. The fish was also great super fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Last but not least the bread pudding. Not much to say but great great great! The whiskey sauce on top was phenomenal! You want to drink it all up at the end!  This was my first time in New Orleans and want to thank Nathaniel for this recommendation, truly spectacular!This place has inspired my first review; it's a real hidden gem. The service was rich with southern hospitality. The food was delicious, authentic and quick to the table. The environment had a historic feel to it. Great for lunch!Very classy place, friendly helpful staff. Had the crawfish etouffee, which many claim is best in town. I enjoyed it a lot but I'm still hunting for the ultimate in NOLA. Also ordered the pan roasted oysters which were very good too. I would certainly return.Came here for a business dinner.  Bottom line:  It was OK, but given all the incredible options one has in NOLA, I'm unlikely to return.  The house salad was not terribly fresh, although the house dressing was good.  I got the crab imperial.  A really nice size helping of all lump crabmeat.  Very good, nothing wrong, but it did not make me say "wow."  The boiled potatoes and parsley were quite bland.  List of wines by the glass quite uninspired; a grocery store selection, and my cabernet had been open for a while.  Bread pudding was outstanding; the whiskey sauce really stood out.  Might just come back for dessert.  Service was very prompt.I rarely write reviews but today I just felt compelled. I was visiting from San Francisco and read good things about this place so I came for a dinner. I agree with other reviewers that staff was friendly but the prices were too high for what have been provided. I didn't like my food at all, but the local drink with rum I ordered was good. I understand that this place was established in 1950s and it looks rustic and charming in a way but there was a building smell one could feel right upon entering the place. There was a plate with packaged crackers in the middle of each table (you know the ones you get in the airplane) and I don't know why were they there as it gives this cheap look. Overall after eating there I had stomach upset and didn't feel well to the point that I couldn't go out and enjoy my evening in the city. So for the price and quality of food I would take my wallet some place else, it was a one time deal for me. This turned out to be overhyped, touristy place when what I was looking for was authentic New Orleans food.Brought family here for dinner.  Hot, loud and tables practically on top of each other. Saw the server twice and he had quite the Attitude .  Entree's were mediocre .  But the Turtle soup and bread pudding were excellent !food is excellent.
my cuz had the crawfish -- it was delicious. i had the redfish, which was also very good. the veggies were cooked to perfection -- this is something that many other area restaurants lack the ability to do. my only complaint was the food was a little cold.
they have nice selection of wines by the glass.
the big minus is that the service was dreadfully slow.Went on concierge recommendation as part of a larger group and had an ok experience. Food was slow, which may have been due to the bigger group - but other places seem to get food out to bigger groups just fine. Prices seemed a bit high for what you get. Nice smaller restaurant feel and friendly, knowledgable service. May be better suited to smaller guest parties if you are comfortable with the prices.First dinner in New Orleans and still my favorite meal, even after trips to such notables as Commanders Palace and Jacques Imos. I had their Red Fish Alzina with a special crawfish and sauce on top. Incredible...tasty, well-seasoned, fresh. The bread pudding was fabulous...both light and satisfying with a lick-your-plate whiskey sauce. Helpful, friendly waitstaff and a delightful conversation with the manager. I highly suggest you add this less-known restaurant to your tour of top New Orleans eating establishments.New Orleans at its best. 65 year old waitress calling everyone "Dahl", crawfish etoufee that is mostly crawfish, with a little bit of rice, seasoned perfectly, not too bland, but not blowtorch hot either.On an impromptu trip to New Orleans, I decided to check out Bon Ton Cafe since it was listed for it's Crab meat Au Gratin on the Food TV show "The Best thing I ever Ate" and they weren't kidding around...that was one of the best meals of my life! Our waiter, Nathaniel, was SUPERB and even accommodated my picky kid's need for a chocolate milk. He was knowledgeable, polite, pleasant, and I really can't say enough good things about him. And the FOOD! DELICIOUS! We tried multiple appetizers, all of which were outstanding.
Kudos to Bon Ton! Go if you have the chance!It's been years since my visit to Bon Ton. In 2004 I was in New Orleans for a business trip. I luckily went to Bon Ton early in the trip to go back a second time. 
The turtle soup, etouffee, and bread pudding with whiskey sauce invade my dreams. I will admit i'm not from New Orleans, rarely get to eat etouffee, never had turtle soup before but i lived on bread pudding. I haven't been able to get that meal out of my head all these years. How many meal can you remember eating 7 years later?
I did get to use per diem to pay for my decadence but i believe it would be worth it again and again and again...Cute little historic spot around the corner from my hotel in the French Quarter.Old school red and white check tableclothes and cozy brick interior. I had the oysters Alvin as appetizer which was deep fried oysters served with mushroom rice with some sort of meaty sauce. I loved the oysters they were amazingly fresh, briny and delicious. I didnt like the rice as it had a muddly flavor that didnt pair well with the freshness of the rice. I then ordered the crawfish etouffe with parsley buttered rice. This was simple and delicious, heavy on the butter and the crawfish were so fresh. Yum ! I wish there had been more rice so I could have sopped up the last bits sauce and crawfish. My dish came with a salad (average garden salad) and I ordered a side of corn which was meh. I then ordered the bread pudding which was really really really good-what puts it over the top is the buttery whiskey sauce. Overall there was a value musmatch with thus being overpriced for what it was. It was good but I paid $43 without tip for a meal without alcohol. It was good but I think overpriced.Fantastic food and made even better with the patient advice provided by Pat, our waitress.  The cafe's signature rum beverage was excellent.  Pat suggested a redfish specialty dish.  The fish was succulent and covered with crab meat, but the sauce is what what made the dish.  Outstanding!  And do try a cup of the turtle soup with a splash of sherry.  Excellent.  I'm so happy we tried the bread pudding dessert.  The whiskey sauce was the best I've ever tasted - anywhere.  We were new to NOLA and wanted to taste the local flavor.  The Bon Ton Cafe did not disappoint.  And thank you Pat, as we had an excellent meal and truly enjoyed your conversation, patience, and excellent service.Pricy but worth the bucks! Amazing Cajun food in a truly authentic, beautiful restaurantA living institution.  Great food, and (IMHO) the best bread pudding on earth.  
I was once at a business dinner in Memphis with a colleague, with bread pudding on the menu.  
I remarked that i wouldn't order it, since there is only place that I order it, since otherwise it is a disappointment.  He agreed, saying that he also had a favorite.  I said, "Mine is in NOLA".  He said, "So is mine."  Turns out we were both talking about Bon Ton!
Enjoy!!My husband eats here often since he works here sometimes but it was my first time.  There were three of us and every dish was exceptional.   
We started with crawfish trail appetizer.  The batter was light and seasoned perfectly.   It was not too salty which you do find a lot.  
Our main courses were crab augratin, crawfish bisque, and the eggplant, crab and crawfish etoufee.  All three were fantastic.   For sides we choose creamed cauliflower (a must) and Brussels sprouts (skip that next time).  
Lastly, we split the bread pudding with whiskey and butter pecan ice cream.  Get this!  
We had a great experience!  The waiters were fantastic and the owners were checking on ALL guests. They were so sweet. 
Well done.  It is a lil pricey (25 - 35 per plate) but the food and you are worth it.Confession: I'm a control freak. I admit it (first step). I normally research meticulously before trying a new place, specially in a new city and even more if it is a food Mecca like New Orleans. But tonight a vendor invited me and other coworkers to dinner so I had no control over where to go. I ended up at Bob Ton Cafe.  At our arrival the waitress insisted I tried their signature Rum cocktail and after the initial hesitation, because remember... I did not research this place! I decided to give up control (second step) and complied. Boy was I glad! I loved their Bob Ton's original Rum Ramsey as well as the entree she recommended which was the red fish covered with crawfish and accompanied with creamed cauliflower.  Delicious meal, and generous portions which is rare. 
My only regret? Not saving room for dessert.Bon Ton, which we visited twice, was the clear winner during our recent trip to New Orleans.  I started each meal off with the turtle soup, which was a wonderfully unique flavor.  The crawfish etouffee, as mentioned by so many others, was buttery and well-spiced.  I found it well worth the price... 60-70 animals sacrificed to make that one dish!
The jambalaya is a fine alternative if you don't want so many crawfish tails.  The appetizer jambalaya has a nice mix of seafood, while the "dinner" order of shrimp or crawfish is huge.  The only miss for me was the crabmeat imperial... large chunks of local crab baked in a casserole dish with a cheesy sauce.  Although the crab was tasty and you get plenty of it, the combination of crab/cheese is a bit much after a few bites.
Although we were stuffed after our meals on both visits, we finished each meal off with the bread pudding and pecan ice cream.  The bourbon caramel sauce is ridiculously strong... but warm and delicious.  It was definitely worth sharing.
Service and staff during both visits were quite friendly.  Bon Ton was easily our favorite representative of New Orleans' cuisine!Absolutely amazing. The crab au gratin is amazing, the steak's are cooked well and finished with great sauces, and the seafood is fresh. 
If in New Orleans, this is a must eat.Okay place if you're in the area. I had the jambalaya. It left a lot to be desired. I like my jambalaya with a nice mix of sausage, chicken, shrimp - basically anything and everything. This mix just has shrimp and crawfish. And the flavor was lacking. The bread pudding was a hero. It was delicious! It was moist and the rum sauce was decadent. Go here for the bread pudding and the bread pudding alone.This place is off the beaten path, and it is amazing!!! Been around for a hundred years and I now know why! Amazing cocktail, their own secret rum drink. Not many tourist. Open Monday through  Friday only! Had a great waitress, Renee! Every thing she recommended was amazing, so please listen to her! The okra gumbo. Yes!!! The bon ton fish--yum!!! The craw fish dinner, do not let it pass you! Please go here. The bread pudding looked amazing, but we just couldn't. What a great first experience!!!What a major disappointment. Don't order anything with crab in it unless you want to spend the entire meal picking shell out of your mouth. And, yes, we did share our disappointment and were disappointed again with their response.I expected a bit better for the price. The food was good, but not exceptional. Nice atmosphere though.great little old school joint!
The house cocktail isn't my style but the wine list worked for me.  We had a waitress who wasn't the best, and did make the meal not as enjoyable as it could have been.  But the red wine and mushroom reduction on my filet was to die for, better than many steak house's i've eaten in.Had lunch here on a Friday. Ordered crab meat au gratin for the table, catfish tidbit appetizer, and shrimp remoulade salad. Food and service were both excellent. A little pricey, but very delicious.They don't take reservations during lunch, but boy am I glad we went - because although it was busy, we didn't have to wait! :)
We ordered:
- Turtle soup:  We thought it was gumbo based but weren't sure. It reminded me of chili since its what it looked like. It was good, but I wasn't thrilled with it.
- Trout (broiled): Perfectly cooked, and so good that I chowed it down in less than 10 minutes! 
- Soft shell crab (1).  The portion for 1 is generous!  It's huge so make sure your eyes aren't bigger than your stomach. It was really good!
Bon Ton is a nice hidden gem conveniently located between all the hotels in the downtown area.  Unfortunately we didn't have room in our belly's to try their bread pudding (we hear it's fantabulous here!), but if I'm in the area I'll definitely be back for dinner, and try their bread pudding then!Bon Ton is the quiet, unassuming cafe where the meals are generous, the service is very nice, and the deserts (at least the bread pudding a la mode) is to die for. 
I first visited Bon Ton Cafe is 2013 upon the recommendation of one of a colleagues who was a local. From the outside the place doesn't look like much, but I was pleasantly surprised by the warm and attentive service, the warm and friendly environment, and of course the food. Bon Ton offers great value for money for both lunch and dinner. Now five years later, the restaurant is a must on my NOLA agenda. 
During your visit, please save room for the bread pudding a la mode. The warm bread pudding is covered with a whiskey sauce and topped with a generous scoop of butter pecan ice cream. It is the best desert I've had anywhere!Best meal my husband and I had our whole trip. Turtle soup and crawfish ettuffe was so awesome we loved this place!!!!Definitely our favorite restaurant in New Orleans - which is REALLY hard to say but....  Just plain delicious. I had the Red Fish Bon Ton - well prepared with a very nice wine butter sauce. My wife what turned out to be an all-time top 5 for her - the Crab Au Gratin. I had a couple bites and it was amazing. Highly recommend!OVERPRICED TOURIST TRAP. The servers lacked attention to detail - and for the prices you'll pay, it's absolutely NOT worth it. Go to a REAL high class restaurant if you want to pay big dollars. This place seems lazy, and riding on their "history" and reputation as a "destination." 
Clearly, I am very disappointed with my experience at Bon Ton Cafe. 
My partner and I went for an early lunch on a Monday. Service was extremely slow. 
My partner ordered the Gumbo. It was bland and watery. Seriously - horrible. It seemed majorly under-seasoned. For his entree: they were out of soft-shell crab AND the speckled trout, so he got the gulf fish. This was actually OK - but VERY rich. The side salad was OK - but, um - it's salad. 
With my order - I wanted the Crab Imperial. But I was debating between the Crawfish Etouffee and the Jambalaya as well. So I asked the waitress for her recommendation and she told me, "Do 1/2 Crab Imperial and 1/2 Jambalaya!" She was so enthusiastic about this! This option wasn't on the menu and it seemed like a great way to try both. So I went with it.
Crab Imperial: $33
Jambalaya: $12
(Oh, and the Crawfish Etouffee would have been $21.50).
How did my bill total $33 for 1/2 of each of these? I feel like the waitress pushed this on me on purpose - to save a buck. 
Crab Imperial was pretty good. Jambalaya - bland and under-seasoned. Both were VERY small portions. 
Also, I eat seafood - but not meat. I made this very clear - which is why I was extremely disappointed when the veggie of the day (mustard greens) came out with bacon on it. She couldn't have mentioned this when I was ordering??
I left hungry and angry.
Horrible service. Mediocre food. High prices. 
I don't mind spending money on QUALITY food. This was NOT QUALITY.
But at least the space is intimate...Excellent food. Delicious, even!
I, adventurously (so brave!), started with the Turtle soup. It's a beef and tomato (?) base that is very rich. You have the option of adding a little Sherry to taste. Which I did. It was the right decision. It was delicious.
Crayfish Étouffée was up next. This was really really nice. Much like the Turtle soup, I've never had it, so I can't really compare it to others. I would have it again in a heartbeat.
Finally, the bread pudding. The rich rum soaked desert was over the top. I shouldn't have...but I did. I regret nothing.
The atmosphere is classic. The decor is old school. The waiters wear chophouse type white jackets. The bill is hand written. It's a great place that holds on to traditional style.
I will be back when I'm in NOLA again.Great family restaurant tucked in the quarter. Limited menu with an amazing focus on seafood done well!  Highly recommended.Fabulous!! The crawfish etouffe was probably the best I've ever had! The service couldn't have been beat. Whoever said it wasn't kid friendly was wrong. We had our 8 month old and all of the staff went out of their way to be kind to him. Bread pudding was awesome, but next time I'll opt for the caramel sauce instead of the whiskey...it was pretty overpowering!Nice people and atmosphere.  Some of the servers seem to be forgetful.  William at our table managed to deliver my meal to another at my table.  Before my neighbor realized it he had salt and peppered the dish to my chagrine.  The same waiter messed up our checks as well.  
The food was barely above room temperature and about as unique as any "New Orleans" styled restaurant in the U.S.  Yes, they have been open since 1953 and they are in New Orleans, but if you go to restaurant for food first, atmosphere second, stay away.Wonderful food selections, especially seafood and local flavors. Steak was cooked as requested and flavorful. The dining room is one large room and the noise level made talking difficult.Best food I ate while down in New Orleans. Crawfish etouffee was spectacular. Classy atmosphere. A bit pricey but you get what you pay for-- and that's phenomenal food and attentive, friendly service. The Rum Ramsey is their house specialty beverage, get one with your meal and kick off a nice buzz.This restaurant was right down the street from my hotel, the Pelham, so it was very convenient for me to walk there.  The food was good and the service was great.  If you are looking for a nice, quiet place to sit and enjoy authentic cajun food, this is a good place to do it at.We had dinner two nights ago and were quite impressed. If you can imagine a real life Mildred's this is it. It began with our waitress Pat who made us feel like we were having dinner with our sweet south Louisiana momma. I let her know about my food allergies and she was all over it with her command of the menu and knowledge of the ingredients. I highly recommend starting with the signature drink Rum Ramsey which can be described as a rum sour. A refreshing start to the meal after the heat of the day. I started with Debbie's Salad which is a composed dish of dark greens, crab, shrimp and asparagus. If you got the large it could easily be your whole meal. It was a nice complement to the rib eye that followed. Everyone coming to New Orleans should plan to have dinner here for the food and the experience.DON'T MISS THE BON TON!!!!
Of all the restaurants we enjoyed in Louisiana, none outdid the Bon Ton.
The etouffe was beyond description.  Wonderful fish.  Excellent service.
Not noisy and raucous like Emeril's.   Better food and service too.
K & L 
Portland, ORAll I can say is we wanted to eat a light dinner and eat bread pudding afterwards. And this is one place to go for some warm and delicious bread pudding. The soup here is delicious and they do make the seafood well here. For anyone who wants to eat amazing bread pudding come here.It was busy when my friend and I arrived but we were seated immediately. Unfortunately, when we where seated we were left at the table with 2 glasses of water and a bowl of butter for about 10 minutes before we got menus. I'll be honest I was extremely hungry and annoyed at the lack acknowledgment we got after being seated. It seemed they were more concerned about setting the empty tables then us. Also because we were young and there were only 2 of us I felt ignored. Since we went there for the turtle soup  we got that and a salad. I didn't order much even being as hungry as I was because I didn't really want to be there anymore. The server when she came was nice but at that point I just wanted eat and get out. The soup was very good but the salad was drenched in Dijon dressing so the lettuce wasn't very crisp and the flavors were well... just the dressing. For the price I expected better food and service...I would like to give it another chance but with all the other wonderful places to go in NO to eat the chances of me returning are slim. Great service makes up for bad food but bad service...say no more.We found Bon Ton by accident. Outstanding restaurant for Cajun/Creole food.  Good enough to be closed on Saturdays and Sunday's when most restaurants are busiest. We had their turtle soup, crawfish etouffee, crawfish jambalaya and the best bread pudding with Whiskey sauce and butter pecan ice cream a la mode ever served. A must go for all.I went during the lunch.  I was there 15 minutes earlier than their opening yet they let me sit and wait inside until the opening of the restaurant.   Their entire staff was excellent and even gave me the recipe of their bread pudding and salad, etc..
Food was excellent also.  Crawfish etoufee had more crawfish than any of the other famous New Orleans restaurants I have been to.Good food at a classic New Orleans eatery. Went on a slow night just after Memorial Day. Entire town was pretty dead which is fine by me. Heard of long waits but walked in around 8:30 and found about four other tables occupied. It is a small place, so I imagine during busy times, the wait can be awhile. 
Had the turtle soup which was very good and filling. A bit salty but still very enjoyable. Was not provided crackers, but could have asked. I saw other tables with crackers. I enjoyed my French bread with the soup instead. 
I've been wanting some soft shell crab for awhile and Bon Ton did not disappoint. Ordered one of the Soft Shell Crab Alvin. Fried topped with crab meat and a rich brown butter sauce. And a side of vegetables. So good. You can order one or two crab. One was more than enough, especially if you are having an app or dessert. I have a big appetite and couldn't imagine putting two of these things down. 
Finished with the bread pudding. I'm not the biggest bread pudding fan, but I liked this very much (ate the whole thing). As others have mentioned, the whiskey sauce is strong, but it doesn't overpower the pudding. It's not drenched in it and it's placed over it, so you can regulate how much you have with each bite. I thought it worked well. 
Great service and staff. The owners were dining at a table near the bar. They got up to greet me when I entered and also stopped by to see how I was enjoying my meal. Their son was behind the bar running the checks. Overall, a great experience.Like most New Orleans restaurants they don't devein their shrimp, but the gumbo and jambalaya both had very good flavor. I prefer a spicy gumbo and jambalaya in most cases, but this was more geared to bringing out flavor then spice, and was still very good. The best part is they load up both dishes with plenty of shrimp and crawfish. it is pricey, but you do get your money's worth.We didn't have a reservation but at 5:15 there was only a few people inside. The staff was friendly and attentive. I had the broiled fish with shrimp. It was delicious. I had two bites of the Crab Au Gratin (someone didn't want to share) and that was even more yummy. Topped things off with the Bread Pudding with ice cream and Whiskey sauce. We killed it. Amazingness! 
Only issue was my shrimp was slightly overcooked (tough) & the complimentary bread was just ok. 
Definitely would go again. Also it's $$$ not $$. We missed that.Crawfish was the star of our meal here.  Shared a cup of each of their three soups (favorite was their gumbo), and then the crawfish dinner with small portions of their etouffee, jambalaya, omelette and a white-wine-based saute.  All of those items were GREAT - though I think the etouffee was my favorite.  Their etouffee is roux-less, which may surprise you, but it's nice and light - and chock full of crawfish tails.  Very, very tasty.  
Friendly service as well.  The only downside is that they're closed on the weekends!The waiter Matt was amazing! He give me my first taste of Crawfish tails just a pleasureful taste! I ordered a fresh fish with gulf shrimp and a side of potatoes... Let me say the best dish I ever taste. Another dish I would recommend is the eggplant shrimp dish it's another wonderful dish that has full of taste richness and body. It's the oldest creole restaurant in New Orleans...  
Pros food is amazing 
Cons the wine list is triple the cost a 8 dollars bottle cost 30 dollars. Your better of getting a Singular glass of there rum... 
Happy eating folks!I love old school New Orleans restaurants that ooze with the energy of thousands of people and decades of history.  You're more likely to see locals as tourists which suits me just fine.  The average age of diner here concerns me though and I hope that it will be here for generations to come. I always have a consistently good meal here and recommend you try the pecan ice cream and bread pudding with whiskey sauce at the end of your meal.  The hospitality here is terrific and it's hard not to want to come back again and again.BEST Crawfish Jambalaya Ever! Nice and fun staff with the most delicious New Orleans cuisine ever. I highly recommend it.Went here alone for a Fri afternoon lunch. ~2. Place was packed. Had to wait for 1015 mins at the bar. Very friendly owner, maitre 'd as well as servers. Guess this is the south then!
The food was fantastic!!! I had the crawfish etouffee. I still have wet (read drool) dreams thinking about how buttery and flavorful that thing was. 
Knocked off 1 star coz service, though friendly, was slow and erratic. Also, the bread pudding with bourbon that everyone raves about...well, i was not very impressed...lots of  bread in even more butter...but you do taste the bourbon I will admit :)Wonderful service and a great "make you feel like a local" atmosphere. Our server Renee was attentive and friendly.  She made our first night in NOLA amazing. For the price point, our crawfish etouffee and jambalaya just didn't stack up. Can't wait to go back and try the crab au gratin.    The Rum Ramsey, however, was delish.This place is a bit hard for me to review.  While the service was super friendly and felt like I was visiting family, the food was not quite to my liking.  Maybe I ordered the wrong things for my tastes?  Perhaps this was a lesson in going for my craving instead of what is popular here on yelp.  
One thing that yelpers were spot on about was the Rum Ramsey.  It is a complex eye-opening must have!  Wow, strong and wonderful!  The turtle soup was good, but still not as good as Desire or Commander's Palace.  The baked crab au gratin was what I ordered because of the raving reviews, but the cheese was too much for me.  I felt like I was eating a very fancy macaroni cheese but without the texture of the noodles.  Just the crab did not sit right with me.  
Again, the service was special thing and so what the ambiance inside the restaurant.  Casual, like visiting with friendly relatives.  No pretenses.
While I ought to give this place another chance and try other things on the menu, it was just a bit too expensive for me.  Good experience though, definitely go at least once!Went to the dinner here on a Thursday night around 8 PM, with a a couple friends, one being local.  he said this was one of the best places to get a good meal and not touristy, but local -- and he was tight on both counts.  
Food was tremendous, as was the service.  Loved the decor and felt like it was a group of locals and not tourists, as he said it would be.  bit pricey, but worth it!  I got the veal shank, which was out of this world....
Definitely will go back, even with all the options in NOLA -- this place is a must eat!My city tour guider recommended us this restaurant. I love the food here, and our waitress was super nice:) It's very traditional New Orleans food. I would definitely recommend anyone visiting here to try this restaurant! Also, try their homemade rum, it's very nice! After the main dish, if you would like some dessert, try the bread pudding with whiskey and a cup of coffee!This was my first trip to New Orleans and Yelp helped me find my last meal in the Cresent City. The Bon Ton Cafe was everything the reviews said it would be.
The atmosphere was quaint yet elegant, the wait staff was well trained without being stuffy. The food was AMAZING I had the crawfish etufee and it was bueatiful, both for the eyes and the palet. The reviews said the bread pudding was top notch. It. was. perfect! 
What a great way to end a trip. 
Thank you Bon Ton CafeAs a native New Orleanian, I was pleasantly surprised. Downtown "touristy" creole cuisine places usually don't hit the spot. But Bon Ton Cafe - Au contraire!
Wasn't starving when I went so I only got the catfish bites and jambalaya. But no complaints!
The bread pudding looked awesome, definitely will try it next time.The crawfish dinner was decent--not as large as the pictures show.  Not a fan of the crawfish omelette.  The jambalaya was perfect.  Etoufee was a bit too salty for my taste.  Crawfish Laura was rich but good.  The creole mustard vinaigrette dressing was delicious. Bread was a little bland/dry.  Crawfish tails were good but not worth the 27 dollar price--get the appetizer portion instead. 
Ambiance was very nice!  Overall I was expecting more from this restaurant.  It was decent but a bit overpriced for the amount/quality.  I hate to write this review because I wanted to love it!  The history is worth checking it out!I loved thius place; cozy and comfortable atmosphere with historic New Orleans architectural elements. The food was excellent and especially dessert - the bread pudding was incredible.John Besh featured Bon Ton Cafe's Crabmeat Au Gratin on The Best Thing I Ever Ate's Cheesy episode. 
It's a throwback kind-of restaurant with the uniformed staff and the red and white checkered table cloths. Old fashioned. 
Bon Ton has a signature drink called the Rum Ramsey. Pleasantly surprised. I liked it a lot. Bread and butter were brought out. All of our food was really good. It wasn't anything crazy, out of the ordinary but classic Creole and done well. About this Crabmeat Au Gratin though-- There's a culinary faux pax out there about seafood not mixing with cheese. This dish begs to differ. If you were trying to get the New Orleans food experience, Bon Ton Cafe will have it.. Jambalaya, crawfish, gumbo, turtle soup.. You name it.
Good food. Good serving sizes. Great service.Overpriced, slow, dirty, bad food. The waitress was very nice, but the food just bad. We ordered fried cat fish looking for the authentic creole taste, but the batter was bland, dish was dry, and the sauce was gross. Soggy fries, overdress salad, pedestrian potatoes - do not go.Visiting from out of town and asked our hotel (The Roosevelt) concierge for the "best" shrimp étouffée. He told us about Bon Ton..."hole in the wall but awesome food...don't let the suits intimidate you-it's just across the street from the courthouse". Anyway, we went. Arrived for lunch as the place opened and were seated immediately. The service was efficient, but not friendly. That was the first disappointment. The salad with house (homemade Dijon vinaigrette) dressing was delicious. The shrimp étouffée was not what I was expecting. Perhaps this is true and authentic étouffée to NOLA, and no disrespect meant...but the shrimp were really small sized (60-75 pieces to the pound) not cleaned and the sauce was a thin, broth consistency and very scampi-like. I did not detect anything resembling a roux, no depth to the sauce. I was expecting a butter chestnut brown sauce that screamed flavor bursting of onions, peppers, garlic with amazing roux undertones. Again, I'm not local, but just expected a very different dish. I might have bumped this review to 4 stars if the service was friendlier.Tasty, quiet little place in the heart of downtown.  The Bon Ton fish was very good.  Instead of the normal red snapper, it was black drum which I've never tried before.
The service was very nice.  
The dinner crowd was a bit on the older side... Maybe that's because of the time I arrived (~6pm).
Would definitely go back... If I were to ever come back to NOLA.TERRIBLE! Disgusting crawfish bisque that tasted like dirt, even worse crawfish etouffee, bland boiled potatoes.
Now I understand why they have a full bar... to DEADEN YOUR TASTEBUDS before you eat!We loved this special restaurant!!! Grilled fish and filet mignon were heavenly. And of course, you must try the bread pudding. My husband loved their bourbon milk punch. Wonderful wait staff and a very nice vibe in this restaurant. I'm adding it to my list of favorite Nola restaurants.I have not been here for years but must say the food has been delicious!  
I enjoyed turtle soup, a house salad (with a wonderful house dressing based on stone-ground mustard), and crawfish étouffée for my entrée (served with green beans and caramelized onions).  I didn't eat my entire dinner - but not because of any problem other than the size of my stomach!  (I wanted to save room for their world-famous bread pudding...which was positively delicious and worth every uncomfortable bite!)The food is unpretentious yet exquisite, and that's a theme for the whole restaurant--service, decor and so on. The vibe seems to be intended to convey a down-to-earth heart with a dressed up, old fashioned sensibility. I believe it may be this unusual contrast that has prompted some reviewers to suspect they were being bamboozled into paying high prices for mediocre dining. The quality of the food and the sincerity and attentiveness of the owners (who were present in the dining room throughout the evening) were extraordinary. The service was straight faced, but the patrons were jovial. This is a place for good times--lots of laughter--but also good manners, and I got the impression that children are not particularly appreciated. Thankfully, our three kids seemed to enjoy the formality and did just fine. I probably wouldn't bring them again. Most people were dressed formally and colorfully, like they'd just been to the symphony. We spent $150. This place is a real taste of New Orleans.To be honest the food was fresh and tasty. The ambiance  is country charming. I visited the place with two colleagues on a Wednesday. The place was quite crowded. And it's kind of loud inside due to some large dining parties.  Because there is no music or any other type of white noise, you can essentially hear everyone's conversations. One lady was particularly loud at the other end of the restaurant and we can hear everything she was saying. 
The kitchen was kind of slow. The three of us had different fish dishes and they were all very good. The Debbie salad yummy. I was a little bit annoyed because the server bought out the wrong food for me (after he specifically repeated the order to me), because I didn't want to wait any longer for my food, and what he bought looked good. I decided to take it instead of having it re-made. However when we got the bill he charged us for the dish he brought instead of what I ordered. It was delicious and I enjoyed it so I'm not overly upset, but it was a little annoying.As far as looks its about what you would expect for a Chicago style stake house, with a french quarter twist. 
The staff was nothing special, but no complains. 
I ordered the crab Au gratin. It was fine. Large lumps of crab in a nice light sauce, with American cheese melted with just a touch of burn marks. The portion was small, about the size of the average cereal bowl. I would have been happy if this had be a 12 dollar side but it was a 25 dollar entree. It came with a side and I chose onion rings. To be more precise 3 onion rings who's taste could not stand on their own and were in need of ketchup. 
My girlfriend got the fillet, and it was great. Cooked to perfection and seasoned just as well. Again a little over priced at 32 dollars for a small fillet. Her entree also came with a side. She chose the potatoes, I didn't try them but she litter ally got 1 1/2 little red hot potatoes. 
OK so in summery Bon Ton is a great place if you wanna go to a nice place, with small servings, and average food.We spent 5 days in NOLA and ate @ 10 top restaurants and this was the best food & service of all. Third generation family operation. Prices reasonable.  A must try for a real taste of NOLA.  The turtle soup cannot be beat.  MartyMontanaA great experience, great staff and the owner even came over and said hello. This is a "word of mouth" place. They don't promote at all but it was some of the best southern creole style food I've had. The Crawfish Etouffe was amazing and the dessert menu was perfect. As in there was one item, bread pudding, and it was the best I've had. Loved the decor and old school vibe, will be back next time I'm in town.Came for lunch, and we had the crab au gratin and jambalaya entrees. The bread that's given in the beginning was really bad. The entrees come with salad and a vegetable side. The Creole salad dressing was good. The side of french fries was not good. The entrees were both good, but not good enough that I would go back. Especially since the entree was only good, and the bread and sides weren't great.I have never had a bad dish here. The staff is incredibly accommodating and friendly to speak with. The food here is fantastic - everything seafood and landfood. The wine sauce that comes with the steak is another level of delicious. Take the time and visit this spot each time you visit this city until you have tried everything on the menu!Someone told me this was the best NOLA restaurant....and while food was very good, i think there's just too many amazing places in NOLA for Bon Ton to make any kind of list.
I didn't have the luxury of trying all three courses here, but my entree was delicious.  After a run down of the menu, I could not decide between the Crabmeat Imperial and Crabmeat Au Gratin...that's when the waiter gave me the tip that I could do half-half! ($25.50, same price a full dish of either option)!!  Highly recommended!  The entire dish is crab meat...nothing but succulent crustecean and a bit of mushrooms/cheese...there had to be 3 or 4 crab's worth of meat in that plate.  The Crabmeat Au Gratin is WAY too cheesy to have a full plate...but half and half was perfect.
Can't say that I'll be back as there's just too much to try in NOLA...but I did have an enjoyable time here.Ha. We actually ended up here accidentally. We had just finished dinner at Gautreau's when I had the idea to see some live music. I knew that a band was probably playing at Les Bon Temps on Magazine, so we hopped into a cab and told the cabbie that's where we wanted to go.
Well, he misunderstood and we weren't paying attention (too much chatting) and next thing you know, he pulls up in front of Bon Ton Cafe. Deciding to make the best of an unplanned situation, we decided to hop out and check the place out.
Well, it's a full on restaurant, but they do have a bar, so we sat and enjoyed some beer for a little while. The staff seemed happy to have us and enjoyed our little story about going down the wrong path.
After hanging out for a while, they called us a cab and we eventually ended up at the correct Les Bon Temp. Naturally, this is the one day a week that a band wasn't playing. You win some, you lose some.
I'll be back at Bon Ton soon to actually eat.This is the real deal!  We really enjoyed the crawfish etoufee - such tender crawfish, it was unbelievable!  The salad dressing is extremely tasty, and they will give you the recipe if you ask.  Try the house cocktail and the bread pudding, which packs a wallop of whisky.  
Service was extremely friendly and fast.Must try place in NOLA.  Been around for ages.  Expensive but worth every bite.  Get the fish, it's out of this world.  Thought it was sweet of them to share their vinaigrette and pudding recipe.  That bread pudding is heart attack waiting to happen btw.  Don't say I didn't warn ya!Good food, awful service. Took 45 minutes to get my meal, and server never even checked up on me. Pretty good creole food, but don't expect good service.The bread pudding with whiskey sauce is to die for...I'm ruined for it, will never find any other as satisfying!Their food is amazing! We had the shrimp etoufee and crawfish jambalaya, and argued over which was best. The server was a little abrupt at first but we softened her up. The ambience is kind of dated but good is first-rate. And the best fire last- bread pudding was amazing!!! On our quest for the best bread pudding, this was the best. I found the whisky sauce a bit strong but my friend loved it as is. If you're in New Orleans, don't miss out on this food. So many places are overrated by tourists who don't know better but this place is the real deal.Had reservations on a busy Thursday night. We were immediately ushered into a "bar" area although it seemed our table was set...kinda odd.  The waitress made some recommendations and explained that the red  fish bon ton was really black drum (?).  I ordered the gumbo and the black fish bon ton which came with a side dish, I ordered brussel sprouts. The gumbo was OK, as was the rest of the meal.  The food was not special, I left feeling fried food full,  but unimpressed.  Best part of the meal was the great service provided by the assistant wait staff.We had an amazing dinner here one Monday night last football season when we were in town for a Saints game. Amazing food, outstanding service, and great atmosphere. Their signature drink, the Rum Ramsey, is a must try. Everything on the menu was amazing. From the turtle soup, to the crawfish sampler and filets, and then a perfect ending with the bread pudding. We dined at Emeril's NOLA during the same trip and I would give that 4 stars compared to Bon Ton's 5.Excellent!!! Crab au gratin is amazing! And don't you dare skip the bread pudding! My husband and I aren't even sweet eaters but it is so good with a very heavy on the whiskey sauce4th time here over a 10 year period. I don't understand the bad reviews. This place has consistently given us the best meals and the best experience; worth every penny. I will keep returning every time I am lucky enough to visit NOLA.The turtle soup was interesting, if a little salty, $7.  The gumbo was excellent. The crawfish etouffe, Laurie, omelette combo was FULL of crawfish, not a bad deal at $25.crawfish etouffe is amazing here! amazing! 
why are they only open mon-fri? arghExcellent food from the gulf area and incredibly accommodating service. Our server, Pat, helped us split the bill due to some financial constraints. Initially there was some confusion but it was resolved due to the hospitality of the staff.
Thank you Bon Ton for a warm welcome to New Orleans!Twenty years ago, the Bon Ton was my favorite lunchtime destination in the CBD. The waitresses, getting a bit long in the tooth back then, would welcome you warmly, call you "dahlin" and "sweet-haht" and ensure all your culinary needs were met.
Returning on occasional business in the 21st century, I'm fairly certain that I'm met by the same gals (who must be positively ancient by now) serving up the same delicious fare.
The previous reviews have pointed out the excellent etouffe and appetizers, but have left out what makes the Bon Ton truly distinctive: it has the best damn bread pudding in the city. It's drowned in a strong whiskey sauce that can leave you positively reeling but I always find myself craving a dose of it when I'm in town. You've gotta try it if you haven't...Everything was absolutely excellent. At first I thought it was a little over the top to have 3 servers, but no need went waiting or unfulfilled. The service was exceptional. The food was DELICIOUS! I had the scallops with a spinach for a appetizer. OMG! The flavor was bursting and the scallops were not shrunk. Then I had the BBQ jumbo shrimp. If you want to stay neat, don't try this dish! They put a bib on me. You have to peel the shrimp, but oh was it worth it! They give you some really soft bread to sop up the sauce( not a traditional BBQ sauce). OMG again...this was so good. Since it was our anniversary, they sent out complimentary lemon cream cake for me and pecan pie for my husband. It was equally good. This was the best place we visited to eat for the 3 days we were in Nawlins.Bright cheerful place a couple blocks out from the French Quarter.  Serves Cajun food - the native cuisine of the countryside to the west - more than the local Creole.  I made a meal out of a sampler, with catfish fingers (perfectly tender and lightly cooked), jambalaya (a Cajun spiced one, very different from the Creole jambalayas), and gumbo (which was actually more Creole than the Cajun gumbos I had out west).
Everything was good, and so was the service, even though the waitress also had to attend to some other, very populated tables.Very good.  Crawfish et'toufe  was very good.  Same for the grilled Brussels sprouts.The place is very quaint and could be romantic if on a date. A great atmosphere.
The service was extremely attentive and service with a smile. I came during lunch shortly after they opened.
The turtle soup was amazing. The salad that came with my jambalaya was very good with the mustard dressing. 
The crawfish jambalaya cannot be explained as to how good it is. The little pieces of meat were plentifully scattered throughout the dish. Sauce was perfectly mixed into the crawfish and rice.
The service went down slightly as they got busy, but still within a reasonable level.
Now onto the Bread pudding; A huge square of bread pudding with ample sauce poured ontop. My spoon went through the custardlike pudding with ease.  Finding rum raisins and Carmel throughout.  It has a very strong whisky flavor. But very palatable.I think I threw up a little when I found out they prepare and cook their famous soft shell crabs alive.  I can't quite focus on my meal thinking about some creature having died in hot boiling oil.  That's just nasty.I have traveled over the last 45 years to six of the seven continents. This may be the best meal I've had in my entire life.Stumbled on this rustic little cafe at the end of my last trip to NOLA. Quite crowded - I was seated in a corner two seater table which would have typically soured my experience. The staff were absolutely spectacular in a Deep South attention to every detail way and quickly shifted my attention.  I had crawfish etoufee which was very simple and not overly seasoned ( that's what Tabasco is for). I had onion rings as my side and they were the best I've ever eaten. Bread Pudding with Whisky sauce for dessert. There are tons of really good food choices in New Orleans - definitely stop in here.This is on my "must dine at" list every time I am in New Orleans. The Crawfish Etoufee is the best I have had.  The bread pudding is also a must.  I have been dining here since 1994 and will make sure it is a part of every New Orleans trip.OMG! Get the crab imperial! Best food during my stay. Other entrees were good but the crab imperial was beyond amazing.Everytime I come to Nola I visit Bon Ton. It's local but you will see celebrities. The food is incredible and not spicy which is a treat. You can't go wrong, if you don't visit you missed out.
Ps the secret drink is the best in new Orleans! Go you wont be disappointed.Unfortunately, Bon Ton Cafe was probably the least interesting and tasty restaurant during our trip to NOLA.  We went with a number of recommendations made by others on various dining sites, however, most items, such as the creamed cauliflower fell flat, as did the crab dishes, which were simply slathered in american cheese.
The multiple appetizers, which included gumbo, etoufee and turtle were perhaps the highlight of this dining experience.Absolutely adorable little gem! I stopped in searching for a good Cajun meal and found it. I started my meal with the crawfish bisque which was good, but the crawfish etouffee which was phenomenal. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans.Excellent.  Had the crab imperial.  It was sooo good.   Yum.  Great service.  Mellow but classy atmosphere.  Packed on a Wed night so make reservations.Great food, great service and old style ambiance.  The turtle soup is really good, not salty like so many are.  The crawfish etouffee was really tasty not all rice and cream, just a lovely balance of everything and a lot of crawfish.  This restaurant exudes total southern ambiance  and hospitality.  Did I mention the wine list is reasonable?  My question is why is our booze bill almost always more than the food portion?Bon Ton cafe's equal counterpart would resemble the small family run italian cafes in NY or Jersey. Housed in an old building with a warm, cozy and charming ambience.
The bartender let us try a sample of the secret recipe for the rum ramsey and while my dining partners opted for wine, I chose the ramsey and it kinda grew on me. 
We shared the shrimp salad, a fish dish and the crab au gratin and were very pleased. The au gratin entree came with a side of brussels sprouts which we all agreed was a skimpy portion but they were good. We were glad we shared the au gratin as it might be too rich to have as a meal for one but it was probably one of the best things we put in our mouth all weekend.....REALLY good!
I can't see anyone being disappointed with a meal at Bon Ton!This cafe serves up the typical local fare with a few extras. I tried the turtle soup, house salad, and crawfish ettouffee. The turtle soup tasted like canned vegetable soup and was my least favorite dish here. Salad featured their creole mustard dressing which was delicious. The etouffee was loaded with crawfish and served with a scoop of rice. I really wanted to try the crabmeat imperial and au gratin since I heard the reviews were outstanding. Overall, I feel the fair is decent but you could probably find equal quality food somewhere else at a lower price point.Incredibly fresh seafood. Warm homey atmosphere, with friendly courteous service. Redfish special is pictured.Wonderful restaurant with a history that gives it extra charm.  When restaurants are around as long as this, they tend to rest on their laurels but not here. Signature cocktail (Rum Ramsey) was excellent. The food was exceptional (Redfish Bon Ton and Crawfish étouffée). Started with turtle soup which was the best I have had. Matt, our sever was a master of his job as well.  Very knowledgable about the entrees and helps you make your choice by guiding you without telling you what you should have.  Don't forget the bread pudding!Very good sampling of Cajun fare. Turtle soup was nice. gumbo, ettouffe, and rice dishes were all better than most places around new Orleans. A little off the beaten path but best dinner/most convenient option if you're staying in the hub of hotels nearby.My last night in New Orleans and after four days of culinary overdrive what was I going to do to top it off....I spent a lot of time reading Yelp reviews and after much thought decided I would try Bon Ton Cafe fully understanding that it's a cafe, prices will be steep, and it's not fusion cuisine - it is what it is, creole, seafood, old-school food served in a classic setting with few pretenses - was just what I was looking for....So wanted to try their gumbo to compare with others I had tried during my trip - although it was spicy, rich, and had many shrimp, the roux was a little watery and wasn't as deep and dark as others I had tried. For my main course, I had researched this extensively - keep in mind that I love oysters - so, I went with a half and half, Oysters Alvin and Pan Broiled Oysters. The Oysters Alvin are fried and cooked in beef broth (Google them and you'll see the recipe) - although a little salty, they were delicious. The pan broiled oysters were a little less impressive, but nonetheless tasty. The meal came with a side and I got the vegetables du jour - typical over-cooked spring vegetables....why can't they just steam them for a few minutes and then serve them, why do they have to over cook vegetables to the point where they are basically tasteless? OK, rant over! On to dessert - well everyone on Yelp raved about the Bread Pudding with Whiskey sauce, so I tried it, and thank goodness I was walking back to my hotel or I would have needed to take an Uber back - without a doubt the strongest whiskey sauce I have ever tasted - was it good - hard to say because the flavor was so overpowering....The service was outstanding and reminded me of many southern cafes that I've visited over the years. With all the great cajun/creole restaurants in New Orleans, I probably would not try this one again.Just plain terrific. Friendly and informative staff. Gumbo was a little salty for my spouse but just right for me. The redfish Bon Ton was outstanding and don't miss the bread pudding !Went here in a group of 8 for a lunch meeting.  Was very surprised and pleased that we were seated immediately.  But the extreme cold may have helped with that.  I had the grilled gulf shrimp (black drum today) and veggies, with the house dressing on my salad.  The salad was good.  The fish was perfectly seasoned and cooked - oh so good.  And the veggies were drowned in butter, which made them taste good, but defeated the purpose of my ordering them.
I always like to go to Bon Ton, especially when I'm not paying....I don't think people, or even Yelp! understands how much of a help this app is for me when friends (mostly visitors) are constantly asking for places to go and things to do around town. I rely on my bookmarks a lot, it's great for knocking items off that checklist and exploring new places myself. It's not always i get to be a tourist in my own city, and this app is more so my tour guide.
Anyway... all that to say.... had a visitor and we were in dire need for nourishment nearby. It was one of the top choices in the area from the bookmarks, and one that's been on my mind a lot so it was meant to be for paying a visit.
We got there around 5:30 ish, no reservations, but apparently we got there just in time because when we walked in, there were only a couple tables occupied, but by the time the first glasses of wine hit our table, the place had just about filled up.
I ordered the combination plate of the crab imperial and crab au gratin and sweet baby Jesus! I was not ready for all that goodness bestowed upon me. Everything was divine but that crab au gratin: Prescious! I felt bad because my friend wanted more of it when I let her try but I learned from her review that I was being stingy with the c.a.g. (you would be too).
Also helped ourselves to the bread pudding dessert with pecan ice cream on top. It was a crime how good that bread pudding was. Like its not even fair. If they don't have one of the best bread puddings around, someone please tell me who's better!I would highly recommend trying Bon Ton if you are looking for a cute Cajun restaurant. The service is phenomenal, the atmosphere is perfect for a date, and the food is great. The crawfish etouffee is a bit different than most places because it's not thick at all, but it still has the flavor packed in. It's loaded with crawfish, and they taste fresh too. The bread pudding comes with a very potent whiskey sauce, its a great end to dinner.Saw this on Yelp and since it was a block away from where we are staying, we decided to give it a try.  We were not disappointed.  The food was fabulous and the service was good.  We will definitely eat here again.Hands down the best restaurant in the city. We don't always get here because they are not open on weekends but when the city finds us on a weekday we jump on it. Anything fried is sooooo fresh and clean... All the creole sauces are very authentic ... The best is to finish with the bourbon bread pudding. fabulous friendly attentive service from days gone by where people really care about your experience and not just about turning your table... A+++ try the rum Ramsey buy don't be afraid to order your favorite cocktail... This place does it all... ThanksMy fiancée and I stumbled into the Bon Ton cafe following a long day of travel and were pleasantly surprised with the history, service, ambiance, and amazing crawfish!! The crawfish dinner is definitely the way to go. We started with turtle soup--highly recommended. Whiskey bread pudding was pretty decadent...when in Rome I guess! Also, great selection of French wine. Delicious!Stopped in for lunch with colleagues, luckily got here early (1130) before the line formed. EVERYTHING was EXCELLENT from the food, to the gracious service, a little humor, and the secret Rum Ramsey cocktail that keeps on giving! Everyone loves their dish which is rare. And staff was super attentive. Definition of southern hospitality.First bread pudding I've ever tasted from here: exquisite. With the whiskey sauce on top: perfection. Not quite sure how much of a "pudding" bread pudding is supposed to be, but this one was firm enough to hold its squarish shape. Filled sparingly with some raisins, which added a nice touch. Just the right amount of sweetness, and was delicious when paired with the whiskey sauce. This ingenious creation boasts a bold, but not overwhelming, whiskey flavor that meets the almost caramel-like flavor and consistency of the sweeter component. 
Service was warm and friendly. We had actually just finished dinner down the street, and were feeling like something sweet to wrap up the night. From the outside, the Cafe looks a bit shi-shi, but although the interior was filled mainly with older folks, the atmosphere was casual. We asked if we could simply get the bread pudding dessert to go, as we had already eaten and were merely looking for dessert. The host said of course, and it only took about 5 minutes before we emerged from the cafe, clutching our precious (and hot!) take-out bag, and went back to the hotel to enjoy our delicious pudding.Love this place. Food is delicious. Staff is professional. Coffee & dessert , perfect ending. Must do in NOLA.