What a bummer! Being a resident of the Marigny and thrilled with the new restaurant scene developing in the Bywater, I was excited about the concept of this restaurant and so wanted to like it. First off, even if you'd never been to any of these places and sampled the street food the menu touts , I still think that the food is disappointing. Unfortunately, i have actually eaten a lot of the authentic street food abroad, and Booty's renditions don't even come close! Begging the question- have the chefs or owners of Booty's ever been to these places or do they just watch the Travel Channel a lot? However, the renovation is impressive and will even look better with l little age on it- ( if they can manage to stay open that long) and the drinks are interesting and fairly fun. I wish I could chalk the whole bad experience up to ordering badly, but two of the dishes that I ordered were on the recommendation of the server- the rice balls and the empanada. One quick note that must be said, the Ramen- really? egg noodles the size of fettuccine? and you call that pork broth? I'm pretty sure I cracked the code for that recipe- soy sauce, water and maybe a bit of sugar. As a lover of authentic Japanese Ramen, I was totally offended. Here's a little tip, his month's Bon Appetit  has a great photo of what real ramen should be, check it out boys, you don't even have to Japan! I could go on, but it would just be unnecessarily mean. Because I am the eternal optimist when it comes to new restaurants, especially those in my Hood, as disappointed as I am I will probably go back. The vibe was great and I would like to see them ultimately succeed, but next time I will stick to the fries and drinks.The food here is great and completely universal...you have all different countries....I gave it a 4 because the service is not that great.  Food is very tasty and drinks are good!I really want to give Booty's Street Food 5 stars but considering their name has "food" in it and I have yet to try their culinary offerings I am withholding my last star until I can sample their wares. 
OKAY, so, first things first. Normally I would dislike a place like this. I am too quick to judge and would write Booty's off as being pretentious or trying too hard. I think the difference with Booty's is that it feels extremely genuine. You get a real sense that the owners really care about creating a unique dining experience. The longer I sat at the bar enjoying my iced latte (more on that later) the more I picked up on small design details that were truly a joy to behold. For example, your craft beverage is served in a mason jar that sits on a handmade (in New Orleans) wooden drink coaster that snaps to the magnetized bar top. You can see all of the handmade cordials, syrups, bitters, etc. in the clear storage behind the bar.  Murals and prints adorn the walls and low-watt bulbs hanging from the ceiling creating a visually cool lighting design. The menus themselves are works of art and I spent a good 20 minutes pouring over them. 
They serve delicious Stumptown coffee and my iced latte was probably the best I'd ever consumed. I tasted my friend's Bywater Bomber (get 1 free with a check-in on Yelp!) and was impressed. 
My favorite part of the restaurant was the bathrooms. They're unisex and home to rotating art installations. I personally loved the disclaimer on the door that there were sexual themes in the artwork and for parents to be wary of that when bringing children in to use the restroom unless they were ready to have "the talk" in the Bywaterloo's.
I also have to admit that I am a bit of a fangirl of the owners' website, although to be fair I had no idea that Booty was their restaurant until I saw the unicorn references and the name and put 2+2 together. 
I can't wait to come back and try the food.I went for a late linner (lunch/dinner) today and hand the kimchi jeung, queijo na brasa, and a hot silk to drink.
I like kimchi a lot.  It was often in the house as I was growing up, and I have some in my fridge right now.  I asked a couple of weeks ago when I had the bulgogi (another childhood favourite) and was told they make the kimchi in house.  It tastes really good, but it could be spicier in my opinion.  They do serve it with sriracha, but it's not the same.  The kimchi jeung is a kimchi pancake with diced pork belly and green onions on top.  The plate is painted, maybe it's something like Korean BBQ sauce.  It was good, although next time I may ask for a little extra kimchi on the side.  Did I mention I like kimchi?
The queijo na brasa is grilled cheese pieces served on a stick.  No bread, just cheese.  It was good, but I like my cheese a little meltier.  Like when you take queso blanco fresco and grill it.  Gets gooey and soft.  But, I digress.  This cheese had pretty grill marks on in, herbs, olive oil.  It tasted good, but wasn't the texture I was hooping for.
Finally, the hot silk...  I almost got the house made horchata, cuz I like horchata almost as much as kimchi, but browsing the drink menu this one caught my eye.  Liquor of some kind or another (does it really matter) and cardamom.  It was yummy.  Since it was hot, there was some strong alcohol flavor at first (like drinking hot sake), but the cardamom definitely came thru.  
It was a good lunch and I will be back again and again.This place was ok the menu choice was limited.My fish in chips had no flavor and they didn't have ketchup but they make ketchup curry no ketchup! What?? Other than that the waitresses are nice.
and food gets to you fast!!I have to admit that I was in a big hurry when I made my first visit to Booty's Street Food recently.  The place was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon and my server greeted me upon entering.  The huge bar and center counter seating are the focal points of the dining room and I especially like the rustic lights suspended from above.  
My server dropped off a menu and some water in just a minute or two.  Kudos to the chilled water being served in empty wine bottles and I also liked the mason jars to go with it.  As stated earlier, I was very short on time and took less than a minute to glance at the menu. I chose the Pupusa benedict, which featured two cheese stuffed masa cakes, poached eggs, avocado & brown butter lime chipotle Hollandaise.
My food came out very timely and the presentation was appealing.  The poached eggs sitting on top were perfectly cooked and were the highlight of the meal.  The cheese stuffed masa cakes were ok, but I was expecting a little more.  To me, they were a little tough, like a slightly over-baked ravioli; but perhaps that's the texture they wanted to support the eggs.  The Hollandaise was just ok, but what I didn't enjoy was the tart "slaw/cabbage" that surrounded the dish. 
However, I think that a second visit may be warranted.  Perhaps there's a 4th star lurking with my next meal.Great atmosphere, quality service, super good craft cocktails and an inventive globetrotting menu. I think that pretty much sums it up.
Although I'm not quite sure that Fish & Chips originated in Oldham, England specifically - especially since it's landlocked.Yes sir, this place shows its ass as it is awesome.from the time you walk in you are greeted with a smiling face, Rachel we later learned.we are told about the special and how that special came to be, the chef's recent trip to the Caribbean which brought back fritters that were damn good with a lot of flavor.the same waitress also brought three sauces that could be used with our tapas style eats ma asking the whole service above stellar.
We had the gunmandu-freaking yum. Amsterdam fries, double speed with a fresh mayo and curry ketchup. Papasi for desert which includes a sweet syrup for powdery spherical doughnuts... and there was something else i  cannot find on their menu this instant and I don't treatment that was also delicious.
So overall environment was/is awesome
Service was stellar.
Food was exotic and when you want something different definitely check booty's.
+ just a plus they when possible use only local farmers produce and meats which is a local plus.The decor is amazing.  Kudos on a job well done with a great renovation.  The vibe is right and the place looks fantastic.  Service was very good, especially for the second night the place was open.  Unfortunately, they must have forgotten to worry about the important parts - the food and drinks.  Had a variety of menu items, which ranged from decent (the japanese steak skewers), to the bland (all of the tacos), to the inedible (crab rangoon that was mostly burnt dough).  By far the worst dish of the night was the "grilled cheese" which was limp, skewered rectangles of cheese that had been grilled and covered in an herb mixture.  The texture of the cheese was worse than eating styrofoam, and the presentation was horrific.  Three skewers were stuffed into a small glass cup, which as a result of the heat from the grill, caused the interior sides to cover in condensation resulting in limp and damp grilled cheese.  I was the only one who was adventurous and tried a cocktail off their menu - a drink that sounded like a take on a margarita, but tasted like a juiced red bell pepper.  Undrinkable.  I had high hopes for this place and was severely disappointed.  I know it was the second night they were open, and I hope they can turn this around, but in a city so focused on good food, I don't think this place will make it.  Usually, the pitfalls of opening night/week/month are service related and the food shines through, requiring a second look.  For Booty's, its the opposite. 
Edit - Appreciate the feedback from the owner.  The deep fried dumplings were described to us as crab rangoon - but even if that's not what they were - they were not good.  My drink I described as a take on a margarita because it had tequila and juice.I made a reservation for Booty's for NYE for a group of 12 people on Open Table. Open Table confirmed the res. I called repeatedly to make sure the res was good to go, to check if they had a pre-fix menu for the night and their voicemail said they were open, just away from the phone. I also emailed them to no avail. I checked Yelp and Facebook and there was no indication they would be closed. Our group arrived to a closed restaurant. Thank God Oxalis was able to seat us on their patio. Even if Booty's reopens, I'll never go back.Don't recommend at all. Had party of 8....they made us get the tasting menu...sounded like a good idea right? Only 25 bucks each. ... nope, not a good idea at all. Every one left hungry,  food was subpar, took WAY too long to come out and service was unorganized.  
If I could rate this with a half star I would... This place is all hype and I don't understand how it can average 3-1/2 stars.....Unbelievable.Holy crap! This place is a pit! First of all, in a town that has incredible food, Booty's is substandard even by food truck standards. Their Banh Mi roll tastes like it was purchased at farmer jack. 
Worse than that, their fish tacos are $6 a piece!? Where are we, Paris? A taco should be, at most 3 bucks. Any more than that and you're doing something wrong.
The staff was nice and the place was clean in that sort of drab, gray, lacquered cement kinda way, but the food is not good and definitely too expensive.Such a treat to have such an array of food styles/choices on one menu.  Cubano sandwich and Amsterdam fries are a great combo though you might need a nap afterwards.  Also enjoyed their freshly made Bywater Bomb Daiquiri made with fresh pineapple (yes definitely needed a nap following).  Really enjoyed the decor too and the art installations in the bathroom.  Staff was incredibly attentive and super friendly.Pros: I like the idea of it. 
Cons: I was not impressed by the food. The horchata had a weird taste to it. Nothing like I have ever had (and in a bad after taste you can't get rid of kind of way.) That set the tone for the rest of the meal.  All of the items I wanted to try were not available.   The food we did order was not memorable. Usually I will give restaurants another try. I didn't feel that way this time.OK, going for a balanced review here. I will return to this place for its drinks and ambiance, but the 3rd star is for potential: in other words, I won't come hungry, at least until they work out a few kinks in the food menu. In other words, when I want street food, I still prefer... well, street food.
Ambiance: 5 stars-- really nice and original decor, plus it's wonderful to have a bar AND café with free wifi in this location.
Drinks: 4 stars-- really interesting and innovative. I would come here just for the reasonably-priced cocktails, unusual cheap beers, and edginess.
Food: 2 stars-- it's overpriced for extremely small portions, even for a tapas restaurant. At the same time the food is extremely inconsistent in quality and fairly bland in a city that thrives on spice. For example, my friend ordered ceviche, which was served in a small paper funnel and topped with... popcorn. When a waiter presents ceviche and you see only popcorn, but he still insists it's ceviche, that results in some confusion. I like gourmet, but not at the expense of edibility, and for $9, this dish was ridiculous enough to shock reality show judges. Another example: the Belgian fries have no qualities that mark them as Belgian except for being served in a paper cone. You'd get more flavor and satisfaction from McDonald's fries. On the other hand, they come with a wide selection of excellent sauces, which are delicious enough to render the bland fry a mere calorie-laden sauce vessel. Since it is an experimental menu trying to combine interesting elements from around the world, I hope they work out some of the kinks and highlight the more successful parts of their menu... while perhaps serving more generous portions or reducing prices. After all, street food aims to satisfy.
Presentation: 2 stars-- leaves something to be desired, but they said they are working on that. I get that they are going for a street food aesthetic, and adapting that to fine dining is going to be inherently challenging.
Service: Excellent, attentive, and timely.
EDIT 12/12:
I've been informed that popcorn as a side to ceviche is apparently a thing in Perú and Ecuador. I lived there (north coast of Perú with a few visits elsewhere) and never encountered it, but apparently it happens more in Ecuador, where I spent much less time. So I stand corrected on that one, although I agree with another reviewer that maybe a little twist to the popcorn might be in order, something to liven it up, and more attention to what angle Booty's is going for with the food combinations. Hell, make it educational... tell us in the menu! Also Booty's is adding sauces to the table to appeal to a variety of spice palettes and adjusting serving proportions... got a nice response from the management explaining that they are responding to all reviews. Overall, I like that they're going out on a limb and doing something edgy.Back for a second trip to Booty's and loved it again. Came straight from the airport and was refreshed with a cool aqua fresca followed by a gespacho with pickled watermelons. (We don't have them in Philadelphia that i know of!). I had my first yakitori with tender chicken thighs and grilled to perfection. I also loved the Korean Dumplings which Booty's serves crispy (yummy) style with a light dipping sauce. The Bywater is a fabulous, friendly, artsy neighborhood that would be loved by all of us that love our Northern Liberties in Philly. And Booty's is a great place to get a taste of it.My wife and I were visiting from San Francisco and had the good fortune of grabbing a late lunch at Booty's.  We loved the eclectic nature of the menu and tried the Arancini, Queijo Na Brasa, Yuca Mofongo, and Gunmandu.  All dishes were delicious with the Yuca (Puerto Rican yuca fritter stuffed with roast pork) was our must try favorite.  And a Tiger Beer washed it all down perfectly.  We'll be back on our next trip!I had the pleasure of dining at Booty's Street Food recently with members of my family.  Due to the extensive menu we were able to sample many different things and enjoyed them all. The cocktails were slamming!; with original drinks I have only seen at Booty's. I loved the way the "Loos" (rest rooms) were decorated as Booty features 2 different artists works monthly allowing them to showcase their talents by decorating the rest rooms.  My only complaint is I live too far away to enjoy Bootys on a regular basis, you lucky Nola gang!!!. Next trip I will have my Booty on a stool at Booty's Street Food. oh yeah and loved me some Stumptown Coffee!!!!Great atmosphere. Feels like a cozy bar but food also is excellent. Try sriracha icecream it is very interesting. I wish we could have a place like this in dc or baltimore. Great service as well.I dig it! Creative cocktails made with fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and as others have said, the decor is lovely. You definitely get a Brooklyn or San Francisco vibe when you walk through the doors -- it's an excellent addition to the neighborhood. Also, their logo is a unicorn skull & cross bones. So great! 
I like their concept of street food fusion. It kind of makes you wish all street food was this good.
One caveat: Very few vegan/vegetarian options.The food was just flavorless.  Every single dish ordered. The cocktails weren't bad, and a good price. The food sounded good, but fell flat. With all the other fantastic choices mere steps away, I will always go elsewhere.A great looking place in the neighborhood, but sadly disappointing service. We came on Wednesday last week, the place mostly quiet, but the bartender was stressed, and was neither friendly or attentive. The same could be said for the manager/owner who came behind the bar and greeted us all with a dour look.  A decent cocktail, but. we decided not to stay and eat.  Big on design, but lacking otherwise.--over all atmosphere not very encouraging for future visits with so many other options close by.We went there for brunch and enjoyed ourselves. I like the worldly concept of the menu and clean, updated interior. Seems like the owners put thought into it. The beer menu had an interesting point or two so my husband tried a beer he hadn't had and I tried the Bywater Bomber daiquiri. The daiquiri was lovely, light refreshing. The rosewater ingredient was a nice touch. I recommend stopping by for breakfast because the portions are good and the atmosphere is relaxing.Ok. The Bywater has officially become uncontrollably hip and if you somehow hadn't noticed before, well, now you know, and here is the new official headquarters. Check it out. I came yesterday, and despite minor kinks in the service, (they just opened), the food, drinks, concept, vibe, err'thing, was pretty awesome imo. Taco trio = awesomeness.So disappointed in the service and experience here. I brought 2 out-of-town guests to booty's for breakfast (one of them happened to be a professional chef) and we all left totally unsatisfied, still hungry, disappointed, I, embarrassed. We were the first table to be seated that morning, yet the last to be served. Not only that, but there was about a 10-15 minute pause in between when each of our three entrees was delivered. (We should've just stayed in the 45-minute wait at Elizabeth's - we would've gotten our meals sooner there!) The food didn't make up for things. Portions tiny, a breakfast appetizer at most. On top of it all, the one server on the floor avoided eye contact, didn't check in with us, and was hardly apologetic when clearly she knew the service had been terrible. The bottom-less cup of self-serve coffee may have been the only redeeming aspect of the morning. I hope the manager takes some of these critiques to heart. I live in the neighborhood, have tried to love booty's, but out of three experiences there, only one was okay, the other two were outstandingly bad. I will not be giving Booty's another shot or recommending it unless there's a major turn over in service and delivery.Made a reservation for a large party so we were required to get the tasting menu. We had some big eaters so we went with the 9-course menu instead of the 5-course one. (You are required as a table to choose one.) When I asked the waitress if she could do a separate check for me and my date she made a face and said, "I can but I don't want to..."
Wow.
The meal took 3 hours. THREE HOURS! Some of the food came out quickly while other dishes took 30-minutes or more. By the end some of our party had to leave because it was 11:30 at night and they had to work the next day. And the waitress and kitchen forgot about our last course (the ceviche) but we were relieved because we just wanted to be done already. They did try to charge us for it, however.
I actually enjoyed the food but the service was truly awful. You can believe all the other reviews on here that say that. I won't be back here again.Waiter read my mind about everything! 
* Pinnacle tamarind mock tail (sour spice!)
* Kimchi tacos, extra smokey.
* Chicken on a stick!!!
It's fancy w/ a modern aesthetic, and still street food, in flavor.Amazing food, great service, good value.
This has always been a favorite lunch and dinner spot, and the weekend brunch is also highly recommended. The food is delicious and unique. The servers are knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly.
I brought a friend who is a real foodie from out of town here for lunch one day. He loved it so much that he insisted we go back the next day.I agree with others on the ambiance and decor. Bravo.  
Also on service - rock solid for a young place. 
Food - a few decent items, but I do hope you guys can get a clearer picture of where you are headed.  I can't tell if, on the ceviche for example, you are telling me you want to riff on ceviche or replicate it.  Hard to understand. Shrimp was tasty, tomato salsa fine.  Popcorn on top? I don't understand. If you go there, wow me with the popcorn, don't make me wonder if it was popped yesterday or microwaved. 
Other elements just didn't scream fresh to me.  Fries looked frozen at other table so we didn't order them. Fried korean dumplings just looked tired on the plate.
Even more disappointed on the drinks.  I ordered horchata and it tasted unlike any horchata I've had. I am left wondering - do you guys know what a Horchata is or am I not getting the riff you are making? If you are riffing, tell me that up front. I actually looked back at the menu to see if this was a twist on a Horchata. 
There is some real potential here for you all, but I didn't feel confident about whether you were willing to keep it fresh and simple enough to make me feel comfortable about what to expect. Otherwise the street food from everywhere comes across as an attempt to lower my expectations. 
Cautiously optimistic about the next trip.
EDIT: Adding a star for the incredibly honest feedback from bartender and owner. Major props.Food is creative though a bit off from the authentic source item. Ramen was interesting if slightly saltier than normal. Service was solid as was ambiance. Drinks were OK.  They were either on the overly sweet side or were dominated by one flavor. Don't expect Cure level nuanced cocktails, but for the price its worth trying at least one or two to start your meal off with. Parking is on the street and free.Hopped on a cab with ze boo and checked this little spot out.
Felt exactly at home, just like in Bmore! Super extensive craft beer list, featuring many brews from Louisiana and Mississippi, cocktails, and generous vino pours. Sat at the bar, chatted to the folks running it, and ate some fried tubers aka thick cut delicious french fries.
They even accept Bitcoin!
Loved this place. Would be my neighborhood hang if I lived here.Overpriced but not entirely worth missing. One of the only decent cups of *regular coffee* in town, just don't expect them to know what a cappuccino is. Two times I ordered one (they boast using Stumptown beans), I received a 16oz latte. 
Valentina served us our first few times and DID manage to make us very high quality cappuccinos! She is also incredibly friendly, very professional and good at managing a full bar. We really enjoyed her service, it was our return trips, with other bartenders, that were a disappointment.
The owner checked in with us, but it felt like faux hospitality, like we were more of a bother than anything. 
The food itself was certainly okay, but nothing to write home about. I'd recommend the fries, skip the pupusas and the shrimp. 
We did make a purchase at Booty's that made our entire trip better: a bag of Stumptown coffee beans.
The decor of this place is a little too hipster, but it's still cute. They have a rotating art show in the bathroom- kitschy and interesting, the right kind of tacky.
Booty's left us with very mixed emotions.Finally got a chance to have dinner at the Bywater's latest hot spot and was sorely disappointed.
Unfortunately I can't tell you exactly what we had but I had some sort of steak on a stick in a cup. I think it was Korean. It was cold, overly charred and bland.
My husband had ramen with a soft boiled egg and pork belly. I thought it was okay but he found it inedible. It was bland (I guess that's why they gave us Sriracha sauce) and the noodles were undercooked.
The fries were good but I ordered two aioli sauces - one was great, the other was even blander than mayo. 
The service was good and the decor is appealing. But I'll likely only ever go back for drinks, if even that. 
Oh, and previously I tried to get coffee one morning. But I drink lattes with flavor. They don't offer flavors so I tried to order a mocha. Nope. Just straight up coffee. Fine for some, but not me.I so badly want to give this place at least a 4. 
The setting is beautiful, the homemade hot sauces were great, the cocktails were varied and interesting, and the service was great, albeit slow. 
Every single dish on the menu sounds fantastic, but when it came down to it, the food really fell below expectations. The french fries were good, but that was about it. Perhaps it had something to do with the heat lamps not working (I'd be shocked to think that this makes such a big deal), but the food was served semi-cold, and was really, really disappointing, considering how much potential it seemed to have had. The shrimp curry was bland, the shishito hot peppers were fine (cold), and the Acra's st. martinique (Shrimp, coconut, scallions + orange fritters, jalapeno-honey sauce) was..bad. The shrimp was low quality and the dipping sauce was really weak. I'd like to think that this was a bad night, and hope to come back in the future when they've worked out the kinks, or perhaps try different things.
For now, great for cocktails.I love love love appetizers and Booty's is like one long list of appetizers. Everything is unique and different from the next. Some stuff is more filling, like the Vietnamese poboy, but mostly everything I've had there is a small plate. I love that because I can eat all the foods! It's a very small and intimate space, but I have gone around 8ish on a Saturday and had no trouble getting a seat for two. We had two different people visit our table and both were really nice and welcoming. 
We ordered drinks and after a mild wait time they arrived and we went ahead and ordered a few snacky things. I had the crispy Korean dumplings and they were so yum! They came in an order of three, which I wish was four to make it an easier split. Next time, I will know to just order two of them because sharing is not gonna happen next time. The soy citrus dipping sauce really made the dish for me. It was able to marry all the components of the dumpling perfectly. The Bahn mi was really good and fresh tasting. The only downside is the bread and other toppings sort of drown the pork belly flavor so the star of the show ends up being in the chorus. I think if the bread was thinner and had less of the strong flavored greens the sandwich would be more balanced. 
After our food, we were in the mood for more drinks, but didn't want to be rude and hog a table so we offered to move to the bar, but our server insisted we stay and enjoy ourselves for as long as we like. I think that was my favorite part, so many restaurants want high turnover to make more money (which I get), but it was nice to not feel obligated to pay and leave just because we were finished eating. We ended up staying for two more rounds of drinks. 
Booty's has everything I like! Good atmosphere, friendly staff, a well made cocktail, great food, and all without breaking the bank. That just doesn't always come in the same package.Do not go there hungry. It's really really small plates. I'm glad I went for lunch. It is really street food from all over the world, which is cool and different. It's a quaint, nice atmosphere. The staff was very nice. My boyfriend and shared a couple plates and he wasn't impressed at all, I think it was because he was hungry(had to feed him an hour later). I really enjoyed the plantains. I will probably go back for brunch just to check it.Just moved to the neighborhood and finally checked Booty's out after hearing nothing but great things. The food was great, and the bar was much more extensive then I thought! If you're lucky enough to have Ted as your bartender, make sure you mention if you have a hangover...he'll take care of you!! :)I like this place. I really like the concept of street food from around the world. I enjoy tying all different kinds of cuisine. I am not picky and find that experimenting with different foods is like an awakening of the senses.  Restaurants like this are fun, comfortable and inspires you to experiment with many different food items. I like food from all over the world so if you do, you will like this place too.  I have sent a couple people, one who himself is a chef and owns his own restaurant to Booty's.  They didn't care for it and much as I.  Mainly because of the service was poor when they were there.  It had lacked during my visit too.  Once, they took pretty long to first come over to our table. I think they just missed us entering.  Next time I went they messed up my friend's order and gave him someone else's.  However, they graciously let us keep the dish and brought his correct dish out pronto and were very friendly.Ate at Booty's 3 times and have had mixed experiences, mostly for the worst.
First time, we went there for dinner. It was opening weekend, so I'll cut them a little bit of slack that time for the crappy service. I had forgotten my ID at home and the waitress refused to serve me a cocktail without it, so I had to drive ALL the way back uptown just to get it. When some friends showed up later and the servers were slammed, she didn't even ask to see theirs. Food took forever to come out, which would have been bearable had they checked on us more frequently for drinks. Paying at the end was a nightmare, as they had everyone close out their respective tabs on an IPAD.
In spite of the crummy service, I still came back because I actually kind of liked the food. Next time around, a few months later, I had a decent meal there with a girlfriend and brushed off my previous experience as an opening weekend fluke.
Third time I came there for lunch with a coworker and realized the service had regressed back to opening weekend. The server slammed the menus down as we sat and ran off before we could ask for some waters. Over 10 minutes later, after acknowledging pretty much everyone else in the restaurant (including bringing waters to people seated AFTER us), we finally got her attention and asked to order. When I ordered the Bywater Bomber as a drink, she informed me of the Yelp drink special and that we'd get a free Bywater Bomber for checking into Booty's on Yelp. So check in we did, and we showed her our online vouchers as proof.
We got our Bombers and then thought, hey this isn't so bad after all! We were wrong. The waitress did not come by to check on us once after that. We relied on the helpfulness of server who brought us our food for the rest of the meal. When we were finally fed up with the crummy service and mediocre food, we attempted to get the attention of the waitress to ask her to bring the check. After multiple failed attempts we finally caught her eye. She came back with the check and stood there impatiently as we fumbled for our cards. Feeling rushed, we did not review the bill and just asked her to split it down the middle. Unfortunately because the meal had taken so long and we were in a hurry, we  did not realize until after we left that she had in fact charged us for those free Bombers. I called the restaurant back to inform them what had happened and they were kind enough to offer us free drinks next time we came back, but I don't think even a free cocktail would be enough to get us back there.The drinks are a bit expensive for such a small amount. And my crepe was soggy... won't be going back unless I'm desperate or if it's free.Booty's is hands down my favorite bar in New Orleans. Their cocktails are the perfect mix of sweet and strong, and they have a rotating menu so there is almost always something new to try. The orange flower-type spray that they put in some of their drinks is crazy delicious. 
Their food is also yummy. The ramen comes with the broth in a teapot . . . adorable! And I've always found the bartenders and waiters to be really friendly, and the atmosphere is generally warm and lively.
Nothing not to love.Ok. Review number one from our New Orleans trip. I arrived on Friday night and had made reservations based on some of the reviews i read. I wanted to see what kind of twist N.O could put on these famous and well-known street food classics. There were 5 us at dinner. First, i love the fact that Booty's is off the beaten path. I had the empanada, ceviche, mofongo, and banh mi. The ceviche was good, and they pretty much naied the traditional flavors with the leche de tigre. The empanada was very good. It had a nice smokey flavor to it. I can't attest to the originality of the banh mi, as this is my first, but it was very well flavored and texturally contrasting. My girl loved it. The mofongo was great. It used yuca, which was perfectly crunchy.My girl had dumplings (which were delicious!). Definitely a hipster place, but the food is on point!! A couple of people had the Brazilian grilled cheese cheese. My lady's mom had the special which was a Trinidad burger served between two big tostones (fried green plantains). It was perfectly seasoned and cooked to the perfect doneness.. I tried it and it was pretty good. For dessert we had the plantains in caramel sauce. BANGIN!! get them. The drinks were also all very good. Service could have been better, but it was busy, so it is understandable. I'm very glad i came across this little gem in Bywater. It's a cool place for groups to come drink, share food, and ENJOY!!!Food was delicious. Everything I tasted was so good. I.recommend going with friends abd sharing plates. Owner Nick also came over to our table and spent time talking with us. Awesome guy. I can't wait to go back and try the brunch and dinner menusHow can you possibly not love a place with a dessert called Elvis, a doughnut-ish pastry with strawberries, bananas and bacon (served with vanilla ice-cream), which is actually really tasty???
But Elvis, powerful as might be, is by no means the only reason I love Booty's. Let me try to name a few others:
1. The food is really really good. I have so far tried three of the "featured country" menus (changing weekly and available for dinner only) and I loved all of them. Last week's featured country was Italy. An Italian friend of mine said that the zeppoli reminded him of those his grandma made, and that's a huge complement.
2. The drinks are delicious and interesting.
3. With free wi-fi and outlets by every table, the place is very laptop friendly.
4. I love the (changing once a month) bathroom decorations.
5. Just about each and every one of the servers is wonderful.
6. It is refreshing to visit a place that actually takes their Yelp promises (freebie for checking in) seriously. I've been to quite a few places where I was told "Oh, we don't even have this item on the menu any more". Not here. Yelp promises a free Bywater Bomber (a really tasty frozen drink) for a check-in and that's exactly what you get. And you can claim it once a day!
Whether to have a meal, or to just hang around with my laptop and a drink, it has become one of my favorite spots in the neighborhood.Good food. Not the greatest customer service. Waitress did try to make up for mix ups with complementary zeppole.Takin the soul train to Booty Town y'all!!! Great atmosphere, great service but above all outstanding food. Ready your tastebuds for a gastronomical experience because that's what takes place at this magical place called Booty's!This place is fantastic, such a cool place to get some awesome food.
p.s. check out the bathrooms!Arrived at Booty's at 6:30 PM on a Saturday night. We walked right in and sat. It took forever for me to get a drink. The bartender came from behind the bar to my table.  I didn't see a waitress until 20-30 minutes later. Then I didn't see her for the rest of the night. The manager waited on us. Service is so so, but the food was delicious. 
Def try the daiquiris. You won't regret it. 
As for the food, anything you get will be good. Try the empanadas, curry, and the fries. The fries have a peanut sauce to dip. They are also served with bacon. I was upset that they didn't have the cheese that I usually get on the menu.Booty's, you had me at the unicorn pirate logo. Not only is the concept & design for this place wonderful (the best street food from cities all over the world) but the food and drinks do not disappoint. Their attention to detail adds such a nice touch. From the menus, to the rotating art installations in the unisex bathrooms, to the finely crafted cocktails... I can't get enough BOOTY! If you want to beat the crowds go for lunch, if you want a fun crowded atmosphere go at night! Either way you should check in on your yelp app... you'll thank me later ;)I'm so happy to see this awesome new place in the hood! First, the decor is spot on. Love, love the vibe going on here! 
I have been a couple of times now for dinner and cocktails and everything has been delicious. And very reasonably priced too. Cool crowd, good people watching and some very inexpensive beers from around the world makes it a fun drinking adventure! Although I had one too many of the huge Russian beers and couldn't continue drinking around the world! ;) 
The yuca dish & the shrimp were 2 of my favorite dishes. It's a very cool concept (street food from around the world) and hope these guys do well!This place is a rip. We were even ordering off the happy hour menu and I still thought it was a rip. If teeny tiny portions are your thing then this is the place for you. We spent   about $30 on food and $20 on drinks and left hungry. Had to go to the Joint after to satiate my date's appetite.Oh, Booty's your fries are really really great even though someone should probably correct me for it's actual name, idk. 
I come here very frequently. I come here for the coffee, I come here for the booze, I come here for the booze, I come here for the... booze? 
Since I know a few of the bartenders, it's cute to try the cocktails that the bartenders that you know have made. 
I feel like yesterday, I almost tried them all. Recommended (For a limited time): Protect your snacks, Stag Night, Hash Tag Blessed, and Margarita Meltdown. 
THAT SHIT IS TIGHT BUTTHOLE, YURT. 
I ended up here yesterday for three shifts of bartenders, I have a problem. You know what the though? I'm a fun guy. Stfu. 
Anyway. if you eat here, I would totally recommend sharing a thing. I mean, they're not the most expensive tapas but it's just kind of adds up, ya know? And I wouldn't recommend this place if you're starving to death either. I mean, at least for me- I really can down a whole entire box of pizza and then probably barf, but you know my EYES STOMACH AND HEART ARE ALL CONDITIONED TO BIG THINGS! 
So, yeah. The food is really good, but it's just a good like snacking because you drank so many things that didn't matter. 
SHOUT OUT TO ROYALE FOR MAKING THE BEST COFFEE IN THE WORLD 
SHOUT OUT TO JENNIFER FOR MAKING THE SECOND BEST COFFEE IN THE WORLD 
SHOUT OUT TO YA"LL LISTENING TO ME ABOUT ABSOLUTELY NOTHING 
WOOP!Sorry, this place is a joke. No no, really - it's worth going just for the laughs. When you picture hipster culture and style, what do you picture? If you're already offended, this place is for you. If you're still reading, expect to find every hipster cliche and punchline at Booty's. From the totally over-the-top stylistic choices of the interior and the over-priced but very underwhelming food, to the don't-give-a-crap-I'm-too-cool-for-this-job attitude of the waitstaff, Booty's is at once a representation of all that's trendy right now that when stripped away leaves little or nothing of substance. The only thing it was missing was a DJ playing with a turn-of-the-century Victrola. And the only good thing was the sazerac, even with its 20 minute wait. On the other hand, maybe the joke is on me! Is it possible that Booty's is a statement, an allegory of sorts, and that I just didn't get it? Oh I'm sure that I just didn't get it.Made it back to Booty's to try their food and I'm pleased to announce that I was very satisfied. I ordered the Banh Mi and cleaned my plate. I tasted my dining partner's dish (something with rice, pork, and avocado--can't remember the name) and thought his was great, too. Nice portion sizes and pretty presentation. The prices are more than fair for what you get. My latte wasn't as mind-blowing this time but it was still palatable. Our server was sweet but she never checked on us once our food had been delivered. I thought that was a little ridiculous considering how small the space is but not enough to remove a star from my rating.
I like that both times I've been in the owners have been present and helping out around the place. I look forward to coming in and trying some different menu items.I've been to booty's once for brunch and once for dinner.  Our brunch experience so much more fun, mostly because of the service.  (Brunch was so delicious and the server was excited to suggest food, etc.)  Try the cottontail drink and the pork belly pancakes!  
I work in the hospitality industry and understand not everything is a servers fault.  However, our server just seemed uninterested in our table.  My second drink wasn't rang in or brought out for a long time.  We ordered a bunch of food, so at first I thought they were coursing out all the food to share.  
However, neither of my dishes were brought out.  When I asked to cancel the order since we were finishing up, she brought out the dish which was alright but overcooked because it was probably sitting in the kitchen too long.  No apology or offer to buy it for us, just a "well it was made already..."  I'm not a difficult guest, just want to feel taken care of.
Really fun, interesting food, but service needs some help.Everything was just great: Service, atmosphere, cocktails, and food.  I love the concept of a world menu and split plates (I like to try everything).  We went on a Tuesday so it was pretty quiet compared to some other reviews.We are frequent visitors to New Orleans and plan on living there at some point. We love the Bywater neighborhood. Friends recommended Booty's so we thought we would give it a try. My husband, friend and I stopped by on a Tuesday night (we were warned not to try on a weekend) and the place looked nice and welcoming. After a confusing interaction regarding seating we decided to sit at the long table. We sat for long enough that I got up and checked at the bar to see if someone might bring us menus, water...after another five or ten minutes a bartender/waitstaff stopped by with water and menus and explained how to order. Then the real wait commenced...we watched as others who came in after had their orders taken and received drinks. I'm not one to be obnoxious about service but there were a few glances to indicate we were more than ready to order our food and drinks. After about fifteen minutes of being basically ignored (at one point someone buzzed by to say someone else would be by soon to take our order) we got up and left. We were all starving after a long day so our patience with this experience wore thin quickly. 
The food looked good, wish we had been able to try it. Went down the street to Maurepas and had a great meal with friendly, helpful service.
NOTE: I'm adding a star to the review as I was contacted by the management for feedback on my review. I'm hoping to visit there again and give it another try!Just another hipster place. Typing this while here. Service sucks, took 15 min to get water, then another 15 to place order than another 15 for my drink. With 5 others and all our foods came out about 10 minutes apart, and on top of it the orders were wrong.  As for the taste of the food nothing special. I feel like I am trapped in here and just want to get out.Yum!! Yum!!! Amazing brunch! Went there with four of my friends and none of us were disappointed. A really great spot to eat, drink coffee and have a good time!Disclaimer: This is the collective option of 4 rather opinionated foodies, and we've been eating at a lot of really good restaurants lately. 
Hipster style decor. Great looking menu. Tapas style, small plates, great presentation. Good cocktails. Bathroom art. Yay! 
But... the plates didn't live up to expectation. Food was very hit or miss.  I imagine mastering street food from all across the world would be difficult enough, but on top of that,  it seems like they wanted to reinvent every item on the menu. Nothing was done the way you'd expect. Sometimes the reinvention worked, sometimes it didn't. Generally, they were good at cooking meat and pretty terrible at vegetables. 
Cocktails: Sucker punch was delicious. Not too sweet. Delicate flavors. 
Greens: Mexican salad = flavorless coleslaw. Green papaya salad had no tang, no life, like almost shouldn't-have-been-served lifeless.
Meat: Mofongo had full comfort flavors. Yummy.Bootys is the total package. From the atmosphere and cocktails to the all of the delicious delicacies from around the world!! We will be back! And did I mention their awesome cocktails! Amazing.This place is awesome! Our server was super sweet and helpful with recommendations and the food was spectacular. Oh and they have bottomless. Stumptown. Coffee. Will definitely be back next time we're in town!What this restaurant is is  what we all wished a restaurant to be ..great food, I imagine home made totally, an unpretentious but modern and new menu of fusion food with the most trendy etnias of New Orleans, priced correctly and service that is caring and if Valentina is there it will add sweetness to the experience. ...we keep coming back and are not tired ....far fromCreativity is worthless without solid execution. I'm a local and I eat out 2-4 times per week. We'd been wanting to try this place for months and we chose today (my partner's birthday) to do it. 
We walked in, sat down, ordered 3 dishes, a latte, and a cocktail. The latte came first - it was room temperature so we asked the server to warm it up. Woo thanks, fine, not a problem.  Cocktail came, tastes great. 
Then the pakoras came -- I've never tasted a pakora so dry and dense. They're supposed to be light and airy, flash fried. Ok - that's not a problem because we had two more dishes. I brushed it off.
Ten minutes later the mofungo came. They get a star for a decent dish and great plating but I still wouldn't call it good. The pork inside the yuca was very dry, though the aioli was tasty. The place wasn't busy so it can't have been that. 
These dishes are small so they only take a minute or two to eat --- well 45 minutes later our other dish (Belgian fries) never showed up, plus our server disappeared and forgot we existed. We fully planned to try 3-4 more dishes and enjoy a few more cocktails, but we gave up and asked another server for our check. Of course the fries were on it. 
The plus? This other server was VERY sweet and comped us for the Belgian fries we didn't receive with a to-go cocktail. All in all, the food was ok, but by no means great... At least the 2 dishes we actually got. The service was abhorrent, albeit the sweet server at the end saved us from leaving hungry AND angry. We left and went to Mimi's, another tapas bar down the street. I might try it again for lunch one day, because it DOES have potential... But in the meantime I'm happy to give better restaurant recommendations to anyone looking at this place as a potential eating spot.I am from Australia - and anyone who has visited here will know we are serious about our coffee.  So, for me, one test of a good eatery is it's latte.  Booty's passes that test with flying colours!  Best coffee I had in the USA.  
So good in fact that we decided to go back and see what else was on offer.  Very glad we did.  The food is fantastic - interesting, varied and well presented.  The drinks are unusual and fabulous (try the tamarind one). The place itself is stylish.  The staff are outstanding. (We were visitors in the city and they went out of their way to give us good local information that really made a difference to our stay.) 
This place was a NOLA highlight for us.  Plus its in the Bywater neighbourhood - which is a worth a visit.Great variety of street food. They make excellent homemade hot sauce for the fish tacos!The decor is awesome and Booty's. The food presentation is good. I like the Fish and Chips! It is Northeastern Style and hard to find in NOLA. I have had all menu items and think all are good-great. It is a laid back environment so don't expect over the top service. It is a cool neighborhood joint with no pretense.interesting cocktails + extensive appetizer menu = a place to come back to
My drink was a Black Phate which was good but strong and syrupy.  I will try something else next time.  I am excited to try some of the veggie apps next time too.  Looked like there were 3 vegetarian ones...
To be continued....I wanted to like this place because of the hype, but I just didn't.  With all the other delicious places to eat in the city why bother. 
The good:
1) great atmosphere
2) fun logo! A unicorn and crossbones!  Wheeeeeee!
3) 2 stars for being edible.  (3 if it were delicious but it just was not!)
Here's the bad:
1) or food came out at different times.  The waiter said this would happen because it's "street food" so it will come out as its ready.  So I ended up getting all my food first and ate it and then my fiancé got all his food after he watched me eat mine.  I guess we are "supposed to share" but he has allergies so he couldn't eat what I had.  To me that seems like an excuse for the kitchen just doesn't know how or want to time stuff.
2) I wanted a coffee after we ordered but the waiter never came back until the food was there like 20 minutes later.  I ordered it but ended up actually receiving my coffee at the end after we had finished eating for 10 minutes and were ready to go.  The service here is bad.  Maybe hipsters like rude inattentive waiters?  
3)  really overpriced.  
With so many other places to go we won't be eating here again.Amazing. Creative. Fresh. Delicious. Flavorful. Wow!  My favorite of all the places we ate in NOLA during our one week visit.One of my favorite new places in New Orleans. I've had the empanada, tacos, dumplings, bahn mi, papadum and arancini and all of it was fantastic (EXCEPT for the tacos which were all pretty bland). The only drink I had was the boom boom and it wasn't that exciting; I probably won't have it again. The restaurant is a little pricey and I didn't leave with a full belly but it was still delicious and I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!Why is it only 3 1/2 stars?! I love it here! The decor is inviting and bright. There is a community table in the center of the restaurant, which I actually like. When I came, the restaurant was full so my bf and I sat at the bar where the bartender recommended the Bloody Maria when initially we ordered a Bloody Mary. Great recommendation. Nothing like a little buzz at 2:30 PM. The staff was friendly and atmosphere was lively. I ordered the KimChi Jeong and my bf ordered the Ramen. When the food came out the order was incorrect but they apologized and gave us the extra dish for free. It was a Banh Mi and very delicious btw. Glad they messed up that order. We only ordered two entrees but finished all 3 #fatties.
Reading my review you'll see that we ended up getting everything Asian on the menu. Totally didn't mean to do that. Love the idea of a restaurant based on street foods from various countries.
Bottom line, I love this place. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Highly recommended!Such a cool space, love that they are so environmentally friendly. We came here after exploring the area and it seemed like a cool spot for a brunch cocktail. The service was great, and the bartender was super helpful with tips about New Orleans. Haven't tried the food yet, but we may just have to stop back next time we're in town. The brunch food sounded delicious and was reasonably priced. They have an around the world theme, which is really cool. Beautiful decorated as well.
Update: came back for a chicken salad here a few days later than I still daydream about.. On my list of must-sees when I am back in New Orleans!Food was amazing (each dish was better than the one before it).  Free daiquiri was amazing- make sure you check in to get one!  This place is really comfortable and cool on the inside.  Our waiter was friendly and helpful, especially when we told him that it was our first time there.  The only downside was that the service got very slow once business picked up.  It took quite a while to get our check, even though there were people waiting for a table.  That being said, I will definitely go back to try the rest of the menu!I just got back from Jazzfest and we were able to make it to Booty's one night. Seriously. One of the best meals I've had in ages. The mofongo and ceviche were amazing. Siesta Fiesta was the perfect refresher after a day out at the fest.Ten people in the place for Sunday brunch and it took 10-15 minutes to get coffee. Then they forgot my drink, took another 10 minutes. one server and one other guy sitting at the bar eating and occasionally getting up to wait on the 2 people sitting at the bar, maybe a manager...? Coffee is good, as are the cocktails, but the food took a while and then had a piece of broken glass in my banh mi. Food was ok and server was friendly, but overall not too great a showing.Unfortunately, this place has really good food. 
I say unfortunately because the food makes you want to come back, but the slow terrible service makes you want to rip your hair out.
First off, no one seats you or even talks to you when you walk in, so after awkwardly standing at the door for a few minutes we make our way to the bar. No luck there getting anyone's attention about maybe getting our name on a wait list. A table near us leaves so we decide to sit down since there doesn't seem to be anyone waiting for it. After seating there for a good 20 minutes, a waitress comes around and tells us there MIGHT BE a two hour wait, but she needs to go check. 20 minutes later she comes back to give us menus. We're ready to order, but she leaves...for another 20 minutes. I could go on and on, but you get the picture. Don't eat here unless you have the whole day to do so. 
Also I feel like I should mention that I've been three times now and have had the same experience each time. I tried to give them a second (and third) chance, but I'm always disappointed. And It drives me crazy because it has a good concept, but street food is supposed to be good and FAST.The food was delicious. Had the breakfast burrito and Amsterdam fries. The coffee was also tasty and strong. The service was a little slow for so few people in the restaurantBootys is one of the most spectacular restaurant/bars I've been to in NOLA. I've never tried anything on the menu I didn't like. The staff is unbelievably friendly and always so pleasant. The cocktails are incredible...you haven't lived until you've had a Bywater Bomber. This place is absolutely magical. Skull and crossbones logo? Nah, try unicorn & crossbones. Monthly art installations in the bathrooms? Yes, please!We only had two nights in NOLA and went to Booty's both nights. Yup it's that good! Amazing flavors, atmosphere, drinks, and service.I was in New Orleans for four days and managed to go to Booty's THREE times. Here's how that shit went down.
VISIT ONE:
Boyfriend and I visited after going to Maurepas Foods. We sat at the bar and had awesomely cheap $3 cans of crappy beer (read: High Life & Tecate) and two different kind of pancakes. He got the badass kimchi and bacon ones, because he cannot resist either thing, ever. And I got the Thai coconut and banana pancakes, because sweet breakfast foods and I are real good friends. Service at the bar was friendly and prompt and the food was just filling enough (after we had previously eaten). Had we not previously eaten, we probably would have felt compelled to share a third plate. But. An awesome first visit, across the board.
VISIT TWO:
Boyfriend was at work and I was waiting for my bike to get fixed and was STARVING, so I walked BACK over to Booty's and sat at the bar, where I got ANOTHER $3 High Life (this time in a tiny brown paper to go bag) and some awesome dumplings with ponzu sauce.
VISIT THREE:
We stopped in for a drink and a sandwich before I had to haul ass to the airport and just...did not have good luck with the bartender. We ordered one of the drinks on the chalkboard and she told us that she didn't know how to make it, so she texted the bar manager and then ignored us for 10 minutes. Then she got us both drinks and proceeded to ignore us for ANOTHER 15 minutes before coming by to ask if we wanted food. By then, we were sort of in a time crunch and could NOT figure out why she was just...not paying attention to two of the five people at her bar. So we skipped food because we didn't have time, slammed our drinks and tried to pay for...about 5 MORE minutes. So all in all, we spent about a half hour trying to get this chick's attention - which, considering how empty the place was at the time, makes ZERO SENSE and makes me sad, as a bartender who probably annoys all her customers by being all up in their faces, asking if there's anything I can do for them.
So, two visits out of three were lovely and wonderful and the third kind of sucked except I got to try their awesome frozen daiquiri, which is delightful.Great coffee.  Don't forget to check out the art in the two bathrooms.  Very nice decor, excellent and personable service. The concept is great though pretty ambitious and thus far it's still a work in progress. I want it to succeed so I hope they work on the food and keep improving.Good drinks, affordable food. The menu is about 70% perfection and has a bit more flavor development to do with some of the dishes. Happily surprised to find the owners are from Seattle, my hometown. The Cubano sandwich reminds of Paseo's, the fry bread reminds me of the food truck we can get on Cap Hill after a good night out. The winner is the hush puppies filled with shrimp, corn and onions. The hominy salad could be more flavorful. Overall good service and speedy food readiness. Would go back.Tried the Cuban dish. A lot more pork than I expected. great Stumptown COLD BREW. 
great ambience. has a warm industrial interior design which I tend to love. 
checked in and got a free Bywater Bomber which is a delicious alcoholic beverage. I'll definitely be heading back soon.If I were tied to one word to describe Booty's it would be: Different. The neighborhood is up & coming trendy like. The build out is vintage cool. The "street food" thrust is a little confusing as it leads you to believe you will be ordering from a chalk board via a sidewalk window, when in actuality its a lil more linen table clothish. The exposed brick and old Edison lights thruout come together & lends to a relaxed comfortable surrounding. The cocktails were the BEST Resturant liquor I have ever had. Someone is a real mixologist. The menu is "different" & takes some work to understand but the wait staff was very well versed & took time to explain.  The dishes are topes so the sharing made for some fun. Most dishes were great. Some were good and a couple errored a little to the adventurist. Six ate AND DRANK for $300 which given the product I feel was a bargain. I will go back.Great place, great food, great beer list, great service. Wow that's a lot of greats. So what more can I say...it's great!Seriously, the best coffee in town! 
Good service, everyone super friendly. Great new neighborhood spot.What a perfect way to start the day on Sunday! This place is very cool. Nice, small plates, so we could have a variety. I had the taboulleh, not like the traditional, but with quinoa. Very tasty. My husband had the ham and cheese crepe and the fruit crepe, with house made strawberry guava compote--delish! I also had the pupusas, which were good, but could have used a sauce for dipping. We shared the Amsterdam fries, with house made mayo and chimichurra sauce for dipping. The fries are clearly the best in the city, and worth the trip alone. I really want to go back and try more things. Worth the trip.I heard about this place right after it opened and immediatley wanted to check it out. I heard good reviews at first but then began hearing persistent criticism mostly about the food, both the quality and the price. Too much for too little was the refrain. So I decided it was time to visit this establishment myself. I was fortunate enough to be accompanied by two lovely dining and drinking companions whose opinions I respect a great deal. We arrived and sat at the center bar, a rather nice place to sit with good friends. The vibe of the place is good, and the service was excellent. We ordered cocktails first and we really liked them all. They were reasonable at $7.Then we switched to wine. There are not a tremendous number of wines by the class to choose from but what we ordered was good quality at a good price. Now the bad stuff- the food. It really didn't jump out. We ordered 4 dishes-grilled cheese (flavorless), fish balls ( ok if you can handle the rubbery texture), empanadas (very good), and the "Belgian fries." About the fries. We all agreed they did not appear to be the handcut fries we have come to expect in NOLA's finest.  Rather they smacked of frozen Ore-Ida and priced at $6! Crazy! If they were handcut, well, they need a new recipe. The prices in general though were not outrageous. All in all, I would come back for drinks but would go elsewhere for food.I had a lovely time at Booty's with my friends. The menu was interesting and everything I ate was either good or really good. My favorites were the dumplings and fried cheese on a stick. Some plates seemed a little under seasoned. The servings are small, but I didn't leave hungry, but it was pretty pricey. The service was great and the ambiance was fun on Saturday night. For dessert, I had the banana pudding type creation and it was weird. My companions weren't into it either, but the zeppoles were fantastic. This is a fun place to go out with friends and try new things.I really wish the service were better here because the food is really good. However, a surly inattentive waitress who never made eye contact or smiled and then forgot one of our orders (which she never realized because she never returned to our table to check on us) does not make for a good experience. I agree with a previous reviewer: this place seems to be inconvenienced by its customers. After giving it a few shots, the unequivocally terrible service will keep me from returning.Yum! We discovered this place just by chance--walking by. So glad we did! I ordered a tequila drink, Tiemblo I think. It was delicious, fresh herbs muddled in with cucumber. I haven't tasted anything quite like it. My husband and I ordered the ramen and the banh mi to share. And they were both really good---the banh mi was my favorite out of the two selections. Great service as well!
The place is quirky and hip and right up our alley. Love Bywater and all of the cool places to discover.Booty's
After hearing rumbles of very good tapas here, we drove over and dined.  This is another quirky ByWater semi-dive eatery. 
 We tried the Korean dish, which was similar to spicy pot-stickers fried to a crisp.  There was a Latin cupcake deal stuffed with pork, a cool Vietnamese sandwich-roll, and very-very good little shrimp taquitos on tiny crispy corn tortillas.  All were unique & very good.
Tab was around $56 for two, including drinks & pourboire..
Mixed crowd, some real cuties, not-so-cold cervezas, street parking, and a delayed departure for a night-after-the-night-after-Halloween "second line" were other features of our visit.
No disappointments @ "Booty's Street Food".  Think Eclectic, well-thought-out "tapas" from widespread cultures, World-wide; all excellent.
Definitely worth going-back.
RickWent for the first time tonight, have always avoided it because it's packed to the rafters, but tonight it was slow, so in we went.  A good choice.  Great staff in there, took a few recommendations.  Belgian fries, with curried ketchup and garlic mayonnaise, insanely tasty Vietnamese poor boy and the reason for the missing star in the review, an uninteresting, but edible pierogie. (The ones at Siberia spoiled me I think)... Since it was a cold night, I had a toddy, which was pure perfection, warm mint tea and a shot, nicely presented with cloves piercing an orange slice. I like the friendly staff.  I like cloth serviettes. I like destination menus.  I like that it's close to home. I like changing decor in the unisex lavatory. (My partner described the current theme as "hobo hippie sex party in the bayou"). I like the self conscious hipsterness of the whole place. Would I eat here again ?  Yes, absolutely.Fun restaurant, good food, great atmosphere.  Little short staffed but they they weren't rude just a bit of a wait once we were seated.I'm giving four stars, though that could easily be moved up to a five. 
Went with three friends last night, but one had already eaten. 
The place was packed when we got there. We put our name down at the register. The staff was very friendly. Totally hipsters, but really, really nice. We waited at the bar. 
Our table was ready in about ten minutes, maybe less. The table had checked out when we got there, but they stuck around.
We got a lot of food. We got the fish and chips (2 orders), the Korean dumplings (2 orders), the chicken thighs, the peroghi, the pork fritter thing (THE SAUCE FOR THIS THING - AMAZING DELICIOUS!). The only miss was the Brazilian cheese. I'm actually still not sure we got what we ordered. It was deviled eggs, olives, salad, and corn? There wasn't any cheese.... Yeah maybe the waitress misheard. The dish didn't work at all. They got our dessert order wrong as well, but it worked out. I was nicely full by the end of the meal. 
I cannot wait to go back.This WAS one of my favorite places to eat... Which makes it so disappointing that their service is so terrible. I have always been a big fan of this place and their food, so much so that I've been willing to overlook the bad service but I reached my limit. I went to eat brunch with two other people. We all ordered and the waitress brought their food out and I thought since I got the special maybe it was just going to take a little longer. Oh was I wrong. As I sat there eagerly anticipating the arrival of my meal and watched my friends enjoy theirs, time kept passing and still no food. Nearly 45 minutes passed and my friends finished their meal and our waitress still had not come by out table. Turns out, she forgot to put my order in completely and "didn't know how that happened".... Well I know. She wrote nothing down when taking our order and did not come back to the table to so much as give us water refills from the moment we sat down. As great as their food is, I'm willing to give it up for the utterly abysmal service they offer.Food was delicious and drinks were amazing! The staff there are really laid back and attentive. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar and no one else was in the place. So it was nice to talk about the food and everything else with the bartender and server. 
I do feel like the food portions were a little small for the pricing. I was definitely still hungry only an hour later after eating there. But I would go back to try some other drinks.I had been looking forward to going to Booty's and Im glad I finally got to go here. Its a very cramped space but getting a table didn't take very long. Their cocktail list was really interesting and the one I got was really delicious. 
The menu is interesting with a lot of dishes I would order, however all the things i did order were mediocre at best. I wanted it to be amazing food paired with the amazing descriptions, but alas. I did really like their Bahn mi though, I would maybe even consider going back just to pick one up!In the middle of dinner...They have excellent fries...that's all so far. 
Octopus very tough, not cooked right, I couldn't swallow it, it's on a napkin now. 
Empanadas, no taste, flour was undercooked.  
Peruvian Ceviche, not Peruvian, not citricy, barely any fish but lots of watermelon 
Yuca mofongo: ...I'm going to stop. 
This place is just disappointing. Gets 5 stars for the decor and ambiance but food 2-3 stars.As one reviewer put it, the food is mediocre. It is small portions, even for Tapas, and nothing that jumps out as special, unique or even delicious. Aside from the food being so-so, the service is HORRIFIC. We waited over an hour for a table, upon being seated our server never came to the table for another 20 minutes! Not even to bring water, menus, napkins, etc. The wait-staff could have cared less when we complained about the poor service and being neglected. The place is small so it is hard to accommodate a lot of people, but we were only a party of 3 and after waiting for over an hour the restaurant had cleared out and really slowed down. I would not recommend this place. It was extremely disappointing. Will not be returning.So we sit down, ordered decent  cocktails, and we decided to order a couple of small plates*. Their shrimp ceviche tasted as if Campbell's had a featured " NEW Two Shrimp, I Wish It Was Ceviche Special." Not to mention the popcorn served with it, tasted as if you were eating packing peanuts (stale as the popcorn you would find in a carnie's pocket).  So then came  the dumplings, which were okay, at best. I'm sure you would appreciate the free floss served with it. Yeah you guessed it, free floss as in au naturale keratin (human hair) embedded deep into the packing of the dumpling. Totally ruined any aspect of of the meal.  My advice go elsewhere. You're better off with a "Hungry Man" TV dinner. 
*Please note every portion  here feels rationed. At least they give you the feeling of what it's like to be Oliver Twist... "Please, sir, I want some more;" however, trust me you won't.I'm not sure why a lot are negative about Booty's.  I found the service fast and courteous, the drinks excellent, and the food great.  Granted, I do order/eat at the bar, so maybe that's it.  I will be back for more.I want to like this place so bad. but i just can't do it. In theory it's great, in practice they can't pull it off. Waited at least 10 minutes to be noticed after 4 of us sat down. Had to request menus and waters. Drinks are always so-so but not worth the money. atmostphere is great but not great enough that i can ingore how LONG you have to wait to get it. 
It's overpriced. I know they are small plates but its too expensive for he food you get. They bring your dishes out "as they are ready/" I'm calling bullshit. Unless you ony have one cook i can't quite understand. If Denny's can bring all the food at once and commanders can manage, they need to figure it out. It's awkward to eat while others in you party stare.
The food is mediocre. that's all. it's just ok and the price point is too high. The service is crap and usually they are out of at least one thing on the menu that is already small to begin with. Overall, i would say, dont let people convince you to try it, it's not good.this food, and even more the drink, IS mostly delish and fresh and interesting and all.  the service was just fine, and their $1 daiquiri per $10/food policy is awesome. 
however. i'm partial to the near unanimous consensus on the street, even among people--unlike me--who can afford to regularly go eat small plates: their portions verge on comically small, especially considering their price point, street food ethos, and location. 
you pay a bunch of money and everyone's still hungry. like: $4 for a pork taco whose tortilla fell apart before it was halfway finished? it feels like a ripoff. especially for someone (like me) who adores real street food above all else. and especially for new orleans, where restaurants are generally overpriced, but at least generally generous. 
i paid up and went immediately down the street for an actual meal at the joint.Booty's is a welcome addition to my already amazing neighborhood.  The owners of Booty's love to travel and have experienced the wonders of street food all around the world and wanted to bring their love for that to New Orleans.  It's a great idea and by serving everything in "tapas style" portions in fun ways (such as in a cone or on a stick), it enable you to try several different things off the menu -- which you will be thankful for because there are too many great items to just pick one.  
I'm a sucker for great craft cocktails and they have those too, but I'm currently pregnant so I'm unable to enjoy them.  Upon hearing this, our waiter suggested I try one of their awesome agua frescas and I'm glad I did!  They have more than just the standard Mexican agua frescas (I tried one that was traditional to Nigeria) and it felt great being able to enjoy a special and tasty drink without feeling like I was possibly hurting the baby.  We also had a blast touring the world from our table by picking all sorts of yummy things from their extensive and adventurous menu.  It's unique enough to have "hipster appeal" but seems more like a neighborhood joint to me.  There's a good mix of young and old from all different backgrounds which I prefer now that I'm in my mid-30's.  
We've been there several times since our first visit and admittedly always end up getting the pork belly as we can't stay away from it.  It's just absolutely PERFECT in flavor and texture, grilled just long enough to mix the flavor of char with the succulent meat.  It's not drenched in marinades that mask the flavor of the meat and is juicy and tender.  Just writing about it has made want to go get some!  I chose to focus on this one dish because it's stellar everytime, but make no mistake -- everything I've had there is great.  It's a small restaurant so it can get quite crowded sometimes.  I always try to go when it's not bursting with people (which is starting to get less and less often) but even when passing by at super packed times, I've never noticed anyone who seems to be waiting around for a table.Love this place so much that I went twice in 4 days. I hate seeing the word "curated" in reference to anything other than a museum, but this place really does feel like it has been curated by someone who cares about your experience. This is echoed in the attentiveness of the staff. 
First up, the decor. The bar is gorgeous; all glass shelves and metal pipes. And a giant unicorn skeleton painted on the wall. The tables are beautiful, industrial but not so much that you'd need a tetanus shot if you cut yourself. And they have purse hooks so you don't need to put your purse on the floor. (That's important, y'all!)
The menus are in plastic folders, and if you're curious enough to lift up the pages you'll find little souvenirs from all over the world taped to them. Weirdly, I found a train ticket from South Wales with stations that I would travel through at home printed on them. The design is like an old letterpress poster, with little holes punched out to tell you if the food comes from a cone, eat with your hands, or on a stick. I guess it's good to know what you're getting!
Food! Yay! From my two visits I tried the Belgian Fries with Curry Ketchup (you can choose 2 dips from a list), Questo Frito and Pakora. The fries were great. Not too much salt and the ketchup tastes fresh. The Queso Frito was 3 giant sticks of cheese that are fried in olive oil. So yummy. So naughty. And the Pakora... swoon. They're little vegetable fritters and they're served with poached onions and a curry sauce. I grew up eating a lot of Indian food and these taste like the real deal. Not overly spiced, just fragrant and delicious. I also had a vanilla ice cream with some kind of bread/biscuit thing. That was the only thing I wasn't crazy in love with because it was chewy, but the ice cream was perfect.
Cocktails! I had a Bad Manners, which is scotch, honey, champagne and some other things. None of the flavors are too overwhelming, and it's mixed very well. I also had a Kentucky 75, which is bourbon, orange, honey and some other fancy things. Again, delicious and well mixed. Their drinks menu is so good that it could also be a great place to go have a few drinks to finish off your night out. 
I highly recommend this for a date night, a night with the friends, or a pit stop on a night out. I will absolutely be returning again soon.Amazing neighbourhood - come here and go to Bootys, Maurepas, or Satsuma. 
Food was great! I got the noodle soup which was perfect for a rainy day. This is a good place to go if you're getting sick of fried stuff. Everything is very fresh and unique. 
This place was a little sleepy for lunch, but I would imagine gets poppin for dinner!I had high hopes for this one. Don't get me wrong, the decorations and set is lovely! Pretty cool lot up bar. Unfortunately it was abnoxiously WAAAY too loud. Granted that a group of like 30 people all walked in and took up the whole place. So really it's not their fault. Perhaps they were understaffed because after we got waters, the waitress disappeared and we never saw her again. After waiting about nearly 25 mins for somebody to come and take our order, we decided that perhaps it wasn't the best night to try this place out. So we left. 
Perhaps next time? 
Oh and THEY DO NOT HAVE REAL PUPUSAS.Love the food but the service is consistently slow and sometimes kind of aloof!This is my first time here, but my party of 5 ordered 10 or so different dishes plus dessert. I have to say, it's absolutely phenomenal. All the presentations were perfect, flavors were vibrant and creative, and the ice cream is phenomenal, especially the bourbon brown sugar ice cream with candies orange peel. I would suggest being aware that you will be eating off plates, so if you get ramen get ready for a bit of a mess. It's all totally worth it, if you haven't been here, I would highly recommend itCame with a group of friends and ordered one of each appetizers. The only good thing were the French fries with the sauces. Not worth the trip. Not sure if I'm coming back.The food here is delicious. I love the different creations the chef puts together and the availability of a lot of different types of food in one spot. 
I'd be sure to note that the kitchen is not receptive to changes or substitutions. The food on the menu are creations, and they prefer you leave the creations alone. 
The Kimchi Pancakes and the Brazilian Cheese dishes were great!
The Bywater Bomber daiquiri was amazing and definitely a fave on the cocktail menu.Went to Booty's while in town for the weekend. The food was great and the bartender was super sweet and friendly. Things took a turn when the weather turned into a monsoon with flash flood warnings, we could not get a cab to get back to the quarter. After waiting for a cab for over an hour the manager offered to give a ride! That is customer service above and beyond the call, I cannot recommend this place enough for the food, drinks, and rides back to your hotel!I have been waiting to review this place for a while and it is long overdue. 
I am a local and I am so happy to see how more and more delicious this place has become upon opening. Also their customer service has improved massively so do not judge the previous reviews on that subject because the current staff is pleasant and attentive. 
We were here last Wednesday with my husband and my dad who was visiting from NYC and we just pretty much ordered everything on the menu. Not a single dish was not delicious and flavorful! I highly recommend their Bywater Bomber.
We love this place and I'll continue to come here for the relaxed and pleasant atmosphere, Bywater Bombers and endless delicious plates of food to try in walkable distance from my home. 
I also recommend Bootys to all my friends visiting from out of town who want to try something other than French Quarter greasy Cajun food....love you guys!Slow service, small portions. Menu could have been more descriptive. Left out important details.
My favourite problem with 'New American' style restaurants is the lack of understanding that not everyone likes that style but may have friends that do, so a safe option or two on the menu will leave everyone happy.Great selections. Authentic taste and fresh-prepped ingredients. Care taken in every dish preparation. Great drink selection from wines to cocktails.  Ate here a number times over a couple of days and everything was great.  Crepes with Nutella and banana. Scrum-diddly-umptious!Brunch was fantastic. Loved this place. If ever I return to NO, I will definitely come here.As we skipped down Dauphine a startling realization came at the grumbling in my lovers belly, we were in dire need of brunch. I, in search of traditional fare, and her, desiring something pan-Asian. But how to compromise!? Our heads lowered and we walked in thought and expected to spend the meal separated by culinary choices. BUT WAIT! What was this!? Vietnamese Brunch with Stumptown coffee! Shangri-La indeed! We burst through the doors with a fervor and a grumble of belly loud enough to wake a sleeping jazz musician, and were promptly greeted by the ever attentive and knowledgeable Cheyenne. She navigated us deftly through the menu and we opted for the Bahn Mi and the Arepas with a Bottomless Bomber to wash it down. Not fifteen minutes later those grumbles and rumbles were replaced with ooo's and coo's. It was then I died of happiness. Please have my smiling remains cremated and placed above the bar. I can think of no where else I'd rather haunt. Thank you.Bootys is a small restaurant bar located in the hipster bywater neighborhood. I've been here a couple times now and think the food and drinks are great! A wide mix of fusion dishes, from latin to asian to italian. The menus are very creative and of high quality food. The tastes are amazing. One day I had the mofungo and another I had the fish and chips. My only complaints would be portion size but in their defense the prices are reasonable. Also they usually only have one front of the house worker so if a wave of people come in service can be a little slow. Overall great experience and plan on returning many many times.
P.S. - with the yelp check in you get a free bywater bomber....housemade frozen daiquiri.I was pleasantly surprised at this place. Got there right after opening time for brunch at 9am last Saturday. There was only one other couple and one or two at the bar. The décor is really cool to look at. Just wait till you see the bathroom. Our waitress was really cool and the guy behind the bar welcomed us and said goodbye as we left. 
I got a ham and cheese crepe. Delicious. Unlimited coffee that you serve yourself which I like. No waiting for refills. 
Can't wait to try this place for dinner and sample a few cocktails or beer.I attempted to go to Booty's for lunch today with four of my friends. We had all been several times in the past and have had positive experiences, however today was different.
I was the first to arrive, and I asked for seating for five. The female server looked around, said they weren't able to put tables together, and asked if we could sit at the community table. I said "Sure, I guess that is fine." Two of my friends arrived a minute later, they ordered coffee, and I asked about a hot toddy (but they were unable to make it), and then we started looking around the restaurant and noticed that about three other groups of people had pulled their tables together. When the waitress came back with coffee mugs, I also asked her for a coffee, and she said that we could get our coffee at the coffee bar in the next room. When she brought me my mug, I pointed out that several other people had pulled their tables together and asked if that might be a possibility for us. She informed me that it was against fire code and said that they were trying to keep some tables available in case people came in from Mirliton Fest. I told her that didn't really make sense, and then she rolled her eyes at me. After we walked to the coffee bar to fill our mugs and the coffee was out (and upon telling our waitress we received a less than polite "Ok, I'll make more.), we decided to leave. We had a much better experience down the street. 
Hopefully Booty's can address this problem because in the past we have had nothing but great service and food. One poor server can ruin it.Oh how I love Booty's! It was definitely love at first sight and BITE. Or more like a Foodies Playground. I also follow their Instagram page for all of the photo updates.While this restaurant is attractive and hip, I'd never go there again with a group. The (very snarky) waiter pressured us to order the tasting menu (a whopping $34 per person), which is really about 70% fried food and quite mediocre. AND I got a free drink for checking in, but then discovered after paying the ($400) bill that it was charged to us. The waiter's response: "oh, next time you come in, we'll give you a free drink."  Huh? No apology? Sorry, but there won't be a next time.A very unique place! This place has all types of different food from different places. I came here for brunch and ordered the ramen that contained an egg and pork belly. The ramen wasn't bad, it wasn't salty like what some other people said in the reviews awhile back. I also got the Belgian fries, which were also good. I want to come back for their lunch and dinner menu. 
The food is here is definitely different and worth a try if you want to try something new. I kind of wish there were more options for the brunch menu, and the portion sizes were bigger. But who knows, maybe it's different for lunch and dinner.Oh man was this incredible! We talked with the amiable chef Octavio for a bit and on his recommendation, ordered the Cubano sandwich and dishes bombed with unique flavor and great to share. Excellent cocktails and a daiquiri that shames the rest.The dominatrix that is Booty's.. why is your service so bad?! On my last visit following a wonderful evening at Krewe du Vieux and a famished walk over to the Bywater, I seriously contemplated why I keep going back or recommending them.. is it because of the giant unicorn on the wall, or maybe the artistic bathrooms, or maybe because I crave the Ramen with a nice glass of wine before bedtime. Whatever the reason, I've been a reluctant regular since the opening, I tend to go for dinner and sit at the bar- so this is biased in that regard, but always the same dissatisfaction ensues.. I hate to take it personal as if my look or company is deserving of being ignored or treated as novice, but after reading the other reviews, I see that other locals are getting the same experience. I really want to love this place, but considering the many other options in the area and around town in terms of "world" cuisine, even if the food is okay to craveable, the service leaves me empty and with a proverbial bad taste in my mouth. As enticing as it seems to bring people here for the aesthetics, I get anxious at the the thought of them not getting the NOLA service standard. Sorry Booty's, you're pretty, but  just too rough; I'll miss you as a go-to.Five freakin' stars y'all. Because Booty's excels in 5 amazing ways:
1: DRINKS. Check in on Foursquare the first time you go and get their daiquiri on the house. Calling it a daiquiri doesn't even do justice to this drink. It's Old New Orleans Rum, fresh fruit juices, rose water and Booty's Bitters. And it is heavenly. Follow it up with a horchata spiked with Old New Orleans Rum because rum is delicious and don't ask questions.
2. FOOD. Now my fellow Yelpers have pointed out that not everything on the menu is a slam dunk. They're right, so ask your server what's good and go with your gut (especially if your gut is yearning for pork belly). Skip the fries, but if you have a chance to get the curry ketchup then for goodness sake, you know what to do. Don't act like the yuka mofongo is too pretentious because it is a party in your mouth and you know it. And the banh mi is  perfectly sized to share and crazy delish. Booty's is obviously taking your notes, Yelpers! Rejoice!
3. SERVICE. You guys. Ask for Dane. I'm sure there are other delightful servers at Booty's, but Dane is the best I've seen on this side of the city. He gave fantastic suggestions and wasn't frustrated when we asked him a thousand questions. He is obviously passionate about Booty's and art and life. We had mentioned that it was our anniversary at the beginning of the meal and, when we were almost crying over the fact that we were too full for dessert, he brought us complimentary fruit pies to celebrate our special day. He is the nicest and I am going to have to convince him to be my best friend.
4. LOCATION. For those of you who already frequent the Bywater, you can skip ahead. For the rest of you, what are you even waiting for? This area is gorgeous and new and exciting. Don't get me wrong: I love the classic New Orleans gems. But I also love arancini and homemade ice cream. So basically what I'm saying is that there are lots of ways to eat your weight in fried stuff down here so mix it up a bit!
5. BATHROOMS. What? YEAH. Their bathrooms are ART INSTALLATIONS and it's called BYWATERLOO and HOW HAS NO ONE THOUGHT OF THIS BEFORE? Visit soon so that you can experience Big Freedia's installation called 'Azz Everywhere.' I'll say it: this is the best bathroom in New Orleans. Prove me wrong. I dare you.Our group loved Booty's last Saturday night.  We found the menu overly complicated with all the symbols (served in a cone, stick, or eaten with your hands), but we found the food excellent and the portions generous.  Consensus was the fish tacos are among the best we have ever eaten.  And the plantains with queso fresco and brown sugar syrup is recommended for dessert.  We enjoyed a quiet table and appreciated the fact the music was not too loud.  Highly recommended."Booty's";  UpDate
As this is on one of my regular routes, we have been here several times now.
My prior thoughts have been reinforced:  QUIRKY, very good, different, & definitely worth a try.  
No eatery can be "all things to all people", but I bet that every living soul can find something to love here.
This "Booty's" certainly beats the pants off other nearby places !  I live here and frequent many of the restaurants in this same area.  
Even our grandkids, ages 17 to 23, love Booty's !
Ayer les bon mangers, Chere !
RickI wish it were possible to give -5 stars. This place had HORRIBLE service. It took over 3 hours to do the 5 item tasting menu. Yeah we get the point of enjoying the dining experience but not 45 minutes between each bite of food. The wait staff was unapologetic and didn't care that we were waiting for very long. Would not recommend.Booty's was one of my favorite restaurants in town.  Located in a way cool neighborhood and open long hours and staffed by competent and very friendly people, Booty's had it all.  It still has all those things except the food has gone well down the hill.  I am no sure what happened - new owner, new manager, new chef or all of the above but the attention there must shift back to the kitchen before we lose them altogether. 
The imperials rolls were deep fried way too long and had become blackened.  Booty's does have a idiosyncratic menu but an imperial roll it was not.  The vegetarian taco which used to be an interesting complex of veg ingredients was garbanzo beans and curry.  The tamale needed to be cut by a sharp knife they were so tough which might have been because they were cold and perhaps old but I am not sure.  
Look the concept is great but the owner manager has lost focus on quality food.  I hope they get it back soon.Coffee! That's what i want to start with. We were vising New Orleans from Denver and had a heck of a time finding a good place that serves espresso and decent coffee. This was the only place that had what we were craving.  These guys carry Stump Town Coffee and do a pretty good job at executing lattes and cappuccinos. 
Next, the decor is great! No, it not traditional, and yes it is young and hip but I am dumbfounded why someone would have a problem with that. Don't get me wrong, I loved all the traditional food and restaurants I visited and the food was fantastic. But this place is unique, and I love the unicorn. If you have timer talk to the owners Nick and Kevin, they can explain the special meaning of the unicorn.
Food! This is a SMALL PLATE place, or tapas. They are meant to be shared! you are supposed to get 3-4 or more dishes. I personally loved everything we tried. Yes there is room for improvement but don't forget they have only been open for 2 months! I also had a Moscow Mule and it was delicious. 
This is a great place for a date or just a fun meal. Hipster or not, keep your mind open to new things and I promise you won't be disappointed.yum yum yum. I went at the premier of the spanish dishes. It was great. I dont even know where to begin this review... service, food, fives across the boardvery hipster wanna be bar in bywater that would be better suited in Brooklyn NY than NOLA. incredibly small portions of a multicultural menu that will not tide you over. if you're looking for a meal or some down home New Orleans fare this is not the place to go.Food is excellent! Depending on what you get portions may very in size. Like the tacos are small but it was good.First off, I want to say the restaurant is beautiful. I love the idea of turning the bathrooms into a mini art gallery (and they're also gender-neutral), the menus are easy to read and pleasant to look at, they serve water in reused wine bottles and give you reused jars to drink out of... I was pretty impressed at face value. I even got their Bywater Bomber for free after checking in. Amazing daiquiri. 
My date, on the other hand, had to wait for his drink 20 minutes longer than I did. They forgot to make it, I suppose, so after a friendly reminder they served him. It was a Sunday evening, it was pretty busy and I didn't think much of it when our waitress disappeared for 10-15 minutes before taking our food order. I was surprised, though, when it took our food an hour to get to us. At least they gave me another drink to tide me over.
There is far too much variety in the menu. Belgian fries, kimchi pancakes, tacos, this crispy flour tortilla topped with beets (i think it was the pupusa?) We did order those. Our theory is that the cook had too much of a hard time making these dishes because they didn't really share ingredients or cooking methods. I mean, an hour for fries? Were they chopping the potatoes soon after we ordered? C'mon. Though they tasted good with the sauces, I wasn't impressed by them. For what you pay, it's really lacking. 
I also had the tacos -- two fish one shrimp. The shrimp tacos were delicious, but I think it was the sauce that made it so. The fish tacos were dry and didn't have much flavor. I tried a little bit of the beet dish I mentioned earlier, and though it was small, it was delicious, too. 
Overall, the food was pretty good. But the service could use some improvement. Yeah, the waiters/waitresses are pretty hip and trendy, the presentation was great but when it takes an hour to get food... ain't nobody got time for that. I'd go back in maybe three or four months -- after they get their act together.
Also, I can't help but think of those poor ladies who ordered dessert the same time we ordered our food. They also waited an hour for a nutella crepe (I think that's what they ordered). At one point, a waiter told them it would be five minutes. Fifteen minutes later, another person told them five minutes. They walked out 15 minutes after that and never saw the dessert :(
I was looking forward to dessert, but we were afraid of the same fate.This was an unfortunate trip.  After hearing all the hype I was severely disappointed.
Servers are very nice.  Ambience also very nice.  Food was the biggest let down.
Sauces with fries the best though the chimichurri was a bit salty.
Octopus was WAY overlooked.  I couldn't get through one bite. 
Ceviche had more watermelon than fish.  Pita crisps were old, stale and chewy.
The tortillas were burnt on the fish tacos. The fish was bland, and the fresh fruit salsa was actually delicious.
The cauliflower and curry on lentil crisp was bad. Lentil crisp pretty tasty resembling a taste of pork skins. Cauliflower and curry was all I tasted...yuck.
Chicken skewers  ok. Empanadas mediocre as they were Luke warm and soggy.
Dessert? Don't remember the name of this fruit pudding kind of thing but it smelled and tasted like I was spooning coppertone sunscreen into my mouth.
I will unfortunately never be back.Fantastic place, great Asian street food on our visit. Wait staff was some of the best we had in New Orleans. Amazing large selection of spirits and beer. Only wonder with so many different street options they will be able to keep up the quality. The ramen wasn't as good as ramen I've had elsewhere.Confusing and disappointing. 
A group of us ventured to bootys for Sunday brunch. A friend and I ended up arriving a little past noon, because I got a flat on the way there, so we did arrive when it was busy and many of the tables were filled. However, there was not anybody visibly waiting when we walked in. There was one empty table open, and having seen the giant sign that says "seat yourself", we proceeded to do so. We were told by a waitress that there was now a waiting list and that we could not sit there - there was literally nobody waiting for a table. We were told we could sit at the bar, which contained the dirty dishes of previous customers. We were not acknowledged, nor were the dirty dishes cleaned from in front of us for over 10 minutes. While waiting we noticed the simplistic decor, with a hipstery vibe. The bathroom has cassette tapes and headphones to listen to, because if there is one thing I go to a restaurant for, it's to touch more objects that previous patrons touched while they were going to the restroom. A box of flashing lights in the corner has been provided in case you came to bootys to dance in the bathroom. Odd.  
Upon ordering, both of us were told they were out of what we wanted (two separate dishes). My second choice was also out. So I settled for the fish and chips. The fish was delicious with the tartar sauce and the curry ketchup was great. The fries were bland and generic. 
When the bill came, we were disappointed to see that we were charged for requesting a small cup of garlic mayo, especially after they did not have three of our meal choices. Additionally we noticed that the entire time we were there, there were open tables and the bartender even remarked "it's too quiet" - so I'm not really sure what this aforementioned waiting list consisted of, except for their delivery of ingredients for the dishes that were not available. 
Overall, decor was nice and the food was decent. The vibe felt pretentious and there was a distinct lack of accommodation for the customer. Luckily I went with a lighthearted friend and we just allowed the experience to be more comical than frustrating. I will not be returning.Ah, Booty's, I really really want to like you, I really do. To start off with you're named Booty's. Your newly minted presence in the Bywater set off some sort of hipster gentrification outrage that clogged my facebook feed for weeks. You're concept is also awesome, street food from around the world, what could be better?
I've been to Booty's several times, but wanted to try the food before I reviewed it. When Booty's first sprang up in the neighborhood, I thought the name was funny, which is usually all of the encouragement I need to try something new. However, I kept walking by on friday and saturday night and it kept being packed. Eventually my girlfriend and I decided to set aside a night early in the week to go to Booty's for fancy cocktails. At $7 a pop the craft cocktails are a steal, but more than one is beyond our standard Tuesday night drinking budget.  Damn! The first cocktail was the best I've ever had. It was the perfect combination of spices, bitters and bourbon. I'm more than a little ashamed to admit the name of the best cocktail I've ever had is Bourbon & Bling. The first round of cocktails were so good we decided to get another. I tried a Bandera this time (tequila lemonade) if only to redeem myself from ordering a Bourbon & Bling as my first drink. This drink, while also amazing, was not quite as stellar as the first.
I left Booty's more than a little bit drunk and entirely enthusiastic. To quote my friend Lauren S. "gentrification never tasted so good." I decided to go back and try the coffee. They have a bottomless cup for $2.50. It's not the greatest coffee but it's a steal for those who want to become overly caffeinated cheaply. If you're looking to get work done, Booty's is a great quiet alternative to Satsuma. While the straight up coffee isn't quite as good, the lattes and espresso are on par with anything else in the neighborhood.
While not quite as enthused by the coffee as the cocktails I was still looking forward to trying their food. My girlfriend and I had several other places on our list to try for date nights before Booty's, but we were lured in by curiosity, proximity and $1 daiquiris. The food (which takes street food from around the world and reinvents it as small plates) sounded and looked delicious. Unfortunately, it was utterly disappointing. We ordered all four vegetarian options on the menu. The best thing by far was the fries. They were delicious and included a choice of spice infused dipping sauces. Everything else was lackluster. The Indian dish (the name escapes me) was the next best thing. It was decent but tasted a lot like an americanized attempt at "curried chick peas".  The veggie kabob was a bland, oily and flavorless. The Brazilian cheese on a stick tasted not much like cheese and a lot like burnt flavorless tofu coated in salt. While Booty's fell short on all these dishes, it looks like they put a lot more emphasis on their meat. Virtually every dish has pork in it. Based on the previous reviews and their meteoric rise in popularity, I'm guessing their meat dishes are a lot tastier.
The service I've experienced at Booty's has been highly variable. It ranges from staff that is extremely friendly and engaging to staff that seems annoyed or confused at your presence. Overall, I can't say it's ever really bothered me.
While I'll return to Booty's for the killer craft cocktails and quiet work environment, I wouldn't recommend it for hungry vegetarians.When my wife and I were thinking of all the places we've been recently, she said "Booty's" and I said, "Oh yeah, the unicorn skull place." No seriously. Look at the wall behind the bar. It's pretty cool.
The dining area is quite small, as are most of the plates. Although the menu says you eat everything from a cone, a stick, or with your hands, that's not actually true. You are given silverware for anything that says "hands" on the menu. They're just trying to play up the "street food" vibe. 
Service is excellent. Very friendly and quite swift. The clientele is definitely "hipster" as some other reviewers have said. My wife (in the theater business) said that she goes to Booty's to escape the theater crowd. At which point I motioned across the room in the direction of one of her actors from about 1.5 yrs ago. Heh, theater people and local actors have to eat, too. Right? 
Food is remarkable. I predict it is not possible for the average person to be disappointed here. Imagine your favorite three food trucks, parked in the same place, which also has a full bar.    ....    you're welcome. lol.
Really, though, what sounds adventurous on the menu, is. What sounds typical and tasty, is. Everything is quite filling, although in relatively small portions (for New Orleans). You might get picky about the water (served in mason jars) or the decor or staff attire (think, 90s grunge but cleaner). But you're in the Marigny, folks, if you wanted white linen and white gloves, you should've stayed Uptown. This is where the hard-working, blue-collar, artistic New Orleanians live and eat.My friend and I liked the atmosphere, food and service so much we went twice over a long weekend. The menu was changed from one day to the next. Everything we tried was delicious.I guess I am supposed to be outraged by the hipster whimsy of this place like other gentrification-averse 20somethings searching for "authenticity" in the world and eager to make some snarky contrived comment about this place, but every time I come to Booty's I like it. I like it a lot. And I think we, as a society, just have to accept that steampunk decor elements and servers with eccentric mustaches are a fact of daily life in 2013 and get beyond that and focus on what really matters here: the food! and the drink! and the friendly, attentive wait staff! At first glance at the ~oh so whimsical~ menus, $10 or more for each tapas plate seems like a lot, but after 2 and a half you'll feel quite full. Trust. I recommend coming with as big a group as you can and trying to order basically one of each. All the dishes are so good, decision making is too damn hard so just forfeit it. As far as drinks, they're all great. Yeah, yeah, the Bywater bomber is good; still not sure if it's worth the price for a fourth of what you'd get down the street at Gabby's Daiquiris for the same price (just keeping it real), so I recommend dabbling in any of their other delicious cocktails. 
And anyway, what's wrong with steampunk decor elements and servers with eccentric mustaches? This place is cute as hell. There's Spanish moss hanging in the left bathroom, for gods sake. If you don't like that, then get out of Louisiana! Overall, a great atmosphere. It's been packed every time I've been here but never so loud that you can't hear yourself moan with delight at every bite of food.
Kudos to the friendly and attentive staff. Rarely have I felt so well taken care of at a restaurant.The Bahn Mi was fantastic. The kimchi pancakes were pretty good too, but not as memorable. Everything else I saw looked pretty great too, but I didn't try any of it. Menu seemed very asian heavy.
I was part of a large party (9) and the staff dealt with our arrival well. We got drinks at the bar just as another large group was leaving, so there was surprisingly little wait. It was very busy while we were there, and it seemed like one more waiter could have helped.I was recommended Booty's by my NOLA-resident friends, and it did not disappoint.  They're mixed drinks are truly inspired, such as the 'El Como Tiemblo' which had cilantro and lime - a real treat!  The tapas is inspired by culinary traditions all over the world, from Korea to Africa to South America, and they all seem delicious.  I very much enjoyed the tuna Poke and the dumplings, but my only regret is I didn't come with more friends so I could taste their small plates.
I look forward to a possible visit to New Orleans so that I can visit Booty's once more.Just went there for the first time today with friends.  We were actually headed to Satsuma for coffee and breakfast the day after Mardi Gras.  Satsuma was closed so my friend suggested we try this place since it was new.  We walked in and my first impression was good.  Very clean, put together.  I like the look, the wood bar is very beautiful and we sat at the center counter.  I know this place is new so they are working out some things because it seems that Booty's isn't sure what kind of place it is.  It's a coffee shop?  It's a restaurant?  A bar?  It looked like a bar to me, but has a coffee shop feel, but has table service.... sort of.  We sat down and it took a minute for us to be greeted.  We were offered water and ordered coffees.  One of my friends ordered a latte, we were also handed menus.  While waiting on the coffee I found the menu disappointing only in that it offered nothing I was really looking for at the moment. No breakfast or brunch type food at 10:30am.  No big deal.  I found the menu a little strange as it seemed to have several pages but it only had one page of small plates and the rest were superfluous pages of maps and advertisements for oversees attractions.  I didn't get it at first then my friend pointed out its supposed to be street food from around the world.  Ok fine.  My friends latte arrives before my cup of black coffee which I thought was strange then once mine arrives I was told cream and sugar is at this bar... If your offering table service then offer it.  We ordered our food and it came out promptly.  I had the latin bahn mi.  It was good.  I had to get up and get my own refills of coffee from the little side bar.  Annoying.  Our water was never replenished... apparently I am to get that as well. They at least brought us silverware and napkins.  Basically I feel like this place is a little over trendy, pretentious, bywater place thats not bad but needs some working out.  The service is a joke.  The two waiters that wandered around seemed to bump into each other and neither really seemed to understand what table servie is.  I'm not looking for restaurant revolution service here mind you but if you serve me a cup of coffee at a table it should include cream/sugar/served refills in my opinion.  Its another uber trendy hip place that's a little on the pricey side that needs to figure out what their doing.  I'll try it again.If I could give zero stars to this place I would. I never write reviews on yelp but I had my last bad experience there today and I feel that other potential diners should be warned. This place has possibly the worst service and general ability to execute a meal that I have ever seen. You will wait. Forever. For anything. There is no sense of urgency whatsoever. It's like somebody had a great I idea for a restaurant logo and forgot to figure out how to actually run a restaurant before opening. If I had to guess the owners are people with way too much money on their hands and thought it would be fun to open a restaurant. Because of course that would be totally easy, right?I really hate to write this negative review, because I really wanted to love this place.  I went in with my husband and daughter on a Sunday at 1PM, we are informed their menu is very limited because they had a crazy busy morning and they were out of some ingredients.  There were 3 options left, so we ordered two food items, along with a bloody mary and an iced tea.  The bloody Mary took 15 mins to come to the table after reminding our waitress, and the tea was the bottom of the barrel, but we didn't complain.  After a few minutes of waiting, we are informed they were out of eggs and mayo, so they cannot make one of the two dishes we ordered, so we just went with one, the fish and chips.  We get the snack and it was good, but nothing amazing.  As we are waiting for our check, which when it finally came we had two charges that had nothing to do with our table, another family comes in and a waitress sits down and explains to them about the limited menu, and they ordered 4 plates of food! We were told that nothing was available and there was nothing they could do about it.  I'm not sure if our waitress was the one who was lazy, or if it was the kitchen, but we would have loved to try whatever was available, that would have been great...The place was rude,lazy,unorganized, and clueless.  I don't think we will be going back.  It was an awful experience.After waking up with a little bit of a hangover, I decided a good meal was just what the doctor ordered, so I headed over to Booty's Street Food, an hip new spot in the Bywater.
I had never been, so I was excited to try it.  I had put off previously coming because on the  because they don't post a menu online.  I will never understand why a new restaurant that even has a FaceBook page doesn't take the time to post a menu.  I had even requested them to on their FaceBook page several times and my requests were just ignored.  VERY STRANGE!
So I let go of my annoyance at this and gave it a shot.
I really loved the atmosphere of this cute little Bywater spot.  Neat artwork and interesting touches.  I found it really interesting that once a month they bring different artists in to paint/decorate the bathroom!  The artwork this time involved neon paint and a black light! So cool!
The service here left much to be desired.  I sat at the bar.  There was someone behind the bar making drinks.  The person didn't even say hello or acknowledge me.  I was fine with the fact that it took close to 10 minutes to wait on me, as he was busy.  But to not even say hello, or say that he'd be with me shortly is just really bad.
Onto the food. I ordered the breakfast banh mi.  It very, very good.  My only complaint, as others have pointed out, was the price for what I got.  I would say that this sandwich was about 2/3 the size of a regular banh mi and it was $9!!  And that was just for the sandwich. It didn't come with anything else.
I really enjoyed the taste of the food, but I'm hestitant to try it for dinner because like other posts have said, at $9-$12 a pop for VERY SMALL tapas plates, you're looking at over $30 to eat dinner and I just find that to be too expensive for what is suppposed to be "street food."Firstly, I'm impressed by the concept and really congratulate Booty's on taking on international street food. So good to see south-east Asian and central/south American food being represented in this neighborhood. 
I tried a couple of dishes - the empanada and the teriyaki and my friend had a couple of others. The taste and quality was mostly spot on, the recipes interesting and fresh and there's a great diverse choice on the menu. I loved the strawberry soda, which they make in house. 
The portion size, though, is very meagre. I'm not even coming at this from the viewpoint of a large American - I'm a tiny Brit and I was nowhere near satisfied by the amount of food you get for your money. Both of us left feeling hungry.  And the teriyaki was pretty disappointing: small, rubbery lumps of chicken that didn't have much taste and looked kind of sad. 
The service and decor were very impressive (very casual, friendly servers, which is great), and again, I applaud the concept. Just...there are other restaurants doing small plates that still leave you feeling well fed. You'll need three or four plates (so spending over $20) to fill you up, I suspect. Otherwise: we need a place like this, hopefully they'll up their game. Good luck to you.I got some mixed feelings about this place. And I think it's because the food can be hit or miss. 
The menu changes regularly, from what I can tell after four visits. I've had a couple of items that were delicious. A kimchi pancake like a year ago...a chicken quarter over mashed potatoes I had recently. 
I've had some things that were solid. A sometimes-greasy fish and chips with a yummy dipping sauce and tons of fries, a ramen dish...both were pretty good. 
I've had some things I straight up didn't like. The desserts have always been weird. I've also sometimes had issues with service - super long breaks between drinks and the food coming in odd intervals. It's small plates so sometimes you get one thing and wait like 15 minutes and get four more at once or vice versa. 
I like to share food so that isn't a big deal to me ordinarily but sometimes the timing just made the meal weird. Sometimes I recommend this spot to people -- the variety and concept are cool and when the menu is on you can have a good experience. Sometimes I hesitate though, because I've left disappointed.I enjoyed Booty's and look forward to returning and trying more dishes. I really liked the ambiance and thought the food was pretty good. Not everything was amazing, but I thought four of the five dishes we ordered were great. The yuka fritters, ramen, and fries were awesome and we also liked the dumplings. While the chicken thighs were good, they weren't anything special really. 
The service was good, helpful, and friendly. I was not drinking but my husband enjoyed both of the mixed drinks he ordered. All in all, I give booty's a thumbs up and since their menu changes often, there will be plenty of opportunities to come again and try new things.Gentrification never tasted so good!  Food and drinks are excellent (but 300% more expensive than if you actually bought them "on the street").  But saving $1000s on airfare is worth the $20-30 per person you'll spend on your globe trotting lunch outting.Very friendly staff and nice sidewalk seating for the pups. I only got a veggie taco - chickpeas & coconut curry - and shared a gooey dessert bar with my friend but we thoroughly enjoyed. I will be back to try more of their small plates. They have so many great options for sharing and this casual spot is great for a sunny brunch!Just when I thought they couldn't get any worse, they do something like this an totally redeem themselves! Food was right on. Service is a bit preoccupied. Great ambiance. Yay for second chances!In a word, "Quirky" !
But, the excellent quality and variety of the tapas-sized offerings are super !
If Booty's can keep their consistent quality consistent long-term, this place will become a classic !  "If" can be a very big word, though !
Definitely worth a "TRY" !
RickThe best offering here for my money is the fish and chips and that is also the largest serving offered on the menu and is in fact so large you could probably split it with someone.  The rest of the offerings on the menu run far more on the smaller side of things so you might need to order more than one of those other dishes to make a meal.  The service is usually adequate and friendly and the ambiance is alright with a tad much hipster vibe for my taste.  Booty's might just have the best and most authentic British version of fish and chips in the city currently.Decided to try after hearing mixed reviews from friends... And we are so glad that we did! The food was fresh, creative, and very flavorful. We were also very pleased with the staff, who were friendly and quick to help with recommendations. Some friends had said they felt this place was over priced, but A. In my experience any tapas style place is never a bargain - how could you resist ordering too much? B. I think for the quality of food, it's reasonably priced. TRY THE TACOS!A very hip and divey place.  The best thing about this place was their house daiquiri with Old New Orleans Rum, pineapple, OJ, rose, lime and bitters.  It was a real show stopper.  The food was great too.  the fried fruit pie was mm mm!  A very casual and quick place for snacks.we stopped for a drink, a cocktail a beer we ordered some mini octopus in hot sauce, all fine nothing special really, the waitress a sweet heart. not solid rather superficial concept and menu, live it up till it last.A friend and I had heard lots of talk about Booty's and it had been on  the list of places to try.   The staff was friendly but very slow,  I'm still not sure if we had one server or if it was just all the staff waiting on all the guest with no particular server for each table,  it was kind of confusing.  Over all it's what I have come to expect from NOLA  no real attention  to detail or since of urgency from the staff , which does not bother me most of the time unless I'm  waiting on a drink refill or ready to order in this case it took forever for someone to bring us water to start off with or take our order.  We were in no real hurry so we let it slide but working in the industry ourselves you always take note. The atmosphere was good and relaxing though the chairs were a little uncomfortable. The food on the other had was very bland and did not really stimulate any of my senses and way over priced for what you got and how it tasted.  we had fish and chips  fish was ok   fries seemed like norm fries pulled out of a frozen bag from Sysco nothing special.  WE had  3 pork tacos  the best part was the tortilla which seemed very fresh the pork had no flavor at all and what ever cheese they used on them was tasteless  and not enough cilantro to know it was there.  The yucca dish just tasted like a potato patty to me. And the cheese on the stick was nothing to write home about.  The fried plantains were burnt and tasted burnt.  The best the we had were the peach fried pies and ice cream I would deff come back for that and only that.   I will probably  give this place another try to see what we come up with on the next visit.  I love to do my business with local mom and pop places and I want to see them flourish.I can't believe it's taken me this long to review, I love this place!  I don't think I have ever had a bad experience and have brought many visiting friends here. Their revolving menu, especially drinks, keeps it fresh but my favorite dumplings and Belgium fries stick around which I approve!  I typically get their special if they have one, and their seasonal ceviche which is always awesome.   I'm a big fan!!  The service can sometimes be slow but I feel like that's greatly improved.I have mixed feeling about this place because these guys are doing a lot for the food scene down in this area of New Orleans. I've only been once and both service and the food was all over the place. I really don't like giving bad reviews and try to focus on the positives. The positives are that they are food pioneers in the area and have a really cool space. I look forward to going in again and trying some new dishes since a lot of people really seem to enjoy it.The Bywater Bomber is a delicious frozen drink mixed with rum and rose water that hits every spot on your palate imaginable.  The delicious Amsterdam fries with the assortment of dipping sauces are amazing.  The imperial rolls are like egg rolls with a soft interior similar to spring rolls.  Simply put DELICIOUS!!!! Everything about this little spot in the Bywater is delicious and even if I wasn't in the mood for food I would still enjoy stopping in just for drinks and ambianceThis place for me is a tad overrated. The drinks are excellent but the food in way overpriced. A couple of friends of mine ended up here for Cinco De Mayo because all the other Mexican themed bars were overpacked. This place was empty for a reason I guess. One of my friends ordered the Belgian fries that were more like Wendy's fries served with mayonnaise. Me and another friend ordered the ceviche which was good but not enough for the price. Looks like this place put too much money on ambiance and not enough on quality food.Booty's is the best! There are three or four vegan items on the menu, which is awesome- veggie kabobs, papadum, mexican salad with cabbage/avocado, and fries. The tamarind or strawberry aqua frescas are both worth trying. 
The decor is awesome- great lighting, cool seating and tables, and everything just works well together. 
Service has always been great; even when busy it was pretty good.
This is highly suggested- a great place to take out-of-towners. Can't wait to take my mom here- she loved Maurepas and will love this place too!Wanted to love this place. Slow, unskilled service & servers who either don't know they are doing a poor job or don't care. They were unapologetic for forgetting to bring things (like a glass of wine) and not clearing the table. The food was underseasoned and greasy. The "ramen" was the most offensive thing in the menu. It wasn't ramen! It was rice noodles in a bland, tepid broth. Zero pork, zero flavor, zero value.  The most frustrating thing about this place is that they don't even know they are doing a poor job. The space & the cocktails may carry it for awhile but this place won't be here to stay unless they overhaul the menu & gets someone in the kitchen who knows what they are doing. Fiancé put it best when he said, "if they could just do 5 dishes really well, it would be so much better than doing 20 so poorly".Here's the deal, I had a random work day off and decided to come here for a nice lunch. I came in and the place had an atmosphere of cold and dark.  I sat down in the middle of the restaurant and waited.  A couple sat next to my table, a waitress came and brought them waters and a friendly greeting, and yet I waited.  there was another table next to mine, they seemed to be having a good time, the waitress seemed to like them and asked if they needed anything, I waited.  I waited and waited.  Still nothing.  After about 20 minutes I saw the sign that said I could text the owner, I put the number in my phone and bailed.
I did text the owner and explained what had happened and they did text back and offer to buy me a drink. They said those other tables were regulars.  Well I could have been, but I guess we will never know. So I can't judge the food, only my experience.  They get an extra star for texting back.
The Good:
Apparently the owner cares, but maybe their staff just doesn't
The Bad:
terrible service
I guess regulars get all the attention
not a fan of the atmosphere
The Ugly:
My temper after wasting my time to go all the way to the bywater just to be ignored at a place I wanted to like and give money to.Another great visit to Booty's. I LOVE small plates eating. Our party ordered about 10 dishes. The prices are unbelievable and the food is unique and so tasty. I couldn't come without getting my favorites, the papadum (an Indian lentil crisp) which I discovered on my first trip and the korean dumplings. We also enjoyed the kimchi pancakes with pork belly hash - you must try and juicy, tender chicken thighs. And since we were in New Orleans, we had to have a Po Boy but Booty's does it Vietnamese style which turns out to be a perfect combination. The Bywater Bomber is a delicious staple but there are always new cocktails made with fresh ingredients and served up by a friendly and knowledgeable staff.i had the tacos: one pork, one korean (or vietnamese - either way it's a moot point), and one shrimp. the pork taco was good, the korean not so much, and the shrimp was a disappointment - due to the fact that the shrimp were not gulf fresh. this was my major qualm and why they got 3 stars. in new orleans, on the ms gulf, any place charging $4 for a shrimp taco should be cramming it with big, fresh shrimp - not small 25-30 count shrimp you buy frozen at the grocery store. that was the main thing that stuck out to me. 
while i will return to try more of the menu, it's almost like this place is trying too hard.  if it wants to be hip and with it, get with it on the important details because i'm not down with paying for image.  the basic point is that a $4 taco should be a fucking epic taco, in my opinion. 
the floor was incredibly sticky too. to the point i had to pull my chair up to detach it to move. that's not hip.Cool place. Good brunch menu. Great coffee. Vegetarian selection for dinner is very limited but what they do have is great.This place has a great concept. Make sure you check in to get a free drink. We got a ton of food because it all sounded good. The Ramen was the stand out dish. The beef broth had a great flavor and the noodles were perfect. The empanada was hot and delicious. Fish, pork, and shrimp tacos were surprisingly spicy, which is a god thing. They were all good and I would order them again. Gunmandu, another fried empanada type Korean dish was better than the empanada. And finally the Belgian fries with garlic mayo and curry ketchup. They were a little over-salted for my taste but I would get them again to try the amazing sauces. The service was very fast and friendly and we went for dinner on a week night. Would love to go again with more friends for tapas style dinner.meticulous attention to detail across the board! from specialty cocktails to exotic & nuance oriented dishes, they bring the flavor and experience for a reasonable price.FOOD: 2 or 3
DRINKS: 5
SERVICE: 3.5
AMBIANCE: 4
OVERALL: 4
This is defintely my kind of place. I really like the concept.  Unfortunately, the food variety was not as globally creative as I had imagined. Some things were pretty average, like the meat skewer.  I would have loved to see a bit more international cuisines represented, since that is what they seemingly pride themselves on.   A perfect falafel sandwich, or something else from Egypt?  How about Indonesian or Vietnamese style street food?   
Well, the octopus was delicious and tender, and served with Korean gochujang (red chili sauce). 
I did love the drinks as they were strong. The service was good. They were attentive.
*This review is for a visit over a year ago, so I am not sure about the food quality now* 
Enjoy!I really wanted to like this place. The decor is fantastic, the menu looks great, yet the service and the time it took for the food to come out was such a let down, even the great venue couldn't compensate. I had lunch there on a Wednesday, and it was not at all busy. However, it took 50 minutes for the food to come out. And this was just some fries (the peanut sauce doesn't add up to real Dutch peanut sauce) and two taco's. We had ordered the beef empanadas as well, but the waiter messed up our order and never brought them out. He then decided we had to pay for them since he put them in a to-go-box after we had finished our lunch. Not a great success overall. I love the concept of having a restaurant recreate street food from all over the world, but if you're going to make street food, you better make it as fast as it's supposed to be made.Greast place to meet locals and get hand made cocktails with in house ingredients. You won't get there drinks any where else in the world.  The food circled the plate of the world. The fries are amazing. Menu changes so try 2 or three things. Always a great experience.Delicious appetizers and drinks to get you going for the night :) the curry is a solid dish with all the comfort of a home cooked dish, the fries are chunky and the curry ketchup is delish!! The fries are not a small portion at all. The bywater bomber was ok, I don't think citrus and rose water go that well together, I think a strawberry slush with rum and rose water would have been great instead but that's just me. The bywater bomber is more like a margarita, with rum instead of tequila. Great atmosphere in a very character rich Neighbourhood! Service was great!Very cool place, interesting food.  Curry infused ketchup?  Genius.  Oh and good cocktails!I had the pleasure of eating here while I was visiting the Bywater neighborhood. The service was great and they were incredibly friendly. It's a small location which I like because then you can see what everyone is eating to help you decide! Their menu changes seasonally I am pretty sure. My table all ordered something different and everything was great! The plates are the perfect size. I wish I would have tried a cocktail here because they looked great.Great addition to the Bywater.  Wish this were here 7 years ago when I lived down the street.  They did an excellent job on the decor especially the tin ceiling and the bar.  I think it's very stylish without being "hipster."  Craft cocktails for start, as if there's any other way to start your dinner.  They have a decent assortment although there was only one gin and one vodka drink to choose from.  I order The Light which was the gin one which was light and refreshing.  The menu seemed heavy handed with whiskey choices.  Oxalis across the street is the place to go for whiskey.  Why try to compete?  The food...  I'm so glad NOLA has finally caught on to the tapas/shared plates craze.  Makes for a better meal when you can taste a bunch of different things rather than just an app and entre.  We ordered the empanada from the daily specials menu and the fish n chips with frites.  The picture I posted of the empanada does not do it justice.  Not in the least.  Can't remember exactly what it was stuffed with but I do remember the sauce was a perfect pairing and, of course, that it was perfectly fried.  The frying part makes a big difference as we all know.  I would say that it was rather small though.  The fish n chips were divine!  I felt like I was in London.  They use cod... REAL fresh cod!!!  Seems I remember a certain owner of a certain Irish establishment telling me he can't afford to use fresh cod because it would cost too much.  I digress... The chunky, flaky fish was encased in a perfectly fried crispy batter.  Typing about it makes me want more!!!  The frites were frites.  Nothing special.  Also, I've never been a fan of the curry dipping sauce.  Pass on that for me.  We devoured everything bite we could while leaving room for dessert.  We decided on the fried plantains... why not keep the fried theme going!  Unfortunately, my date felt that they were burnt.  I thought the slightly smoky flavor went well with the de leche they were cover in.  So, back to the kitchen they went.  Instead we thoroughly enjoyed the cardamom ice cream.  And how happy I was we did because this was some of the best ice cream I've ever had!!!  Smooth, creamy milky goodness with just enough cardamom as not to overpower you.  Deeeeelish!!! 
It's a shame people are giving Booty's poor reviews.  The food was divine and the wait staff was totally on their game.This place is legit... My favorite was the authentic Cuban sandwich. Try it with a "Netflix and chill" from the drink menu. Overall great food and a nice environment.Updating my review: we've moved a couple blocks away from this joint and we've been frequenting Booty's (yarrh) more often. House daquiris is awesome. All of the mixed drinks I've tried are. Still disappointed there's no NOLA beer as we are friends with the brewers and would love to see more establishments in the hood support them! I've had great experiences when it's been just my husband and I.  Bahn mi is a favorite. I mean pâté on a sandwich? Sign me up! Today we came for an early brunch with our 13 month old and in laws. Meal was phenomenal! Great coffee, mimosas, mil didnt care for the cumin in the bloody Mary but I happily took it off her hands! 
I left disappointed today though by the complete lack of kid friendliness. No high chair. I mean no high chair, no booster seat, no phone book to sit on. No changing table either but that's not a deal breaker as lots of restaurants don't. I understand not wanting to encourage children in your restaurant but for a Sunday brunch at 9:30am I mean... C'mon. Hopefully this review will encourage Booty's to be slightly more obliging to families that want to dine. It would take it from a 4 star to a 5 star (and bring us in more often). Waitress was sweet and totally had my little man smiling!Cmon the food here is eclectic and of interest. Went with three other friends, we ordered the entire menu. Almost everything was extr special,  the bar is excellent,  i ordered a pisco sour and it was perfect.  The wait person was fun an helpful and very competent.  The decor is very modern and smart.  Go there for tasty bites ,excellent drinks and a friendly atmosphere with a bit of an edge.  As a local New Orleanian I plan to go back again and again.I am indeed a fan of Booty's.  It all started at the Mirliton Fest when Booty's was serving their frozen cocktail - the Bywater Bomber.  This is a good cocktail.  Interesting pineapple-y flavor, but tart, not too sweet.  I was impressed.  And yay!, they were giving out coupons for freebies.
Armed with my coupons, I met a friend at Booty's for drinks one night.  I started with the bomber coupon and moved on to a drink called the Never Land.  OMG.  So delicious.  Vodka and lemon and something rosy - just aces.  The bartender talked to my friend about the various bitters and how they make their own in-house.  They definitely seem to know their craft cocktail stuff.
Another morning, my mom & I came back with HER coupons from the Mirliton Fest and had pre-Saints-game bombers.  A nice way to start things off, at least.  They were playing the Beatles, and I liked that my mother and I both enjoyed the music and how they treated us so well, even though we just came in for free drinks.  
On my last visit, I finally got around to trying the food.  A friend and I split the bulgogi , the dumplings, and the banh mi.  The first two plates were small portions, but the bulgogi was very big on flavor.  The banh mi was both large and delicious, if it had just a bit too much cucumber on it.  I tried the Never Land again and found it a bit too sweet this time, but still largely the same drink.  Just not quite as perfect, so I moved on to a wine, which was fine.   The background music was something I'd never heard before, but I very much enjoyed whatever it was.
And please, let me tell you about Bywaterloo.  It's like a dream come true for my bathroom reviewing!!  They have different artists decorate the bathrooms and create a drink special based on the bathroom art.  So, not only are the bathrooms clean, but they are a veritable spectacle to behold!  So much so that I went back to the table to get my phone to take pictures of the second one, I liked it so much!  
*And Now A Word of Caution*  You may enjoy the drinks here so much that you'll be tempted to order one to go.  You can't.  Somehow Booty's license is a slap in the face to our birthright as New Orleanians, and the folks at Booty's know it and respect our pain.  The work around?  Order a drink, come prepared with your own go-cup, dump your drink into your cup, leave.  There - the bartender didn't serve it to you to go, and everyone's asses are covered except the jackasses who invented such a crappy liquor license variety.  Boo to them, but yay! to Booty's.Support your local neighborhood joint!
We were hungry after doing a moonlight cemetery tour with Bloody Mary and heard some music at Spotted Cat.  It was Halloween, cold and as the evening ventured on, all the weirdos were coming out.
We were staying a few doors down and wanted something to nosh on before heading back.  This place is clean, good music and low key.  Noise level very decent considering how small.
I believe our waiter's name was Naftali, he recently moved to the area from New York and Florida I believe.  Great waiter, super friendly and seemed to enjoy his job.
This place serves small gourmet plates.  Lots of taste in little bites.  We ordered four different items plus the nutella banana crepe.  All hot, fresh and satisfying.  
Good option for light meal in a relaxed atmosphere.Pretty place, lousy food. Bland bland bland. Prolly suits the new out of towners that call the Bywater home now.Had Thai shrimp, French fries, tacos, and steak on a stick and it was fine.  Steak was cold when it arrived, but the Thai shrimp with mango slaw was delicious.  I had a delicious fruity pink drink, but all and all, it was ok.  $60 plus tip is incredibly overpriced for food that is simply blah.  It wasn't bad, but it also wasn't good.Over priced with super long waits and staff that would rather ignore you than help you. Staff just stands around together and customers are left to just stare hoping for some service.Delicious. Every single time. The Chef is a genuis. Perfect date place. The staff is sweet,  and the bartenders creative and knowledgeableHuge fan.  
Walk in and the atmospher (while can be loud) is full of young proffessionals, hipsters, and old people.  Staff was super nice.  Very cool modern artsy-fartsy but (not too much).
We all got cocktails and we all loved them all.  
I got the kimchee pancakes (something like that) and they were absolutely amazing.  I got the weirdest sounding thing on the menu and I wasnt dissapointed.  Very original tastes but unfortunately I cant reiterate what I ate.  Trust me, it was great.   Everything on the menu looked good.  I tried the ramen noodle dish which was okay and I had some of the pork and beans plate which was a ton of food and fantastic.  
I really liked this place and would go back in a heartbeat.Wonderfully rich craft cocktails and a selection of street foods from all over the world that is will make you wanna smack your mama!!  Free wifi and a hip easy going environment, also incredibly inexpensive.  You must try the dumplings..they are out of this world!!Great service. Great ambiance. Delicious dranks. Food is good for a snack but not if you're starving.The best way to experience Booty's is with at least a few friends. That way, you'll get to try a lot of the dishes. I did just that on Friday night and really enjoyed it.
First of all, the atmosphere is very cool. It's got an artsy vibe, which makes sense considering the owners are two artsy dudes. But it's really about the food, right? 
Highlights:
Empanadas - Crispy, not too spicy, great pork flavor
Fish N Chips - Not overly greasy, but nicely fried. Great fries. Curry ketchup was flavorful without being overpowering.
Kimchi - Pancakes piled high with more delicious pork.
I also tried something that I can't seem to find on the menu online, but was great. It was described as a hard boiled egg wrapped in lamb meat. But in actuality, it was more like a lamb meatball stuffed with a hard boiled egg. Sounds a little strange, but it really worked.
Drinks were good too. The Bomber (daiquiri) was delicious, and I liked the Bourbon and Bling as well. Not too sweet, but not too strong tasting either.
The service was very friendly, and they just bring the food out as it's prepared. By the end, we were wishing we hadn't ordered quite so much. Price wise, I didn't think it was too bad. Dinner for five, including drinks for some of us, came out to $200 before gratuity. For the meal we had, it was money well spent.-69 stars
like is this place an actual joke? #signofthetimes #gentrification
 I am all for dumb restaurants pretending like the Bywater is Williamsburg if the food is good.  Like go for it, I've already forgotten about the Bywater.  Is Booty's a money laundering front? It's gotta be, right?  How do people eat here?  WAIIIT I think it's just for old dads to go to with their old wives so they can instagram photos of "exotic" foods because some "edgy" mom blog posted about it.
I've been here twice because I hate hating things and wanted it not to suck.  First time was the typical, wait 15 minutes for someone to notice you. Everyone on their waitstaff looks like such a cute hipster to distract you from how TERRIBLE they are at their jobs.  Typical distant, incompetent service.  One, singular steak taco? $4 except it's actually a tiny turd of steak with some green sauce plopped on it TADA.  And it took 20 minutes.  I think the music was the score of a spanish horror movie.  It was seriously so bad our table actually requested they change it.  I am not a princess (yes I am) that has ever made such a request but this warranted it.
Second time was a real charm.  I figured I'd order something to go, like something really quick and avoid everyone in there since they're all awful.  YES okay, 2 tacos & chicken yakitori. This time the music sounded like something from a warzone video game.  Maybe they just were waiting me out, hoping the music would give me an anxiety attack so I'd run screaming out the door and no one would ever have to actually do their jobs or subject me to their mediocre food.  They tried this tactic for 15-20 minutes.  I was forced to watch a silly suburban mom giggle at her food (that she ordered after me) and take photos of it.  Me & that couple were the only people in the place and STILL NO TACO.  Then the chef walked out.  SO UHH who's cooking my food then? Oh yeah. No one.  Like actually no one.  "The order didn't go through to the kitchen" WAIT WHAT?! 
 I looked at her and said, so how long would say I've been waiting, 15, 20 minutes? "Yeah, probably". Cool, I'm late to an appointment. Never offered me a drink, didn't comp me ANYTHING to make up the fact that I wound up waiting literally 30 minutes for two tacos and a stick of chicken in an empty restaurant.  Worst part? I totally tipped her when i put in the order.  I wanted to poke her in the eye.  I still want to poke her in the eye.
This place recently came up in conversation at a get together, and literally everyone has had the same experience - mediocre food & service that feels like punishment. 
To those writing positive reviews, are you deluded? Or are you just bored suburban moms? (I kinda wanna go through and check, but who has the patience).The first thing I have to say about this place is that the service is fantastic! Not just the lady who was serving us at the bar but even the people who weren't directly waiting on us. Everybody was smiling, engaging, and very helpful.
The food is refreshingly unique, a cross-cuisine smattering of street food as the name appropriately suggests. We enjoyed the papusas and kimchi pancakes. Great flavors. The batter in the fish and chips was a bit soggy so that dish fell flat. Still, the restaurant has a cute theme, and I didn't find it to be the least bit gimmicky. It's reminiscent of East Side King in Austin food-wise but with much better ambience. The attention to detail is delightful, from the unique menus detailed with old Latin American bus tickets to the rotating art displays in the bathroom. I'll be back!Really... not into this place. I'm not opposed to spending money on good food, but when your entire concept is based on street food, I really don't understand where the prices are coming from here. I just can't justify spending $6 on four slices of fried plantain (among other dishes) and leaving hungry. The service is also sub-par. Our server wasn't rude, but inefficient. It was a really humid day, and for whatever reason we were given menus but not asked about a drink order until we had been looking them over for a good 5/10 minutes. When we were ready to pay our check, she walked back over to her register, then walked past us two more times to deliver menus and talk to other customers. I have worked as a server and bartender since I was old enough to have a job, you have to multitask and it would have been so easy to print our check and drop to off while walking to another table rather than make us sit around waiting for you. We also never got refills on soft drinks (including water) despite sitting with empty glasses for some time. I don't know, maybe I just have unreasonably high standards considering my family is Vietnamese and I've been eating the food all my life, but the banh mi is pretty small and doesn't have great flavor. Not a place where I will bother spending $40 for lunch again. In all fairness, we didn't order any cocktails and those seem to be received better than the food in other reviews. In a word, Booty's is EH.Wow - was very surprised by this place! We came here for brunch. Lots of small dishes - the dish that blew me away was the veggie burrito. Also the chef here really takes pride in the quality of the food we got an eggs Benedict and came out and gave us a new dish because he didn't want us to be disappointed because he suspected the first one to be too cold. In short - if you like great food at really reasonable prices try this place.Absolutely a must try. The atmosphere is wonderful and the food was excellent. I had the Moros y cerdo. It was delicious with the pork done perfectly. Make sure you try the house hot sauces with it. Each brings their own unique flavor and complimented the rice and beans well. 
I will most certainly be back.I want to love Booty's and did, last year. We keep returning with hope for a glimmer of what was. Last night the place was dead at 840p on a Friday- compared to days passed. Food--- everything far too salty. Drinks great as always. Service good but lost its pep. The server did ask us how things were and we told him. He offered a delicious Nutella crepe. I wish the owners participated more and for better service and food quality. Never thought I'd be writing the closing review for Booty's but --- something has got to give. Other places opening up to move on to. Wanted this to be my go to! Love the decor.