Very good lunch!  When recommended as I stayed in hotel, my first thought was, "not a hotel restaurant, please".  When I walk in and saw a John Besh cookbook sitting there I immediately had hope.  My hope was rewarded!  Duck Poppers are a must.  Also had the goat cheese appetizer which was, if a goat cheese fan, very good.  Lunch of the day was fried chicken with southern greens and mashed potatoes...yum!Was in News Orleans at a conference in the hotel this is located in and thought we would give it a try. Food was freshly made, atmosphere was nice but table area a bit crowded. We had people from the bar standing over our table while we ate. Once they were seated we were able to enjoy our meals. Oysters very good, pork empanadas great and the chicken was very good. Steak seasoned perfect. Would try again if ever back in New Orleans.Very nice New Orleans-style dinner with my friends. Located on the ground floor of our hotel, the food and service here were surprising good.
The raw oysters were very fresh and the fish baked in paper was phenomenal, I highly recommend it. Just try and control yourself with the generous hot bread in a bag that they bring you - it's addictive.
This is a great option for those staying in the hotel and don't feel like messing with a crown on The French Quarter.Borgne pronounced Born was excellent! The service was on point and the food was mouth watering. I got the duck poppers as an appetizer, there are no words to describe this dish other then I dream about it often. For my entree I got the fish in a bag which was really good. It is heavy on the fennel so if your not a fan then that dish will not be for you. Over all I say stop by you can't miss.Amazing food! Fish in the bag, seafood stuffed trout; both amazing. 3 time coming and have not been disappointed yet!!! Will return next time I'm in the area!Amazing food in a very cool setting. Our server was very informative and easy to talk to. He brought the manager over to meet us. My angel pasta with clams and shrimp was perfectly seasoned. The "puddin'" ties with a dessert at Bouchon in Napa for best dessert ever!Crab bisque is amazing!  Fish in a bag was great!  Strawberry crumble was heaven!  Service was slow, but good food.I'm a John Besh fan but this is probably my least favorite of his endeavors. They have excellent beer-battered onion rings (so fat and crispy!). But they removed one of the few non-meat/non-fish dishes from the menu -- the egg salad sandwich, which happened to be quite tasty :( The second time I went I had a fried catfish sandwich and it was ok. The break they use for their sandwiches is too thick (this aint Texas). I sampled most of the apps (non-meat ones only) and they were sufficient but nothing spectacular. The ambiance is a little chaotic and noisy and it fills up quick...All this to say it's a pretty decent little restaurant, though not on par with standard Besh fare...Ask for Emmanuel.The duck poppers are great, and the fish is very fresh, but you need to remember 3 words:  chocolate. hazelnut. puddin'. Off the charts good.  Fireworks going off in my brain good.Be sure to check out the lunch special online before you head to Borgne. They have a different lunch special each weekday for $10- which is a lot cheaper than any of the other dishes available at Borgne. I went on a Thursday for the fried chicken special and it did not disappoint. It came with 1 piece of fried chicken, greens, mashed potatoes, and a biscuit. I also ordered a side of the Brussels sprouts. Everything was really good and I especially loved the biscuit.Great location, and great atmosphere! Very contemporary feeling, and great authentic LA Seafood.The food was excellent. We tried many dishes and passed them around to maximize enjoyment. The service was great. Loved the sangria cocktail. Great dishes: fish in a bag, scallops, octopus, ceviche, oysters (amazing), and the desserts were killer good. The peanut butter semifreddo and chocolate hazelnut pudding were the best.Great food and a great atmosphere. A great seafood restaurant. Yet another win for John Besh! Its located inside the HYATT hotel so you can either park on the street or valet. We had the duck andouille gumbo, Roasted broccoli , soft shell crab special and Grilled romaine heart salad and grilled octopus. Everything was delicious.My favorite PoBoy ever. A highlight of any trip to New Orleans, especially for a football game!Yummy, stunning, subtle food.  Excellent, unpretentious and professional service.  I could eat here every day.  I ate here maybe four times when visiting NOLA and every experience was really good, every dish was beyond awesome.  The lunch specials blew me away.  Can I live here?Everything was great from the broiled oysters, to the catfish po-boy, black drum fish, crab and shrimp stuff flounder was marvelous, and the oyster spaghetti was stupendous for out picky eater. She loved it!!Meh.  Hits: grilled octopus gnocchi, shrimp toast.  Miss: roasted fish smothered in pecans & brown butterWas in town looking for a lunch place, decided to come here, and was not disappointed!  The service was awesome, and we loved the atmosphere!  The drinks were also delicious!  We had the following:
Duck Poppers - wrapped with jalapeño and bacon - how can you go wrong with duck, jalapeño and bacon in one dish?  It was delicious!
Mother Shucker Seafood Tower - 12 gulf oysters, 12 premium oysters, 1lb jumbo shrimp, crab ravigote, smoked catfish, royal red shrimp - everyone in this tower was on point!   Everything was fresh and delicious, my most favorite has to be the smoked catfish and the jumbo shrimp
Oyster BLT - oysters with pork belly, Tabasco mayo served on Texas toast - the oysters were perfectly fried, pork belly well seasoned and the toast was perfect toasted!
I would definitely recommend if you are in the area!Things are either really good or really bad if you can't wait to write a Yelp review after visiting. In this case, really good!
Borgne is located in the Hyatt in the CBD. The first thing to know about it is that it's confusing as hell to get to. I didn't know better and parked in a garage adjacent to the hotel. This required us to take an elevator down, walk through the hotel atrium, take two escalators down, and walk all the way around the hotel. 
It was worth it though. We ordered a carafe of winter sangria (brandy and winter spices, mmm) and a dinner of appetizers: duck poppers, turtle soup, slow cooked pork empanadas, and swordfish ceviche. All extremely excellent. Very impressed. 
The restaurant is beautiful, but relaxed too. You feel like you're in a nice place, but it's not stuffy or pretentious. 
There was a weird service moment, though. I'm allergic to shellfish (which sucks big time in NOLA) and forgot to ask about the ingredients in the turtle soup until it had arrived at our table. Our sever checked with the kitchen and sadly it was made with shrimp stock so I could not enjoy it. Bummer, sure, but we were sharing everything so I wasn't upset about it. Then, the waiter proceeded to lecture me about how I should have informed him of my allergy immediately. It was so strange to be scolded by my server while at a nice restaurant. I get it where he's coming from, but the tone was really not necessary since there was no harm done. 
Anyway, it was a great dinner with a couple non-food related hiccups. I'd definitely recommend!Great experience. 
Had several of the appetizers - duck poppers is the best. All excellent. 
Wonderful oyster stew. 
A lot of food for the medium to high price entrees. 
Pompano is superb. Grillades and grits a sleeper - very good. 
No New Orleans restaurant shd serve anything but French Bread. A faux pas!
Setting a bit cold but interesting decor, all very La.
An A- overall. Well worth the Besh name.Reservations were made through Open Table for Saturday night, March 15. We were seated and greeted promptly for drinks. The restaurant is beautiful and very comfortable due to generous spacing of tables. 
The food at Borgne, while good, was not as exciting at the two other Besh restaurants we have visited (August in NOLA and Luke's - San Antonio). The oysters on the half shell were, well, oysters on the half shell. My wife was anticipating the soup of the day,  crab bisque, but it disappointed with lack of flavor. The shrimp in the shrimp remoulade were large and fresh but the flavor of the remoulade was not pleasing to me. 
The beer and cocktail menus were very interesting with something for everyone. The Raising Cane cocktail: canebrake beer and sazerac rye stole the show for the entire evening. 
Lastly, the biggest flaw that night was the service; food seemed to be delivered and dropped off at the table with no follow up by the primary waiter. We experienced the all to often "waitstaff ignoring eye contact" syndrome for drink refills. 
I expect more from a Besh restaurant and hope this was just an anomaly.Red Beans and Rice best in NOLA. Was there for lunch special today and sure enough, they beans and rice were as good as always. Crunchy loaf of bread lightly sweetened with fennel seed a treat as well. 
But Borgne should be downright ashamed to charge $3.25 for a soft drink. And they don't give free refills. That's petty and leaves a bad taste in the mouth of this otherwise very happy diner.Excellent food and service in a laid back setting. Cool bar. We had several apps to note: duck poppers, pork empanadas and the grilled octopus were amazing. Oysters are as good as any you'll have in NOLA. The almond crusted drum fish is amazing. The cauliflower with manchego soup is also great.We booked a dinner for a very LARGE group.  I believe we had around 20 folks on a single reservation.  This review will be geared towards this experience -- your experience with a smaller reservation may vary.
First, the restaurant was very accommodating with the larger reservation.  They gave us a table in the middle with views of the entire restaurant.  The guys loved it because they could see college football on the TV's at the bar and the women loved it because they could gossip about us guys.
The food came out in cycles, as expected with a large group.  The food was good; it was hot -- and the group was pleased.  It's very difficulty to make a large group happy.
So, if you need to book a group, this place can pull it off!
I definitely recommend!We ended up at Borgne on a spontaneous date night. We learned the kid would have a playdate and this was one of the only places with a last minute reservation on a Friday night. I must say I was incredibly impressed. The space was clean and beautiful. The sound management was amazing. I could actually hear my husband during dinner. The cocktails were delicious, we both had margaritas. My husband had the scallops. They were cooked perfect and were delicious. I had the black drum a la pancha. Oh my goodness, it was to die for. I would definitely bring my friends to this place!I travel nearly a 100 nights a year and am a complete foodie.  I truly enjoy coming to NOLA several times of year to indulge in the cuisine.  I really enjoy John Besh (I DVR all his shows on PBS) and was excited to try Borgne.  My companion and I arrived for our 6:30 reservation.  The restaurant was half full.  They sat us next to the exit door of the kitchen.   With all the available seats around... Why?  I asked to be moved which they did with a smile.  The first course was oysters on the half shell.  They were delicious.  We then ordered the smoked pork empanadas and turkey neck.  The empanadas were OK.. The pie crust was very bready and meat on the dry side, but good flavor.  The creole dipping sauce was simply overpowering for the empanadas.  I dipped an empananda in the sauce from the turkey neck and it was a perfect compliment.  The turkey neck itself was quite a flavorful surprise and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered a local craft brew and it was really nice.  When I ordered a second one, it came in a ridiculously heavy goblet that is normally reserved for cheap margaritas in a tex-mex establishment.  I asked why and the server said it just depends on who was pouring behind the bar?  Really?? A pint should be a pint consistently served in this level of restaurant.  The vibe of the place was wrong.. My companion hit it straight on.. This place isn't comfortable.  Plastic chairs, sterile décore.  Nothing that speaks to the food.  We decided to go elsewhere for our entrees simply because we wanted a NOLA feel.  This doesn't make Borgne a bad restaurant, but not what I had hoped for seeing how I respect Besh's approach to food in the many interviews I have seen of him.. We will look forward to trying his other places in town.I've been here twice, once solo and ate at the bar (big screen TVs, perfect for watching sports!) and once with a friend as a going away dinner.  Both experiences were fantastic.
I really like the location because it's away from the French Quarter traffic / parking nightmares.  I would suggest parking in the lot right next to the hotel.  It's pricey but super convenient.  Inside it's very contemporary looking and inviting.  About half of the seating really caters to large parties.  
Appetizer wise I would HIGHLY recommend the duck poppers.  Simple and delicious.  The grilled octopus is masterfully cooked (aka not crazy chewy) but there wasn't any marinade and the hummus was incredibly bland.  
Highly recommend the fish in a bag if you are looking for a seafood option.  
All in all, great place for locals and tourists alike.  Really looking forward to dining there again!OMG!! Duck jalapeño popers wrapped in bacon. I've been eating here all week. I'm  here working and have enjoyed everything.  Can't name a favorite because it's all wonderful! Great atmosphere and nice staff.Surprisingly great!! I ordered the fish in a bag and wow, so good! Lots of flavor and cooked perfectly. Service was great! Don't let the fact that it is in a hotel stop you from trying this place.Chef Brian Landry was so incredibly charming and nice to our table of 8 visiting from Texas for my friends birthday-- let them know well in advance that we were headed there so he came out and explained menu items and suggested pairings... Our server john absolutely rocked and explained everything on the menu without skipping a beat-- try the seafood paella , fish in a bag (so fresh and flavorful) -- lamb is great too-- only thing I wasn't crazy about was the turtle soup (love a great turtle soup-- but this one missed the mark for me personally) might be better next time- this is a must check out restaurant if you're in the area-- amazing bar top top too.Great place for happy hour!!
Try the Rum Punch!
The small plates on the hh menu were incredible!Their canery island ice pick was one of the best drinks I got in NOLA. I love honey rum and mint, they're such a great match. "Fish in a bag" is a funny concept and the food smells fantastic when they cut open the bag. So I'll give it a high rate despite that it doesn't taste that mind-blowing because of the texture of the fish.Came here while visiting New Orleans and just like every other place I went to (I guess I got lucky w/ my dining choices!) it was really good and the server was really nice. I got oyster spaghetti and it didn't disappoint me. Bread was great tooThis restaurant is primarly the bar for the giant Hyatt. If there is a concert or special event scheduled, which is often, prepare to be dissapointed.
    The bar runs lengthwise down the room and when we went it was packed three deep. The bartenders were shoving drinks out as fast they could to people trying to get drunk before the show. The noise level was unbelievable. The waiters were frazzled. We had to move tables just so we could hear each other shouting. 
    The food ingredients were excellent but poorly prepared. Over breaded, drowned in butter, fried, greasy, over cooked lacking in flavor. 
    Borne features popular happy hour drink specials. Borne is more of a bar than a fine restaurant. With so many great restaurants in New Orleans. This one is a pass.Been here quite a few times and always had a great experience. My favorite is their hanger steak. The potato croquetas were so simple yet delicious. The salsa verde on top of the steak really highlighted the dish. Another favorite is the fish in the bag - Mahi mahi over fennel, caramelized onions, spinach. Enclosed in a bag which your server cuts open for you. Not that heavy of dish and more lighter.Food was superbly prepared. Good portions and well-presented. Asked for a larger table (4-tops kinda small) and were easily accommodated. Server answered questions readily and knowledgeably but offered no information without being asked (daily catch). Biggest complaint is the cafeteria-like feel of the dining room. No intimacy or interest. If the food wasn't so good I would never consider returning based solely on ambience.Service was great and I loved the layout, had a neat bar.  Everyone enjoyed their food, only reason I give it 3 stars is not sure it was worth the high prices.  Not really anything that stood out.  We didn't have a bad meal the entire trip in New Orleans, but this ended up being the most expensive and when talking about favorite foods on the trip, no one mentioned anything from Borgne.I am a big fan of John Besh and during a recent visit to NOLA looked forward to visiting Borgne, especially as I am also a big fan of gulf seafood. I must add that I have reservations about any restaurant that is located in a big chain hotel, often the management has difficulty in getting regular feedback on the food and service due to the every changing client base moving thru the hotel as opposed to regular, local clients. This seemed born out by my recent visit. For the record, we ate here on a saturday night at 8 pm and although busy, it was not slammed with people.
First, its a noisy place, very noisy with terrible acoustics, in our group of 6 there was a lot of required shouting involved in any conversation. The wait staff seemed quite indifferent, did not introduce themselves, or seemed inattentive. The service was not awful, but far from great. 
Our group of six, two who live in NOLA and two who visit there a lot, tried a range of sea food dishes and with softshell crab in season two ordered that in particular. We also ordered three of the starters, and of those the duck poppers were the winner, I thought the broiled oysters only better than average but good enough and the crab cakes very tasty (but small). Of the main dishes, the drum and flounder were especially fishy smelling and did not taste especially fresh and near the end of their sell dates. The softshell crab the group generally thought the best of the lot. We ended with three of the deserts and everyone loved the hazelnut-chocolate pudding and the hummingbird the least favorite.
A disturbing end note, of the 6 attending dinner here, that night, one has a bad case of what could be considered food poisoning and three others indigestion, not good odds. Who knows what did it, no one in the group had anything else that night, so the odds are it was something we ate there.
In my view, considering the costs of the meal here, the service and the freshness of the fish dishes, I think your money would be better spent at one of the many other fine dining choices in New Orleans.My girlfriends and I were beat from Jazz Fest and didn't want to leave the hotel so we opted for dinner at this restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised. I had the trout, which was fresh and light. My brut rose complemented it well. The service was great and the bartenders were good to look at!Stopped in for lunch while in town for business.  Had the Local Greens Salad with some fried oysters.  Others had the Fried Shrimp Poboy and Jambalaya.  One person had the gluton free fried chicken and said it was the best he'd ever had. All were very good. Service was good as well.Great special menu for happy hour!  Totally enjoyed the jalapeno fried turkey necks.  Had it 2 nights in a row.  Good food and good service in a great food city.I only recommend dishes that are extremely good. I just finished the duck poppers on a scale of 1-5, I'll give it a five. I've never ate duck until now. I would have the duck poppers again. Along with the black drum.This will have to be a short one until I get home when I have more time todo it justice. Chef John Besh is amazing and so is all of his food. 
Get the oyster blt. It has perfect pork belly and will make your mouth happy. 
The duck poppers were out of this world. 
The prices are perfect. The food is spot on and the flavors are all well thought out. 
Go get stuffed here.The fish was fresh, the food was considerably better than I expected from this restaurant inside the Hyatt regency hotel. But the noise level was intolerable. I felt like I was dining next to a jet engine.i haven't had a bad food experience here yet, despite the seeming constant crowd. Lunch specials are one of the best deals in New Orleans, and worth a trip to the CBD even if its out of your way. Try the rabbit!  Also great spot to grab some drinks and fresh shucked oystersWe have not had a lot of success with John Besh Restaurants, but we were attending a convention at the Hyatt and were pleasantly surprised by the quality and yumminess of the food.  Our waitress was very attentive.  We had the whole gulf red snapper, the oyster spaghetti and the adobo spiced skirt steak.   Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection.   The bread was fresh out of the oven.  The bonus was the happy hour tapas for $5.00.  Turkey necks (I know...  sounds like Ewww)  were amazing and full of flavor and had an amazing sauce with a little heat and a little sweetness.  The best dish of the night. The atmosphere is  modern New Orleans with interesting art work and gorgeous oyster columns.   We followed dinner with the Key Lime pie that rivals the ones  I have had in Key West.
As season ticket holders to the Pelicans, we will be sure to stop here before the games.I am currently eating my left over risotto and it's so good (again) I thought I should leave a review. Yum. Get the risotto. We also had some appetizers, the broiled oysters were tasty, but I ended up with a little shell in mine, yuck. It happens. We also had the bacon duck things which were ok, but it was really the risotto that made me leave 4 stars, the shrimp were big and fresh. So tasty.INCREDIBLE SERVICE!!!!! Arrived in tutus for my bachelorette party. The manager served us a bottle of champagne as we waited for our tables, gave us a private tour of the kitchen, and gave us 5 star treatment. The food is unbelievably good, everything we ate was mouth watering. Joe is a fantastic & fun server!!!! So happy with our experience! Bourbon street here we come!!!!While seated in the lobby, of the Hyatt Regency, I decided to pull up lunch places, via Yelp. I knew the hotel had a few on-site eateries, but was open to walking a few blocks, based on a decent review. The stars and comments, for Borgne, had me sold, right away. So, I walked towards the hotel entrance, inmediately.
I stepped into the restaurant, on a Sunday and liked the spacious room and decor. Dining alone, I opted to sit at the long bar. I was immediately greeted by Roger, who was friendly, funny, and knew what stood out on the menu. He agreed (as with the many Yelp reviews), that the oysters and duck poppers, were a favorite. I ordered those, and a glass of Riesling. 
The half dozen, raw oysters, were HUGE! Easily three times the size, I can find at home, in California! They were chilled perfectly, on a bed of crushed ice, and came with cocktail sauce and horseradish. They were outstanding, and the sauces added just the right kick! 
The duck poppers were to die for. Wrapped in bacon and aesthetically pleasing in their presentation, temperature, taste, and quantity.
The meal was so stellar, a female patron had joined me at the bar and was coaxed into ordering the identical meal I had. We had struck up a conversation briefly, and she ranted and raved over the items as well.This is my second dining experience at Borgne and it was excellent. I had an entree - Drum A la plancha - it's a grilled white fish with dirty rice. It was seasoned perfectly!!!! I was also provided a very generous portion.  I sat at the bar, the bartender was very attentive. It was pretty quiet at the restaurant since it was a Sunday lunch hour. I will definitely be returning when I am back in NOLA.Got the seafood Paella-- extremely disappointed but I gave them 3 stars because the waitor was awesome. The dish looked beautiful but was overly salted and the rice was CRUNCHY! last time I checked-- Paella is not suppose to taste like seafood-flavored potato chips. Also the 20+ dollars entrees are very small. I was with a party of 20 people and the overall the dishes were small.I've had both the crispy pork shank and the fish in bag ( on separate occasions). Both are uniquely delicious. Also try the duck poppers!As long time New Orleans residents, we are familiar with the highs and lows of the Besh restaurants. We were excited to try Borgne, but not overly optimistic.
We were very satisfied with every aspect of the delightful dishes and excellent service at Borgne on a Monday night.
Our party of 3 sampled as much as we could handle. The grilled peach salad, the octopus, and the skewered shrimp- all appetizers were delicious, with great ingredients and innovative preparations.
For entrees, we each chose a house fish dish. Every one was flavorful, unique and  remarkable, again with great ingredients.
There was not a missed note on the meal.The food was decent. I had the oyster spaghetti and it was pretty tasty. My wife had the shrimp risotto and she enjoyed it. So overall the food experience was not too bad. The other part to the equation was the ambiance and the service. Which failed miserably. The tables were very tight and small for our group of four(not like we are big folk either), and our service was just atrocious. I felt bad not leaving a tip so I did, but I really didn't want to. The wife, of course made me. The restaurant is also very loud. You can barely hear yourself in there. It's in a very busy hotel, which does not lend itself to having a nice intimate meal.Really great. Great drinks. Great duck poppers great pork shanks. Great dessert. No complaintsGreat atmosphere. Relaxed dining and a good place for kids too. Menus are clipboards, different and cool. 
Food was well prepared and looked great. Wife had the White Shrimp Risotto. A tad saltier than she likes but that's individual taste. It was cooked great and had lots of taste.
I had the twice cooked garlic chicken. It's half a chicken that's separated. I think it's roasted then fried. It rests on what is believe is their take on jambalaya and has a sauce on the side. The chicken was expertly prepared but I could not taste any garlic at all. The rice was phenomenal! Sauce was a great compliment to add flavor, especially with the lack of garlic.
Great restaurant, I would go again. Prices are fair for what you get and the location. Try it out!In two words, "Orgasmically delicious."  If you are in NOLA, you have got to do your taste buds a favor and make your way to Borgne Restaurant located in the Hyatt Regency Hotel.  We sadly didn't discover it until our second to the last day here, simply because we were visiting the more "known" restaurants, "Commander's Palace" and "Drago's", which do not come anywhere close to Borgne's delectable cuisine, I will call it!!  
Ordered the delicious broiled oysters, calamari, bacon asparagus, maque choux and the star of the table, the fish in a bag... this is where the "laissez les bon temps rouler"  begin!!!I attended a party here and we had a special menu, so it was great food but it may be a speciality. I had the summer salad with manchego cheese and greens, a pleasant summer mix. Then, I had the drum fish with an almondine sauce that was tasty but too salty overall. It was a generous portion. The best part was the dessert! I had the key lime pie which was deconstruction style, the crust was crumbled across the plate with an ice cream key lime and a ginger foam, which was delicious!! The service was excellent too.Just left New Orleans about 2 days ago and I am still thinking about my meal from Borgne.  I was visiting with a group of girlfriends for a bachelorette party (yes, it was epic- thanks for asking) and we decided our last big dinner together would be at Borgne.  Best decision ever. (Thank you, Audra B. for the reservation!) 
The restaurant is in the business district, which was a nice break from all the noise.  Its located in the Hyatt hotel. The place itself is fun and modern.  The pillars in the middle of the restaurant were adorned with oyster shells. Pretty cool. Our group of 13 was quite the table but our server was excellent (and very patient).  
For starters, a few of us decided to split a dozen raw oysters.  Very light on the briney side, and perfectly sized. Some of the best oysters I've had.  Congratulations, Lousiana! I would have preferred a bit of vinegar, but the oysters were so light, vinegar wasnt needed. A dozen set us back about $15.  I could have eaten a dozen more. 
For my entree I got the oyster spaghetti. Made with creamy garlicy oyster broth and a nice amount of oysters. Was a favorite among the table.  I also tried some of the hanger steak which was also very good.  The steak had a nice rub on it, which had a bit of a middle eastern flare to it.  I also tried the duck poppers (they will change your life) and the charbroiled oysters, courtesy of Audra B. Stellar choices.  
Once we were almost finished, our server brought us a side of potatoes with chorizo.  Wow again. I normally look past sides on most menus but these are a must have. I wish these were in Philadelphia, because i'd eat these for brunch all day, every day. 
All in all, this place is a must visit in New Orleans!!great food and service. twice baked chicken amazingly tasty and my hub and I shared, plenty of food. casual atmosphere - as many reviewers have said cafe style tables and chairs but good nonetheless.Best meal so far in NOLA. Maybe the best swordfish steak ever. This is apparently one of four John Besh restaurants and if the others are like this then hit 'em all. Dessert (Nutella pudding with milk sorbet(?) was divine. Drinks inventive and yummy. Our waiter Joseph was everything one hopes for-attentive, entertaining and helpful without being 'in your face'. Ignore the fact this is in the Hyatt - irrelevant, as this joint could with no effort be a good standalone. Decor a little lacking, but between the food, service and prices (I think it is $$ and not $$$), who cares! Go and go again!Wanted to love it. But I didn't.  Garlic shrimp poboy was good and spicy but I didn't even notice the promised roasted eggplant spread. Fries are greasy. White sangria has to much vodka. Oh well. I would, however, definitely be "Borgne again."GREAT FOOD!  The place is inside the Hyatt Regency and it is actually OK looking.  I mean it's not fine dining, people, so you can wear casual.  But the flavors were spot on.
I had the oyster spaghetti, raw oysters, and gumbo (hey hey...my friends helped with the food - my momma taught me to share).  I also tried the duck poppers (deeeeelicious....flavors mixed so well together...so savory) and the grilled squid appetizer (again....deeeelicious).  Oysters were fresh and gumbo was good.  The fish in a bag was good and very flavorful and I don't throw that kind of compliment lightly when it comes to fish. It's hard to get good flavor in my opinion.   The oyster spaghetti was rich and full of oysters. Plump, yummy oysters.  
I also tried the fried chicken...it was sou-vied then fried. So don't panic or freak out when you see "red" by the bone. It's not raw.  I didn't like it much. Had better fried chicken...sometimes it's better to go to a mom and pop place for fried chicken.
We went in the middle of the week so it wasn't crowded. :)  The hostess could've been a lot more welcoming (she wasn't mean or rude....but just needs to really smile and be warm).  
Happy eating!Came here while we were on vacation in New Orleans for my birthday, we heard such great things about it and the Hyatt Regency New Orleans promoted it as if it were one of its own restaurants, boy were we wrong! Food was just ok, tapas were probably the best thing on their menu and the customer service was absolutely horrible! Food was very over priced not a good experience! Go spend your money somewhere else!!You can't throw a stone in NOLA without hitting a John Besh restaurant. Borne is a reason why. A wonderful restaurant and atmosphere. Love the oyster shell columns. The food was wonderful and the drink selection is nice.This restaurant just opened and is a must try. 
The atmosphere is great and decor is cool. The concrete pillars are encased with huge oyster shells and there are 10 different chalk boards showcasing the fresh fish, alcoholic beverages and explanations of why the restaurant does what it does. The staff is friendly, efficient and provide great explanations on the menu. 
Now the food...Awesome! I was here for an appetizer night and nothing disappointed. Oyster stew and duck poppers were out of this world with flavor. The pork butt empanadas melted in your mouth and the fried shrimp toast was a unique idea and very tasty. There was several other great appetizers, but the ones mentions above were the highlights. I'll definitely be back to try a real dinner here .John Besh should NOT put his name to this restaurant. 
Unfortunately, it is the first  place that does not meet the standards of ambiance, atmosphere, finesse and quality that I have loved in every other John Besh restaurant...and I have been to them all. 
It wasnt BAD--it just wasn't great. Corporate decor, food that lacked any finesse, an atmosphere not unlike a school cafeteria, mind-numbing sound level. 
I do not need to ever go back. Too bad.Nice environment. The fried oyster BLT on their lunch menu is absolutely amazing. The other food we ordered is good but average, including raw oyster, shrimp po-boy and catfish slider. Their bread is pretty good tooThis was my last "snack" before heading back to Denver and it was filling, tasty and satisfying. We had the pork empanadas they had a slight kick and a nice mayo based dipping sauce. This is the only item we had and we enjoyed it! It was served on a dish towel stacked- interesting presentation - check out the pic!
Ooh and we liked the bread served in a bag with fresh whipped butter- yum!Yum! I wasnt too enthused to try a restaurant in a vacation spot inside a hotel but i was grateful to our client for taking us here. The appetizers were so so good! Shrimp toast and bacon wrapped duck, I could not stop talking about it afterward and really wanted the last bite! haha Great appetizers and although I couldnt make it to happy hour, I saw that they had great happy hour options. My salad for lunch was ok, but I highly recommend coming here during happy hour and trying their appetizers for a happy belly :)Wow!  Our experience here was so great!  First of all, they were so nice and accommodating to our group of 15.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable, patient and kind.  Our drinks stayed full and our food came out all together!  The food, oh the food!!!  Sooooo good!  Everything I tried was excellent.  Don't miss the duck poppers or the black drum.  The angel hair pasta and fried chicken were also both incredible!  Great place for seafood.  Definitely one of the best meals we had while in NOLA!I was staying at the Hyatt Regency for a course, and I wanted to have a good meal. Since it was raining, I decided to try Borgne because of the good reviews. I was not disappointed. I ate at the bar and experienced really great service. The bar servers really knew the food, and made solid recommendations for dinner and accompanying drinks, sides, etc. I would definitely eat here again.Absolutely amazing! I usually stay away from hotel restaurants but this was recommended by a local. I'm so glad I went. Great, fresh and high end food. I was pleasantly surprised by their happy hour menu which is only $5 a plate. I ordered the catfish sliders and the summer squash parmesan! The catfish was fried to perfection and the bread was freshly baked and melted in my mouth. The sauce was perfect and really brought together all the flavors. The summer squash was so flavorful and rich. The portions were much larger than expected, I had to box up almost half of it. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. I'm surprised more people do not come for happy hour! I will definitely be returning!We went with a large table for a Christmas dinner and every last one of us loved it! we are a family of foodies and cannot express how much we loved it.  Because there were so many of us we got to try a lot of different things...oyster and Duck appetizers, alligator soup, fish with crab with pecans, fish in parchment paper, and the risotto. I have been to Italy and eaten a lot of risotto and this was by far one of my favorites of all time and the oysters...they had a small kick to the end and were fabulous.  The wait staff was super friendly and relaxed, and I would say it was fine dining in a casual atmosphere.We ate here two out of three nights during a convention last year. Back to meet friends for dinner. Happy hour us one of the best in the city with 5 dollar tapas plates and great beer and drink specials. Hot fresh baked bread with Fennel seeds and butter came to table 1st. A dozen raw oysters to share. Catfish sliders are no brainer also had  smoked tuna dip and chorizo grilled cheese. 7 people for under 120 with drinks at a Besch restaurant? Winner, winner...The seafood here is amazing!!! It is fresh and the shrimp was to die for!!!  The salad was delicious but the pasta could have used some more flavor as it was a little bland.  The seafood tower on the otherhand was delicious.  All of the seafood had great flavor and was perfectly seasoned.The food was excellent . We had the duck poppers, shrimp and corn bisque. I had the stuffed flounder which was to die for. My husband had the stuffed crab special which was ok  but next time he would try a fish dish.  We had the blackout cake and fried apple pies for dessert. We will go back again.I'm not completely sure how to rate this place. I tasted the food but not completely. Somehow the waiter mistook seafood stuffed flounder with stuffed artichoke.
Yes I realize everyone makes mistakes (massively guilty here) but really? If you are not paying attention to your customer then is this a quality restaurant I want to spend time at?Nice decor, $11 bloody Mary's; on our way to the Saints vs Bronco game with Eve. This was a nice pre-game drink of which Eve ended up giving me half her drink. Such a light weight: 11/13/2016I read a lot of good press for John Besh's newest restaurant but was fairly disappointed. For a main I ordered fish in a bag, which came out cooked unevenly at best. After showing the purple bottom of the fish to our waiter, I was given many apologies and some explanations (something about stacking the trays on top of each other in the oven -- a confusing decision with the restaurant being at most 1/4 full at the time). Perhaps worse than the original dish (mistakes do happen) was the properly cooked one. It was fine, but the tomatoes and caramelized onions couldn't really help a fairly bland piece of fish. Too many good places in the city for a return visit.We had oyster stee, a shrimp po' boy, and thursday's special, pork ropa vieja. All was fantastic. Culinarily outstanding, excellent service from rachel. Wonderful menu. Only hangup: no soda refills.....really?!?!?Overall food was good but giving three stars due to value. 
My fiancé and I came here for Christmas Eve dinner and selected based on the other reviews. We had the option of the Prefix or A la carte menu and chose the A la carte since the prefix seemed overpriced. Ended up still spending ~$200 for 1 appetizer, oysters, 2 entrees, 1 side, and 1 glass of wine. 
The duck poppers were okay- fairly tasty but nothing too memorable. Oysters were like any other place but given the deals at other local restaurants $35 for a platter seemed steep. Was really disappointed when the main entrees came out. My fiancé ordered the hanger steak which was literally 5 or 6 small cubes (maybe 4 oz portion if that) of meat on a few leaves of kale. I had the flounder, which was a whole fish and fairly flavorful with the breading, but served without anything else thus why I had ordered the side. Since my fiancé's entree was so small he ended up eating the side to fill up. 
I'm hoping this isn't the normal deal - perhaps given the holidays they went with a different menu that was a bit higher priced. Other reviews seem more favorable and when I had looked at the menu for a nice holiday dinner is seemed reasonable. What we got wasn't because the prefix was not advertised. I'd call ahead if visiting during holidays. 
Do want to say that overall service and interaction with staff was great hence the 3 stars.The fish in the bag and stuffed flounder were fantastic.  The oysters were okay.  The grilled octopus was tender and delicious.  The atmosphere was only okay - clean, wide open, but felt  more cafeteria like than expected.We had dinner for our group before a convention we were attending. The service was great, the food was great and the wine was great. I would highly recommend have a group or small party get together here.Food was excellent. Definitely would recommend if your are staying at the Hyatt Regency Hotel. I would go out if my way to come here but if your at the hotel i would recommend it. I had the Gumbo and Garlic Butter Broiled Oysters, awesome food.John Besh put his name on this restaurant but it's hard to believe he put much time into making sure it was a great restaurant. The food is average, the service is competent, the atmosphere leaves much to be desired. The prices don't justify the experience.
The Black Drum A La Plancha ($30) was heavy and oily with no acid or anything to cut the overwhelming butteriness of the dish. The duck gumbo ($8) tasted slightly burnt. The grilled romaine heart salad ($10) came sprinkled with unappealing shards of dried ham that were not declared on the menu description and horrified a dining companion who does not eat pork. The oyster spaghetti ($20) was a small portion of a merely passable riff on a standard garlic seafood pasta.
Yeah, I just don't know. I think Besh is trading on his name here. This really isn't that great a restaurant. The location is annoying, and the big windows make you feel like you're an unhappy fish in a very boring aquarium. The decor is clean but a little corporate. The service is OK but complaints are met with dumb stares rather than any kind of explanation or action. Back to the drawing board, guys.Impressive for a hotel restaurant. Had the fried oyster and pork belly sandwich The pork belly was incredible, it melted when I cut into it. 
Very filling.Awesome time there. The server Katie was knowledgeable and attentive, the timing of our courses was perfect. And the food was better than it should have been. 
Likes the ambiance, didn't get to try any of their cocktails. Their oysters were huge and juicy though.So many things right with Borgne that I don't know where to start! 
Executive Chef Brian Landry is THE MAN!!! Chef and his team have assembled an incredible menu. We were treated to a special selection of items that will hopefully be popping up on the menu in the Spring. Not going to spoil the surprise but if you see the chowder order it! When you get to the bottom you'll want to lick the bowl, it's that good. 
Now I'm not a big dessert person but the hazelnut pudding with condensed milk sorbet will go down as the greatest dessert ever! So much could have gone wrong with this combination but Chef Landry and his dessert chef achieved perfect balance with this dish. 
To wrap it up my over all experience was great, from the decor to the friendly staff everything was perfect!The food is expensive but tasted great (best calamari I've ever had). Would probably pass on the cocktails if I go ever go back.Four stars for lunch. About ten bucks for something really good (check their website to see the daily specials.) We had the catfish, which was great; moist and sweet, and came on rice with an excellent sauce. We also got a smoked octopus salad ( slightly more than ten) and it was enough for lunch. It was beautiful ( see pictures) and really well prepared. I highly recommend it if you like octopus. The bread that comes with a meal is hot, delicious, and satisfied the bread snob in me. I could actually have just had bread and been really happy. I was not a huge fan of the key lime pie for dessert, but it was fine. It was 'deconstructed,' and think I would have enjoyed it more if it was 'constructed.'
The ambiance was nice (very modern) but know that it's in a hotel which is kind of a drawback as it therefore lacked some New Orleans' charm. 
The waitstaff was fine, but the hostess was awful. She tried to seat us next to the bathroom in an almost empty restaurant. Uhm, NO. WRONG.  Husband complained of course, and even though she did (grudgingly) agree to move us it set a not great tone for lunch. He never really got over it, which was too bad as it affected his enjoyment/appreciation for the food. It's really too sad when a restaurant with such a talented kitchen staff doesn't set a welcoming tone. If my husband were writing this review he would give three stars overall because of the hostess. I've worked in a lot of restaurants and don't want to punish perfectly adequate waitstaff and a really talented kitchen because of one person's foolishness. So four stars.
PS There's some sort of secret happy hour menu ( ok, not a secret, but they don't decide what it's going to be until happy hour starts so might be kind of hit or miss, but I'd check it out if I were you.)Chef John Besh is a curious individual; I always hesitate to recommend him (he's like a Woody Allen film; he's probably not for everybody no matter how good he is, and when he's bad, fans will still love him); but I never hesitate to try his food.   He does variations on local traditions, and if you're a local and a purist, you might have some objections that a visitor might not have.   Just to take one example, the bag of hot bread that comes with everything has fennel seeds on it, which can be startling if you're sopping a sauce and expecting Leidenheimer's modesty.
Similarly, the (seasonal) crawfish bread isn't Jazz Fest-y, but an inspired cheesy, starchy, bit of genius all the same.  Maybe in deference to tourists (Borgne is in the Hyatt), the cheese is less sharp than I wanted it to be, and the spice was a little too subtle, but I was tempted to lick the plate anyway.   (There's a drink on the menu that's also inspired by the tea you get at Jazz Fest, and I've completely forgotten what it's called, but if you ask, they'll tell you.). 
Charbroiled oysters aren't quite what you'll get at Drago's, Acme, the Blind Pelican, or whatever, but I had to ask for more bread to finish the job: the sauce isn't to be wasted. To reiterate, these are Besh-variations, not slavish imitations.
Gumbo: duck and andouille, darker roux, not too salty.  The gumbo is always the real test, isn't it, and as individual as the customer.  Four stars, five if you put a spoonful, of butter in it before you start.
The seafood is almost all local.  I always ask.
The drinks menu is very good, mostly top- and middle-shelf variations on old favorites, often with a pleasant twist.   The wine-list is more than ordinarily interesting, and the staff are professional, attentive, and friendly.
Price is high enough that if you're on a budget you should stick with a sure thing, but if you're feeling adventuresome and open-minded, Borgne can be interesting for the local as well as the tourist.If you want a taste of contemporary New Orleans cuisine, this is it. From the food to the decor, Borgne does an excellent job of embodying the essence of the Gulf Coast in a modern fashion.
The bar program is pretty sweet; they have a great selection of local and imported beers. Their cocktails aren't half bad either. My favorite drink is the Hammered Tin Cup.
If you go to Borgne and don't get the turkey necks, you're doing a disservice to yourself. If you haven't had them, you have to try them! Sweet, savory, and slightly spicy. They are so tender, they fall apart,  and they literally melt in your mouth. 
The octopus is mind blowing. They slow cook it I'm a sous vide machine, so it comes out incredibly tender. It may be the best octopus I've had, and I've traveled around the Mediterranean before!
Some other noteworthy apps are the civiche and duck poppers.
Entree wise, my favorite (and cheapest!) is the twice cooked chicken. It's absurdly good, and the portion is pretty large as well. The stuffed flounder is pretty tasty too if you're in the mood for seafood instead. I'd also recommend the oyster spaghetti. I'm not particularly fond of the fish in the bag, but a lot of other people seem to love it, so check that out if it sounds appealing to you.
The Brussel sprouts are very good as far as sides go.
The lunch specials are a pretty good deal at $10 a plate, but I have yet to try any. I have had the dip sandwich though! Get it!
For dessert, chocolate hazelnut pudding! Nuff said.
Sometimes it can be a bit noisy so it may not be the best place to take a date on a weekend, but during the week it's a bit more quietDo yourself a favor and skip Borgne and go to Luke, Acme Oyster House, Mr. B's, Cochon or any random restaurant in New Orleans.
I honestly don't understand all of the good reviews for this restaurant. My party of 6 was greeted upon arrival by a nasty hostess. We arrived at about 3:30 pm on a Saturday without a reservation. The restaurant was completely empty and she scolded us by stating that the restaurant had been booked solid for last two weeks and that she could do us a favor by offering us a seat at the bar. There were literally no more than 20 people in the entire restaurant I'm pretty sure I heard some crickets.  The experience felt like some kind of practical joke.
We were saved by a very nice waiter from New Jersey who told the hostile hostess that he would take care of us at one of his tables. Jersey boy's service was great.
Now let's get to the food. We ordered the broiled Louisiana oysters; they were covered in loads of breadcrumbs.  The loads of breadcrumbs were completely unnecessary and ruined the dish. We also ordered the duck poppers. The poppers were nothing special and just tasted like bacon. Pork empanadas were subpar...oyster spaghetti was just ok...the fish in a bag was the only dish that was well seasoned and pretty tasty.
All in all a wasted culinary experience which my party of 6 may never have let me live down if it weren't for more successful restaurant experiences like Mr. B's and Cochon plus the waiter.Being an oyster and general seafood fan, Borgne appeals to both of these as well as keeping ingredients as locally sourced as possible.  I've been to this place a number of times and it never disappoints.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable regarding the menu and can help you find something that suits you. 
I've had a variety of items from their menu and among my favorites are the Oysters Amandine  - a salad on their lunch menu, but it can be ordered for dinner, the Oyster Spaghetti - very creamy sauce made from the oyster liquor and lastly, something that's not seafood, Crispy Pork Shank - a slow cooked shank that's flash fried and is fall off the bone delicious.  Fred Flintstone would've been lucky to get one of these all to his own.  
Being attached to a hotel, the atmosphere is business casual-ish and the vibe is very upbeat.  I'll continue to go back and recommend this place to anyone looking to experience seafood Besh style.Great bartender, good oysters, not your average "hotel bar/restaurant" so bravo New Orleans. Bartender was friendly and helpful with a friend who couldn't pick a drink in making recommendations. Food was good. Only negative I could come up with was bluntly the hostesses seemed more interested in chatting and being on their phones than in welcoming guests to the restaurant but I can get over that pretty quickly. I really liked that our bartender took the time to make recommendations on where to go/not to go and not be annoyed by out of towners too!Another amazing experience at Bourne with our water John shenamen he was great.  The food was perfect. And we continue to come to this John Besh restaurant because of the people and the food.This restaurant is BY FAR one of my favorites! I would have given it 5 stars if only...well we'll get to that later.
Here are the appetizers I tried:
Broiled Louisiana Oysters- These are FANTASTIC! I could have eaten a whole plate to myself and almost did! I love the crispy topping.
Duck Poppers- They're ALL THAT and more. I was skeptical after reading so many rave reviews, but they're just as awesome as everyone else thinks they are.
Slow Smoked Pork Empanadas- Maybe it's because I grew up with Cuban & Spanish Cuisine, but these weren't as tasty as I was hoping.
Goat Cheese A La Plancha- By far, my favorite appetizer. Even more than the duck poppers! If you like melt-in-your-mouth cheese & crispy-crunchy anything, you'll love these! 
Entrees I tried:
Louisiana White Shrimp Risotto- This is why I'm giving the restaurant 4 stars. The Risotto was VERY heavy and not at all fall across the plate & delicate like I've had at other restaurants. The shrimp was overcooked too. Great tasting, just heavy.
Sheepshead Fish in a Bag- AMAZING! I think I'm still having dreams about all the different layers of flavor. The fish was cooked to perfection and the veggies screamed with flavor!
Dessert I tried:
Lime Ice Box Parfait- Very tasty, the components when eaten separately were not as tasty as when eaten together.
Chocolate Hazelnut Puddin- BEST dessert of the evening! SO good! I'm pretty sure I stole my husband's last spoonful.
I will definitely be returning to try more dishes! Thanks for such an awesome relaxing experience that tickled my taste buds. You definitely left me wanting more, Borgne!Food Amazing -service was stellar!!! I definitely will be back!!! The Fried Shrimp PoBoy and Fried pickles were greatTerrific service in the bar for lunch, and we all enjoyed an attractive, good tasting lunch. Most definitely will return.
Gumbo
Fish in a Bag
Rabbit and Fennel Pasta
Fried Apple PieHave a great happy hour and cool atmosphere! I've come many times during happy hour and tried different things on there tapas menu. Everything I've gotten I loved!While staying at the Hyatt came here for two late night visits: one for Oysters and the other for dessert. Both were really good. Very reasonably priced, especially considering that it's in a hotel, loved getting 6 oysters for $10 or so. Very good service and easy.Excelente. Tudo muito bom.  Fica dentro do Hyatt mas tem acesso livre. Vale à pena.Great menu and service.  The fried eggplant with this whipped mahon cheese dip was awesome. The bartender had a fantastic beard. Will return.We loved our server Cody and really enjoyed our food. We were disappointed the place wasn't packed because the food and drinks were delicious. I had the black drum fish with pecans and it was sooooooo good. My BFF got the fish in a bag special which was also delicious. The shrimp toast apps were not what I expected at all and we ordered another order because they were so good. The service was great and super accommodating to our large group.I absolutely loved this place. The food was delicious, the atmosphere was perfect and the service was AMAZING. Jenna was our server and she was very attentive. She was pleasant, friendly and constantly checked on us with a smile. I will definitely be returning in the near future.Average hotel restaurant. Bland atmosphere and ok food. Sides were uninspired and the fish was fine. Shrimp were a bit overcooked. Cocktails were overly sugary. 
Service was good, but overall the restaurant didn't meet the expectations based on previous reviews.Amazing food and dessert. The Black Drum is incredible. A
Little noisy but that's about to be fixed. A must see.So many great things to say about this restaurant ! Love the atmosphere, for starters. Appetizers to die for : pork empanadas, crispy calamari and beautiful, fresh raw oysters. Alligator soup, modeled after traditional turtle soup is amazing. Gumbo has a rich, dark roux and is tasty. Desserts are beautifully presented and worth the splurge! We will definitely go back! Great pre dinner for any event at dome or arena!This place is good.  Delicious fresh oysters, intensely flavorful grilled octopus, and quick, effective service.  I think some of the prices are on the high side which is why I'm giving it a 4 stars.  Etoufee should not cost over $20.  I ate here due to convenience and it happened to taste good.  Otherwise I would have eaten somewhere else due to the price.  But it is attached to the Hyatt.  Any restaurant attached to a hotel is pricey.Quite possibly the best seafood in New Orleans. Menu choices change, which is always a sign of a great fresh Resturaunt. Service was superb. Joe was our waiter, excellent knowledge of their food, quick to refill a drink or offer an opinion. I will be back! Love this place.I'm visiting New Orleans for the weekend for a medical conference. Decided to try this place out. Or Easters of ever had in my life. Service is great and  food fresh.  if you're looking for amazing seafood in New Orleans, look no further .The service was fantastic here, very nice and friendly. The ambiance was also quite nice. I wasn't impressed by the food (had the shrimp poboy) and so I've got to give it a 3, because really, the food is the most important part for me!The experience was less than satisfying. We reserved the spot for our anniversary dinner, and had no problems checking in and being seated. However our server, whom we didn't even know was our server, walked past us many times before finally stopping and taking our drink order. She also brought us bread with no silverware or napkins, and walked by us several more times before catching on that we were trying to get her attention. The appetizer of duck jalepeno bites was absolutely delicious. Best thing we ate all night. I ordered from the raw bar, a dozen oysters, and my husband ordered the steak and truffle parmesan fries. My oysters came out on very dirty oyster shells, and were only half cut away from the shells. They tasted fine, but the presentation and the way I prefer to eat them was less than optimum. My husband's steak came with butter on top of the steak and an extra side of butter. Our server admitted that it wasn't plated the way she usually saw it, and couldn't explain what it was for. The fries were very soggy and almost cold. The steak was delicious, however. We ordered the Dark Angel dessert, and angel food cake and chocolate mousse concoction, but were only given a tiny piece of cake, with a huge serving of mousse and ice cream. It was visually very unappealing. Our server once again told us that is not how it was supposed to be plated, and was actually much different looking than she had ever seen it. She was very nice and took away our dessert, and brought us drinks, but the overall issues of the dinner far outweighed the drinks. We were left wishing we had spent our anniversary somewhere different. Being out of town for the occasion, we probably won't have an opportunity to revisit, but definitely wouldn't be inclined to after the small but consistent issues.Disappointed after hearing great things about it. The fish ordered was over salted and the Brussels sprouts were soggy. Everyone who worked there was very nice but nothing really makes up for mediocre food.I feel like i'm letting a secret out of the bag and I almost regret it. The happy hour here is not to be missed. I've never encountered a crowd here. Great for me but not so great for them. The catfish buns, the turkey necks, the pasta are all amazing. They have $5 plates from 3-6. I've almost never had a problem parking on Loyola when driving plus there's a bike rack just outside. The atmosphere is sleek and clean and I like that ! I've enjoyed getting to know the staff especially Max since he's from Long Island too. They'll come a day when this neighborhood will be a lot more crowded and I'll get to say I remember when.....This was our first place to have lunch when we made it to New Orleans. Great food great service. A little bit on the pricey side especially when there's so many other options down there. But no regrets.Wow.     Great ambiance.  DRinks.  Wait staff.   Calamari, crabs, salad, fish in a bag were all delicious and fresh.  The octopus was also very fresh and grilled to perfection.   Great place for group parties and hip atmosphereI've been a big fan of Chef John Besh for years, but this was my first opportunity to have a meal at Borgne. Located within the Hyatt Regency New Orleans, Borgne essentially greets you at the front door. 
We walked in and were immediately seated without a reservation. We heard about the types of fish being used throughout the menu and all ordered the sangria. Ours was weak or perhaps diluted with too much ice, but the rest of the meal was so good that I just ignored this issue in awarding stars for this review. We stirred to see if the spirit was at the bottom, but it was just weak. 
The octopus with curried hummus was super tender. The hummus had great curry flavor, and at the center there were garlic chips and capers that were almost a hidden burst of flavor surprise. Amazing. 
The duck poppers. Salty, sweet, savory, spicy, bacon-y, slightly cheesy, will leaving you mopping the plate for every drizzle of sauce goodness. That is all. 
Fish in a bag - Chef's award-winning dish. Mahi mahi over fennel, caramelized onions, spinach, and grape tomatoes. Crab fat butter on top. All enclosed in a parchment bag and steamed in the oven, served in a closed bag, which is cut open by the server. Light, but decadent with the onions. 
Scallops and sea beans. I expected saltiness because of the briney sea beans. The scallops were well seasoned and perfectly cooked on top of garlic pesto couscous. Really good, but you'll want to drink more water. 
We passed on dessert, but our server was extremely nice, food passers were friendly, and even the person refilling waters was warm and welcoming. 
There is a long, inviting bar within the restaurant as well. They are currently advertising "Downtown Tuesdays" - happy hour extends to 7pm. 
See pics.Tapas were good. Octopus with the humus was very good. Liked the pork empanadas  service was excellent. Fresh shucked oysters were a little too big for our liking. Crawfish croquettes were crispy on the outside and good inside. Would always recommend coming here.I stumbled across Borgne at the hotel I was speaking at this week. My lunch was hands down the best meal I ate in NOLA during my visit. The fish in a bag was overflowing with flavor and cooked to perfection. Likewise my salad was very fresh and dressed perfectly.Came with a party of 10 - promptly seated, and the wait staff was great - well-informed, attentive, professional, and nice.  Had some oysters on the half shell (fresh and delicious), turkey neck (fantastic), poppers (wow), and the scallops (nicely done).  The beer was good, too, had a local IPA - hopatchoulis or something - tasty and not overpowering.  My first time in New Orleans, the food is amazing here!We booked a party of 21, preordered some appetizers before arriving, then sat and had some delicious entrees with some outstanding cocktails. Greg, our server, gave us 110% of his attention and took great care of us. Our drinks were never empty and our meals came out quickly. The happy hour small plates were perfect appetizers and a great price ($5). The shrimp toast is a must. Thank you, Greg and Borgne, for a memorable night.Had Christmas dinner there with family. The serves would bring out your food without clearing the table first. Then look at you like you were supposed to do it. Nobody replaced utensils so twice we just sat there looking at our food until someone meandered by....The food was good (not great) and the portions were small. The service and food was not worth the prices......Terrific happy hour daily from 3-6 with $7 carafes of sangria among other reduced drink prices. Also have $5 app offerings that are delicious. We especially loved the catfish sliders! 
Lunch was a bit of a disappointment however with an overcooked pork chop. But we'd definitely return for the happy hour.I was staying at the Hyatt Regency and I ate on valentines day on this restaurant and I was really happy I did... Valentines day is a busy day and they found a table for me, I waited a little at the bar area and I enjoyed two drinks and oysters and it was al delicious... When I was in my table the guy who was taking care of us was a very very nice guy and the service was great and the food.. it is a shame I don't remember his name but he was really nice... For me this is the best restaurant of the Hotel..Went here to watch Saints/Eagles and celebrate my birthday.  It belongs in the discussion of notable New Orleans restaurants with its interesting array of seafood appetizers and entrees. I've dined here several times in the past two years and have enjoyed most aspects of the meal. Specifically, the salad and oyster appetizers are very good. Each of us had the black drum with crab meat on top. It was a good size portion of fish that we couldn't finish. Not overlooked or over seasoned which some restaurants tend to do. The beer/wine selection is nice with lots of local/regional brews available on tap. We had the pudding for dessert that was pretty amazing based on the waiter's suggestion. I highly recommend borgne as a place to go when you don't want to go somewhere in the quarter. Easy valet in and out ($10).The best meal we had in NOLA.  In the CBD so it has more room.   Food was excellent, service was perfect, easy to get a reservation, tons of room to eat at the bar.  'What's not to like' as John Besh would say!  It's all about seafood there, so if you're looking for a stakhouse, forget it.  I think they have two meat dishes for main courses, and I'm sure they'd be great, but that is not what it's all about at Borgne.I had the half dozen row oysters as an appetizer was very good and the place is so nice and modern highly recommendedExcellent HH!!! It's from 3-6 and I got there around 5. Easy enough to park out front or next street over. Bartenders were attentive but didn't crowd us. Started with a half priced glass of sparkling rose then onto pitchers of delightful wine sangria. Then we enjoyed the savory bread pudding and summer corn salad. Enough for the two of us to have a few bites each. Made for a perfect Monday happy hour!Came here to kill some time between visits with my mother in the hospital. Im really glad i came cuz i will definately be back.
Took a seat at the bar omg its the longest bar ive ever seen i think the Bartender Aaron told me it seats 35 peeps? Took a look at the menu which was a small clipboard? and decided on Canary Island Ice Pick cocktail some crawfish croquettas and blue crab bisque. The cocktail was great i had 2. The crawfish croquettas were amazing maybe the best appetizers ive ever tried. I cant believe at happy hour they are only .50 cents?? I like that it seemed like they used dong phuong bread but it wasnt hot :( My least fav dish was the soup it was more of a cream of crab bisque cuz their wasnt much crab.
Service was great im not sure if chef Brian Landry informs all his staff  about the dishes or if my server Aaron is an enthusiastic foodie. Cant wait to get back to try the Oyster Spaghetti or Pompano!Highlights:
Duck Poppers: HOLY CRAP! Culinarily one of the most impressive dishes I've ever had with layer upon layer of flavor as well as a heat that keeps kicking even after you are finished. 
Red Beans and Rice: Definitely the best I've ever had!
Key Lime Pie with Black Rum Ice Cream: A deconstructed version of traditional pie, with some of the best ice cream I've ever had. Again, the flavor profile is impressive with everything coming together in one, perfect bite.We had heard mixed reviews but decided to eat here mainly because of the location-attending an Eagles concert next door at Smoothie King Center and it is a perfect stop before that. They were even playing Eagles music in the restaurant to get everyone in the mood for the concert! VERY attentive staff. Manager made a cocktail suggestion after I told him what I was in the mood for and it was very good. I had oyster spaghetti dish which I enjoyed. My husband had a sandwich and enjoyed it as well. It was large and he could not finish it all.
Drawbacks- really loud and chairs are not too comfortable.Ridiculously good food and waiter!
We read that the apps & desserts stole the show here so we started with the duck poppers, cooked cheese, ceviche, and bread. All of these things were moan-worthy. I think I liked the ceviche best but wouldn't want to give up bites of the others either. For dinner I was boring and went with the steak--holy cow was it delicious. Everyone loved their entrees more than expected based on other reviews. From soup to shrimp we all stopped talking for 30 minutes which is unusual. Cocktails and goblets of beer complimented the food without distracting from anything. We were stuffed by the end but our waiter's recommendations had been so spot-on all night we took his advice and went with the "Nutella" pudding & apple cake. They were small and yummy and quickly vanished as well.
We've eaten at the other big name places in Nola and being from DC/NYC are not strangers to high-end restaurants. I'd recommend this one over all others locally thus far. Don't be confused by it's location adjacent to the hotel!All I can say is don't come at between lunch and dinner. I would describe the service as horrible. Even though there was plenty of staff, they were discombobulated. They were far more concerned with end of shift / beginning of shift stuff, they couldn't be bothered to take our drink order for twenty minutes, no iced tea brewed, etc. Our waiter was very nice, but busy with side work.
John- if you guys are too busy between shifts- close for two hours! Better I didn't go in at all, then be ticked off.
Char grilled octopus was absolutely incredible. If you go- try it. Oysters were great, but how hard is it to shuck an oyster? I'm sure the menu has lots of winners, but I won't be back to find out.I went to Borgne on Friday, Feb. 23 with my boyfriend for dinner. We didn't have reservations and were seated immediately, which was great.
Food was excellent. I had the seafood pasta and my bf had the seafood platter. The restaurant was pretty busy but we still had great service and a nice waitress.
They did let a group of sorority? girls at the table behind us sing loudly in the hall way near our table for quite awhile. Funny at first but it got kind of annoying. Other than that we had a nice meal.Only giving 2 stars because I have give at least one star and a second for our server. I have eaten at many places in the city and this was one of the worst. I've had better looking tacos (redfish tacos) from Taco Bell's dollar menu. Portions were bad especially for the price. Our waitress was very kind and knowledgeable of the menu, but unfortunately this is the only good thing I have to say about this place.Love everything about this place. Our waiter Patrick was fantastic and the food was extremely delicious. Definitely recommend the turkey necks, they are a great appetizer and perfect for two people. The pasta is incredible. Can't wait to go backHad calamari and shrimp toast for appetizers. Absolutely delicious!! Then had pork chop with beans and rice. Also delicious! Yes, I would recommend it!Overall a good experience at this restaurant. Our server had a great sense of humor, was attentive to our needs and food came out in a reasonable time. All food was delicious and would recommend trying this place if staying at the Hyatt or work near by. 
For everyone else in town, may I suggest venturing out somewhere else. While again the food was good, I felt as though it was a bit pricey for fried southern food, the menu and servers do not provide the best detail of the dishes which can be concerning if someone has good allergies.
With all that said, I will be coming back here for bar. Especially since I work next door.The menu is diverse and celebrates authentic New Orleans fare. We sampled several menu items. Our server, Hector was especially attentive and pleasant. Stay away from the chain restaurants and 'tourist traps'. Treat yourself to an amazing dining experience.Our waitress was very attentive and helpful. I had the stuffed flounder which was good but I found it a little dry. The atmosphere was nice and comfortable. The restaurant was clean and well maintained.The duck poppers were very good but not spicy.  I had the house oysters and they were large and fresh.  The special was a whole fish and although it was good it was greasy.  The atmosphere was nice but too bright and it felt connected to the hotel.If you come here for lunch, definitely try to BBQ shrimp po boy.  There is nothing light or healthy about this sandwich, but it is worth every calorie!  There is a generous portion of shrimp served on French bread inside a pan and covered with sauce.  If you have any room after that, it also comes with a large side of French fries.Delicious! The service was impeccable from giving recommendations on the menu to telling us of specials (tapas) on different days. Had the raw oysters and there was no sand like another person posted. The duck poppers were delicious and had the craw fish angel hair pasta wonderful. Great flavours on everything and great service also.Went with 12 people for brunch. Tried their special, rabbit gumbo. It was okay. Had a couple mimosas. They were also alright. My husband had the Bloody Mary and did not like that. The server forgot to get some of our orders at first but overall he was polite.This restaurant is in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency, and was recommended to me by the concierge at my hotel.  You must know that this is a hotel restaurant.  It isn't a New Orleans classic and it isn't a place you should go if you want the true authentic New Orleans experience.  In fact it would be very easy to forget you're in New Orleans.  The place is very open and spacious and did have a "cafeteria" feel like some others have pointed out.  The bar looks like an airport bar.  Although the food was decent, this wasn't what I was looking for when I asked my concierge for an authentic NOLA experience.Lifesaving hangover meal done right!  Post night one of Jazzfest...hurting for sure. Friend and I had brunch and "hair of the dog" at this very nice restaurant in the Hyatt.  Bloody Mary w/ all the fixings was great. Good beer list.  Split an excellent Roast Beef Po'Boy and some very good fried chicken... Watched some sports, got our act together with a full stomach....on to day 2 of Jazzfest! Thanks guys!Not impressed 
Server was horrible 
Meal was sub par
Only thing worth the 2 stars was the duck poppers.I really wanted this to be an awesome experience. I love John Besh. Really do. We had the hanger steak and stuffed flounder. The steak was ok, but it had this sweet, too heavy sauce and the wilted greens were more oiled than wilted. Fried mashed potatoes were great. For sure. The flounder was prepared well but there were so many bread crumbs on it (disguised as stuffing I guess) and the shrimp in the stuffing were small and prepared like something I could have gotten from Rouses. 
Dessert was brownie with ice cream, really could have prepared that dessert from the grocery store just as well. 
It's a Besh restaurant. I really wanted something special. The food was just not special. Really sad about it.Nasty .. Not appetizing at all. Not seasoned.
Egghh. Won't return.
The menu is wack.
I'm a local, put something else in the hotel.First time visit and I will return.  Start with a nice selection of local brews on tap.  The Duck Poppers are very flavorful and the Pork Empanadas were even better.  My entree was the Gulf Fish - sheepshead and it was lite and flacky if just a bit salty.  The dessert was the Key Lime Ice Box Pie and it was decadent.  Service was nice and the whole experience was enjoyable.Ambiance sympa pour la veille de Noël, design au goût du jour, très bon service un peu trop  rapide entre chaque service par contre! Pour la bouffe en considérant que c'est les USA c'était bon. Une facture pour 4(2 adultes et 2 enfants) de 250$ avec pourboire.Borgne was a big disappointment, especially considering how good dinner was a couple of nights earlier at Luke, another John Besh restaurant.  The food was OK, but overpriced for what you got, especially the wine list.  The octopus appetizer was very tender, but the crawfish cavatelli didn't have much flavor and the pasta was gummy.  We inquired about a spanish wine we didn't recognize, and the waiter wasn't aware if it was a white or a red without looking at the wine list.  He then said that he'd had it, but didn't remember anything about it.  I guess asking someone else on the staff would have been too much work. Bottom line, the bill ended up within a few dollars of what we paid at Brigtsen's, one of the best restaurants in town.  I don't see a rosy future for Borgne - from the kitchen to the waitstaff everyone is just going through the motions.Tonight my wife and I (and two out of town guests) gave Borgne its fifth and final chance. We've kept returning because we had a great time on our first visit (this was due mostly to the extraordinary table service provided by "George" though.) On each visit it seems that each dish is almost good but there are just one or two things off. Tonight the octopus was a little tough and seemed a day past but the puree it was layered in was great; the salad flavors were wonderful but the greens hadn't been thoroughly washed and were gritty; the drum had good flavors but was overcooked. Additionally, the service was terrible. The first person helping us clocked out and left mid meal without a word and we in turn struggled to get any service at all for the remainder of our evening. Borgne world have sold at least 4 more drinks and probably some desserts if they'd managed to be more attentive. (One of our guests asked for some bread when our oysters came out - finallly managed to get some as he was finishing his entree.) Additionally, we returned tonight after a year or more away because we'd heard they'd remodeled and added an oyster bar. Remodel was not enough to erase the overwhelming sense of pancake house with a meager face lift that has marked Borgne since they opened and the oyster bar was just an empty, unmanned station - oysters came from the back of the house. (In fairness they were quite good though).We came here on Christmas Day around 7pm for dinner and was sent away because the restaurant was fully booked for the rest of the night. Based on how crowded it was, we figure it must be really good! Thus, we came back the next day for lunch. The food was good, but nothing to rave about. A lot of it tasted like home cooking, which was nice, but not sure it was worth it for the regular price. Come here for the weekday lunch specials or the happy hour specials for better deals!
Complimentary bread - I loved the sprinkle of fennel on top, definitely ask for several rounds of this!
Shrimp angel hair pasta ($24) - Very flavorful pasta with huge shrimps! However, it was super rich and salty so felt too heavy after several bites. 
Fish in a bag ($28) - The catch of the day was mahi mahi. The fish is literally cooked in a brown bag with lots of flavors on top. It tasted fresh, but the blend of flavors wasn't particularly memorable in my opinion. 
John Legend's fried chicken ($22) - This is basically your usual KFC fried chicken but spiced up. They were very tasty but overpriced for three pieces of chicken with some potatoes at the bottom.
Chop salad ($16) - The least impressive dish of the morning. This salad looked more like a side dish. It's about a third of the size of a regular entree.This was a great choice, was impressed with the food had the Duck Poppers and the grilled Romain Salad. Service was good.We ate here for a casual lunch on a Saturday. No one else was really there except for a few other diners, so it was pretty quiet. We chose to sit at the bar as we were watching a football game on the TV. 
I started with a Pimm's Cup which was delicious. So refreshing! The food was great, I had a salad and gumbo and husband had the catfish poboy. It was all a perfect lunch to start out our day in NOLA.My friends and I ate here tonight and everything was amazing! Our waitress, Marny (?) was very informative, attentive, and sweet. The manager on duty, John, was welcoming and charming. We even got to meet Chef Laundry!! The atmosphere was quite lovely, I love all the oyster shell columns. Without question you should eat here, my favorite thing is the Whole Flounder with seafood stuffing, I didn't have it tonight but I love it. The garlic bread soup is amazing (i got it without the egg yolk) and the steaks would make any vegetarian convert. the Syrah by the glass is so good, especially if you appreciate a finish. the pudding dessert, omgoodness. we will definitely be back!!!I came here because my girlfriend's parents were staying in the Hyatt. I have always heard about this place, but this was the perfect excuse to finally try it--and I'm so glad I did.
First, let's start with the appetizers. The chargrilled oysters were incredible. But most mouth watering of all was the Shrimp Toast. It's as good as it sounds. 
For my main course, I got the Drum. It was white, flaky and cooked to perfection. The amandiHoped it would be better, tried the Duck Poppers, Pork Empanadas, Crab Croquettes and Stuffed Blue Crab. It was all good but not better than 3 stars. Maybe it was an off night but I would not return based on this experienceOur first night in New Orleans we wanted to stay close to the hotel so we decided to eat in the hotel  restaurant. Borgne was prefect. After reading the reviews we decided to try the Duck poppers which were excellent. We shared the chopped salad, which was good but wasn't really "CHOPPED". Bread was interesting and different, it had fennel seeds on top, served warn and very tasty. My husband's fish in the bag was dry. My fish was exceptional tasty, very light and a sweet taste of pecans, crab meat and butter, For dessert we choice hazelnut chocolate pudding. Excellent service. I  highly recommend this restaurant.Very good food and service. We had a rather large party and everything was excellent. The drinks were awesome too. You must try.Fantastic happy hour experience here. I ordered two beers on draft ($4 each)
1. Gnarley Barley Brewing, Catahoula Common, Steam Beer - a very refreshing beer, a nice fit for what was a hot afternoon
2. Nola Brewing, Hopitoulas, India Pale Ale - back to my IPA roots to pair with a tapas plate, a tasty IPA from a local brewery (a win/win)
Not only were the beers $4.00, all well drinks and canned/bottled beer (a large selection) and wine by the glass were also half off.
Furthermore, their tapas menu for happy hour was $5 a plate. I ordered the Bikini, a classy grilled-cheese as described by the bartender. I can't remember the exact contents of the dish, but I do remember that there was truffle oil. It was an extremely tasty sandwich, grilled to the perfect degree of crunch. My lone complaint would be the size of the portions, as it was literally 4 bite-sized pieces of grilled cheese.
The interior decoration was very nice, the staff was friendly and they had nice background music. All-around a quality experience and a good place to meet up with a friend to chat and grab drinks/food during happy hour.Great place to eat! Was a nice environment waitress treat me like a queen.  Will go back there when I am in town.Sadly I never had a chance to taste their food
I was staying at the hotel where the Borgne resides. There is a menu in the room. I called down to the restaurant 2 different times (speaking to Katie)trying to figure out what I wanted to order off the menu, telling her I was going to pick up the order. She recommended the bikini sandwich and sliders off the happy hour menu. I placed my order and in addition I ordered a salad. 
Moments later I'm speaking to the manager who abruptly informed me I could not get the happy hour items at the happy hour prices. They would be 2 times the cost since I was coming down to pick up the items. Not once was I told by Katie that the happy hour food could not be picked up to go. 
I literally had one hour to eat before returning to work all night and I had just wasted 20 minutes of it.
I cancelled my order based on the principal of the matter but feel it did not make an impact.Yumyumyum!
Came here with my husband, aunt, uncle, and cousin.  We were super early for our reservation and sat right away.  The restaurant is in a hotel but don't let that deter you!  It was wonderful.  The inside is a little bit loud and sparse but cool and modern, too, with ambient lighting and really neat menus. Sybil was our waitress and she was fantastic!  3 of us split a bottle of Tempranillo, one person had an Abita, and one had a signature drink, the Canary Island Ice Pick.  We all had a bit of the appetizer Duck Poppers (so good, you should try them!).  For dinner everyone had something different (chicken, whole fish, fish in bag, shrimp, Basil Shrimp&Fried Green Tomatoes plus crab bisque) and Sybil explained everything to the fullest when we had questions.  We didn't want dessert at first but she brought the dessert menu and the Chocolate Tart waved from the page telling us we wouldn't regret it!  It was so good.  
Great restaurant for personalized service, great seafood, and cool, casual atmosphere!
The list of Besh restaurants I have yet to try has decreased by one! (woo)Nice quality place to come and cool my jets after working. Staff is splendid and the Parking gods smile on me when I'm near here. Happy hour is the journey-destination all in one. Eat everything and bring friends.This is part I of two reviews. For the second review you will need to look up August. It will not be posted right away.
Please note that the one star does not reflect the food...we didn't make it that far.
We (party of two) arrived pretty much on time Wednesday evening at 8pm.  We were seated promptly and provided menus.  We were then given water. A glass of Room temperature water and no ice??? Puzzling... In this modern interior looking as though it was just plucked off of South Beach there is no freezer no refrigeration? Bad sign of things to come or should I say not to come. Because folks that exactly what happened.  Not one single person ever showed up to the table again, ever.  We counted the minutes and finally left, unmissed I am sure. As we parted I even said "have a nice evening" to the very woman who had seated us and her response was as nonchalant as when we arrived. Iam convinced she thought we had dined and were completely happy.  And this, let me add and make very clear, was very far from the truth.
Iam not sure exactly what was going on here but I am making some assumption that there were some very serious staffing issues with regard to servers.  At one point in our waiting a server popped out from the back and then, looking like an actress who had stepped onto stage into a scene she had no part quickly exited.  Director where are you?It's not much to look at from the street, but the ambience inside improves. 
The food is fantastic.   
Disclaimer:  I generally think turkey is nothing special.  If I was starving, I would eat it.  If there was only kale and turkey, well, I'm gobbling turkey, then.  But the crispy turkey necks tapas here is one of the best small plates I've ever had.  Close your eyes, and they're perfectly prepared (pork!) BBQ.  How?  Absolutely amazing.
The shrimp ceviche, served in a small glass jar, was beyond.  Just beyond!  Expectations, for example.  Again, amazing.
Pumpkin soup is horrible no matter where you order it (my prejudice against pumpkin, much stronger than my indifference to turkey, is revealed for all to see).  It's horrible here, too.  If you actually like pumpkin (what's wrong with you, man?), have at it and give us an update.
The deconstructed, grilled romaine-based Caesar is fantastic, but needed a little salt when I had it.
Desserts are off the chart fantastic.  Hazelnut pudding, brownie sundaes (I make--or thought I did--pretty good brownies, but I'm retired after a single taste here), et al.
The wine list is comfortably short and the selections are good, but prices are pretty high.  A decent Pinot Noir will set you back $12-15 a glass (and not the generous pour you'd get if you visited my house), so it would be easy to get carried away and pay (literally) the resulting penalty.
Staff are incredibly friendly.
I can't wait to return.Short review:
Gulf oysters-A Excellent!
Romaine salads-B (don't serve the brown or wilted leaves!
Cauliflower soup-A Loved it
Service etc -D An hour for salads? Cmon. 2 of our party had to get their food to go because of the wait. And it was not at all crowded. Needs to improve.Came for lunch around 1:00pm on a Monday, and was a couple large business groups wrapping up, but otherwise plenty of tables. The broiled oysters were delicious. Red snapper was perfectly cooked and had some great saucy goodness w/ it. Fish in a bag was good, but I think a bit of a gimmick (it's cooked in a paper bag and opened in front of you). It makes for a good presentation, but I think it needed something additional other than the bok choy it sits on (maybe more of the tomatoes... there was only 4 half cherry tomatoes). Blueberry cornmeal cake for dessert was really tasty. Our waiter was great, friendly and professional.Overpriced apps.  The bacon wrapped duck was ok, the shrimp toast was very, very greasy, and the oysters tasted like they had fake bacon and cheddar cheese on them.  The $13 daiquiri was full ice and about 4 ounces of beverage.  Server seemed bothered to have to wait on us.  Most disappointing dining event in New Orleans.I love coming here - it's a great place to bring people visiting from out of town. The ambiance is cool and I love the long bar. The service is always great and everyone is so friendly and nice! It's a great place for lunch or dinner!!  And my favorite is the shrimp toast - a must have! It's so delicious, I have cravings for it!  Will be back again soon! :-)Great place for "foodies" and craft beer lovers. Outstanding shrimp toast. Had to order two because they were so good. Our server, Will A., was great too. Knew his food and beer. Don't miss this.Dined here twice this week. A little loud and frenzied at times but the food! Do not pass up that fried chicken. Unexpected spice & coating. A half of a chicken Is paired in a bowl over a corn & bean chowder. Delicious! Best ever! Husband loved the angel-hair pasta and shrimp. Excellent service both times. Graditude!New in yelp. First review. Ordered salad and whole seafood stuffed flounder with one glass of juice. I forget the name of  this red juice+_+.The entrees is a large fish with head and tail,covering creamy blender (probably crab, cream, egg, little shrimp). I try my best, finishing half of this dish. feeling a little greasy in the end. One thing need to mention is that the bread there is really delicious! Hard and little crispy outer, soft and spongy heart. Overall, the meal is fine. Interesting experience with New Orleans seafood.- The grilled octopus was pretty good.  The hummus and capers that it was sitting on were delicious.
- The duck poppers were good, but uneven.  One of them was completely charred and not good.  The others were nice and bacony.
- My main, the broiled fish (amberjack) was excellent, although the ends were a little too well done.  Very nice preparation and full of flavor.
- Service was good.
- The space is much too loud.  I had to strain to hear my dinner companions.Great menu, the lunch specials are a great deal. 
Service is quick and friendly. 
The 'Fish in a Bag' is served as it's name dictates.We went to this place twice.  We ordered tapas one day and was exceptional.  The next day we ordered stuff whole flounder watered in our mouth.  Definitely, worth a visit.Awesome.  I had the seafood platter, perfectly cooked and delicious.  My co- workers had the fish in a bag, all three were raving that it was the best meal they had in NOLA.Great place for lunch and dinner. We were staying at the Hyatt where we are lucky enough to have this restaurant. 
For lunch I had the grilled Caesar salad .... yum!! The croutons were delicious. Also they bring out a small loaf of bread to each table. 
I also had their Brussel Sprouts. They were absolutely delicious!!! 
They do take reservations for convenience.Food is good. Happy hour is a great deal. The service is HORRENDOUS! The bartenders avoid eye contact at all cost. We have been three times and every time we sit at the bar, the same jerk bartenders are there with the same heinous attitudes. With that being said, the ceviche, the turkey necks and the calamari are to die for. John Besh may be a great cook but his servers need some serious customer service training. On that note we tried Luke, another John Besh restaurant, and the bartender didn't even wipe the bar down when we sat down! We ended up changing our dinner plans because we didn't want to sit with our elbows in crushed saltines and old basil leaves. We will not be going back to Luke.John Besh. This was the main reason we visited this restaurant. Also it was raining out, we were hungry and there was a basketball game on that we wanted to watch. However, this was probably not the best John Besh restaurant in NOLA. The food was ok and I'm sure there are fancier and nicer Besh restaurants. This is a good intro to his food and good for someone on a budget though. The first thing we were surprised to see was that it was located in a hotel. Usually I'm not a fan of hotel restaurants but oh well, we came specifically to try this place. Also it's located in the CBD so it's not like there were too many options right next door. We walked in about 6pm. They asked us if we had a reservation, first off. It was a weekday and the place was practically empty. I think only 2 other parties were there. So weird. If we had a reservation, we would've mentioned it. Anyways we took a few minutes to decide where to sit. Since we wanted to watch the game and we had our choice of pretty much where to sit, we ended up at a table in the bar area. We came a bit too early and the game hadn't even started yet. We started off with a carafe of sangria and the pork empanada appetizer. Sangria was great, strong and fruity. The empanadas were just ok - I didn't think there was anything super special about them. For my entrée, I got the soft shell crab, which was a special that day. It was really good when it came out. So pretty. And a big portion because there was more than one crab. At least one and half or two because there was just so many legs. There was a green sauce at the bottom. And then a salad of black eyed peas and other beans. Anyways I was saying it was great when it was nice and hot out of the kitchen. The soft shell is deep fried. And I kinda got tired of eating it by the end and it was a little cold and mushy. It's the same texture over and over too. So I would recommend having another dish and splitting both with a friend. Also maybe could've used some carbs like rice or pasta. But I enjoyed the dish very much. 
Service was great. At first our waitress checked on us a lot but finally she figured out we were enjoying the game so she just let us be. The game was great. A first date couple did end up sitting right in front of as the bar halfway through our meal. That was entertaining to watch also. The ambiance is great and cool for first dates too. The restaurant filled up, probably halfway, as the night went on. However, I think they closed at 9 that night and the game would still be going on. So we just ended up leaving halftime to catch the rest of the game at our hotel.The food was just amazing and the staff extremly friendly and the customer service excellent. I would come here again. Love itHAd our class dinner there on Thursday nigh! The drinks were great, the food was awesome! I had the empanadas which were tasty, and the pork cheeks for dinner. The pork cheeks weren't the best I have had but they were very tasty. However, dessert was where it was at! I had the chocolate hazelnut pudding and it was out of this world good!! I will definitely go back. The only downer was it was very loud.Wow, our best food in NOLA so far! And happened upon 3-6pm happy hour, $5 apps and 1/2 price drinks for the tastiest food and drink of the trip, if the turkey neck is, do not pass it up! Thanks to Greg and John for a great visit!!!When we walked in we were greeted by some very delicious smelling food. The hostess and server were both very friendly. Definitely get the pork empanadas. We weren't impressed at all with the food. My entree didn't even LOOK like it could taste good and my fiancé was not a fan of the fish in a bag. Maybe we chose the wrong things but we won't be back for dinner just the empanadas and the bar.Awesome Awesome Awesome!!!   Great food and friendly service.  Took clients here for lunch and had a wonderful meal.  I had the Drum and Alligator soup.  So good.  Everything on the table looked great from the Fish in a bag to the chicken and the po boys.Everything about this restaurant is spectacular.  The casual and cozy atmosphere coupled with superb food definitely makes this restaurant worth repeated returns.  We had the basil shrimp and fried green tomatoes as an appetizer, the yellow tomato gazpacho soup, split the fried soft shell crab entree (which is more than enough for a couple to share), and the brownie sundae for dessert.  Everything was phenomenal!!!!  They are very knowledgeable about their wines as well as offer a tremendous selection of craft beers.  As an addition to the food, the service was second to none.  Michelle, our server, was not only delightful and well versed on the menu, but she went ABOVE AND BEYOND.  She absolutely is an asset to this restaurant and has left a lasting impression on my fiancé and I.  We will 100% be back for both the exquisite food and the legendary service.The food was generally good, though not exceptional... We had the shrimp toast which was tasty but kind of drenched in sweet chili sauce... The grilled romaine salad was tasty, and the octopus and gnocchi with ragu might have been the best though it was over salty - the gnocchi and octopus were perfectly tender. We had the snapper entree which was generally good, but needed more acid. My biggest issue was the atmosphere. I was honestly shocked when I got there - my husband and I were there for our anniversary, and the atmosphere just didn't fit the menu at all. This is someplace with $30 entrees, but the vibe on the restaurant is like a fancy sports bar - much more casual than the menu would suggest, huge screen tvs at the bar visible from all over the room, industrial tile floors, no tablecloths... I doubt I'll go back - if I'm going to spend that amount, I want to do it someplace that feels more special.Not the worst I have ever had, but definitely not the best. John Besh could have done so much better. 
First, the good. The service was very nice. I had lost my voice earlier that week, and couldn't talk. The server did a great job interpreting my sudo-sign language. He also took a part of my order off of the bill because it was not good. (see below) Also, the service was fast. The desserts were delicious. Hats off to the pastry chef that night.
Now, to the bad. Too salty! Everything we ate was overwhelmingly salty! Too salty to the point of sending it back. I had to send my gumbo back because the saltiness made it inedible (but the server did take it off the bill).  It is expensive, like really expensive. I ordered a cup of gumbo and a side dish and it was $17.00! Most of the entrees started at $21.00. Don't even begin to order a drink from the bar, it is highway robbery! My father-in-law ordered the fried soft shell crab, which was, guess what...too salty. The side dish I ordered, merliton casserole with sausage and shrimp. Not too bad, except the salt, and the fact that there was barely any merliton in it. About 5 giant pieces that were under cooked. Merliton should not be crunchy when it is in casserole form. It is not that hard to boil merliton. Also, since it is merliton casserole, there should be merliton in it. 
Lastly, the valet parking was absolutely terrible. It was a complete madhouse. Cars stopped on Loyola Ave down the block. Took about 20 minutes for the car to come.Enjoyed the Bass covered with a pecan and crawfish sauce. Really good food but overpriced as you will notice in previous post. This is my first experience at a Besh restaurant not what I was expecting. While servers were extremely courteous, there was a very uncomfortable estranged feeling coming off. The octopus as an appetizer was really good choice. Overheard people yapping about the catfish sliders so I had to get an order to go.During our short time in New Orleans, I knew I HAD to visit a John Besh restaurant. Lacking the time for a reservation at his flagship restaurant August and the attire to attend it (jackets required), we decided to check out Borgne. Do not be deceived by its simplistic aesthetics, this place packs major flavor! The dinner menu came on small clipboards with hand written notes next to some of the menu items. It's comical and welcoming. That's a good way to grab out of your head since like us, you would probably feel confused by the location, look and feel of the place. It's located inside the Hyatt and has an open and trendy feel to it. Then the food came out. I had an alligator soup and goat cheese croquettes as a starter that were packed with a punch of flavor. They were beautiful, but the showstopper was the shrimp conchigliette. It was light and subtly complex with capers, rapini, and lemon butter. I was blown away. I feel like this place felt more like New Orleans than any of the other place we ate while we were there. Everyone had a gumbo, etouffee, and jambalaya. Everyone had a claim that they were the heart and soul of NOLA, but Borgne quietly lives it. It was Borgne that served me Louisiana on a plate.Delicious food, well prepared.  Good service. Noisy tvs so we sat as far from the bar as possible. Decor is sparse, looks more like a cafeteria with plastic chairs et al. However the food makes you forget all that. Duck poppers, octopus starters were delicious. Grilled amberjack and pork empanadas as entrees were very good also. Desserts awesome. Will return.Closer to a 3.5 for me,  I had high expectations (considering its a Besh restaurant) that just weren't quite met... 
Started with a round of apps that were the highlight of the meal: duck poppers, broiled oysters and grilled octopus were all very good and would totally recommend... Poppers had great a great flavor/texture profile with this spicy meaty creamy thing going on.  Roasted oysters were decadent with garlicky buttery goodness and the grilled octopus was tender with bright flavors.
Then the goodness kinda plateaued... Had the gumbo which was well seasoned but a little too acidic.  The catfish sliders were fine if not a little too over fried for my liking.  We also shared the chocolate pudding which was quite nice.
The score was rounded down instead of up due to service- forgot half the drink orders and one of the dishes and had to be reminded of both when everyone else's drinks/food showed up (two separate times).  There was apparently also some kind of complimentary fennel bread that missed our table.  
Would try Besh's other restaurants next time I'm in town, but this probably won't be a repeatExcellent service! My server did a thorough rundown of local beers on the menu and was spot on with descriptions. 
Ordered the crawfish bisque and the fried chicken. Delicious and enough for two meals. Especially if you enjoy the bread loaf that's delivered to your table. 
The only reason I gave 4 instead 5 was the price seemed a little high. Probably because it's in a hotel.There's a limited dinner menu, but full of solid choices. Try the cauliflower soup as an appetizer. They pour it for you at the table so it is fresh and hot. For lunch, the Oyster BLT is a must! It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten.Shrimp toast, turkey necks, octopus, and soft shelled crab to top it off. I'm leaving here in tears of joy. Everything delicious and on POINT. Did I mention the turkey necks?? Completely unexpected sweet/salty/crunchy delicacy! Huge thanks to Kayla for the recommendations and making our experience devine! MUAH!The yellow tomato gazpacho soup was good. Great flavor but a bit too salty. When I was done, I wanted more. The price of the meals were a bit limited based on the budget I had to work with and the portions overall seemed a bit small.