Best. Jerk. Chicken. I have had in NOLA. This little hole in the wall place has true authentic Jamaican food. Only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is because their mac and cheese tasted like it came from a box. But their jerk chicken is amazing. Smoky and well seasoned, it's what I always get. I've never been for the buffet but if you go just for dinner, expect to wait a little on your  food. It's worth it because you can tell they are making everything freshOmg! It was my first time here, and Boswell's definitely did not disappoint! The food was hot and seasoned just right! I loved everything about it!Very limited parking! Very poor customer service. The food is not really what I was expecting after reading all of the reviews for this place. The food is very bland to be Jamaican food. The only positive about this place is the brightly colored decor.The best Jamaican spot in New Orleans. Hands down, anyone would enjoy m, if not then y'all got no taste budsBest Jamaican food I've had in Nola. Wish they gave more plantains with the meal and had later hours.Ok, so I visited Boswell last week. The service was better this time. I actually phoned in my order for pick up. Quick and timely service.  Kinda pricey, $16 for one meal. Peas and rice portion was sorta dry. Jerk chicken was awesome. Owner very serious yet friendly this time.Try the Jerk Chicken Po'boy you won't be disappointed.  The lunch buffet is AWESOME!  Best mac n cheese in the cityThis restaurant is a hidden gem outside of the tourist trap that is the French quarter. The hostess was super nice and patient with walking us through their buffet policies. The lunch buffet was very affordable, and there were many delicious options including fruit! I'm so glad we chanced upon this place, and I hope more people come to this establishment.Awesome place!  Traditional caribbean cooking that is hidden away on Tulane.  I have probably driven past this place 100 times before noticing it the other day.  Had the lunch buffet but you can order items from their menu.  I need to try the curried goat next time! Check it out!Yea, so I was craving some jerk chicken and found myself on Tulane Avenue and decided to check out Boswell's.
Got there right after they opened, but the buffet table was primed and ready. This trip I decide to order it to go.
It's a well laid out little restaurant. Colors are vibrant. Generous table seating.
Parking lot that might get a little tight during busier times.
I decided on the jerk chick and pork combo. There was a little miscommunication regarding the two sides that went with the order. They got one out of two correct, but they included delicious plantains and a warm cabbage preparation that reminded me of cole slaw, without the dressing. It was excellent. The chicken and pork were very good, but the chicken was better. Pork was a little dry, but they include a sauce that took the edge off the dryness.
All in all, good eats. Reasonable price and a generous portion...Had enough for lunch and dinner.
Next time I have a guest in town, we are going to check it out again and do the buffet.Had the curried shrimp with rice and peas. Steamed veggies. It was sooooo delicious!
Big ups!Went for lunch yesterday, very clean, low key atmosphere.  I read many comments about a rude owner, didn't see or hear him.
Buffet consisted of 3 mains, Curry Chicken, Jerk Chicken and Ox tail. Three sides, rice and beans, white rice and vegetables.
I enjoyed everything on the buffet, perfectly seasoned, cooked to fall off the bone consistency.
Will definitely be back for more.All I can say is jerk chicken?  You know that's right.  I ordered the jerk chicken meal for takeaway and was pleasantly surprised.  With family in Puerto Rico I hold Carribbean style foods to a high standard.  I received a huge portion in my takeaway container with very well-seasoned and tender chicken pieces with just enough heat and a spicy sauce on the side.   The rice and peas were flavorful and best with the leftover jerk chicken sauce, and the calalloo was a lovely surprise and mixed well with the rice and peas.  I finished with the included fried sweet plantains, which are always a favorite of mine.  All in all it was around $15 including tip, so definitely worth it.  I will certainly be back when I'm hankering for some jerk chicken (especially when watching Psych) and am also looking forward to trying some of that curried goat.I will give them a solid three stars for their jerk chicken alone, which had a really pleasantly spicy and smoky flavor.  We needed to order "extra chicken" to go with every jerk chicken dinner order, though, because they were less than generous on our first two visits.  We went three times (which tells you how much we enjoyed the chicken), and on the third trip they recognized us as "regulars" and were much more generous with the chicken portions in the jerk chicken dinner.  The first two times we went, they were a little less so.  Again, we did go *three times* during our visit to New Orleans which is a testament to their jerk chicken alone.  Their jerk pork was lousy (second visit) and the curry goat (first visit) was the worst that I have ever experienced in my life.
Other stuff:  The rice and peas are great.  The plantains are great.  The veggies are great.  The mac-N-cheese is great.  Avoid the curry goat.*Sigh* I really want to like this place, but I've given up. My first experience her was blah. After letting more than a year pass by and having a strong craving for Jamaican food over the weekend, i decided to give it another chance. I mean how hard is it to mess up jerk chicken? Apparently it is. I got two to go plates and when we opened them up I literally wanted to turn around and get my money back. The chicken breast was so dried out and flavorless. I couldn't even understand how they thought that was acceptable to even serve to customers. The rice and peas and veggies were fine but who wants that when ur main attraction is gross? Fortunately my husband went back up there and the staff was nice enough to give us some more chicken. I definitely won't return for it in the future though. On a more positive note, my beef patty was delicious and I would go back to get another one. 
Overall two stars for the food and an extra star just for good customer service because they really do excel in that area.This being my third time here over quite a span of time,  I'd say about the past two years, they've yet to disappoint. By some force of nature, i've only been during buffet hours and the food has always been amazing. I've seen some reviews of people bashing this place because you won't get five-star, white table top treatment from the staff, but why would you expect that from a Carribean joint on Tulane Ave? Plus, it won't matter once you taste the food.
The inside is that of a typical Carribean restaurant. If you've ever been to one you'd know that a lot of them do not focus on decor, but, the food itself, which is more than good enough for me. Like i said, I've only been during buffet so i have yet to try any take-out. Normally when i hear buffet, i'm thinking massively processed food thats been sitting out for who knows how long, loaded with MSG or some other barf-inducing additive. Boswell's is not the place to have any of those concerns.
I'm pretty adventurous when it comes to trying food, so needless to say, when i got my plate, it was open season on that food bar. The jerk chicken is perfect, there was something else in there that had like chicken and pineapples in this sauce, oh man! Rice is on point, fresh fruit and salads, infinite refills on the lemonade and tea, i mean, c'mon! About twelve-thirteen dollars is what the buffet will hit for per person.
I ate two plates (which is normally my max at a buffet) and was right where i wanted to be. I didn't feel beat down and slow from the meal either. It was a healthy blend of good eats. I have to come here more often.We were excited to try Boswell's but our experience was awful. Perhaps it was an "off" day, we were the only patrons. Server skipped all the formalities and flatly asked what we wanted. We ordered a jerk chicken plate, a couple sides and some kind of Jamaican soda. Our meal was a let down - nothing fresh or quality. Chicken was super tough with little meat and lots of cartilage (yuck!). Patty tasted reheated, maybe from frozen. Drink was undrinkable, far too sweet and artificial. Atmosphere is thoroughly charmless. We certainly won't come back.It is with much delight that I write this review of Boswell's Jamaican Grill.  My family and I had the pleasure of holding my college graduation dinner at this restaurant. The owner, Boswell, is one terrific and most hospitable gentleman.  He went above and beyond to cater to our every need, food, fun, and frolic.
Food: superb!! We are talking authentic Jamaican cuisine-the real deal, no make shift entrees here.  My guests were mostly Jamaican and they enjoyed and raved about every dish-jerk chicken-on point, rice and peas-nailed it-fried plantain, slam dunked, curried goat-straight from the island, greens, fresh and not soggy nor greasy, and the escovitch fish? deliciousous- My grandma who is from Jamaica too, loved every morsel.  Some folks were from Jamaica by way of NY and were astonished to find that there was "a real Jamaican, back a yard Jamaican eatery" in of all places, NOLA.  He even served a refreshing island punch.  Dessert was a strawberry cake with pineapple and cream topping-an original island flare that served to bring the entire dining experience to a wonderful closure.
As if that was not enough, he (Boswell) actually closed the restaurant for the occasion. How cool is that?? So, for your next dinner party-think of doing something special and call Mr. Boswell.  You will be glad you did!
Remember, big is not always better AND at Boswell's you will be treated like royalty by folks who really care.  We Sure Did!
OOps! Almost forget, there is a bar that serves a variety of real Jamaican soft drinks and of course good ole Red stripe beer to wash down the spicy Jamaican Jerk Chicken. 
Happy Xavier gradBoswell's old location on S. Broad was a frequent favorite of mine prior to Katrina.  The new location is 3521 Tulane Ave. and I'm glad to see him back in business.
Now here's the review... ready?
Would you like Jerk or Curry Chicken?  With some Callaloo?  And Rice and Peas?  And you have $10 in your pocket?
Boswell's
There is none better in town.  
Enough said.I came here for lunch with a pretty big group of friends (13-14 people) and had the lunch buffet they offered. It was easy to seat us because there weren't that many people and we just had to move some tables around. I wanted to try the Jamaican drink "ting" but they didn't have it in stock.  They had a variety of chicken with sides like rice, pasta, salad, etc. The only item that stood out to me was the curry chicken which was so fireeee (as in yummy!). It kind of reminded me of home cooked curry chicken. I remember the flavors of the other chicken dishes being very unique and good as well. For the cost of the lunch buffet, it was worth it.
As for the atmosphere, I felt like there were a lot of flies roaming around inside, giving the place an unsanitary feel, and it felt like the AC wasn't on at all, but they had ceiling fans. Parking is very limited in front of the restaurant; street parking might be better. If you don't really care about all that, then this is a perfect place for a quick lunch.Vegetarian dream lunch that I can eat off of at least twice is the roti. Everyone here is so nice. Pleasant attitudes and tasty food make for a great Caribbean spot in midcity! 
 It can get a bit crowded at lunch, so if you're in a hurry call ahead.I absolutely love this place. The people are friendly and the food is amazing! The curry chicken is seriously addictive! I come here for lunch! You may pass it up as it's hard to find next to an auto body shope but it's clean inside.Best JA food around! I drive all the way from Slidell....everything here tastes fantastic! Everyone should try this place at least once.Had heard of this place several times & So Glad we decided to pass by this evening.  BF had the Jerked Pork, caliloo & mac n chz.  He ate every single bit (ok, I helped with the mac n chz).  I had the Stewed Brown Chicken, Rice n Beans, & caliloo...  Very Yummy and filling.  Love the plantains!  & I did actually get a bite or 2 of the coco bread.  BF inhaled that as well.  And they have Ting!  Price is rite at 33 bucks. Especially since I had a Red Stripe too!The jerk chicken here is my favorite meal, with macaroni and cheese and a side of salad. I love that the plate comes with a side of plantains! The only downside is that my jerk chicken wasn't as flavorful as my friend's jerk chicken, but that's really nothing to distort your perspective about going here. I highly recommend Boswell's!This place is such a hole in the wall find but the food was amazing. I was a little worried about finding something I could eat since I'm a vegetarian but they had a small section of the menu dedicated to vegetarian food.  It is a little confusing when you first walk in because there is no one there to tell you what to do but we walked right up to the counter and ordered and the guy told us to find our own seats.  Would definitely recommend this place!If you're passing the BROAD GLASS sign you've driven too far!
This is my FAVVVVVEEEEEEORITTTTEEEEEEEE place to eat in this city. HANDS DOWN!
I could eat anything on the menu really but what keeps me coming back is: The oxtail plate with broad beans. I get the cabbage occasionally but I usually order double rice and EXTRA GRAVY!!!! On a few occasions I've even been lucky enough to get double plantain at no extra cost to me which is HEAVEN and really NEVER happens. 
Also get a Ting if the gingerbeer seems too spicy. Thank me later.
The service is always friendly but also super curt - know your order because it is counter service. I call in my order most of the time because lets be real - they keep the news on in the place and it's super depressing. It'd be dope if they showed carribbean comedies on those huge flatscreens or at least something a lil' less polarizing.
Also! they have events here and I'm also forgetting exactly when so I've never gone but when I do! you're gonna hear about it.This is traditional Jamaican food prepared to order or they serve a very good buffet for those who may be unfamiliar. Those who are familiar will be satisfied and delighted with the curry goat and red snapper dishes (cooked to order). The jerk chicken and patties are usually always ready or served quickly. The rice and peas are good also. You will also note a small Carribean store selling commonly used seasonings cheeses soup mixes etc. Say hello to the chef and tell him you read my review.Let me first start out with, I have never really had Jamaican food that I can really recall. So my perception of what "real" Jamaican food might taste like shall be a little skewed to, let's say, the amateur side. However...
This place is pretty fantastic. Although their combo plates are solid (i.e. they have jerk chicken, lamb, fish, or whatever, etc with rice, plantains), their buffet is really good. 
They have a variety of choices from the jerk pork (or chicken?), curry chicken, beef stew, salad (vegetable side), white rice and a red bean rice. With a great variety of things to taste and re-taste, you can chow down on the sheer awesomeness of tasty delicacies. 
But do note that the buffet is only open for a short while, maybe 11AM-1PM, depending on their volume of customers. I've actually gone thrice looking to partake in their buffet but only  once was I able to make it to the buffet. So my suggestion is go before 12PM b/c the buffet should be hot and plenty. If you go to late, you might be ordering one of their plates, which doesn't have the variety in the buffet.
All in all, the food is very delish -- I would have said "delicious" but they serve their own word to describe the sheer awesomeness of the food.
Then why the 4 out of 5? Well, their service isn't Road-runner fast, more like dial-up pace. Effective but not efficient. 
2) Their buffet is not always up and running so that is a major fail.
3) The location isn't ideally suited to drum up great business. They'd do a whole better if they move somewhere else. 
4) Their parking lot is minimal so street parking is your second option.
But in terms of delectable tastiness, I'd give it a 4 out of 5 b/c it is definitely good and highly recommended. Word.The food here is great, however the service here is horrible. Today was the second time that I have walked out of the restaurant due to poor customer service. I just wanted to place an order to go. I got there and sat near the bar area. It was kind of busy and I understood. However, it would have been nice to have been acknowledged so I could feel that you at least noticed I'm right here. The gentleman who takes the orders literally did everything above the sun and never said anything to me. I had been waiting for about 10 mins just sitting. I even got my money together so I could have it ready when he took my order and still nothing. I just got to the point where I was irritated and walked out. I've had the same issue before when the place was not as busy and walked out as well. Again the food is great here, but I don't think I'll ever be back after today's experience.A little overpriced, but still worth it. It's also pretty close to what you would expect from a stateside Caribbean restaurant.Excellent Jamaican restaurant. Nice small neighborhood spot. A must try if you like Jamaican food. I recommend the Jerk pork and jerk chicken plate also there is a side jerk chicken breast.After riding round looking for some good Jamaican food. We found our spot. Very laid back, customer service was good. Very nice place. I would recommend this restaurant.I love the authenticity of this restaurant. Last night I ordered the whole fish for the first time typically when I go to this location I would always get brown stew fish or a jerk dish. I'm so happy that I stepped outside of my norm and tried the fish it was amazing I can't wait to go back I think I have a new favorite dish. Seriously though next time I go back I will be having the oxtails..it's been too long since I've been to Jamaica ,but the cuisine here is close to my heart. So happy that we can go to Boswell's it's worth it. A little Jamaican in the city! #JamaicanoproblemWe went for the lunch buffet. We chose that although the whole menu is available . The jerk chicken was great and so was the chicken curry. The beans with pork was delicious. The only misses for me were the mac and cheese (not bad just not great) and the veggies (cabbage, broccoli and carrots) were a little dull. The service was friendly and prompt. We enjoyed our meal and it was a good deal for 10$ a person. The parking lot gets really crowded really quickly. Don't panic. Everyone was very nice about moving cars around to let out anyone who was blocked inI had the jerk chicken & enjoyed it. It was seasoned well & tasty. I will return to try other items in the future.Finally got to check this place out and soooo glad we did. My wife was skeptical as she has lived with a Jamaican family in Miami at one point but as we were seated we instanty knew this was gonna be great. The service was great and the chef was out and talking to us. LOVE HER! I had the goat curry with rice and beans and still salivating. I will most definitly be back. My wife fell in love as well. Do yourself a favor and try this joint! You won't regret it, I promise.Good chicken and greens. Way too pricey, and the cabbage was really bland. Would not go here again and the man who answered my phone was very rude. He didn't take my name and just hung up on me and when I called back and was going to give him my name he told me to just come. He then hung up on me again. They were not busy when I got there so there was no excuse for his behavior. Oh well.Had the fried fish, with plantains and carribean rice and beans...over-all that meal was ok...the fish (talapia) could have had more seasoning on it and the beans and rice were also a little bland in taste...The service was slow, they only had one person taking orders when I arrived on a Saturday evening (about 630ish)..This is a Great Buffet. It's small but quality. I go semi-regularly. The peach tea is wonderful. Unfortunately I always overeat and never feel good leaving.GREAT FOOD!!  However, the restaurant is less than impressive and more closely resembles a warehouse.  Don't expect the greatest service either as the owner/waiter/bartender isn't the friendliest.  But the food(which is the most important part) is excellent.  I usually order the food to-go, which takes ~10 min.  I've read elsewhere that they have a lunch buffet, but I've never seen it.  I recommend the jerk chicken and/or pork with calalloo and rice and peas.  You can't beat the quality of food for the price.  This is now one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. Do yourself a favor and check this place out, you won't be disappointed in the food.Boswell's gets 3 stars for being on Tulane, a street that is always in need of more restaurants.  But this restaurant's location also takes away from it's offerings.  The inside is sparsely decorated and doesn't seem to have the best layout.  But thank god it's on Tulane.
I arrived with a group of 7 friends, all of whom decided to get the buffet because they didn't want to wait.  I ordered the vegetarian curry, which was delicious, though VERY oily.  just because it's veg doesn't mean it's healthy... I only had to wait about 10 minutes from my order to get it.  It was large enough to feed two easily.
Everyone that I was with was raving about the mac n' cheese, though I thought it just average.  The selection of Jamaican beers was nice, and my friends had ginger beer and grapefruit soda.  Yum.
If you come to Boswell's, make sure you go for the meat.  It seems like the rice and beans, veggies, and bread are average.  The meat was what everybody else was raving about.I am a new fan of Jamaican food thanks to Boswell's. I was on the edge of hangry-ness when my boyfriend suggested going here since it had been recommended to him. I ordered the lamb curry with rice & peas and mac n cheese and he got the jerk chicken with the greens and rice & peas. Both were 5-star ratings! The mac n cheese isn't overly drenched in cheese sauce which I prefer and the curry was seasoned to perfection, although I had to pick out a decent amount of bones so watch out for that. Ther jerk chicken had a nice rub on it and wasn't dried out. I look forward to going back and trying the buffet.Call me picky if u want. But I know good Jamaican food when I taste it. And this was not up to par as I expected. After hearing my husband rave about this place and it's buffet, I decided to give it a try and got some plates to go. Since there aren't many Jamaican spots in NOLA, I figured why not give it a try. The first thing I noticed when opening up my plate was how small the portions were. Hmmmm...not happy with that at all. Overall, the food was just ok. And I'm not just saying that because of the portions. My chicken was blah and my husband commented that his goat was just ok. As far as sides (steamed cabbage, macaroni), definitely not anything to rave about. I will say the rice and peas were good though. Would I come back? Possibly but not anytime soon.I haven't been to the restaurant yet so I can't give it a 5 star but the plate I had at an outdoor festival was out of this world!!  I actually tried it at the festival because an employee at an African food restaurant in town said this is her favorite place for foods from other regions.  
I had the calalloo, rice and peas, and fried plantains.  The meal was really hearty and so flavorful.  The plantains were so delicious!  At French Quarter Fest I had the veggie patty and it was really good, my meat eating boyfriend really liked it, too.  
I haven't had Jamaican food before and now I'm hooked!  I can't wait to go to the restaurant for more.  Whenever I'm near the address I try to look around for it but I have yet to actually see it.  It must be a little hidden.I would've given 0 stars, but app doesn't allow.  Absolutely horrible service!!!  Not enough money in the world to make me go back!  This was me and my husband's  first and last time!!! Haven't even eaten the food yet, but my appetite is already spoiled!  Service is such a big part of eating out and they failed miserably!  And to top it off, there were knats flying all around the restaurant!  Luckily we got our food to go!  Bottom line- don't waste your time!!!  There's other Jamaican restaurants in New Orleans.My sweetheart and I went in for lunch a few days ago. He was a once upon a time regular; this was my first trip in. 
We decided on the lunch buffet, we wanted to same because I am not as familiar with Caribbean food as he is. 
In a few words: SO disappointed! Dirty tables, flies - most of the food on the line was room temp, regardless of whether it was meant to be hot or cold. The one waitress in there that was actually working was doing everything: Filling buffet, bussing tables, taking orders, seating people. It was amazing in it's inefficiency. One guy behind the bar, kinda taking drink orders, one man sat at the bar, rolling silverware but mostly talking. All this, during the height of lunch. It was total chaos. 
The food? Totally lackluster. Dry chicken, watery greens, basic kitchen mac n' cheese...pretty yuck. 
I know this place is an institution, and perhaps the regulars have gotten used to a certain level of grime. 
My hunny said he didn't remember it being the way we experienced it.
IMO, the ownership needs to deep clean, organize operations and get re-excited about their business.  Best of luck to them.
We won't be back.Was looking for oxtail and this was a great find .. food was tasty and service was goodI would always hear my momz and her co workers discuss what they will get every Friday from Boswell's. I use to myself I am going to Boswell's when I become an adult. Well I moved away at 16, returned the year of Katrina (four months prior) and I forgot all about Boswell's, until now that is. 
Jerk chicken and Curry chicken is what I recommend for you all to try. If you all ever wondered what the food taste like from that beautiful colorful island, well head on down there to Boswell's and let you taste buds bring you to Jamaica while you are on your 30- to an hour lunch break. You won't leave disappointed. 
The meat on the bones is so moist that it melts in your mouth as you rush to take another bite. The food is seasoned very well and some of it is spicy to others but it is just right for me. 
Oh darn you Tropical Storm Cindy for causing me from eating at Boswell's todayVisited this place this afternoon and will NEVER go back. The owner did not greet us or even take our drink order. She walked past us 3 times and even made eye contact. The restaurant was not busy at all! My friend walked up to the bar to ask for service and THE OWNER said do you want the buffet or are you ordering from the menu?! We decided to quietly leave. I was warned prior to going,about her attitude but I tried to give the benefit of the doubt, however I will never spend my money there.absolutely delicious! Great tasting, healthy and satisfying food. I have run in a bunch of times to grab a chicken patty and its always hot, fresh and right on time.Excellent food. My husband got the jerk chicken and pork and I got the curried goat, both were really good. So much flavor! I thought that everything was spicy enough but my husband added hot sauce, it was so good we ended up buying a bottle. Washed it all down with a pink Ting. I want to try the buffet next time.This was amazing. I've been craving Jamaican food ever since we returned from our honeymoon, and Boswell's has been on my radar. We finally made it over to Tulane Ave for lunch today and it was certainly worth the trip.
Service is slow. Very slow. This is the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars. We waited about 5 minutes to get a menu, another 5-10 mins before ordering, probably 30-40 minutes for our food to arrive (except the patties - those came immediately), and no drink refills on our water. 
All of that being said, the staff was friendly. They even gave my little one a complimentary drink of something they made... it tasted almost like an Arnold Palmer.
We didn't try the buffet. Maybe that's the way to go if you want a speedy lunch, but alas, no buffet on the weekend. 
However, ordering off of the menu allowed us to try their amazing food cooked fresh. The food itself deserves 5 stars.
Little one had a mild beef patty and she ate my plantains. She ate every last bite. Impressive, since she's usually picky.
I ordered the Curry Chicken plate with rice/peas(beans) and steamed veggies. For some reason I envisioned the usual steamed broccoli side at most restaurants, but this was shredded cabbage and carrots. I love cabbage, so this was awesome. The chicken was cooked perfectly as well.
The hubby had the Jerk Chicken & Pork, along with mac & cheese and the rice/peas. He somehow managed to eat all of it. Oh, and the jerk sauce was delicious (yeah, I stole a bite or two).
At $10-ish per plate, it was a LOT of food, so it's a good value. Just make sure you are hungry before coming in. 
Next time, I'm going for the Roti, as I've been craving that since I found the little roti shop in Grand Cayman. Yeah, I'll be back.I had a weird first time experience here. I paid with my card but supposedly the cashier/server/co-owner or something pressed the wrong key on their cash machine and select Cash instead of Card and so I was asked to go to an ATM, get cash and come back to get my food. Long story short, it was just terrible and an inconvenient experience and I don't want to blame this place totally. I am sure it's probably not the usual, I hope not. But still worth 2 reviews. The food was good though, and makes up for that weird first experience.Oh my God the curried goat was awesome I enjoyed that so much I order another to go home with me. Highly recommend you all try. Great food .Good home cooking. The owners are sooooooo nice. Its ALOT OF TASTY FOOD. A good amount of vegetarian options.  You are going to need to be rolled out of this place because the portion sizes are HUGE!!!Everything here is mouthwatering!!! 
During lunch, they serve buffet for $10!
Ackee and salt fish on Fridays!!!As far as I'm concerned.  This is my "go-too" place for Jamaican food.  It's always tasty, made pretty quickly, the service is impeccable and their reasonably priced.  And did I say conveniently located?  What more can I say?  Phone and order..Haven't really had authentic Jamaican food before, so I do not know what to compare this to, but this place is very tasty! I love how they have a whole vegetarian section of the menu. For me, I enjoyed the veggie patty and the rice and peas most. Everything else was still good. I would love if they would add some jerk tofu or jerk something, that would definitely complete the vegetarian menu! I also love the colorful artwork inside, pictures of Jamaica, and the staff is very friendly. Thank you for this great experience, and remember, Jerk Tofu!! Haha update: I went back a few times and got the veggie roti, that is amazing! It's huge and a great deal for the price and its delicious!I absolutely loved it! The place was clean with an authentic feel to it and the food was great! It had big portions and was very tasty. I look forward to going back real soon.I know good Caribbean food when I taste it and this is some of the best authentic Jamaican food in city.  Hands down.   I've gone to other Caribbean restaurants in the city and they were no where near as good.  It's not the watered down American version of Jamaican food, but real Jamaican food that's spicy and full of flavor.  I always get the Brown Stew chicken and it's better than mine and my mother in-laws (sorry).  It's so good.  I also love the cabbage and the rice and peas.  The cabbage was perfectly cooked, nice and crunchy.  The rice and peas were also perfectly cooked with the right texture.  People think it's supposed to have the texture of risotto, but that's not the case.  It's supposed to be a little dry.  Boswell's gets our stamp of approval and we are Belizean.  It says a lot when most of the patrons are Jamaican or from various Caribbean countries.Best (and only as far as I know) Jamaican joint in town. Very friendly laid back staff, good service and great hearty food. They carried ginger ale that I have not seen anywhere else in the city. Got the curry lamb with mac and cheese and plantains. Good stuff!We're from the Caribbean so we were delighted to find Caribbean food in New Orleans. My husband and I got the curry goat and the ox tails. I must  say everything was so tasty. The owner as really nice. We thoroughly enjoyed it. No regrets!!I went to this place for Jamaican style food served as buffet fare and I will be back soon.  I really enjoyed experiencing the different way the food is prepared.  The curry chicken was prepared with seasonings and spices that I am not so familiar with but tasted great.  The ox tails in brown gravy were very tender and the meat was removed from the bones effortlessly.  The peas and rice were a bit dry, but I am more accustomed to red beans and rice, New Orleans style.  The steamed vegetables were a great side dish.  The house salad with homemade honey mustard dressing was terrific. The Jerk Chicken tasted great as well, however it was somewhat tough.  I initially thought that perhaps my first serving had  been on the steam tables for a while but my second serving was straight from the kitchen and it was still tough like the ruling rooster, the barn yard pimp himself.  I had a Ginger Beer and it was absolutely an excellently refreshing choice.Love this place!! My family and I eat here atleast twice a week. The oxtails are delicious. The food is very authentic and flavorful. We've never been unhappy with the food. Plus they servings are plentiful!While the food was good yesterday, I have been sick since 5 am. Now I'm not saying that it was their fault but it WAS the only thing I ate yesterday. Also, I'm used to Jamaican restaurants having a little attitude but the older guy was really rude. That didn't turn me away but being having to be in fetal position all day drinking Pedialyte sure did.Really hidden gem in Nola! Good Jamaican food !! Had the seasoned fish, callaloo and rice and peas. All was greatFood was good but the service was slow. They did not have enough help during Essence Festival. There were not enough menus and they didn't bring our checks to the table we had to go line up at the bar repeat our order to cash out. The chef was nice she came out and greeted people so they just need to get their front end staff some support and they'll be fine.I love Boswell's. They are like family to me now. The owner invites me to parties that they give. They invite me to events they give after hours. They sometimes have live Reggae Bands come perform. I love getting the buffet. I love getting the ox tails but you cannot go wrong with the jerk chiken or shrimp if you are a first timer. They also have the some great lemonade and if you and a drink they also have a Bar.When I walked into the place there were a couple families dinning in and a few people at the bar doing takeout orders. I sat at the bar to order takeout. I sat for 5 minutes before being acknowledged. There was only one person taking orders and serving the families that were dinning in. By this time 4 other people had walked in. The guy that was serving and taking orders finally took my order and then went to serve the families at the table. It took about 10 minutes for the food to be ready.
I ordered Oxtails, rice and peas, with Mac and cheese. I also got a beef patty. The meal was very flavorful and delicious. The beef patty was spicy (although they have mild on the menu I think they just give you what they have) so if you're spice sensitive make sure you ask for mild. I couldn't tell you how the plantains taste because I'm not a fan.
Simply put great food but not so great service.Okay so I made a Yelp account just to review this restaurant. First time having Jamaican food. It was sooo good. The spicy beef patty was so so good. I got the jerk chicken with the steamed veggies and rice and peas. It came with plantains. The food was delicious. I would've liked my plantains to be thinner and fried more crisp, but that's really my only complaint. I ate them with the rice and peas. The chicken came right off the bone. VERY GOOD AND SPICY.Terrible service. I can't comment on the food because I was never served. I waited in line for close to 30 mins, then was instructed to be seated. The owner came to silently clean my table, walked off with an attitude and never served or greeted me. Maybe he was having a bad day, but I got better service at Burger King down the street.NO! server has the worst attitude! Don't waste your time here . Food is pretty bland as well but tea isn't anything shy of diabetes! BEWARE!!!!!!!!Not too shabby... buffet was good. Food tasted home-cooked and fresh. I disagree with the $ rating... should be more like $$. Jerk chicken was a little too salty. Difficult parking. Checking out took too long. 4 stars for the international flavor (which New Orleans needs more of) and mom and pop feel.
After reading some of the other reviews, I wish I would have been more adventurous and gone with something other than the buffet.The food is delicious!!!  Curry chicken, Curry Goat, Fried Snapper, Rice & Peas, Calilou, Macaroni...  Everything is great!!!  One of the best restaurants in New OrleansI was craving roti. I'd tried another place the day before and it was awful. I tried THIS place yesterday, skeptical because it's a Jamaican place. Boy was I pleasantly surprised! Had the buffet and split the roti with a friend. The buffet was good, but the chicken roti was OUTSTANDING! So good, in fact, that I went again, today. 
Pleasant staff. 
Clean restaurant. 
Reasonably priced. 
Great food!This is the best restaurant in New Orleans the food is so good always hot always fast!! So great everyone should eat here at least once!UPDATE: I have been dealing with food poisoning for the last two weeks. I should have just gone to the hospital! How do I give no stars and contact the health department? 
While the food was good yesterday, I have been sick since 5 am. Now I'm not saying that it was their fault but it WAS the only thing I ate yesterday. Also, I'm used to Jamaican restaurants having a little attitude but the older guy was really rude. That didn't turn me away but being having to be in fetal position all day drinking pediasure did.I went for lunch last week with a group of work peeps. Only 1 of us opted for the lunch buffet which was very meaty, if that's your thing. The rest of us ordered off the menu: 1 shrimp poboy, 2 ital plates, 1 jerk chicken and 1 mixed jerk plate. I loved my ital plate... callaloo, beans & rice, plantains and a veg...OK the veg that day was cooked cabbage which is not my favorite but it was a good value for the money and I actually ate the rest at a 2nd meal. My coworkers enjoyed their poboy and jerk chicken. The person who had the buffet loved the variety of meats (which are unlabeled so ask if there is something you don't/can't eat). 
The service was really friendly and the decor was basic but clean. My iced tea was sweetened and I wish I had been warned, I would have gone with a Jamaican drink or water. 
I'm glad I finally got to visit and I'll have to go back to sample more of the menu.Food was ok..had the jerk chicken which had a good flavor but seemed like it was cooked 2 days before I ordered it.. Haven't been back in a while but I plan to give them another chance.. Finding authentic Jamaican food in Louisiana is nearly impossible.Visiting NO for the holidays when my sister-in-law decided to take us out for lunch for some authentic Jamaican food. As a Jamaican, I'm always skeptical of claims of good Jamaican food outside of Jamaica or my grandmother's kitchen. I was pleasantly surprised to discover excellent authentic jerk chicken, oxtails, and brown stewed chicken. One Love!Excellent cheap eats. Most meals are under $15 and Include a meat, 2 bountiful sides, and some plantains. 
Not the cutest restaurant, or in the best location, but Boswells definitely has an odd charm that is also shown by its staff. Do not go to this place looking for exceptional service or to be schmoozed, they are very passive. Our waitress at the end of the meal, after we told her how much we enjoyed the food, told us that this food is easy to make and that we could do it at home. 
All of our meat was serving with bone in, which I was a big fan of. I ordered the jerk chicken with rice and peas and the greens medley. (Sadly they were out of the Mac and cheese at the time :(. ) I had no complaints about the chicken, but too be honest, I enjoyed the sides more. My friend ordered the curried goat, which I will definitely be ordering next time. 
Overall, Left boswells full and very happy with intentions to come back.Very poor service...small portions for the price (paid $12 for 4 small pieces of oxtail)...It's mediocre Jamaican food that I waited 45 mins for. But I guess if it's your first time eating caribbean food you may like it. I miss caribbean food back home in the Northeast. If I return, I may try the lunch buffet so I wouldn't have to deal with a long wait time as other customers did- they seemed to have a better experience.I like Boswell's. I went for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and before I even arrived at the restaurant, I was starting to worry about what to get from the menu, because I wanted everything. But when I got there, there was a buffet! Problem solved.
Both my friend M and I enjoyed the buffet. I did not need seconds, but I had to have some more. When I was returning to my table with a less-than-full plate, someone at another table told me I should eat more. I wished I could. Lol. The price was very reasonable as well, at slightly over $10. 
Having read the reviews, I would like to try items from the menu as well. Maybe that's what I'll do next time! :)Revisited this restaurant again and had the lunch buffet. There was a good variety of tasteful food. The buffet/this experience was much better than the 1st time around. Will return.I came across this place while working (10-7-13) in the area. I hadn't eaten jamaican food in a while  so I decided to try this place. I'm glade I did.  I ordered the jerk chicken plate. Which included plantains and Jamaican rice and peas. The chicken was well cooked and seasoned just  right. The rice and peas were very good not as good as the Haitian rice and peas I had in Florida but really close. The plantains were cooked just right,  best I've ever had. The service was okay I think the gentleman that took my order may have been helping in the kitchen also. But don't let this keep you from this place. On my return trip I will try the the goat and the Roti. Really good food at the right price.I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place, as I've been raving about it for at least a year now.  Boswells is one of the first places I want to go whenever we are away from New Orleans for awhile.  
The Jamaican Jerk Chicken and Pork lunches are fantastic, and dont' forget to grab some coco bread (tastes much better than what it looks like which is rolls from KFC) and their meat and vegetable meat pies, which taste wonderful up to a week later.  I can't wait to eat there next, and the people there have always been very polite and attentive.Great Jamaican spot! We observed a table of patrons leave because they thought the service was slow. We didn't experience that at all. The food was on point and quite generous portions for the reasonable price.This was the worse Caribbean restaurant I have been to. The food left much to be desire. I ordered bake and I don't know what that was I got. I just hated that I didn't check my order before I left.Some colleagues mentioned the delicious food they had at this restaurant, so I decided to check it out for lunch. It's located in a transitional area along Tulane Ave, where construction (currently) abounds. Thankfully, there is off street parking right out front. 
When you walk in, the restaurant is spacious, with individual tables as well as a bar area for dining.  Speaking of bar, they have a modest array of liquors for purchase in addition to a wide selection of soft drinks and juices. 
I went for the lunch buffet. On the day I visited, it included a green salad along with assorted fresh fruits: grapes, pineapple & watermelon. The hot entrées were: white rice, rice & peas, stewed chicken, curry chicken, jerk chicken and cabbage. The cost was very reasonable for the buffet at $11.00. Truthfully, I tried a bit of everything, which was a good call...all delicious. The hot items were all seasoned very well and were quite flavorful. My favorites were the cabbage and curry chicken (tender, juicy and very flavorful).
One bonus: you can get the lunch buffet to eat in -OR- to take out! They have styrofoam containers for those of us on the go! Great idea!Absolutely LOVE this place! Apparently I've passed this little gem time after time without even noticing it. Luckily, my GPS has a restaurant feature and I put in carribean and up pops this place! The staff are so friendly and the food is authentic Jamaican! Curry shrimp, rice and peas, mac and cheese, and brown stew red snapper are just a few of my favorites!Authentic, great atmosphere, and the food is delicious. During lunch hours they have a small buffet that's incredible! This spot is always consistent when it comes to Jamaican food. I love the lemonade from boswellMy friends raved about boswells for over a year before I had a chance to go.  My vegetarian very pregnant friend and I headed over one night to get some good grub.
The food definately lived up to our expectations.  I got the curried goat, plantains, and greens.... holy hell it was delicious.  The goat was tender and cooked on the bone with a wonderful dark curry flavor.  Not too strong but clear and concise.  The greens were hot and perfectly cooked. And the plantains are quite seriously the best I've ever had.  I could have eaten a huge bowl of those.
My friend ordered the veggie plate and raved over it.  It looked utterly wonderful.
It's not too expensive to go and the menu definately has something for whatever your mood.  The old guy who served us was very nice and all of the patrons were frinedly.  It's definately a casual place and I can't wait to go back and get a chance to try something else..... and get me some more of those awesome plantains.The lunch boofay was great. Priced right and the food was bountiful and very flavorful. Will definitely return to this hidden gem. The staff was super nice as well.
Ya mon.This is a great place!! Don't be put off by the outside. Yes it is a metal building on a not great stretch of Tulane Avenue, but the food is worth it. They have a buffet at lunch. The curry is wonderful as are the rice and peas. 
Thier pies (stuffed, savory not sweet) are great. I particularly like the vegetarian one.Well, I never tried Jamaican food  before, so I got the shrimp and two sides. This place was very clean, the people was very nice, and the service was wonderful! The food was very fresh and very good. I will most definitely go again, and this time I will try the Jerk Chicken.. :) oh, yeah! I love how they make your food look so pretty when it come to you..
Edit: like I said in the first review, I never tried Jamaican food before, and now I know why. In my review I only had the shrimp and Mac and cheese and I also said I was going to go back to try the Jerk chicken. I'm not a fan of the jerk chicken, it was pretty much dry, but the favor was still there. I would still go to this place because they do have really great shrimp and awesome fries, but the jerk chicken I didn't like to much. Maybe because it was late, and right before closing, but I still think they should have done better with it.. I will keep the the 5 stars, because of the great customer service and the awesome shrimp and fries. :)I've eaten at Boswell's before.  It's one of the few Jamaican spots in New Orleans. But today was just ridiculous that I'm posting this while my food gets cold.  I ordered my usual large oxtails dinner.  While at the counter I open the box to put pepper sauce on it and  there are these three thin bones.  I ask the woman at the counter, "Is this the large plate?"  She says yes.  Now I've eaten there enough to know the difference.  When you sit down, you get a meal sized portion.  Clearly they are doing the whole bait&switch.  Giving you less because its take out and you won't realize it until you are home.  Trifling. Just trifling.  She didn't even try to make this right.  Just looked shamefaced and walked away.Very laid back atmosphere and service.  Vegetable patty was a touch dry, but my companion claims it was just as it should have been.  My chicken, greens, plantains were extremely satisfying.  I think about them often.  Will definitely try their jerk meats in the future.The food was ok. After having lived in Chicago for almost 7 years I have to come to expect better Jamaican food. The worse disappointment was the callilou (sp)...it tasted like spinach instead! I don't see this place as an eatery I will be partaking in anytime in the future.The food was fantastic, real authentic Jamaican food. You get a lot for your money.I ordered the jerk chicken salad for lunch and had enough left over for dinnerLove the food, great authentic flavor. Just don't be in a hurry if you go there, it's not fast.Boswell's is great. It may look like a hole in the wall but the food in awesome. The lunch buffet gives you everything you need.  Love the jerk chicken, curry chicken, mac-n-cheese, vegetables, and beef patties.I really loved the food here - not the cocoa bread - it had been microwaved and, you know, bread and microwaves are not friendly. I can't wait to go back from some more extremely tasty food. We were even let in after they were closed, as well as about 4 more tables. Would LOVE to come back for the buffet!So dope! Everything is good. Seriously - I've had it all and I've never been disappointed. It used to be a hole-in-the-wall - the first time I walked in there it was like four Jamaican dudes sitting around b.s.-ing and I swear the record skipped and scratched as everyone froze and stared at me. And the chicken was mad delicious! Peas and rice, Callaloo, Jamaican patties, curry goat... Yes. Yes please.I've been returning to this restaurant periodically for the lunch buffet and I'm yet to be disappointed.  I especially enjoy the quick service of the buffet style dining.  Today's food item choices that I selected were truly delectable.   I started with a nice light salad of Mixed Green Lettuces, Sliced Garden Tomatoes & Cherry Tomatoes, Shredded Carrots, Sliced Cucumbers and Grated Cheddar Cheese with Honey Mustard Dressing.  From the steam tables I selected small portions of Curried Chicken & Gravy, Ox Tails in Dark Brown Gravy, Jerked Chicken,  Pineapple Chicken & Gravy, Steamed Vegetables and Peas & Rice. For a beverage, I had a wonderful Ginger Beer.  This was great comfort food with a Jamaican twist.Awesome as usual.  Goat is hard to find in NOLA. They have the best curried goat.  Hubby enjoyed the goat and I had a veggie plate.  Looks delicious, tasted even better. Highly recommend this for Jamaican food!BLUF:  I am a huge fan; food/place is legit.
I went to Jamaica last Christmas and traveled around.  Feel in love with their curry chicken.  So that is what I got at Boswell's.  Tasted the same; awesome.  It was a good portion of chicken swimming in the curry.  I got rice and peas and mac and cheese for my sides.  (peas are actually beans but that is what they call beans in jamaica.)  The mac and cheese had very home cooked taste and it was also good.
My date got the jerk pork.  A little on the dry side but the jerk was a nice dry rub.  Not bad.  Not fantastic.  She got the rice and peas and the mixed veggies.  She really liked her veggies.  
The atmosphere is legit too.  Has that international developing country feel.  Very simple.  Waitress was nice but not the worlds best.  But that is the same as jamaica (most country's outside of US).  
It was a great place.  It would be hard for me to not order the curry chicken.No service . The friendly  Jamaican culture did not survive here . Eat your food and get out . That's the message .  Food is good but would not survive next to a Jamaican restaurant with friendly staff . 3 stars for the food .  Service is busy with friends . No beer lol , it's on the menu but no alcohol . I wonder what happened to it lolI was visiting New Orleans for 2 days and happened upon this place on a referral.  This was the last place I dined at before leaving out.  Though it was the best of all the restaurants I ate at, it only earned 3 stars.  Being a personal chef & caterer has earned me the right to be a food critic.  This however is more of a curse than a blessing since I don't tend to find many eateries that measure up.
I love Jamaican food so I try and visit Caribbean restaurants when I can.  This is restaurant where you have the option to order from the menu or participate in the all you can eat buffet.  The jerk chicken (which is my favorite) was very disappointing; it lacked spices and was very dry.  My jerk chicken beats their version hands down.  The brown gravy and curry chicken were both good which is what gave them 3 stars.  The lemonade was straight up water, sugar, yellow food coloring maybe but I did not taste lemon at all.
I ordered a piece of lemon cake to go because it looked so good.  It was very moist, a bit on the sweet side, and did not detect a trace of lemon anywhere.  Next time I visit, I will rent a vacation home where I can do my own cooking and invite my friends over to eat.I buy my curry powder from here and the jerk is pretty good; sometimes the staff is not the MOST pleasant and it can be bus around lunch time on weekdays but its solid if you're craving Jamaican food.If there was an option for NEGATIVES -1 that's what I would of given that place!!! 
Service was absolutely HORRIBLE! the OWNER/WAITRESS always seems to have an ATTITUDES, the first time I went in there I tried to by pass the service! Then I went again few months later with a friend! AGAIN service was even WORSE!! Waited almost 20 minutes for her to come to our table as we watched her walking back n fourth passing us didn't even acknowledge us! Finally I went by the bar trying to put our order in her ATTITUDE was even WORSE!!! My friend n I ended up leaving without ordering!!  I was so embarrass for even referring my friend to a place like that!! 
My ADVICE to you all DO NOT WASTE your MONEY in a place that doesn't appreciate you or your business!!!So good. Buffets are not supposed to be so fresh and flavorful. Great food and great services. If you like Jamaican food you'll love this place. If you don't you still will. Family owned and operated.This great little spot serves up a good selection of the culture. I had the oxtails and callaloo. Great seasoning fall off the bone oxtails.I ordered the jerk chicken with a side of Mac-N-Cheese and Jamaican veggies. 
Chicken- delicious and spicy. They chopped the chicken leg into smaller parts. The side sauce was both smokey and with that Jamaican je ne sais quoi flavor. 
Veggies- unique flavors for stewed kale/greens. I would order this again. 
Mac-n-Cheese-  the only disappointing part of the meal. It was the baked kind of macaroni, with a nice crisp on top. However, the cheese flavor was lacking. It was just heavy.Tried the jerk chicken with rice and peas and mac n cheese and everything was good.  Me and husband both thought the jerk could have a little bit more hit but everything was good.  Definitely be back before we leave New OrleansBoswells has been one of my favorites in the city as far as Jamaican cuisine goes. Good food and reasonable prices. Today's experience was the worst. FOH did not serve my drinks I had to get cups on my own as if I'm part of staff, the food wasn't hot and the older lady with red hair had the worst attitude towards my table alone as she was wonderful with others dining in. Not once did she check on us,, I had to have my food put in the microwave. That was my last visit. When I spend my money any establishment I expect to be treated a certain way. She blew it for me,,,until she is removed I won't be back.... Customer service need improvement!!!This Jamaican Hut is the real deal.I repeat this is the real deal.I had the jerk chicken with rice and peas and dem tings. Tue good was served hot and fresh.Come one come all.Me and a group of friends came in to order some food to go. The service was good, the owners were nice and made good conversation while we waited for our food. The place could've been a lot cleaner but I ignored it because lots of nola restaurants aren't the cleanest. The food was mediocre, so I didn't plan on coming back. Later that evening 3 out of the 4 of us were sick from the food.The lunch here is a buffet loaded with Jamaican food.
Salad
Fruits 
Two different rices
Jerk chicken 
Beef two ways
And much more. In addition you can get items off the menu and the meat pies, those are yummies. 
The seating is great and the staff is very helpful. 
Also the buffet items change daily. 
Enjoy a slice of Jamaica.I got the brown stew chicken with rice and peas and vegetables. I thought it was ok. My family is Jamaican so I was excited to eat some good Jamaican good again and it was ok. Chicken was a little fatty, I thought out of everything the vegetables were horrible, plantains were good... Everything else was ok. Nothing like my grandmas.Went for lunch on a Saturday after a night out. It's in a sketchy part of town, and the appearance from the outside is - if I am being polite - humble. Do not let this deter you, because this place was really good. I had the combination jerk chicken and pork plate with rice and callaloo medley, which is basically a Jamaican green.  Everything was spiced very well. The chicken and pork were tender and slightly smoky, and a little sweet when given a shot of the jerk sauce. The meat went well with the rice, which I think had a hint of coconut milk. The real surprise was the greens. I don't know what they did with them, but they were some of the best I have ever had. They were spiced to perfection, and they must have cleaned them extremely well because there was no pungent taste that you can get when they're not properly cleaned. Also, get a side of coco bread to share. 
The only issue I had with the place was the service, but it was one guy serving the whole place, due to the owner being at a personal engagement. Overall, very good experience.This was my first time visiting this restaurant. We walked in and I was not sure if you just seat yourself or what. We ended up ordering at the bar then sat down. We waited 40 minutes for our food. During that time a couple of employees asked if we had ordered already. It would have been nice to at least have our drinks during this 40 minute wait. I realized that this restaurant gets a lot of carry out and delivery orders. So instead of our dine in order being put to the front, it was in line behind the massive to go orders in front of us. Finally, we received our food. Oh my goodness it was so good. It was fresh and hot. The food portions are plentiful. The food was so good that I forgave them for the 40 minute wait lol. I highly recommend that you order your food before you arrive. If you dine in just be prepared to wait.Amaizing food with great service!!! The prices are also great. Family friendly place and very popular from what I see!The food isn't bad here, it's edible. Well let me pre-empt that by saying, on my first visit the food was NOT edible, at all. It tasted like they literally wasted all the salt in the kitchen in my plate and Im a person who loves salt. I had to throw it out. I decided to give them another chance because I knew there was no way they really cook like that so it had to be a kitchen mistake. Also my grandmother lives next door in the senior living facility so it was convenient. The other times the food wasn't nearly as salty so idk what happened that first day but the reason for the two stars is this: BAD SERVICE and FOOD THATS JUST NOT WORTH DEALING WITH IT. Listen, I've ordered from many Jamaican restaurants in different cities (including New York) over many years so I'm not expecting service with a smile or a nice greeting when I walk in. That's just not what you get ordering food in most small time Americanized Jamaican restaurants. However,  EACH time I visited this place, the staff seemed like they were annoyed at my very existence. I ask a question, I get snarled at and no response just a point or motion. They drop your change in your hand and just turn away. You say thank you and no response. I finally got sick of it and just stopped going. I thought maybe once I came a few more times and continued to be polite they would soften, NOPE. I mean, when you can't even say You're welcome after I just thanked you for food that I paid for and I've done you nothing??? They make you feel like they are a food kitchen and you're eating for free off of their labor and tax dollars, like you didn't have a choice in choosing to eat there. I just figured I'd eat ice cream and graham crackers with my Nana when I visit her cause I do have a choice and those crackers make me feel better than visiting here.This place is a hidden gem, and has that vibe as well. My friend and I enjoyed every bite of our meals last night. I had the curried chicken, plantains, callalou (greens), and mac and cheese. The curry is mild and really flavorful. Tried my friend's brown stewed chicken, which was equally as delicious. Small staff, seems family owned and operated. Not a quick in-and-out kind of place unless you're getting takeout, but it's definitely worth the wait. 
If you're not sure where to eat tonight, you won't regret giving Boswell's a shot.Low key, relaxed and independent experience! The food on the buffet is authentic and amazing! The curry chicken, rice & peas and veggies is my favorite! The fruit salad is fresh and the coco bread is a must add with your food. Don't be shy to try new things here...it won't disappoint.The lunch buffet is AMAZING. For 10.95 between 11 am & 3 pm you can get unlimited curry chicken, curry shrimp, jerk chicken, stewed chicken, mac and cheese, cabbage, fruit salad, etcSo damn good!!! Veggie patties, roti, jerk chicken all my favorites. The service is very informal and laid back. I love it.Absolutely loved the food, didn't know this place existed, I hit the Mother load when I found this restaurant!I've been eating at Boswell's for well over a year now. Being from the Caribbean, I would consider myself to be more critical than most of Jamaican food... In fact I can tell you where every Jamaican, Cuban and Eastern Indian restaurant is for 200 miles. 
I have loved everything I've eaten here. If you don't know about Jamaican food, I recommend the lunch buffet although I find it to be a bit overpriced. Go during lunch and it will be excellent. If you don't like it, you don't like good Jamaican food. It's as authentic as it gets in Jamaica. Go for the menu items if you want a better experience and you know what you're ordering. 
Parking is not so great here and sometimes I feel like the only crazy white guy in New Orleans when eating there, but it's all part of the Caribbean experience... Get a Red Stripe and it's all good Mon! Very authentic Jamaican even down to the bill. I can eat the exact same meal three times and have three different totals on the bill. I come here for food though, not accuracy. And I keep coming back...
I still think he passes spinach as callaloo, but I can't prove that... Someday I'll sneak in the back and and see. Still tastes great, I just don't know where he could be getting callaloo from around here??? Just ranting now! Try them out!If you are looking for some good local home cooked Jamaican food this is the place. The food is tasty, they make the food pretty quickly and the place has nice simple community vibe to it.Tried Boswell's for the first time yesterday, and I already can't wait to go back. I had the jerk chicken plate with rice and peas and macaroni and cheese. Everything was cooked to perfection! Definitely will be one of my frequent spots!This is most definitely NOT THE BEST AUTHENTIC CARIBBEAN FOOD in New Orleans!!! The service was horrible and the food was nasty! Macaroni had a weird chemical taste to it , the jerk chicken did not taste like jerk at all! - please do not spend your money here!! Coco Hut is way better and more authentic!Idk what this is but it sure isnt the jamaican food im used to and grew up on i had the rice and peas, jerked chicken, plantains, and callaloo. It was awful. But the jamaican patties were good.This was my first time here. 
Bright colors you'd associate with Jamaica outside and inside. Small outside patio, kind of set back on Tulane, not much street parking and small lot in front. 
Its small inside, too. Maybe 8 tables and a bar in the middle of the room. Bare bones is ok with me as long as the food is good. 
A buffet was offered with a couple of chicken dishes, some fried fish, Mac and cheese, rice, etc. 
Its a place where you don't know if they have servers or if you just order at the bar or station, so as I was getting up to get menus, someone was walking toward me with menus. 
We ordered off the menu, jerk chicken for me with sides of Mac and cheese and rice and peas. Plantains come with, too. The lady ordered oxtails with the same sides. 
The chicken was really good, and the jerk sauce really added some flavor. The oxtail was of course, delicious. 
Getting the check was similar to getting menus.... no one came forward, so I went to the bar and got rung up. 
The food is REALLY good.Wow! If you get that jerk chicken hankering, this is the place.  Just finished and my mouth is still tingling.  Greens were very good as were plantains.  Peas and rice needed more peas, but l came for the chicken and it was excellent.I was visiting New Orleans from Los Angeles and found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. When I arrived I decided to get the buffet and a separate oxtail plate and to my surprise both of them were good the mac & cheese was also good the rice and peas was really good I totally recommend this place. The customer service was a little dry but the food was good so I'll let that slideI agree with some other reviews that you really have to make yourself known to get some service around here (superrrrrr laid back) so if you're in a rush and not looking to spend 1 hour on lunch- maybe re think? I truly do love the food but unfortunately my car was broken into in the parking lot right outside at 12:00pm. The workers didn't really seem to care or look surprised (it's really a terrible area) so beware. I think I'll just stick to take out.This food was good my favorite was the jerk chicken which I wanted more of I was they would add another piece of chicken instead of just a cut leg quarter by its self other then that the food was good!!!This restaurant has the worst customer service that I was ever experienced. The  employees are very rude I was even hung up on when I was just to place my order.This is a small local vibe. We found it at the recommendation of our Lyft driver and LOvED it! The guy working who I assume was the owner was very kind, even though we came in very close to closing. We got the shrimp roti and goat roti, which is like a large curry burrito and they were both SO good! I would definitely recommend if you want some great local food! Prices were also reasonable, $16 for the (large) roti, 2 sides and plantain. Only complaint would be the goat comes with bones in ( which I think is normal for goat dishes) so be prepared to work for your food a bit-- shrimp was delicious!They have some good food and fantastic hot sauces here.  The lunch buffet usually ranges from alright to great and they often have a good selection of items but on average I think if you order off the menu you will have a better experience here.  The service can be painfully slow sometimes so if you aren't getting the lunch buffet this isn't a reliably fast place to eat if you're in any kind of hurry but they are getting faster.  
Boswell's has also become a long time Jazz Fest (and other fests) favorite as they give you a much needed boost of some good veggies and they are usually next to the strawberry lemonade booth as a bonus.  They don't have fresh brewed unsweet iced tea at the restaurant and only have sweet tea which is a big pet peeve of mine so that irks my scotch bonnet to the core.I am Jamaican so it is mandatory that I have access to a Jamaican restaurant when necessary. I did a search for a local restaurant and only 3 options popped up. The only one that seemed to be authentic was Boswell's Jamaican Grill. 
I headed over there to get my fix. The restaurant itself was very plain and underwhelming. It looked like a cafeteria and under normal circumstances probably wouldn't be the sort of place I would decide to stop into and eat. The inside was a little better, decorated with various hints of Caribbean culture, but still not fancy. 
Anyways, I didn't come for the decor but for the food. I played it safe and order the Jerk Chicken plate. It came with two sides and plantains. I choose Rice and Peas and Mac and Cheese as my two sides. The Mac and Cheese was really good but the rest was just slightly above average. The Jerk Sauce was not cooked into the chicken but given on the side in a cold refrigerated bottle, which I didn't like. Although the sauce had great flavor, how it was presented made it not so good. The chicken itself was a little dry. 
The Oxtail fared much better. It had nice flavor and was falling off the bone tender. I have had so much Jamaican food in my life that in comparison, the food here was nothing special, but if you are looking for a good cooked plate of food, it is definitely a good option to consider.  
The place is owned and operated by a Jamaican, so it is "authentic", but if you are not "authentic", then you will probably enjoy it a lot more than I did. Either way, they sell a few West Indian grocery items that you can't find in a regular grocery store so it is a good place to stop into for that reason alone.Definitely give this place a try for the lunch buffet. There are no lines in the parking lot, so I just go diagonal. Lots of good chicken and pork dishes with rice and macaroni and cheese. Our waitress also made sure we ate our fruits and vegetables. You can have a good meal and be out of there for 10 bucks plus tip.Quite honestly, I love this place. I generally get the oxtails, jerk chicken, callaloo and mac-n-cheese. I can never finish it, but I do take it home and DEVOUR it later. I will admit the service isn't "attentive," but it works. It's kind of like walking up to a family reunion and everyone is looking at you all confused...then they laugh and tell you to come on and eat...and go about their lives. It works for me.The food is really good here but if you've ever been to the islands you know that no one is in a hurry to do anything and that's how they roll here . Great food but sloooow service and it's it's busy oh man your gonna be there a while , the run out of stuff all the time so the menu changes throughout the day . Very nice family that owns and runs it but if your looking to eat quickly this isn't the place but if you have time to relax and talk while to food is being made then you need to get to boswells . Food is 4 stars but service is a 1It is a laid back place, and it takes some time and effort to get any service; you have to make yourself known it seems. They were doing a vigorous takeout and delivery business, and you might have better luck ordering in advance. But assuming you aren't expecting anything fancy, this Jamaican place offers cheap and interesting food. They offer an "Ital plate"; a shortened form of the word "vital" which denotes a Rastafari concept of clean eating. And don't get me wrong, I like New Orleans food, but it is pretty indulgent and I was happy to give this alternative a shot.
The plate is primarily a callaloo, a red beans and rice dish that tastes quite different from New Orleans style red beans and rice, in this case being rather light and possessing a warm, hearty aroma that smelled like some long-forgotten home. It was accompanied by some fried plantain, braised greens of some sort, and cabbage. Again, not fancy, but it was delicious, a full takeout container for the money, and I felt good after I ate it.
It's not a vegetarian restaurant, but they have a few other such menu items that I might try.There was no beef patty on the order menu. Got the veggie patty and it was hollow Bread with some veg inside. I thought the flavors would be much more prominent than they were. Had Jerk chicken & curry chicken.Excellent lunch buffet featuring jerk chicken, curry chicken, oxtails, rice and beans, salad, mac and cheese. The jerk chicken is by far the best of all. Top it off with a cold Jamaican Ginger Beer and your tastebuds think you are in Montego Bay.Best Jamaican food in the city.  The jerk is good everything else is ok.The food is so delicious, service is hit or miss but I never dine in anyway. The parking lot small and they also have outdoor seatingWent here with my family, and everything was great. A lot of places in the city don't have the authentic flavor, I just wish the customer service was better. Our drinks were empty for quite some time. We were never informed that we could refill our own cups.The food there is great, my husband and I went there two weeks straight. The first time we went we ordered two jerk chicken and pork plates ( delicious and plentiful).,the next week we ordered the oxtail plate and another jerk chicken and pork plate,the food is great and you want be disappointed!!When we're in New Orleans,we will definitely stop there for some good Jamaican food.Yess and Yesssss.... thank you and the food was great and amazing. The Goat was seasoned well-done
..definately will be going backCovid has affected my review of Boswell. The star of the show here was the great lunch buffet. Since covid Boswell has had no buffet and you have to take it to-go or eat it on the tables on the porch. All the proteins are now mediocre. I had the brown chicken stew today that was pretty flavorless. The veggies on the other had are still glorious. The rice and peas, greens, plantains are all great. The veggie plate of the full platters is probably the best deal here. Next time I come for lunch will probably do the meat pie and greens.One of the first places I ate when I came to New Orleans and fell in love. The jerk chicken is always a safe bet but the curry goat is filling and savory, especially with some peas and rice. Not a big fan of Jamaican mac and cheese but the plantain more than makes up for it. Skip the former for extra of the latter.This gem introduced me to oxtails. What was my life like before I savored the delicacies that Jamaican cuisine has to offer? The food was amazing and everything I imagined my first Jamaican taste would be. I can't wait to try more menu items. I also hope life resumes to normal soon so I can take part in their buffet that I keep hearing great things about. Now that I've checked off oxtails, next time I'm going for the curry goat. ;)OMG this is soooo good. It is authentic and great quality. This is just what I wanted and I am looking forward to trying other menu items. I ordered a plate through Uber eats with some people in my office. I got the jerk chicken on top of rice and peas, plantains and steamed veggies. The chicken was so flavorful and cooked to perfection as well as rice and plantains. Gosh, I love island food. The steamed veggies were so salty, I did not enjoy them but it's all good. Can't wait to actually eat there in person, hopefully soon.The jamaican patties here are the best. Actually everything we had was so good and so affordable and huge portions. So happy I randomly ordered fod from here. Will be eating my weight in their food for sure. No pictures cuz we tore through everything so fast.Boswell is the goat. Support this place. It is a treasure. Brown stew chicken is like momma made. Great jerk chicken too.I'm a college student from the Caribbean. It's really easy to get homesick but I'm so happy I found Boswell's because it gives me a little piece of home! The food is amazing and always fresh, with phenomenal portion sizes for this price. If it's your first time definitely go for the stew or curry chicken with rice and peas. So delicious!As a jamaican, I was quite delighted to see a restaurant with such authentic cuisine! Made it for the lunch buffet, which was more than satisfying. Def will be back every time I hit Nola. Highly recommend!I had never had Jamaican food prior to having Boswell's ! I always wanted to try jerk chicken! My co-workers suggested ordering this place yesterday 12/30 and they swore up and down I wouldn't be disappointed and they were correct! Omg the jerk chicken plate was DELICIOUS ! If I could rate this place a 11 I would!! We had our food delivered to the WB via DoorDash and it was so hot and fresh! I ordered a homemade lemonde the cup was Huge! I honestly hated to eat all my food it was  SOOO GOOD ! LOOKING FORWARD to my leftovers today I kept making faces and saying Omg this is good! I will be back best believe that! I'm sending my friends here for Jamaican food from now on!Their food is incredible. From the Roti, to the meat pies, to the jerk chicken. And their greens are some of the best greens I have ever eaten! Staff was wonderful as well. Love this spot.Moving from Brooklyn, NY I've been reluctant to try Caribbean food in New Orleans. Today I could not stand it any longer after a year and watching a very funny video about Caribbean music. I needed my comfort food. I've looked at Boswell's on Yelp and passed it several times (it's less than a 7 minute bike ride from my house). In true New Yorker style I ordered delivery and it was delivered before time--perfect. I ordered the curry goat, rice and peas, vegetables, and a beef pattie and Jamaican soda for old times sake. It's a good thing I was home alone to enjoy and reminisce. Kicked back on my couch familiar and comforting flavors send me back to Brooklyn and engulf me like a warm cozy blanket. The veggies aren't as crunchy but yummy still. The plantains were a bit over cooked yet still sweet. The entree portion was big so I have some to tease my husband with later. Id order from Boswell's again. They definitely curbed my craving for Caribbean cuisine.The food smells amazing and it's reasonably priced but you definitely want to call ahead to avoid the long wait. As far as taste goes, if you've had good Caribbean food...this place will disappoint you. My fried snapper was overcooked, the plantains didn't taste fresh, the macaroni wasn't seasoned and my rice and peas were also bland. My husband ordered the jerk chicken with rice & peas and cabbage - he didn't even eat his food. The kids said only their fries were good.I have been to Boswell's a few times and normally it's pretty good. Today the oxtails were tough and hard to eat. DisappointedMy mother relocated to this area a year ago and requested some Jamaican food. The only place that came to mind for me was Boswell's. I've been before but it was some years ago. Well we went today for lunch. We had the buffet and it was absolutely delicious. We will definitely be back. The service and staff were all friendly and engaged us in conversation.This is a tucked away spot. I was a little worried when I saw no cars parked out front. They are not seating still (probably due to COVID) but we saw a few guest waiting for their food once we entered. I got the jerk chicken, macaroni, and greens. My fiancé got the oxtails with beans and callalo (I believe that's how it's spelled). While waiting for our food we decided to share a spicy patty.  IT WAS AMAZING. We had to purchase 2 more. The food looked beautiful even in styrofoam! It was just as good to eat. We definitely will be backDo NOT,I repeat DO NOT waste your time nor energy here!! "Waitress" is extremely RUDE, we might as well served ourselves! Service was extremely slow,and food was bland. If I wasnt so hungry,I would've walked out!! Watched 2 other couples walk out while we were there because of this woman!I come here often, it's tasty every time. The ital plate is my go to, I highly recommended it. They even have my husband's favorite ginger beer. Parking is a challenge. The parking lots fits about 4 cars, hopefully you snag one on the street.Good looks good. But wow. The lady just threw my food on the counter... I thought maybe more to come.? But no... She is just plain rude. I ask a patron next to me and she agreed.. but the food looks goodBest Jamaican food I've had in the states (I've tried it in 5 states so far) loved it. Was only in NOLA for 3 days and had Boswells twiceI've been here once before and the food looks, smells  and tastes like authentic Jamaican food unlike that of Island Paradise in Gretna.  The customer service at these Jamaican joints are always subpar but the food here is always on point.  
Entrees come with with two sides.  I ordered curried goat and oxtails with peas and rice and mac n cheese. Unlike other restaurants, they have "soul food" side options too like mac n cheese and calalloo (similar to collard greens).  
I think I'll try the calalloo next time for a side.  The prices are very reasonable and aligned with what I'm used to spending for these dishes.  
Their meat patties are delish and they have more varieties than the traditional spicy and mild. They offer chicken and veggie as well.  
If you dine-in and enjoy your meal, free refills on tea and lemonade is self served.  This has now become my fav go to for authentic Jamaican food.If you've been turned off to Jamaican food, you haven't tried Boswell's. THIS PLACE A-MAZING!!!  Now, I've never been to Jamaica or the Caribbean for that matter so I can't tell you if it's authentic or not, but I can tell you it was so good!  I'm a Texas BBQ girl but  the jerk chicken took me to another level. My son, 17 year old and hates to try new food, cleaned his plate.  Mac & cheese Nothing left but bones!  And the plantains...y'all...omgSooo good!  Can't wait until we can go when it's opened back up for dine in. Def coming back.I was in the mood for Jamaican food so I ordered takeout from Boswell's.  They every let me down on the quality of the food and the freshness.  I had the Jerk Chicken and the Curried Goat today and the smell was so good I was starving from the smell that I forgot to take pictures of the curried goat plate.  The food was excellent.Yasssssssssssss! 
^ that's my review in a nutshell. This restaurant was a bit further from the convention center but and island girl like myself couldn't visit NOLA without trying to find her home flavors. 
During the lunch hour is a buffet. I have never seen anything like this in my life! It was all you care to eat. It included pepper shrimp, curry chicken, brown stew chicken, cabbage, white rice, Mac and cheese, and rice and peas.
My husband got the stew fish (made to order). He was in heaven. The first few bits he closes his eyes as though he were in prayer (very dramatic). 
I enjoyed seeing a good blend of the Caribbean and the NOLA cuisine. 
Our waitress was a sweet trini woman. This is a hidden gem. The Lyft driver that dropped us off and picked ya up both had no idea this restaurant existed. 
This picture is of my buffet plate.Food is delicious but painfully slow.
Service is with a smile-about half the time.
Their rotis are my favorite! His curry is my favorite Jamaican curry in the city. 
There's a buffet on weekdays at lunch. 
Dress lightly; seems to always be very warm inside of the restaurant.I often come from the Northshore to come to this restaurant once I take care of my business in the area. 
When I usually come to this restaurant it always seems to be the longest wait with nobody waiting. The food is really good but the service is really bad. Often times, the wait staff of preoccupied with conversations, in the kitchen, or watching television in the dining area. 
I would give this restaurant a high rating but the quality of service received here needs to improve. Seems like every time I've come the wait has gotten much longer than the previous visit. 
I encourage you if you want some good Jamaican food that is reasonably priced and have a very long time to sit and wait for the spot for you.Being a black owned business, I really tried to give them the benefit of the doubt. However, I don't see anything positive about this establishment except that it's black owned. Service was extremely rude. I advise you to call in because you'll be waiting a long time. My chicken was overcooked and not seasoned. The rice and peas was bland. Couldn't do the macaroni at allll. The coco bread was soft, and the plaintains were ok. I can't even bring myself to come back here againI went on a lunch date. We had the buffet. I enjoyed the rice & peas and the stewed chicken. It was pretty good. The star of meal was the Mac and cheese. I was shocked. It was the best I ever had at a Jamaican spot. 
I've visited Boswell's before this date and I waited at the counter for 10 minutes and no one took my order. I thought I was invisible. I vowed to never return but my date insisted. I'm glad he did. I will return. I have missed the abundance of Caribbean food where I'm from and it feels good to know that there is somewhere to go in Nola to get my fix. 
*I will update this review as I try more of the menu.Been wanting to go here a long time and finally made it for lunch and the food had absolutely no seasoning. The oxtails were tiny and the plate was served with multiple bones. Curry chicken was the only thing that tasted good. The customer service is off, the cashier is constantly running to the back to replenish the buffet and the man that was ringing up food told me "wait for her!" When I asked to purchase a drink with my food. So sad it had to be this way.I ordered takeout here for lunch today for the first time and was very satisfied! I got the curry chicken w rice and peas, macaroni and cheese, and plantains. Everything was delicious - especially all the sides! It was also a large portion and I have plenty for a second meal leftover. Yay! I'll for sure be ordering from Boswell's again and can't wait to try more on the menu.I must admit that Boswells is my favorite Jamaican Spot in the city. The food is always fresh and flavorful since they make it to order. My favorites are the oxtails, jerk chicken, rice and peas, and macaroni. The service and customer service can certainly improve. The food overpowers the lack of customer service but it's still would be great. The owner could be more engaging be friendly or at least the servers. I sometimes walk in confused as to what to do. Do I sit or wait to be seated? But at the end of the day I always end up there for authentic food and let me not forget the amazing meat pies and coco bread. YUMBoswell's is a solid 4.5 star Jamaican restaurant on Tulane ave! I came here for the lunch buffet and was very pleasantly surprised! The outside doesn't look like much and it isn't in the best neighborhood but it serves some solid Jamaican food! There is obviously a lot of regulars that come in here, since the people working there were making their rounds, but I never felt uncomfortable for it being my first time! The waitress was very nice but it seemed like everything was moving on island time.
The buffet is a great deal! For $11 you get a good selection of hot food (about 8 things) and then they have coleslaw and fresh fruit. My favorite things on the hot items were festivals (Jamaican fried cornbread bites pretty much), their curry chicken, and this other chicken dish that was a little sweet! They also had some bbq chicken, fried fish, mac and cheese, and cabbage. I left happily stuffed and vowing that I need to return asap! 
A tip about parking: they have a little parking lot but it was very busy around lunch time. I easily found parking on the side street next to Boswells (not on Tulane  ave). 
Food -- 4.5 stars
Price -- 5 stars (lunch buffet for $11!!!)
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 3 starsThis is the definition of spectacular Jamaican food. The entrees taste like island dreams and spicy deliciousness. I love ordering here via Postmates for easy convenience and I never had an issue. It is affordable, speedy service, and I literally have no complaints here. The restaurant has bright colors that remind you of beautiful Jamaican, and I will always come here.Went there for dinner on a friday night. Hole in the wall place. Ambiance inside was a bit sketchy(we were the only people, maybe two others at the bar) but the food was amazing. My friend and i ordered the jerk chicken dinner(comes with two sides and plantains). 
Jerk chicken with the sauce: on the spicier side but phenomenal! 
I got rice w/ peas and the calloley medley(greens) which were pretty good. The plantains were amazing as well. 
My friend ordered the mac and cheese and said that it was really good too! 
We also got the jamaican ginger beer, i would definitely recommend it!Overrated, not authentic.. honestly mediocre. I had the oxtails & if you ever had AUTHENTIC oxtails you will absolutely be disappointed in this. Will not be back.Ohhh my goodness the flavor In this food is absolutely amazing. From the jerk chicken to curry chicken your taste buds will defiantly be thanking you !absolutely delicious. i'm visiting NOLA from NYC. my jamaican boyfriend has shown me the finer things in life by bringing me home and letting me try his mommas food. I have high expectations for any dish after trying hers! my brother that lives here has never had jamaican food before. I knew I had to find the right place for lunch today. Boswell's is conveniently located with a parking lot. please be kind and patient, there is one nice lady packing up the food, taking orders, and running the cashier. understand things are different now and u have to have a little more patience with food especially take out. I ordered the oxtail with broad beans, the jerk chicken and pork combo, a jerk chicken po boy, a spicy beef with coco bread, and we had rice and peas, plantains, mac and cheese, and vegetables as a side. wow wow wow I could not be any more happy with my order. big big portions with a lot of gravy and the mac and cheese is baked. the plantains and patty's are TO DIE FOR !!!! we are absolutely going back. thank u so much for quick, cheap, and delicious food for lunch today. my brother is now a big fan of the cuisine.I have heard about Boswells for a while and even someone from the Caribbean had suggested I go here so I was in the neighborhood and decided to check it out.  Overall, good food with good flavor and seasoning
I got the jerk chicken, plantains, the ital plate and the veggie patty.  The plantains were some of the best I've ever had anywhere in the city; the pie had a nice crust and good flavorful filling; i was told the jerk chicken was ok but better with the spicy sauce; and for the ital plate the spinach and cabbage were really good but the rice was not
Overall good and flavorful Caribbean foodAuthentic Jamaican.  They even have a picture of Sintra Arunte on the wall.
Meat patty was great.  They were out of cocoa bread.  The the goat roti was really good.  Lot of bones in it but that may be normal; It was my first time having it.The oxtails here were great. I would have loved a bit more jerky sauce for my chicken but I think this is something that can be fixed so I'm not subtracting any stars. The owner was a very nice. She asks that people call their orders in before hand and only come inside for pickup. We were unaware of this before we arrived, but she accommodated us and took our order in person anyway and we just waited outside until the order was prepared to exercise good social distancing practices.AMAZING. Best Jamaican food in the city! Best to call your food in and pick up. I always enjoy oxtails with broad beans, peas and rice and plantains. Get a special soda for the full experience. The steamed fish is also 10/10. I've been going here for years.The restaurant looks shabby (dirty) when you walk inside.If you are Jamaican then this is not the place you want to go and get "good" Yard bikkles. Sub standard, curry is light no spice. Chicken is dry dry.... the wait is too too long. It took 30 mins to get curry chickenThe food was delicious.the oxtails were were seasoned and tender. My friend ordered the Jerk Chicken. It was delicious. That will be my next entrée. Thé plates are served with choice of one of 3 different rice, plusand a side of macaroni and yummy Mac and cheese.I will return to try the buffet soon.I got the veggie stirfry plate which has tons of onions and peppers just FYI. It was good if you like onions and peppers. I was sad that I only got to plantains. The rice and peas were pretty delicious. I think I'll go with the I-tal plate next time. Seems like a good spot and they were super nice. I think it's carry out only right now because of Covid.Great food I love the oxtails and the Jamaican meat and veggie pies.  Plantains were amazing as wellThe food and the service was just OK! No sense of urgency from the staff and the food temperature was warm.