We were visiting friends in New Orleans and they had been wanting to try this place. We were really excited after checking out the menu and reading the reviews. Wow, did we end up disappointed. 
I'll started with the good:
The food is good. It's interesting, unique and tasty. My blue cheese gnocchi was unlike anything I've ever had before. The mussels and the greens were also yummy.
The bad:
We were seated at 8:30 for an 8pm reservation. What's the point of taking reservations if you can't honor them?
We were starving when sat down, and still very excited. But then things got worse. The service was slooooooowwwwww. The server paid us little attention, took forever to get our orders and drinks, and there was teeny tiny dribble of food coming out of the kitchen for the entire restaurant. 
At 9:45, we'd had one round of drinks and appetizers served to us. Yeah, I don't think that's acceptable. It was after 10pm when we got our main dishes.
The portions on half of our dishes was SMALL for what we paid. Two in our party were still HUNGRY after leaving the restaurant. If I pay $30-$35 per person for dinner, I shouldn't still be hungry.
There was never one word of acknowledgement about the slow pace of food service, or any effort to provide some kind of complimentary dish while we waited. That's distasteful, to say the least.
I was bummed because this was our one "fancier" night out while we were in town. Maybe it's better during the week, but was not worth going to on the weekend.The service was great, the drinks were nice and strong, the food was delicious, and the krispy kreme bread pudding was to die for!  We went on a Thursday afternoon for lunch and the servers were so attentive and wonderful.  We had the brisket which was so yummy and came with fabulous parmesan fries.  We also had the roast beef po'boy which was moist and juicy and so so good.  We did ask for some extra horseradish sauce to go with it (which they provided right away).  We will definitely be coming back!Boucherie
8115 Jeannette St, 
New Orleans, LA 70118
http://goo.gl/maps/lbXUH
Boucherie is a small place hidden on Jeanette St in the uptown/Carrolton district. We met friends there and had cocktails and dinner last night. The service was knowledgeable, quick and always kept our glasses full.  The sazerac served was just average and didn't have that "wow I've forgotten how good these are" NOLA pop to them. The food was brought quickly but wasn't up to the high standards of cuisine in this area. The French bread served was like something I used to get at the grocery store in a plastic bag.
Our group had a great time and it was good to see friends was as usual but the food was really only average.  I would rate at only two stars. 
Urban CowgillPretty good, but not amazing. We went for lunch after hearing good things. It is a hike from the touristy areas, to be sure. If the St. Charles streetcar is running all the way out, then not as big a deal, but the entire end of the line near this place was under construction and not operating when we went.
Some dishes - like the duck confit - grew on me, but were still a bit short of being fully conceptualized. Warm cantaloupe and nearly burnt skin? It kind of worked. Roast beef po'boy was succulent. Loved our amuse-bouche and wanted a whole bowl of this cold soup. Speaking of cold, service was a bit tepid, but adequate. Desserts seemed basic. Cocktails were adequate, too.
My dining companion enjoyed this much more than I did. Perhaps I am jaded, but I'd say if you can get into Cochon, go there first.This place is absolutely outstanding. I love a chef that can provide 5 star food at a 3 star price. And that, my friend, is exactly what I think of when I think of Boucherie. My favorite dish here would have to bee the slow roasted pork with pickled cabbage. There are just those restaurants you dine at and you know, as soon as you take your first bite, you will remember the establishment. Boucherie still to this day, in my opinion, is one of the best resturants in the city. Chef Nathanie Zimet really has the magic down pack. The fact that he started from humble beginnings (he started in a food truck) is also a great testament. Check this place out. Oh, and by the way, make sure you get the boudin balls with the garlic aioli. You'll thank me later.Such a cute place! A waiter from Sylvain recommended us this place. We went there for light dinner while visited in NO.
This restaurant is inside a house in a middle of cute NO neighborhood which is really cool.
Their specialty drinks were really tasty and the main course was REALLY good  (we ordered the scallops), but the highlight was the dessert: 
Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie - divine!! I scarped the plate and asked for more. 
Cannot wait to visit there again.We came around noon on a Friday, wasn't very busy so we were seated right away. They brought us a complimentary sample of a tomato basil bisque, it was okay. We got the 12 hour roasted Waguy Beef Po'boy and the Pineapple Carnitas and Smoked Pork Loin sandwich. Both were amazing and full of flavor! However, the main reason we went was to try the Krispy Kreme bread pudding! Oh. My. Goodness. Whoever came up with that idea, I just want to thank them! Seriously though if you go there, you need to try it. I'm not even a big Krispy Kreme fan, but that was awesome!Cute place right along the St. Charles streetcar route. Ambiance was great, staff was friendly and - 3 words - pimento cheese grits! Worth a jump off the line for Sunday brunch.The duck confit & boudin balls were great appetizers.  They made their sazeracs the RIGHT way, and the entries we had (brisket for me & grilled scallops for the wifey) were quite good too!  We had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding & chocolate chiffon cake desserts, which get the nod from us too!Best place in NOLA so far on my extended 4 weeks. I have loved many but this was the best!  Thanks to cousin Gavo for introducing us and nothing but Kudos to Margo who gave us incredible service (and who ordered my entire experience from cocktails to dessert). James and Nate...be proud of what you have created!
I started my evening w my first ever Sazerac which was perfect for the New Orleans experience. Blackened Shrimp appetizer and Speckled Trout was both absolutely delicious. We had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding which was fantastic but was only the 2nd best in NOLA. Cafe reconcile had the best Bread Pudding.  
Can't wait to come back!!!Stopped into Boucherie after a long-ass flight from New York - based on a recommendation from a friend. Let's put it this way: we're now best friends.
I made a meal out of the Boudin Balls and the Pulled Pork Cake with Potato Confit. Both were outstanding. Also, because it's acceptable to drink at lunch, I had their signature Bloody Mary and it was amazing! Perfect level of spicy without the bitter aftertaste that Tabasco leaves in my mouth. (I'm not a fan of Tabasco...)
*Warning: make sure that you save room for dessert! The Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding was one of the best desserts that I've ever had. Like, I'll never be able to eat another doughnut without thinking of the sweet, buttery taste of New Orleans in my mouth.Shrimp n Grits were what I wanted. 
Brisket and fries...good, but salty. Quite heavy.
Should have ordered the Bass and squash!The best food and service in New Orleans. I was happy to explore outside of French Quarters during my trip otherwise I would have not found this place. I had the pulled pork po'boy as well as the shrimp po'boy both of which were amazing. 
Next time I am down in New Orleans, I will have to go back.A very unassuming little restaurant located right off of Carrollton Ave. I have to admit I had my doubts about the place as I approached it from the exterior. The restaurant is located in a small converted house essentially. The interior is actually much nicer than the outside would have you believe.
The meal began with a small amuse of cauliflower soup. The soup was quite tasty though it had a very strong smell that definitely stayed with you afterwards. The menu is extremely varied and the prices are very reasonable. I had the Smoked Beef Brisket with Parmesan Fries. The brisket was extremely moist and tender and came drenched in a very tangy sauce. The brisket came with a huge portion of fries that were really great. The fries were perfectly crispy and very flavorful. For dessert I had what was essentially a blueberry pie with ice cream. It was fairly underwhelming though the ice cream had a nice flavor to it.
Overall it was a very favorable dining experience. The ambiance is not great, but I feel the food makes up for it. For me, the price is the main selling point. Great for a nice casual dinner.Shrimp and grit cakes were just the amount of spicy and flavorful. The caipirinha was very good (I got two and I'm not a big drinker). And the service was great!
My dad loved the duck confit and my mom got the special eggplant po boy, which she also liked. They both rave about the Krispy Kreme bread pudding, but I didn't have room to try it.I took a trip out to Boucherie this Saturday for lunch. It was a nice day and so we sat outside on the front porch.We started a trend, because soon it was full of patrons. I don't know if the severs were all that "pleased" that we decided to eat out there, but after some initial grumbles, they were very courteous and provided excellent service through the meal. This was just a great meal in New Orleans; actually, after hundreds of meals in New Orleans, this was in the top ten easy. I think it may be the best lunch, if not close behind Commander's. We started with an amuse bouche of potato and leek soup. Wait, did you say an amuse bouche at lunch? Yes, me in my jeans and sweater at a laid back Saturday lunch had an amuse bouche. What a great little surprise! Great start to a great meal. They have a wonderful selection of cocktails, wine, and beer. They had NOLA Irish Channel Stout on tap. Be still my heart. For starters we had the fries with parmesan and the shrimp with the gritcake. Just delicious. The fries are cooked in duck fat and were covered in shaved parmesan; good but maybe the biggest let down of the meal. I just wanted a little more taste of parmesan. I also had the 12hr roast beef with this delicious horseradish creme. My friend had the BBQ shrimp poboy and the sauce I tasted was very tangy and had a wonderful spice at the end. We had some extremely pleasant conversations with some tourists and gave our recommendations on how to enjoy our wonderful city. 
Lunch was just spectacular. Everything was just so tasty and a real attention to detail was made in our food preparation.The cost of the meal was well worth it. The prices are extremely reasonable. I will be back for dinner and hopefully soon.You know how when you're out to dinner and chatting it up and drinking your wine and the food comes and you're still yapping and then you take that first bite of food and everything just ceases... you pause and revel in the moment. You forget what the conversation was about. You forget you were even talking. And you allow all the luscious flavors to swim laps over your taste buds. it's glorious! You feel triumphant! Like you picked the best dish off the menu! 
Well, Boucherie was not that. At least not for me. 
I dined here for dinner on a double date last Friday night and I was pretty excited since so many yelpers gave it such rave reviews. While I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't super impressed either. Don't get me wrong, I truly enjoyed my experience, the food was excellent (but not knock your socks off) and I will undoubtedly recommend it to others. 
It's a pretty small house-converted-to-restaurant. The tables are a bit close together and you end up knocking chairs with other diners. Lighting is too bright for it to be romantic. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and attentive and we even had the owner stop by to help us pick out a bottle of wine. Oh and the corking fee is only $5! This alone will ensure that I return for another meal!
The small plates are all under $10 and the large plates are $15. I can't think of another nice dining establishment that can match these prices. Overall, this is the best bang for your buck type restaurant.Every visit to the Big Easy brings a new taste - a new treasure! This one is a MUST for visitor and local alike.  I was warned earlier in the day that this would be our dinner spot for the night and they hype was well worth it.  
Our reservations were for 5:30 (my friend was told that was all there was), so I was little nervous as we were running a few minutes late after the St Paddy's Day Parade. We parked and hurried in to find a nearly empty place, which was later to our good fortune.  It seems everyone was late this day, as in 30 minutes, the small, quaint locale was bursting at the seams (as we would be shortly as well).
My friend David brought me here and gave me some menu advice.  Everything sounded amazing, and I ended up with the Brisket and Garlic Fries, while David took on the Tilapia and beets.  I considered this but I am not a beet guy and was craving some real meat!  We also started with the special: Salmon Tar Tar which was amazing (of course, to be fair, I am not sure I have ever had Salmon I did not like). David forced me to try the beets (which were MUCH better than I expected, but still a little over the top for me) and of course, he helped himself to my tasty garlic fries until they were gone.
I still have never had a Sazerac (David and others have promised) so I thought that this would be my chance.  However, I caught a glimpse of the Dark and Stormy and my Puerto Rican roots called out for the rum!  "A stiff drink" would be an understatement.  Both of our cocktails were "loaded," which was fine by us and is always appreciated!  
After the plates were "licked clean" (no really - licked clean), we were asked about desert (David's favorite part).  This was a no-brainer.  David laid down the law: Thai Chili Chocolate and Krispy Kreme breading pudding (yup - that is two deserts)!  Both were amazing and we tore through both rather quickly.  I wanted to ask for another to go, but why embarrass myself here when the French Quarter awaited!  
I knocked off a full star for service.  I realize the entire place filled up in less than 30 minutes and that makes service difficult, but even a check in with us now and then would have been nice.  If I could go with 4.5 stars, that would be better.  I still highly recommend it and I am probably sure if it was not a crazy St Paddy's night things would probably have gone a bit quicker and smoother.Finally dined at this top 10 NOLA restaurant recently. It did not disappoint! I'm a picky eater and love when places do it right. Boucherie does it right! The prices are incredible when you think about what you're getting. Fine dining that the people can afford. The three entrees were Wagyu beef, duck, and amberjack. All were good, but in order, the Wagyu beef was incredible, the duck was great, and the amberjack was quite good. 
Note: get an appetizer or two. The entrees aren't overly large. We all got full w/o apps, but I would opt for them next time. 
One of the best restaurants in town in this reviewer's opinion.Stumbled on this place while looking for somewhere to eat on Bourbon St.  Great waiter who made excellent recommendations & was very attentive. Nothing fancy just a couple of very good sandwiches at a pretty reasonable price.Hands down the BEST restaurant in Uptown/Carrolton area. Really neat "house" setting with white tablecloths. This is Exactly what a fine dining experience should look and feel like in the Big Easy. Try the Boudin balls.... UNBELIEVABLE. 
Also, they had some of the most patient waiters I've ever experienced dining out. I was with three yankees with borderline embarrassing behavior and he handled it like a champion. 
Southern class meets southern comfort food.Probably our favorite meal in New Orleans, and well worth a detour to eat here if you're visiting.
We had lemongrass pho with pickled bean sprouts, collard greens, grits fries with Louisiana hot sauce, duck confit with lime salsa mozzarella and chilaquiles, scallop sausage with kimchi and sweet potatoes and old fashioned lemon pudding with fresh cream and strawberries.
Everything was truly excellent. Even the collard greens and grits fries which sounded very simple were loaded with flavor.
As a plus, they also make great cocktails!I was in town for a convention and was lucky enough to have dinner at Boucherie, so I'm not a local nor have I eaten there more than once. All that being said, for me this is a flawless restaurant. It is quite small, taking up the front rooms of a small house in the Carrolton Historic district. The tables are close together and a single waitress works all of them. The menu doesn't really tell you what you are going to encounter here: there is a passion in the food that is absolutely unmistakeable. Everything we had was absolutely delicious and perfectly presented. The wait staff was flawless. The flavors were superb. The give you an example of the exquisite dining here I'll just mention the two desserts we had: I had the Krispi Kreme bread pudding, which is, almost certainly the finest bread pudding you could ever experience. A thin eggy, bready base is topped with broken, crispy pieces of Krispi Kreme donuts and topped with a rum sauce. My companion had a flourless chocolate pie with Thai chili, which was served warm topped with a dollop of whipped cream. All you need to know about this restaurant is that the desserts, like everything else, come from the talent of the owner-chef. I've eaten in fine restaurants across America, and this ranks with my all time top experiences. It is totally New Orleans and totally wonderful. On top of everything, the prices are so reasonable.Great food, good service, love the decor.  If you can't get a reservation go right when it opens and they keep a table or two for walk-ins.  You can also sit at the bar if you strike out on a table.The fellow reviewers on Yelp influenced our choice of this restaurant. Please accept a hail and hearty THANK YOU!!  It's a small, cozy restaurant that we found to be very romantic.
I had the pulled pork cake and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. What an indulgence, worth every calorie, I might add. We rode the streetcar and enjoyed the entire experience.
A nearby table included a young boy, about 10 years old, who was very well-behaved. I'd say it's a good place for children, although an unhappy child could change the entire atmosphere.
The food was wonderful and we felt as though we were experiencing something very special. We loved it.Boucherie was our wedding caterer and they did not disappoint! Not only are we still hearing our guests rave about the food at our wedding, but this place was a dream to work with. Abigail was the most helpful, amazing, professional person! We gave her our budget, and she took it from there. They never told us no, but everything was still able to work within our budget! We got married at Race and Religious, so we were thankful to hear that they had worked events there before and knew about its unique layout. Abigail was able to help me a lot with the layout because of this. I think she did more than my actual wedding planner did for my wedding!! The service was amazing and added to our memories of the night....Aspen, I don't think my mom will ever forget you! They handled the bar, our rentals for the food and drinks, and also got us an oyster shucker. It was perfect in every aspect! I wouldn't hesitate for a second to hiring them for an event!A foody's paradise, must try, creative, delicious experience that keeps you coming back time and time again. 
Love the cozy atmosphere. The food is fun and always on point. The menu is frequently updated to highlight seasonal items and to allow chef to get creative with some new ideas. Prefect portion sizes with incredible textures and ingredients. The cocktails are hand crafted to perfection.I've dined here a few times--lunch and dinner---and on every occasion it was excellent. The restaurant is a small converted house with fifteen or twenty tables that are always filled. Yet, the waitstaff never seems harried nor the food sloppy or rushed. The crispy duck and shrimp grit cakes are my favorite.You may have to wait as this restaurant is small. I promise, it's worth it. Awesome unique flavorful meals. Anything ordered is worth waiting for. I can't wait to go back, albeit I've been there on three other occasions. Wonderful service, great ambiance (small), great food.......The best restaurant I have been to in New Orleans.  The meat falls off of the bone and the krispy kreme bread pudding was incredible.Disclaimer:  I haven't been to the actual restaurant.  They set up a tent at Lafayette Square during a live performance by Rebirth Brass Band, featuring a limited menu of items that are found at the restaurant itself.
That being said, I really need to get to this place, as the items I sampled were spectacular.  The 12 Hour Roast Beef Po' Boy with pickled onions and horseradish cream... well, the description doesn't disappoint.  The big surprise, however, was the Crispy Creme Bread Pudding.  I'm not a fan of Crispy Cream, but when you use those doughnuts as the base of your bread pudding, magic happens.On a recent trip a girl friend and I ate here. I was really looking forward to it and I am so glad we went! Remember when you read these reviews: all of their entrees are under $20. 
We started with a few cocktails - both great. Had the Pimm's Cup and the Sophia Loren.
Then the Boudin Balls (pretty good but wasn't blown away) and a wagyu beef special served medium rare were Bearnaise and crispy potatoes. It was amazing. 
I had the Wagyu brisket with the parmesan fries - it was really great, everything I hoped for.
My friend had the Applewood Smoked Scallops and she wasn't a fan. She didn't realize they would have something spicy on top of them. Honestly I wasn't blown away by this dish either, from what I tasted. 
We ordered desert too and it was delicious but not what I expected. We ordered a chocolate ganache terrine and it was so hard (because it was cold) that the waitress had to bring us a knife. The cookie it was served with was bland.
Would recommend and I would go again. Service was excellent. Nice atmosphere.Four of us had 8:30 reservations on a Saturday night. We were seated in a baquette and ordered drinks. We could not hear our waiter because the noise level in the restaurant was outrageous and physically painful. We could not have any conversation amongst ourselves. There were several large tables that were very loud. We finally asked to be seated at a table outside on the street. The appetizers and entrees were delicious and the desserts were amazing. However, the restaurant needs to recognize this huge problem. This dinner had been planned for a few weeks and several of us had never been to New Orleans and this dining experience was upsetting. Other diners were also complaining about the noise level.Such a weird eating experience. Not at all what we expected, especially given Boucherie's reputation and glowing reviews. We expected traditional New Orleans cooking, given that the word "Boucherie" describes a Cajun meat tradition. But we were instead met with several weird molecular gastronomy-type plates.
 The first dish we ordered was a small plate special described as "wild salmon with fried scallop chips and something I can't remember" and gave no indication that it would be 100% raw sashimi salmon. Our waitress didn't mention this either. It came with beet horseradish, a tiny bagel-type thing, a ball of unidentified foam, and whatever "scallop chips" are (not the seafood). 
We then ordered another small plate (baked apple en croute & pimienton sausage w/ whipped English cheddar) and a "large plate" (applewood smoked scallops w/ oat & persimmon crepe, nori glazed pumpkin, & persimmon kosho). No huge complaints about the scallops in terms of flavor, but the plate was TINY- 3 scallops. Same size as the small plates, but more expensive. The small plate was not "apple en croute" because there was no apple to be found...except for in the weird cubes of apple gelatin that came on the side. The sausage was ground up and had a very weird taste, especially with the cheese on the side. 
We finished with the Krispy Kreme bread pudding as this is the signature dessert, and it was the only thing we were impressed by. It was also more substantial than anything else we ordered. 
Overall, this meal left us very unsatisfied and confused, and our wallets sad. Trying to save others from the experience we had here. The whole time I was thinking about the delicious and cheap food at Lebanon's Cafe next door and how I wished I was eating there. It's extremely rare to walk out of a restaurant in New Orleans feeling completely unimpressed, but Boucherie somehow managed to do it.Ahh Boucherie, amazing cocktails, small plates were wonderful. Didn't like the fries everyone flips out over. Do yourself a favor & get the collard greens,they're made of magic & fairy dust. Seriously, the most amazing greens I've ever encountered. Krispy Kream bread pudding was way over the top. Thai chili chocolate chess cake gave me the "O face." service was total class.Having had two great dinners here before I was very disappointed with the lunch we had today.
Service was great, as usual, but the Bloody Mary was the worse I've ever had and the pork belly Rueben was small, greasy and nothing special.  The arugula, bacon, tomato and "circulated" poach egg dish was fine but nothing to crow about. All in all a blah lunch experience.Awesome place and excellent service. The food and drinks were outstanding. We had the Waygu Smoked Brisket and the chefs special of the day snapper beignets. Prices are reasonable. Recommend reservations.Boucherie has edged its way into my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. I've had several birthday, anniversary, special occasion dinners here and have never been disappointed! My favorite items on the menu include the Steamed Mussels with Collard Greens & Crispy Grit Crackers - cooked to perfection every single time, in the most amazing broth with bangin-ass collard greens and little fried grit "scoopers"..better than anything ya momma's makes! And the Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie - I can't even explain how your taste buds will tingle..just do it! It's great to go with a group, order a bunch of small plates and apps and leave full, satisfied and giddy from having participated in a full-on flavor orgy with your friends. I won't even get started on their cocktail menu and respectable wine list, because that's where my heart lives and we both have other things to do today. Go - you'll be happy you did!I called Boucherie a couple of weeks ago to see if they would be able to make a vegan entree for my wife, if we were to make a reservation. The hostess said that they could, so I made a dinner reservation for the following week for when my mom would be in town.
We ended up eating dinner at Boucherie last Friday, and it was fantastic. For appetizers, my mom and I split the arugula salad and the blackened shrimp and grit cake. For our main course, my wife had an entree with Israeli couscous and vegetables from off the menu that the chef prepared, I had the smoked waygu beef brisket with fries, and my mom had the applewood smoked scallops. For dessert, my mom and I split the krispy kreme bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream.
Everyone really enjoyed their food, and had a great experience. The shrimp from the shrimp and grit cake had a great seasoning, the beef brisket was very tender, and the bread pudding was off the charts good.
The service was great, and having chosen to sit outside, the atmosphere along Carroltlon was also. I would recommend Boucherie to anyone looking for a great meal in New Orleans. They are very accommodating, and serve great food across the menu.Finally get to cross this place of my list! You must make reservations in advance as this place fills up quickly since it's pretty much a small house. Ambiance and service is great. Went with three friends and we ate everything we ordered. No matter what, definitively get their french fries from the appetizer menu. Possibly the BEST fries in the city. Garlicky parmasean perfection. They have this amazing vinaigrette for the fries. I would go back for just that...I almost stole the bottle. They usually have great specials. Their beef brisket was excellent (which came with more french fries, another reason to get it!). Boudin balls and shrimp appetizers were also amazing.Boo! How to review a restaurant that makes your table wait for an entire hour before sporadically trickling out random lukewarm courses and repeatedly placing them in front of the wrong diner?  One star for the decent but clumsily presented food. And that's it. The service is a disaster. And it seems they all know this. The customer facing staff look dismayed as they do not apologize and instead argue with you, insisting you ordered something you know that you didn't. Communication from waitstaff to kitchen seems to be on full breakdown. While diners are still waiting for hot desserts to be served cold, the staff are pouring themselves beers and congregating at the back bar with their pals. Management appears only when summoned to table after table to back pedal. Too little way too late. In a city full of awesome food and even better service, not sure how this place will ever survive. I wish I'd read the reviews before we wasted an evening here. Beware!We tried to make reservation for the same day but was told dinner was full.  It was recommended that we come for an early dinner and we could possibly grab seats at the bar since its just the two of us.  So we followed the recommendation and found seats at the bar.  The staff are friendly and super nice.  Our bartender was a charming and friendly young gentleman.  He helped us with the menu and offered some other helpful recommendations.  The ambience is warm, cozy, casual and somewhat classy-it's a nice place for a dinner date.              
Beef brisket with garlic parmesan fries: The meat was tender.  The fries were absolutely delicious and addicting.  
Bread pudding: was very sweet and rich but still pretty good.A nice quaint place ! A mixologist on site made fancy cocktails. Wine selection was a little limited on well known wines but we were pointed in the right direction. Oyster app and duck con fit were fabulous. Along with the scallops, halibut, and brisket were amazing!!  Save room for desert because the Krispy Kreme bread pudding is a must!!New Orleans classic dishes at their most elegant! My boyfriend and I were wowed by every dish we ordered (extra points for the shrimp and grits - and I don't even like shrimp)! Don't even think about it, just do yourself a favor and order the Krispy Kreme bread pudding for dessert.
I made reservations for a Saturday night about 2 weeks in advance and we were seated promptly. The place did fill up quickly during the course of our meal, so make reservations or plan on waiting.
A cab ride from the French Quarter was $20 tip included, but we later found out that it was really just an easy $1.25 train car ride from Canal St.A quaint local spot, Boucherie immediately impressed. 
I have eaten here numerous times so I will not go into details about each dish.
Quality service, good drinks and good food.
What more does one require from a dining experience?My sisters and I are in New Orleans visiting family and the 7 of us walked in with no reservations on a Tuesday night at 6pm. We were seated quickly and treated like royalty. Dress code at that hour didn't seem to make a difference. 
Small and large plates were fun to share letting all of us try a few bites of things such as turtle and alligator soup, roasted pork with potatoes fried in duck fat, fried green tomatoes with aoli and veggies, moroccan venison stew topped with falafel and served with greens and a cucumber sauce. I couldn't tell you how much we enjoyed every morsel!
That's not all! We had to try their signature stingless bee martini and cilantro carrot margarita that were both totally unique and daring. 
To finish off our meal we destroyed the krispie Kreme bread pudding and Thai chili chocolate chess pie OhMyGawd!We truly enjoyed this restaurant; The food is incredible, and the service is outstanding! We started out with the boudin balls, which were awesome with the sauce. My husband had the steak, which he said was delicious (he left literally nothing on the plate). I ordered the fried gnocchi dish that was to die for. Be sure to save room for dessert because that bread pudding is the best I've ever had.. and you get a lot, so feel free to share!Really wanted to give this place 4 stars.  I think it will get there, it's got a talented kitchen staff with good potential... but it still needs some work.  
We arrived ten minutes early for our 8:15 Saturday night reservation.  We were seated at 8:45.  So that wasn't great.    Our waitress was very nice, very prompt and lovely.  
We had:  Delish amuse bouche.   Delish grilled romaine salad.    Good duck confit but served with a mismatched salad.   Below-average (and cold) BBQ ribs.
I will try this place on my next trip to NOLA, hopefully they can work out the kinks.  Nonetheless, Boucherie is a good value, despite the inconsistencies.  [One more thing, since we wandered around looking for the restaurant -- FYI the sign outside says "Iris", not "Boucherie."]Sat outside on a lovely afternoon and enjoyed the white tablecloth outdoor seating. Very pleased with the attentiveness and promptness of service (didn't catch our server's name, but he was tall and beardy: many thanks to you, Sir). Boudin balls were the best I've had since my days at the Chimes in BR. I had the jerk seasoned duck breast with garlic kale and cooked (can't remember if they were sautéed or grilled) bananas, while my boyfriend had the Wagyu beef brisket with parmesan fries. My duck was perfectly cooked (medium/med rare) and bf's Wagyu was very tender and flavorful. The kale with the duck was overly salty, as I know is sometimes the downfall of ordering kale because it is so bitter if not well seasoned. Overall, a great meal, awesome wine list, and impeccable service!This place was by far my favorite of all the restaurants I ate at while in New Orleans. Everything from food to service was perfect from start to finish. My boyfriend and I arrived to an empty restaurant around 11:30 am for lunch on a Tuesday, and were immediately greeted and seated by our server who I didn't get the name of but was a delight. We ordered the Duck Confit, Blackened Shrimp and Grit Cake, and the Wagyu Beef Brisket, but were first served a delicious garlic soup amuse-bouche. Each dish only got better with every bite. The duck and beef brisket were so amazingly tender. The blackened shrimp was probably the more uniquely flavored with its house made bacon vinaigrette, and that eaten with the grit cake was a great pairing. Yum. For dessert, we ordered the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding because duh? It was everything I hoped it'd be and more. Just the right amount of sweetness while combining the soft texture of the bread pudding with the crunchier texture of the Krispy Kreme donuts. Too. Good. Even as more guests starting filling the restaurant around more reasonable lunch hours than our 11:30 arrival, service didn't falter. Absolutely loved everything about my meal here. I'd give it 6 stars if I could.For me Boucherie is NOLA. They go hand in hand, and have ever since my  visit during Mardi Gras. 
I recently found my notes on this place and realized it deserved a great review for the warm service, fantastic decor, classy clientele and all the amazing adjectives i scribbled down but can't seem to decipher.
The atmosphere is classy, refined, yet soulful. The trappings of a great restaurant are all here, but then, with permission, you can go in the back and speak with the chef while he's behind the line. If you don't leave the kitchen laughing then you probably weren't speaking with Michael, (one of the great minds behind some of your favorite dishes here).
Honestly, it's just friendlier here than in most restaurants. Boucherie has heart and I pray it never loses that. This warmth lends itself to the ambiance which makes it great for catching up with a friend or an intimate evening out.
As for the food. Their duck, shallots, and Gnocchi are outstanding. Their pomme frites are superb(i love the added kick of Parmesan) and their saucier should be kissed square on the mouth for what he/she does.
Never close guys. Can't wait to see you again soon. When I come to New Orleans, its not worth my time if I can't fit you into my schedule. But due to your popularity i just hope you can fit me into YOUR schedule. 
Eat well my friendsNew Orleans definitely lives up to its reputation as a destination for great food. Boucherie is proof that great food is to be had outside of the French Quarter. If you need a reason to venture out, Boucherie will be worth the trip. Tables are hard to come by so definitely make reservations before you come. We got lucky with a couple of spaces at the bar. 
The Smoked Wagyu Beef Brisket with Garlicky Parmesan Fries was a treat. And we had to try the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding. Surprisingly, it wasn't overloaded with sweetness as I had expected, which was a nice surprise. We had great conversations with the bartender and the couple who sat next to us. Service was excellent!Extremely small portions. Really great flavors. They brought us complimentary corn bread that was the size of my fingernail. It's like a caricature of "fancy restaurants". If the portions were larger then the prices would be acceptable.A million times better than Jacques Imo's!
Artichoke (lunch) and duck po-boy (lunch) were incredible.
Excellent beer selection!
Even if you are full - order the Bread Pudding (Krispy Kreme)!!!So yum.  Don't think twice- just come here.  I had the boudin balls and the blackened shrimp and grit cake to start.  It was so tasty.  Absolutely perfect.  And then had the brisket and garlic fries.  Again-- perfect.
I usually don't order desert, but since I was sharing with a friend, we ordered to chocolate chess pie.  Again, that's something I wouldn't usually go for, but it was amazing.  I really wanted to order another piece!From food truck to casual dining perfection.
Admittedly, I had been looking forward to eating at Boucherie for over a week after reading The New York Times "36 hours in New Orleans" to plan our upcoming NOLA vacay.  You had me at "Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding"  Our experience definitely did not disappoint.
Ambiance: both indoor and outdoor seating. Small opening dining space that is loud and bustling and reminiscent of a busy street market. The decor is simple and industrial, and lends to just highlight the food. Love. 
Service: friendly and inviting. As a nice personal touch, the chef sent over a roasted red pepper squash cold soup to taste. I'll take free small bites of your culinary genius over warm bread any day!
Drink: full bar available. 
Food:
Boudin balls - sausage filled with dirty rice and deep fried with a garlic aioli.  O.M.G. Yum. 
Wagyu beef po boy - yes please. Can I have more?? Delicious shredded and juicy beef dressed with creamy horseradish and these perfectly pickled red onions. Holy hell this was delicious. 
Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding - the name says it all. An homage to the chef's North Carolina roots. Crispy top and buttery pudding. Yes. Dessert stomach satisfied. 
Would definitely come back for a relaxed dinner or lunch.I went to college at Tulane, but apparently Boucherie opened just as I was leaving. I heard about it on a return visit, and upon finding out that the folks responsible were the very same behind the glorious PURPLE TRUCK - I had to go.
The restaurant is small, but when we showed up sans reservation we were able to sit almost right away on the porch and watch the streetcars go by on their way to the garage! The cocktails and food were great- more interesting and just as tasty as the majority of what you find in the quarter, without kitsch or a high price tag.
In a city of unbelievable restaurants, most of which I've made a point to go to, Boucherie has become one my top recommendations for friends who are visiting NOLA.This is NOT an exaggeration: 
My husband and I were pissed. So upset that we had to ever eat anything after this, pissed that we ever ate anything before this. My husband said that the food there made him feel like he had been wasting his life. 
Boucherie is an religious experience. Mind you, I have never been saved, but if heaven on Earth exists, this has gotta be the place. 
My husband and I came here on our honeymoon. We did get a little spoiled that night, because Mike the bartender, is a friend of a friend, he made us a sazerac and some other delicious inebriating whiskey cocktail. 
We started with boudin balls, shrimp with grit cake, and then we received bonus collard greens from Mike. At first we were like "collard greens?" and then we took a bite, "collllaaard greeens" Oh My GOD. All three appetizers were amazing. The boudin balls can not be described any other way than orgasmic. 
We finished our appetizers, saddened to see them gone, and half way through our drinks, (which are all doubles there by the way), and man, we were feeling good. Our entrees came out, my husband ordered the brisket with parmesean fries, and I had the duck con fit. It could've been the drinks, but when I took my first bite of duck, I felt a little emotional. Seriously, THAT good. 
Of course, we had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding for dessert; and how in the world can you go wrong with that? You can't. 
Make a reservation, and getchusum.
Thank you Boucherie!!!!Pros: Great food for the price (everything is $15 and under). Original cocktails as well as the classic mixed drinks. Service is good and presentation is well executed. Seasonal menu. BYOB for a small corking fee. 
Cons: Small dining space. Reservations not always honored promptly. Street parking. 
Essential Dishes: Boudin Balls, Pulled Pork, Collard greens, Scallops, Duck, Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding
Other: Reservations highly recommended.
See my complete review here: http://fleurdelicious-nola.com/?p=721This is my go to place when I want a nice meal with my significant other, with three courses including alcohol, without breaking triple digits. EVERY SINGLE TIME I get the bill, I am blown away at how inexpensive it is. 
The food is gourmet and perfect of those who want NOLA style food at its finest. Leaves you full without being overly so. Definitely order dessert, you won't regret it. 
The setting is very intimate and seating is limited so I definitely recommend getting reservations in advance. 
The only main con I can think of is that it does sometimes get a little loud in there so beware of that.Wonderful every time!  The drinks are tasty, the food is awesome and the service is just fine.  The stand out for me was the duck confit, mussels and collards with grit fries small plates.  The desserts were also wonderful!  The one thing I noticed was that there was not a big difference between the sizes of the small and large plates.We were visiting NOLA for a weekend and spend our last evening dining at boucherie. The location is super nice, they put a lot of love in the ambience. Service was great. Food was awesome. It was worth every cent. We shared the small plates as appetizers and had mussels, duck confit, blackened shrimp and boudin balls with garlic aioli. Especially the mussels were amazing. I know that a lot of reviews complained they left hungry so please note that the small plates are appetizers. Entrees were duck breast, beef brisket and the cobia. We shared the apple crumble as dessert. We were all very happy and satisfied. Would definitely recommend this place.I'm sad to report that Boucherie was just "a-ok" for me.  I had high hopes because of all of the rave reviews.  When we arrived on time for our reservation, we were left standing at the door for a good 7 minutes before anyone acknowledged our arrival.  There was a mixup with our reservation so we ended up going to a bar down the street while a table freed up.  We weren't very happy at the fact that we were seated outside on the porch in 20 degree weather but the outdoor heaters surprisingly kept us warm enough.  We ordered the ribs, scallops, boudin balls and the bread pudding.  My sister said that the way that they served the scallops the night we were there were different than the way she had it before.  While nothing tasted bad, nothing really stood out besides the boudin balls, which were pretty amazing.  Other than that, nothing to write home about.Fantastic dinner!  Boucherie is well worth the taxi ride out of the French Quarter area.  Great value for a great dining experience.  The Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding is a unique dish, very sugary sweet but hard to stop eating.  I had the warm boudin starter and the pulled pork dish, both were stellar.Had lunch at Boucherie on the patio because the BFF felt claustrophobic inside since it was pretty small. We were able to enjoy a nice, quiet, and intimate meal with the fairly warm, sweater weather. 
Had the lemongrass chicken wings that came with 6 and it was offered on the menu of the day. The sauce for this was absolutely amazing! It tasted like an Asian sauce with a bit of kimchi, lemongrass and I think it looked like there was sweet chili sauce in it as well. We saved the extra sauce to use for dipping the Parmesan garlic fries. 
I ordered the Crispy Skin Duck Confit. It was great. Tasted like chicken but much more tender. 
The BFF ordered the Pineapple Carnitas & Smoked Pork Loin Sandwich. It was really good. I'm not into sandwiches but this was yummy. 
We also ordered the Krispy Kreme bread pudding that was to die for! In a category of bread pudding all by itself, this rich dessert will satisfy your sweet tooth craving. It had different textures. The pudding was nice and soft and there were layers of Krispy Kreme donuts on top and it was crispy! It had sauce drizzled on top. It was incredible! I would come here just to order that and that would make me happy.
The downside was the portions were small. Pretty pricey for small portions but packed with lots of flavor. But I won't deduct stars or points for that because I wasn't overly stuffed nor was I still hungry leaving. This place was definitely worth visiting! Service was great. Compliments to the chef!Boucherie reigns supreme as my #1 favorite, classy, restaurant in New Orleans. I have been here several times and the combination of price and quality just can't be beat. It is an intimate setting so reservations (probably several weeks ahead) are an absolute must. From the boudin balls to the pork belly, pulled pork to duck everything I have had here has been mouthwatering and I could eat over and over again. The varying amuse bouches before the meal are also a lovely touch. I love restaurants where you order a variety of things, eat everything on the plate, and don't feel overly stuffed at the end and this is exactly what happens at Boucherie. I have also sampled several of their deserts and while they have been delish I do think the portion sizes on these were a bit out of step with the rest of the meal. Also the service has always been top notch.
Love, love, love Boucherie and am thrilled to be able to eat there as often as possible.Just had the most amazing lunch! Everything was excellent and our waiter John Henry was so kind and helpful! OBVIOUSLY the bread pudding is TO DIE FOR!!!!!!!!!!! they topped it with blueberry ice cream for us! Thanks y'all!Fine dinning for less. Great food. Love the duck. Great for dates. Get a reservation.
Ohhhh and BoB!I really enjoyed EVERYTHING I got to eat here! The boudin balls were my favorite I have to say. It's like the perfect bite of all the flavors you want to try while visiting New Orleans, not to mention the amazing bread pudding! The service was great, and I also did not feel too much like a tourist here. Definitely coming back on my next visit!!Really, really good food. We had a lunch there on a late saturday afternoon. It's a small place sort of hidden from the main drag (and quite a ways from the touristy parts of town). The service was friendly and attentive. 
So, now the food, 
- Free appetizers : Parsnip and pumpkin soup. Yum
- Barbecue shrimp po'boy :One of the best sandwiches I have had in a long long time. The sauce is not your usual barbecue sauce. It's this yummy, tangy sauce that your tongue is going to miss for days.
- Roast beef po'boy : Yummy. Slow roasted beef (12 hours), horceradish cream and pickled onion. Need I say more?
They have a small but good selection of beers as well. Including my old favorite, fuller's porter.Everything was incredibly tasty here, I'm so glad the cab recommended this local hangout. The cocktails - Sofia Loren with Russian vodka was tiny but a powerful drink. The garlic, Parmesan fries were addicting. The wagyu steak was cooked perfectly and very tender. I had to take a star away since it took a long time for us to get our food. But it was the most flavorful food I tasted in NOLA and will revisit next time I'm there! Enjoy and reservations are recommended since it's not a big place.I just returned from a girls weekend trip to New Orleans and Boucherie was our BEST meal down there.  
Boucherie is quaint and so adorable...only 10 tables!  We were promptly seated and greeted by our server.  He was very knowledgeable and really seemed to take pride in his job.  He said, "we know we have a lot of competition in New Orleans, so we're honored you chose to dine here."  So refreshing!  
Our group of 5 ended up ordering a few small plates to share and then each got our own large plate.  Everything was wonderful.  The boudin balls, shrimp, duck confit were all amazing.  For my main course I got the brisket which was melt in your mouth.  
The wine selection was also great.  We ended up getting a Greek rose and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I will recommend Boucherie to anyone I know making a trip to New Orleans.There's enough reviews here to tell you what to expect on the menu and from the service. I'll just say this: After months of friends giving me exasperating looks when I said we had not tried Boucherie yet, we went on a whim....and...if you drag your feet like I did, you'll only be doing yourself a disservice. It is a wonderful little place. If you like ciders at all, they have a unique cider served in a soda canister that is superb.
Update, last night I had a bone marrow sauce and shard on a homemade pasta here. This morning I want to lick my own face in the hope of a discovering a missing flavor morsel. Yeah. its like that. Service is always pleasant and excellent here too.I dined at Boucherie during a recent visit to New Orleans and had a great experience.
First of all, the restaurant was a bit hard to get to since there were several road closures and our cab driver didn't seem to know where he was going. The area around the restaurant seems like it could be a little rough around the edges, but the restaurant itself is very cute. It looks like it used to be a house and has been converted into a restaurant.
We arrived about half an hour before our reservation and decided to have a drink at the bar. It's quite a small restaurant, but I liked the cozy feel. At the bar, my party ordered the boudin balls, which I highly recommend (especially with the apple cider bbq sauce that the bartender offered up).
After transferring to our table for dinner, I ordered the arugula salad (which I split with a colleague) and the grilled wahoo. The wahoo came with corn grits, and grilled wild mushrooms. The fish was delicious! However, I sampled a few of my colleagues' meals and I have to say, the pulled pork cake was by far my favorite. The ribs were amazing too.
To wrap up the meal, we ordered the Krispy Kreme bread pudding and the Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie. The bread pudding was very sweet, but enjoyable. The chocolate pie was the perfect combination of spicy and sweet.
The food at Boucherie is great (perfect portions, lots of flavor) but the best thing is the price. It's fine dining at a very reasonable price. I'll be visiting again if my travels take me through New Orleans in the future.Here at Boucherie we had the Crispy Cream bread pudding and it was great 5/5 stars! And another added bonus we meet the head chef Zimet ,and he was very nice. All in all a great experience for my first time in New Orleans and this restaurant!Love love love this place. So far best meal I've had in NOLA!!!  It was so good, I literally got out of my cab and had to write the review about this place.
Now i know why it is so hard to get a reservation here.  Cute little house that is now a restaurant.
Servers are awesome attentive and know the menu.
What did I have....
Crispy Skin Duck Confit - Yes the skin was crispy.  Yes it was flavorful....no it wasn't greasy and fatty feeling.  Amazing
Main dish was Scallops - Best scallops I've had (and I've had my share of scallops)
GO TO Boucherie!Just finished an amazing lunch with 2 friends - probably one of the best meals we've had collectively on this trip to NOLA that includes meals at August, Herbsaint etc.
We started off with the house Bloody Mary's with absolutely delicious pickled okra.  Okra would be way more popular if people tried it like this.  The shrimp and grit cakes app was just a harmony of flavors and the shrimp perfectly cooked.  The mussels also good but not as good as the shrimp.  We shared that huge bowl of unbelievably perfectly cooked frites - honestly they don't need the cheese - these fries are perfect plain.  Yum yum yum.  We were only going to eat a few but wiped the bowl clean.
For our main course - the duck po' boy was delicious - perfectly cooked duck, nice pickle but the sandwich needed something for the bread - there is no sauce/condiment on it.  The pork cake with cabbage super yummy and the Cuban sandwich was like no Cubano I've had in NYC but so delicious and the bread house made.
Our stomachs groaned but we couldn't leave without trying the Krispy Kreme bread pudding and thank goodness!  You have to have this if you go.  Way lighter than expected and perfectly complemented with a scoop of the house vanilla ice cream.I have many happy and delicious memories here! The greens are my favorite in the whole city. The broth is amazing and the grit cake soaks it up. I always recommend whatever porkchop is on the menu. Always great, delicious flavor. I also like the brisket and fries and the mussels. Passion for food and flavor here! Basically anything you'll order will be great. The last time I went for dinner and lunch I will say our service was very slow. However, sometimes this happens and I assume it'll all be smoothed out. Friendly staff and good food warrants my patience. Definitely not a quick meal but it'll sure be an enjoyable one!Here in NOLA for a conference, Boucherie was a recommendation from a colleague otherwise would have never found this excitingly delicious,  amazingly priced beautiful establishment.  This restaurant is an old how renovation of a house sat within a residential street. The food was absolutely amazing and the prices were astonishingly reasonible compared to the French Quarter. 
Cocktails and beer selection was excellent and every cocktail came out to the table with fabulous presentation as did the tasty small plates and dinner plates.   I had the pulled pork cake, and my partner had the ribs and the duck confit with baklava( best duck confit I've ever had). Friends at the table had the brisket and Scallops, everyones plates were cleaned off. My partner is lactose intolerant and they whipped up a delicious Plantain with  figs and  pecan butter ( delicious!).
Would recommend this place and will be back if return to NOLA.I had the brisket, scallops, mussels, ribs, and bread pudding. All the food was absolutely delicious and has been since they originally opened up around the corner. The real standouts are the brisket w/ fries and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. The ambience is nothing to compare with the original location though. The new location is loud and just doesn't carry over the same feel that was loved by many. At least they still serve many of the plates that got them where they are today. Service hasn't been very good the last couple of times I have stopped through for dinner. 4 stars for the loud acoustics and shoddy service.Dinner was amazing...  started with the  Boudin Balls with a Garlic Aioli and they were so good.. wanted to eat more.  The  Steamed Mussels with Collard Greens & Crispy Grit Crackers were great.. I think I could eat the greens all day.   Also had the  Fresh Cut French Fries with Garlic Butter & Parmesan Reggiano which my friend said were to die for.
For dinner I had the an Seared Duck Breast with Duck Ragout, Pappardelle, Fava Beans & Preserved Egg, the duck was perfectly cooked and I really enjoyed it.
My friend had the pplewood Smoked Scallops with Roasted Baby Squash, Tarragon Roesti Potato & Sauce which was also amazing.
The only problem was we had so much we did not get to have the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding which was good in a way.. just means I have to go back !This was the best restaurant I ate at in New Orleans.  Creative spins on classic dishes, and then elevated to a whole new level.  Reservations are encouraged, but they keep several tables out on the porch for walk-ins.
Scallops were beautifully cooked, the wagu beef brisket was good too.  Really you can't order wrong at this restaurant!So this is a culinary experience like no other.  When I am fully recovered from my food coma I will go into detail how much I love the food here. Should be 6 starsFor starters, I have heard great things about this place so wanted to give it a shot.  The menu was very appealing at first glance.  
The space is excellent, in an old house that was converted to a restaurant spot years ago and has changed hands many times until Boucherie arrived.  We ordered two cocktails to start, a Dark and Stormy and the Carrot Cilantro Margarita. Our server,  was not exceedingly helpful or personable.  In fact, we waited about 10 minutes for anyone to come and take our drink order, and another 10 minutes to receive the first cocktail (they came out one at a time) and then about 3 minutes later, after I inquired about my girlfriends cocktail, he said "Oh I know, it's coming" as if I should have known that the margarita was going to take extra time.  He didn't let me know that it was taking a while, so I had assumed that it had been forgotten.  The Dark and Stormy was exceptionally tasty, but as for the margarita, I didn't care for it, but to each his own.  It came out exactly as described, I just didn't care for the flavor combination, but I think that's a personal taste kinda thing.
Onto the appetizers....we ordered an arugula salad, the Gulf Fish Sticks and the steamed mussels.  The fish sticks were delicious.  The arugula salad was fresh and tasty, but a little too much dressing, I thought.  The mussels were adequate but not the best I've ever had.  The collard greens in the broth are great as are the thin sliced grit fries that accompany the mussels.  
We ordered the Scallops and the Brisket with Garlicky Parmesan fries for our entrees.  Our server didn't bother telling us about the specials, and I wish he had, because he probably would have sold me on the scallop potstickers, or that Hot Cracklin' Salad, but c'est la vie.  The scallops were perfect.  The brisket was really just ok.  
For dessert we got the Chocolate terrine and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding, which was awesome.  
I also had a wonderful Pimm's Cup.  
The prices are super reasonable, especially for this type of cuisine.  For three apps, three cocktails, two entrees, and two desserts, our grand total with tax was $113.  Great value for the money.  
My biggest complaint, honestly, was the condescending attitude of our server.   He wasn't a jerk or anything, but he was just a little too condescending for my tastes.  I  work in the industry, and have run restaurants for years, so when I get treated like a tourist who doesn't know any better, it's really off putting.  Strange, but I'd happily go back.  I just wouldn't do the brisket again.  The scallops really were fantastic and I should have gone with my gut.  Looking forward to my next visit and trying some different stuff.The food was good, but the place did not live up to the hype. We got the Pimm's cup, Parmesan fries, and pulled pork cake, and they were all really good. 
I also got a special salad they had that day that had strawberries. It was really good, but the waitress didn't mention it had brisket in it, which wouldn't have been good if I was a vegetarian thinking a salad would be meatless. 
The deserts didn't live up to the hype. We got the Krispy creme bread pudding and the chocolate chess pie. Neither was bad, but neither was spectacular. The chess pie was very spicy in some bites but not others. 
The service was lacking. The waitress got our drink and desert order wrong, forgot to bring us napkins, and charged us for something we didn't order.My favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  I talk about it so much that my friends asked to go on a double date for Valentine's Day.  I would write more, but can't, because I'm in a food coma.  Go there.  Order everything!visiting from San Francisco, and Boucherie was one of my first meals in New Orleans and boy did they set the bar high for the rest of our trip. This restaurant is small and packs a big punch. It's a little hipster (but totally professional), innovative, playful, and more importantly....the food is fantastic!
The Krispy Kreme bread pudding is as good as everyone says it is. So get one for the table to share, because you'll only need a bite or two. 
The brisket was perfect! The mussels were great, but the collard greens they came with were the star of the dish. The foie gras biscuit with milk gravy and strawberry jam was out of this world and so was the fried oyster salad with shaved golden beets (it was one of the daily specials). 
Highly recommend Boucherie to anyone looking for some delicious eats. To see photos of what we ordered visit our food website here:
http://eatsporkjew.com/travel-2/boucherie-new-orleans/I don't like bread pudding but I do like donuts and the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding had me at first bite, and second bite, and spoon fighting everyone at the table for the rest. The Brisket with Parmesan fries were really good as well. Sat on the front deck which was nice until the random street odor would waft by.So I had no idea where my boyfriend was taking me for Valentine's Day dinner until we were in the neighborhood and I screamed "aww! Boucherie!!" (Apparently I had mentioned in passing how cute the place looked and how I'd like to go--someone was finally taking notes). We're not too big on V-Day, but he wanted to do something nice so he made reservations for the $50, 3 course Prix Fixe. 
I'm not even going to lie, when I found out it was Prix Fixe I was a little annoyed. I'm pretty picky and like my options-- so taking me to what is a "fancy" restaurant to me with no options didn't seem like the best move for him. But, what I ended up loving about the Prix Fixe is that it made me go out of my comfort zone and try new foods! 
The appetizer was a dish with two oysters with some sauce that I forget now. Ughhhh...all my life I've claimed to not like oysters and have gotten away with not actually trying them. And my boyfriend isn't a fan of seafood, but there we were with oysters on our table and no other option as an appetizer. We had some serious psychological battles to overcome before eating this dish-- but after many back and forth "you wanna try it?", "no, you first", "ok, let's do it!" we both finally ate the darn oysters and they were really good! Not slimy like I thought they were going to be and the sauce was great! Wish I remembered what it was... 
For the second and third course it was either a fish option or a beef option, so both my boyfriend and I chose the beef (we could only be so adventurous). We both thoroughly enjoyed our food and had no complaints whatsoever. 
And the dessert...oh my, the dessert!!! It was a plate with 4 different goodies (one for each). One of the items was a ball of chocolate covered bacon. Very unique taste; the bacon was a strong flavor but the texture and over all taste was good-- I think that's what we fought mostly for. Seriously, sharing dessert is so difficult. 
Overall, the restaurant was very charming. We had a very intimate experience with no more than 12 tables in the restaurant and the special occasion with must-have reservations made it even more significant. *Points to the boyfriend!* 
As a pretty recent college graduate, I'd definitely mark this experience as a "Oh crap. I'm becoming an adult" experience. I hope to come back with the full menu option.I can't say enough great things Boucherie and about the food and staff at this fantastic restaurant.   Everything was exceptional, innovative and creative.  The staff was caring and attentive.  It's a must visit for foodies and it's in a nice chill garden district location where a traveler can get get away from the Bourbon Street scene and experience the real beauty of New Orleans. This was our second time there and we will be back every time we go to New Orleans!!UPDATE:
Went back for lunch (a few days after our dinner). The shrimp po boy was SO good, I ordered and devoured a second one minutes after finishing the first. I assure you I'm not some fat glutton; it was just that good. 
Also had the Caesar salad which was lightly grilled and delicious. And the Krispy Kreme bread pudding (again) which was just as incredible as the first time. 
Finally, tasted the mirliton dish which is one of the best vegetarian dishes, I've ever tasted. 
I need to start planning my next trip.I would recommend avoiding this overrated restaurant.
I was given a pile of rotten green beans that must have been over a month old.  They were brown and squishy.  What am I supposed to do with these, start a compost pile?
Aside from the green beans, the place was tiny and crowded, and the atmosphere lacked class and sophistication.
My time would have been better spent having a quick meal at that staple of modern South Louisiana cuisine, Arby's.A charming restaurant with a serious chef! Powerful flavors, unique dishes, and friendly service. Every dish on the menu seemed thoughtfully crafted and to offer something distinct from typical menus. We found this through a NYTimes mention and it was well worth the visit. The appetizer of boudin balls had a fantastic spice level. The vegetables in our Caesar salad and with our main were all grilled just enough to have a little caramelization and deeper layer of flavor. The Krispy Kreme bread pudding was delicious comfort food and came a la mode! The waiter was able to recommend a red wine that paired perfectly with the duck we ordered. This restaurant feels full of creativity, freshness and wholehearted care from its chef and staff.I came to Boucherie due to the rave reviews on Yelp. I have to say I was slightly disappointed. The food at Boucherie was good, but I certainly was not blown away. 
The good:
1. The Boudin balls. Moist on the inside, flavorful. Went really well with the vinegar that is on the table. 
2. Our pimm's cups were refreshing and quite good. 
The ok: 
The shrimp entree that we both got. The shrimp were HUGE. They were in a butter sauce that was ok but didn't blow me away. 
The blackened shrimp and grit cake. Plenty of flavor but similar to the shrimp, just didn't hit the spot for me. I freely admit it might just be a personal preference. Others might find it fantastic. 
The frustrating: 
The service, especially in the beginning, was slooooow. We weren't in any rush, but we were starving when we arrived, so it was a bit frustrating waiting for our waitress to finally come by to take our order.
Boucherie is a cute restaurant and reasonably priced. If I lived in New Orleans or visited frequently, I would definitely be up to coming here again. I think I just had overly high expectations due to the other reviews, and the two dishes I found to be just ok was probably due to my own palette preference more than anything else.Hands down one of the best food experiences at a restaurant in my life.
We had bookmarked this restaurant before our trip to NOLA, and after taking a street car to the end of the line, realized we were close to it.
When we walked in, we were told they were fully reserved for the evening (this was at about 6:30 on a Friday).  It's a small place and we saw a couple of open tables.  We asked the host if we could eat if we promised to be out in less than 30 minutes.  He agreed and sat us.
Since time was of the essence, we decided to just order one appetizer and one main course.  And the truth is we weren't even that hungry because we had just eaten at Willie Mae's a few hours prior.  
We started with the boudin balls.  They were awesome.  Tender on the inside with a nice fired outer skin, they were quite delectable!
The star for me was the brisket however.  It was done to perfection, and even though I wan't very hungry, I would have easily ordered a second plate.
We had a blueberry capote dor dessert that was alright, but no mind-blowing.
Overall the best place we ate in in New Orleans and one of the best meals ever.  And to top it off, one of the incoming reservations wanted to sit at the bar, so we got to stay and enjoy ourselves without being rushed.
I am writing this review over a month after having been there which accounts for the brevity of it.  While the memory of the details begin to fade, the memory of the flavor does not!This review is based on the food served at FQF 2013. 12 hour roasted beef Po boy, horseradish aioli and sweet red onions. It was good but very small, I know festival food is supposed to be small, but it was very small.I went into Buchero hungry and left nauseous. 
The Blackened Shrimp and Grit Cakes With Warm House Cured Bacon Vinaigrette should have been called 3 shrimp briquettes with inedibly salty and burnt grit cakes. I saw no vinaigrette; only a glob of something that added insult to injury because it was overpowering and did nothing to balance or compliment the attempted blackening. 
Then I had a "large" plate of (disappointing) Applewood Smoked Sausage, (one) Seared Scallop, (unseasoned) Crab Boiled Sweet Potatoes, (flavorless) Roasted Garlic (that seemed boiled) & a (borderline rancid) Celery Remoulade.  Even if all items had been fresh and well-prepared, the combinations were ill-conceived. 
My dining partner's food was uninspired, pretentiously described and overpriced. 
The environment in general was also pretentious. They wanted to know if we had reservations although 11 of 12 tables were empty when we arrived at about 1:30 and remained so for a good half hour afterwards. The wait for the food was inordinately long though, in hindsight, we wished it had never arrived.My wife and I had lunch here during a weekday on the advise of a friend.  We were not disappointed.  We pretty much had the place to ourselves at 11:45 AM.  A few others trickled in.
Our waiter was very helpful and made the dining experience more enjoyable.
My wife had the blackend shrimp with grit crackers and I had the parmesean fries.
Both were excellent.  My only complaint would be that the fries were a little greasy, but they tastes wonderful.
My wife had the Madame BLT and I had a special prime rib philly cheesesteak.
We loved both.  We finished with the Krispy Kreme bread pudding.
The lunch was a little pricey, but you might not find a better one in town.A small neighborhood restaurant with mediocre food.
The drinks aren't anything special, just kind of thrown together.
The house salad was simple but probably my favorite part of the meal. The boudin balls were fine, kind of dry since it was made mostly of shredded meat.
The shrimp poboy was very disappointing. They cut the tip off the bread then take out some of the middle to put some shrimp in there. That's it.
The roast beef po boy had a lot of tough meat, also pretty disappointing.
At least the prices were overall decent -- $6 each for the two appetizers, $9 each for cocktails, and $12 each for the po boys.Boucherie is pleasant change from your typical New Orleans restaurant. The spot sits just off sits just off of S. Carrolton in the first floor of a remodeled home. The whole restaurant is very small and I highly recommend making reservations before stopping in. I really admire the chefs' philosophy of making high end dining affordable to almost anyone. (The most expensive dish on the menu comes in at $15.) In addition to an affordable menu, Boucherie is BYOB optional with only a $5 corking fee per bottle. We started with a number of the appetizers including a beef carpaccio special, boudin balls with a garlic aioli, a blackened shrimp with grit cakes, and the garlic soup. The small plate portions were perfect to share amongst three people and all had really great flavor. For our entrees, my sister and I split the beef brisket and her boyfriend ordered the duck confit. Both entrees were great and it was a nice touch that the kitchen staff had split the beef brisket on to two different plates for us before dinner arrived at our table. We left Boucherie full and satisfied without having the overly stuffed feeling that is common after a fantastic New Orleans meal.This place is as good as it gets. We sat down at the bar and had drinks before dinner. The service and conversation were wonderful & our drinks were just perfect. My husband and I were here as part of our honeymoon and the bartender took special care to recommend some really great places to visit while in New Orleans. Once we sat for dinner, the great service continued. I'm not even going to get into all of the detail of our meals, just know you can't go wrong with anything. The mussels were delicious and our server even brought us some bread to sop up the juices with. I had the duck which was AMAZING - the best duck I've ever had. The server recommended the perfect wine pairing for it too. My husband had the ribs with the spoonbread - wow. Truly incredible. Reasonably priced for the caliber of food you're getting and the perfect portions to actually finish and not feel overstuffed. We finished with the Krispy Kreme bread pudding... which, need I say more? I can't wait to visit New Orleans again to literally just eat here. Thank you to the staff and chefs for such a memorable honeymoon!New Orleans has amazing food--this is no secret. And I've eaten at A LOT of NOLA establishments. All of this is to say, Boucherie is to this day one of the best meals I've eaten in the city and in any other city for that matter. 
I had scallops which we cooked to perfection--really, I have never had a better scallop. The server was knowledgable and helped us choose a great wine. My partner had beef which was delicious and everything really just innovative and creative and well-executed. 
For dessert--I thought I wouldn't enjoy the Krispy Kreme bread pudding, thinking it may be too sweet but it was incredible.
The ambience is really nice but also manages to maintain a casual and friendly feel. Would highly recommend the trip uptown if you're a tourist staying down town.First off, let me start by saying "mad props for the complexity and execution of the menu items." I wanted to rate Boucherie 4 out of 5, but am giving 3 because of the unnecessary waiting. We waited extremely long to initially receive our food and in between courses. There is only street parking available, and on a Saturday evening, it was tough! I started with a Sazerac and it was pretty good. The boudin balls were good, but I was expecting a tad more kick in the flavor. I ordered the Saint Louis Style Niman Ranch Pork Ribs for my entree. They were tender and fall off the bone. Again, they could have used more flavoring but the tenderness won me over. The ribs were accompanied by Spicy Fried Okra sitting on top of Pimento Cheese Aioli. OMG! It was great! I was pleasantly surprised by the Pickled Cantaloupe. The flavor was amazing! I ordered the Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie for dessert. It was a disappointment because it was light, fluffy, not very sweet...totally opposite of every chess pie I eaten. That night, they had a carrot cake on the menu. It looked amazing, so I'll keep that in mind if I visit again. I would like to visit again but am unsure because I don't have 3 hours to spend at a restaurant.I live in Slidell, La. Sunday morning my husband decided we should do brunch in New Orleans at a privately owned restaurant. Parking was perfect!!! Host was friendly and seated us instantly. Waiter could've sold us a red crayon we would've bought it lol. His Southern hospitality made you feel at home and his knowledge of food, drinks, The restaurant and the Chef was amazing. The Bloody Mary, Mimosas, The Johnny 9 and The Pimm's cup is a must try!!! I ordered the Grilled Heart of Romaine Caesar Salad with Parmesan Reggiano & Basil Croutons and the Pork tenderloin with Parmesan eggplant. To have a Pork Tenderloin that tender is a gift from God lol. My daughter ordered the 
Hand Cut French Fries with Garlic Butter & Parmesan Reggiano and the Dry aged beef burger that came dressed with a poached egg, Canadian bacon, cheese and a special sauce served with skillet potatoes!!! Hungry yet ??? lol okay my husband ordered the mouth watering silver dollar blueberry pancakes and the brisket served with collard greens topped with a poached egg drizzled with a special sauce and a buttery biscuit!!! The brisket sent me to heaven and back lol the collard greens made me feel like I was at my moms house for Thanksgiving. To top everything off the charming, southern hospitality Waiter convinced us into try the Krispy Kreme bread pudding!!!! All I'm going to say is I will never eat regular bread pudding again lol if it's not Boucherie Krispy Kreme bread pudding with their special sauce then I'll pass!! But to end my review the coolest part about my visit is when Chef Nathanial Zimet came over to greet us  love when Chefs comes out to greet their customers !!! F.Y.I this was my family first visit and we will be back. Do you know how hard it is nowadays to get outstanding service to where everything is perfect  from parking to leaving with full bellies and empty plates.An amazing little restaurant. Great food and great service. Chicken, beef brisket and pork were all amazing. The Krispy Kreme bread pudding was out of this world.We randomly came across this place on our adventure. Not only was this place super cute, but the food was sooo good and so were the drinks. The staff is super nice. I highly recommend this place.Yo, I don't know. I LOVE food. I ain't a foodie, but I get flavor. 
I had a genuinely moving food experience at Boucherie.
We went on the recommendation of a friend and after checking to see that we could actually afford it on Yelp, we made it over for lunch. Glad we chose lunch over dinner cause it seems like a place that could be hard to just walk into. 
Boo and I ordered drinks: Sazerac and Bloody Mary. That Bloody Mary was a beautiful meal on its own. We sipped these while eating the parm fries that were hard not to scarf. 
I am surprised to read reviews about mediocre food. I think that you can taste all the careful choices made in each course. Maybe you certain flavors don't vibe with you, but the food here, for the price the give it to you at, is bananas. 
We had some of the Mozzarella Gnudi with Smoked Cauliflower Ragu & Carrot Greens Pistou. The cheese: homemade and a creamy dream. The ragu was no joke. We were able to split this and feel pretty satisfied, but we still got sandwiches. 
Boo is a vegetarian so he got the open faced bacon egg and cheese sandwich with no bacon. I don't think this was the wisest choice on his part cause at $10, that seemed like too much without the bacon. But he seemed to enjoy it because that man loves a runny egg and crusty bread. If I was a vegetarian, I'd probably navigate around the menu a little more adventurously. They seem amenable to adjusting their items. 
I got the duck confit po'boy. This was spectacular. I was pretty sure I was too full to finish the whole thing, but demolished it anyway. There were pickles on it (and I tend to be averse to pickles on sandwiches) but they were these amazing bread and butter pickles that were too good to pick off. I strongly recommend this. 
We spent almost two hours delighting in the food and atmosphere and took a walk around the neighborhood afterwards. Its a beautiful part of NoLa.Had read about a few restaurants before traveling to NOLA, this was one of them. After dining at much higher priced restaurants for both lunch and dinner, this one beat them all. 
The duck confit and collards and grits fries as appetizers were fabulous. The brisket tender and delicious as was the pulled pork cake with purple cabbage.
No room for dessert but we really wanted the krispie creme bread pudding!
The server, Molly, was above comparison: charming, knowledgable and so efficient - thanks!!We had reservations but the management had to cancel when the boil water advisory was put into effect for Orleans Parish. They were very accommodating and agreed to accept my gift certificates even though my reservations were for the very last day and they would have been expired on the rescheduled date. 
The service was great, but we did go at 5:30pm. 
The cocktails were mixed well, the Boudin balls were the perfect appetizer, the roasted beet salad was fresh and delicious, the Wagyu Beef Brisket and Parmesan fries were an AMAZING pair and of course Krisy Kreme Bread pudding was AWESOME! 
Food was timed well, and the restaurant was very small, but cozy.
WE LOVED IT ALL!!I love the food and atmosphere here. It's a really cozy place that's perfect for intimate dates or small groups. You should either go with 2 or 3 small platers as your meal or one of the large plates, beef brisket and duck breast are both incredible! Try everything on the menu, you won't be disappointed!We enjoyed our dinner here on our 4-day tour of New Orleans! Our server was really friendly, and it was nice to get to a different neighborhood.
RESERVATIONS
Made about a week in advance for four of us at 6pm on a Saturday. 
COST
$172.22 before tip, split four ways. We got a couple drinks, 3 starters, 4 entrees, and 2 desserts. Not bad!
MUST-HAVES
Small plates: French Fries & Crispy Skin Duck Confit. Large plates: Ribs! Dessert: Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie, Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding.
SMALL PLATES
* Hamachi Sashimi w/ House Fermented Kimchi ($13) - 3 stars
A little underwhelming. Definitely a subtle dish, compared to most things at Boucherie. The fish's texture was a bit hard.
* Fresh Cut French Fries w/ Garlic Butter & Parmesan Reggiano ($6) - 4 stars
This was great! Even though they were thin cut, there wasn't an overwhelming amount of crisp. It had a great balance of soft and crunchy. The seasonings plus the parm were fantastic. Plus, it's such a large bowl for only $6. 
* Crispy Skin Duck Confit (w/ sweet onion dumpling, burnt rye, beet chips, & dirty martini bagna cauda. $13) - 4.5 stars
Delicious! The meat was so moist, and the skin's sharp crisp was the perfect complement. All the flavors came together really well.
LARGE PLATES
* Saint Louis Style Niman Ranch Pork Ribs (w/ creamed green onions, house made american cheese & fried shallots. $17) - 4.5 stars
One of the favorites at the table! The ribs are tender & packed with flavor, plus you get that nice crunch from the fried shallots. It comes with a small cast iron pan of the creamed green onions, which is rich, soupy, and gritty. Great for dipping!
* Pan Seared Duck Breast w/ Gnocchi Bolognese & Garlicky Rapini ($18) - 4 stars
Very nicely done. The duck, very soft & tender. The flavors are just right. A little bit more of a simple dish than our other entrees, less "wow" factor, and a bit smaller.
* Applewood Smoked Scallops (w/ wood grilled root vegetables, lemongrass soubise & Kaffir lime aioli. $20) - 4 stars
Nicely done, and like the duck breast, a little less wow factor. But they got the texture of the scallop just right - it slices through so easily, and it's not overcooked. 
* Pomegranate Glazed Pork Shank (a daily special. w/ Israeli cous cous, purple carrots & leek flour gremolata. $23) - 3.5 stars
This has the wow factor, as the shank is a huge impressive chunk of meat. The glazed flavors are good, but unfortunately once you get inside to the meat it is quite dry. The dish definitely could've used more sauce, and that sauce and cous cous could've used much more flavor!
DESSERT
* Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie ($6) - 4.5 stars
Loved this! Rich and moist, with a crumbly crust that added crunch. Love their house made whipped cream too - such thick texture, and not too sweet.
* Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding ($6) - 4.5 stars
Also amazing! This was crazy rich, and you have to eat it fast as the bread is hot and the ice cream is already melting when it gets to your table. Super moist, soft bread.Had always meant try this place but somehow never made it there until last night. I was really impressed, both with the service and the food.
Best dishes:
- Brisket. Oo-ee, so tender and delicious, with some kind of tangy sauce that I could have drunk by the glass. 
- Shrimp with grit cakes. I don't remember the exact preparation, but it was delicious. Smoky, tangy, perfectly cooked.
- French fries with parmesan and pepper. Crispy, flavorful, damn delicious. 
- Krispy Kreme bread pudding. Need I say more?
I thought the boudin balls were just OK.  They lacked the spicy kick that I think is essential for boudin. I also thought the roasted beet with risotto was a little blah, too -- but, well, another member of my party loves beets.
I give this restaurant marks for a creative menu, attentive and friendly service, reasonable prices, a great beer/cocktail/wine list and a fun atmosphere despite close quarters. It instantly became one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.If you're looking for a quiet intimate dinner this is not your place.  If what you want is an excellent meal in chaotic and loud atmosphere then you found your spot.  I'm not meaning this in a bad way.  This is a very small old house that has been converted.  The walls and floors are hard and absorb no sound.  Combined with the compact size and closeness of your dining companions you get the idea.  I'm not going to describe the food, check the menu.  I will tell you it was excellent and different.  The service was something to watch as the servers had to dance around the confusion.  Most of the customers appeared to be locals and repeat customers.  Fun and different experience away from the mass appeal of the French Quarter eateries.In my opinion one of the best restaurant in town. 
Some dishes change on a regular basis = They keep it interesting
The staff is knowledgeable and passionate on what they do.
Interesting dishes salads. Last time I had a vegetarian ravioli. It was fresh and super delicious!
* its packed during weekends so be ready to wait! or get there earlyI've never been so disappointed in a restaurant. I went for brunch with a party of 5 on Sunday and I can honestly say that I've never had worse service in my life. They only had 3 people working front of house which included the owner, the waiter, and the bartender... during Sunday brunch. It took 20+ minutes for us to get seated at our reserved table (which we could see was available) simply because they couldn't stop to greet or seat us. Once we sat down, it took 10 minutes for the waiter to come over with water and menus. We eventually ordered drinks once we had a chance to review the menu, half of which our waiter had "forgotten" until our entrees had been served. I noticed the table next to us had received their salad with their entrees, so when ordering our meals I politely asked if our salads and starter pancakes could come out before our main courses. The waiter gruffly replied "That's how appetizers work!" before scurrying off. It then took 45+ minutes for the appetizers and half of our drinks to arrive. 20 minutes later we got our entrees. 3 people in our party ordered the biscuits and brisket entree (which was tasty), but unfortunately one of the plates received only the smallest sliver of brisket and didn't receive hollandaise. We brought a few of the issues up with the owner as we received our check and he offered weak excuses but no sincere apology. 
Honestly the food was good (which is why it's receiving 2 stars), but the entire experience was ruined by the service. I'm frustrated I didn't have the same experience as so many other Yelpers. We had high hopes for Boucherie and just were truly let down.Best meal I've had so far! The waygu brisket was excellent and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding best way to cap off a meal!We had a short time for lunch, and they "open" at 11, so it was a perfect choice. Of course they hadn't opened when we got there at 11:05. The staff inside saw us through the door, but still did not open as we waited 15 minutes. So we left. So unprofessional!When you first walk up you see how nice the restaurant reminds you of a quaint elegant cottage. Intimate with good vibe and atmosphere. Puts a great spin on southern and especially New Orleans style cuisine. I sat at the bar and Ryan gave me the best customer service I have ever received. He is amazing and knows how to pour the drinks! He is attentive and is very knowledgable of menu. So ordered shrimp and grits- very nice. Boudin balls- very nice. Mussels- very nice with nice sauce. Also the scallops are amazing- they had a really unique sauce that lingers on in your mouth and like nothing have ever had before. Great place and highly recommend it!The duck confit po'boy and krispy kreme bread pudding remain one of the most memorable meals of my life. Bless you all for bringing a little bit of heaven to earth and sharing it with all of us!Went here for a date night. We had apps and entrées and everything was very good. Staff were very helpful although they were quite busy. I didn't have anything that has me running back, but it was awesome food none the less.My beautiful delicious French dining mademoiselle, oh how I adore you. 
Ambiance: Located on South Carrolton Ave., this little beautiful fine dining restaurant is how I imagine French restaurants. There is a little patio in the front with windows seeing out into the street. Tables are neatly ordered with white linen tablecloths and a quiet simplicity and elegance throughout the restaurant. Walls were painted a muted purple and waiters and waitresses were wearing a simple black apron. 
Food: We ordered Crispy Skin Duck Confit for our appetizer and the Smoked Wagyu Beef Brisket and the Saint Louis Style Niman Ranch Pork Ribs for our entrees. Then, to end the evening, we finished with the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding. The Crispy Skin Duck Confit was interesting. The duck was very crispy and juicy and tender and the fatness was balanced well with the light, summery shaved squash. However, there was an oil cured olive spread that was just, in my opinion, too heavy for the dish. I am in no way a food connoisseur but it just did not mesh well with the other parts of the other dish. The entrees were delicious! The Smoked Wagyu Beef Brisket was tender and flavorful with a delicious Barbeque sauce. The side of string Parmesan fries was also irresistible with lots of flavor and a balance of crispiness and softness. The Saint Louis Style Niman Ranch Pork Ribs was so tender that it was almost falling off the bone. The fried okras were pretty standard with a spicy batter but the cream sauce was a nice touch for condiment. The additional pickled cantaloupe was a nice summery touch. Both dishes were good and heavy but the ribs had a more summer tone with the lightness of the cantaloupe. Last but not least, the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding was the highlight of the evening. Topped with the requested scoop of Vanilla ice cream, the bread pudding has always been to me the king of all desserts. It is perfectly soft, crunchy, and sweet and its hotness was balanced beautifully with the coldness of the ice cream. Each bite was a taste of heavenly delight. 
Service: The hostess and waitress were both pleasant and polite, but not super friendly. They were efficient in clearing dishes and refilling water. However, they did not ask us if we needed anything. Generally, decent service. 
Final thoughts: Overall, Boucherie had an almost excellent experience in all 3 criteria - ambiance, food, and service. All the dishes were delicious with the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding being the highlight. The location and atmosphere was quiet and elegant. The service was moderate, pleasant and polite. Definitely would recommend, just for the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding alone!Giving this place 3 stars because service was terrible. We parked next door at ninos which was nice because we didn't have to walk. The inside was decorated really nice. We didn't have reservations but the hostess sat us at a table anyways. We didn't get greatest by our server until 15 min after sitting down. She forgot my boyfriends coke. We had to ask her twice for it. Took forever for our food to come out and we didn't get checked on while we are our food. The 3 stars is for the atmosphere and the food. We got the brisket& fries. Omg the brisket was heavenly. Like one of the best I've ever had. I would come back here when I'm not in a rush to go anywhere and just eat and drink. They also gave us free test spoons to try the cucumber mint soup --- not s fan of cucumber or mint but loved the soup. Also the portions were kind of smallMy boyfriend and I went here on a Wednesday night for our one year anniversary dinner and I have to say it was a pretty wonderful experience. The restaurant itself is located in a converted house so the seating is very intimate, it's like being at a fancy dinner party but you don't have to socialize with the other people.
Seconds after we sat down we were presented with a free food sample of some sort of black bean, sour cream and pickled onion mixture. It tasted like just the insides of burrito, it was pretty delicious, the beans had a great smokey, meaty flavor to them. 
For appetizers we had the duck confit and the boudin balls. The duck confit was melt in your mouth delicious meat with this flavorful crispy skin.... Absolutely to die for. Now these boudin balls were an unexpected highlight. I used to work at a restaurant that served boudin balls and would eat them pretty often but never thought they were anything special. Boucherie's boudin balls however, oh. My. God. Perfect texture, perfect smokey flavor, perfectly seasoned.... Just plain amazing. There were three per order and I definitely would've fought my boyfriend over the third one if he didn't let me have it. 
Entrees were brisket and ribs.... They did not disappoint. The ribs had a great flavor all on their own, they were NOT slathered in barbecue sauce like some places tend to do. 
Krispy Kreme bread pudding was a great finish to the meal. It was sweet and rich without being too over the top. 
In terms of cocktails the dark and stormy was great, they make it a little boozier than other places I've ordered them. The thousand dollar wedding drink was like a whiskey sour but with these smokey bitters added that provided an interesting depth of flavor. I also ordered the Rex float with my dessert and that was a perfect match. Like a light, frothy, boozy milkshake. I highly recommend ordering that as a dessert cocktail... Or just as dessert itself!
Service could have been more attentive but it seemed like our poor server was the only employee in the whole restaurant... He was waiting on every table in sight and still kept a smile on his face. I have mad respect for that.
Overall, five stars, would recommend for dates and anniversaries, will definitely plan to take my family here when they are in town as well. I love it!I called to make a reservation and they gave me pretty much the worst table possible, next to the kitchen. The food is delicious if you don't get your hopes too high.Came here for lunch on Saturday without reservations... the restaurant was full but luckily there was a spot open at the bar. The bartender was attentive and friendly. We ordered the tuna tartar appetizer special, the roast beef poboy and the burger (only a special on Saturdays!). Everything we had was excellent, great flavors and presentation. Will go back again and checkout dinner. There was also a good beer list - many interesting beers on tap.We went to Boucherie for a business lunch and it was so good!  It was my first time going there - I can't believe I hadn't been before.  When we first arrive we were one of only two tables - and the music was a little loud. The waitress had no problem turning it down for us.  As time went on, more people came and by the time we left, all the tables were full (and it was starting to get a little loud). 
We started off with the fries - they were pretty good as far as fries go. For my entree, I had the scallops - boy were they good.  Not overcooked, not too chewy, but just right. For dessert, we of course had the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding.  This was probably my favorite part of the meal. Hands-down amazing. The whole meal was great, but there are tons of other places I'd like to try before going back.Tried to go for dinner but no available reservations so we went for lunch the next day.  Overall this place was amazing, we got the boudin balls, garlic fries, and collard greens with mussels (unbelievable) as well as the krispy kreme bread pudding which was so decadent.  The waiter was very passionate about the food and really went out of his way to detail each dish.  The place lost a star though because the Jerk Chicken was not very good and so we didn't each much of it and when we mentioned it to the waiter, there was no offer to get us something else or take it off of our bill.  We would definitely go back next time though and just skip that item.Wanting to dine at Boucherie since it's opening I finally made it last weekend.  In short, a great meal for a good price.
The place was small but not suffocating.  I knew when they brought out the gazpacho amuse-bouche I was in for a treat.  Don't miss the parm-garlic fries!  The menu varies monthly.  This month was a latin-creole kinda theme.  Inventive and intriguing.  I got the veg option.  Cheesy arepas with fava beans and a tomato relish.  Delicious!  I was told the cuban sandwich, the mussels and the crispy duck confit was excellent as well.  A great Saturday brunch spot with friendly service!Favorite restaurants in New Orleans!
Love to start with the arugula salad, sashimi and a bottle of wine! I went to celebrate an anniversary and so we ordered the same wine from our first date at Boucherie! I tasted it and thought it was a bit different, but did not fully realize until later that it was bad; unfortunately I was too caught up in the moment and embarrassed it took me so long to realize so I did not say something!
The scallops are my favorite in the city though and I love the chocolate ganache for dessert! Although the wine was bad, the food NEVER disappoints!Boucherie impressed me right away with acoustic dampening on the ceiling, bringing the noise level down to a friendly but busy hum. The chicken-fried duck confit was to die for, as were the St. Louis style pork ribs. I was able to remove the bone from both in one swift motion, clean and almost without disturbing the shape of of the meat. The Krispy Kreme bread pudding: OMG. Decadent. The service was competent. It started chilly but warmed as the evening progressed (and the bottle of wine emptied). Good menu advice was proffered upon request. This was definitely the highlight of my visit to New Orleans.Very good lunch on the trolley route. Great dark & stormy, wagyu po-boy, pork  belly reuben and service. Krispy Kreme bread pudding is WOW.We have eaten at this restaurant several times at their old location and the food and service were always very good.  Our experience last night at the new location was not the same.  This was one of the three restaurants my wife chose for our 45 th wedding anniversary visit to New Orleans.  She reserved the only table at the street side window one month in advance.  When we arrived on time we were told there was a scheduling error and we would have to sit somewhere else    Things happen, I understand that, but when a woman walked up while I was still standing there and demanded"are we getting the table or not",my opinion of this restaurant changed. We stayed and ate but my opinion of the food is probably biased at this point.  As a guy I can still get past their dishonesty, but I can assure you my wife will not forget. Good luck we will not be backI was really disappointed by this place. Ordered the potato gnocchi which was a joke..it's more like a soup than a pasta dish and the portions were TINY. I finished eating all the gnocchi in about a minute. However, the ribs my boyfriend got and chocolate chili pie were to die for. They were good enough to increase the rating but, like I said, portion size is way too tiny - the dessert portions were just as big as the entree portions, which is crazy, entree portions should be bigger. Walked out feeling like I'd had more dessert than my actual meal.One word....AMAZING!!!  Do not miss this Gem! The finest meal we have had in do not remember when...sazarak cocktails...grilled romain and the duck confit as an appetizer.....seared scallops and the amberjack followed by coffee and the fried apple pie over grapefruit curd with whipped cream and homemade ice cream....wildly creative and at just over a 100.00 with tip....the best fine dining for the cost in NOLA!Not sure why this place is rated so highly on YELP.  I debated between giving it a two star rating or a 3 star rating.
Pros
Wait staff is professional
Food is presented well
Cons
Food is average to below average
Way too pricey for what you get
Pretends to be high end, but really isn't 
My advice - there are better places to spend your hard earned $$$
If you do go, avoid the pulled pork cakePerhaps this type of restaurant just isn't my thing, but I unfortunately didn't have as great of experience here as everyone else.
Let me start with the problems. 
Perhaps it is just because I am literally broke, and so are my friends, but we decided to splurge and take one of my good friends here to dinner for his birthday. One of us ordered the shrimp and grits, and my friend and I ordered the ribs. The ribs were frankly boring, you get four little ribs stacked on a plate for $14. But that is not the problem, the problem is, they don't taste like much at all. There is hardly any sauce on it, and the sauce on it doesn't even have that much flavor. At least cover the ribs in sauce. Or serve sauce on the side, they are ribs for gods sake.  Granted they were probably going for some sort of dry rub here, regardless it wasn't very good.They are supposed to be smothered in flavor. I finished the meager portion of pork sorely disappointed. 
Our desert between the three of us consisted of one order of the Krispy Kreme bread pudding and one order of the bacon brownie. Both are pretty much self explanatory, the bread pudding is actually made from krispy kreme donuts. Considering krispy kreme donuts are such an abundant resource, the portion, which consists of an equivalent of a little more than one donut, is rather small. But perhaps I just had higher expectations of it. They also need a little more ingredients in it that make it bread pudding, like cinnamon. Could be a little less juicy.
The good side may redeem this place for you.
If you are willing to spend the money, and hang out with bougie people, this may have a lot of options. Just don't order the ribs. The fries and the shrimp and grits is outrageously good. So are the dessert, and many of the other dishes look good too. I would say, just don't order the ribs. And be prepared to burn a whole in your pocket. Maybe I just eat too much, or am just used to the regular heaping Louisiana portions, but everything looks really small here. You will have to order multiple portions if you are starving.
Don't go hear if you are poor like me, it will just make you sad.
I'll try it again if someone pays. I still have hope for it, and it is still a new restaurant. So maybe as time goes on the kinks will be worked out?Stopped in for an early lunch before heading to the airport to head home. Not overly surprised by the location/building but it was quaint (some 60+ seats at most).  Under my servers suggestion I ordered the duck confit.  Excellent.  For my main entree I strayed from his advice and ordered the ramp ravioli.  Well prepared but a bit earthy and not my taste (my fault). So I finished with the Thai chili chess pie. I liked the combination and heat.  From what I have read, likely would order the bread pudding next time.  But  overall great place...I will trust my server next time :)This restaurant is very cute. The food is good and the staff are fun, so it's a fun experience.I ate several times here, and tried a lot of food. Almost every dish is satisfying!
Today I tried beef brisket, it is stewed, no need to cut, with little sweet source, and garlic fries, very great!
carrot Chocolate melten cake is also great.Meaning to join Yelp specifically so I could give Boucherie 5 stars and write in about how amazing our meal was. It was only lunch, on a sleepy Thursday in the spring. We will remember it forever. Standout was Bloody Mary and Krispy Kreme bread pudding. Can't wait to visit again.Delicious!
- The blackened shrimp and grit cake was just the right touch of spicy
- The scallop sausage was delicate and the southern kimchi was unique and had the perfect amount of kick
- The beef brisket was sweet, but not too sweet, tender, and just made my mouth explode with all of the flavor.  The fries that went with it were tangy and perfectly cooked
- For dessert, the chocolate ganache terrine was amazing.  Fudgy, but not as dense and the molasses ice cream complemented it perfectly
- Service was solid, although a little slow at the beginningIn a tiny home tucked away on a side street close to Tulane exists a little piece of heaven called Boucherie. The ambience inside is warm, cozy and homey with a touch of class. There aren't that many tables in the restaurant so I'd suggest calling ahead for a reservation otherwise you might be waiting pretty long for a table. 
I went there a couple weeks ago and we really enjoyed our meal and service. The entrees ranged from 15-30 bucks and were very well sized. The pulled pork was exceptional as well as my pimms cup. I really love this place. It's great food at a much more reasonable price than some other restaurants in the area and a wonderful date place. Def recommend checking this place out.Superawesome place... Good for tapas. Duck was the best entree. Don't miss out the balls under small plates section.What a neat place! Good food, attentive service and love the location out of the main part of town. We thoroughly enjoyed and would recommendI came here on Sunday for brunch, to celebrate my friend's birthday while visiting Nola. Boucherie went out of its way to accommodate us semi-last-minute (a group of 8), and at the end of their brunch service too.
Our server Katie (sorry if I spelled your name wrong) was very attentive. We pretty much had the whole restaurant to ourselves at 2 pm, when another place where we had booked over two weeks ago told us they couldn't honor our reservation because we were running ten minutes late (annoying, but I get it).
The ambiance was perfect for a cozy brunch with friends, and the food was very good. Bloody Mary's and brunch cocktails were on point, and my neighbor's scallops were SO flavorful and perfectly prepared. My brisket benedict was above-average, and the meat was very tender, but the collards lacked seasoning. I was also stuck at the non-sharing end of the table, so I was somewhat wallowing in my plate as it was difficult to actually "share"! 
Overall this was a great spot, and I would like to thank them again for their amazing service and tasty brunch!I really loved Boucherie! The fries were amazing, the scallops melted in my mouth, and my boyfriend was very very happy with his wagyu beef brisket! I also really liked that they gave us a little amuse-bouche before dinner! I love that Boucherie hits a price point that isn't as common in New Orleans, where the entrees are $15-20 instead of the $30+ that are common in other restaurants of its quality! I definitely recommend Boucherie!
Food -- 5 stars
Price -- 4 stars 
Service -- 4.5 stars
Atmosphere -- 5 starsThe Asian-Southern fusion idea is kind of weird to me, but I ended up liking their food a lot.  The restaurant is part of an old house.  There is no Asian-ness about the house or the decor.  The ambiance is pretty comfy, as if I am dining at a friend's grandma's house.
My favorites:
* Applewood-smoked Scallops with Wasabi Green Tomato, Corn-Garlic Salsa, and Caramelized Onions
* Pulled Pork Cake with Scalloped Potato and Purple Cabbage Coleslaw
* Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie
Note: The Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie is my favorite dessert in all of New Orleans!  I always like chocolate pie, but this one had just a touch of spice that elevated my taste buds to a whole new level.
1 star off: A few Asian-Southern fusion items did not work for me.  There was a Kimchi and Cracklings amuse bouche that sounded strange together...and tasted even stranger together.  There was also a Fois Gras Biscuit that I thought was weird, too.  I have no idea how the chefs came up with those ideas.
Give me more Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie, please!Maybe my favorite meal while in NOLA. I made a reservation very easily and took an uber here (approximately 15 minutes from the French Quarter.) We had the charcuterie plate which had this amazing chicken liver mousse with a bourbon cured foie gras center and the boudin to start. The Krispy Kreme bread pudding will not disappoint you. I enjoyed everything; the service, drinks, and restaurant were a great ending to a wonderful stay.Delicious start to the day. 
Place is kind of out of the way but well worth a visit. It's a converted house kind of off the main street but the seating and atmosphere inside is pretty intimate, which seems to be a theme in this city. 
Had the Beef Brisket, very tender and delicious, though the BBQ sauce was a bit overpowering towards the end. Came with garlic fries with Parmesan cheese and truffle oil and yes, it tasted as good as it sounds, only wish it came with more. 
Mom had the scallops, they were large, fresh, and tasty, but left her feeling a bit wanting afterwards, perhaps it should come with a larger side since it's literally just 3 scallops, but the quality was there. 
Had to try to Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding, we had it a la mode and it was quite good. It didn't really remind me of Krispy Kreme Donuts but the sweetness of it was a welcome addition and gave the dish a fragrant aroma that it normally wouldn't have. 
Server was attentive and fast...the fact that it got busy after we sat down did not change this, which was nice to see. 
Well worth a trip out if visiting NOLA. Will be back next time I'm in town.I love the concept of this place, I adore the Pimm's cup, and I like most of the food. Like others noted, the boudin balls are pretty awesome. I wasn't as into the shrimp and grits. I love the samples they bring to the table. I like the "no more than $15 policy" on entrees, but they will get you on appetizers, drinks, and dessert. The chef changes up the menu periodically, so that will keep me coming back. 
On the service side, I had a randomly slightly rude waitress on the first visit. Most of the tables were empty when she told us "we are too busy to put in your appetizer order separate from the entree, I have to put them in together", then she walked off. The funny thing is we were only going to ask for a suggestion between 2 entrees (we were in fact ready to order). Then she proceeded to ignore us on several walk-bys until I had to forcefully get her attention and state that we had been ready to order for quite a while. My second experience was much better, so I don't necessarily think this is the service standard.Really enjoyed our dinner. Very nice dining atmosphere, decent prices for very good food. I don't recall the names of our dishes, but we all shared and it all tasted great!So I have been to Boucherie many times. I have had good to decent experiences but two nights ago really let me down. I implore you to try and find your consistency. The ravioli was cold in the center, the broth tasted off, the scallop sausage was super fishy, the pulled pork was dry, salty and slightly charred. Also your prices have gone up- a lot.  I just hope you can not go the way of a discovered tourist trap.The place came recommended by a local, we were excited to try it. Unfortunately, food was hit or miss. The pork chop was good, the steak undercooked and boring, the boudin tasty. The scallops had some sand in them, the bread pudding was supposed to come with rum sauce, but was fairly dry. 
The noise level was awful - two other tables treated this place like a sports bar: lots of flash photography and very loud conversations.
Service was friendly. We spent $150 there. Not again.I enjoyed this place. 
I will start by saying that it's very small, and quite loud. The later it gets, the younger the crowd gets, which means loud-ass shouting. So take that into consideration when coming to dine, and DEFINITELY have a reservation. 
The service was excellent- friendly and knowledgeable. We ordered a lot of small plates, and they ranged from excellent (grit fries and collards, pho) to okay (parmesan fries). I honestly can't remember everything we ordered, and I feel like I should be able to! 
I'd definitely go back.3.25/5 solid, but maybe a little too casual (?)
the thing i remember the most was that the flavor asked me if i wanted another glass of wine, specifically asking, "Same flavor?" ... and no, not in a joking way. i was like, uh, yes. the same red flavor (montepulciano)...weird.
went for a sorta work meeting over coolinary and had a decent meal otherwise. the appetizer was a generous portion of sausage and really could have been a disciplined dinner on its own, but that's not what coolinary is about. tables in the middle were spaced super close, which if it were more full i would imagine it gets loud..unless of course you're not talking because you're listening in on your neighboring table's conversation, which is what i'm pretty sure the one to our left was doing (rude, dear). i had the duck main which was ok, and the dessert was good.
but i think the thing i'll remember most is that question about whether i wanted the same flavor of wine, just so odd! i'll order some crayons next time, too.Boucherie served one of my all time favorite meals while in New Orleans. The meal is probably in contention for my favorite meal of all time, ever. 
The boudin balls were pretty tasty and enjoyed by everyone. I was pretty blown away by the collard greens and grit fries, however. I know it seems strange to be taken aback by a plat of collard greens, but they were really that good.
For the main dish I got the Wagyu Beef Brisket which was exceptional and cooked to perfection. I have never eaten a more tender piece of meat in my life. Unfortunately I wasn't able to save room for dessert as I was excited to try the Krispy Kreme bread pudding, but that's alright because I will be back soon to have another extraordinary meal!I've been to Boucherie twice and have been happy with the experience both times. It's a small place, so reservations are usually required though for a short wait there is also outdoor and bar seating. Staff are friendly and very efficient, everyone seems to work together really well. The bartender is a friendly, knowledgeable guy as well. The menu is somewhat limited but the food is good and the prices are incredibly reasonable for New Orleans. I think one of the things that made me give Boucherie 5 stars instead of 4 is how much I appreciate their down-to-earth and realistic approach to good food, including the prices; they make a nice meal accessible to everyone. I definitely recommend and will be back.Overall good. Appetizers were good, drinks' selection was decent and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding was yummy, however the main dish had too much going on. I think the Chef has good intentions but could keep the dishes less complex in terms of all ingredients included in them.  I would go back for appetizers and drinks but would skip the entree.Went here on a recent mid-week trip and I have to say I was pretty impressed.  It has a farmhouse-type feel. I sat at the back bar with a buddy of mine and we shared some drinks. The Br'er Rabbit packed a punch; I enjoyed the bourbon flavored with molasses. The bartender -- wish I remembered his name -- was a super friendly, bearded music producer who shared with us some of his concoctions (one of which has to be the best Dark & Stormy I've ever had). The black eyed peas small plate with caramelized onions was terrific, but what really took the cake was the krispy kreme bread pudding.We haven't been to the new location, but if it is the same, they are great! Food, and service is wonderful. We will eat there again, and soon!I don't normally go out of my way to leave a review but this place was amazing. So incredibly cheap for all that they offer. I got the lunch prix for $20 which included a mushroom consumme (sweet soup with hamachi), a bbq shrimp po-boy, and bread pudding. Everything was amazing, the service was great, very charming vibe. 100% recommend.Went for Sunday brunch and loved it. Food was well prepared and delicious.  Service was courteous and professional.  Great views of the streetcar line.Went here during our honeymoon in 2012. An unassuming converted house plays host to the most amazing restaurant. It was just so much fun eating here, every dish felt like a little surprise and something of a new discovery. You can just feel the menu changing and moving, the chef and his staff are clearly not ones to get bogged down with the same offerings all the time. Great place. The highlight of an otherwise mistaken leg of our honeymoon tour...sorry New Orleans - not a fan.My boss and I shared the boudin balls with aioli and the fries with garlic butter/parmesan. I had the grit cake for the entree and had the krispy kreme bread pudding afterwards. Everything was good - I took the bread pudding to go and shared with some of my co-workers; otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to finish it because it was so sweet. How you can not love donuts on top of an already sweet bread pudding, though? There's no parking around because it's right across the street from where the streetcars park, so beware of that.Two lunches, two great experiences. Jasmine tea was a nice change of pace. First time, duck confit poor boy was excellent...the bread alone is the best jumping-off point ever! Duck confit is such an intense and decadent dish, our server suggested a couple spritzes of the "table vinegar" to add a nice counterpoint to the richness of the duck. Second trip, duck tenderloin bahn mi---pattern emerging with the duck!!--2 dirty Tito's martinis (on point!), culminating with Krispy Kreme bread pudding a la mode. Brian is a wonderful server, even handling some tipsy "ladies of a certain age" with grace and patience. Chill atmosphere, interesting and tasty food,coupled with very reasonably prices will keep me coming back.Four foodie friends in New Orleans for Christmas vacation came here on the recommendation of my cousin. We had a wonderful dinner. Started with boudin balls, then starters of shrimp and grit cakes, collards and grit fries (amazing), arugala salad, grilled romaine ceasar, then apple cheddar soup, pork ribs, seared pork cake, and gnocchi. Krispy Kreme bread pudding and chocolate chess pie for dessert. Everything was great. Reservations recommended (almost required). Get out of the quarter and come here for dinner!The brunch crew definatley enjoyed this venue.  The BBQ brisket was the best. 2nd was Pork Tenderloin.  The service and staff were great.  We look forward to returning.Food was Amazing. We had the collard greens and grit fries.... Outstanding. We had the boudin balls, loved and the duck confit, great. Molly was our server she was spot on with the recommendations, and was very attentive along with the others who helped. Desert was one of the best I've had.. Chocolate ganache.... Omg fantastic. Defiantly recommend this place to all.Maybe I came in expecting too much, but Boucherie wasn't my favorite meal in New Orleans. Service was excellent, but my food left a little to be desired.All of the dishes we had, with the exception of the flounder, was excellent. This is what New Orleans dining is all about!This is a great restaurant with a nice buzz! It's a little smaller than one might expect, so consider making reservations either online or by phone. Several waiters worked together during my visit which I thought was nice and efficient. The restaurant served a palette refresher prior to the meal to "awaken the tastebuds." I imagine that this is probably different each day. (It's a surprise on a teaspoon. Mine consisted of cranberries, a pumpkin seed and tarragon.) The menu changes monthly which makes the dining experience more enjoyable and interesting. Most importantly, the food is exceptional!I brought a date here last week and spent $100 plus. The food was excellent. The service was subpar. The waitress was regurgitating the special and the recommendations (no smile; she was not simpática). I was repulsed when the waitress brought me the check before I asked for it. I felt like they were kicking me out. I still tipped 20%. I will not be coming back because I do not like feeling like I am being kicked out when I go eat.This would not be my normal stop for eats especially in NOLA, but I'm glad I did!! "It was interesting" is the best way I can put. Chefs here take their profession to the next level and then give it TWIST! 
The food and service was outstanding! Excellcent spot for a date or place to bring out-of-town friends. Keep in mind that the establishment itself is very small, so seating Larger than 6 parties could be an issues. 
As a Tip: it is BYOBW (Bring Own Your Bottle of Wine).Clean, contemporary, crisp, well thought out restaurant. This place was away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter and you wouldn't know how good it was from outside. Small building with about 20-22 table tops and a small bar. We drove by it the first time. Good service, fun, contemporary, unique menu. Best overall meal we had while in New Orleans and highly recommended.Excellent in every way!! Ambiance, cocktails, food and staff just keep getting better! Small and comfortable, but with a great buzz!!My sis and I had a wonderful time! Everyone who worked there was gracious and helpful. Our server steered us in the right direction right off the bat. He let us know the most popular and his favorite. Everything was great from the fries to the snapper and duck to the Krispy Kreme donut bread pudding. Service is excellent! Small place, make a reservation !Ambiance was quaint southern feel in a house.
Cozy seating with enough room between tables.
I ordered the pan seared scallops cooked to perfection. It was served with some cucumber marinated in a chili oil, all on top of a bed of sauce which was creamy, more for dipping the scallops. 
The bread pudding was delectable. The Krispy creme donuts used showed through in top and crunchy, was sweeter than most puddings.Had a great meal at Boucherie. I ordered the boudin balls, fries, duck confit and smoked wagyu beef brisket. Finished off the meal with krispy kreme bread pudding. Loved it.We had reservations here the other night for 6 of us.  I had been here before and had a great experience, so i was super excited.  They sat us at a table that was really meant for 4 or 5.  We were crammed in and extremely uncomfortable, and we aren't big people.  It took them about 10 minutes to ask us if we wanted a drink.  Way too long in my opinion.  Our knees all smashed against each others.  The small plates we ordered were extremely underwhelming.  We all sorta looked at each other across the table and shrugged our shoulders.  Not Impressed.  i got the brisket and fries, which was good.  Their fries here are pretty amazing.  My husband and another friend got the pork cake and thought it was ok.  2 of the 3 desserts we ordered were really good.  The white chocolate strawberry dessert and the krispy cream bread pudding.  Maybe it was an off night.  Won't be going back anytime soon.This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans; I always take guests here if we have time. There is nothing on the menu that isn't good, but I am a huge fan of the Smoked Wagyu Beef Brisket with Garlicky Parmesan Fries. The meat is so tender and has a delicious flavor. And you can't go wrong with french fries! Their Saint Louis Style Niman Ranch Pork Ribs are my second favorite. They will let you substitute (if you are picky like me and love fries with everything). Also, the servers always bring around an appetizer/small plate to try before ordering.Haven't been there for a while so we tried it again this week...
And it was....AWESOME!
Walking through the door, the first thing that hits you about Boucherie is the coziness and charm of this little jewel of a restaurant! 
For our meal, we started with our "go to" appetizer, the boudin balls. Just as delicious as we remembered! 
Then we moved on to two more of our usual stand-by's - the pulled pork and brisket entrees. Also quite delicious!
And finally we had the thai chili chocolate chess pie for dessert. I love the flavor combination of the sweet chocolate and the heat of the thai chili. YUM O!
We love this place and it has become one of our favorite restaurants in the city!
Highly recommend it!
PS
It was great to hear from our server that Chef Zimet is back at work (at least part-time) and is recovering from his injuries.  :)Yelp says it best: As good as it gets. There are other places in NoLa that might get more hype or are seen as being hotter, but if you want amazingly high quality food and service, look no further than Boucherie. 
      On a recent visit here I opted to order just small plates. Wow. The small plates were all stellar- a sashimi dish with 4 different types of amazing kimchi, blacked grit cakes with fresh gulf shrimp, and boudin balls with garlic aioli. Every dish was unique, perfectly spiced, perfectly cooked/prepared. I was blown away by how excellent everything was. 
     It's also rare that a restaurant spends as much time on their beer list as their wine list. Boucherie has an extremely impressive tap list with beer from local nano breweries such as Parish and Gnarly Barley to rare esoteric brews from Bruery and other far flung places. I topped my meal off with an ultra rare barleywine from Bruery in California. But, before that I had some amazing brews from Parish with my meal. 
    I chose not to order dessert in lieu of my digestif beer. But, next time....... I'll have to order that chocolate thai chili chess pie or the krispy kreme doughnut bread pudding. I saw many orders come out from the kitchen, they looked amazing!!!!
    Beyond their food, they have incredible service with a very "team" oriented approach to serving patrons. I was served by multiple staff members, but everyone knew what was going, what I needed, and the pacing of the dishes and drinks. It was telepathic. These folks know what they're doing, and they do it well! You'll be in amazing hands here. 
   I can't wait to come back here to eat. If you're in NoLa and want to escape the tourist traps and want to experience some contemporary NoLa inspired cuisine, I say look no further than Boucherie!!!!!My last day in New Orleans, once a city I called home more than 10 years ago, and it was raining, cold, and trafficky- all I needed was a nice warm meal and a roof over my head.  I stumbled upon this place just before 3 pm, and although the kitchen closes at 3, they accommodated me.  I wanted something light and tasty, and that was just what I got.  I ordered 2 small plates- the charred caesar salad and the shrimp with blackened grit cakes, and both of these dishes were phenomenal.  I've really never tasted a caesar salad quite like that- the tangy flavor of the dressing still dances on my mind's tongue.  They also served me an amuse bouche of some kind of magical garlicky soup that was super tasty!   Everything was so good that I wished I had ordered something more... I highly recommend this place!  
The atmosphere is warm and cozy with only 12 or so tables, service was friendly and thoughtful, conveniently just off the streetcar line and there is plenty of room for street parking as well.  Such a charming, delicious little place.  If I'm back in town any time soon, I will definitely revisit you and make sure I get there well ahead of kitchen closing time!  :)  Thank you for a wonderful dining experience!We went back to see the new place for lunch. It has a different feel since the old location was like dining in a older NO home. This one is more modern and a bit noisey. Food was inventive and good. The kitchen or service coordination was a problem since the wait on our small plate and later our sandwiches was too long. Our sandwiches seemed like they were sitting for a while since they were almost room temperature, not good for a hot sandwich. I hope this is just a stumble since we really liked the old place.Boucherie came out on top as the best restaurant I visited during my week long trip to Nola.  The space is small and inviting, and although folks did seem to pile up at the door, they were greeted and offered a beverage.  
Service was friendly and attentive, making sure dishes came out at a good pace.  Cocktails were spot on, nothing pretentious, just straight forward flavors and solid combos.  I appreciated how they paid homage to classics like the mint julip and sazerac, while inserting innovation, and at $9, they can't be beat for the quality.
I was most impressed with how they took lesser cuts of meat and transformed them into flavorful, comforting dishes, that we also very affordable.  In fact, just about everything was very affordable.  The wine list is solid, plenty of well made choices that clearly are built to pair with the menu, and if you had any trouble navigating a pairing, James is there to help.  Not to mention if you have a special bottle to bring from home, corkage is only $5!  Good call. 
Blackened shrimp & Grit cake***
Boudin balls with garlic aioli*****
Collard greens and Grit fries*****
Shrimp bisque w/ smoked shrimp*****
Fries with garlic and parm****
Smoked brisket****
St. Louis Ribs w/ brown butter cauliflower*****
Zaatar duck breast with bulgar pilaf***
The shrimp bisque was off the charts and most certainly the highlight next to the ribs.  All moderate size quantities, and considering the price, very fair.
You'd be remiss not to visit Boucherie when you get the chance, and I hope that it makes it to the top of your NOLA restaurant list as it did mine.The GF and I had been meaning to go here and kept forgetting then finally came here for lunch recently and we had an absolutely lovely time.
It's a very small restaurant  maybe 10-12 tables total,  has a really small 3 or 4 seat bar.  We were greeted right away with terrific service, ole boy briefed us on the daily specials, took our drinky drink orders...  we're doing good.
Had the boudin appetizers and they were delish.  Couple cocktails, feelin good.  Had the seared yellowtail tuna salad lunch special and it was a #1 booty smash hit.  My GF had the dry-aged beed cheeburger cheeburger special which came with tater tots, I had some of it, it was very good also.
We really did have a lovely time here, I was just tickled.
Excited to return.Simply amazing. Service, food, and drink we're all outstanding. We had the crawfish falafel, redfish, and dry aged steak, as well as their sazerac and johnny 99 cocktails. All finished off with a delightful--but not too indulgent--chocolate chess pie.I sincerely wanted to love this place. We saw the Chef/Owner on an episode of Chopped (mine and my boyfriend's favorite show!) And were excited to finally give it a try. Our experience started out fine. Our reservation was for 5:30PM and we were the first customers to enter the restaurant. Our drink orders were taken in a timely manner but that's where the positive experience ended. Three tables who came in after us ordered their entrees before we were able to place ours. Our drinks were consistently empty. Appetizers- we ordered the Bourdin Balls and a Cesar Salad which were very good. Entrees- we ordered the Tomahawk Pork Chop (which was excellent), Beef Brisket and Duck Breast (when these 2 dishes arrived- the brisket and duck breast were luke warm at best) and had to be sent back. The second try was more successful. However, my father was forced to eat his entree by himself as my boyfriend and I waited 15 minutes for our replacement meals to arrive. I must say that this would have been redemption if they would have offered a round of drinks on the house, a dessert, something to make up for this experience. Nothing was offered besides a quick apology from our server. Not that I expect anything when I have to send 2 out of 3 entrees back when they are luke warm- it would have helped to bring this review up to a 3 star. Regardless, I am unsure if I will give this establishment another try.My meal here from beginning to end was nothing short of amazing. I started with the boudin balls which were spicy tangy goodness, then moved on to the jerk chicken which was smoked with a subtle jerk seasoning, delicious. I finished up the meal with the melt-in-your-mouth Krispy Kreme bread pudding topped with the house-made vanilla ice cream. Rarely do I find a restaurant where all courses are on such an equally high level.Finally tried Boucherie after hearing rave reviews and sure enough, it was sublime.  Cute location (we made dinner reservations because it's a compact restaurant) and nice mellow vibe.  The waitstaff was thorough and the sous chef (who came out to see how the meal was going) was friendly, knowledgeable and excited about the food they were sending out.  Posted a few photos so the differences in the wide array of fare can be witnessed.  Where else can you get grits and greens as well as kimchi and sashimi?  Fascinating mix of southern staples with an exotic flair.  The menu consists of protein to the nth degree so it's nice to have so many small plates to share.  Getting the flavors from multiple meat dishes is divine.  Wine was superb, cocktails were fresh and light - classic New Orleans drinks with inventive names.  Would recommend trying Boucherie ~A lot of unique dishes on the menu that we were excited to try. Everything was good, nothing especially great. The garlic French fries were the best part of the meal!Food was ok drinks were great..overall service was ok 
Arrived at lunch seemed a little empty but overall experience was okWe brought our family there, 3 adults and 2 well behaved children. Despite the availability of appropriate seating, we were placed at a small 4 person table and expected to fit the 5 year old on a lap. We ordered 2 appetizers and 5 of plates food and drinks. There was clearly not enough room on the table for it and very little effort was made to clear dishes away as we finished. This restaurant is described as family friendly, but on seeing our family, the wait staff seemed to want to make our dining experience as deliberately difficult as possible. We did not complain. We ate, paid and left. The food was ok, but the place was too loud for a reasonable level of conversation. I would not recommend the experience to anyone.This was the meal worth suffering the previous nights overblown celebrity chef's expense account meal.  Boucherie is a gem of a small restaurant. Service is comfortable, the food divine. Had sweet potato and oyster soup for starter. Great mix of creaminess of the oysters and the subtle bite of the soup. Had smoked brisket for main. Melted under the fork, lovely flavor. Parm fries as the side were also full of complimentary flavors. Krispy creme bread pudding with coffee ice cream was too good to pass up for finish. Loved the atmosphere, loved the food.Hands down, the best food for the money in New Orleans. This is high-end, world class cooking, and while the prices are not cheap, given the quality they feel almost inappropriately low. If I recall, the most expensive plate was $18. No complaints here.
Our party of six (including three children) shared a series of about seven dishes. Highlights for me were the ribs and the scallops. We had a chance to talk to the kitchen, and it turns out that part of why they are so tasty is that they are smoked--and in the case of the scallops, with chilled smoke--which exemplifies the care with which everything here is prepared. Ribs at some restaurants are "slow cooked" to the point they are slimy, incoherent and mostly fat on bone--which the menu will generously describe as "tender." Not so at Boucherie. The ribs are meaty, toothsome and exploding with flavor, cooked to the edge of perfection.
Dessert was an almost invasively provocative bread pudding made with donuts, and a swiss roll that set a new bar in my palateal history for the perfect intersection of flavor and texture in a desert.
The pricing here is accessible, and it's a bit out of the way, which makes it a favorite of locals. Reservations are a must. A few days after we went here I happened to overhear a barista at a Starbucks on the other side of the city mention to a friend that she'd gone with her boyfriend the night before to celebrate the day after Valentine's day. Any day would be a good day for Boucherie.
I don't think this is a good place for kids unless they are a bit older than our three year old, but she did admirably, and nobody gave us dirty looks. The restaurant is small--maybe 60 seats--and it feels intimate. It's warm and medium-loud and a great spot for a date or a party of four.The Kings of pulled pork cake. If you haven't been...go now.  If you're still reading you're wasting time.  Run!!!Recommended by Fodors and they are very reliable so we ate here while visiting New Orleans. Food is excellent...brisket, chicken were perfect and full of flavor. Unfortunately the service wasn't up to par with the food. Seemed as though there was only one server taking orders and the rest of the staff were runners. Hard for a server to keep up with the waters,etc when having to deal with so many tables! Our reservation was at 7:30 and very few in the restaurant but between 8:30 and 9:00 pm they were slammed with guests! Felt very sorry for the kitchen staff as 3 out of 4 of our orders were correct but one was a mistake and they had to fire it on the fly and still took a good 10 minutes to get. Would go back for the food but service organization could be improved.Simply action packed meat-loving fun! The brisket and tartare knocked my socks off and the sazerac does not suck. Great New Orleans neighborhood atmosphere and outstanding service. Not cheap, but certainly worth every penny. I'll be back as soon as I can.All I can say is KRISPY KREME BREAD PUDDING! I visited NOLA for spring break and went here specifically for dessert. There were so many food options in the city I had to break my meals up to be able to try more restaurants. We ordered the Krispy Kreme bread pudding for an after dinner dessert with vanilla ice cream and it didn't disappoint. It was rich, but not unbearable and so full of flavor. They really enhanced my Krispy Kreme dining experience.The place is tiny with only a few tables. It was a weekend, so already fully booked. However, my friend and I showed up early to get a seat at the bar. The bar only seats 4 people, so show up early if you don't have a reservation.  
The bartender was friendly and made delicious drinks. The Pimm's cup I ordered was refreshing.  I ate the scallops for the main entree.  It was great, but my friend ordered the jerked duck, which I tried a bit of.  It was really delicious and I think I'd order the duck next time!
For such good food, the prices are quite reasonable. You might want to dress up just a bit to dine there, however. Seems like a nice place for couples to have a romantic dinner!