Came here for the oysters three ways, but they no longer offer the dish. This was one of the best dishes in the quarter.  I enjoyed the frozen milk punch.  The chargrilled oysters were above average, but the gumbo was terrible.  Lacked flavor and was barely warm.  I suspect they use gelatin to thicken it. Just awful!   A friend ordered the corn and crab soup and was very disappointed as well. After spending $140, I was very disappointed.  I used to suggest this place to friends and family visiting, but I don't think I'll be doing that going forward. 
This place used to be incredible, but has severely gone downhill. Terrible representation of creole food. I hate to leave this review Bc I worked at a Brennan's restaurant well over a decade ago. 
Bring back those oysters three ways and get back to the drawing board with your current gumbo recipe!We ordered raw and charbroiled oysters. The charbroiled was the worst I ever had. Should of waited online at acme or FelixThe drinks are well priced and that's honestly really good.  So yeah I would for sure recommend it. Get a drink it's well priced.I will never forget the squash blossoms stuffed with crab in a floral tinged butter sauce. One of the best things I've eaten in my life. Pricey meal but worth it. And the bourbon...Wonderful atmosphere !!  Sat in bar area, nice selection of assortment of items on the menu in addition to massive bourbons.  Ordered raw & chargrilled oysters - close rival to Acme Oysters!! (Shorter line at the bar)I'm giving one star because despite the lackluster service, the oysters were delicious.   However, what disappointing hospitality.  Yes, our reservation was for 3 people at 4 pm.  But the fuss they made at the front of house at our request to add two friends was embarrassing.  The restaurant had 3/4 of the tables open, and adding 2 more people to our big table shouldn't have been an "impossibility".  Really? The place was dead.  Total disregard to the big picture...these wait folks obviously aren't inspired to treat the restaurant as there own. Bourbon House...train your people to be more hospitable!Went with my wife for a board dinner in a private room with a fixed menu. Service was great. We had to leave early due to wife not being well. Packed our food for us and I was able to eat when we returned to hotel. When a meal is still tasty when cold I can only imagine when it was hot. Look forward to trying again on our next trip.Although it's pricey, I have never had a better charbroiled oyster in my life! We got them topped with crab meat literally heaven in your mouth!!! My husband is a big bourbon guy so that's why we stopped and the bar tenders are very knowledgeable and friendly! They know their bourbon for sure! If charbroiled oysters are your thing you must try these!Soooo good I wish we came here on first day crab lasagna, oysters with crab on top, excellent staff and deserts to make your head spin don't miss this place I loved it
Moe and Frank are fantastic thank you JesusMy girlfriend and I came here on a Saturday night because the line was too long for Acme Oyster bar next door.  Not surprisingly, Bourbon House did not have a line.  The food was below average (I had the Fried Seafood Platter and bread pudding for dessert).  The service was extremely slow.  Although the atmosphere was really nice, the ambiance does not make up for the horrible food.Make sure you make reservations for dinner.  Do not go for lunch, it's a totally different experience.  Their wine list is unbelievable and so are their boubons/scotchs'.  The interior is wonderful with a winding staircase.  The bar is a great dark rich wood, which just adds so much class.  The service is the best you will get next to BRENNANS.
Seafood is fresh, and the prices aren't too bad.  Give this place a chance, and you won't regret it.Food was good but not great. We weren't wowed by it. Service was great though, especially considering how busy it was for new years and the sugar bowl.I'd been here before for dinner and did not have a memorable experience either way. In other words, nothing stood out as exceptionally good or exceptionally bad.
I went back with a group for brunch on Sunday, and it was, without a doubt, the worst brunch experience I've had in New Orleans. I ordered the Fisherman's Breakfast- basically catfish, potatoes, and poached eggs. Two other friends ordered meals with poached eggs. All of our poached eggs came back completely cooked solid all the way through. The poached egg white was hard as a rock and the yolk inside resembled a hard-boiled egg.
Two of us made the comment that we had never sent food back before. This was our first time. When sending it back, we commented that the eggs were not poached and had instead boiled through all the way. It was our hope that this was just an oversight. However, when they came back out, the eggs were done the exact same way- cooked all the way through like a boiled egg. Put simply, the taste and texture was disgusting.
It was remarkable to me that a restaurant would charge $17-18 for a brunch dish and was completely incapable of poaching an egg. The cook had 12 attempts (3 of us sent our eggs back and we each had 2 "poached" eggs) and none of the 12 eggs were anything close to being poached.
On a positive note- the drinks were good, especially the milk punch. I'd recommend going for drinks, but if you're looking for food (especially brunch) don't even consider this place.Best oysters ever! Get the charbroiled oysters with jumbo lump crab meat. They will literally melt in your mouth. Awesome!!We were in New Orleans for the night and wanted a good place to eat. Fellow Yelpers suggested Bourbon House. I was not disappointed. The food was excellent. I went for the boar since i never had it before. I will definitely go there again the next time i am in New OrleansVery good food. Staff was very over the top. Request waiters Noah & Antonio and you'll be very well taken care of.The Bourbon House is amazing. Loved it! Every dish we ordered was perfect. Venison chops...perfect medium rare. Grilled oysters with crab...perfectly seasoned. Sautéed shrimp, steaks, cheese cake with creole seasoning, blackout cake, pecan pie, endive cups with bacon and Gorgonzola...it was all perfect. Tom was our captain and he was friendly, knowledgeable and professional. The entire staff was flawless. I was blown away by the courteous and professional treatment we received. I wish I could give them 10 stars. I will definitely be coming back.I would have given them 5 because the food was wonderful. I had the red fish on the half shell and I almost made myself sick because I ate every bite. Wish I had it now. My husband had the Seafood platter which he said was also very good. We were there for our anniversary and I had planned to get a dessert but the service was lousy. We could not get the guys attention and he never offered to bring us more water when we were out.  They were not busy at all so there was no reason for this. Also we were seated in the back as if we were hidden, don't know why we don't look or dress like bums. My husband got so annoyed with the lack of service so as soon as we finished the meal he told the hostess who walked by to get him to bring the bill so no dessert or milk punch :(Service was great. Mixed drinks were awesome. Raw oysters were delicious. Charbroiled oysters were disappointing. Crouton on the Caesar salad was hard and stale. Redfish had the scales on it and would get into every few bites. Combo seafood was bland, shrimp were over battered and over cooked, oysters were small and dry, fish was ok but not seasoned. Overall very disappointing considering the prices. I'm a local and feel this is a tourist trap and way over rated. There is much better food at other restaurants and for much less cost. Overall I would not recommend except for drinks and raw oysters and that's the only reason it gets a 2 star.We had dinner on our last night in town, it was terrible(May 24). We order crab and corn soup, it should be called the corn soup with crab flavoring. I ordered the paneed  veal with crab and my husband ordered the catfish. The veal was thick, dry with no sauce and the catfish was not fresh. I ordered a sangria which was nothing short of white wine with club soda a slice of a apple and a tiny tiny piece of strawberry for 12.00. They should be ashamed of themselves.  It was terrible. The drink waitress was nice. The food waitress was rude and made faces. What a waste of time and money.Hotel food. Nice atmosphere and we had good service.  Some of the good was good and some was really bad. The red fish was pretty good. Corn crab soup was good. The shrimp were so over cooked and old they were mush and couldn't even be peeled. Really disgusting.  The filet was tender buy it was so over seasoned and over tenderized it was borderline mushy itself. The people across the table had a steak that was so over cooked it had no pink left at all. Wasn't a bad meal but wasn't a good meal either and I sure wouldn't come back. This was hotel food just shoved out to feed the masses.The food was over priced for the quality.  The wait was forty five minutes to be seated.  Furthermore, the service was substandard, once our server took the ordet we had to wait thirty minutes more for our oder to be placed on the table  and the food was cold.  I would not recommend this restaurant. I suggest the management at the restaurant execute  quality assuance and quality control.I certainly did not enjoy dining in at this place. First of all let me start with the waiter service, I saw him twice during our entire stay. Once for the order and then when he came by to give the bill . I do understand when restaurants are busy but still the waiter should have came checked on us and see how we doing and how was the food. He walked by so many times and not even a glance at us. The oysters we ordered came out cold . Then when we left we complained to the manager about the whole experience and all she said sorry !!! Really ... How about let me make it up on you please come back and see us . Here is a complimentary plate .... Just a sorry !!! Well sorry but I will never come back .Don't judge this place by the entrance. The back dining area is beautiful and quiet. The service was exceptional- the recommendations on both food and drink were excellent, and everything was delicious. Crab cake was huge and the alligator bites ate perfect for those who don't mind a more gamey tasting meat. The drinks are pricey but well made. Overall excellent place for a quiet and delicious dinner, and don't forget to get a frozen bourbon milk to end your meal, so tasty!Acme had a line that crossed the block and we weren't about to wait in that mess. Bourbon looked to be our best option for the fast fresh oysters and they absolutely were heaven! 
The restaurant boasts in ample seating, and its tempting to sit in the pretty dining area but I find grabbing a seat at the bar is best. In case you get bored, you can watch a few guys shuck dem' oysters right up front.  Oysters caviar vs Oysters chargrilled, the oyster caviar won out with freshness. Chargrilled is something I've yet to get used to and find it a little heavy masking. And if oysters ain't your thing there are plenty of other southern items on the menu. Even a vegetarian would find something delicious to eat here.  This is an ideal place if your looking for more of a nice sit down place for a large group rather than waiting in line and cramming it to the bar.Very disappointing service!! So much I do not regret my decision to not come back. I had visitors from out of town. When they brought bread out we had no plates and since they were never brought upon asking, I went and got some. The three of us each ordered the chargrilled oysters which ALL came out cold. On top of that, I asked twice for bread (which should be served with them) and ended up getting up again to go get some. The whole time, our waiters (one for food, another for drinks), never came by after we initially ordered until it was time to pick up our plates and give us the tab. However, another table got so much attention that a girl who was very cold got a table linen or shawl to cover her shoulders! I am sure they both knew how bad it was since I asked for the manager and that person didn't come.  Once again, I had to get the manager myself, who only offered a simple sorry. All of this was extremely out of place for this establishment, but I'll take my guests to Katie's from now on. Really too bad, I liked their oysters. A me' sis probably ur best bet in the FQ.Service is top notch. The food was also very good. Real New Orleans food in a very nice environment. I had the bbqshrimp Po boy, and the flavour was fantastic.I love the Bourbon House! The service is great and the food is some of the best in the city. If you're in the back bar Sunshine is sure to put a smile on your face, and if you're fortunate enough to have Ashante as a server you'll have the best service that you've had in New Orleans. They're great. They all are great! The food is awesome and the service can't be beat. What more could you ask for?This place is the worst. I came here with a large party and was required to pay $47 to eat. However I can't have gluten and was told my option for an entree was a vegetable platter only. For dessert I got a few strawberries. This was after being told by the party coordinator beforehand that I could order anything off of the regular menu. I also was required to pay cash for my drink and waited over 35 minutes to receive it. I would never ever return.My wife and I loved Bourbon House! The food was amazing and the staff were equally as amazing. Our waiter Scott was very helpful,  prompt and constantly making sure we were taken care of. Best service we've had in a long time. Highly recommend trying the bourbon bbq shrimp (the sauce is to die for) and the ribeye steak is one of the best I've ever had. Finish the meal with their bourbon milk punch, very goodWe stopped in for appetizers and drinks.  The restaurant is really beautiful and we sat at the bar so we could chat with other customers. The BBQ shrimp was really yummy.   Bourbon House serves it shelled with just the tails on which made it easy to eat.  We also had the calamari which was well done.  Not too chewy, very fresh.  The best part was the Bourbon flight tasting.  The bartender was very helpful with suggesting which flights to taste.  They do have a happy hour, we were just finishing when it started and the place quickly filled up.Charbroiled oyster and the oyster w/ local caviar are out of this world.....try them with a Angel's Envy on the rocksPlease drop in here and have the same thing I ordered I'll be back needless 2 say money out off top mouth wateringThe food was mediocre, but the staff was very attentive. The corn and crab meat soup was very good.The food here was so overrated IMO. We went here for Thanksgiving and I got the turducken and it was not that great. I found two hairs in my food - gross! Everything was super greasy and not a fan at all.  The prices were ridiculous and it was by far the worst food we had in nola - super pricey and overrated.The food was great especially the oysters. I suggest the halfshell redfish. But the service was horrific. Waiting 2.5 hours for our entrees only because the waiter forgot to put in our order and he came up 2.5 hours later asking if everything was fine. No its not fine I would like my order please. Our waiter was a total douche on top of that after requesting the manager, he responded with in a perfect world you would have received it earlier but what can I do idk comp our food maybe a discount something from keeping me to write this horrible experience in your restaurant.Food was not anything special. And I mean that with all of my heart! What made the experience worst was having a waitress like Alex (server captain) be so unpleasant and rude towards all of her tables. Yes- we unfortunately had her. We thought that it was just our table that she was giving attitude to, because we asked for tiny forks for the oysters, but we watched her tell her patrons at the table next to us "we'll, I was in the kitchen and I watched them make it, so i don't know what to tell ya!" when they shared their disappointment on the oysters. 
Don't know if she was just having a bad day, but people with that attitude should just stay away from the hospitality field.Stopped by for a quick bite and a drink before leaving New Orleans. The selection of bourbon is astounding, the wait staff helpful, polite, but not intrusively attentive. Drinks were top notch, but the appetizers stole the show. We shared chargrilled oysters and the crab fingers--just incredible and worth going back if only for that.The first place we ate after getting settled  in the city ..... I ordered the crab fingers appetizer.... I expected claws of a snow crab but got the claws of a regular crab.... so sad...
Although it was not what I wanted or expected I ate it..... surprise it was actually tasty....basically crab soaking in butter,  herbs and garlic .....  
my mother ordered the fried shrimp and fries and was unhappy with the flavor since it was nonexistent.... just shrimp coated in batter....  ugh!!!Bourbon and fresh seafood. 
Two of my favorite things on earth. 
A dream come true for me, and it mostly delivered... 
Okay, the bourbon flights were awesome. Got to try new bourbons I'd never had before. Mmmm. 
The huge and pricey Le Grand Plaeaux de Fruits de Mer (a selection of fresh shucked Louisiana Oysters, Gulf Shrimp, Seasonal Seafood Salad, Crab Fingers & Maine Lobster Tails) should have been amazing but unfortunately the Crab Fingers were totally overcooked. 
We said something to the server about it and she retrieved the manager right away. He came over and said that he could tell just by looking at the crab that it was overcooked. He apologized. We asked for another run of it. This time they came back, better, but still not perfect, as it should have been for the price. 
We also ordered a trio of baked oysters (OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER, BIENVILLE, FONSECA) and they were DELICIOUS! 
The service is weird in that you get 2 different servers, and there is some hierarchy there, which was weird, and they wear different clothes based upon this hierarchy, but it worked out fine. 
Good southern hospitality too.Sit at the oyster bar and have some raw ones, visit with the shuckers and of course a Bourbon Milk Punch.  Can't be beat.SERVICE (3/5 Stars)
FOOD (4/5 Stars)
I visited some friends in New Orleans for Halloween weekend and we decided to have a late lunch here (around 2 pm) on Saturday.  The quarter was busy, but the restaurant had a TON of empty tables, a TON!  We didn't mind waiting 30 minutes though- we just grabbed a drink at the bar.  
We had 3-4 waiters for our table, which I thought would equate to amazing service. I had to BEG for water- (surprise, I was hung over in New Orleans). It took me over 45 minutes after sitting at the table to get a glass of water.  
We had 6 at our table so we tried and shared many things on the menu. All the food was good- but probably nothing to write home about.Stopped in here for a later light lunch so we just got apps/salads, but everyone was pleased with their food. The cobb salad was pretty much a cobb salad, but it's nice it came with deviled eggs versus just plain chopped. We got fried oysters as an add on to the salad and they were amazing. Great quality and so fresh tasting! Crab fingers were very tasty and I kept having to take more of the french bread to soak up the sauce. Speaking of soaking up sauce, the BBQ sauce on the shrimp appetizer is amazing, and I settled for merely dipping bread in what was remaining, though I was sorely tempted to just eat it up with a spoon. It's a very thin sauce but don't let that fool you, it's packed with flavor.
If back in NOLA I'd stop here again and try some of the entrees (and hopefully it will be warmer so I'll be more in the mood to try the bourbon milk punch). The atmosphere is nice and relaxed and it's definitely a welcome break from the craziness of Bourbon St. Additionally, they were kind enough to be very gracious about our wanting to stay a bit after we were done to finish watching the half of the football game.Fun!  High ceilings, loud bistro environment. The crab fingers were delightful. Order two as entree.  I'd go back.Yes yes yes yes yes. The best po'boy I've ever had in my entire life.  I ordered the BBQ shrimp po'boy and it's out of this world.  The BBQ sauce is not what you'd expect - it's so much better.  It's buttery and delicious and I'm not sure what else to say about it.  I will be dreaming about it for years to come.Amazing food and drinks. Great location right in the middle of the French Quarter. They have balcony dining which I would have loved to take part in, but it was raining! :(Started out nice however the service was horrid. They have 4 different people waiting on each table and we still had to wait and wait for everything. I ordered white wine and was delivered a blush. They took it back and then brought my drink Had to ask again for it. Second person at table ordered a drink and then we waited another 30 minutes for it. Food finally came and we asked for a few sauces and they never came. All the while there are like 5 servers standing around no one ever came and asked how the food was or if we needed anything which of course we did. My meal ended up getting cold as I had to wait a half hour for the sauce I needed. One server took two empty beers from the table never asked if he could get them another. Horrible. Will not be back and we love New Orleans.First time at Bourbon House and it was a TERRIBLE experience from beginning until we left! Made reservations a week in advanced for 12PM, arrived and was notified that half of the party had to br there to be seated. I then asked the hostess twice when they arrive, we will be seated immediately correct? Hostess said correct. After half of party arrived a few mins after 12, we STILL HAD TO WAIT 45 minutes to be seated! They gave our table up to another party that didn't have a reservation. Talked to the Manager, and Manager could care less! Took 25 mins before we got to place our order, AND also took 1 hour to receive our food! On top of that the food was TERRIBLE! Should have left after waiting to place our order! Waiter was rude and unprofessional. Making obscene comments about the women at the table. Oysters were small, Management did nothing. Salad was plain and overly priced for that. OVERALL TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE FROM SERVICE TO FOOD AND EVERYTHING IN BETWEEN. NEVER RETURNING TO THIS RESTURANT!! WOULD HIGHLY NOT RECOMMEND DINING HERE!!!I know it's Bourbon St and it's been here a long time but it still hits the right spots. Oysters at the bar were shucked to order and so fresh tasting you almost get wet. Came in with large group and they handled us perfectly in spite of our own caos generated. Great apps that were shared and all very tasty and fresh. seafood is among some of the best in NOLA. Won't go wrong trying this one out.I had fish with lump crab meat on top and it was delicious! The Sangria was fantastic and refreshing.My waiter recommended my meal and drink and was professional and polite.Service was slow at first but they made up the time on our wait. Nice and roomy restaurant. The menu doesn't have much but the Bourbon list is outrageous!  All in all, great! We'll be back.Skip this place. 
Our night at the Bourbon House was letdown after letdown. First, we gave our name to the host at 8pm and they said it was going to be a 45 min wait and they'd text us when it would be ready. We didn't get a text at 8:45 so we decided to head back and see what the deal is, and good thing we did, because they seated us right then, and we actually received their text at 10:30!!! Wow what a mess-up. 
Next- we order fried calamari, crab crusted fish, and some other kind of fish entree. Our food took an hour and a half to be served. This was absolutely ridiculous. Waiters offered us a drink on the house but this did not make up for our agonizing pangs of hunger. 
Once it came, the food was not better than average. Small portions and mediocre taste. It was quite underwhelming. 
Our servers didn't check up on us to see how we were doing. 
I expected better ... wish we had dinner elsewhere.Flavor of the food was above average.  I had the veal, my husband had the tuna.  Both were tasty and served beautifully but a little on the cold side when received. Oyster trio was very good as well as the cream brûlée. Being right on Bourbon St., the location is convenient and it was easy to get a seat. When it's summer in New Orleans it's hot and sticky. You might expect clientele to be hot, tired and underdressed for the occasion. The restaurant is upscale and the waitstaff a tad pretentious.  There was a single lady in the booth next to us and she wanted to move to a seat by the window.  The restaurant was pretty empty, so you wouldn't think it a problem.  However, when the lady requested the table change from the server, she was told that she would have to ask the front desk before she could change seats... Like it was a real big deal in a nearly empty restaurant. So... She stayed where she was until the server cleared her seat change with the front desk and allowed her to move. I've never even asked a server if I could change seats... I've always just done it on my own. If someone would have told me I needed to check with the front desk before I could change seats, I would have probably just walked out.  Why stay and purchase a high dollar meal after that?We chose to eat here as Acme and Felix's had long lines. The atmosphere is more upscale and stuffy. We were tired from traveling and did not enjoy the atmosphere in the dining room. It is the type of dining where the waiter places the napkin on your lap for you. You also have a separate server for drinks and water. We wish we had been sitting at the bar instead as we enjoyed watching the shucking when walking by the bar as we left. There is also a unique seafood tower display at the bar which I have not seen anywhere else. The bar is the heart of this restaurant.
The barbecue shrimp was amazing and the prawns were very large. The entree salads were minimal in ingredients and I would recommend passing on these. The wedge salad was lettuce and dressing for $9. Go to Walk-On's for great entree salads. 
My friend and I had seafood and it was delicious, although not worth the price. It was a unique seafood experience and we enjoyed it, but would not return to dine again on those entrees which included the Fresh Gulf Seafood Showcase. If you want to go for seafood, try the barbecue shrimp over other entrees. 
The favorite experience at Bourbon house was the Bourbon flight. A choice of three delicious Bourbons for $16. My friend loves Bourbon and she had a blast trying the flight. I highly recommend any flight at the Bourbon House. 
Our recommendation if you end up at the Bourbon House is to sit at the bar, enjoy a Bourbon flight, and go during happy hour for reduced pricing, especially for oysters. Eat at Acme or Felix's for great seafood entrees as the lines there speak a thousand words.They accommodated us right before closing. Food was delicious and service was awesome.Awful service. We couldnt even laugh. The waiter hushed us. For the pricing not worth itThis place is awesome!  It's a beautiful restaurant with great windows for watching people on Bourbon St. The food and service were both friendly, prompt, and attentive both times I've eaten here. The oysters from the raw bar were huge, fresh, and tasted great! The BBQ shrimp has an amazing cream sauce that you will want to lick off the plate. This place oftentimes has no wait or a much shorter wait than Acme or Felix's, so it's definitely worth checking out, especially their (much more affordable) lunch menu. Try the BBQ shrimp po-boy, you won't be sorry.We went to the Bourbon House after reading great reviews and were BEYOND disappointed. We had made reservations in advance and still had to wait 30 minutes for them to seat us. We saw other tables get seated and we were told multiple times that they were 'paying the bill,' very disappointing. Then when we were seated our waiter was closing out a table directly behind us. It took him 20 minutes, during which time we sat without bread or even an acknowledgement from him. We had a 'drink server' help us but he would only bring us drinks, nothing else. After ordering we waited an hour for our food which was NOTHING out of this world. At no point did anyone come and apologize for he long wait time even though we asked several times to check on our food. Once we finally finished and asked for our bill, it took our server a ridiculous amount of time to get our bill, process cards and give change( of which he kept his tip and did not give us back the exact change according to the bill). As soon as we sat we had let him know we wanted separate checks, so no idea why this happened. Avoid this restaurant unless you want to waste a night in New Orleans on long wait times, under trained staff, a mismanaged restaurant & mediocre food.Ah, Bourbon.........how can corn be so exquisite.....but age it 23 years and......voila.....magique!
Go here to drink every Bourbon ever made.....at fair prices.... And excellent Po Boy sandwiches....and seafood....and Good, Friendly service
But don't forget the Bourbon.....go here for Bourbon....Bourbon...
PNot sure what Mark L.'s review was talking about, because our service was exceptional. We had such a great experience the first night with Marc our waiter that we could not wait to go again, so we did the next night. Patrick set the tone when he seated us and we requested Marc again. We had the Redfish on the half-shell both nights. We will remember this meal and restaurant and guarantee we will return on our next visit to New Orleans.I probably wouldn't come back here. The food was ok. Not great. Nothing stuck out on the menu. I asked the server what was popular and he recommended a red tail fish with crab? I don't even remember. The fish was bland. Didn't have any flavoring. The only plus was the raw oysters were big. But do not be fooled since it is the first restaurant you pass on BourbonHad the rock fish creole topped with crab.  Fish was dry and overcooked. The amount of dry pieces of crab on top was insignificant as to add anything to the dish.  Started with the seafood gumbo, which was the meal's only saving grace.  Very disappointed.This is a nice space with generally good to excellent food and sometimes inconsistent service.  I'm also happy they make some attempts at enforcing a dress code so you don't have to eat amongst people who look like barefoot savages.  I've been to several private parties here but usually I prefer to eat at the oyster bar and they do have consistently good oysters.  This place is a bit pricey so it loses some mojo for value but the food is certainly what you pay for and has always been very good with a very nice ambiance that is both classic and comfortable.  This is certainly a place to visit and enjoy some good food and drink!Ended up a bit randomly having dinner there on our first evening in NOLA.
Got seats at the bar which ended being a great option. Staff was awesome and food was very good too. 
Don't miss the charbroiled oysters with crawfish and the fried green tomatoes. 
Would have given 5 stars however our food took forever to come. We didn't really care as it was pouring outside and we had a great time chatting with the staff but could see how this would be a pb to some. 
They however made up for it by offering desserts and having their Chef coming in person at some point with our dish. All in all a great experience and we will go back for more oysters!BRUTAL! Avoid at all costs. There is a reason it's one of the only places on bourbon street with no wait. Food came out cold and poorly presented.Had a great buffet style dinner for our company dinner. Seafood, meats and cheeses were displayed nicely and were equally delicious. The bartender knew his drinks and was quick and attentive to all of us. I would imagine that the regular menu would be equally as good.I was in NOLA for a scientific conference, was walking around Bourbon street and appreciated seeing a place that appeared elegant and comfortable. Sadly, though, it did not live up to expectations. First, we tried to make a reservation and the hostess recommended we just come back when we wanted to eat. That would have been fine, except when we came back the hostess appeared annoyed/pissed off at life and was not pleasant with anyone. The same issue with the bartender, she just seemed like she hated her job and was annoyed with every customer she was serving - a total sourpuss. That put a bit of a bad spin on the first portion of the evening, but we were willing to continue to be open minded.
The servers (there are two, one for drinks/desserts and the other for food) were very professional. However, the food took a very long time to arrive and ultimately our main course was served to us 2 hours after we returned/arrived. The food was delicious, but there is amazing food everywhere around the area so they really need to be something special to be worthwhile. Recommend going elsewhere.This was a great place for lunch, which by the way, is the only time they serve their bbq shrimp po'boys.  You have to have one of these.  We got the bourbon milkshake as well and it was tasty. I'd eat here again.Not my first time in New Orleans. I came alone and sat at the bar, Everything seemed fine until the customer beside me grabbed napkins from the bar to blow his nose then line them up at the bar for the bar tenders that grab your limes & lemons barehanded to pick up. I asked a worker opening oysters if there was a open seat at the end of the bar & got told "yes just 1" the guy was so annoyed when I asked if he could tell my tender I'm switching so I said never mind I'll tell him. When Sunshine the bar tender came back I told him I will be switching seats a little down and he said ok very sarcastically then under his breath said "have fun with that". After hearing him say that I tried to motion to him why I was switching without saying what had happened out loud. He shrugged. I'm not sure why I received such rudeness but maybe it's because I was alone everyone else in groups. After moving & reviving my food (The fried catfish, shrimp, and oyster platter) it came with 3 shrimp 4 small pieces of catfish & 1 small dried piece of oyster. Yes 1 piece. At this point I thought everything was a joke. I asked the new bar tender was this the norm and he said no he will get me more. I waited for those and really couldn't believe of the 300 places in 1 mile this was the place I chose to spend $32 on my meal. Never again. I attached a picture of my plate with my 1 fried oyster.Went for a late evening dessert and coffee. Atmosphere has old New Orleans feel. Enjoyed the chocolate pecan crunch (my favorite) and new roads pecan pie.I expected something better. I thought the oysters would be superb and they weren't very good. The crab fingers also weren't good and this was supposed to be their specialty. The bread also was bad. I wouldn't recommend.I don't think I would have ever chosen to eat here, but SO GLAD it happened. Can I just say, GET THE CHARBROILED OYSTERS. Please, for my sake. They were heavenly. My only regret coming to New Orleans for the weekend was not getting a full dozen. 
We made a late reservation for 9:00 PM and arrived a few minutes early. When we checked in, we were told (very confidently, might I add) that our "table was just getting cleared up" and that we were be seated soon. That's great, we thought. I had read previous reviews cautioning that people with reservations still have to wait some time before being seated, so I already came with that expectation. Also, it was a Friday night on Bourbon Street - pretty sure it was gonna be packed. We overheard that the wait was about an hour for people who just dropped in, so we felt pretty good about making the reservation online weeks in advance. Thirty minutes later, and the pangs of hunger as we smelled the wafts of food from the kitchen, we asked about the table again. They profusely apologized about the wait and seated us a few minutes after that.
I started off with one of the classic drinks, the Bourbon Milk Punch, which was a perfect "adult milkshake". So creamy, so decadent. And filling. The larger size was only $10, and I would highly recommend getting it. It was so worth it and doubled as a dessert since we got another one halfway through the meal. One of the beautiful things about New Orleans is that you can take your drink to go, so no worries about not finishing it. You definitely will though.
We had our hearts set on the Alligator Boudin, but it was all out!! To be honest, I am so glad they were out because we changed it up and got the half dozen of the charbroiled oysters and the shrimp & andouille gumbo. THOSE OYSTERS THOUGH. The Creole bordelaise butter oh-so nicely complemented the flash broiled oysters. I cannot express how delicious they were. You just have to get it. 
For the entrée, I got the swamp pig pasta for all of the yummy selections that were in it. I was most excited about the crawfish tails in it and was not disappointed at all. I'm always a little skeptical of pastas that include seafood, because they are always so skimpy with the amount of seafood to pasta ratio. Again, they did not disapoint and there was a good balance of the pork belly, crawfish tails, and fried oyster in the pasta. I didn't really care for the fried oysters, only because my world was rocked by the charbroiled oysters that I had as an appetizer that I just had.  
The ambiance was nice, with music playing in the background. We had a view of Bourbon Street so we could see all the passersby and sometimes hear the music outside. We had a corner booth, which was intimate enough where we didn't feel like someone was encroaching in our personal space. The staff was friendly and attentive, without constantly checking in. We were so full by the end of the meal, with plenty of leftovers, but we were able to finish our drinks and box up our food without feeling rushed out. 
Overall, would recommend this place (GET THE OYSTERS. Oh, and the Bourbon Milk Punch too). It is pricier than what I usually go for, but we had our reasons to celebrate. Finally, Bourbon House is right on Bourbon Street, so you can walk off some of the food you just ate...or continue the night with some Hand Grenades at Tropical Isle down the street.I absolutely love this place!!!!  They have the BEST grilled oysters w/crawfish.  When I'm in town, this place is a must.  Oooooooh and the Bourbon milk!!!!I came here for lunch while I was in New Orleans for a conference. Mostly, I stopped in because it was close to the conference hotels (Marriott and Sheraton) and because I had eaten here the last time I came to NOLA and had had a good dinner experience.
It is definitely on the higher end, but I walked out with a $23 lunch including a $5 tip (no drinks) and a full and happy belly. The service was great; the place was pretty empty, but it was late in the lunch window. They had the whole "team based" approach to service, and I felt like it was well-coordinated.
Now for food...so if you can set aside any concerns about overall health or cholesterol, you will leave satisfied. A fried recommended I try the "New Orleans BBQ shrimp" and I did. It was incredible! Not BBQ like backyard ribs BBQ, but more of a balsamic-ey, rosemary, Worcestershire, butter BBQ. And as if the sauce wasn't enough on the shrimp, they also include a delectably buttery cornbread roll to mop up the rest of it with, if you aren't able to resist the temptation...and I wasn't.
I also had the smoked duck breast salad (maybe with spinach? that I don't remember), and it was also very good. Acceptable amount of duck in it, and it was smoked to perfection.
Not the biggest portions, but I normally eat too much anyway. With a couple of tears off of the huge and mega-crusty bread they slide on your table, I was totally satisfied.
Definitely recommend it!Nice bourbon flight with decent oysters and smoked redfish dip for a mid afternoon snack.We went here to celebrate my birthday.  Great food and very nice staff.  I had the the Red fish on the half shell with lump crab meat and it was delicious.  Also the barbecue shrimp appetizer was great.  Would definitely go back again.We were in the mood for a raw bar and Luke's bar was small and overpacked had tried to go there several times with no success. With that said we decided the Bourbon House was a wonderful alternative. I am gonna say right now that I thought it was so much better. Mid afternoon it was the perfect stop in the French district right off of bourbon street. My husband must have eaten a poboy a day and he thought bourbon house had the best for a very fair price. We sat at the shucker bar they were great and very entertaining. The oysters were great as were the chilled shrimp. I would definitely go there again next time I'm in NOLA! Next time the crab fingers in butter will be my first order itwmThis is the only place we like to dine at in the French Quarter!  After viewing the sites along Bourbon Street, and the surrounding area, this is THE place to go to to unwind and enjoy a great meal!  Don't let the fact that there is no long line out the door fool you!  When you walk in you'll receive a pager that usually goes off within 5 to 20 minutes.  Relax at the bar while you wait, or in the chairs along the wall.  I recently tried the bbq shrimp appetizer everyone seems to be raving about, and they were DELICIOUS!!!!  Oh, and don't get anything fried here!  You can have fried food anywhere else!  Enjoy!Wow this place is slow. Granted its after a Saints home game but still. Slow is slow!!! App took forever, and meals were slower. Sorry, hate to be a downer but truth hurts!!The service I would rate a 4/5 but the food I had mixed feelings for. For appetizer, my mom and I ordered the grilled oysters and added crab meat to the top; the appetizer was delicious! If I could rate the meals individually, I would rate that dish 5/5 stars. The lunch/dinner unfortunately went downhill after the appetizer however. I had ordered the Bourbon bbq shrimp po boy, and it wasn't anything special. I would rate the shrimp dish a 3.5/5 for it was a bit too salty for my liking, and the chips that came on the side were soggy and over-covered in salt! My mom's dish was a 2/5-- she had ordered the shrimp gumbo, and it was basically a salty liquid. She was so unhappy with her dish that she finished mine after she couldn't even finish hers.This is a tourist trap. My husband and I wanted to go to Felix's, but there was a long line. We ordered $28 scallops and $28 catfish (2 scallops and a small piece of catfish). What really made us feel duped was the waiter said these were the most popular dishes and he could serve these with crab, too (an extra $12 per plate he failed to mention). When we got the bill, it was not itemized- so we asked for an itemized bill. This is how we found out the extra charges. My husband is in the restaurant business and this was the first time he ever gave a standard tip- we were so underwhelmed overall. Later we both agreed waiting in line at Felix's would have been a much better experience.Came here just for oysters and drinks after having visited the place next to it the day before, couldn't understand why that other place always has a line and the Bourbon House does not.  Would definitely go here again, sat at the bar, great service from Will and the Shaquille O'Neill look alike oyster shucker made our afternoon, ended up drinking more than we intended but I think that's what everyone does on Bourbon Street.  Oysters were huge and delicious.  Very relaxing and fun atmosphere.Spot on service. Bourbon selection second to none. Amazing menu. Had the best pecan pie in the world. We split a le grande and it was perfect. Housemade horsedish and cocktail sause. Do yourself a dabor and get the bourbon milk punch.Best seafood platters in town. Ask for tartar sauce. Chocolate pecan dessert is amazing! The bourbon milk drink is fantastic! Service superb! Request a window table.Bourbon House is a favorite stop of ours for afternoon cocktails sautéed crab claws.  We've tried other menu items over the years, but nothing compares to the crab claws. (Hint: It usually takes a while for drinks to arrive, for some reason, so we try to order as soon as someone comes by to deliver the menu.)  Great people-watching in the bar area.I'm here with my family of 4, the service is slow and the food was not good.  The portion sizes are horrible (really small). I'll never come here again or recommend it to anyone.  The waitress spilled drinks on a customer.  This place is for people who want to feel important by over paying for food and shitty service.Few times in life do you have the "perfect meal". Well, if you're looking for it, come on in. Mary and James were the most attentive servers. We started off with raw oysters and crawfish mac and cheese. Pimm's Cup and Bourbon Sidecar were amazing. I had the BBQ shrimp. Hubby had the Ribeeye topped with anduie steak sauce. Phenomenal. Try it. Now.Bourbon House as a very nice suprise!!!
You think with the name 'Bourbon House' and the location on Bourbon street, that this place is just going to be another drunk infested bar during Mardi Gras.  Once you step inside though, the impression changes.  
This is a very nice place -
Service was great, menu was great, food was great.  What more can you ask for?  
Fresh Oysters on the 1/2 shell were excellent.  Shrimp po-boy sandwich was very, very good.  Chowder was great.  
This was one of the few Gem's we found in New Orleans, a city that is supposed to be known for it's restaurants.  If we ever get back, we'll be going here again.Saturday night, January 26, 2013, seven of us went to the Bourbon House for oysters, on the recommendation of one of our friends.  Asked the hostess to sit in the bar and she said, "seat yourself."  Found a table big enough for our group in the bar area, only to have the manager come over and shoo us off, saying "if you want table service you have to sign in with the hostess."  So we go back and make our request and they immediately returned us to our original table.  What???
The friendly waiter told us that the soup du jour was the crawfish bisque. My wife ordered the corn and crab bisque, I ordered the crawfish bisque and we shared a dozen Oysters Rockefeller. I asked that everything be brought out at the same time.
The corn and crab bisque and oysters were brought out in due time.  The crawfish bisque was nowhere to be seen.  It came out after the whole table was finished eating.  It was barely edible, basically a brown roux with a single boulette that was hard.  No taste whatsoever. I told our server that was the worst crawfish bisque I had ever tasted, and he said HE AGREED!  No apologies, no offers to make right.  I told him to remove it from my bill, which he did.
Something bad was going wrong that night in the kitchen. But I guess the manager was more concerned about seating protocol than producing quality food and customer service. We won't be back.This is a Dickie Brennan's restaurant..traditional southern/cajun style food, one of the nicer restaurants actually on Bourbon Street, closer to Canal St. side.
We had Oysters Rockerfeller, they were surprisingly spicy; my friend got a fried seafood platter, why wouldn't she? and she said it was great; since i felt the need to actually have a non-deep fried item on my vacay to NOLA, I opted for a spinach salad with grilled chicken; pretty non-descript, but what I needed. We got a molted lavaish chocolate cake for dessert. Service was pretty good, although they have a system where you get three waiters for your table. Can't say I'm a fan, they did it at NOLA too and it was just too much attention. Who needs 3 people to come by every 5 mins to see "how's everything??"This was the sleeper hit of our New Orleans trip, we really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. We sat in the front bar area and had 1/2 dozen raw oysters, fried crawfish tails and drinks. I had a glass of sparkling wine (Cava specfically) and my husband had one of their signature cocktails, the Voodoo Child. The wine was great and the cocktail was delicious, super grapefruity, refreshing and not too sweet. The oysters were fresh and came out icy cold and the crawfish tails were perfectly fried and had a nice amount of heat. Our waitress wasn't spectacular (didn't know anything about the wine or one of the items on the menu) but she was friendly and everything came out quickly. The drinks/apps were so good it made up for the just-ok service. Would definitely stop in again during my next visit to NOLA.Honestly a horrible dining experience: overpriced, horrible service, and cold food. Our group came in to celebrate two special birthdays, and I am so bummed that this crummy place almost ruined the evening.  
We had several people in our party who had to wait over 30 minutes for their drink order to show up, myself included -- and once my drink came, it was incorrect.  Our raw oysters (for an appetizer) took close to an hour to come out.  Our server seemed to be very busy, but not busy attending to our table -- we ended up having to flag down other staff members in order to follow up on requests and get the status of items.
Our food took a long time to arrive, which I could have easily forgiven if we had been served correctly with our drink and appetizer orders.  However, most disappointing of all was that many of us had dishes that were simply cold.  We had waited so long for our dinners at that point, and getting a server's attention was such a hassle, that we just ate the cold dishes and went along with our NOLA evening. 
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had in New Orleans, and I can't believe that I paid MORE for it than my dinner the next night at Restaurant August, which was one of the best meals of my life with impeccable service.  
Don't do Bourbon House.Great spot to eat and drink.The food is good especially the charbroiled oysters!! I have had them at other places in the Nola area but theirs were the best.Staff was so friendly except for one person but Special thanks to Shaq and Konar, I maybe spelling Ms Konar name wrong but they were excellent and great with food recommendations. I plan on eating at the brunch this morning as recommended by Mr Shaq. Again great food and excellent serviceAmazing meal and to die for service. Tom was a fabulous server. Having eaten in European fine dining establishments he would slot in nicely but the Bourbon House has a keeper. Great food great time.Amazingly fresh oysters. Also had the calamari & wife ordered the fried shrimp dinner plate. Everything was really good. They even let you roam Bourbon Street while you wait for your table! They'll shoot you a txt when your table is readyThis is a great place. The steak is the best around. Our server Scott P. And Back wait Alex were top notch. Their recommendations were spot on. I recommend the steak with the fries covered in crab meat. I know it sounds simple but it is awesome. Bourbon coffee for desert and you've got a great meal. I will eat here again. We splurged so it was pricey but you can do it for 100 bucks.What a lovely place. From the hostess to Servers were all very pleasant. The meal was very delicious. Grits is an absolute must have. Best I have ever had.AVOID. This place was absolutely terrible, a total joke. Horrible service. They were slightly busy, but this was just ridiculous. We waited 30 minutes to be seated (no surprise without a reservation), only to walk past no less than 10 open tables. Clearly left open because the waitstaff couldn't handle what they had going. Thought maybe they were reservations, but they did not fill up the entire time we were there, which felt like a lifetime. After waiting about 15-20 minutes for water, we were given a loaf of bread in a bag, not cut, no side plates, and nothing but a bread knife to hack at it and the server ran off before anything could be said. Did not see him again until after we were finished eating (someone else brought our food out- which did come out relatively quickly so there's no blaming the kitchen for the aforementioned wait, they were obviously doing a good job). We were seated directly on top of the service bar. I had servers banging into my chair the whole meal, and actually yelling over my head to each other while trying to eat. Server(s?) did not check on us at all during the meal. We were both so irritated, we were trying to get a to go box for the peel and eat shrimp and GTFO, since they take a long time to eat, but our server never came back. So my husband just finished his food while we waited about 45 minutes for this dude to come back around. My empty plate sat in front of me this entire time- napkin off my lap and folded next to the plate, so clearly I was finished. Food was ok, nothing to write home about and not worth what they charge- especially considering the garbage service.
My husband is a service industry guy, and I've done my time in the industry, we don't complain about this type of thing unless it's REALLY bad. This was the worst restaurant experience either of us have ever had. Like, seriously embarrassing. I get that it's on Bourbon Street, but if you're going to have a place that looks like the definition of class, charge accordingly, and then have the worst service known to man, you're doing it wrong.
Can't give this place 0 stars, so 1 for being a really pretty old building, basically.The restaurant was always busy so we got our charbroiled oysters at the bar. DELICIOUS!Came as a big private group.... Which was books weeks in advance. The service was terrible!!! Not sure if they were short staffed but couldn't find a server to help us. Once we found one, she had no clue what she was doing. Randomly walking around, not asking if drinks or water needed to be filled and worst of all chatting with her co-worker while we needed service. 
Food was below par... The only good thing was the bread pudding. ( hence the two stars). 
Will never go back there again!!If there's a "first family" or royalty of the restaurant biz in the US, one surely has to consider members of the Brennan family in New Orleans at the top of the list. Various family members own a dozen or more restaurants in the Crescent City and elsewhere, including the always highly touted Commander's Palace.
A trained chef and third generation member of the family, Dickie Brennan has made his own mark on New Orleans dining, with four marks to his name, including the fine dining establishment called "Bourbon House", at the corner of Bourbon and Iberville, at the western gateway to the French Quarter.
There are three elements of a good restaurant experience:  food, service, and ambiance. Sometimes it only takes one of them to carry the night, two can make it a great event, and all three create an over the top outing.
At Dickie Brennan's Bourbon House, I had the extreme pleasure of a trifecta: great food, pleasant atmosphere, and over the top service.
A large but tastefully decorated room, with white linen adorned tables and appropriate place settings with ample cutlery made for a nice set up for the environment.
Starters included the seafood gratin, a mixture of shrimp and crabmeat in a rich bechamel, with artichokes and leeks, served with toast points from local legendary bread baker Leidenheimers. The dish was chock-a-block packed with the seafood, and the vegetables added a nice zest to the creamy staple of French cuisine, a white sauce made with a light roux, milk, and seasonings.
I opted for a very traditional New Orleans entree, barbecued shrimp, which has nothing to do with either barbecued or grilled cooking, but is rather whole shrimp simmered in a butter and herb sauce.  This is a dish offered at a number of different restaurants in the New Orleans area, including one that purportedly created it in 1913.
Having consumed this dish around the Crescent City, other places around the country, and made it at home, you should know, in my opinion, if you're traveling to New Orleans, you can chose to eat it at the restaurant that claims it as its own (and relies on a decades old reputation), or you can have the best in the city, like I did, at Bourbon House.  Bourbon House's recipe is buttery, herby, and zesty. Perfect. Mop up the left over broth with more Leidenheimers.
The third element of the perfect restaurant evening - service - was over the top. Each table is taken care of  by a team, and ours was seen to by a lead server named Kat ,who was charming, affable, knowledgeable about the menu offerings, local lore, and provided exactly the right amount of attention and timing to make the trifecta complete.Rickey was absolutely amazing at the bar. Sold us immediately on the Bourbon House experience. Food was simply amazing. 
*******IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT GOING TO ACME FOR OYSTERS JUST STOP!!!!!!!!
Food and oysters here are 100x better!! Please try here first before going anywhere. I will return!!Delicious food and friendly people. We enjoyed our frozen gelato bourbon drink and fried crawfish. It's convenient and good!Overcharged and THEN lied to about the reason.
We ordered 2 orders of Shrimp Remoulade and fried green tomatoes.
$8.00 on the luncheon menu.  They were delicious BUT we were charge $9.00.  When I complained, I was told that I was charged the nightime price, but when I asked to see the menu for night, sure enough, $8.00.
Funny or NOT SO FUNNY is that I was overcharged 2 years ago in the same restaurant.\
In most upscale menus when a mistake is made, the management will comp you a glass of wine or a dessert or something.  Not so, here.  I talked to Mr. Munoz, the senior manager and then someone at Dickie Brennan's management office.
They reiterated how sorry they were, but no offer to do anything about it.
I've heard similar problems at Dickie Brennan Steak House - stay away.
Email me if you want any more details.Yesterday lunch at Bourbon House was probably the very worst meal an service I have had in my 36 years of living here. Troydell, our server and Felicia our "drink" server messed up so many times, It was truly painful and quite frankly, ruined my day. I ordered a drink called the Derby pie and an iced tea (they ran out of Godiva Liqueur, which is fine) so no Derby Pie. Then  she forgot my iced tea. The oysters were tasteless, so was the gumbo. Then i ordered a milk punch. It never came. I asked again. Then our entrees never came out. We called the waiter over, said we just wanted to leave, forget the food. Miraculously, our food arrived 30 seconds later. I said, Troydell, you forgot to put our order in huh? He said no. I said, "no way" I have worked in the service industry for years. So our oysters came out, then our terrible soup, and then we wait for 40 minutes for two poboys?? I know you weren't baking the bread cause its Leidenheimers. So then the check comes, and the Derby Pie, the drink that i never got because they were out of Godiva, was on the damn check. Get it together people. I will absolutely never return. I should have waited in the line in the rain to go to Felix's or Acme. You couldn't pay me to ever go back to Bourbon House again. And i find it comical that there is a SIGN when you walk in that pride's itself on great service. I don't know who manages these people, but you should be ashamed. My one day off, and you totally pissed me off. And like i said, I work in the industry, so im very tolerant, I never don't tip, and I was so ticked off, it took hours to calm down. Nobody cared that we were treated horribly. Nobody apologized and took anything off the bill. You couldn't pay me to ever eat there again. I have never ever posted a bad review. I hope I never have to again. Shame in you all. Seriously!Average food AT BEST, worst service AT BEST. Do not eat here, even if you don't expect a decent meal, the service was insulting. There was nothing about this place that would make any of us return.I came to Bourbon House knowing that the menu was a little pricey and for what I wanted to eat, I'd be best off eating at the bar. Yes, it was a great experience. So much so, we came here twice on our five day visit to New Orleans. 
Ordered raw oysters and baked oysters (what they are known for). Raw oysters were really good! This place had the best horseradish in New Orleans. I like it spicy and this place packs a punch. 
Now, those baked oysters... wow. They are heavy and rich! We got the trio and only half a dozen (THANK GOODNESS!). Don't get me wrong, they were really good but it was just too heavy in comparision to chargrilled oyters and raw ones. I think I'd rather stick with the raw ones here! 
So our second visit, we came back for the oysters and also decided to check out their New Orleans BBQ Shrimp. This sauce was SO GOOD. It was just the right thickness, sweetness, and saltiness. It came with this melt in your mouth oh-so-buttery biscuit. I know Deanie's is known for their BBQ shrimp, but I think Bourbon House's BBQ shrimp is a strong competitor. My mouth is just watering thinking about it! I'd come back for this dish alone with those biscuits!
(I noticed that the servers at the bar aren't the friendliest. The waiter we had the second time around never even cracked a smile. Good thing I was too consumed with food to really get peeved.)Superb service, great food. Excellent selection of bourbon too! The bourbon BBQ shrimp we excellent and the drinks are incredibly well done.Chargrilled oysters are from heaven. All their food was good, the waiters really know bourbon.Very disappointed with our experience this past weekend. We stopped in for a happy hour that is advertised all over the internet and sat at one of the bar tables. When our server approached us, we asked about the specials but she said she didn't know and had to go check. Shortly after that another server approached us and said she would be taking care of our food only. We figured out that the oyster happy hour was offered only at the oyster bar. We were ok with that and still wanted to order some. The menu stated to ask the server about $.99 cent mimosas. When our waitress came back to take our drink order I asked if they were offering them at the time, but she once again had to go check. Not sure why a server that is only taking drink orders cannot seem to know anything about the drink menu. Anyways, the oysters were just ok. We had way better chargrilled oysters the next day at cochon.Hey, you will need a drink before and after eating here. Located on a corner on Bourbon Street - need I say more, the location says it all.
Atmosphere        75      Its New Orleans!
Service                85      Excellent
Food                   75      Bourbon sauce was overpowering sweet
Value                  75      About right for NOLA
As bad as this place was, it turned out to be one of the better restaurants we frequented 
while in New Orleans. There has to be betterThe butter and bread were great.The interior decor is really nice with a relaxed ambiance despite noise level. Service was good. I had the roasted chicken and it was delicious!!  Definitely worth a try if you're in the area!This place is amazing. Was hesitant because of its location in the middle of touristy area in the French Quarter but I was so happily surprised at food, decor and service. Oysters as good as Acme, in my opinion. BBQ shrimp Po boy and alligator sausage Po boy were phenomenal and I'm a tough critic. Also, the French bread in bags was as good as any place outside of France - no exaggeration. I dream about their bread. Again, service was top notch. I don't really review liquor at a restaurant because I don't think that's review worthy. Maybe at a bar but I'm not at a restaurant for the alcohol. Having said that their bourbon list is impressive.Such an amazing restaurant! I am unfortunately not a fan of oysters so i did not get to try the infamous oysters. I mainly came here for the drinks. l did get to sit at the oyster bar area and watch them shuck away which was awesome. Such hard work, good job! They are such a friendly staff and make amazing drinks. Fox, you are an awesome bartender! thanks for the amazing drinks . You must visit even if it's just for drinks!Thought to give this place a try even seeing many unhappy reviews.   The service is okay but not as attentive after they took your order.  I came during non peak hours,  there are no more than 20 customerd at the whole restaurant.  
I didnt mind much since I was sitting at the bar.  
Ordered half a dozen of charbroiled oysters and half dozen raw oysters.   Added a crab and corn soup.  
Raw oysters - it was fresh but need to clean better 
Charbroiled oysters - it was okay the first two I had, then it hit me,  the last 4 was raw... it tatse weird with charbroiled raw oysters. .. had to forced myself to finish it.  Dont want to be rude...
Crab and corn soup -  bland and watery
Will not come back again.Service awesome but food definitely not that great in comparison to the other choices in the Quarter. A little over priced and terrible ambience loud seats to close together , unfortunately we will not return. I will say the service was amazing our waitstaff was excellentIt was a hellishly hot and miserably humid afternoon in N'Awlins and my husband and I were on the prowl for oysters. We'd already been to our old favorite (Felix's) so we thought we'd check out the Acme Oyster House across the street ... but we changed our minds after we saw the line outside. Honey, I don't do lines. I wouldn't stand in a line like that (in HEAT like that) even if George Clooney were at the other end naked and wriggling on a pile of $100 bills. Nope!
Fortunately, Bourbon House was right next door, and we were seated immediately.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere. It's elegant, old school, and they had a live three piece jazz band playing for the lunch crowd. It was also very nicely air conditioned!
We started off with a platter of raw oysters and cocktails (I had a Sazerac), then we both had the fried catfish po'boy with fries.
The cocktails were faaaaabulous. I'd never had a Sazerac until my last trip to N'Awlins last year, and now I'm gonna make it my cocktail of choice when I am in town. We enjoyed the complimentary bread and butter until our platter of raw oysters arrived, then dove in. The oysters were cold, plump, and delicious. I probably could have had another dozen all to myself along with that bread and been very happy.
The fried catfish po'boys were out of this world. They were enormous; so enormous that we resorted to eating them open face with utensils because they were difficult to pick up. The catfish was seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the dressing was tasty. We also really enjoyed the fries. They were of the shoe-string variety and crunchy. Yum!
The service was spot-on. The lovely young lady that served us commented that we ate po'boys "like my momma"! That got us giggling. She was great.
The only negative I can come up with about the restaurant is that they aren't located right down the street from where I live. I should probably speak to their manager about this horrible injustice.
I'll be tempted the next time we're there (yes, there will be a next time) to order the same thing, but I'll resist and explore the rest of the menu. I just hope it's as good as what we experienced this time.Great place to eat.  Get the BBQ shrimp....they are amazing.  A little pricey and a little froo froo.Frozen bourbon milk punch - divine decadence at a reasonable price. Have 2! We've been here a few times, and I have to say their bourbon selection is vast, and their drink prices are extremely reasonable (especially for the French Quarter). Also, the charbroiled oysters were superb. No need for the crab topping, they were quite tasty on their own.On a Friday night I stopped by Bourbon House after waiting on line for Acme for nearly an hour. There wasn't much of a line at this restaurant. There was only a 30 minute wait compared to the hour wait at nearby places. I ordered a glass of Riesling which was very good. My food on the other hand was not good. I ordered the combo seafood platter and for that price I expected much better quality. The food came out warm, the shrimp and oysters were just ok, the fries tasted like they had been sitting around too long and the fried fish was limp and tasteless. I could get better quality fried seafood and fries at a diner for half the price. As a tourist, I've had much better food in New Orleans at other restaurants. On the plus side, the crab cake had a nice taste, the bread was fresh and both came out very quickly. Another positive part of the meal was that the waiter, hostess and the waitress that suggested my wine were all very friendly and attentive.This place is amazing!! We went for a late brunch on a Sat and they were very accommodating!! We had the pre-fix brunch and it was yummy!! Would definitely recommend!! The shrimp and grits are a must!!!!chocolate pecan crunch!! definately have to try it!! My favorite! their desserts are really goodThe chargrilled oysters were YUMMY- I do wish they were hotter but the flavor was great! The service was awful...our server didn't write down our order and got our salad wrong and we also didn't get any refills on our drinks (beer, wine, and a coke). She also walked up to us with food in her mouth. We probably wouldn't go back with all of the other options available to us!I had a late lunch here. Service was great. I had a salad and a cup of SHRIMP & ANDOUILLE GUMBO. The gumbo was a bit thin for me. I like it a bit thicker. The taste was OK, but I had to ask for hot sauce. The service was great. Overall, it was OK, but it wouldn't be the place that I choose for gumbo.This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans , and I'm from New Orleans lol . Get the crab cakes if you are unsure of an appetizer!! 
My entree is always the red fish :) ! YummyHappy hour on a Saturday is unheard of and FABULOUS! $1 raw oysters, 1/2 price house wine...what morw could you need. Sat at the oyster bar, what a sight to see...I must have watched them shuck a thousand oysters. Had the raw and charbroiled and both were delicious.As you might expect, a wide selection of the namesake spirit is offered.  I was in town for a conference and stopped in for drinks and dinner.  Oysters are featured but are far from the only fare.  I had the shrimp platter, which comes fried.  These, however, are not the reconstituted frozen rubber shrimp that you will be served at Red Lobster.  These are delectable morsels that you will enjoy.  Recommended.I had a Caesar Salad with chicken, which was quite good.  The people I was with ordered Po Boys and they were big hits as well.  No complaints, service was decent if not spectacular and it was an overall good spot for a business lunch.OMG have dessert...the pecan chocolate tart was the best dessert I ever had...it was all I could do not to lick the plate when I was doneNot bad for a pretty touristy restaurant located on Bourbon st. The crab cakes are among my top 5 favorite of life. The burger was good and they had this cauliflower hummus and pita chips that were so delicious and unique. The major issue was that we were a group of 11 and they failed miserably in the service department. It was lunchtime on a weekday and the restaurant was fairly empty. It took almost an hour to get our food and we had to ask constantly for our drinks to be refilled.I was here just a few days ago with a friend from out of town. We ordered the Rockafeller oysters and BBQ shrimp appetizer. I really liked the ambience. It was pretty late when we came in, around 9 or something like that, maybe a bit later. Our server was not very attentive. I'm sure she was tired, which I can understand, but she wasn't giving her best performance.The food and ambience was excellent, but the service was bad. It took the server 40 minutes to bring the menu (and we had to ask twice). and then another 30 minutes to come take the order (no wonder the restaurant is packed). She also acted really annoyed when we asked a question about the menu. To be fair, I don't think our server's attitude truly represented the service at this restaurant as the other servers seemed to be really nice.Amazing food!! One of my absolute favorites in New Orleans. BBQ shrimp po-boy is maybe the greatest thing I've ever eaten. They have amazing oysters and crab fingers too. We go back to this place over and over, and it's always 5 stars.Desserts are the best thing here. My friends enjoyed their oysters very much. I had the only chicken item on menu and it was good, but the risotto was not delish. Mashed potatoes are off the hook.
Need to add more chicken and veg friendly dishes.The chargrilled had a delicious smoky flavor that is different than most I've eaten, kind of like Drago's on steroids. The gumbo was rich with shrimp, andouille, and Tasso and a cup of it is . enough to be a meal on its own. Couldn't finish the crab cake but it had the same smoky flavor like the oysters. The Brennan family sure know how to make you feel at home.I was caught in the tourist trap, and came here for happy hour. The place is pretty empty around 5 o'clock, but it picked up as we stayed. I got half a dozen of raw oysters, half a dozen of chargrilled oysters. I definitely recommend the chargrilled oysters, since the raw oysters not shucked great. I could taste the shells in some bites, and was definitely a little bit Sandy.
However, the drinks were great! The bartender really knew his stuff, and was able to explain to everybody at the bar what the history of each drink was. I got the milkshake, or as they like to call her, the drink where Christmas comes early. It was definitely delicious! Would definitely come back just for that drink.Initially the service from our waiter was very dry and rude , almost as if we were irritating just by the sight of us. Our first interaction with him began with him telling us someone else would be taking our drink order (as though we were not to bother him with it) for what it's worth we waited to put in our drink order but no one came to ask for it . The best was when He threw the bread down at the table . He finally came back and took our food order , everything came out in a timely matter . We ordered 1/2 dozen charbroiled oysters topped with crawfish and two bowls of gumbo . Everything was good , gumbo was the perfect amount of heat and flavor . The waiter seemed to warm up a little as our time in the restaurant progressed but still just so-so service. The whiskey menu is VERY extensive , which is a plus for someone who appreciates that. I ended up ordering my favorite Japanese whiskey which was a bit of an ordeal to get delivered to the table ... by the time we were done with our meals the whiskey finally came . The experience in its entirety wasn't horrible but definitely not fantastic , hence the mediocre rating .To be fare we had a group of 16, the food was just ok and the service was horrible, the server dumped food all over one of are guests and barely apologized, never offered to pay for dry cleaning did nothing. Do yourself a favor, if your taking a group you can rest assured you will be greatly disappointed.Really a 3.5. I would come here again if other locations weren't an option. It was our first restaurant in the French Quarter for our NYE trip.
Our visit to Bourbon House was spontaneous, after all of the restaurants we wanted to try on our wish list didn't work out. We walked by this pretty looking restaurant, saw people with smiles on their faces, and figured this must be a good place. The wait time was 30-40 minutes at 7PM. While the wait time appears discouraging, the Carousel Bar at Monteleone is literally 100 feet away. They also do texting to notify you when your table is ready. Excellent!
We didn't even get to enjoy the Carousel Bar for the expected 40 minutes, and were called back and seated immediately. The alligator boudin was more like a sausage ball. The aioli was good but there wasn't enough. I usually like seeing my ball-shaped food items to be drenched in sauce. The oysters were delicious and fresh. My boyfriend doesn't like oysters but he's never had Louisiana oysters. He became a believer after this meal, and didn't realize oysters could actually taste this good.
Our last item was the Gulf Fish on the Half Shell. It was delicious and I can't remember it because we must have eaten this in about 10 minutes.
The restaurant has a weird set up in which you ordered drinks from one waiter but food from another waiter. They mixed up our drinks and my boyfriend got a flight of bourbon samples which we had to return so he could get his Rye Manhattan. He liked it, so apparently this is a great spot to splurge on bourbon.Met up with friends here on a Friday night, very long wait and, it's in a hotel.  What's up with that?  Is that all they could find in The French Quarter?
Oh well, we just stood at the bar (no seats available) and we did have a great visit over some cold beverages. Didn't stay for dinner because the wait was FOREVER.
Probably not fair to be too harsh on these guys: ergo, 3-stars.Not worth the dinner!  Food rubbery & overly breaded! No follow up from server or manager!My wife and I are locals, and had planned on meeting friends from out of town for a late lunch at the Acme Oyster House on Iberville. Once we had gotten there, we realized we were hungrier than we had thought and that we didn't feel like waiting in line. We saw that there were open tables at the Bourbon House, and decided to try it (in retrospect, it seems likely that a large portion of their business must rely on this type of decision making). We figured it would be overpriced and touristy, but this is new Orleans, so how bad could it be? 
The answer: bad. Really bad. 
As expected, the food was overpriced, but it also wasn't good. In this town, there's no excuse for a bad fried seafood platter. Plus, the fries were cold. Seriously. 
Even so, that would all be forgivable, but the service was certainly the worst I've ever experienced in New Orleans, potentially the worst I've experienced in the United States. The hosts were friendly, but from the moment we arrived, our server seemed to resent our presence. He did not say hello or smile. He gruffly asked for orders, then stormed off without another word. We had to ask for coffee twice. Then came the highlight -- he slammed coffee cups on the table between our friends, and in attempting to pour, ended up dumping scalding coffee all over them. He apologized, and the manager approached us and was very apologetic, but no one asked if they were okay, nor did they offer any sort of compensation (beyond not charging for the coffee, but REALLY). Worse, our server remained hostile and short the few times we saw him again during the service. When I asked if we could split the bill, he grabbed the check, crumpled it up, and stormed off without saying anything. The only nice word we had from him was when we were leaving and he thanked us, which was honestly a shock at that point. Maybe the strangest part -- his name tag labeled him as a "captain," so it doesn't seem that he is a new server or someone who just isn't cut out for the job.  
Look, I get it - everyone has bad days, and serving is hard work. That being said, some things just aren't forgivable, and being pleasant goes a long way. I'll be warning everyone who comes to town to stay away from this spot.The food was phenomenal I had the roasted chicken with a Cajun risotto also the gator balls, service was excellent.  Our waiters were also very welcoming and it made it even better can not complaining about anything.I was visiting my cousin who is a local to NOLA. This was the perfect place for a unique lunch. We had a very attentive captain who made sure we were set up with beverages before we ordered. It was too early to try out some of the great bourbons but that would be a great reason to come back for dinner. 
The restaurant is beautiful and the service is great. I did not feel like the prices were set to beat up tourists. They were very fair considering the surroundings and the menu selections. Where else can you get a shrimp/crab burger? It was the best!
I am a bourbon lover and it was a pleasure to share thoughts with the captain who really knows his bourbons! I wish we had a place like this in Dallas!Lovely, old world charm, great service, excellent food.  Had the truffle ceviche, charbroiled oysters as well as fresh.  Would love to go back.I've been to the Boubon House several times before...always excellent!!
This last time ( June, 2017) Sat at the bar. Always friendly, smiling staff here.  
Had a Stoli and tonic with lime, and it's perfect.
Got a 1/2 dozen chargrilled oysters and a house salad. 
The oysters are grilled nicely, not overdone or burnt. Some places think you have to grill the crap out of an oyster,  and give it grill marks, lol!! NO YOU DON'T!! 
Tasty, juicy, a touch of bitter, garlic and lemon...and just wonderful. 
The Bourbon "house" salad is "local greens, tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, parmesan,  croutons, and Makers Mark bourbon vinaigrette. "
Fresh, tasty, sweet, crunchy..... a great house salad, and for 8 bucks.. a nice size. All the ingredients just tasted sooo fresh! 
The flavor profile was different than I expected, but in a good way.Fabulous from start to finish! The waitstaff was accommodating , attentive, timely and really made us feel they were there for us.  We were not disappointed. Oysters fresh and tasty.Half star wasn't an option so we had to go with one. Total ripoff. 11 dollars for an omelette with no sides. Smallest plate I've ever seen meals presented on.  I would expect that size at a Tapas which you know you're getting up front . Worst service!!I we were the only people when we arrived and only 2 other tables were filled during the hour and fifteen we were there. Took them 45 mins to bring us breakfast. We're talking omelette, eggs over easy and bacon. How long could that take. Maybe it was the fact that I asked for extra crispy bacon. I would definitely skip this place and walk a half a mile to the gumbo pot.Food and service was great.  We didn't visit the bar but it looked like it could handle a ton of people.  The oysters and crab claws were great and we shared the shrimp and corn soup.  I would definitely suggest this place to anyone who visits.  
MontyMy friends we're not joking when they stated that if you want some real good food to go to Louisiana. So what's the hype about Bourbon house stakehouse? Let me tell you, it's been 2 years and I'm still telling my friends about it. Words can't express how good the food is. The atmosphere was fantastic and the food was out of this world. All the flavors blended in so perfect that I wanted to lick the plate. I can't wait to go back. Not only to watch my team, The Saints," but to go back and eat at the Bourbon House. Wish I could give it 10 stars.If you want exceptional bourbon then this is the place to go. Service and food are not high on the list here. We do not understand a food server and a drink server? Things get missed and delayed with this system. We had the bourbon flights and very nice. Our food on the other hand was disappointing. Two of our diners ordered the pesto pasta they arrived cold. We asked our server to warm them please thinking they would re-fire them a new dish? They nuked both of them and it really degraded the dish. We were a table of 5 seated across from the kitchen and I happened to notice another table's order sitting @ the pass for almost 15 minutes before they brought it out for delivery. I am guessing this is why the pasta was cold for us. I would return for the bourbon
In spite of the service.Good food, convenient location. Feels a bit too corporate. Problem is that good in a town of great just isn't good enough.I'm going to start by saying that I know nothing about oysters, and when I visited here I'd never had them before, but being the adventurous little spitfire I am -- I'll try anything once! 
My friends and I were in town to gamble, party and just have a weekend of debauchery and LUCKY US -- this was the first place we walked by, realized we were hungry and stepped inside. SWANKY! We were seated after just a short wait -- long enough to get a drink at the bar, but not long enough to get bored. 
Once we were seated our waitress(es) were awesome. We got raw oysters and YUM! I was hooked! Everyone at the table ordered something different, and we were all impressed. 
The next time I make it back to NOLA I will make this one of my first stops. No doubt about it. Upscale but not stuffy, good food, and although a bit pricey - totally worth it. How on earth can I complain? Just thinking about it makes me hungry!The was just average nothing to write home about.  The waiters were great!!, very friendly made good recommendations. We had the grilled oysters, good but we had better. We shared the crab lasagna would not recommend, lots of cheese and sauce, lacks flavor. The scallops were delicious but too many mashed potatoes. Definitely try the Milk Punches drinks, delicious... The waiter recommended the tequila sorbet for dessert, it was great!The food and Bourbon selection are amazing, but the service flunked hard. Our beverage waiter didn't know anything about the bourbon and failed to give us any descriptions for our second flight. Our food server never looked us in the eye. We had to completely stack our plates and shove them to the side and wait 10 minutes for anyone to ask our order for entrees after our appetizers were done. There was hardly any table maintenance done. Their negligence was walking a thin line along blatantly rude. Looking around the rest of the section, no one else looks very happy either. I'm a big bourbon drinker and the food was so good that I'm sad I will never be back because of the service. I felt so invisible. Not even a manager in sight either.I can still taste the harsh preservative chemicals they put on the prawns at this place.  I could barely stop myself throwing up after I left.  Most of the other food was fine but the service was lacking and prawns were mushy and possibly spoilt - I couldn't taste it over the chlorine like chemical they put over it. 
I don't usually post reviews but I have to warn everyone out there.Here is the deal: they have great oysters and when we all went there for lunch we had great service. But this place is located on Bourbon Street and they close beyond earlier. We just got kicked out at 10:30 and we are staying at the Crown Plaza French Quarters. It's says 11 which is beyond to earlier but 10:30?? We loved the hotel but will not stay here again sole due to the bourbon house closing so early. We stayed here for a week and spend a lot of money but I guess the people that run this place to care about that. My wife is very unhappy with the bartender as well. 
You guys are unbelievable on your business and I thank god I don't run any of my companies they way you guys run this restaurant.My husband and a good friend went there for NYE dinner. We even made reservations because we wanted to make sure we got in. So the place looked beautiful, I would even say upscale. Waiter was great and attentive. Bartender was excellent. But the food. Oh Lord it was awful. I had the special fish dish that was ti y pieces of overcooked and slimy. That was the entire dish. One ounce of slimy fish. Friend had grainy overcooked s
Pasta with nasty brown cream sauce. Husband had the best dish which was a steak-ish dish with bland french fries. None of our dishes had any flavor or character. Just terrible. This is supposed to be a fine dining IN NEW ORLEANS. We ate better at street vendors, and local dives. I would warn all of you not to go here. Ever.It was not bad, but I was not blown away. Had the Shrimp Creole and it was just ok. Would be willing to try again though.Gumbo could use some seasoning but the oysters from Daulphin Isle were on point! 5 stars if the gumbo was on point. Great time and only a 10 minute wait on a Saturday night!! We will be back and I bet the gumbo will be amazing.Came here exclusively for Bourbon Milk Punch! Went at breakfast (yes, for breakfast) as I didn't want to fight nighttime French Quarter people.
BESIDES the punch, the experience was so-so. Slow service, had to remind them about the punch. Breakfast was average. 
I cannot tell if it's part of Hotel or not. Lovely atmosphere inside, but I would not return.Went here this past weekend after seeing the restaurant advertised on the hotel travel channel. Food was incredible! Had the charbroiled oysters and the BBQ shrimp PO boy. The sauce the shrimp was in was amazing!Again, the snooty D-bags will say, "Oh no, tourists go there, and even though tourism is Nawlins' primary income source, we should stay away!"... and again, don't write it off simply for this reason, the food is not sub-par. It's decent, but not fantastic. You can get better oysters elsewhere, like ACME, uptown, etc.
The prices keep me away most of the time, though.Anticlimactic cuisine is a kind depiction of the culinary experience at Bourbon House. The food was a combination of bland and boring, lacking both creativity as well as flavor. The menu further complicated this disheartening experience by misrepresenting the content of their meals. For example, an order of Veal and Crab would lead a diner to expect the experience of both veal and crab in their entree, not so, at $34.00 expect two heavily breaded veal cutlets lightly garnished with a dusting of crab meat. The only salt I tasted here was rubbed into wounds when we complained to Jacklyn, the manager, her response was cold and curt, justifying that "and crab" means an ounce of crab and a coy comparison to spaghetti and meatballs... I don't know about you, but my spaghetti and meatballs has more than an ounce of meat! The only positive thing I have to say about Bourbon House is that the oysters were meaty and delectable, it's a good thing that it's pretty hard to mess up an already good oyster. My recommendation: Avoid this dining experience.We stopped in this place for lunch on our way out of town on Sunday.
Decor was nice, quiet atmosphere, great friendly staff.
We started with the Crystal Alligator appetizer, I have had deep fried gator before and the taste was good but it was chewy, well the Bourbon Houses' Crystal Alligator changed my views, it was delicious, sweet, spicy glaze sauce over lightly battered fried gator tail strips that were so tender, seriously tasted like chicken.
I got the crab and corn soup, was like a thinner version of a bisque, tasted so fresh with lots of corn and huge pieces of crab.
My husband got the cuban sandwich with chips, a huge, beautiful sandwich packed with meat and loaded with taste...mustard, pickles, tender pork. And the bread was delicious, which can make or break a sandwich.
We were so happy with our lunch, there were so many other items on the menu I'd love to try. Next time!If I came here for the oysters and bourbon only I might have blindly given this place 5 stars.
We made a dinner reservation and did not wait long to be seated. The ambiance and decor wish to exude high class dining. I felt a little undressed, but I'm a tourist here. The oysters with caviar are excellent. I should have made that my meal. The trio of baked oysters: Rockefeller, Bienville, Fonseca were not for me. There was a lot of breading and additives that didn't help the taste. I scraped off as much as I could.
The oyster shooters were clever. I also enjoyed a house salad and the ribeye which sat on a bed of fries that got soggy. I did like that the food server was very knowledgeable and excited to describe how the menu items were prepared. It is odd for the separation of duties of the drink and food servers. Maybe this is a method to expedite service, but I felt that we still waited a long time for our food.
Overall the food is good but not exceptional.
IFHTP 1Love love love this place! On Bourbon Street, nice restaurant with an amazing team! Malcolm, Nastasha  and Sunshine served us at the bar since we were here during Mardi Gras. They provided great service and recommendations! Great people... love them! The charbroiled oysters with crab meat were THE BOMB! Loved the crab cakes and bourbon shrimp and grits! Try the King Cake drink which is like a blend of heaven! We left the main parade to cross Canal Street to make it on time before they closed! Sadly we have nothing like these dishes in Ca. We will be back!!! DELISH!! Happy Mardi Gras!!We made sure to go back twice during our trip, great atmosphere and the food was fantastic, great recommendations from the staff and management that truly cares about the product they serve...Definitely worth a try, especially to escape the typical "touristy" foods...I.e. I wouldn't go here for a PoBoy, there are other places for that.Two words: major disappointment. This place has everything going for it, great location, classic New Orleans feel, but lacking in literally every other department. The wait staff is unattentive, food tastes like it's been microwaved, and the drinks taste like they've been prepared by absolute amateurs. Awful. Disappointing. Horrible.
Save your money and time, and visit literally any other dining establishment in the French Quarter. McDonalds sadly trumps this place, and guaranteed will leave you more satisfied in both appetite and service.We wish we had discovered this restaurant on the first night of our vacation instead of the last.  It was, hands down, the best meal of the whole trip.  The highlights of the meal were the corn & crab soup, the wild boar chops (which was the chef's special) and we ended the night with a decadent dessert which I can't remember the name for but it was a warm pound cake with molasses and seasonal fruit.  This cake is light, fresh and subtly sweet and the perfect complement to the Bourbon milk punch.   The chef's special wild boar chops were seasoned and cooked to perfection.   In addition to the outstanding food our servers, Mike and Blake, were incredibly knowledgeable and attentive without hovering.  We also had the privilege of meeting the chef, Eric Cook, who took time to come out to greet us when I sent my compliments about the meal.  All said it was a tremendous dining experience and a highlight of our trip.My favorite place to eat in New Orleans! Beats Acme hands down.  Never understood the line to Acme Oysters when this place is next door and amazing.Food was just ok. Had a dozen charbroiled oysters as an appetizer and they were tasty but small. Shrimp on poboy were small and there were not enough. Three of us ordered bourbon sidecars and they all three tasted different. Service was a little lackluster considering we had two servers and still didn't take care of cleaning tables of empty drink glasses, etc. Small tables for four people.Pass on this one.  We had eaten a good lunch here a year ago, and since we were in the mood for a light bite and cocktails before that night's big dinner, we stopped in here. Hostess was pleasant, and we were sat right away.
The waitstaff apparently works in teams of two, and this is where it started to fall apart.  After looking through our menus, and deciding what we wanted, we just waited and waited and waited.  Then one server finally came over just to get our drink order.  And then we waited and waited and waited some more.  We could see our server - waiting on all the other tables around us, but never making eye contact with us.  Bread was delivered to the table, but no drinks and no server.
After tasting the bread, two members of our party decided NOT to order a Po' Boy, as the bread was very 'gummy' and not fresh or crunchy tasting. When our server finally decided she could take our order, I asked if I could get the soup and sandwich, but instead of the creamy soup they offered with it, I wanted to get gumbo (which was the same price on the menu).  "Oh no, you can't do that, I've asked before and they won't let me substitute that".  Ok.  Well - is the sandwich good that comes with the soup?  "People either love it or hate it."  With that helpful advice, I decided to just get the gumbo - and the rest of my disgusted party decided to just get that, as well.
Four marginal soups, two decent cocktails, gummy bread, and terrible service with tip came to approx. $70.  This place is not worth your time or your money.We began and ended our NOLA vacation here. Great oysters, awesome Bourbon choices, friendly service, no line to get in. We ate oysters at Acme and Felix and waited in lines for both. Acme's Oysters were the biggest, but the place is really loud and overwhelmingly red with neon lights. Felix's is quiet, comfortable and friendly - like a diner - and has the hottest horseradish. But you feel like they want you to eat fast to flip tables. Bourbon House is my go to spot for oysters and drinks in New Orleans.I took my date my here during my recent trip to New Orleans. It was great. Since I don't like seafood, I had the steak salad which was wonderful. The waiter was courteous and professional. Our dinner was amazing. We had crab cakes for an appetizer and WOW! It was so yummy. I was staying at the Hotel Astor Crowne Royale which has connecting room to the Bourbon House, and it was wonderful since it was like in the 30s and raining outside the French Quarter that day.I avoid high tourist traffic places like this because the food tends to be subpar in my opinion.  Eating here the other day only strengthened that feeling.  I went with a coworker from out of town who wanted to go somewhere on Bourbon St. (against my recombination).
I ended up having the "roasted" chicken.  I put roasted in quotations because I do not know how you prepare a roasted chicken in less than 10 minutes.  When the waiter brought my plate out I honestly thought that she had to be mistaken.  This couldn't have been my food because I had just placed my order, but indeed it was.
First thing that I did was check the chicken to make sure that it was fully cooked; since it had come out so quickly.  It was cooked all the way through, but that's about it.  The skin was pale and unappealing to the eye and when I went to cut into it the whole skin just slid off of the meat.  All I tasted was sweetness when I bit into the chicken.  They put some pepper jelly over the chicken and I think that's it because they didn't season it at all.
The chicken was served over jambalaya risotto which was the only thing that saved this dish at all.  The chicken was palatable only because the risotto had enough salt to balance out the sweetness of the chicken.
Don't be fooled people.  The long line outside doesn't mean that there's good food inside.  Just keep on walking.I was excited to go to this restaurant but It was ok not bad but not terrific. I had the BBQ shrimp I wish It had rice or something other than the hard bread. It definitely tasted like  authentic Louisiana food. My friends had the crab soup and It smelled and looked delicious. As an entree they had the fried seafood platter. The shrimp was good, the catfish was good the fried oyster was ok..... All in all an ok restaurant. I can't wait to see what else NOLA has to offer.Yum yum yummmmmyyyy!  The Pecan Catfish made me very happy!  This place is well worth the visit!Well, after sitting at the bar for 20 mins and being ignored - we walked out. Can't give it any thing better then 2 - heard great things but doubt I'll go back because of no service.This is yet another very good restaurant in N.O. Excellent food on our visit, and good but not exceptional service. Prices are a bit on the high side, but if you're coming from any large city, the prices are not out of line.  There have been many, many reviews of Bourbon House, and we have little to add. Fine grilled shrimp, jambalaya, delicious oysters on the half shell -- there's not much negative that we know of. The atmosphere is casual upscale, the servers cheery but a little inattentive (it took us ten minutes to get the check). We'd go back in a flash, but honestly there are better dining experiences to be had just a few steps away (try Galatoire's, for one).Ordered the fresh oysters and shrimp po boy. The oysters were large and fresh. I was only bothered by the mud on the shells that I had to keep wiping off my hands whenever I touch the shells. The shrimp po boy was a little hard to eat by its design, but I want to bathe in that sauce.We had a horrible experience on 7-29-17. Our drink server Bailey was great. Our food server Antonio NEVER approached our table. A very nice woman finally took our food order. When it came the salad had the wrong dressing and after waiting 10-15 minutes we had to ask someone to help - still was not our food server.  The seafood gumbo had 1 shrimp and very little crab. It did have 1 piece of sausage- not sure why that would be in seafood gumbo. The food was very mediocre and not cheap!  A kind server told us he had alerted the manager but she never came to the table. Antonio finally came to the table to bring our check and never apologized for the poor service. As you might imagine this put a damper on the start of our night in New Orleans. I would never recommend this place to anyone.Good Po bo shrimp but oysters were the best ever I will be back next month nice service good pricesHad a quick lunch at bourbon house last week.  We were walking around and glad we stopped by this place. Try the crab fingers appetizer and the red fish in shell for  the entree. Excellent grilled fish!Update:
The General Manager sent what seemed to be an apologetic response but, it was like our issue was a one time experience.
If it was, it was still one time TOO many; considering how they revere themselves! NO patron should be exposed to even one table of loud, belligerent drunk people; much less two in a row!
Empty apology= a lost customer. Whether the food was good or not; ambiance is everything when you're paying a decent amount for "The Experience"!
Disappointing. Never again.We ate at Bourbon House during my first visit to New Orleans. The wait was understandable for a Saturday night so we happily got a drink at the bar. I enjoyed watching the oysters get shucked right there! 
Our waitress was very helpful giving many tips on favorite dishes, she even brought out Chef Cook.  He talked with us for a while and recommended the charbroiled oysters. They were amazing! I have never had oysters prepared like this and I can't wait to return and enjoy them again. 
At the end of the evening I promised to come back to Bourbon House after I moved to New Orleans. I plan to bring my parents and close friends during all of their visits. This is a great date night spot and fun atmosphere for a group.Fancy place.  Ok food. Had charbroiled oysters and they were "ok". Servers took awhile to come to our table.  We had corn and crab soup.  Was so much better at acme. It was definitely worth a try for the first time but I don't think I would come back especially with the prices!Ate here with a group of guys for a bachelor party so the gang and I ordered a bunch of stuff off the menu and all shared. I had to say everything was a hit and there wasn't a dish that nobody liked. And it ain't always easy to please an entire group of guys. One dish that stood out though was the roasted chicken with jambalaya risotto. I got to admit I was skeptical when one of the guys ordered it at 1st but when it came and I took a bite out of it, it was pretty darn good.Ordered the Oyster Platter Le Petit (for 2), New Orleans Shrimp Barbecue, and Bourbon Milk Punch. The milk punch was so good, we ordered a 2nd round right before we left! All of our dishes were delicious, especially the shrimp barbecue. The sauce was very flavorful. Our servers were also excellent and polite.Just ate tonight and Lee took care of the party of 6 that we had. Food was okay at best! Checks kept being screwed up and waited over 30 minutes just for the check situation to be addressed! One star is taking things lightly!The food here is amazing!!! My wife and I went to New Orleans for vacation in October and we still think of the food today (February). We were looking for a place to eat and we found a spot on the oyster bar- they have the BEST crab fingers ever!!! I had that with oysters (as they opened them), baked oysters with crab, some Barterhouse bourbon, fried gulf fish, and the grilled gulf fish, and bread - AMAZING!!! Other nearby restaurants have 5 star reviews but they did not come close to this place! We are trying to find a way to ship it to the West coast!This is our fourth trip to NOLA. We enjoy eating at a variety of restaurants. The menu at the Bourbon House sounded great. The restaurant itself is beautiful. The food was delicious. I highly recommend the Rootbeer Float made w the specialty House milk and Abita rootbeer. However, the service was extremely slow and our waiter lacked personality. I had to ask him to state the specials for the night. Although, we had one waiter for drinks and another for the main course neither person was attentive. Our waiter only asked us 1x how things were and if we needed anything. He didn't even say anything when he handed us our check such as thank you or enjoy ur night etc. Not a friendly, inviting place to visit. With so many fabulous restaurants in NOLA I wouldn't waste my time or money returning here.I ordered the shrimp creole and it was mediocre, but my friend had a bleu cheese wedge salad with her meal and it was amazing! Also I loved the bread. Overall not amazing, not bad. I would definitely get that salad again but I don't think I would have liked anything else.Great charbroiled oysters; best I've had in years.  Boudin balls were not great.  Shrimp po' boy was good and stuffed with shrimp.  Very nice atmosphere but service was slow.The Oysters were good here but a little salty for my taste but still very good!!! The shrimp and crab burger was delicious very filling and I'm a big guy!!! The fries weren't anything special but besides that the corn and crab bisque was delious I tried a little of my wife's, the red beans and rice wrap appetizer was also good but just a little too sweet for my taste!!! Overall I felt this restaurant lived up to my expectations and the staff was on point great service!!!Went to Bourbon House for a snack today. I asked for a glass of water 3 times and never got one. My waiter was happy to drop off my glass of wine and shrimp. I never saw him again until I raised my credit card to pay. This was during a slow time. I'd hate to see it busy.During my recent visit to New Orleans we decided to dine here on our first night. I made a reservation and was seated immediately even though I arrived early which was very nice. The gentleman assisting us with drinks was extremely kind and I believe his name was Patrick. However that is about as good as it got for me.
We ordered the crab fingers to begin with and although they were kind of tasty they came out cold which put a sour note on the appetizer for me. While we were enjoying this a bug landed on our table and to which my boyfriend flicked it off before I could mention it. This definitely put me on edge as I was nervous there would be more. 
My boyfriend seemed to have enjoyed himself more than I did as he absolutely loved the BBQ Shrimp and continues to rave out it. He also ordered one of the Bourbon flights and enjoyed it immensely as well. 
This next part is my error as I ordered the oysters with the crab meat on top and although they were delicious I did not make note of the actual up charge for it. Again that was my error in not paying attention! 
In all I had a decent experience there. I'm sure we will return but mainly because my boyfriend loved the shrimp. I on the other hand am in no hurry to return.Oysters with caviar were fabulous, the cucumber oyster shooter was not only uniquely genius but refreshingly crunchy. I wasn't a fan of the baked oyster trio, especially the rockefeller since I had pieces of anchovy head stuck between my teeth but the ribeye was juicy and flavorful.We were doing a staycation at the Iberville Suites and had Living Social coupons to make our visits a bargain. Lunch 10/9/10: Very good Reuben sandwich, if a bit heavy, and baked oysters. The oysters were very small and dried out as though they had been held for some time. Would have been tasty. Brunch 10/10/10: Got there late for breakfast, but were served in the lobby bar. Very friendly and fast service, ordered the Bourbon Benedict (?). Hadn't realized it had sausage rather than Canadian back (no foul). The sausage was good, but it just didn't work for us.FROZEN BOURBON MILK PUNCH!! Yum. We actually stumbled across this place when were headed to Acme and we discovered the line was ridiculously long (and outside...in the five hundred degree humidity) We decided to give this resraurabt a try instead, and we were glad we did. Everything was good, including crab cakes, the soup of the day, the bourbon flight, and tuna. I had three milk punches throughout the meal they were so yummy. It reminded me very much of a drink my father used to make called a Brandy Alexander. I would go back just for the punch!
And to all those suckers in line at Acme...you missed out! We had a five minute wait, INSIDE in the air conditioning, and our food was excellent. :)