Vegan bakery and cafe. Worth the drive to Uptown! Great quality pastries and breakfast options. Always something new to tryAwesome vegan selections! Both sweet and savory.  This is one of our favorites stops in New Orleans. We come here whenever we can.This place absolutely rocks!! The staff is super friendly.  I chose to eat here because my daughter has food allergies and let me tell you,  finding this place is an absolute blessing. The breads are simply delicious and my daughter kept asking me if the food was really vegan and gluten-free. This speaks volumes coming  from a 13 year old. The almond butter cinnamon roll is the bomb. I had that, along with the cheese and herb bread, 2 croissants and the bbq shrimp quiche-DIVINE! AS far as dining goes, it's a little tight on the inside. This place is a new favorite for me.Couldn't rave enough about this place if I tried. We had this delicious pumpkin biscuit thing with tofu that was phenomenal. We also had the bahn mi and the crab cakes. All three were great. It was a beautiful day so we were able to sit outside so it was a beautiful day to have a great food. The desert we chose was the bread pudding. If you like bourbon then I suggest you get it. It wasn't that sweet to me and it tasted like bourbon which I am not a huge fan of. Anyway, if you are vegan or not, this is a great spot.The most incredible, fantastic little slice of heaven in New Orleans. It's so warm and welcoming and every single thing on the menu seems to be so carefully made and perfected its unbelievable that it's all plant based! They have at least a million options so I haven't tried it all, but all the breakfast sandwiches, quiches, cakes, and cookies I've tried have been wonderful! I can't get enough of this place it's my absolute favorite spot in Nola. Even my completely non-vegan boyfriend is in love with it.Coolest bread place I've ever seen. They appear to make bread more than just bread- they make bread their art, and they are masters. I got a Fresh fruit tart. You can kill me now. I'm good.Stopped my for lunch the other day and boy, has it expanded! The savory items lean towards vegans and gluten-free, which is interesting in a bread bakery. I wasn't brave enough to try the 'live food' sandwich, but I did see several people enjoying one. I did try the cold veggie soup, which left me cold; I think people forget it needs an extra dash of salt. The carrot cake was just OK, but it could have been my pairing or maybe with coffee, it would have been great.I'm not vegan, not in the least, but had lunch here with a friend. My favorite thing was the coconut rosemary cookie, which had an amazing texture and was something I'd never seen before! I also had the turkey sandwich, but it was a little underwhelming (I didn't expect the bread to be that tough, and it was overall sort of dry). The potato leek soup was good, but could have benefited from being either a chunky soup with large pieces of vegetable or blended totally smooth. 
I'm honestly giving four stars for the cookie and the courtyard cats. There's a brown tabby tomcat who ate like half of my sandwich meat while sitting on my lap, and I was happy to give it to him, because he was adorable. I'd come back just to pet him again, and I recommend everyone pet him at least once.Thanks for the pain du gruyere!
Please open daily!
Please open earlier!!Funny thing is that I rarely order anything but a turkey sandwich with Irish cheddar on a fresh baguette. It's tasty and avoids me having to decide between an array of delicious pastries (sometimes I add a tart). You can tell there is a lot of thought and care from the baker around creating unique items.  This is their craft and they own it.  More than anything, I really appreciate the service at Breads on Oak.  It's clear that management trains staff on the basics of customer service which results in consistent friendliness no matter who is at the counter.I recently visited from Philadelphia, where believe it or not, vegan and vegetarian options are plentiful and growing, so I was delighted that my host introduced me to this gem.  I fell in love immediately and went back for a second visit during my one week in town.  We tried the Live Food sandwich and Eggless sandwich, which were both delicious and satisfying.  Also, all their soups are vegan and the bread is AMAZING and fresh.  I simply love lemon tarts so to stumble upon the vegan version was special and there were several different citrus flavors.  I had the strawberry and orange tart and inhaled it.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  I wish this place was in Philly but I'll be sure to recommend it to anyone visiting New Orleans in the future!Amazing Made from Scratch Breads and Biscuits 
Go on Sunday for the bread bar. Go with a group of friends and order one of everything. 
For our Sunday "brunch buffet," we ordered an assortment of biscuits, sandwiches and pastries to share. 
Loved the vegan live food sandwich, the pumpkin cheddar biscuit with tofu scramble, the pain chocolate, the olive Provence bread and the fruit and nut bread. 
Just Geaux!!!Wow, vegan whisky pecan king cake!!!! You won't miss the dairy with this one... Truly amazing!There is no reason to not love Breads on Oak. Everyone can eat something here. The food is on point. The service is warm and inviting. The coffee drinks are fabulous. Just go eat here. That is all.Love their food, especially their veggie sandwiches and their tea baskets. Their hours are very strange. They are closed a lot.This little artisan bakery on Oak Street is effing AWESOME !!!!!
It is a favorite morning stop for me to get a big chicory coffee and some type of pastry. 
And, they have a great selection of sweet and savory treats. And bread. The ciabatta rolls are wonderful, I get a couple to take with me when I get a ham to make ham sandwiches. 
However, the star of the show for me is the croissants. They do them the right way here. Light, airy, flaky, buttery, ethereal.  And the stuffed croissants are very tasty as well.
Worth the visit!Very cute little corner bakery with a few tables. I stopped in here to break a bill/get a snack. Lots of choices, from GIANT big things o' bread to muffins. I got a croissant, which was perfect. Several things seemed a little pricey, but then, I'm that guy who's like, "I could BAKE a dozen cookies at home for that much" so maybe I'm not a good judge of these things. 
The only thing that bummed me out was the person next to me got some free samples and I didn't :(Food was good. Staff was hippy friendly. NEVER open. I live a street over and they are rarely open. If you find them open, grab a roast beef sandwich. Meow!Let me start by explaining that the three star rating is to give props to this establishment for going all vegan and offering low gluten options. I do think they need to work on the quality of said options however. I sat in and ate the Egg-O vegan biscuit on the low gluten buckwheat biscuit, the cheese grits and an almond milk caramel latte (I'm pretty sure she forgot the caramel.) The biscuit was as dense as it looks and the "eggs" were an odd texture. The grits were extremely watery and had a hint of a vinegar taste to them. After a few bites I took them to go and ended up tossing them. The to go options I ordered for later were a little better-the friendly pig sandwich on multi grain and the kale Caesar salad. Nothing impressive, just better than the breakfast options.My best friend and I stopped in here last night as it's right around the corner from her house.  The were giving samples of their breads and they were all so delicious!  However, my special favorite was the rye with nuts and currants.  In addition to bread, they also have cupcakes and brownies (the brownies were excellent) and will be having croissants as well.  We got to meet the owner and he told us that they will be open during the weekends throughout the summer and then decide what their business hours should look  like in the fall.  Do stop in and see them to welcome them to the neighborhood!  This is a great addition to Oak Street and I wish them much success in their new venture.
For more information, you can check out this article:
http://noladefender.com/content/bag45uette-sta7nds-aloneWho said you can't have vegan in the South?  These yankees are happy.  Not only is this place in a cute, artsy area of town, it has delectable vegan delights.
I stood at the counter for 10 minutes trying to decide which treat to get.  I finally settled on a coffee for the bf, a cappuccino for moi and a vegan cinnamon coffee cake to share.  The coffees were made just right and the cake was moist, sweet, and yummy.  We thought of getting baguette but opted not to carb overload.  If I lived in NOLA this would be a dangerous place.  I loved the momma's kitchen feel.4/5 olive loaf
get it. take it home and keep it close. it is sooo tasty. i mean like olive in its essence in your mouth, doughy pillowy crusty goodness. i think another strong marker for me is the smell - rub it all over you and you'll be the sexiest olive smelling fella in the office.
if someone brought this to my dinner table (or bed), i'd consider it a true gift.
they also make this other miche (sp?) bread, which is this large round that is a 3 day process. it's crusty and involved, but i'd say i'll be returning for the olive over that.What a fantastic addition to the Pigeontown neighborhood. I have been enjoying their rustic, hearty breads since they opened. Yesterday I decided to try the vegan banana pudding (or banana cream pie...not sure the exact title...but it doesn't matter). It was the one of the best things I've ever tasted in my entire life. As someone with a dairy allergy, this place is a godsend. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!This place is a gem! The owner is amazing, always so sweet. The staff is also friendly and hard working. The 'live sandwich' is one of my favorite sandwiches in the city! If you love veggies, this sandwich is a must. I'm drooling thinking about the miso paste. Also, their brownie is to die for. It reminds me of brownie batter. So moist and flavorful. The baguette, oh my god. I'll just leave this right here while you head on over there.I know everyone mentions that this place caters to vegans, but that doesn't mean you have to be a Vegan to love their sandwiches!  Their are many selections for all kinds of eaters.  You can add cheese or meat to any of their sandwiches if need be.
I particularly love the live food sandwich, but I add cheese to it.  It has carrots, cucumbers, avocado and sprouts on a lovely dense bread with a very subtle miso dressing.  A bit of cheddar, gruyere or chèvre cheese added gives the sandwich a bit more of a punch.  I've also tried the cucumber sandwich which could use a heavier hand with the cream cheese to balance it out.
The Almond Croissant was delicious, I got it from the day old discount section and it was still super fresh.  I found the chocolate in the chocolate croissant delicious, but the croissant itself to be a bit less flaky and croissant-like and a bit more of a puffy bun.  I went with a group one day and they all felt like it would be best called a chocolate bun.
I highly recommend the Irish Tea Cakes.  They are dense, slightly sweet and are peppered with currants. They are addictive and delicious.  They have become a compulsion and we are always disappointed by how early in the day they seem to be running out recently.  I think other people have also figured out how amazing they are!Hubby and I chanced in on this awesome little bakery since he was about to get hangry -- we split a veggie Reuben and a cup of the soup of the day -- mushroom étouffée -- both had spectacular flavor! I could feel the love put into their product.  The breads and pastries look absolutely amazing behind the counter, too.  I was happy to see they carried a few different kinds of kombucha and other healthy drinks.  Definitely a gem!Breads on Oak was the last stop on our trip to New Orleans. If it hadn't been the last day, I may have ended up there every day. Definitely make this a must on your to-do list - ideally multiple times.
It has an incredible amount of vegan baked goods and heartier food as well. The muffanada sandwich was fantastic. Tempeh, olive salad, and veggie provolone on sesame seed ciabatta. The scones were spot-on as well. Everything we tried, both savory and sweet, were delicious. 
Looking forward to getting back to New Orleans for another visit (or two or three) to Breads on Oak.I don't often get a veggie sandwich, and when I do I'm not compelled to write a review most of the times. This is not one of those times and breads on oak is not one of those bystander kind of place. The French garden sandwich I got is one the most refreshing things I've eaten in a while. The combination of the flavors is just amazing and the great service makes the experience even better. I must say though, I'm here on a Friday afternoon when there's not much crowd. Hope the service remains the same on a busy day as well. Must try for vegan options and refreshing food.Best croissants so far in New Orleans! (Except the chocolate almond, but that's totally fine!)not a vegan but I crave this place often! Big fan of their pumpkin cheddar biscuit, buckwheat biscuit and of course any baked good! If it's king cake season, definitely treat yo self and get a slice!I do have to say that this place has a nice, homey feel. I would be doing an injustice, though, to say I was not a little underwhelmed by the selection this place had to offer. The carrot cake is truly outstanding. And it is VEGAN!! I also had some sort of savory muffin that contained ham and bacon, which was light, savory and delicious. I still left upset that I'd drove that entire way for such a small selection. My next bakery will be Gracious Bakery. I'll let you know how it turns out.Everything about this place was great! I recently have started eating vegan so I remember how good baked goods and pastries are supposed to be. Everything I've had at Breads on Oak was as good or better than any non-vegan I've every had!Very good, fresh vegan offerings that satisfy even a carnivore. Breakfast and lunch offerings are tasty and filling as well as healthy. My personal favorite is the TLTA their take in a BLT with tempeh bacon. Service is friendly and fast even when there's a crowd. Nice addition to Oak Streets array of restaurants.Loved the atmosphere and the staff were so friendly but the pastries were well everything you expect from but hope you're wrong about whole grain. The carrot cake was lovely to look at but heavy, dense and almost cloyingly sweet and the brownie though it did have some very nice chunks of chocolate was dry and both pastries tasted stale. This was similar to another Oak Street pastry shop that got rave reviews for their European style pastries. I'm beginning to doubt either sophistication or palate of the reviewers.This cate has vegan treats and cats! Lovely little patio out back. Highly recommend the stuffed brioche treats. The sourdough bread is also amazing! I was stuffed after spending the morning there. Such a lovely place to read a book and soak in the sun.I adore this place and I am once again filled with rage that it wasn't yet around when I lived in NOLA.  Isn't that always the case?  You stopping living or going somewhere and BAM, all all kinds of awesome establishments pop up strictly to spite you.  Not cool Breads, not cool!
Anyway, we roll up to this place around 2 - wise maneuver as the sit down dining area is rather limited and we were able to snag a table for four.  Most of Breads seems to be occupied by a large scale bakery operation and there were all kinds of fancy delicious-looking bread loaves on display, taunting my repressed carboloading sensibilities.  Of course the downside of arriving near closing was that sandwich selections had dwindled to a few, with only the vegan roasted eggplant left for my choosing.  I ain't crying because that sandwich was pretty darn amazing!  I mean, sure it was perhaps a tad excessively bready, but man I was all about the perfect balance of roasted eggplant, tomatoes, and peppers and walnut basil pesto.  The sandwiches arrived with some toasted olive bread morsels (I think?) in lieu of chips.  There was some sort of tempeh etouffee that one of my compadres sampled, that I was kind of jealous about.  All four of us were really happy with our sandwiches, which I consider a victory since yours truly insisted that we absolutely had to have lunch here.  
We also ordered up a bunch of vegan desserts - chocolate banana brownie, orange creme cake, carrot cake, and fruit filled cake.  Skip the chocolate banana brownie, but a resounding "hell yes" to the other three.  One of my friends remarked that the desserts tasty "healthy" in that whole wheat pastry flour was probably utilized instead of bleached white flour, but this made consumption slightly more guilt-free (obvs!). 
The only "con" worth noting is the extended wait that might occur when ordering and waiting to receive your items.  I'm not sure why exactly, but there seemed to be some confusion with other patrons receiving incorrect order or something . . . 
Anyway, super glad to have discovered this place and maybe, just maybe, I'll buy myself a loaf of bread next time and eat the whole thing entirely in the dark.  Eating bread in the dark means zero net carbs, right?!My best friend and I died and went to heaven when we visited Breads on Oak. Their pastry selection is the best I have ever seen (I live in Los Angeles) and the staff is awesome. Another great thing to mention is that they have alcohol at this cafe, which is so unusual to me. We drank mimosas, ate breakfast sandwiches and stuffed our faces full deliciousness. The strawberry and cream brioche was the bomb.Heaven just got a little sweeter!  From sandwiches to desserts, Breads on Oak Cafe and Bakery is a vegan's dream come true.  The bread pudding, cinnamon rolls, and assortment of cakes, are decadent and more than worth the trip from the center of down town New Orleans for out of state travelers.  The Muffanada sandwich along with the pumpkin cheddar breakfast sandwich, were scrumptious and better than it's non-vegan versions.   A must stop for the vegan traveler when in New Orleans.  You will not be disappointed.I spend a long time using the vegan+gluten free+bakery=kindergarden paste joke.  No more!  This is the first vegan bakery I prefer over non-vegan.  The Egg McVegan and Cheddar Pumpkin Andoullie biscuit sandwich are two of my favorite things in the world!!  I've hooked many friends on them.  And my tummy feels so much better after that with traditional breakfast sandwiches. 
Also on the favorite list: Chocolate chip walnut cookie, and those stuffed Brioches!!!  The gluten free rosemary coconut cookie was a little weird at first, but it's grown on me.  Love it all!At first I was a little skeptical trying an organic/vegan king cake but wow!!.. It absolutely blew my mind! This place is the real deal. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable, and all their products are delicious and guilt-free. What more could you ask for? I cant wait to come back and try their other offerings. I hear the breads are to die for as well. Definitely two thumbs up for a place like this in New OrelansWhy is this place sooooo awesome? ???!!!!! I love the ambiance,  love the pastry,  love everything about it!  They have a ton of vegan options and they are known for using organic ingredients,  which I'm sooooo thankful for. have been there a few times and will continue to support :) their tarts are to die for.... their coconut and strawberry cake slices are beyond tasteful. It's a pleasure to spend my money here and watch them grow. The cashiers are among the sweetest people I've ever met in nola.Just because one avoids certain food groups doesn't mean the cravings for foods of old don't strike. Me? I had an unshakeable urge for a muffuletta, but no cheese, and definitely no meat disks. I really just wanted tangy olive salad, a creamy spread, and delicious bread. A sandwich that was great just as is- no substitutions, "let me check if we can do that", or feeling cheated by a $12 meal missing the high price items.
Dude, I found it. A vegan muffuletta. It didn't come easy. First, Breads on Oak is closed Monday and Tuesday. I saw the menu and waited two long long days to make it over. Probably expressed my excitement about the sandwich three times each day. Then, when Wednesday rolled around and we rolled in, there were no more muffulettas on display! No matter, no worries, I'm not giving up so easy-and the staff was more than happy to fix me up one. Their caveat was that the ciabatta was sold out for the day, so the bread wouldn't be quite what they usually serve it with. Fine, fine, I'm starting to drool over the thought of the juicy olive salad...and the pastries right in front of me are only keeping my hunger strong. Notice the cucumber sandwich- WHAT. Been needing this in my life too. Just throw it in the bag (except don't. I'm dining in)
Two sandwiches, two beautiful vegan sandwiches which do take a little bit of time to come out but there's bread samples to snack on while I wait. Two sandwiches which put the biggest smile on my face when I ate most of them in the neat, bustling bakery and then again when I munched the rest of the muffuletta while crossing the Louisiana border back to Houston. 
There are a few little vegan corners in New Orleans outside of the bigger restaurants, and I'm happy I found this one. They do serve cheese and seafood (not sure about meat), but everything is clearly marked.
Definitely going back for a fruit tart.Delicious vegan options in New Orleans were a pleasant surprise. I went to Breads on Oak with vegan and carnivores alike and all enjoyed the various vegan breakfast sandwiches. They also had plenty of options of milk alternatives!Amazing! If you are a vegan in New Orleans, this place is a must! We went there 3 times during a 5 day visit! They have a selection of vegan sandwiches (including a vegan muffaletta) and a HUGE variety of vegan baked treats. I personally ate a chocolate chip cookie, 2 cinnamon rolls and a pain au chocolat, and everything was outstanding! Thank you, Breads on Oak for making my visit to New Orleans very special for this vegan!!!!Amazing place! Incredible people! Unforgettably delicious food and desserts! Not to forget how at home I feel here. I don't want to leave!The bread such as baguettes are really very  good. Other offerings such as quiche are not so good, very heavy.  The prices are quite ridiculous however. I would buy bread regularly there but for the over pricing.I just left here for breakfast and I must say this place is AMAZING! A vegan and gluten free restaurant that makes their pastries fresh and on site, everything here is worth trying. I had the vegan shrimp brioche and sampled the TLTA sandwich my husband had. I am full. They have teas, juices, mimosas...you can't go wrong here. They even offer nut based mills with your coffee. I'm coming back here when I'm in town!Everything this place does is wonderful! I especially love the salmon & chèvre sandwich--tried to make it myself, but I can't recreate it even knowing the ingredients. 
The olive provence is just beautiful. It could be a meal in itself. I brought some home & had it with prosciutto & a nice red wine. Marvelous!
The quiches & tarts are great; I have yet to taste one I didn't love.Had a tempeh sandwich on buckwheat bread it was absolutely delicious. Really nice atmosphere in the cafe and I wish I had chosen an Airbnb in the neighborhood.Do not drink the coffee here! Nasty!!!
Everything else delicious! Love the oatmeal cookies and brownies!This review is for their website and their actual hours.  The website of this place says they are open until 5pm during the week but when you get to the actual location they actually close at 3pm.  Their Saturday hours listed on the website are until 5pm but in actuality they close at 3pm and then Noon on Sunday.  I've made several trips attempting to try this place out but they are closed every time I get there.  Working a regular 8 to 5 job makes it very hard to ever get to this place and I've nearly given up being able to ever find this place open.Super excited to have found this bakery!! They have great vegan options and everyone is super friendly!!
Had the most amazing sandwich and three desserts-- heavenly!!
5 stars!! 5 stars!!I made a  lengthy pilgrimage to Breads on Oak during my most recent trip to New Orleans, and it was so worth it.  They were in the process of making a heavenly looking King Cake bread pudding, but the lady on line in front of us bought the whole dang thing, making me regret heartily that I had not arrived a couple of minutes prior.  But let me tell you about the real reason this trip was so worthwhile: the Muffunada.  I'm having trouble finding the right words to express how happy this sandwich made me.  I was skeptical about how smoky maple tempeh and cashew cream would pair with olive salad, but let me tell you, I was quickly converted.  My only critique is that it was on the small side, but I suppose that left me with some room to try the free Sunday bread, so it all worked out.  I had a little piece of rustic peasant bread that was so good, it made me want to don a babushka and start singing about hayfields in springtime.
The hubs had the turkey sandwich and had high praise for all the 'wiched ingredients, but he found the bread a little too hard.  (Don't listen to him, he has bad taste in bread.)  We also had a slice of vegan chocolate cake, which was very moist but a little lacking in chocolatey-ness. Still, if you enjoy bread and/or you are a vegetarian, this place is an answer to prayer.  Nice courtyard with a resident cat, too.Breads on Oak is one of those special places that attempts to cater to all --and does this very, very well.   
Open Wednesday through Sunday with goods to satisfy the savory and sweet tooths of meat-eaters, vegetarians and vegans alike.  Despite being a bakery that creates beautiful gluten-lovely artisan breads, they also make an amazing VEGAN/GLUTEN-FREE (GF) double chocolate pecan brownie that is just unctuous.  With a texture somewhere between a brownie and a dense cake, it is incredibly moist and decadent with chunks of chocolate chips buried in each bite.  It will not disappoint. There's also a VEGAN/GF buckwheat breakfast biscuit (mock-egg tofu scramble, avocado, roasted red pepper, sprouts) that's quite satisfying.  If you can tolerate some gluten, the sandwiches can be made with the miche (low-gluten I believe, but double-check).  
What's great about this place is that the staff are usually very knowledgeable about what goes into their products, and when they don't know, they're always happy to find out for you.  Just ask!  If the line up on the weekend says anything about this place, it's that they're doing things right.What a wonderful surprise! Popped into this GEM on short vaca to New Orleans. Wonderful service, wide variety (it was overwhelming in best way) and the food was delic! Parking is easy too!This bakery is awesome. Awesome is actually an understatement!
My favorite items are the veggie quiche, chocolate chip banana muffin, vegan croissants, gluten free brownie, and tofu egg salad sandwich. 
When my non-vegan family was in town for Christmas, I took them there. And they begged to go back for breakfast another day. 
This place is actually pretty inexpensive considering you are getting the most amazing desserts and sandwiches!!!! 
This place helps prove that New Orleans is incredibly vegan friendly.  
Go there!!!I take back everything I said about not being able to survive as a vegan in NOLA. Breads on Oak, more than a bakery. I'll be back.really good food.  As a vegan i'm glad they had options for me.  they made a breakfast biscuit that was soooo delicious. I highly recommend.We had a delicious cinnamon roll and the egg frittata sandwich. Also had some good coffee drinks. Really liked the place and the vibe. They had free samples of their bread since it was a Sunday. I think the only way the sandwich could have been better is to add bacon...yep I'm not vegan, but I still liked the food!2 years later and they've only gotten better. Today they had as a special:  pumpkin cheddar biscuit with tofu scramble, andouille, arugula. I tried the muffanada instead, a vegan muffuletta with olive salad and tempeh. Just as I commented in my review two years ago, this was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Just unbelievably delicious. I have NEVER enjoyed tempeh until today.
I am so happy to see their customer-base grow. And they've worked out the kinks with their coffee! The espresso I had today was on point. Not to mention these folks are still the sweetest customer service team around, and their space is incredibly welcoming and comfortable. Go nourish your body and soul with fresh, organic, vegan, gluten free, decadent, paleo, french, New Orleans, Oak street neighborhood bliss. Breads On Oak continues to be all of that.I can't recommend this place highly enough. I was in NOLA for six weeks on a job and this quickly became one of my favorite spots. Ironically, the first time I went in I walked out empty-handed. I was looking for an egg/potato breakfast and this is more of a bakery. But there was something about the vibe of the place that brought me back a few days later, this time for a bread basket and coffee, and I absolutely loved it. The quality -and taste- of the coffee and baked goods is great enough (not just bread, but also quiches, tarts, etc.), but it was also the atmosphere (great light for reading at any of the nice wood tables) and the genuinely friendly staff. I particularly enjoyed the baguette and the fruit loaf (both the raisin and the date versions), and the home made satsuma jam was fantastic. I occasionally took some of their baguette sandwiches to go, and they were equally yummy. I'm happy to be back home, but I so dearly miss this place.Love, love, love me some Breads on Oak!  I have never had anything that didn't taste good (only had the sweet goodies) and my fave is the coconut rosemary cookie.  And I went in today and to my delight they now offer a discount if you bring your reuseable coffee cup.  Parking is a pain in the butt but it's so worth it.  Super nice folks to boot.Scrumptious! I am not a health-food superfan, but I LOVE their yummy treats including their vegan tea biscuit. It's like a delicious moist-in-a-good-way scone. I could not believe it was vegan. They also have really friendly people working there, which always puts me in a good mood.
Great place for a coffee date with a friend, or for having a solo reading session.Wow. So this place just opened today and it is fantastic. First let me say they are sampling basically everything they have. Second let me say, basically everything they have is AWESOME. The breads, the muffins, the breads, the breads, and the breads. Not only that but they want to talk to you. They want your input. The Baker, Sean, and his wife, Chamain, seemed like awesome people. The place even had the feel of a little French bakery. The best part, this stuff is generally healthy. They have a bunch of vegan options also if you are into that kind of thing. 
Point of the story, get over there NOW!Beautiful Products. Everything I've sampled from soup to baked goods is spot-on. The baguettes are inspiring and artisanal, and the pain au chocolat is worth a big detour. Breads on Oak is one of the best ways to start the morning.This review is long over due, but Breads on Oak is phenomenal!
It's a cozy little cafe/bakery with enough seating to hangout and get some work done if you'd like. The daily spread of pastries is incredible and its hard not to drool on yourself while trying to pick out a few. You honestly can not go wrong with any of them! Everything is Organic, and all natural, so you never leave feeling sluggish either. The staff is super friendly and personable, and it makes you feel like part of the "family" while you're in there hanging out. I make it appoint to drop in any time in the area, if you have not been yet you are missing out!Great place, great bread... good baguette (almost French). A nice patio and a good choice of sandwich and pastries. The area (end of oak) is quiet and nice. At a walking distance of the levee. On Sunday they offer bread and jelly. Nice staff.We got here an hour before closing, so unfortunately some of the more desirable lunch options were no longer available. The sandwiches we did end up with, turkey and eggplant, were good but not remarkable. They did offer a fair selection of samples of breads and crackers, which is helpful to taste before you purchase- while the bread products here are beautiful they aren't inexpensive
I think the menu is dying for a little bit more variety- some charcuterie plates, or dips for breads. Even a couple of soups, please! to go with the sandwichesMy fiancé and I loved this place every morning for breakfast during our visit to NOLA back in Nov. 2016! We stayed in an Air BnB right down the street and would stop in for some coffee and the Vegan breakfast sandwiches. The employees were so sweet and we loved the fact that one of the girls was a SoCal native where we are from which gave us a lot to chat aboutBreads on Oak has a GREAT selection of TASTY breads and vegan treats- the chocolate chip walnut cookies are my current favorite (and a girl needs to get in her omega 3's, right?!).  I have taken the olive bread (it has a fancier name than that though) to many a party and it has always been a huge success!  The owners are so friendly and the space is very inviting and clean which is an added plus.Where else in New Orleans can you get an organic, ancient grains heritage bread, a in-house baked vegan croissant, and an artfully-rendered fruit tart? Everything here is amazing - from the non-vegan items to the vegan quiche. There are really few places that make perfect croissants in house, even in France they are switching to less labor-intensive methods. But this place is a true hold out for the art of bakery. 
The ambiance is lovely, the location allows for ample parking (of cars or bikes), and the owners are genuinely good people. 
The weekly selection is awesome, and I love how they use local, organic, and whole wheat for many of their items. Its a kind of choose-your-own level of decadence!Best bakery in New Orleans. They have something for everybody whether you're a vegan or seafood-loving carnivore you won't leave disappointed. On top of that, the atmosphere is incredibly welcoming and it feels like you're in an old-world bakery.Super excited to have found this bakery!! They have great vegan options and everyone is super friendly!!
Had the most amazing sandwich and three desserts-- heavenly!!
5 stars!! 5 stars!!We had some guests visiting for the holidays which included life long meat eaters and a low maintenance vegan (in a pinch, just throw her a head of lettuce and box of Oreo's). 
We headed out for lunch and some siteseeing on Saturday. The "vegan" search on Yelp suggested "Bread on Oak".  This place is hidden at the far end of Oak but definitely worth the search and there is the benefit of available street parking.
When you step through the door, you are confronted with a large display case of baked goods and a even larger menu.  Place your order and find a place to wait for the food.  Saturday afternoon, there was a steady stream of customers coming through the door, but never more than 3 or 4 in line.  Fortunately, most of the business is take-out.  Seating is cozy with maybe 15 - 20 seats inside and more outside.
This turned out to be Vegan heaven.  Our guest, who spent the last decade frequenting vegan restaurants in NYC and Chicago, was very impressed with the offering.  Having said that, there is plenty on the menu for flesh eaters.  The mushroom soup was maybe the best I have ever had.  Great bread, lots of texture and taste without the experience of chewing on tree bark.  It made an average turkey sandwich worth coming back for.  The  non-vegans raved about the quiche.  I was a little surprised to find that the drink choices are limited to non carbonated beverages.  Fine, give me a glass of the free water.  
Definitely plan to visit again.If there is ever a place that could be considered Vegan Valhalla on Earth, housed in one single business, it's this Bakery! Oh, if Odin the god could have visited here too. A travel weary warrior can feast here for days. As I found out too, there is an AirBnB housed in the building. Now, just think of waking up (Wed-Sunday) going out the door, then right into the Cafe for your breakfast and coffee and a VEGAN sweet treat to start your day in NOLA. I am Star Struck and have been blessed by the Gods of Asgard. Frigg the goddess, must have been the muse for this place, because there is a great deal of amazing female energy here. The creative nature of the food options must be super hero inspired! This place is truly a slice of heaven and the flour must have been milled by Thor's hammer, and it can even be shared with your non-vegan family and friends. It's a NOLA Gem, an infinity stone, from front to back top to bottom and from the people who service the bakery in the back to the Counter help that delighted me with the news, "Oh, you should ask me what is Not Vegan, rather than what is." 99% of this place is Vegan fare and you will not be disappointed, vegan or not! Sure, some of it's a bit pricey, but I'll tell you this, I would gladly pay a bit more for better ingredients and a healthier option for my tummy! So, if you are ever in the NOLA area go by here and grab a bite to eat, it will have you quivering from Brain to Booty with orgasmic delight. But Please, don't twerk over my muffins! If you want to feast with the gods of NOLA or take a bit of pirate treasure home, then my friends, this is the place to check out. Gluten free options too and so much vegan love, it's like getting a foodie hug with a cup of Java. I had a cup of Cafe Latte, the Cinnamon Rasin Roll and the Veggie Quiche.  I took for my flight home, the Coconut Rosemary Cookie GF and a Vegan Bueberry Brioche, Damn Life is good! The only thing better would be this bakery being open every day of the week, but then, what would I have to look forward to if I wasn't deprived and teased just a bit. LOL.  Rock on 'Breads on Oak,' rock on you sirens of salivation!Brilliant bakery for loaves, cakes, soups, pies n pasties; we trust they'll keep up the good work and great service too!Breads on Oak is one of those places that, if when I'm 80 years old and have moved away, I will still be reminiscing with my friends: "Remember when we used to go to Breads on Oak?" I hope there is a Breads on Oak in heaven so we can go there on Wednesday mornings for eternity. Great service. Fresh herbs outside. Enchanting patio inside/outside. The wonderful breads, pastries and coffee are just the icing on the cake. I am proud to have found this place.This place promises healthy options to suit most diets, vegan and gluten-free included, but like most places in New Orleans, it can't and doesn't want to be just that. It also offers up plenty of classically indulgent bakery items. My long-awaited first visit (too long, really), suggests that they are quite capable of executing both sides of their concept.
The buckwheat roll with tofu and sprouts certainly tasted like health food, which I'm cool with but I imagine not all will be. However, the cinnamon walnut roll I added was as gigantic and delightfully sugary. Sure to satisfy even a carnivorous Southerner. I took my time with it.
The place runs as a cafe (with plenty more items I would like to try) and as a bakery (with delicious looking fresh loaves, a basket for cheap and presumably less fresh leftovers, and things like "adult" flavored king cakes). The building looks small, but has outdoor seating, a bit of a bar, tables, and a hidden courtyard. On a nice day, it looks to be quite the place to eat. Admittedly, I came when the other place I thought to try was crowded, but here I only just beat the crowd on a weekend morning. It wasn't overly expensive either, as health-food-y places can be.
The only real drawback I can see, if you want to call it that, is that the location is a bit out there from downtown New Orleans, pushing right up to the edge of Orleans Parish. But wandering through the outskirts of a city often has its rewards.Great food, great people, amazing atmosphere! I went here while I was in town for Mardi Gras, and I can honestly say it's one of the, if not the best, place I went to while down in New Orleans. I highly recommend making the trip down to Oak St.I imagine this place is what heaven smells like. So many vegan treats here, all were amazing and everyone was so nice! We went here so many times during our visit to NOLA. This is a must try if you're in town. I do have a warning though, be careful driving here. The roads leading up have so many potholesGreat spot in the Uptown neighborhood. Indoor and outdoor seating. We went because it was a beautiful day and so we could sit outside with our dog. We went for lunch and they sell a combination of coffee, pastries, sandwiches, soups, and more. Everything is so fresh and so delicious. I will definitely go back when I am NOLA again.Excellent gluten free and vegan hot breakfast options. We tried the egg o'vegan on the buckwheat biscuit (gluten free and vegan) as well as the Scramble Buckwheat Biscuit (gluten free and vegan). Both were hot, tasty, filling and out of the ordinary. Their buckwheat biscuit was crumbly, and surprisingly not dry. 
The oatmeal cranberry cookie (gluten free and vegan) was tasty and mildly sweet, the coconut rosemary cookie (gluten free and vegan) was sweeter but both were good. 
The cinnamon roll (vegan) was a large portion but just okay according to my husband who flexes. 
Overall, I'd recommend Breads on Oak for a hot vegan gluten free breakfast. 
Happy Eats!Such a delight to support a local, health oriented restaurant. The sandwiches here are superb, with fast service and friendly staff. I look forward to trying some of their baked goods.Wasn't really impressed. The coffee wasn't good. Outdoor seating was decent but the hose leaking soaked the whole area and wasn't ideal for a laptop study kinda day and my dogs got muddy. The selection of breads is good. Had a few things- just didn't order the correct things. Not a huge fan of meat and eggs which is half the "vegan menu" didn't make sense to me. I still have no idea how I end up spending over $40 in here.The variety is amazing and the menu caters greatly to VEGANs. Usually vegan stuff tastes atrocious, but the vegan sandwiches and cakes here hit the spot. It's not very expensive which I truly appreciate. The workers are super friendly as well, and the feeling of knowing that your food and bread comes straight from the restaurant, where you can see employees working busily at the products just makes your dining experience so authentic and divine. 
Some cookies do taste a little too healthy... But what do you expect from Vegan + GF + sugar free combinations. Might as well not get a "treat".You all saved my morning! After being offered cut up avocados and black beans from a near by cafe as a "vegan meal" I quickly walked to Breads on Oak. Best decision I ever made. I had the Shepard's Pie Pasty which was mind blowing. The raisins and cinnamon were a beautiful touch and the pastry flaky and buttery (without the butter!). Staff was warm and friendly and happily pointed out everything that was vegan (which is A LOT). I also ordered the seasonal fruit tart which was grapefruit today and it was light and refreshing. I will definitely be here more often.Breads on Oak is a really special place. Located at the very end of oak street, it would be easy to miss if you didn't know it was there--but that would be a shame!! Breads on oak has a great selection of sandwiches and pastries with lots of options for both vegans and non-vegans. I can confidently say that their vegan frittata (which consists of vegan eggs, cheese, caramelized onions, spinach and tomatoes on a croissant-yum!!) is the best sandwich I've had since becoming a vegan nearly six months ago. Their vegan eggs & cheese tasted so real i almost didn't believe it at first! I went with a non-vegan friend who tried it and said he couldn't even taste the difference. He had a turkey & cheese sandwich and said it was amazing also! 
      Breads on Oak was recommended to me by a friend months ago, and although it took me a while to get there, I'm so glad I finally listened to his advice! I'm now determined to try all of their vegan sandwiches and pastries. 
      As for the atmosphere, this bakery is a very cozy and welcoming space. The staff were so friendly and helpful. Breads on Oak has an open layout in which you can see into the back where they bake all of their breads right there! The outdoor courtyard is the perfect size, not too big but with lots of plants and flowers, making it the perfect spot to sit with friends on a sunny day. I've also heard that there is a friendly Breads on Oak cat that frequents the courtyard, although I have yet to meet him/her. I guess that's just another excuse to go back!
      All in all, Breads on Oak went above and beyond my expectations. If you are in the area, you should definitely stop by!!I have a gluten intolerance but sometimes I just want bread. The lady who helped me was so nice and told me which breads would be best for me.
She took time to explain the differences in ingredients and processing that makes this more tolerable for me.
She was very friendly and helpful and the bread was delicious.Super sweet staff and love the food. So happy to have this addition to Oak Street. Vegan deliciousness! Almond milk for coffee! The vegan king cake is AMAZING. My boyfriend and I ended up finishing it in one day. It was just so fresh and scrumptious! I believe it's a cinnamon walnut coffee cake that they have that I adore. Vegan breakfast sandwiches? Delicious fresh baked breads? Croissants! I CAN GET A VEGAN CROISSANT! IN NEW ORLEANS! I've heard they've had filled (v) donuts and they make (v) beignets sometimes, which sadly I have yet to have :'( One day!! I wish they either opened a little earlier so I could get there before work or stayed open a little later, but it's probably for the best that I can't get there too often!After a year of living in New Orleans I finally found my go-to spot. Should have come here sooner! They make quality product with quality ingredients; I still haven't tried anything that isn't delicious. I like that they make some different pastries and cakes so there is almost always something new to try, but the staples are still always there. I think my favorite so far is the chocolate croissant--but then, can you ever go wrong with chocolate? Also, if you eat on the patio you will make a little kitty friend... he may be strategically trying to get you to share your food, but I like to think that he just wants to hang out.I have been wanting to visit this place for months; I finally made it there for lunch yesterday. The sandwiches: turkey, roast beef, & eggplant were average. The brownie, croissant was heavenly! The decor is lovely Parisian style just like their bread! The only gripe I have is that the lady behind he counter could have been at least a little friendly?! No smile, no thank you, I asked her if the eggplant was good- no response.. Just wrote it down and that's all? We are in Nola, not Paris.. We are friendly, smile, helpful, accommodating, & warm down here. Just a suggestion: have a meeting with personnel to adjust their attitudes with customers.I have been trying to go to Breads for months and I finally got to experience it and I am sad to say that I have experienced better. I tried the chocolate, almond croissant and a bite of the brownie and both I was just not blown away. The brownie, I could have made myself and the croissant was ok. The girls at the counter were nice and helpful. If I went back, I would try more of the regular breads than the sweets. 
Side note: If you are vegan or gluten free, you will like Breads since they do cater towards that customer.I'm so glad I found this place while on vacation! We ordered: muffanada, eggless sandwich, cinnamon roll, carrot cake, and brownies. All were amazing!This place is a pretty new place and it has entered the local scene with a bang. They are obviously doing good business, which speaks for itself. 
I will get the things I do not like about the place out of the way first. Their hours are terrible. They only open Thursday through Sunday.Places like this and I just do not get along. I am always the klutz that comes on that one day that a business is closed and this one just happens to be closed 3 days out of the week! They open at 8 which is a bit late for me to enjoy their morning snacks. Then they close at 3 which makes it impossible to pick up something after work! The parking can be difficult if you get there right at lunch time when the surrounding businesses are busy. They are prone to run out of bread early at times...so it is a good idea to get there early if you really really want something! Oh, and one more thing... this place is going to ruin my figure! I am becoming a bread addict all over gain...something I fought hard to beat years ago!
If you have read this far and you got past the prickly stuff, you are in for one treat after another when you visit Breads on Oak. The first thing you will notice is that they have done a fabulous job with the renovation. If you had ever ventured in here before, it used to be a dark and somber building inside. Now it is full of light with nice wood accents and  lovely flooring, tastefully decorated with an classic New Orleans feel yet fully furnished with modern equipment. The bathrooms are super clean and sparkly and they have a lovely small patio in the back. But nice decor does not do much for me...that is not why I gave this place 5 stars. Where do I start? 
Bread. The bread and the other little baked goods are all outstanding! Lets begin with that classic New Orleans tradition of which you can find many fine examples in our great city...the baguette. It is fluffy inside and perfectly crispy on the outside and almost cheesy and a bit chewy at the same time. I can remember having this same oooh aaah experience when I first had my first baguette at the old Le Ruth's. Not that there is a lot in common here with that other baguette except for the oooh aaaah! They have this rich Danish Blue Cheese bread that was well worth breaking my diet for! More subtle is an Olive Provence bread that tastes like olives and a hint of garlic... delicious! I could sit here and describe each and every bread they have... the nuttiness... the hints of flavors... the texture...but you will have to experience it yourself. I have not had a bread that was less than excellent in the bunch... and I think I have tried them all! 
The sweets are just the lagniappe.. really! But what a lagniappe they are. My son is a chocolate chip cookie monster and he said that cookie was hard to beat! He has had them all over town. I bought some brownies and shared them with my friends and I kept hearing the same comments over and over..."These are the best ever!" Many of their sweet treats are low sugar and vegan too, including the brownies! The vegan owner does not like advertising that fact, but I am like "What? I get to eat the most delicious brownies and they are not going to kill me?" I think there are a lot of people in this city that would like to know this. But she may have a point...people in this city like rich food!
They have these awesome-looking sandwiches for lunch I have not yet tried. I have also not tried their coffee...do they even sell coffee? I may have to find out for you and come back to tell. I have been so busy munching up their breads that I missed all that! Their usual sandwiches look very healthy. But I had one they made specially for PoBoy Fest. I think they should sell stuff like that!
This sandwich was not for the purist. It was not made on French bread... it was more like a long rectangular pastry or toasted croissant stuffed with cheese and seafood...loaded with crabmeat and crawfish...Sorry, but I will be heretical here! Famous crawfish bread by you-know-who move over! This sandwich cannot be beat!
The owners are the nicest people! And their staff is always pleasant and helpful and efficient. As a previous business owner myself, I appreciate when I can sample and the staff takes the time to inform me about their product. This is not Walmart! You can spend much more time waiting for product at many other places.I do not get the reviewers that say their service is too slow. I find it adequate. And I have been here quite a few times. 
I always show up when they are closed. They probably hate to see me coming!  They have never shown it. They have been so so patient with me... This part of town had been needing a place like this. They are actually a great addition to the whole city, as far as I am concerned! 
I could take a star off for their hours. But that would have put this place at the same level as any other good bakery in town.. and it really is a solid notch above the rest. Fair is fair!I thought I loved breads on Oak, but it seems it was a fleeting crush.  Thing is, the breads are great, and the location is great, but the service is too slow.  "May I offer you a sample?", No, I just want my bread and want out ASAP.  It annoys me no end to be behind the heifer who wants to sample EVERYTHING before making a buying decision.  This place needs 2 lanes, one for those who want to stand in a buffet line, and one who want to spend their money hard and fast.  I would have spent more there, but I was pissed that I had the experience that I did.  The longer you make me wait to spend my money, the less of it I am willing to part with.
I also have to mention that they DID get someone up to help with the line. So, the guest before me had two employees helping them.  I was still just waiting to buy and leave. Buy and leave. Buy and leave.  Have you enjoyed MY sample?
I do love their product line, I just wish it wasn't so hard to get.  I will only enter if no one is at the counter, and then I will see what happens...I find that New York vegan bakeries offer too many things on the sweet side of the spectrum: cupcakes with icing with so much sugar that you feel the crystals crunch between your teeth. Here, wow,  it's as good as it gets in terms of offering a variety of both savory and sweet goods, made with only natural ingredients!
There is a large oven in the kitchen churning out fresh loaves of bread. The selection includes:  Irish soda, ancient grains, olive provence, Rosemary herb, cheesy brioche.. things you'd find in a countryside French boulangerie. 
Cupcakes loaded with artificial food coloring and margarine are not to be found here, thank God. instead, they offer sweets made with real ingredients!!! I believe the menu featured muffins made with Apple fig, Strawberry Banana, Date Nut, Pineapple Coconut, Pumpkin Pecan, Orange Cranberry.. nommm.
But my favorite might be their rotating menu of tarts and quiches. For a quick bite, I chose cashew ricotta" artichoke tart with mushroom bourginon soup. These may be the highlight of my day!!!! Utter vegan goodness.... Even without the meat, the bourgignon's deep flavors had not been lost, and enhanced by wine, just spot on. The tart was crunchy and moist, certainly not cheesy but was light on my palate without the gooey dairy. 
For my study snack, I got a pistachio cardamom cookie to go. I had a brief love affair with cardamom last winter.. The cookie rekindled the love for this exotic herb yet gain.  Wonderful. 
Will be back again, without a doubt, because the baked goods sold elsewhere will never taste the same again!We were visiting and loved the pastries so much, we came back for seconds. Check this place out and support local businesses!We purchased a loaf and baguette and it was about $14. I thought this was a little pricey. I understand they use very good ingredients but the size was very small also. I felt a little rushed the fire I didn't notice that the baguette was not sliced on,y the loaf when I asked for both to be sliced. Oh well maybe next time. I will return because the breads had a good flavor and texture but will check my bag before I leave. Oh and they have a section where you sample all their breads. This allowed me to add an extra star!I love that this place is now 100% vegan. I love everything about the place. I have gone there since they have opened and will support it, BUT, every time I go there and the owners are not present, the service is bad. This has happened on two occasions, when it has taken 30 minutes to get food delivered to the table. The staff is apologetic and the seem to think that is OK, as long as they are sorry. 
On a positive note, the house made burger is good. It's somewhat expensive ($12)  but it's good. but bun is too small for everything on it.
Just get the service consistent.I am so impressed with this bakeries menu- a mostly vegan bakery (finally!) that can cater to meat eaters too. The BEST sandwich of my life, to date, was from Breads on Oak. I ordered the "Live Food" with avocado, carrots, cucumbers, sprouts and miso spread. Sounds super simple, but it was absolute perfection. The bread is moist, fluffy and does not at all feel filling. The miso spread is the perfect amount of flavor addition to the veganaise spread. Still dreaming about this sandwich. My in-laws ordered TLTA and Egg O'Vegan and we all cleaned our plates. 
I hope to visit New Orleans again soon, specifically for Breads on Oak.Finally some competition for La Boulangerie! And much better. The breads are delicious and the sandwiches, though Irish names abound, are quite French. For it being a New Orleans bakery, I think it genius to have Irish tea biscuits rather than English scones. And fortunately, for those who enjoy baked goods more on the European side, the pastries are far less heavy, more delicate and the flavors fuller than any other bakery in New Orleans. 
I had the salmon and goat cheese (chevre) sandwich, and was so pleased that the bakers and chefs in the kitchen understand that less can be more - rather than lathering on cheeses in popular fashion, a light, flavorful layer of fresh goat cheese imparts the distinctive flavor but light feel, and the smoked salmon fresh and satisfying. Excellent bread. The chocolate croissant had the proper dark chocolate, and a crisp, soft croissant, which unlike at competing bakeries, was not weighed down in butter. Very nice cup of coffee. The green, gazpacho-like soup was a bit garlicky, so I imagine it will be toned down or removed from the menu soon. 
Overall a rare, excellent bakery and delicious café. I look forward to returning often for a light lunch or morning pastry and coffee.The largest, most diverse, and highest quality selection of artisan bread and pastries in  New Orleans.  All of Bread on Oak's offerings are made with the best organic ingredients and feature many vegan and gluten free options.
Authentic flaky Pain au Chocolat. Moist, brown sugary carrot cake.  Banana walnut brownies. Blue cheese bread.  Sausage bread.  Huge boules dusted with flour. Once I had a scallop quiche here.  Sweet lumps of scallop melted into creamy egg.  It was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  
All of their pastries look rustic and made with attention to detail.  They are beautifully presented on the counter.  The bakery has a huge prep area and the sexiest looking giant gleaming ovens. There are a handful of little tables where you can sit and enjoy.  You can get espresso, coffee, fancy sodas/beverages, and a really good European style baguette sandwich like eggplant and goat cheese or turkey and field greens. 
The owner studied and has been certified with some of the best pastry makers in France, but is humble and welcoming.  Last time I was here on a sunday morning, the uptown neighborhood people were streaming in.  The owner was on a first name basis with most of his customers, and thanked everyone, over and over again, for coming.Amazing baked goods. This is a little gem near the end of Oak Street. Breads, pastries, cookies and such. Vegan choices are readily available and delicious as well.Best place ever. Vegan almond chocolate croissant. Life changing.We are in town visiting and my husband is vegan and absolutely loved this place. We only ordered baked goods and all were delicious. The king cake was AMAZING! We plan to return to buy a whole one to take home with us.Y'all know that I have a serious bread addiction, right? And the whole carb-free diet would require me having my jaw wired shut.  So obviously, I was excited to hear about a new bakery.
And then I saw Susan W post something online about stopping in today...AND I could drive past on my way to my parents. PLUS I was doing computer work for my parents so I was going to earn some baked goods.
Gira is right; the bakers are generous with their samples.  So much so that I ended up buying beau coup bread.  I bought their big pain au levain (maybe) loaf which is like a supercrusty sourdough. The baker said he could live on that & butter and yeah.  I also bought a sweet bread with almonds and grapes, again amazing.  E got a pineapple & coconut muffin which is light and not overly sweet and the fruit flavor really shines. Finally, I got a chocolate chip cooking which was rich and delicious and again not too sweet.
For the summer they are only open on Friday & Saturdays. I can't remember the opening time that was posted at the door (but not on their website) but I'm guessing they will close when they run out...and at 3 today they didn't have a lot of stock left.Breads on Oak is absolutely incredible. The baked goods are seriously out of this world. My girlfriend is vegan, and we initially took a cab from the Quarter to taste this deliciousness. After one visit, we had to come back and get basically one of everything to take back on the plane to New York. Worth it? Yup. Sean and Chamain seriously need to release a cook book ASAP. Until then, I'll look forward to my next trip!Amazing! Came here for breakfast and had a huge array of options, also super delicious and very friendly and nice staff. Ye ye.Been here twice for Sunday breakfast and been extremely satisfied both times. Inexpensive, Healthy, friendly Staff, Nice Property. A solid choice.The lady at the counter is a blast of sunshine!!! Much needed on a slow morning :)
I got an iced Irish coffee: I know that's not special for NOLA, but in the rest of the country getting a nice drink at an organic bakery is unheard of. I also ordered an almond filled cinnamon roll. Like an almond croissant but in a cinnamon roll?!?! Amazing! I also bought a croissant- yes I do carb overload sometimes- and it was nearly perfection. A little small, but crisp, flaky and buttery the way croissants are supposed to be! I had one yday that tasted like unsalted white bread lol! I think it's the labor and use of ingredients but it's hard to find a 'real' croissant! Breads on Oak has the real!
Great spot! I'd definitely come back again... and again... and... againBusy little local bakery, selling delicious breads of all kinds.  Coffee shop too... tasty muffins, etc..  I just love the croissants, they are just as good as if you are in France, the real deal.  Nice atmosphere, couple of out side tables appeared this morning on this warm sunny day.  They have good lunch items too... quiche and soups etc..  Try them out.Best vegan food in New Orleans. We tried everything y'all had to offer, NOLA, and we were worried we'd leave unimpressed. Breads on Oak was perfect. Brioche?! I'd never had one. It was amazing. The tempeh olive sandwich was awesome. The location is excellent, seating outside was nice. The point of sale spot is a little crammed and awkward, but the staff handles it with chill.Fantastic! Excellent soup, sandwich, and amazing cinnamon rolls! The staff was very friendly and helpful as well!This place is wonderful...pastries, quiches and sandwiches OH MY. The employees are top notch, they are friendly and want to help you find what you need to enjoy the perfect meal. Everything was made with healthy local ingredients which makes me a happy camper! Thanks for making my breakfasts in NOLA delicious. When I am back in the area I will stop in for more fantastic food!What a place!!!! We started yet again an effort to clean our eating act for healthier choices and  this place makes it a lot easier. This bakery offers superbly delicious options which is a key factor in order to continue our plan. We had perfect breads and cookies made out of whole grains, yummy options for vegans. It is  clean, a warm place with warm staff. I LOVED IT....I never write reviews on yelp. In fact, this is my first review, ever, and this place is the reason I'm writing it. Breads on Oak is amazing. The pastries and breads are clearly made with love and passion that I haven't tasted anywhere else. This is my go to place when I am in the need to get my carbs on.The rumbles are a tasty and healthy way to start the day, with some iced coffee of course.Went there expecting to eat bread or a croissant.  Wow, what a pleasant surprise to find a variety of simply delicious organic baked goods. I'm not a "sweets"  type person but this was definitely worth the calories. Wonderful creations of flavor combinations!Frittata Breakfast sandwich with free-range eggs, 3 cheeses, béchamel, roasted tomato & arugula...eggs were perfectly cooked throughout but still fluffy and airy. Add a hint of the cheeses and béchamel for some creamy texture to go with the couple thin wedges of tomatoes and slightly sautéed arugula - both which added more texture and that nice breakfasty taste of the toms!I really like this place. The vegan carrot cake is awesome, and I'm not even vegan. There are always plenty of people working and offering to assist. I still want to try their "cruffins" which I believe are a croissant-like muffin. The vegan walnut brownies are also very very good. I have not tried any of their breads, but they look very good. They even had vegan king cake! They don't only have vegan items though.  I wish there was more seating. The kitchen area is way bigger than the seating area.I planned on spending a lot of money here buying individual pastries for my coworkers on Nurse's Week, but I'm so glad I went elsewhere. The prices were too high $4.50 for a small muffin that tasted blah. The frittata came with over cooked eggs, a tiny piece of tomato and three leaves of arugula on a dry, tasteless bread. I think there was supposed to be cheese on it, I didn't see any. I couldn't even finish the sandwich. The coffee even had a plain, generic flavor. I did not like anything I ate from there. The smell that was ever present inside was a mix between sour milk and oven cleaner. A bakery is supposed to smell, well, like a bakery. I will say that the employees were nice, especially since I was the first customer of the day. I want to support this local business but I had to go to Whole Foods for the assortment of pastries I needed for my friends. 
Should've gone to Willa Jean.For almost ten years I have pined for the chocolate croissants from here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-besalu-seattle-2
and the rustic baguettes from here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/grand-central-bakery-seattle-3
I could find nothing close in New Orleans. Now when I go to visit Seattle I can really concentrate on being with old friends. I am not stuffing my suitcase with croissants and baguettes to take home. Breads on Oak makes fine, fine bread - specifically the baguettes and chocolate croissants of my dreams.I wish they would let me live here, like the little cat in their courtyard. We would take naps together outside in the sun, while devouring delicious pieces of quiche, cinnamon rolls, and baguettes, until our tummies finally sated, we dozed off, visions of cake balls dancing in our head.
(PS- Don't actually try to eat until you are so full you pass out on the floor in their couryard. I haven't tried it yet, but I feel like management might not enjoy it as much if humans did it vs. their cute feline friends.)This is a little gem in New Orleans, that I encourage anyone to visit. Their baked goods are fantastic, and Ree is super friendly and helpful. I look forward to going back for lunch soon. This visit, my family got a dark chocolate brownie, a double chocolate cookie, a sesame ciabatta roll, and a piece of bread pudding with whiskey sauce; and it's all wonderful.Love their breads! Great little place to go have a croissant and coffee. I also love their veggie sandwich  options. The eggplant sandwich is amazing!Absolutely, hands down THE BEST bakery in New Orleans for organic, all natural pastries, breakfast pastries and sooooo many more scrumptious items. Can't get enough of this place!  Do think it's a bit cheeky to charge for pats of butter given the price of they're baked goods but I will never stop coming to this place. Luv!I love the super casual, cozy style of this place.  Perfect place for lunch!  While they have many delicious vegan options, they have even more delicious pastries that are not vegan at all.  Pastries, sandwhiches, breads, soups, this place is great!SO nice stumbling upon this place and finding such delicious, organic bread made with real sourdough starter, instead of the white bread "sourdough-ish" junk you find most places. Delicious, extensive selection of pastries (finally, a croissant that is actually flaky, not soggy!), super friendly staff, relaxed and welcoming atmosphere, eco friendly (food is served on wax paper in little baskets), and free samples tray so you can decide which loaves to take home with you. Not cheap, but good value for the quality of the products.
Total neighborhood jem.So far, they're only open Thursday through Sunday, so plan accordingly. Vegan goods--lots of them, and you'll find them delicious whether or not you are vegan. The bread is wonderful, the pastries are great, the cakes, the brownies, the muffins, the cookies--all excellent. Always changing, too--always something new.Without a doubt the most amazing vegan bakery I've ever been too. The Big Daddy burger is also one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had!I work at Still Perkin' (don't get me started). For a long time we were trying to discard our old and tired pastries. My first thought was to supply the LGD with Breads material.
Because they're awesome.
Organic? Check. 
Vegan? Whole menu of stuff.
Free bread on Sundays? Betcho ass. 
I could go on about the flavor, the quality, freshness, all that. Others beat me to it. But check this out: talk to an employee there. Any freakin' one of them. 
They are never unhappy. And that speaks volumes about the owners, the setup, the product, and maybe even a little about the clientele. Maybe.
Courtyard with cat visits? Oooooh yeah!
Also, check it, they compost their waste daily. It's an enviable pile.In short I ABSOLUTELY love this place!  Exceptional service, yummy sandwiches and deserts!  I'm pacing myself because..Bread lol but the goal is to eat through the entire menu!First time in the Big Easy. Herewith the family and I.T hasn't been easy getting vegan out with and about here especially with the family. This place is worth the uber ride and has everything for everyone!  I highly recommend coming here!! Absolutely delicious!!!Coming to New Orleans during Mardi Gras with a toddler seemed like a good idea when we booked our tickets, then last minute I got so nervous... Wait we don't eat meat, wait we are lactose intolerant... What was I thinking?! Turns out this town does it all! Food here is amazing, they even have vegan king cake :) so dorks like us can experience tradition too. And they have a fun ramp my kid enjoyed running down on the patio. Tasty, fun and seemingly the real deal.Visited Breads on Oak while in town for Jazz Fest. Such a lovely, inviting space in a quaint neighborhood of Nola. The bread was outstanding, especially the croissants. My main regret was not getting some for the drive home. The coffee was very good, and every pastry I tried was outstanding. My girlfriend is vegan, I am very much not, and Breads had items that both of us found absolutely delicious while staying within her dietary restrictions. 
Breads on Oak will be on my shortlist of recommendations for when friends of mine visit Nola.My boyfriend and I love this place! We are new to New Orleans but heard about this place when we first got here. They have so many amazing vegan options that we love. We had our first piece of King cake the other day and we're so happy that just because we're vegan, doesn't mean we have to miss out on some of the culinary delights of the city. Even on a busy Sunday morning, everyone working there was cheerful, ready to answer any questions and happy to express how much they love the food too. I don't have any pictures of the food because when it's in front of me all I can think about is devouring it!Awesome selection. Wonderful and knowledgable staff. Customer service always wins my vote. I love local artisansBest croissants I have had outside of Paris! Seriously, they are good. Each one tastes like it was made with an entire stick of butter and then poofed up in flaky croissant heaven and lovingly served to you in a precious little paper lined wicker basket. I have dreams about these croissants and reguarly drive across town on a Sunday morning to partake in what is becoming my pre-Saints game day ritual. The bread is quite wonderful too. My favorite is the multi grain. It is this super dense, moist and delicious selection and this particular loaf will keep longer than most. 
There is a surprisingly large selection of gluten free and vegan goods here. Which you would never know based on taste. There is very little on the menu here that is too bland or too dry.  Even the half of the sandwich selection is vegan. But don't roll your eyes! This carnivore will eat the hell out of one of their livefood sandwiches! It's just a nice departure from my typical dinner of steak nachos or BBQ.
The staff is always chipper and pleased to tell you about any of the baked goods if you have a question. They also never rush you, which is nice for when you just can't decide between the quiche or a cinnamon roll. 
The only complaint I have is a small one. On Sunday there is a large tray of free bread samples. Sounds good right? Well it is until you see a man walk in and proceed to stuff his mouth with said samples over the bread tray, crumbs flying everywhere, licking his fingers, then going back through the samples, testing each one for firmness, putting a sample back, grabbing another and repeating the process. ewwwwwwwwww
Breads on Oak, please fix that!Great vegan bakery with great sandwiches as well! This place and the area is so beautiful, and the patio with outdoor seating outside, when it was alive, they used to have like the biggest and tallest papaya tree in the city with dozens of papayas! It was so cool! Also I love the bakery options, it was great for when I was first going vegan and wanted to try all that stuff too! Sandwiches are great, just make sure to ask for them heated unless you want a cold sandwich, service is great! I once came here and the owner was there, it wasn't too busy and the owner sat down with me and my dad and talked to us about his diet and opening the business for like an hour, it was really cool! Only request id have is that it would be nice if they had a little bit of the fresh food options like smoothies or juices, but if not I hear there is a place that serves that down the street. Anyway most of the food I have had here has been either amazing or pretty good, I've been here so many times there was one time I actually didn't enjoy the food. It is a nice place that I'd recommend to anyone! Oh also the place is Pet friendly and I got to bring my dog! Loved that!This was a fantastic restaurant. This was our (me and my partner) first time here and the staff were very helpful. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was quaint and comfortable. 
Definitely check it out if you're vegan and you're looking for options. I probably would not bring a non-vegan unless they were open to trying new foods.The food is good but the owner is totally overbearing! I cringe every time I see her interacting with the employees or customers.Finally got to this bakery on my last trip to New Orleans and boy did it not disappoint! SO MANY vegan choices including a vegan  "egg" sandwich on a flaky biscuit and delicious almond cream filled cinnamon rolls.
We also took a most wonderful vegan King Cake home. So very delicious!
The only sad thing? They're closed on Mondays so we couldn't get back on our way out of town!Free charging but across the sidewalk,  the half assed solution the City of New Orleans tolerates since they still don't allow it curbside. 
My new favorite bakery. Good coffee,  great bread, free electrons. 
A lot of accent on vegan stuff,  but hey,  hipsters demand it today so it's good business. 
And very pleasant atmosphere,  staff and the mandatory sidewalk seating. 
Will be back,  in my Leaf.This place is unparalleled in NOLA for vegan pastry. And everything else is amazing, too. But the pastry. I had an almond cream filled walnut cinnamon bun that was one of  the most satisfying things I've ever enjoyed in my entire life! It was sublime. Transcendant. A peak experience. The "plain" walnut cinnamon bun is incredible. The chocolate chip cookie, incredible. The coconut rosemary cookie, incredible. Do you see the pattern? The cheddar egg bisuit. How do they get the "egg" to be so "eggy?" Incredible. The buckwheat egg biscuit, not as good as the cheddar biscuit. Which is too say, darn good (especially if you're gluten free). The employees are so lovely even when I hemmed and hawed over which item to next take home. Or which coffe size was the best choice for me. I mean, I was a pretty annoying customer and they didn't bat an eyelash. 
I think heaven could be sitting on their patio with the periodical of your choice. The cat mewing softly nearby. The perfect pastry and delicious coffee at your fingertips. 
I will stop here the minute I next arrive in New Orleans. I will come back to New Orleans just to eat here!I really love how there are so many vegan options offered. Everything is quite delicious, but some items are special than others. I have tried both live food and la pecan salads, toasted eggplant, love food, eggless salad, mushroom pate sandwiches, étouffée and cabbage soups, and plenty of the sweet treats. I love love love the vegan croissants. They are quite special. I just wish they were offered everyday. My boyfriend enjoys their regular croissants, and ate a vegan one by mistake (I had bought it for me, and a regular one for him), and didn't know it was vegan until I asked him why he was eating mine, lol. I grew up in SF, and had endless vegan options to try on a daily basis, so I am drawn to vegan items that are less common- fruit tarts, quiches, croissants, pumpkin cheddar biscuit breakfast sandwiches.  I also enjoy their breads and lattes. I try to come here for lunch if I am working nearby. One negative is that a siècle sandwich I've salad isn't enough for lunch. I end up needing two items (soup and sandwich, salad and sandwich) to feel full, so I end up paying over $15 for two items and a latte for lunch. I do have to note that this price range seems about right when compared to other organic healthy restaurants I've frequented in the sf Bay Area.Best sandwiches in New Orleans - whether you're a vegan or not. We try not to let a week go by without ordering the Muffanada (olive salad, smoky maple tempeh, vegan cheese on delicious seeded ciabatta) and the Pumpkin cheddar biscuit (w/ tofu scramble and vegan sausage). Their vegan chocolate chip and walnut cookies are also incredibly tasty. So happy this place exists!!!I'm not ordinarily someone who would seek out a vegan bakery, but this place has changed my mind. These are authentic European baked goods, and the quality is spot-on.  Best brioche I've ever had, period!  Friendly staff and very attractive location as well. Will be back.Wow- this place is awesome. The staff is friendly and helpful, the food is phenomenal (I had the pumpkin cheddar biscuit and was very happy that I did), and the bread is delicious! 10/10 recommend coming here, vegan or not! Their tofu scramble is delicious, and the biscuit was just to die for.Excellent place for breakfast or lunch. Amazing options, especially for vegans. TONS of vegan options and they're all delicious. They also have great coffee. Just an all around amazing little bakery.Such a cute place! Had breakfast at Live Oak Cafe and then my friend and I decided to walk Oak and take in the beautiful day and cute shops and we discovered this place! I wish we could've stayed for lunch but we were stuffed from breakfast so I just got and iced caramel and chocolate deberge (probably saying it wrong) cake to go. Workers were so sweet and very helpful and I'm definitely going back to experience the food and fresh breads!I'm not sure where to start, I love this place so much!
If you have high standards in bread -- 
If you have a sweet tooth -- 
If you are watching your sugar intake -- 
If you are or aren't vegan -- 
If you eat organic -- 
If you do or don't eat gluten -- 
If you have taste buds -- 
If you like charming, friendly, genuine people -- 
If you appreciate creativity and innovation in your baked goods -- 
If your heart flutters at the sight of giant stainless steel ovens -- 
If free samples make your day -- 
If you like businesses that truly, TRULY accommodate customers -- 
You will love Breads on Oak. 
I went into detail about this place in a blog entry: http://www.veganneworleans.com/2012/08/breads-on-oak-upcoming-vegan-croissants.html
Breads on Oak has changed how I feel about being vegan and living in New Orleans! But you don't have to be vegan to appreciate what a wonderful place it is. They have something for everyone. Check them out!The closest to real Parisian French croissants in  NOLA.  It is all good.  Delish coffee tooWow. Fantastic breads, tarts, quiche, sandwiches, soups and so much more. Great little artisan bakery in a unique location. They put quality and love into everything and it shows. It's obvious they use the freshest, organic ingredients. Go there hungry and try everything. Take stuff home, you won't be sorry. They have something for everyone and as a bonus about 70% of the menu is vegan but you wouldn't even know it if they didn't tell you. It's that good. 
Almost forgot, they are super friendly and are all about providing a great experience for their patrons. Tell Sean the chatty couple that wants vegan challah sent you in. :)There's "busy" and there's "slammed" -- and there are people who are able to work together as a team and provide customer service and feed people before they pass out from hunger -- Breads on Oak has this formula nailed!
I visited Breads on Oak about 3 or 4 times in two weeks after meeting one of the staff (Hi Caroline!) at a concert.  I was very impressed - all the (vegan) sandwiches I tried were nothing short of incredible -- and even though there was a line out the door on my last visit -- this crew managed to take orders and get people served, paid and happy in under 10 minutes (this is even with "made to order" items!).  
Their breads are SUPERB!  I would move to New Orleans just to eat their baguettes on a regular basis!  Great spot to sit and enjoy coffee and a meal - and great staff (and the owner is super friendly, too!).  
Thanks again for everything, ladies!!Great place. Wonderful food and nice to find a vegan friendly place!  Have been here many times and will always make a stop when I'm in nola!  P.s.  They have a house and apartment to rent on vrbo and we have stayed there twice.  Love it!!!!I love this bakery store!!! Their food is amazing! Out of this world!  I have never eaten food so gooood like this especially vegan.  Wow.! Love it.  The whole bakery is vegan so I bought one of every brioche to try. Their brioche is cream filled and every single one of them is so delicious that I wish they open another one in Clearwater, Florida.  Thank you.Simply incredible. Brioches and soft and flavorful without eggs or butter and the biscuit crumb is 100%. I couldn't believe everything on the menu was plant-based when all the baked goods were almost exactly the same as their non vegan counterparts. This is a place you can take your non vegan friends to convert them to veganism.Have only been there once before today and it was over a year ago.  Had the sausage biscuit and  a coffee. I love pork breakfast sausage and though I was initially skeptical after finding out that they had gone all vegan this was equally satisfying and tasty.  By far the best meat substitute I've had, and would likely not have known the difference if I wasn't aware beforehand (except for the lack of grease and occasional heartburn, which I don't miss!).  Coffee was also fantastic.  Glad this place is open daily now, will happily return.This place is sooo awesome. Food is great, people are amazing. It was totally worth coming here from the French quarters.A real bakery with real bread.  I love poboy bread, don't get me wrong, but for a lot of local bakeries, it's the end all be all for them.  I want something more!
And that's where Breads on Oak comes in.    They actually have bread!  They've got ciabatta, they've got baguettes, they've got an olive bread that is just fantastic. 
I haven't tried the sweets yet, but the baguette was perfect.  I got the last one at about noon on Saturday, and they where sold out of several other types, so get there early.
A great addition to the upper end of Oak Street.  We need more businesses up at this end!New Orleans has some great bakeries and Breads on Oak is the very best for breads. I love La Boulangerie's baguette, but Breads on Oak's is better. It is also the very best for wholesome, creative pastries of various sorts. I've eaten almost everything they sell -- though they are always trying out new things. The quality of the food and the care of the bakers is astounding. Go there. Try it. You will not regret it!I go here with my girlfriend once a week. They have a plethora of vegan options, as well as standard pastries for the average Joe like myself. On Sunday they offer bread samplings, but I haven't tried that yet. It looks like it'll be a great thing to do this weekend!Excellent local bakery with wonderful sandwiches, cookies, soup and of course BREAD!  Great vegan options, too.Alas, the search for excellent bread in New Orleans continues. My hopes were high but I sampled two different sourdoughs and found both unremarkable and a little bit dry. I also had two different brioche buns. The vanilla glaze one was extremely dry. The lemon citrus had a nice moist filling but the consistency was odd, perhaps because the custard is vegan. If you are in the New Orleans area I recommend going to Willa Jean for pastries as long as you're not vegan. Otherwise Breads on Oak is a decent alternative.Nothing beats the smell of delicious, fresh baked bread. Breads on Oak is a beautiful bakery filled with that scent, and it now boasts an all vegan selection. It's pretty charming in there, with a hilarious and very nice crew of employees, although the system by which you order can be disorganized and stressful, and the gaggle of people waiting to order can get bumpy against folks already sitting and dining. I guess Breads has new management or something because it is also now open 7 days a week. 
Unfortunately one thing that has fallen to the wayside in this revamp is the gluten-free options. I came here for years always ordering the Buckwheat Biscuit which was great with the breakfast sandwich or on the side of soup or a salad. They don't make it anymore, so there are just no more GF breads here (there's one "low gluten" one but...for those of us with Celiac disease that doesn't really cut it). I would love to see them try to have *more* gf options rather than eliminating the one they had. Now the main thing I ordered every time is unavailable. 
The kitchen seems a lot more chaotic than it used to be, and I've had orders fall through the cracks or come out wrong, which also never happened under old management (assuming that's what changed, idk). Sometimes the greens in the salad are like...old and wilted and I kind of wonder what they were thinking? Like I wouldn't notice? I know that good produce is hard to come by here but seriously... I've brought these issues to their attention before and they're always super apologetic and offer refunds etc. One time the manager gave me an EXTREMELY earnest and unsolicited spiel on how they want to make healthy, plant-based food available for everyone, which was cute but a little unnecessary bc I've been vegan for 14 years and did not need a lecture, just my order lol
Sometimes I get their coconut cookie from Zotz, who sells a few of their other baked goods, and the quality is WILDLY variable. Sometimes the cookies are big and soft with crisp edges (ideal), sometimes they're obviously overcooked - like visually small, browner, and almost impossible to bite into. There's a huge range and clearly no quality control.
When it's good it's good, I just kind of can't help but wonder what the larger issue is with this place. 
Anyway I'll probably still keep coming here occasionally despite these issues because the food, when correct and within my dietary restrictions, is pretty good and other veg options in the area are limited. But if they brought back the buckwheat biscuit, and let people sub it for any other bread on sandwiches, I'd come here at least once a week!So glad we found this gem during our trip to New Orleans.  Best veggie burger I have ever had and the baked goods are delicious.  Totally worth the uber ride to get there!  Great atmosphere.  Love finding vegan eats in new places!Emphasis on vegan and vegetarian, with some meat and dairy options. Vegy quiche was full of vegys! And salad was big and fresh. Would come back and I definitely recommend.This is MY favorite Vegan spot in NOLA. I recently moved out here and a friend recommended this place and have been HOOKED!!! From the sandwiches to desserts... everything is MOUTH WATERING! Even if you're not Vegan, try this place out, it will have you very shocked as to how good vegan food can taste. As for my Vegan food LOVERS. It's Vegan Heaven !!
The owners and staff are absolutely welcoming !Awesome food and service! Enjoyed the Impossible Burger, dessert and the vegan cheese grits!!!  It's definitely on the favorite list for New Orleans.Must visit when in New Orleans! Everything I've had here each time has been delicious. It's a great place to grab food if you're vegan or have allergies.I'm travelling to NOLA on vacation, and I knew I wanted to make a stop at Breads on Oak. I came on Wednesday and got the Pumpkin Cheddar biscuit, a cinnamon roll, and a chocolate cookie. I loved everything!! I chose to sit outside on Wednesday and had a great experience; there was even a friendly cat who stopped by my table! I loved BoO so much that I came back on Thursday and I got a large iced coffee, a Buckwheat biscuit, a chocolate chip walnut cookie, and a pecan brownie- with a cinnamon roll and Boston creme Brioche to go. I cannot recommend Breads on Oak enough; the prices are fair, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere is great. 
On Wednesday it did take me a little longer to be helped, but both days I got my food super fast. 
If/when I come back to New Orleans, this will most definitely be my first stop.As a vegan I was excited to try this restaurant/bakery. My sandwich was decent but I could have made better at home and have. Their bakery goods were stale and dry due to sitting out in the open air rather than being covered in a case. We have much better places in town for vegan food.Great spot for coffee, sandwiches, freshly baked cookies and other goodies. Lots of vegan options. Gluten free brownie is delicious!Um, I can't believe I only just discovered this on my way home back to California. While eating breakfast at Seed a couple told us we should check it out. We love vegan food and decided to stop by. OMG! Delicious and super creative bakery. I miss quiche so much but here they had it, along with biscuits my other favorite and sacrificed food. Thank goodness for this place,Finally got the opportunity to stop here today, perfect day! Shared the grand ganache w my little one, had a cold brew coffee, couldn't get any better on this beautiful day, loved the outside seating, even took a walk to the levee; super cute, more seating than i saw initially, staff very friendly and helpful; love the location, will def be back to try more itemsReally cute all-vegan bakery. I love how big and serious their baking operation is, the people are super friendly, and they even made sure to let us know they have a few rooms for rent the next time we are in town. 
Loved their breakfast sandwiches. They seem best at the indulgence-level foods. Their Caesar salad was sub-par; it could have used something in it besides baby kale and chickpea croutons. Wasn't very excited to see how heavily they are promoting the impossible burger because it is basically the antithesis of their whole operation. 
Their bread is amazing, as is their house-made cashew butter. Come here for their core offerings, and expect to leave the premises with a lot of calories and not a lot of nutrition. One of the highlights in our trip to NOLA, where it's hard to be a vegan and even harder to find something green!Yay Breads on Oak! I swing by here whenever I'm in the 'hood for their really amazing Old World Miche bread. Their breads are all organic and made naturally almost-gluten free. My understanding (may the bakery gods correct me if I'm wrong) is that most of the breads are made with wild yeasts and sourdoughs that are naturally lower in gluten and healthier. All this simple girl knows is that they're tasty. Poor girl bonus: You can get day old bread for 20% off when they have it. Since it lasts less than a day in my kitchen, a day old is fine by me!
They've also got some sandwiches and other baked goods you can pick up for breakfast or lunch. Everything I've had there has been tasty. Sometimes the prices can be a bit high, but remember that you're paying for quality.Good vegan food was scarce during the holidays but I came out to Breads on Oak three times! Everything was delicious and the bakers and other employees obviously take their work and craft very seriously. Vegans rejoice!What a great little spot by the river! Wonderful friendly staff, delicious breads and breakfast items. Yummy coffee drinks. All vegan. Mostly gluten free. The cinnamon roll is huge and delicious. Glad to see a steady stream of customers on a Saturday morning.I can't say enough about how delicious every single thing is here. I had the pumpkin cheddar biscuit and my husband had the mighty melt. SO GOOD! We didn't realize how early it closed... We got there at 2:50pm and they still let us order food and eat it there! Such nice people. We got a bagful of stuff to go too (Hey, we are from out of town and might not be able to come back anytime soon) including bread with olives, chocolate cake, stuffed brioche, Irish soda bread, vegan quiche and more. Everything so far has been so incredibly delicious. Thank you for having organic stuff for me and vegan stuff for my husband!This is a little out of the way if you have a hotel on bourbon st but since we were staying in their Air B & B apartment in the back it was very close. I didn't realize it was vegan until one morning I thought this is odd. Then I eventually put 2&2 together. Now I dont know if everything is vegan or not but the majority of their food is delicous. It's also within wslking distance of jac i mos ( superb for dinner) and the maple leaf bar. They have at least 3 cats that we saw who are really cute so if the weather is good you can  sit outside and eat with some feline company.First off I am no vegan, I love my red meats and pork n chicken. But let me say this place is amazing. My wife has been wanting vegan king cake for the longest and when she found Breads on oak she has been wanting to come try it. We finally made it and my wife and I got some king cake and iced coffee. 
  I couldn't tell the difference between non-vegan king cake and this vegan king cake from Breads on Oak. It was amazing and the coffee was out of this world. 
  The staff was amazing and very helpful as well. It was very much worth the hour drive to get here and try it. I would suggest to anyone if you are in the area and want some vegan food try this place.You guys know I am skeptical of any food/dish that doesn't contain meat and even more skeptical of anything that pretends to be meat so this place was facing an uphill battle when I walked through the door. 
To my surprise everything looked beyond appetizing and the smell of fresh bread and pastries swept me off me feet. 
That day I was super hungry as I had just finished boxing class, I selected the the following:
Cajun "Shrimp & Cheese" Brioche - flavor profiles were on pony but a bit doughy and would have been better of it was served hot or warm. 
Friendly "Pig" - absolutely delish and filling 
"Sausage" Biscuit - My favorite and if this was served to me anywhere else I would have never  known it was a totally vegan dish. I could eat boxes of these. 
Now note that it gets packed on the weekends but the staff is very friendly and things move quickly. 
While I am not converting anytime soon they definitely made a believer out of me.This is a wonderful little 100% vegan cafe that makes just about everything in-house, including all their breads. There's a ton of options for sandwiches and baked goods on the menu to choose from. 
My dad had the veggie quiche, which was really good, although the dough was slightly soggy. I had the shrimp and crab cake sandwich (made of heart of palm and chickpeas), also delicious. The seeded brioche bun it came on was amazing--great taste and texture. I wish there had been more pickles, though; they were so good! We also bought a baguette to take home that was excellent. Very much recommend trying this place out, even if you aren't vegan or even vegetarian.Best coffee in the city - and that is saying something. Also, most authentic French bread this side of Paris (the narrow crusty kind, not fluffy poboy style). The baked goods are all made from scratch with high quality ingredients. They have vegan items. There sweets are good but their breads are great - try the fig & walnut.Disclaimer: 
I am not Vegan. 
I am not vegetarian. 
I basically put any deep fried po'boy in my mouth at any and every turn. 
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!! 
I have been trying to find cafes in NOLA that serve remotely healthy food like my SF haunts. Maybe not deep fried. Maybe not beige. It's a hard find.
I walked in with a veggie friend and our plans to split a few options quickly dissolved as I realized most of their items have sausage or a meat product. I asked the lady behind the bar what veggie options they had and she looked confused -- THE WHOLE PLACE IS VEGAN!! 
Signage hasn't changed. It doesn't seem to be advertising this awesomeness. We get our food and the bread is delicious... too delicious. When she said "everything is vegan" she meant the fillings, right? Wrong. Even the tasty chewy bread is vegan!! Vegan eggs, delicious. Avo Toast - fantastic. 
Somehow I just can't wrap my head around it. I order a latte to go and she asks what kind of milk i want.... i say non-fat :/ another odd look... oops. they have soy, oat, coconut... all the same price and comparable to local regular coffee spots. 
-1 for the coffee though. She let the shots pull before the milk was even poured. By the time the milk heated the shots had expired and turned bitter, and since the oat milk heats faster than normal, it was scorched. I dumped some cinnamon on it and called it a day, but they definitely need to reteach their staff barista skills.
Oh, and in case you're wondering about where the heme in the heme burger comes from like I was (heme can't be plant derived!). No, they don't use the blood of vegans (a joke I thought was infinitely funnier than the house staff) but it is a product made by bacteria on the soy. It's not soy, it's bacteria. The more you know :)The. Best. Bread I've ever had in my life! The French toast was more like bread pudding but that's ok because as a vegan it's been years since I've had bread pudding so it was a welcome surprise. I ate every bite of it. My husband had a sausage sandwich and a praline pecan roll and it was delicious! The cold brew coffee was really good too! We're going back for breakfast!
Update: came back for breakfast... The Boston Cream is to die for. My hubby got cinnamon roll and he loved it. We'd move to NOLA just for Breads on Oak.Ummmmmmm give me all the stuffed brioche buns please!!!! Vegan or not, everyone in our group loved this place and we ventured back 3 times during our week in New Orleans. My only regret is that we didn't make it 4-17 times.  Try EVERYTHING. The cookies n cream and Boston cream brioche buns were my fave, and the quiche.  Olive bread is nothing to scoff at either.  On point.  Please publish a cookbook cause my vegan baking NEVER turns out that fluffy.  PLEASE!Such an amazing place with the sweetest staff. Always so welcoming. The food is great and I love the desserts!Great bakery near Nola that is all vegan with many gluten free options. We had the Thumbprint cookie and Dark Chocolate Toasted Pecan Brownie and both were very delicious! We also had a coffee with oat milk and were surprised with how many options they had in stock for plant milks.  Highly recommend this place!This spot is at the end of a romantically eccentric street. Even if you don't enjoy the walk from the streetcar the food & service is well worth it. "There is so much veggie awesomeness." Declared my wife, only a few bites into her meal. The food is handcrafted and wholesome. No complaints. Vegans rejoice!I really can't say enough good things about this place. Their stuffed brioches are a must try, and I also am a huge fan of their iced coffee and Caesar salad. Excellent food and service every single time. You won't be disappointed!Amazing breads and treats. Such high quality food. They've got great lunch options too like their sandwiches and salads. They're also serving the impossible burger, which was great! Can't wait to come back.What is there to say?  Brioche, brioche, and more brioche!   Not many places or there have or can make it properly. It is becoming a lost delectable.   Well, nooot here.   They have an amazing assortment of filled and topped brioche.  So skip that donut!  This is the real deal for brioche lovers.  I had the boston cream brioche.   Loved it!There are plenty of reasons to love Breaks on Oak, but sitting in the courtyard and getting visits from a kitty friend takes it up a notch.This was one of my first stops in NOLA. (My mother and I are both vegan and this little gem popped up on Yelp, so of course we had to check it out). When we got there the possibilities were endless. They had so many goodies for us! With so many options it was hard to choose. Thankfully, some of the lovely regulars were there to save the day and recommended I get the pumpkin biscuit sandwich. It did not disappoint. If you want savory or sweet *vegan style*, this is the perfect spot for breakfast. There are other options/substitutions depending on your food restrictions, if any. You just need to ask the employees, whom are super helpful btw.Went in to buy pastries, was disappointed by the selection (very limited baked goods, no pastries).  The had a very good selection of breads.  The gluten free baked goods where OK.Plant based delight! I highly recommend the Mac and cheese and bread pudding. This place is awesome. They have a great atmosphere, delicious food, and tasty coffee.What a gem!
As a vegan, I'm not used to being able to walk into an establishment (especially a bakery) and be able to eat anything on the menu. It took a lot of restraint not to just buy one of everything. I ended up walking away with a couple of loaves, croissants, thumb print cookies and a scone.  Everything here is absolutely delicious!! You need to come to here, and you need to come to here NOW.Love the brioche and the brownies ! Bread good too - definitely you need to come by for some dessert or Brkft bread - next tine I'm going to try a sandwich !