The place was way understaffed.  Our meal took over 3 hours.  Our waiter was overwhelmed even though he really tried his best.  He was friendly and knowledgeable but was waiting on 60 people by himself.  I never got my salad.  My friend never got his soup or salad.  The food we did was above average.  Delicious shrimp remoulade.  Delicious oysters rockefeller.  But the popcorn shrimp over creamed spinach was too heavy and lacked any true kick.  Bananas foster was ok.  More for show than the actual dish.  Would have given it 3 stars but not enough waiters for a full house the day I went.Yes it's famous but this was the definition of a tourist trap. Food was passable, although boring and wildly overpricedThis legend has succumbed to greed. Mass production with hordes of overbooked tourists. Sunday Brunch included some prior diner's lipstick on the water glasses, a rubber band in the salad, and a cold small piece of Bananas Foster flamed out of sight in another room. Despite reservations, an hour wait to get in. At least the prices remain legendary. If you want Brennan's go to Dickie Brennan's Steak House or Commander's Palalce where the service and food are still legendary.Located in the heart of the French Quarter, Brennan's - known for its outstanding cuisine, unsurpassed wine list, and impeccable service - has been a New Orleans tradition since it opened its doors 1946. The famous "Breakfast at Brennan's" is a prix fixe affair, three courses for $36.00, although several choices carry a surcharge. Far more economical than breakfast is the prix fixe dinner menu, four hearty courses for $45.00 (again, an additional charge is applied to certain appetizer and dessert selections). We started with a spicy Creole Onion Soup and a rich and creamy Oyster Soup Brennan, followed by the Brennan Salad, crispy Romaine leaves dressed with a tangy Creole dressing, freshly grated Parmesan, and croutons. For our main courses we selected blackened redfish, coated with the kitchen's special blend of seasonings, grilled to perfection and served with glazed carrots, and Shrimp Samantha, a combination of Gulf shrimp and spicy Cajun sausage sauteed with fresh mushrooms, garlic, green onions, white wine, and spices, presented on a bed of parsley rice. On the dessert menu, annoyingly, although not surprisingly, Brennan's most famous creation - Bananas Foster - carries a $5.00 surcharge. The dish - bananas sauteed in butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, and banana liqueur, then flamed in rum - is served over vanilla ice cream, and its reputation is well deserved. Service was extremely attentive without being intrusive. Our courses were served at a leisurely pace, allowing us to savor the memory of each before the next was placed before us. We departed fully satisfied and feeling the relatively low cost for the quality of what we had consumed makes Brennan's an excellent value and worthy of a return visit.my friends and i had brunch here.  the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  brennan's serves cafe du monde coffee which i love.  i ordered the breakfast combo of deepfried oysters benedict and strawberry & creamcheese crepes.  the food was delicious, but wayy overpriced.Breakfast at Brennans is a world class meal. Totally GREAT!!! Everything is exceptional with no exceptions. Can't miss the bannas foster, a classic dish invented here. The only warning is to leave your schedule open for several hours after the meal for a nap and recovery time from the rich, plentiful dishes. I just wish I had 7 or 8 stars to give.We were in New Orleans for Thanksgiving and went to Brennan's on the recommendation of a friend. Next time we'll go somewhere else. Our server, Alex, was helpful and had good recommendations; the Filet Stanley was flavorful and unique, even if it was a little overcooked for my medium-rare palate. Unfortunately, he was not able to steer us away from the disastrous Shrimp Creole. The parsley rice was alright, but that is where this dish ended. The gulf shrimp, which had not been deveined, were overcooked in a "Creole" sauce that tasted like overly starchy canned tomato sauce. After being charged for the dish that remained untouched and taking our prix fixe dessert to go, I will not recommend this place for anyone  that is looking for a good local eatery, This place is overpriced, pretentious and  to put if frankly, I am disappointed .I've been to many private events here that have been enjoyable and I've also generally enjoyed lunch and dinner here.  I personally enjoy what some people call the "old fashioned" style of food here.  I'm not the biggest fan of breakfast and I don't really like bananas so those factors reduce the full enjoyment of the charms this place offers.  I do like some brunch items far more than "standard" breakfast fare and New Orleans breakfast items are usually much better to me than what exists in the rest of America; so brunch is far more acceptable than breakfast to me and I do love some good grillades.  
I'm disappointed in how much they have allowed the dress code to slide in this establishment and unfortunately that seems to be a trend in too many places.  There are many other places that I enjoy brunch at more but Brennan's is an experience that is fun occasionally (but probably the most expensive experience of any brunch in NOLA).  I think lunch is probably the best value and a good way to experience some of what Brennan's has to offer.Must every other dessert be served flaming and must our server shout across the room at us to make sure we see him cooking it? This place was listed in every guidebook in our bed and breakfast in New Orleans, I should have been forewarned that this place was more tourist trap than fine dining. 
Our meal (brunch mind you) was just not as dear as what we payed for it. I ordered the eggs hussarde as part of the prix fixe and while they were delicious the eggs bayou that my husband ordered were completely bland and the soups weren't in anyway memorable.
And maybe it's just me --or part of being a yankee!-- but I found service way ~too~ friendly. Seriously just bring me my meal and let me eat in peace and please don't pour me more water and ask me how everything is every three minutes, you are just going to annoy me. Back off!I am practicing short reviews... I am not good at them.
1)  Beautiful restaurant, courtyard, etc.  
2)  Southern to a tee... you can play at being southern royalty as they take your jackets, serve you flavoured booze to stave off the hangover and to reinforce the idea that coloured alcohol makes you look like less of an alcoholic.  However, before the end of the meal I have a coffee cup, mimosa, bloody mary, glass of scotch, glass of grapefruit juice, glass of cranberry juice, and more in front of me.  This does not include food.  I know I know...... don't drink your calories.
3)  Service is top notch... professional but friendly, warm but not familiar.
4)  The bill will make your eyes tweak for a second.  I suggest traveling with a rich friend or loaded family.  You will find both in the South.I'm not kidding, this place literally INVENTED bananas foster, and that dish certainly lives up to it's hype.
The breakfast here is clearly an experience. The service is impeccable, and the whole thing really reminds you of the whole fancy people in a fancy place vibe. Seriously, I was definitely channeling Ferris Bueller as the Sausage King of Chicago while chowing down at the most ridiculously opulent dinner place. It was a good channeling.
So yes, you're going to get a heart-attack, but what's a better way than to go out like a king?Great food, great service, but breakfast was nothing but eggs with a side of something else. It was good, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.We chose this as a Sunday brunch based on online reviews.  We had one chance to eat brunch in New Orleans.  Now, this was back in spring 2007, but we were so disappointed that it stuck in our heads.  Firstly, we waited about 1 hour to be seated, which would be fine if the food was worth it.  (Now, we think it was just all part of an image thing, cause it was not crowded inside when we finally got seated.)  The food was mediocre, if not terrible.  To end the meal (hoping to redeem it), we ordered bananas foster.  The waitress read off the directions in front of us as she prepared the dish, and it was a disaster.  The best thing is, it was ~$100 for 2 people.Great food, but so expensive.  For these prices, you can find better in the Quarter.  If you're willing to be the table that orders half as many entrees as there are people and share, though, definitely worth the trip!Sometimes it's great. Other times less than great. I feel like it's bit overpriced even on the good nights. Love the themed rooms. Obviously get the bananas foster at least once.If their were more than five stars to give, better believe I'd give it to em!
Brennans is situated in what use to be a house.  Filled with 4 different rooms on the top floor, and a spectecular dining room on the first.  Also there is an outdoor courtyard.  Their wine is out of this world.  Bottles from ten years ago, to last year.  30 year old scotch is also worth trying.  Really smooth.  Well the staff is just fantastic.  They have all been their for at least ten years.  And if you go for brunch please order the slow gin fizz with your meal.  WOW.  Fresh seafood, wonderful desserts.  Great for a date, buisness, or family outing.  You really cannot go wrong with this place!OK. Dinner at Brennan's was awesome. Started with house specialty drink, Mr. Funk. Garlic bread served. French bread served. Bottle of wine. Brennan Salad (Romaine lettuce with a tangy Creole dressing, grated Parmesan cheese and croutons); Shrimp Trail appetizer (not sure what the hell it was, but it was good); filet with recipe by same guy who invented Bananas Foster (9 oz. with Boursin and a rasperry something or other reduction, etc.). Chocolate pecan pie and vanilla ice cream.  All of my guests at dinner raved about their meals.We came here for the famous Banana's Foster which was awesome, but the service was the worst I have experienced in the French Quarter. The waiter brought our water , left, came back to ask if we wanted anything to drink and we did (coffee), he brought the coffee and we had to ask for cream. By the time he came back with the cream the coffee was luke warm. 20 minutes after we ordered the Banana's Foster they came by to tell us that they were starting our dessert. It was 2 in the afternoon and the restaurant was half full  The dessert was flashy with the flaming rum and met our expectations but not worth the service. Save your money and look up the recipe on line and make it for friends, you'll have a better time.My best friend's parents were in town and they invited me out to dinner before they left. WE had 6:30 reservations and were seated very quickly and on time.  Our waiter Fernando was awesome.  I can't say the same for his assistant who spoke at a yell and seemed to forget things.
After looking at the menu, I saw that this was going to be an expensive dinner but it is a French Quarter landmark and non-foodies have always given it rave reviews.
We began our dinner with a frog leg meuniere (*** stars) they were very moist and tender, but being in NOLA I expected the lemon butter sauce to have more kick .  I then had the Jackson Salad (**** stars) a perfect balance of bleu cheese eggs and bacon, mixed into a bed of iceberg lettuce.  
 For my entree I was torn between the Ribyeye Maitre d' Hotel (*** stars) and the Redfish Au Poivre  and asked Fernando for his recommendation...  Bad Choice!!!  The sterak was perfectly cooked but I have never been a fan of just a cooked steak.  I was expecting more seasoning or spice.  I subconsciously kept reaching over looking for some A-1 to dip it into.  
Not usually one to order dessert I felt that unsatisfied and needed something to salvage the night.  So I ordered the Bananas Foster (**** stars)  It was cooked table side and was the best thing I ordered that night.  
With all the restaurants in the area I don't think I will be going back.A New Orleans eating establishment that's a must-visit, especially for their brunch that may include their famous creation the Banana's Fosters.
Very classy place off the quieter Royal Street with the traditional Southern dining room with most seats view to the middle courtyard.  Service was impeccable from the friendly, black waistcoat-ed wait staff.  An absolutely lovely place to enjoy some traditional Cajun formal brunch.
I really don't have to say much about the food since a lot has already been said.  The three-course brunch  is probably the best deal you can get with an appetizer, main course, and dessert.  Though I have to warn you, both the gumbos and turtle soups are extra as is the crepes Fitzgerald and the Banana's Fosters dessert.  But that's not to say any of those aren't anything less than spectacular.  The turtle soup is great (though I would probably go without the sherry), the Eggs Houssarde is decadent with both the Hollandaise and Marchand de Vin sauce (though I would have asked for them on the side since it started getting too rich after several bites).  Complete the meal with either the crepes or the bananas' fosters and you're good.
Your meal can also be accompanied by various "eye openers," though I'd watch out for the Ojen Frappe.  It's described as a drink using the Spanish "equivalent" to absinthe and it is very strong on the licorice flavor still.
A higher end place for brunch but definitely worth the experience.Over-rated & over-priced. Service & food were both good.  The fling of the Bananas Foster is quite interesting.I arranged a dinner for a large group at Brennans. From the moment I sat down, I wanted to cut and run. The building is great but the decor is mediocre. They hand you a huge plastic menu-- i was expecting to see "the all american slam" and "grand slam" on it. The menu was big but confusing. The fixed price menu wasn't-- everything is a surcharge. The food was okay. You won't go hungry-- the portions are large but it's just not that good. Our service was horrible. I never got my drink. Wine took 30 minutes. We wanted to get out quickly to see some music but it was over 3 hours before we got dessert (and it wasn't for lack of trying...) And, to top it all off, the bathrooms were filthy-- i expect better of a Chevron Station. Definitely skip this restaurant. There are so many that actually make an effort to provide a good experience and not milk their faded reputations.It's a cute little place.  The restaurant had failed to anticipate that on a Sunday of a three-day weekend (President's Day weekend) that they might be fairly busy so they were understaffed.  They did the best they could, but we still waited obscenely long for our bread and wine (if you're going to make me wait, the least you could do is make it less painful by getting me liquored up!).  
The prix fixe dinner is a fairly good deal.  I had the Turtle soup, redfish with lump crabmeat and the bananas foster.  Solid, but didn't blow me out of the water.Service was just fine. But the food was all on the salty side. Would recommend the seafood cheesecake.
The gumbo was good.
Would steer clear of the Shrimp Tchefuncte, too salty.
Bananas Foster is a must of your do find yourself here. They make it at your table and while rich, it's a nice way to end your meal.
But there are definitely better places to go (Like Mr. B's Bistro)My coworker and I arrived in New Orleans and were greeted by a Brennan's (on Royal) billboard on our way into the city.  Taking it as a sign from the heavens, we programmed our GPS and were on our merry way.  First of all the atmosphere- totally old and haunted, which is right up my alley... The service was impeccable.  Roy was a hospitable gentleman, and one hell of a showman.  Kaitlin and I ordered turtle stew and seafood gumbo for appetizers, crab eggs benedict and fried shrimp as entrees, and bananas foster and strawberry marscapone crepes for dessert. Gumbo, Shrimp, and Crepes were the winners.  It was about $60 per person for our three course lunch, but the atmosphere and the service made a most memorable introduction to one of the country's most magical cities.Breakfast at Brennan's included entertainment (see photo of bananas foster :-)
We were still stuffed from last night, but wanted to try the Eggs Hussarde that they're famous for. This is basically eggs benedict on top of an airy crunch muffin (french bread?). I had the version on top of fried trout since I wanted something lighter. Both came with a tomato to cut the richness a bit. The eggs were cooked perfectly as was the trout. We both were surprised at how much cooked perfectly cost.....$28 a dish??? Youch. The 3 course prix fixe was $35 and included bananas foster and gumbo soup but still...I bumped into a few foodies at Herbsaint and they thought it was a bit excessive too :-P
p.s., the freshly squeezed orange juice was also perfect..sweet and just the right amount of pulp :-)
4 for food 4 for service, but -1 star for being so overpriced :-(I don't know if the ribeye is worth $43, but it's not a bad place to go. For a tourist-y place, it's good and the service is excellent. 
Addendum:  We went back for brunch a few days later and THAT was worth the money at $34 p/p for the brunch Prix Fixe menu.  The food is better, the service is better in the mornings.  In fact, the vibe is just better than at night.
They are famous for their Bananas Foster, so for sure get that!You must dine here at least once for the experience. It is truly fun and decadent. Your body will ultimately suffer from the infusion of cream, butter and sugar that is in every dish served at this landmark of the south. I feel like Forrest Gump being served at the finest country club in Green Bow Alabama when I eat here. Except it's in New Orleans and I would never sleep with Jenny after she was with that black panther guy......Anyhow If you are looking for a really rich and overwhelmingly filling meal this is a great place to try, but it is quite expensive and there are truly at least 50 other restaurants in this city that will knock your socks of just as well. If you do not want to eat fatty foods do not even bother showing up. I think breakfast here is really the best but all meals are enjoyable. Usually when I order the Baked apple in cream the waiter brings one for me one for my wife and one for my 3 year old son but only charges for one then does the same when I order the bananas foster for dessert. My wife can't say no. I don't think many could.Great brunch! This is where Eggs Benedicts and Bananas Fosters were created.
Pros: The atmosphere, service and food were exceptional.  Our group ordered a variety of meals and enjoyed it all! I personally had the mimosa, bread, baked apple, salmon with eggs, and Bananas Foster.  
Cons: Slow service and way over-priced.So I came here with some fun-loving gals for brunch. It was Janette W.'s bachelorette weekend and it was time to party!
We all met up here for brunch since the bananas foster is famed to be amazing.  I had the Oysters Rockafeller since I was still a bit full from my breakfast (craw fish omelet!! SO DELICIOUS). Our waiter was hilarious and so kind. He made us laughed and treated Danielle and I to an appetizer and dessert since everyone else had the prefixed menu. Such service and kindness! We were startled and really appreciated the fact that he didn't want us to be left out. 
The drinks were good! I had the Mr. Funk of New Orleans and it was fruity and tasty and full of bubbles. 
It was great time to hang out with everyone and tease our bride-to-be.Lackluster service.  Lackluster food.  I am not bananas about the venue that allegedly invented Bananas Foster.  
First of all, we had a reservation, but we had to wait.  Checked in with hostess.  Sent to some hard chairs across from the bar (which did not appear to offer service to those waiting- just to tables already sat).  So we waited.  And we got our table.  And we waited.  We were not given menus.  We were not given water.  So we waited. We may as well have just been starving in the desert.  
Finally our server appeared.  Not quite the shimmering oasis we had anticipated.  Threw the menus at us.  Rattled off some specials. (And by "specials", I mean the things that the restaurant didn't have that night.)  
We waited.  We got bread.  Lackluster server swept the bread crumbs off the table and unto our handbags and onto our laps.  Entertaining.  The serving assistant squeezed between two chairs and practically knocked my friend Erika out of her chair while doing so.  
If you get steak, Medium = Well done.  It also means dry and full of boring. I guess the steak was left waiting, just as we were.  
Oh!  And there is a prix-fixed menu, but there is an upcharge on every single first course.  Please explain to me the purpose, then, of prix-fixe.  I mean I can see an upcharge for the fancy shit, but for every single ho-hum salad?    
There were two good things about this place: 1) the courtyard was pretty and 2) the bananas foster was pretty good.  We'll give them that.  I am not even sure that they really invented Bananas Foster, though.  I went to three places in San Juan one time and all three claimed to invent the Pina Colada, so ever since then I've been somewhat a skeptic of "the original" of some popular item.  But I digress.....
I'm glad we went to "August" the next night, because it was the polar opposite of our experience at Brennan's.  I am usually more eloquent with my writing, but to sum it up: this place kinda sucked.Pandemonium with a side of chaos.
Came in late one afternoon to ask if we could have just dessert and coffee. The hostess said that they could accommodate us after 8:30 in the evening for dessert.
Came back at 8:30 and were seated after a few minutes wait.
It took 20 minutes to get water and coffee, as the waiter was passing off instructions to multiple individuals regarding our dessert, water, and coffee order. We ordered the Bananas Foster and coffee, and the dessert chef arrived after about 35 minutes to prepare it. When she was done she dumped the entire contents into one bowl that we were to share.  Interesting assumption that for some reason we wanted to split a single dessert, but when the waiter brought the check (before we were done) he rang us up for two orders of the dessert.  We asked him about this and after grumbling he removed one of the orders. Every other table we saw everyone had their own order. Too bad because the Bananas Foster tasted excellent.
Relayed my concerns to the hostess and she couldn't have been any less interested and tried to blame us for the mixup. Asked if we wanted to speak with a manager, but I declined as I'm guessing the manager has the level of concern that the rest of the staff does.  Told her that if she really cares about what people say in the future regarding her employer, she may want to relay the concerns. But reading the rest of these reviews it's apparent that it is an ongoing problem with this place.
Will not return on future visits to NOLA.A friend of mine made reservations at Brennans for a group of us after hearing it was the best place for breakfast in New Orleans.
The restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  It was freezing cold the morning we went, but I would have loved to have been there on a warm day and eaten breakfast in the beautiful outdoor courtyard they have.
The mimosas were made with fresh squeezed oranged juice, which is always a big plus in my book.  We all opted for the omletes, one friend getting the ham and cheese and me and one other ordering the andouille and cheese omlette.  They were all perfectly cooked -- definitely the best omlette I've ever eaten.  The service was great, very friendly and attentive.
One of the things I like most is that when someone orders bananas foster, they cook it for the while dining room to see.  It made breakfast much more entertaining.
I do however wish my friend had done a little more research on the restaurant before making the reservation as it is a bit pricey.  Definitely glad I ate there though.Super nice staff, but past it's prime from a dinner perspective.  Menu is about 5,000 years old (seriously I doubt it has changed since the place opened).  The descriptions were apparently written by a novelist, but since it does mention what's in each dish you quickly figure out there is a total lack of imagination in the preparation.  It felt like we were stuck in a re-run of I Love Lucy.  Big list of massively overpriced and uninteresting  wine. Food very expensive (over $40 for steak) and tasted only so-so.  The one exception is the Bananas Foster, which is a lot of fun.    If I had to do it over, I would go somewhere else for dinner, then come here for dessert.  It really makes you wonder why aren't there more flambe desserts!  Super fun dessert.Stopped by here around 8:30 pm on our last night in town. Had heard about the bananas foster from a friend who is from N.O. So I had to try it. They only serve desert between certain times ( I wanna say 7-9) so make sure you make sure if your dinning there you are there within the desert hours. Bananas fosters was delicious as promised. Glanced around at other dinners meals that looked delicious as well. Will definitely will be back for dinner when in town.A total disappointment.  The service felt very scripted.  The waiter was trying to up-sell just about all of the pricey items on the menu.  The entire menu is grossly overpriced.  The food itself was lackluster.  Our dinner the night before at Mr. B's was vastly better and half the price.Quintessential southern service. Such a treat. Such an experience! I don't think anyone should go to NOLA and not have a 3-course brunch here!I always have problems with places that could care less about locals.  Brennan's doesn't care and it shows.  Apart from now letting hungover college students into brunch with cutoffs and t-shirts on (it used to be coat required), they show no discretion as to who they are serving or where they come from. Point: My husband and I went there the morning after our wedding.  We had a reservation but was then told to wait...for an hour and a half.  Then the bar tender who was serving the just hung over college student proceeds to spill a coffee beverage all over my husband's white linen suit.  Did Brennan's care, no.  They didn't even help clean the floor.  We received our drinks 25minutes after our food arrived and were served partially cold food.  
Somewhere that is so highly regarded by tourists should really clean up their act.  Restaurants here don't survive if the locals aren't in it.  The locals are started to not be into Brennan's anymore.  
And their milk punch is sour.First of all, who eats a 4-course meal for breakfast? I was barely hungry enough for a regular breakfast, but I guess most people coming here for breakfast/brunch are ready for a large meal. We each opted for a entree a la carte instead of part of the 4-course meal.
Eggs Hussarde: Supposedly a signature dish of the restaurant. The eggs were poached nicely and the hollandaise sauce was rich and silky. It is not too special of a dish, and definitely not worth the a la carte price of $28. 
Eggs Owen: Beef hash with poached eggs. There were probably about two whole pieces of potato in the entire dish! Again, not worth the $28 whatsoever! I would even have opted for some sort of corn beef hash at IHOP.
We ended our meal by splitting a bananas foster. The dish was created at this restaurant many years ago. It is their signature dessert and offered either a la carte or part of their four-course menu. They show you all the ingredients prior to preparing it over burners in designated spots in the restaurant. This was the most delectable bananas foster I've ever had and the only reason to come here for breakfast or lunch. It is served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream that melted over the hot banana filling.
On a positive note, the service was great with frequent refills of our water and coffee. 
When we return to New Orleans, we will definitely not return to this establishment, except for the bananas foster. Although part of tradition to come here, I believe you can find a much more delicious and affordable breakfast elsewhere.When people say go to Brennan's for breakfast, DON'T, DON'T go for dinner.  Felt like a complete tourist.....service could NOT have been worse.  It was an utterly painful meal in every sense of the word.  Our waitress may have been on her first day.....completely ruined the (not an inexpensive) meal.  Would NOT go back!Old school, historic restaurant that isn't as fancy inside as you might suspect.  The waiters are tuxedoed but sadly, the majority of the tourist customers are dressed as if they were sitting on a sunny patio at a TGI Friday's.  I mean, was the best you could do a pair of shorts and a goofy t-shirt?
The 3-course brunch is not exactly an outrageously good value but I suppose everyone has to try it at least once, especially if you have no obtjections to literally gaining 5 pounds in one sitting.  Just about anything you could order is drenched in butter or cream--or both--so alert your cardiologist before your visit.
I enjoyed my entire meal and thought the waiters--not just ours--were funny and generally charming.  They might have been dressed up but they at least pretended to be having a good time.  
Personally, I'm not a Bananas Foster fan, but I did try some and it was extremely good. 
There are so many restaurants in the city that I don't know if I would automatically return to Brennan's.  Overal, the food and service were very good and I have no complaints except for the pathetically dressed patrons.  I just think I would explore the breakfast scene in town a little more before returning.This review was only for the Banana's Foster, which was the only reason we went and the only thing we ordered.  Everyone told us we had to go to Brennan's and get the original Banana's Foster.  When we walked in the place looks exciting, very historic French Quarter.  The waiter told us the history of the dish and we were even more excited to experience this incredible local treasure... and it was good, not great, just good.  I don't regret going, but I wish my expectations weren't quite so high.  Just a heads up ;)Over Christmas my husband and I recieved a gift card to Brennan's for our upcoming Valentines Day trip, but I had no idea what I was in for.
That place is amazing.
We went for brunch at 11:00 and bought the fixed price meal.  After it's all said and done, we were impressed with the milk punch (not gross at all, although a milk anything sounds gross... just do it), the mimosa was good but not overly memorable, the baked apple with cream was excellent (strawberries with cream a little bland), my Eggs Hussard were AMAZING and I am already researching how to make the baked tomatoe that was on the side.  For dessert we enjoyed the bannana's foster-- just as much fun to watch them make as it was to eat, and the chocolate chip pecan pie.
I was very happy with my experience-- the servers were very personable, I liked that diners were spread out throughout the establishment and not just clumped together-- it made for a more intimate and personal experience.  We had a great time and I hope to go back on our next trip!we did breakfast here.  It was good.  I will never spend that much money on breakfast again, but I can say that i tried it -- once.
Two of us did the Prix Fix menu for breakfast, and we got different things so we could try more stuff.
1st Course
The turtle soup was really good.  But not as good as Remoulades down the street by any means (and Remoulades is cheaper)
The southern baked apple with double cream was wonderful.
2nd Course
The Oysters Benedict was good (although the canadian bacon seemed to compete too much in flavor) 
The Eggs Nouvelle Orleans was tasty with the crabmeat.
3rd Course
The bananas foster - just maybe the reason to come here.  outstanding.
The chocolate Pecan Pie was good - but really really rich.
I had a absinthe suissesse and also an absinthe frappe - both very tasty (I am an absinthe affectionado) - nice wine list as well.  
It was good.  was it worth it? meh.  maybe.For a restaurant that was so well known and spoken of is glowing terms - our group was looking forward to a great Sunday brunch. 
Where to start.... 
At the beginning....we made reservations several days prior and they were confirmed. When we we arrived, we were told that someone with the same last as ours came in ahead of us and they had given our reservation to them. What the real kicker was, they acknowledged we had a reservation and that they had incorrectly given it to the other party....the other party had NOT been seated yet. Then manager refused to do anything about it. They said it would not be long and asked us to just wait. After they sat everyone else - cleared out the waiting area - They were able to seat us - luckily it only took about 15 - 20 minutes after our reserved time. The table they "found" for us was in a doorway, so we were constantly bumped, nudged, interrupted....nice folks, nice. 
Lets see - next - hmmmmmm how about service. Our service "team" was poor. We had to constantly ask for coffee refills. The food - well it may have tasted great  hot, but our entrees arrived and tasted as if they had been sitting for quite a while. No one ever checked back to see how everything was - if we needed anything else. 
During our visit we patronized several of the Brennan family of restaurants, but here at the flagship - the staff were rude and arrogant, the food was average and overpriced - and the whole experience had us questioning as to why we had to come here to this place. 
On the way out the door, we stopped at the hostess stand to ask them to call us a cab - so we could get back to our hotel. Before we could submit our request, we heard them respond to an inquiry from a gentleman that had been sitting in the bar area waiting for his table. They had "called" his name, but he did not hear it. So, they said the best they could do now was to try to seat him in the next half hour or so, since he did not respond when they called his name. Our request for them to call a cab was rejected. They said, no we will not call a cab. Your best option is to walk to the cab stand a few blocks away. The walk was not that bad, but it was the attitude that resonates throughout this establishment.WAY overpriced and ridiculously over the top.  
There is no way ANY place can justify charging $107 for breakfast for two.  Sorry.  Not since eating at Tru in Chicago have I experienced such a self-important and over-rated restaurant.  
I asked twice for herbal tea and was finally served a 3/4 cup of warmish earl grey.  And the bananas foster?  Made with underripe bananas.  Normally I wouldn't quibble, but at this price point, everything had better be perfect.  
Go to August instead and experience true fine dining.When I can make something just as well as a restaurant does...
I went to this restaurant specifically for bananas foster because their website and reviews implied that they were the best.  This seemed to be a regular occurrence at the restaurant, as they seemed to have an area designated for "dessert only" customers.  Bananas foster was okay, but wasn't any better than any other that I've had (one made by a friend and the other I made myself).  
I know how to cook about a dozen things, and a handful of them well.  Perhaps bananas foster is not a very difficult dessert to make, so the restaurant c`annot make it any better than I can.  In that case, it's hard to justify the ~$10 pricetag.  Also, I prefer it with a variation of butter pecan ice cream.  What a disappointment.There are restaurants, and there are legends. Brennan's is a legend. Top-notch, white glove service, and the food is divine. Husband and I had the prix fixe brunch, kicking things off with the baked apple, moving on to the eggs Sardou and ending with the bananas foster. Also, you get a show with the bananas foster; they'll make it for you right at your table. 
Expensive, yes. But if you're in town, it's the kind of thing you have to do just once.To our dismay, there was not much special about this place.  Truly, the best part was the ice cream we had for dessert.  We wanted to like it more because we'd heard such great things.This placed can best be described as OVERPRICED.
Went here on our last night in New Orleans per the recommendation of our hotel and was terribly disappointed.
Food: WAY overpriced. 35-45 dollars for entrée. I got the steak diane per the recommendation of the waiter and it was overcooked and covered in a sauce that tasted like A1 with mushrooms. The potato were standard breakfast homefry style and green beens were overcooked. and it cost 43$. My boyfriend got the pre-fixed meal for 50 which included french onion soup that was average, a salad of iceberg lettuce and cucumbers coated in ranch dressing, a chicken dish that had plastic still on the bottom of the chicken (and was extremely over salted), and NY cheesecake. 
Service: average, waitstaff was attentive but awkward when we mentioned the plastic and not apologetic. Management seemed solid and aware of the issue. They did comp part of the meal thanks to the plastic in the chicken.
Location: great 2 blocks from bourbon, in a beautiful courtyard.
OVERALL: one of the worst meals of my life. I have had far better food at diners. With all the great food in NOLA I don't know how this place survives.Shrimp Sardou was delicious! It had the best Hollandaise sauce I've ever tasted. The Bananas Foster was also very good. Dinner was served by a very friendly Cajun. Expensive, but well worth it.I was completely disappointed with my brunch at Brennan's. The service was the only redeeming part. I got the Prix Fix, with the Shrimp Sardo as the entree. My date got a crab omelet. My dish was fair; my date's was inedible, in both our views. If you are going to charge $19 for an omelet, it needs to have flavor. 
Finally, I found the menu way too old-school for my tastes. I guess I've learned that I value innovation over a pedigree in fine dining.
I really wanted to have the amazing Brennan's experience, but when it came down to it, I would rather have gone elsewhere.Great food!  Great service!  How can you go to Brennans and not have the oysters rockefeller?  Fantastic!  Turtle soup...fantastic!  Trout w crab meat...fantastic!  I hate bananas but I felt compelled to order the banana foster because it originated here and omg omg it was soooo yummy!  Amazingggg!Greasy, salty, entre that was chef signature dish....... Really? We thought it all sucked. Service seriously sucked. Spent $100+ very disappointing for our first time in NOLA. A three to four tums night. Couldn't even get our drink order right. Very poor.First if you gave more than one star you don't know good food or service! I love NOLA the city that is it was bye far the worst meal during my visit!!The staff horrid, the cooks look like thugs and why were they in the dinning room hanging out?You would think if there is  a real chef he would be on that real quick. The food was way over priced for microwave food the drinks were the highlight cause i needed a buzz to sit through that meal! To top it all off my GF wanted the bannanas foster to try and redeem and they flambed our dish for another table for a picture and a tip cheap and classless!!! If you are visiting NOLA steer clear of this TOURIST TRAP!Food:  Dinner:  Classics were phenomenal (turtle soup, gumbo, shrimp/crab crepe, bananas foster).  Otherwise they were ok: Rib Eye and Red Fish.
Ambience:  Needs sprucing up.  Reminded me of unkept/'lost' restaurants in Queens, NY.
Service:  Here is where it failed.  A captain working the floor would have helped our server (who stated he was a cook) and the backserver (who also stated he was a cook).
Will definitely be back on my next trip for brunch.Why put Redfish on the menu, twice, then put a tiny little disclaimer on the bottom of the menu stating that due to the oil spill it would be substituted with another fish. I got Drum, and it was gross. The turtle soup was ok. The flaming Bananas foster was pretty neat.Just visited Brennan's for breakfast after an absence of several years.  I can confirm that from a food perspective it is a wonderful experience. The Eggs Hussarde were excellent, the Bananas Foster were superb, etc.  Then why only 3 stars?  Frankly, this place is way overpriced.  Breakfast for 2 (without cocktails!) was over $100.  And to add insult to injury, coffee was actually charged extra with the prix fixe breakfast.  Isn't prix fixe supposed to include coffee?  Apparently not.  There are other places in Nola that are just as good that do not charge close to these prices.  I will not be tempted again.We went to Brennan's for the breakfast, of course, and had a great experience.  So we went our first morning in NO, and my husbands first day in the South (I lived there previously).  He unfortunately also doesn't like to fly, so had a few too many Jack & Coke's on the plane to make it there and while he loved what he could get down of the meal, he wasn't able to enjoy the experience as I did.  We both had the baked apple, as we were going to try gumbo and turtle soup elsewhere, and it was good.  The eggs benedict and the house special version that I had (I forget the name) where both very good, and the bananas foster is always good (such fun for those who have never seen flambe, but I have previously worked at an old school restaurant who did it all the time so no novelty for me).  The experience and history of the place makes it though, the staff if very friendly, the fact that they have restroom attendants, the southern ladies in their dresses and hats going upstairs for a bridal shower...just a cool 'different' experience for some very nor cal people. ;)After the miserable experience with the Bourbon St. Location, we decided to try the Royal St. Location for steak.  Great atmosphere, multiple servers always came at the right time, food was prepared perfectly, tasted yummy.  The menu is all ala-carte so the bill was over $100.00 for two but worth it.  Wonderful dining experience.The brunch was amazing! I had the sausage omelet and grits, by far the best I've ever had. We got there right when they opened though and I tried to order the bananas foster and the waiter basically said he didn't want to make it this early because it would take too long. The table next to us demanded it so he made it for them right next to us after we ordered. If I'm willing to pay 60 dollars for a meal and tip you well why not make my food?Brennan's is one of those places that you just have to try.  Well, I have tried it three times already and I keep coming back.  The restaurant is nice inside.  White table cloth tables with way too much silverware for a breakfast.
They have a pre-fixe menu, and the waiter is more than happy to make recommendations.  One word of caution, Brennan's is very expensive for breakfast.  Plan on spending at least $40 a person or $50 with a nice morning cocktail.
No matter what I get, I always order the Banana Fosters.  I am in New Orleans, and they make it the best here!Found this place to be a tourist trap; perhaps this place was worth its salt back in the day, but definitely sub-par for us. Let's start with their menu. They attempt to lead you into a minimum three course breakfast, and yes I do understand a lot of people come here for their turtle soup to start and bananas foster for dessert, but for the rest of us who just want breakfast one would think it's not even an option based on the menu. I asked one of the 5 waiters who came to our table (not sure if we had a main one) if it was possible to order just an entree, he said of course and that any of the entrees started at $28 and went up. My wife and I have no problem spending some good money on great food, but we do have a problem paying $28 for the worst eggs benedict we've ever had. I had the eggs hussarde and my wife had the regular eggs benedict. I have never salted my eggs bene but needed to here; a good hollandaise would alleviate any need for salt, and my eggs were runny too. Neither of us were a fan of the holland rusks they were served on; they were way too hard. $60 for this meal was such a waste; watched another couple walk out just minutes after sitting down and perusing the menu, wish we had followed suit. The only reason why I'm giving this place two stars instead of one is because the service was genuinely good even though we didn't know who are main waiter was and the place was clean.great brunch, we go here for special occassions, like when someone graduates. in our family, that's every four years since we are perpetual students, so i guess lucky us?
will run you about $35 for 3 course breakfast not including drinks. but worth it if you go every once in a while. 
did i say i love this place? i wouldn't suggest it for dinner though, just brunch. my friends just dropped $300 for two ppl with drinks (and no they didn't go overboard) and they said it was ok. but i can definitely vouch for brunch.Breakfast at Brennan's is a NOLA staple. Everyone has to go at least once in their lifetime, similar to everyone has to see the Eiffel Tower. It's just a must, as simple as that. 
The place is huge, I believe my friend told me it can seat up to 600 people.  Yikes.  While you wait for your table, sit outside on their amazeballs patio area.  All waiters wear tux's...has somewhat of a 1970s feel to it...very vintage. 
Make a reservation. When you get there...go to the bar. Order a Mimosa or Bloody Mary (it's what their famous for). Mommy Dearest ordered a "light" Mimosa (meaning light on the champagne) and he served it light (meaning less OJ). Ha. Amazing. I switched drinks with her, since she has the tolerance of a 3 yr old. Didn't really want to carry her out of the place...but I digress. 
Service was good, very good. Just not amazing. I would suggest doing the 3 course Prix Fixe menu. I started with the baked apple, that should have been a dessert, so yummy and baked amazingly. Someone else got the Onion soup and said it was to die for...I still had my face in my baked apple...so I was clearly busy. For my main course I had the Eggs Portuguese. Um, fried tilapia on a bed of creamed spinach. THEN on top was the most perfectly poached egg ever...THEN it was all smothered in Hollandaise sauce. Yes you may sit. Friends got the Salmon Benedict...self explanatory and scrumptous.  For dessert, we got the Banana's Foster (which is also a must) and the Pecan Pie with Ice Cream. BEST PECAN PIE EVER! EVERRRRRRR!!!!  
Literally, when we left mom and I ALL day were like "OMG what an amazing meal" "Can you believe how great that was?" "I can't get over that food." I mean, we were out of control. 
Overall, amazing. A must. It's pricey. No around that little detail. A suggestion...eat an early dinner the night before that way you are good and hungry for breakfast. Oh and of course save room for a Mimosa or 3.I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars, but I can't, and it's a NOLA establishment, and it was my fault for ordering the wrong thing, so I'm bringing it up to four.  I think the cab driver who picked us up from Commander's Palace said it best, "oh, you went to Brennan's for brunch?  It's famous, but that doesn't mean it's delicious."  True nuff.
1. You HAVE to go to Brennan's if you've never been.  I'm sorry, I don't know why, but I know that if you are in NOLA for the first time, and you don't go, some culinary restaurant  police will come after you and haunt you for the rest of your life, or until you go home and forget about it.  
2. It couldn't be cooler.  The courtyard out back with the lovely outdoor bartender serving up some delicious bloody mary's can't be beat.  And that's before I even mention the turtle fountain in the back of the courtyard.  We have a turtle at home, Guinevere, so it was awesome seeing her long lost family.
3. Brennan's claim to fame is the bananas foster.  It was invented there, and I have to hand it to them, few things in life are more delicious than butter, brown sugar, bananas and 3 type of liquor, all prepared tableside for your tasting and viewing pleasure.  The bananas foster truly is delicious.  
4. The best thing on the menu is the Creole Onion Soup.  I'm just telling you, get it.  It's rich and hearty, has a great comforting taste, and the garlic will kick that hangover stat.  That was the best French Onion soup of my life, and that's saying a lot considering there was not a layer of cheese in site.
5.  I ordered the Eggs Bayou Laforche.  I'm a huge eggs benedict fan.  It's probably my favorite breakfast item ever.  But here I am, in New Orleans, at Brennan's,  so I pressure myself into getting the benedict that sits atop andouille sausage rather than Canadian Bacon.  I thought, hell, andouille sausage is certainly going to be an improvement.  But it wasn't. At all.  It was tough and rough, and kind of rubbery, and didn't really lend much cajun kick or flavor but impeded the smoothness of benedict.  Next time, I'm sticking to the classic, but I don't blame myself for venturing out.
6. The bf ordered Eggs Portugese, a benedict variant, but forego the english muffin and insert puff pastry.  This seems even more adventurous than my andouille swap, but to be honest, it was much better.  This was a delicious rendition of a benedict.  A very distant cousin, mind you, but of equal quality.
You have to go to Brennan's.  It's a vital part of the city's bloodline.  It just may not be the best breakfast of your life.A little worried this would be a tourist trap-but I liked it. Perfect brunch. They have a great courtyard with turtles. We sat facing this courtyard. Very calm and quite. Had a great bloody mary and the eggs hussarde. Had the bananas foster.Great breakfast! The Eggs Benedict was especially good. Also, the Bloody Mary was the best I've EVER had. Expensive, though. Be ready to spend some money, but if you are visiting the French Quarter, this is a place you MUST visit.If you can afford it, The Sunday Jazz Brunch at Brennan's is frankly, an experience. Clear your schedule if you go, it takes 5 hours. Worth it though.I loved it....wonderful waittress Christine who answered our every question and was a delight. Food was fabulous and such a treat for our first day in NOLA. Very old school and I do appreciate some establishments are still around.The more I think about it, the more I have to give quite a dramatic rating to Brennan's. 
Our server was rude - Literally would not look us in the eye. Sighed loudly whenever we had a question (mainly because Brennan's a la carte menu didn't have prices), and walked away from us mid-sentence when we said we didn't want the bananas foster desert. 
The food is poor quality and flavorless - We ordered the Oyster Benedict, the Eggs Portuguese, and the Eggs Shannon. Oyster Benedict had potential, but by the time it arrived to the table the hollandaise had congealed. The Eggs Portuguese was sour and vinegary. Very odd and unappetizing. The Eggs Shannon was the most edible and pretty good. Everything arrived lukewarm or cold. 
The decor is worn and needs an update - I understand maintaining the feel of history, but the carpeting and some of the decor is tired. Refurbish please. Even the waiters clothing looked tattered and ill-fitted. I assume they were wearing uniforms. 
By the way, each main dish on the a la carte brunch menu is $28. Stay away. Stay far away. This was by far the worst meal of our entire trip. Nothing else even came close.I can't think of a better brunch on the planet.
Let's start with the basics.  If you've been out all night in NOLA, the first thing you are going to want to do is get on that hair of the dog.  And this place is the fine establishment that convinced me that a spicy pickled green bean is not an option, but a requirement for the perfect Bloody Mary.  They also have the famous Milk Punch, providing not only nutritional value with calcium, but also important daily supplies of brandy.  And of course, cocktails that combine beef broth with booze, which is a damn good idea.
In addition to many options of veal for breakfast with eggs, again capital idea, they offer a three course prix fixe breakfast which should not be missed.  A number of sweet treats or savory soups start you out, I always go creole onion soup myself.  From there you move onto the entrees; my all-time favorite is the Eggs Hussarde, imagine, taking the perfection of Eggs Benedict and changing it up with added Marchand de Vin sauce WITH the Hollandaise.   Your heart just squeaked in terror, didn't it?  There are another dozen ways to be naughty with poached eggs on the menu, one trip isn't going to be enough...
You'll finish with your choice of dessert, hard to pass up the Bananas Foster (it put them on the map) or the Crepes Fitzgerald, sour cream/cream cheese crepes topped with flaming Maraschino liqueur.
And of course, some nice coffee to finish things off.  Whew.  I need to go on a diet after this review.You really can't get a better brunch anywhere.  Very expensive but worth it.  I would recommend the typical NOLA breakfast, baked apple (the best you will EVER have), eggs sardao, banana's foster (amazing) coffee and any cocktail that you would like.  Pure heaven.  Amazing service and beautiful surroundings.  Go!!  You won't regret it.I had veal and eggs with fresh hollandaise sauce, wow......The best restaurant we have been to in New Orleans thus far (4 days into the trip).  Beautiful building, great wait staff, amazing brunch!
We made reservations and this is HIGHLY recommended.  We only waited about 10 min once we arrived.  We were told that between 10-12 can be quite busy (I'm assuming she meant weekends for brunch but perhaps they serve brunch everyday?).  It did take a while for us to get our food, but it turns out a party of 40 was receiving their food just prior to us and about 5 other tables.  The wait staff apologized profusely for the wait.  Meanwhile, we had already had bread, coffee, and our appetizer so the wait wasn't unbearable.
As usual, we went with the prix fixe menu.  We had the baked apple for an app...best baked apple I have EVER tasted.  Had a maple syrup and double cream topping.  For the main course, Eggs Ellen...Salmon topped with a poached egg and hollandaise.  Also came with a garnish of asparagus, broccoli/cauliflower, and a parmesan tomato.  Salmon was cooked to perfection and the hollandaise was some of the best I've ever had.  For dessert, and make sure you listen up here, you HAVE to order the Bananas Foster!  Brennan's is famous for this dessert, and it's well worth the extra $5 to add it to the prix fixe.  The restaurant won a Silver Plate from the Food Network for this concoction.  This dessert is probably illegal in most states...it's THAT good!  
It was a bit pricey at the end after the prix fixe, the 2 cups of coffee, and the expensive mimosa, but it was WELL WORTH the wait and the price.  The amount of food on the prix fixe is, once again, enough for two people....and it will probably hold you over until late afternoon or early evening.If you have time and money to spend (for brunch), definitely come to Brennan's.  This was the longest (about 3 hours) and the most I've ever paid for crappy brunch.  I ordered the prix fixe brunch (base price $36) - Ordered the Seafood Gumbo, Eggs Ellen and Banana Foster.  The only thing I enjoyed from these choices is the Banana Foster.  The waiters put on a show for you, where they stir the banana, butter, brown sugar and cinnamon together... It's entertaining when you have time to kill.  Overall, the service was a bit slow, but everybody was very friendly.  Look elsewhere for brunch!!!You MUST go and have their original creation the Bananas Fosters!  This is where it was created it may be a 10$ desert but I would spend that price until I went broke if I had to since this desert is better than sex!Old New Orleans feel. 
Loved the atmosphere. 
Service was slow, but the staff was friendly and knowledgable. 
Rabbit Rushing is their most highly recommended brunch item so I ordered that and was pleasantly surprised. 
Hubby had the vanilla French toast which was so good and needed zero syrup.5 stars for the wait staff 2 stars for the food.  Had a waiter named Ruffin and okeiefe who stole the show both were very charismatic and made it fun and entertaining to go to this restaurant.  I see why people who are from New Orleans never go to these restaurants.  We cook food much better.  On the food side, the food was just ok, I've had Gumbo a thousand times better, the crab meat omellete but anyone who visits this restaurant must get the BANANAS FOSTER.  They invented this dish and make it to perfection.I've been here for both the dinner and breakfast.  I would say that I enjoy their breakfast more.  
I ordered a KILLER bloody Mary and was shocked to taste how good it was.  It was the perfect amount of spice!  Of course, I couldn't pass up the Egg's Benedict and how could I not order the banana's foster?
My husband ordered the Egg's Florentine.  Both the benedict and florentine came with a roasted tomato with cheese on top.  Delish!
Nothing is better than enjoying your meal with good company, great food, and watching your breakfast dessert created in front of you.Very special evening had here at Brennan's in the MAIN dining room with my little one. Can't recall what we had for dinner... soup - salad, wine (I had the wine) - we had a dinner rez and coming from CA I was jet lagged and had ate just a couple of hours before but was not going to miss having the dessert voted BEST by Food Network so of course we shared the Bananas Foster - sweet goodness!!! It was ah-mazing. If you aren't having brunch of dinner - we did see many people coming in for dessert only. I'd suggest it :)Well this place lived up to my expectations.  A bunch of us went there yesterday around 1 PM for lunch.  Most of us didn't get back to the hotel till after 3 AM, so 1 PM seemed much more like breakfast to me.  I definitely wanted to go to this NOLA flagship and I was definitely not disappointed.  The space itself is very nice with a wonderful courtyard in the rear and a turtle pond.   The service is impeccable with just the right amount of attention.  I ordered a bloody mary as soon as I arrived while waiting for my table.  It's served with these super spicy green beans that offer a lot of kick with the salty and hot mix.  We were sat at a nice table in one of the dining rooms and it was my intention to try some flagship menu items.  I started with the turtle soup, which was quite good.  It had a nice amount of spice, but quite frankly the turtle seems more of a novelty item to me as it doens't really have much flavor.  They had a nice bread selection (however it could have been warmed more) and some others tried the gumbo, which was probably the best I've ever had.  I mean I guess it should be since we are at Brennans in the French quarter.  The menu is very large and they seem to serve breakfast most of the day.  I also tried the escargot, which was perfectly acceptable but certainly not outstanding.  It tasted of garlic butter mostly like most escargot does.  I also sampled a friends andouille omelet, which was huge and delicious overflowing with cheese and sausage.  I ordered the oysters rockefeller, which was unlike any oysters rockefeller I've ever tried.  It had a green topping that was not too visually appealing.  The oysters themselves were delicious (plump and juicy and not overcooked).  Some at the table ordered Bananas Foster, which at first I wasn't too interested in, but after sampling it.  This may be my new favorite dessert, I mean fruit, alcohol, and sugar what's not to like.  Brian our server was excellent and I loved his accent.Brennan's is a New Orleans institution and a must-go if you want a nice meal out in the French Quarter. I took my fiance here for her birthday last year and we had a great time. Perfectly executed Cajun seafood dishes,  classic atmosphere and impeccable service make this a meal to remember. Gotta get the bananas foster for desert. Besides the fact that it is sheer awesomeness, they torch it with a butane flame thrower right at your table. Be prepared to drop some coin here, but its worth every penny. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I got a surf & turf dish (filet w/shrimp et tous fais) and the steak was just so-so, but the shrimp dish I had was the best I've ever had. Order seafood here and don't bother with the meat dishes.Came here for Sunday breakfast and absolutely loved it.  The restaurant is conveniently located in the French Quarter and has a wonderful old-world quality that you don't always find in dining establishments today. And the service was just the best we had in New Orleans. The waiters (or at least ours) have all worked there for decades, and more than that, are friendly, personable, and downright good at their job. They let us be tourists and take pictures of them cooking up the Bananas Foster, and one (Ricky) even brought us a free drink at the end. There was just a really warm, charming vibe to this restaurant that made it one of our best dining experiences in New Orleans. Started off with the baked apple (incredible), followed by Eggs Houssard (delish), and then the bananas foster and chocolate cake. The whole thing was decadent, indulgent, and really really delicious. A must try if you're in the area.Delicious 4 course dinner for $48.  Every dish that came out with this prix fixe meal was amazing.
One of the most surprising dish was the Brennans salad.  It looked like an ordinary garden salad.  But...the dressing! Ohhhh to die for.  It's a course ground mustard vinaigrette that truly dressed up the salad to a beauty. 
I got the salmon audobon which came with a mustard cream based sauce as well.  Although the main ingredient of the sauce was the same (mustard), the preparation was different and both tasted unique and flavorful.  The salmon was cooked well and was fantastic.
Service was excellent.  Be prepared to pay at least $40 for a dish.  I highly recommend the prix fixe menu--it's worth it for the price.Brennan's Restaurant is a very, very expensive restaurant.  Therefore, we only went for dessert, which itself was a pricey experience.  Bananas Foster was created here, so it's obvious that you have to try it.  
We made a reservation and were seated right away upon our return.  The four in our party each ordered a bananas foster dessert and a drink.  Each dessert is $10, so the bill for just dessert for four came to over $50.   Our waiter was average, but a bit snooty for my taste.  I'm sure the $50 bill was much less than he was used to serving.  
We enjoyed watching the Bananas Foster being made near our table.  It's definitely part of the experience and why you'd pay $10 for sugar and bananas.  It was delicious, too, and the coffee that was served was equally delicious.  
Although it's a fairly dressy place, we were told that a shirt and nice jeans were acceptable attire.  When we were leaving, though, I watched as some uptight Old South woman eyed me up and down and then I heard her say something about "jeans" to her uptight wealthy old husband.   It made me wish I had cropdusted her with a banana fart as I walked by. 
I'd return to try the famous "Breakfast at Brennan's," but as far as atmosphere and decor, if I was going to drop that kind of money for dinner, I'd pick Antoine's instead.Had to go Brennan's after hearing that they can do anything with an egg! For such a famous restaurant, I would have thought there would be fantastic food. Especially since the prices are ridiculous.. really eggs benedict for 28 bucks!
The experience and atmosphere was extremely pleasing. Staff is very attentive and friendly. We loved Jessie! 
Food wise, it was just ok. I've had better for a 1/4 of the cost, but I guess you are really paying for the experience. 
We had ordered the eggs benedict and a few different types of omelets. The food needed some salt and pepper, other then that.. they were ok. It was not blow you mind fantastic.
We liked how they had veggies and real cheese. (every where else we ordered an omelet & they only served it with kraft american cheese)
However, the bloody mary was perfect.. right amount of spice.My friend and I just wanted to try some Bananas Foster. But they said they don't server it by itself - you have to order an entire meal. The hostess said, "I'll see what I can do", then she disappeared for several minutes and kept us waiting. We left. 
If you just want to eat Bananas Foster, go somewhere else. They are sort of snobby there, even if it is the place that "invented" them.I have only been here for the Banana's Foster, but oh man was it worth it.  Prepared at your table, it is an excellent desert and the service here is awesome.
I will have to make a point to come back here for dinner and then of course the bananas foster to top it off....The oysters were fresh but I didn't like the cocktail sauce. Also, the service was too good. Each table gets three servers- one for bread, one for drink and one to take your order. Be prepared for a long meal.Go to google.com and type in "Brennans". What's the first thing you see in the search results? That's right, this joint, and it's no mistake. This place is a New Orleans institution and as anyone who's been to NOLA knows, good food isn't hard to come by. But, can you really tell me that a restaurant which has survived in an environment like this for 64 yrs isn't worth checking out?
Brunch and dinner are both amazing! But, everyone should experience at least one Jazz Brunch in their life. So why not make this one yours? Just promise that no matter what, you will order the Bananas Foster.  
You can dress however you feel most comfortable. If you let them know it's a special occasion, they're happy to go out of their way to really make things nice.  The only reason I'm not giving a full 5 stars is due to the service I had on my last visit... I think it was a one-off experience though.Brennan's was like eating in a morgue with "Stepford" patrons at all the tables. It was very quiet, not even music. Everyone spoke in a hushed voice. It smelled of gas when you first walk in.   The decore was shabby with the feel of days gone by. The wait staff is pleasant but stiff. Even their tuxes were badly worn. Everyone moved slowly, 10 minutes to get the menu after waiting 10 minutes for the drinks and 45 minutes to be served our entre.  The evening just seem torturous.The steak was wonderful, however everything else on the plate seemed overcooked and bland.  I could not wait to get out of there. It was a real disappointment!A little cheesy - menu's are huge and plastic.  Go for dessert and get the banana's foster.  I am not a huge fan of banana's but these were really good.  Meal was ok, but all in all not worth the price.  Much better food elsewhere in NOLA.A bit expensive but definitely a great place to have breakfast.I really cannot fathom what it is about Brennan's that they believe they should charge the prices they charge for food that is worth about 1/3 of the price.
We recently went to Brennan's for brunch on a recommendation from a friend who is from New Orlean's. The brunch menu consists of standard fare along with a number of prix fixe variations on eggs benedict (including an appetizer and desert). Neither of us were looking to eat a ton of food for breakfast so we both ordered non-fixe versions of the Eggs Sardou and the Eggs Bayou LaFourche. 
The prix fixe price was something like $33 and the versions we ordered $27. Ridiculous. At the prices they were charging, I would have expected some amazing hollandaise and quality ingredients. I was sorely disappointed. 
It was a meal that I could have easily ordered as a greasy spoon. The artichokes had no flavor whatsever, the eggs were rubbery, and the hollandaise was only barely discernable as not being made from a powder mix. The coffee was terrible and $4.25 per person. 
The only reason I can possibly see for Brennan's charging so much is the fact that there is probably one staff member for each seat in the place. And the service is still sub-par. 
If this were a generic restaurant charging $10 for the eggs and $1.50 for coffee, I might have given them a 3-star rating. I might have considered it a restaurant I would never return to and never remember or given a second though to. But brunch set us back $70. And we didn' t order any alcohol. There is a reason why they don't have their prices on their website, no one would ever show up.
Don't waste your time or your $$$$$ here.To celebrate the end of our vacation in New Orleans, my boyfriend and I went here for breakfast.  We started with oyster soup and baked apples with double cream.  I could really taste the flavor of the oysters (sometimes soups like that can get really salty) but his dish was drowned out by the cream.  You could barely taste (or see) the apple.
Our main dishes were delicious.  I had the eggs portuguese which is poached eggs inside of a tall flaky pastry with a sweet reduction and hollandaise sauce.  (I think I had a minor heart attack just typing that. :)  Seriously, it was orgasmic).  He had the eggs benedict which was done well but  tasted very ordinary.  Perhaps this is the kind of place where you dont go for the basics. 
Desserts were a bit of disappointment.  We had bananas foster and crepes fitzgerald.  The bananas foster was great--huge portions--but the crepes were kind of bland.  I think when it comes to heavy cream, they pour it on instead of using it as a light addition which overpowers the softer more subtle flavors of the fruits in the dish (like the baked apple).
While the food was good, I still think it was overpriced.  I felt like we were paying more for ambiance than the food.  The waiter cooks your desert in front of you and cleans the crumbs from  your table so quickly you'd forget that you'd just inhaled your food and made a mess.  If they knocked about $20 off that prix-fixe menu, it'd be perfect.I was astonished at how bad this brunch was. The crab in the omelet was obviously a few days old...my husband and I could both smell it the second I cut into it. Our entrees were lukewarm and dried out as if they'd been sitting under a heat lamp. When my husband asked for coffee, the waiter said he'd have to see if he could track down a cup (seriously!), and then poured a tepid brew of what tasted suspiciously like instant coffee. Even the soup was lukewarm, although they pour it into a dangerously hot bowl at the table, which does warm it up a bit. The bananas foster, supposedly the highlight of the meal because it was invented here, was poorly prepared...the waiters kept yelling at us to watch them prepare it several tables away so we could go "Oooh! Ahhhh!" as it was flambeed, but it was all show--they never let the bananas caramelize and mostly just warmed them through. The service was friendly but incredibly slow. On the plus side, it's definitely a pretty restaurant, and the attendant in the ladies' room was very nice. But the prices are astronomical (over $100 for the two of us), the food was mediocre at best, the champagne in their champagne drink tasted very cheap, their bloody mary is okay but almost $3 more expensive than the other places in town who make it much better, and it's clearly a tourist trap designed for people who want to say they had brunch at Brennan's on their trip to New Orleans. I suspect Brennan's was fantastic at some point and thus earned its reputation, but if so it's clearly paid the price for its fame and has gone drastically downhill.Serivce at its optimum no question, the meal that followed...............was absolutely lush, the grilled fish topped with fresh lump crab.........just the thought makes my mouth water...................simply lushI was taken to brunch as a guest, so I won't comment on the price or factor it into my rating.  I had the turtle soup, Eggs Hussard, and bananas foster.  Everything was truly delicious.  The restaurant was lovely and the service was impeccable.  This is one of those touristy traditions that deserves to continue.  I'll absolutely do this again.
Oh, and no matter when you go, you NEED a reservation.  We had a group of 20 and were still seated immediately due to a 9:00am reservation.  The restaurant opens at 9:00, and having the first reservation of the day meant that we weren't held up by any lingerers in front of us.  One of the people in our party was familiar with the place and had learned this strategy from previous experience.  Without a reservation, we would have waited forever.  There was a line outside before the doors opened, so just going early isn't necessarily enough.I have had breakfast at Brennans many times I I only have good things to say. I have recommended to many people if you only have one meal in New Orleans it needs to be breakfast at BrennansTheir fish is a bit dry (I would prefer lemon butter with the fish). The bread is good, i like the garlic bread. Bananas foster is tasty, service is fine, good pprtions, coffee good. $300 for 3 diners, the fish should have been tastier.Two words: tourist trap.
Overall it's an overpriced restaurant with mediocre food.
I had breakfast there with a friend and I ordered:
1. Eggs hussarde(see pic)--To be fair, it's as good as poached eggs on bacon can be. But it's definitely not worth $25 and if that's what 'put Brennan's on the map', then i guess it's a culinary map of Somalia.
2. Banana foster(see pic)--it's nothing special.Good ambiance. Horrible, runny, uncooked, over oiled, soggy omelettes. Service is not that great either.Banana Foster was good though.Had dinner here in a business trip at the suggestion of my colleague. Looking at the menu online, I wasn't sure what to expect...ended up thoroughly enjoying the meal!
Tried out the four-course prix fixe menu, with Creole Onion Soup, Brennan's Salad, Beef Tournedos, and an "upgrade" to bananas foster for dessert.
The meal itself was "meh"...but the Bananas Foster was ahhhmazing. Watching them prep and flambé it was almost as much fun as eating it.
I'd go back, for sure. It's a slower pace for dinner, so plan to make an evening of it, but the pace is good for a business dinner or date night. Unless it's a blind date, in which case, you probably don't want to be stuck with someone for a couple of hours if things go south. ;)Since I have a seafood allergy and Eggs Benedict and its cousins aren't gastrointestinal favorites of my wife and I, consider this review as specialized to a very limited diner type for whom most of Brennan's breakfast menu suggests potential death or worse.  So, my wife had the andouille sausage omelet and I had the grilled ham steak, eggs Theodore.  Both were very good, but clearly not where the chef spends his creative time.  We did split Bananas Foster which was yummy.  Ambiance and service is out-of-control excellent.  Great place - highly recommend.What can you say? A NOLA legend. And they still serve one hell of a breakfast.  Eggs Benedict with fried trout?  Oyster soup?  for brekkie?  you bet!  Washed down with a coffee Brulot and  Bananas Foster. Decadent and worth the calories.Had breakfast here and it was perfect.  I remember ordering the Oysters Benedict and it was out of this world.  Our waiter was beyond polite and the whole atmosphere was worth the price.  Nobody left hungry or unsatisfied, and the Blood Marys were excellent.
I will definitely be back again and I recommend you try this place, but make sure and make reservations because it gets packed in the morning.Brennan's has been on my list of restaurants to try in New Orleans for many years - and now I felt I could afford it.  It is a restaurant steeped in history, the service was excellent as well as the atmosphere.  The food was pretty good - but I did not find it to be what I was expecting.  We went for brunch - and I wanted to try one of the dishes with the hollandaise sauce.  You definetely want to go hungry as we had a 3 course meal.  Whilte the soups were pretty tasty, there were not served hot - just slightly warm.  The hollandaise sauce was a bit of a disappointment too - I suspect it is from a mix as the taste was not buttery or lemony enough for me - I make my own - which is to die for - this was kind of flat.  The dessert was fun - I had also vowed to have the bananas foster - but again - not to brag - I found a recipe online and made it at home and found mine to be richer flavored - I probably added more butter and rum and less brown sugar than they did.   We passed on any alcohol, but the bill for the 2 of us was still over $110.  If you have the cash to blow - it is still a place to 'experience.'  If you are on a budget - this might not be a fulfilling splurge.I am from Chicago so I do not get to enjoy going to Brennan ' s as often as I would like.
The first time I was at Brennan ' s was around twenty years ago.  I now have a 16 year old and wanted to take her for a special birthday meal.
I have very high expectations for Brennan ' s and they did not disappoint me this past Wednesday.
My daughter and I were sat in a beautiful glass room next to a landscaped patio.
We were immediately served warm crusty bread upon being sat at our table.
The two servers that work as a team were excellent.  They were very informative about the menu.  After listening to Jonathon explain the menu I decided on the turtle soup and Eggs Bennidict.    I couldn't help myself I had not stopped thinking about those two entress since the last time I had been there.  They were both excellent!
I also had a milk punch that was out of this world!
Finally,  because I has mentioned that it was my daughter's 16th birthday and inquiring if they had bananas foster Jonathon surprised us by bringing over the Banana Foster cart.
He then started melting brown sugar while explaining that Banana Foster was invented by Mr. Brennan for a cooking contest and it was named after a close family friend named Mr. Foster!  What a great surprise and special experience.   The staff completely exceeded my expectations. 
So, if you go to New Orleans and really want to eat well and feel special for a day.  Give Brennan ' s establishment a try!Breakfast is out of control. Ask for Mr Funk. Then it's all over. 
The only breakfast place where I've been asked whether I wanted a cocktail at 7.30am and had drunk so much by 8.30am they gave me cocktails on the house.  Peach schnapps and the morning newspaper? Only in NOLA.I have wanted to go here on previous trips, but the cost kept me away. This trip, I got to go on expense, which is always good. The service was wonderful, if a bit overattentive. The women were nearly always served first, which was chivalrous if a bit throwback-y. I chose the 4 course price fixe menu, which looks like a good deal at first ($48), until you realize that upcharges apply to most appetizers, many entrees, and even some desserts. I think my meal would have been around $61, if I remember correctly. But to the food...
Bread came out quickly, and I had to sit on my hands to keep from eating it all. It was a cheese garlic bread - salty and crunchy and oh so tasty.
app: turtle soup with sherry. Delicious! I keep pretending turtle soup doesn't really have turtle in it, because turtles are cute.
salad: Brennan's salad. The creole dressing was lovely, but otherwise it was...a salad.
entree: blackened redfish with glazed carrots. This was the big disappointment, as the redfish was simply not that tasty. It was cooked perfectly, but just didn't have a lot of flavor. However, the tomato/corn/okra relish was awesome.
dessert: like the other 11 people at the table, I had bananas Foster. It was awesome, rich and creamy, served over ice cream. Also, it's cooked tableside for maximum drama. The reason to go to Brennan's, I think.
If I were to go back, which isn't that likely (the turtle soup was almost as good at Palace Cafe - another Brennan's restaurant - and cheaper), I'd go just for apps and dessert.What a rip off.
Food is mediocre and incredibly overpriced.
The service is enthusiastic but our server, Lee (a very large and friendly gentleman) kept forgetting to bring things. To his credit, he let my friend send back her fried shrimp because she didn't realize she was ordering fried shrimp. Huh? Yeah, it was totally her fault.
Our waiter assistant, whose name I didn't catch (blonde, mid 20's, pretty) did impress me. My girlfriend and another woman at our table don't like ice in their drinks. This woman not only remembered, but she was able to refill glasses WITHOUT pouring the ice, and with ONE HAND. 
I'm easily impressed.
But c'mon, $28 for eggs Benedict? And the laminated menus belong in IHOP.I've only been to Brennan's once in my life, even thought I'm a native, and that will be three years ago come March 2 but it was an amazing experience. I hope to go again. It is pricey and definitely not Weight Watchers friendly, which is why I haven't been more often but it is worth it.
It is most definitely an over the top brunch in the best sense. I had something with eggs. It has been so long, I kind of forget but it was delicious. The bananas foster presentation is a spectacle and very yummy. The service was amazing and the facility, in its historic home, is gorgeous.This may have been the most professional restaurant experience I can ever remember having. Easter Sunday at an establishment that strives to be the ultimate destination for brunch, and we really were impressed. The wait service provided the perfect amount of attention to us, worked well together at our table and around the entire restaurant, and never made us feel rushed while there was a horde waiting to be seated.
I went for the most traditional of choices; brandy milk punch, baked apple with double cream, eggs Hussarde and bananas Foster. M had mimosas, gumbo, eggs Portuguese and crepes Fitzgerald.
I commented to M that many of the wait staff uniforms were not tailored, which would have looked a little bit sharper, but I understand the near impossibility of such a feat. If I had to find one thing that was lacking it was that there was no organic element; nothing was left to chance. What I will remember is that it was flawlessly executed, exactly the experience that one would expect. My compliments to the restaurant for so magnificently delivering on the biggest of days.The food was decent but you're really paying for the service and experience. We had frog legs, turtle soup and several other local delicacies.So I was told that this was a must see in new orleans by a local and expecting the best breakfast of my life.  I got a 3 course meal with strawberrys and cream, some omlette, and a banana fosters.  The meal in total cost almost 130 dollers for us, my gf ordered an omlette too.  
I won't complain about the food, but no breakfast is worth that much money.  waiter was boring and talked to us like we shouldn't have been eating there, and the place just looks way to beat up in the area we were sitting in.  2.5A 3-course breakfast at Brennan's was a great way to wake up.  
First course - strawberries with double cream (mine) and baked southern apple with double cream (my boyfriend's). The cream was the perfect sweetness and the fruit was delicious. 
Second course - eggs Shannon (mine) and eggs Owen (my boyfriend's). 4 stars for both. 
Third course - cheesecake with strawberry (mine) and banana's foster (my boyfriend's). We ordered the banana foster since it originated here. The waiters put on a nice show when they make the dish.  But as delicious as it is, I actually thought the cheesecake tasted better. It was light and creamy.  
Overall, the food was great and a definite must-go if you're in New Orleans.Sunday Brunch is magnificent.  Expensive for Breakfast, but worth it.  Omelets are scrumptious...add a little champagne and O.J.  and you are off to a fabulous day!It was yummy and the bartenders and locals very friendly.  Have a brandy punch.
Breakfast was great and you gotta have the flambee for dessert.We went here to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary and were disappointed. The soup and dessert were good, the building was nice. The service was terrible. Our bottle of wine came after our first course, we had to ask for forks for salad, dinner and dessert. Our waiter was young and obviously in over his head. Our advice is to go somewhere else! Brennens is overrated.I chose Brennan's because its in the Quarter and I wanted to walk around Bourbon St. a bit after dinner. Also it was one of the few recommended restaurants I was able to get reservations for on one hour's short notice. Many Yelp reviews gave me the wrong impression, that Brennan's is  for breakfast or brunch, but I came here for dinner - and it was excellent: gumbo, soft shell crab, Oysters Rockefeller, Blackened Snapper. Everything was perfectly prepared; there was nothing "touristy" about that. Upscale interior, historic building, great location. A wedding reception was taking place in the courtyard, and I took that to be a good sign. Our waiter was really good - very outgoing, proud of the menu and history, and very knowledgeable. Insisted we try the Turtle Soup, and that was a good recommendation. So, made for an excellent evening. For dessert: walk a couple blocks down to Cafe Du Monde for beignets and coffee.We went to Brennan's originally for brunch and couldn't get in so we went for dinner. We decided to do the prix-fix menu for $48 which was a pretty good deal if you wanted amazing food and didn't mind spending the money. I had the: CREOLE ONION SOUP, BRENNAN SALAD, REDFISH WITH LUMP CRABMEAT JAIME & BANANAS FOSTER. Everything was fresh and delicious but by far their bananas foster was the best I've ever tasted. So delicious!We were so disappointed with our experience there.  They did not make us feel comfortable there, I don't know if it was because of our age or the fact that we are Hispanic but I have not felt shunned like that at any restaurant I have ever been to. 
The crowd consisted of older, over dressed Caucasians. The place was crowded and loud. They didn't seat us in the main dining room but off to the side. We didn't think anything of it, perhaps the main dining room was full but then several (whiter/older) people came after us & they went right in. 
Our food wasn't good, my jambalaya was mostly tasteless rice and my boyfriend had a pasta that was drenched in oil. We couldn't finish our meals. Thankfully we had better Cajun the next day! New Orleans had amazing people and great food!! We loved it all, except for this place.Best brunch of my life! Best breakfast dish: shrimp sardou. I seriously have never had breakfast like this, ever. Get someone to get the eggs portuguese and these will be the most rockin' morn ever! 
Now to go back to the whole brunch experience: all 5 of us came with brunch reservations on Saturday, St. Patty's Day. Even though we had reservations, we had to wait about 20 minutes. I attribute this to many reasons: normal busy time, it's The South,and/or it is a holiday. 
We all did the 3 choice brunch menu (pick starter, entree, and dessert). All the options were freakin awesome. I already told you the entree winners in the beginning. For starters: oyster soup, baked apple, or strawberries and cream were all great. For dessert, get the praline pie. YUM. Or chocolate cake. 
The food came out slowwww. Again, this is probably a Southern thing, no? We got fresh French bread to start. There was a major miscommunication about entrees (mix ups amongst 3 tables), but it all worked out. This would have bumped my star ratings down to 4 stars, but in the beginning our lovely waiter gave us a complimentary bowl of one of the starters (turtle soup)....which was interesting. Some loved it, I thought it was weird.
I will be back to NOLA. And definitely to Brennan's. Make your rsvp!Just the intro to famous breakfast cocktails was worth 5 stars.
The brunch selection was fantastic and the service absolutely magic!!! They are hands down still the best brunch in town.I've never given a restaurant a 5-star review on Yelp!, but this one is well deserved. I hosted a dinner party of 41 people at Brennan's, and absolutely every aspected on the event was pitch-perfect. The waitstaff was professional and efficient, the food was enjoyable, and atmosphere was lovely.
Originally, the Brennan's event manager had assigned us to their Red Room for our dinner. When I arrived at the event, I saw that the waiters had also set up a bar in the Gold Room for our cocktails before dinner so that my guests could visit and enjoy a drink before being seated. Using the Gold Room this way was a great idea. It was an added touch that went above and beyond.
The waiters who worked the event were real professionals. The lead waiter, Alex, was an old-hand at the job and  handled the flow of the dinner perfectly.
We all stayed too late enjoying wine after dinner and the waiters reassured me that we should stay as long as we liked--a really accommodating group of people.Breakast at Brennans was a big treat of my childhood, but our visit (7/9/11) was a huge let down. Most of the blame goes to the hosteses, who were unhelpful and curt. When we arrived promptly for our reservation we were told that it would be 3-4 minutes. After 10 minutes we went back. They were just as curt, and said that they had already told us it would just be a couple minutes. We were smushed into the (very smal) bar area (thanks to 2 large parties). After another 20 minutes we went back again. They were still unpleasant, and told us that they had called us 10 minutes prior. No. We were within direct view of the hostess stand teh whole time. The waiter was old school, friendly and did his best to cheer us up (very friendly, free drinks, and an extra starter and dessert). The food ranged from good (eggs) to great (turtle soup) to disappointing (so-so bananas foster, not done table-side. But the service lagged, with long long waits between courses. Imho, they have expanded so much that it has just turned into a production line.Visiting NOLA with friends, we walked by this place one evening when walking around. And it seemed nice, so we decided to go back the next day for brunch! That was the best decision we made that weekend.
This place has great character especially if you like a little luxury. The brunch a little OTT but an experience not to be missed! The mimosas were a perfect blend of sparkling wine and OJ. They had proper English breakfast tea (for anyone who's had what passes for breakfast tea in the US, you'll know what I mean by proper!), the eggs were just right........I can go on and on. But, the best was reserved for last. The desserts cooked in front of you are great. 
I could go on in a similar vein about the ambiance, the service etc. etc. .......you get the idea! 
We didn't feel it was pricey when you consider what you get for your money.
If you are in NOLA, this is definitely THE place for brunch.We decided to give Brennan's 1 Star, having high hopes, we truly wanted this to be a 1st class dining experience considering this was supposed to be an unforgettable 40th Birthday celebration, which, technically, it was... With all of the restaurants in NOLA we chose Brennan's based on the reviews from Yelp and hearsay of the legendary Bananas Foster.
1st, let me say that we are not dining snobs, and it's not usual that we rate this low,  we love to eat at hole in the wall, off the beaten path dining establishments, obviously we love to eat excellent meals at a cheaper price, but when we go out expecting to pay top dollar for a meal, we expect top dollar service and food.  
We had a reservation for 7:00 pm on a Sunday evening, we arrived early and they offered to seat us immediately, that was a good start.  We were brought through a maze of tables back to a small alcove with a fireplace and one other couple, the restaurant was close to empty which we didn't mind, the less noise the better. Our 1st inclination that things may not go as planned was the giant laminated menu with cartooned logo offered to us upon seating. Laminated menu's?
Our server was a young kid who had good intentions, but for the reputation of Brennan's service and the money we were paying, we were surprised he was our main server, his hair was disheveled and his shirt by the end of the evening was hanging down past his backside.  Each time the food was taken away from our table and placed in the corner next to us in an ever growing precarious stack, clean silverware was not replaced, and as the courses continued, we had to ask each time for eating utensils.  
I ordered the Veal, and now that it's 2 weeks ago, the only thing memorable, is thinking how over cooked it was.  My fiancee ordered the Red Fish with lump crab meat, this was better than my veal, though not noteworthy.
As I mentioned before, we were seated in a small alcove, 1/2 way through our meal, while enjoying each others company, 6 people were seated in the table next to us, obviously they had been spending time on Bourbon Street, casually dressed, loud and obnoxiously drunk. 
Great.
On to the Dessert: 
The Bananas Foster: A New Orleans Institution, the whole reason we went to Brennan's, is supposed to be huge in presentation right? Big Fire? Sizzling Hot Bacardi 151 Flambe, Ice cream melting...... Caramelized Sugar, you get the point... Instead, we got a 15 second, wham bam,  quick flame. - poof - it's done.... .  Our quiet neighbor ordered the same "show"  but he'll just have to take our word for it, since it was done behind his back.  The actual dessert - eh.. not bad, but with the rest of the evening behind us now, let's just say, "what a bummer"
This was my fiancée's 40th Birthday celebration and when we arrived, I let the hostess know that it was his birthday - while credit was given for originality and we were in awe of the candle lit baguette packed with Green olives for eyes, a strawberry nose, lime wedges for ears and a grinning orange slice for the mouth - memorable as it was.. 1st class dining, huh?  
One Last note: if you're going to have a "fixed" prix menu, it should not cost more for every item on the menu. 
I'm happy that people are still enjoying their experiences at Brennan's and based on the reviews, we might be out of the norm.  Sadly enough, our experience was memorable, but not in a good way.  I might have been an "off" night?   Sorry for the 1 Star Brennan's, wish it could have been better.Beyond amazing!!! I went here for breakfast on my 30th birthday. It was truly a meal that became an event! EVERYTHING was perfect!!!I typically judge restaurants on what they are trying to be and whether or not they achieve what they're selling.  That said, Brennan's seems to be attempting a fine dining restaurant, and has been a Nola favorite for some time.  I get that, we all have our favorites, but Brennan's is like a dying Oldsmobile.  I'm sure it was great when you drove it off the show room floor in 1982, but it's just kind of sad now.
A recap of the major disappointments here:
1) Laminated menus.  If anything on the menu was priced comparably to IHOP or Chili's I would be perfectly fine with a laminated one sheet menus.  If I'm paying $42 for a steak, I would like to open up a menu and see a real piece of paper that might indicate that the chef has made some form of adaptation in the last 10  years.
2) Wine.  They somehow managed to win Wine Spectator's Grand Award.  I'm betting that they sent their wine list in to a judge and won the award.  Had someone from the magazine actually dined here, it would barely get an honorary mention.  They were out of two of the bottles we selected, so we had to choose alternates...please understand that we weren't ordering a 1958 Margot here, just some under $100 bottles of red and white for the table.  If it's not in stock, take it off the menu (oh, yeah, you don't reprint things because they are laminated...).  Wine, whether red, white, or Irish Coffee, is served in a small generic glass.  Good thing I didn't order the Margot.  The bottles are kept off the table which is fine from a service standpoint if a waiter actually comes around to refill your glass.  Instead we had to keep getting up from the table and retrieving our bottle.
3) Food.  Please forgive me Brennan fans everywhere, but I've had better food from hotel banquet kitchens. Brennan's could forgo the whole laminated menu and just ask us "fish or beef" and make their lives much easier.  It was good, but generic, unimaginative, and way overpriced for the quality of the dishes.
There are a slew of other irritating things including airport-style automatic seat liners in the bathroom (most restaurants just clean their toilet seats often enough to avoid the need for something like this), but I'll rest my case here:  sorry Brennan's but it might be time to take the Oldsmobile to the junkyard.I came here just for dessert- an end to our 5 course meal from earlier. We had the bananas foster & the suicide cake. YUMMMM!! The suicide cake is rich and chocolatey, not too sweet, and swimming in cream. I pretty much finished this cake on my own. The bananas foster is a fun little show. They bring out the bananas, butter, alcohol, and some cinnamon with other fixings- and flame the whole thing right in front of you. Add a scoop of ice cream and this was such an amazing, light dessert.  This is another suit jacket required restaurant, much newer looking than Galatoire's, but equally expensive. I didn't try any of the food, but the desserts are highly recommended here.Doesn't live up to the hype. And, I didn't have that much of an expectation either. 
Unorganize (?)I made the reservation via phone and confirmed it with email, still they didn't have my name on the list. Good thing for smart phone, I can pull up my email. Otherwise, I might be out of luck taking Mom out on her birthday.  
Service: They have slow service. Extremely slow. With the price on the menu and the reputation, large place with 80% capacity is no excuse to have a shoddy or below par service.  
Unattentive: We got butter placed on our table but no bread. I had to request for them. Even then the bread still didn't come. Wait staff were very good at passing your table without asking anything. Placing items on your table pretty much without care, as if they are in a rush.  Our own waiter was better, even then, he seemed to be overwhelmed for some reason.  
Appetizer: do no order the Oyster Casino.  That dish doesn't belong in the line up. Look and taste like something an amateur prepared: over baked oyster with ketchup on top.  
Food: About the only thing that justify the 3 stars. Steak was cooked to order (although personally I don't think the banana fits with the dish (Steak Stanley) and was tender and tasty. The Trout Pecan was perfect. 
Banana Foster is all right.  they didn't cook it next to your table as was described by many.  I have seen it performed before (and better) in other affluent (where service was immaculate) restaurants and this one is nothing special.  Really, if you have tasted a banana foster before, save your tummy for something new on the menu you never tried before.
All in all a three stars.  Both mom and I agreed on that.  I was hoping it would be better considering it's her special night.  But Brennan's fall short.Oh Brennan's, how you disappoint me. Everyone says you have to go to brunch at Brennan's, you just have to! Well, let me be one to tell you, really, you don't have to go and it will miss out on some hidden treasure. Yes, the bananas foster is good and not many places have it. So if you want to go, order dessert and leave it at that. 
We sat in the back corner of the restaurant down a dimly lit hallway near the kitchen staff break room. Our waiter had a young assistant and it took both of them about 15 minutes before taking our coffee order and another 20 minutes before taking our food order. Ok, I'm probably exaggerating, but its breakfast and it was a long wait to order some eggs. The food was alright, but for about $25, it was certainly not worth it for some sausage and eggs and a long wait. We had to flag down a busboy to tell our waiter we needed our dessert and check which totaled more than most of our dinners in NOLA and we didn't even drink!
Save your money and go get a coffee and beignet at Cafe du Monde.Brennan's holds the distinction in my mind of being the first New Orleans restaurant and most likely the first truly creole restaurant I have ever been to. Hubby and I hit Brennan's on our first morning on our first trip to New Orleans. The concept of a prix fixe morning menu sounded oddly foreign and very decadent and we were intrigued to experience it. However, now I realize that that is more food than a person is meant to consume at 10 am on a weekday morning. 
I had the turtle soup for my appy and a different take on eggs benny for the entree. I finished it up with a slice of decadent chocolate cake. I ended up taking the entire slice to go. Hubby had the banana's foster. I would go back to Brennan's just for the Banana's Foster alone. It was AMAZING.
Overall we weren't overly impressed with our egg dishes. They were good but didn't quite measure up to the hype or reviews we had read previously.  
I don't remember seeing any drunk frat boys, people in flip flops or experiencing bad or slow service as some previous reviews mentioned. The service was pretty much spot on and people seemed to be dressed nicely for a weekday morning. We were seated immediately. Even though we weren't right next to a window the gardens looked beautiful and I wished we could have sat out there to eat.Very excited about Breakfast at Brennan's on the first Sunday of JazzFest.  Had been in 1997 and it was a very memorable experience.  Now we were going back with my dad along for the ride.  We dressed up and headed down to Royal Street.  I had read the reviews here and was hoping that we would be one of the ones having a five-star experience, not a two-star one.  We ended up with one of the worst dining experiences of our lives, all for a very hefty fee, and I'm giving one star because I don't see a lower option.
First, it was very disappointing to see the dress code so relaxed.  I can see not requiring a jacket and tie, but t-shirts, shorts and flip-flops are OK?  It cheapens the experience.
We were timely seated at a nice table over-looking the courtyard and were enjoying our bloody marys we had ordered in the bar.  The first sign of an impending problem was when coffee was served.  No cream was present or offered.  On the waitress' return we asked for cream and were told "OK," not "I'm sorry," or given any indication that anything had been done wrong.  
Another server came over shortly and immediately spilled water over 1/3 of the table.  It seemed like all of the three people who did most of the work at our table, all of them young, had the shakes.  That is supposed to be the customer's role in New Orleans on Sunday morning!  None of the servers had any personality whatsoever.
So far, a couple of mishaps but still plenty of time to reverse course.  Unfortunately we then had the turtle soup incident.  The young man who served the soup to my wife and me served the soup then told us to wait to eat it because he was going to be right back with the sherry and we shouldn't taste the soup without it.  And then he never came back!  We ended up asking the water-spiller for the sherry a couple of minutes later.  No apology but she did get the sherry and poured it into our now lukewarm soup.
On to the main courses, now knowing that we were clearly not going to have a five-star experience but still hoping for a three or four.  My dad said his Eggs Benedict were good.  My wife ordered Eggs Sardou and I ordered Eggs Huassard.  It would seem impossible but between the two of us we had four different levels of doneness of the poached eggs!  One on my plate was done correctly.  The other three ranged from 1/3 of the yolk hard to one that had no runny yolk at all.  That is just simple incompetence.   In addition, my wife's creamed spinach was cold.  We didn't feel like sending them back but I wish now that we would have.
As we were "enjoying" our main courses my dad ordered an orange juice.  About 10 minutes later the waitress returned and said, and it's still inexplicable to me, that she couldn't get the OJ yet because the bartender had locked down the bar but she would get it shortly.  We told her to forget it.
We had also had the opportunity to observe the goings-on at the table next to us.  The waitress did not correctly take one order of bananas foster and then argued with the customer about whether she ordered it.  She had to make a second batch and seemed very displeased about it.  Then, in what would become a familiar theme, we heard that they had a problem with their bill that needed to be corrected.
So finally it was dessert time.  Like everybody else, there's nothing bad you can say about the bananas foster, they're delicious, but the enthusiasm was long gone.  We were ready to wrap it up and my wife still had a fair amount of bloody mary and asked if she could have a to-go cup.   The waitress returned and said, unbelievably, that she couldn't get the cup yet because of the bartender having done something.  It was really hard to fathom what was going on there.  We did eventually get the cup.
Of course, the bill included the orange juice.
So for our $250 we got amateurish service and  poorly executed food.  But it was a nice view of the courtyard.So, I have decided to review as many restaurants as I can remember from my trip to New Orleans because out of the 3 meals a day for 5 days it was extremely hard to find good service in this town.  Brennan's tops my list as the best for service. 
We came in on a Tuesday morning for brunch.  The four of us really enjoyed our meals and the staff was so attentive.  Yes, it was at times service overkill but after all of the horrible service we had received all week I think it was a refreshing change.
I ordered the ham and cheese omelet and it was fantastic.  The ham was amazing.  My boyfriend had some kind of sausage omelet, his parents tried it, and it was voted the best of the table.  We then shared the bananas foster which like everyone else has mentioned - was delicious. 
Once you are tired of all the crappy NOLA customer service, head to Brennan's.  It is pricey but well worth it.This place is amazing!  It is an upscale location, which I did not know prior to dining here.  On the flight to New Orleans a gentleman had suggested that we eat here if we want a good meal so we figured what the heck!
Upon walking in I realized I was quickly out of place in my shorts and polo shirt but I did not let the awkward glances of the other patrons in their finer attire deter me.  The staff didn't care so neither did I.
I cannot remember what chicken dish my GF had ordered but I got the ribeye with peppercorn sauce and it is easily in the top 3 of steaks I had ever had the pleasure to eat.  The sides were good, but I could not get my focus off this amazing steak, rivaling Shula's and Ruth's Chris in my book.  
I ordered the bread pudding for desert, I am a sucker for bread pudding and have to sample it every place I go that has it.  Always in search of the perfect bread pudding!  It was fantastic!  
Great meal and though on the spendy side, I would repeat when back in town.When we arrived in New Orleans, we asked our taxi driver for a recommendation on where to eat in the French Quarter, and he recommended Brennan's. We had no idea what to expect, but my initial thought was that we were under-dressed! The waiters were wearing tuxes, but luckily, casual dress for the patrons seemed okay.
After being seated, they brought out complimentary loaves of bread. We decided to split two omelets, one with ham and one with sausage. We were told that each omelet was made with 6 eggs, so we knew that would be plenty of food! Both tasted completely different, but I preferred the sausage to the ham. Each plate also came with a boiled tomato half covered with Parmesan cheese, and it was so delicious! It was a perfect complement to the omelets.
Also tried the mimosa. It tasted great, but it was a little pricey at nearly $10. In fact, all prices are pretty high here. But I think that's expected, and the portions are a decent size. I didn't realize this was the home of bananas foster, but I saw other diners trying this out. If I had known, I would have, too- no matter how full I was! It will have to wait until my next trip to New Orleans.I proposed to my now fiance in New Orleans - we had an amazing trip to New Orleans and brunch at Brennan's was supposed to the cherry on top of our trip.
We could not have been more disappointed.  We had a reservation, but still had to wait nearly a 1/2 hour for our table.  Once we got to our table, our weight had just begun.  Our meal took nearly 2 hours, with most of the time we were just sitting there waiting.  After waiting for a long time to get our meal, we saw someone bring a tray of food out, and put the tray near our table. We were pretty sure it was our food, but weren't sure.  The food sat there for nearly 5 minutes before finally our waiter came over and saw, and then gave us our food.
It was expensive.  Our brunch (without alcohol) cost us more money than we spent at dinner at Commander's Palace with alcohol.
The only thing that saves this rating was the bananas foster - amazing, and they make it in front of you which is fun. That was great.  Otherwise, our experience was terrible.Bananas Foster was our reason for coming but we ordered dinner despite not being hungry after a few days of overeating. So, bear that in mind.
We dressed up for dinner and were disappointed to see others wearing casual attire such as jeans, shorts, no jackets, after we went through the trouble of packing dressy clothes and shoes.
The menu was a large, floppy laminated menu.  Like the kind you get at a coffee shop.  Maybe it makes you feel like the prices aren't really over $40 for each entrees.  They do have a prix fix menu on the left side: four course for $48 plus extra for each appetizer and some desserts.
I had the prix fix: shrimp and corn chowder (extra $7), Brennan's salad, Trout Pecan, and Bananas Foster,  of course.  I made sure to resist the tempting aroma of the garlic bread which had lots of garlic.  The soup was rich and delicious. The salad's Creole dressing tasted like a good Italian dressing on Romaine with grape tomatoes and croutons. I enjoyed it.  By the time my entrée came, I was getting full.  I liked the fish and didn't touch any of the veggies (broccoli, carrots, string beans, cauliflower,  and roasted potato cubes).  The vegetables were are still vibrant colors and the potatoes looked good but I had to save room for my dessert!!  At last, our waiter came over to show me his pan with the bananas and "a little" brown sugar.  There was at least a cup of sugar! He explained how hhe was preparing it and when it was going to be flambe.  I loved the taste of the bananas but left the ice cream since I don't eat ice cream.  Oh, it was an extra $5 for that dessert.
The others had frog legs, lamb chops, redfish with lump crab and shrimps covered with hollandaise sauce, and Shrimp Victoria which came with mushrooms and gravy, rice, and same veggies as me.  My son got a strawberry cheesecake which he managed to eat after his chowder, salad, and shrimps.  He had a piece of garlic bread but skipped his rice and mushrooms.
Service was very good and subdued.  I liked sitting right by a gas lighting fixture.So not worth it for the pretentious attitude and low quality.  There are so many other great restaurants in this city.Went to Brennans for Breakfast. Very nice establishment. We got to sit upstairs and the wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. I ordered ham omelet or something of that nature and I swear it had 24 eggs in it...SO much food. My bf ordered the 3 course breakfast, and it seemed alright as well. 
The highlight of the meal was the bananas foster. They prepare it tableside and it was delicious. 
A good experience, but probably won't repeat. Especially since the check ended being over $100 for breakfast. Yikes.I've had excellent experiences at other Brennan's restaurants and expected the same here but was thoroughly disappointed. 
In there defense it was during Mardi Gras and I suspect we got the b-team but the food was something a second rate fry cook could deliver and the wait staff was clock watching. Boo.I had breakfast at Brennan's over ten years ago, and it still stands out in my mind as the greatest breakfast I ever had.  Any breakfast that ends in dessert is great.  A breakfast that ends in flaming Bananas Foster from Brennan's is legen-- wait for it-- dary.A gentleman at the bar was more receptive to having me seated than the lady at the computer screen. I accommodated quickly in a space by the banana foster's cart and dishes to be bushed away.
The consistency of the Jackson salad was like the sad lettuce you find on a super hot, sloppy made, sauce drenched fat food burger. Gorgonzola was creamy and bacon crispy despite the dressing saturation. Really enjoyed the touch of egg with the cheese and bacon (I avoided the lettuce after a few bites). Apparently, when I gave my feedback on dinner as I was leaving I was informed I had not been the only one voice the complaint. The L'Ermitage was crisp and reminded me of honey dipped granny smith apples.
My Filet Flangé dish spent too much time under the salamander (think broiler) so the vegetables came out quite pathétique. The potatoes were garlic'd to my liking but were also impacted by the overuse of the salamander. The filet was large, cooked perfectly medium rare and arrived piping hot. The Bousin stuffing and Cabernet reduction combination reminded me of a saucy strawberry herbal cheesecake; however not necessarily bad, it did overwhelm the natural flavor of the steak. Hess Cabernet - nothing note worthy.
The two waitresses, Emily & Justine, we're endearing and attentive. We were all in consensus that the Brennan family Bread Pudding was the way to go. A custardy Irish Whisky sauce went just right with consistency to the bread pudding, a balance between soft and tender and crisp and dried. Speckled with chopped pecans and dotted with raisins, this left me quite satisfied. The complimentary Hurricane did not hurt and was a freshly made, refreshing, citrusy, fruit forward drink in comparison to the "Hawaiian Punch"-like Hurricanes I have had at a number of places.Brennan's ****
With a nearly endless list of classic egg dishes, and an impressive menu reeking of Creole favorites, I would have liked to have had dined here for a full meal...but only went (like many annoying tourists do) for their famous bananas Foster dessert. 
From the silverware, to the decor, to the linens and excellent service, this place was pleasantly elegant. 
The bananas Foster was delicious; with good ice cream that could have been house-made. I loved how our darling server (Franklin) informed us of the history of the dessert and showed us what was in it before it was flambéed and served tableside. Nice touches.
One problem however is their schedule. They only serve 'dessert only' diners at the last 15-30 mins of each lunch and dinner shift. So you have to call them and see of they are open for such. It was lame and very complicated for tourists who are on a tight schedule. I suppose this helps ward off the icky tourist joint vibe that other popular establishments are forced to embrace.
Next time I go, I would like to have a full dinner there with wine and all the extras. This is why I can only give 4 stars.
I did not want to leave...but we had more of the Big Easy to see....
--AnthonyTrout Nancy! Banana fosters!!! Spinach salad, request no bacon, otherwise, it comes with it (my friend doesn't eat Wilbers). Nancy was a big fish cuz the fillet was large! green peppercorns was a unique flavor for me- it was recommended by the waiter as one of the most popular dishes. No leftovers. Reisling with dinner & late harvest with dessert. Flambé dramatic flare from Alfredo (like the sauce). Excellent service, they must have refilled our water and ice tea goblets a dozen times (without asking!) we were PARCHED from the walking garden tour. 
Inside there were bios & fun facts on the wall, read about Mr. Foster and origin of the dessert. Chairs in dining room are vinyl, so wear a longer skirt ladies or sit to the side of the chair, otherwise your thighs will not thank you for the chair impression. Wear nicer clothes, although there were some diners in their Disneyland clothes, so you'll still be fine regardless of your attire. 
Outside with pretty lights and wrought iron tables/ chairs. Charming place...everyone said goodbye when we were walking out...wow.The most expensive breakfast/eggs I ever had.....but worth every penny as I recall.Went here for a banana foster.  Service was average. Banana foster was very good. price for the foster was only $10, but the rest on the items on the menu were 20+. So spendy if you want to go for a meal, but just for the foster it was worth it.  I went for breakfast and felt the attire was fairly casual.A New Orleans Institution.
It's almost worth it to come here just for the historical value. The staff is excellent and professional, and they didn't seem to mind too much that my party was under-dressed for the occasion. You can find a better value for quality food elsewhere, but it feels nice to get waited on in this beautiful and historical place right across the street from the steps of Louisiana's Supreme Court. It's expensive, so be prepared. The banana's foster are, as a matter of course, excellent. I came for dinner so I can't speak of the breakfasts, but my 5-course meal came with an egg dish that was fabulous. This is one of the high-end restaurants, there are better, but this is up there, and worth going because of its history and location.Phenomenal meal. 
Mom and shared a bunch of appetizers, some drinks and the bananas foster (obviously!) for dinner and everything was so so so SO good. Our waiter was on point, super helpful, chatty and charming.
The standout piece from our meal was that barbecue shrimp appetizer; a few shrimp came out swimming in a creole barbecue cream sauce which was to. die. for. It's not so heavy on the barbecue flavor, but that doesn't mean it's not flavorful, and hearty, and consistent, and just perfect in every single way. Ask for extra french bread (which you want to do anyway, because the bread is on point) because you do not want any of this liquid heaven to be left behind.This was the last stop on a week of ridiculous NO eating.  And, unfortunately, it paled next to rather memorable meals elsewhere.  Sure, the white glove service is nice, and if I had just gone for the yummy bananners it would have been a 5 star experience.  Unfortunately, the rest of the meal was a little lackluster.
The turtle soup was good, but didn't hold a candle to K-Paul's.  The chicken and andouille over rice was tasty but not in any way special or up to par at one of the old guard of New Orleans cuisine.  With all the new joints opening up throughout the city with insane food and fun atmospheres, Brennan's is no longer a must stop on your eating tour of New Orleans.  
My advice: eat dinner somewhere else, take a nice walk through the quarter, then stop and get your Foster's fix.  It won't break the bank and will leave you feeling like the trip was justified.So went to NOLA with my girlfriend and my parents... we spent the first few days looking for a place with good service, knowing good meals were all around us, we tried a few places and the service was horrible.  Brennan's on the other hand was great.
We went for brunch, and the staff was incredible, on top of every detail, constantly refilling waters, asking us if we wanted to refresh our coffee and even waited until the women were done eating to take the plates off the table. 
The breakfast was also very good.  Omelets, I got the spicy sausage omelet, my parents the crab and my girl friend the ham n cheese.  The crab was very good, and packed full of crab, mine was the best and very filling.  We all shared the bananas foster, and is was very good.  (after seeing and smelling the waiters make them at every table, we couldn't resist.) 
The place is expensive, especially for breakfast meals, but the customer service compared to almost every other place in NOLA was worth the price.I was in NOLA during Mardi Gras and had brunch at the place. I was thoroughly disappointed with service and food. We were a large party of 10 and we had two servers and they still managed to screw things up.
I ordered turtle soup, which was ok. My friend's soup arrived cold and it took a while to get one that was warmer.
I ordered eggs hussard. I am very specific about how I like my eggs. Not runny, not hard, soft jelly texture. They arrived completely runny. It took such a long time that others had already finished their breakfast before they tried to fix my dish. The next version was completely hard cooked eggs.
I don't even remember the dessert.
Only thing that was good was milk punch, expensive but good.
All in all I do not plan to return. There are so many other good places and the price I paid for prix fix was outrageous considering the food and service I received.Overpriced tourist trap with nothing but eggs on the menu.  If I'm paying $36+ for breakfast, throw in some bacon or sausage.  It was just one benedict after another - yuck!
And seriously, I've had MUCH better bananas foster.I came to this place for the famous bunch I had read and heard so much about.  I left wondering why anyone would actually pay to eat here.  Our waiter was hungover from partying on Bourbon St. the previous night and hadn't even bothered to shave before work.  The Eggs Owen, despite their delicious description, amounted to no more than poached eggs on top of a bed of hamburger helper.  Brennan's is famous for its Banana Foster, so I decided to give it a try.  Our waiter started preparations then left to take care of another table, resulting in the entire restaurant filling with smoke.  He then remade it on the house, but didn't spend long enough cooking it, so the sauce had a strong taste of alcohol.  For such exorbitant prices I would expect excellent food and great service, but found neither.While Dickie Brennan's won the highest star rating on our visit two NOLA, the original establishment gets only a three stars. Don't get me wrong I'm sure on a different day the rating could/would be higher. I found a few transgressions that wouldn't allow me to really give it my full blessing. Think of me as harsh if you must; when your paying near as makes no difference $50 a plate it had better be spot on.
I'll get the wife out of the way first, the soup special with a salad. She liked it; end of story. We had two servers, whether one was a trainee I'm not sure. Overall it was attentive so I can overlook a fine dining detail like my napkin not being folded upon my return to the table from a bathroom and smoke break. Also picture dressing standards including the servers traditional garb down to the front of house manager in a full suit. Di Nero in Casino came to mind.
Brennan's was my first restaurant to actually use old school shells in the escargot appetizer complete with Pretty Woman slingshot snail tongs! In Texas, old french traditions have been upgraded with mild use of puff pastry usually cooked in the oven. No BBQ snails on a stick in the lone star state! Bitter undercooked garlic plagued what I was presented. For those who haven't tried snails, think portabello mushrooms. The flavors are remarkably similar. 
My selection of a veal entree got a mixed review. Baby cow, prized for its tenderness...it was just by a few minutes overcooked and dry. On the upside I'm not kidding about a cup of the best lump crab meat I've ever had covered in bearnaise.  Mediocre and minimal presentation for the vegetables on the plate complete with lemon hair net.
A table side dessert could have made the stars align for a better result; but Brennan's chose to create the bananas foster about 15 feet south of our table. OSHA? Worried about the 70's aquanet hair spray? AMAZING and now a paramount creation, its interactive show was left far far away. Que in the wife safely sporting her updated and sexy Fifi Mahoney's classy wig look. Perhaps a fire hazzard; I'll never know.
Next visit  I'll try as I intended a seafood dish as NOLA intended. RICH food ahead; and for what its worth the official namesake of Brennan's did well to impress. Sipping a Sazerac, then a well thought out Irish Coffee. Lovely interior courtyard complete with Rooster worthy Grandparents and vacation visiting. Swizzle sticks confiscated  because of our kid the Rooster; made a nice gift upon return to Texas. Not the best execution in the kitchen for the dollars spent.Started off OK with a really great view from upstairs of the courtyard. Got a fun drink. But then REALLY slow service. Waited 40min for breakfast when the dining room was half full. And breakfast was OK. The wait unfortunately ruined it for me.Yelp, you let me down. Dinner here was by far the worst meal I've ever had in NOLA, and my four dining companions agreed. Prices are ridiculous ($40+ for many entrees) , the food ranged from awful to decent, the service was awkward and the bathrooms were a mess. I'm from New Orleans, trust me, you can do much better! (Yes the bananas foster are good, so if you must try them, just go for dessert!)This place is definitely a tourist trap and super expensive for brunch but the food itself was really good.
What we got:
Eggs Hussarde - The marchand de vin sauce made this dish DELICIOUS
Eggs Bayou LaFourche - Basically an eggs benedict.  Very tasty.
Fried Oyster Benedict
Banana's Foster - This restaurant originated this dish and it was YUMMY!!  We got a double-shot of rum in ours.
Service:
Super friendly attentive waiter and shadow waiter.Perhaps one of my favorites around the country. I love the creole food. I never told my wife this, but years ago I stayed and extra day on a business trip just so I could eat another meal there....unforgettableWithout a doubt the most OVER RATED place in america. This is supposed to be the "Best Breakfast" in the US....what a joke. We got the prefixed menu, only cost $41. The starter was whipped cream and strawberries....WOW...never had that before. The entree was eggs Benedict, which was pretty mediocre. Then the desert was bananas foster...I can make this myself...and it was an additional $5 on top of the $36 for Breakfast, making it the $41. I really dont inderstand how someone can say its worth it. Poeple must just think its good...because they read such great thinks in magazines. 
Don't waist your time and money here...it's not a "tradition" at all...just a way to get you to drop $40 on breakfast.Even being months past my trip to Louisiana, I still think of this place as one of the two places in New Orleans that made the city an even halfway decent place to visit.  This is the place that I had been all but commanded to go during my trip for the AOA convention in November.  Heading here on one of my last few nights, my hopes and spirits were low, considering what a let down the rest of the dining in New Orleans had been.
Much to my surprise, Brennan's was a delight from the moment my party and I arrived.  We were ushered right back to our notably comfortable and plush seats, handed a wine list, and chatted up a little by our server.  A bottle was chosen after a few false starts (apparently their cellar was running a bit low) and then the bread came out.
I'd never be able to pull off an Atkins style diet.  Not with bread like this out in the world.  Honestly, I gave serious thought to asking if the baker was in house, as I seriously wanted to shake his or her floury hand.  French bread has never been crafted so well.  Crusty on the outside, light and almost sweet on the inside.  It doesn't get better.
Our appetizers came out in good order (I forget exactly what we had, but it was generally unmemorable), followed almost a little too quickly by our entrees.  And here's where I'm of an especially mixed mind.  Fried shrimp with Hollandaise sauce over it.  Sounds pretty good, right?  It probably would have been, if I hadn't been so sicked by another plate of fried seafood it probably would have been.  Who doesn't like fried seafood?  And coupled with Hollandaise and spinach?  Even now it sounds like I should have enjoyed it more than I remember doing so.  We all shared a little of our dishes and they were all quite good, if not amazing.
That little disappointment aside, the real main dish came out after the entrees had been cleared away.  Bananas Foster.
Everything you've heard about Bananas Foster from Brennan's is probably not quite sufficient to describe the actual dish.  Much less the wonderful presentation that goes along with it.  This is a dessert that even me, a decidedly non-sweet eater, am decidedly glad to have had the chance to try.  It's a Brennan's house specialty and deservedly so.  They do it here and they do it right.
We all left full, happy, with the glazed look in our eyes that can only be brought about with wine, good, food, and some heavy sugars.  Don't miss this place if you have the chance to go.The Banana's Foster is as good as everyone says it is. I must warn anyone who plans to go for brunch, DO NOT have the baked apple with double cream, followed by the eggs benedict, followed by the bananas foster. I OD'd on all of that cream and butter. I had to drink an entire pot of coffee to recover. I guess you need not heed my warning if you have an iron stomach, and it all tastes good nonetheless.I have to say I loved this place.
I went for breakfast yesterday and it was a delightful experience.
What do they do to their strawberries in double cream?  I don't know, but they are so fresh and sweet and lovely.  Yes, lovely.  
I informed my perfect server that I am vegetarian and he said he would make a plate for me half Eggs Sardou and half Eggs Portuguese.   Fantastic!!!    Really Fantastic!!
And the Bananas Foster?   So yummy and presented with fun and flair.   
The staff here are so welcoming and wonderful.  May Brennan's live forever!!
And the French Bread is quite nice too!!we went for my friends 30th birthday and decided to go some where that is a NOLA original..  I am not sure if people are aware of customer service ,or what good food is.  This place is not it... We were greeted at the hostess stand by a Lady who clearly didn't care for the job.  We were told to wait, even though we had reservations, AND it was 10am.  There were only 7 tables that had someone sitting at them in the entire dining room.  Service was awful, I am not sure if they were against us from the beginning because we appeared younger, we are nurses and all, but we did have money and were looking for a great time.  They brought bread after 20 minutes of waiting.  the bread was stale.  Menus were given out and then we were left alone for 30 minutes..really!?  I was so upset and wanted to leave, but it was my friends birthday brunch so i was trying to get over it.  We ordered the PFixe brunch and were very underwhelmed...strawberries with creme, and omelet and banana's foster for 200 dollars, for all three of us.  including 1 mimosa, and 2 bloody marys(which were watered down).  We could have eaten somewhere better for far less .
all in all it was one of the worst dining experiences i have ever had in NOLA.  I mean most places in NOLA have iffy customer service as it is, but they make up for it with charm, deliciousness ,or prices. This place is a huge trap for "tourist"  looking for something NOLA original.  Just walk a few places down and around and find something that is probably and 100% better and worth the price.  Even if it isn't a "Staple"Just to experience the Degas' family home as a restaurant is amazing, add to that the friendly and impeccable service and you have classic NOLA. we went just for desert one night - Bananas Foster of course!  altho my friend had a crepe and loved it.  I only wish they stayed open later than 9 and I would have been there more than once!This place was packed! We went for brunch! I will say that it was the most expensive a-la carte brunch I have ever eaten! The building is beautiful! There is waitstaff everywhere! I ordered the crab omelette and a side of potatoes (everything was ok- there was a significant amount of crab in the omelette!) My husband had that soup, spinach benedict and the banana's fosters. I would say the banana's fosters was the best part of the meal- there is always something so fun about watching them make it fresh in front of you! Overall i just didn't think it was worth the high price! Also- we got bloody marys- in a place like that i would expect that drinks ordered at the bar be made fresh in front of you! Instead the bartender took out a jug of already made bm and poured it into the glasses- kinda took away from the nostalgia of it all!You know when a waiter is so amazing, you barely notice the food? That's the effect of Lee at Brennan's. He's a true star.
I'm not a huge fan of fried food so the shrimp wasn't a good choice, as my friend agreed with her order of oysters. We should've gone with a eggy dish. But the creamed spinach with the mains was so delicious, I could've eaten a whole bowl of it. The appetizer of gumbo, good Lord, it was flawless. And the finale of bananas fosters totally shut us up. 
Go for the 3-course breakfast and ask for a table in Lee's section - it was the most fun daytime experience of my whole week in New Orleans.Cannot believe this disfunctionable family!!!! TO let employees of 30 and 40 yrs go with out a job. wow the Brennan family need HELP. Now NO has no everyday place for four star branch? goodby NO,you are off the map. Pat G. Corpus Christi,TXChose this place for a company dinner (9 people) after reading about a 4 course $48 prix fix dinner. Seated at long table in corner, against a wall. Two people requested water as their only drink, had to wait until the other 7 were served their bar drinks to receive the tap water. Waiters had to reach over the people on their side of the table to serve anyone against the wall. Prices listed are deceiving. All of the first course choices (even soup) had add-on costs. There was not a 4 course option listed anywhere on the menu for $48. It was really $48 for a 3 course and a reduced price 4th course.Top notch service expected of New Orleans finest restaurants. The drinks are generous and fixed by knowledgable bartenders.  Started off with turtle soup which was one of the best I've had in the city. Dinner was filet with Bernaise and Marchand de Vin sauces on the side with twice baked loaded potato and roasted tomato (with Parmesan on top).  Dessert was pecan pie with homemade vanilla ice cream (BEST I've had). Pricey, but food-gasmic experience.Fabulous brunch spot. It's pretty expensive for brunch, but definitely worth it. The service was awesome and the food was delicious. 
They have various versions of eggs benedict on the menu. I went with the Eggs Hussarde, which was awesome. Plenty of flavor and a good-sized portion of eggs. 
My friends also said the omelets and the turtle soup were very good. 
I highly recommend this place and you have to get the bananas foster. After all, they were invented here.  And, the brandy milk punch was a great eye-opener to start the meal.We were there on a Sat night. Not too crowded - got right in with no reservation.  Food was good but not awesome - oyster soup, salads, blackened fish, steak, pecan pie. I'll get the Bananas Foster next time - it's a really great show the way they cook it near you....
Only disappointing part was the slow service. Our meal took nearly 2 hours! I was with good company and we had lots to talk about, but it seemed to drag on and on and on.
I believe a GREAT measure of a place is whether or not you will go back. I would have to say that I'm glad I went but I would rather try somewhere else on my next 'big night out.'Excellent and attentive service. Flawless presentation, meriting 5/5 stars. Entree itself and value for expectation ratio:  4/5 stars.I'm a bit surprised to see that, as it stands now, Brennan's has only a 3.5 star approval. 
We came here for desserts (bananas foster, duh!), but ended up trying out some appetizers too (escargot!). Don't skip out on the bananas foster - it's a must and they give you a nice show with it by making it right outside in the dining room. 
Escargot was extremely pleasant (this coming from a first-timer). Service was beyond excellent! They cleaned our breadcrumbs, handed us menus, and very considerately waited on us even though we were eating very little off their menu. Not to mention they have you wait outside in their gorgeous, very romantic patio while setting up your table... Fancy.
Sure I was a tourist while I was visiting here, but I definitely didn't feel like it was a "tourist trap". Seemed very authentic and serious about their business, and they provided excellent service and food to prove it.Service was not very good,it took 15min.to get water brought to our table,We won't ever go again,We went for Bananas Foster and it was ok,also Mangers shouldn't drink on the job!This place is a New Orleans Landmark! 
They are known for a wide variety of 'firsts' in the culinary world including the dessert Bananas Foster.  I got the pleasure of coming here during a conference and the service and food was really good.
Besides a very unique menu, everything is prepared with incredibly fresh ingredients and many items are done table side.  
I had the turtle soup, several appetizers, and one of the specialty steaks (I believe it was Diane).  
The only reason why this place doesn't rate 5 stars is the prices are extravagant in the extreme.  While the food was delicious, I wouldn't say it warranted the prices they charged.  With wine we spent about 200 per person.
Still a great experience but probably once in a lifetime.I liked the food here, it was good I had the eggs Hussarde which is an eggs benedict basically it was good. The thing that upset me here is that their egg dishes are really expensive. They have a price fix menu which has an upcharge for every single thing they are known for, ie. eggs with the crab on top and their bananas foster which is their signature desert. I felt a little goughed. Breakfast by itself is $30 for eggs. I'm glad I came here and had the experience but the cost was a little ridiculous. Especially in NOLA when there is so much great food everywhere.Making good time I stopped to snap some pictures of the quarter prior to getting in the growing line at Brennan's for what I hoped to be a breakfast that was actually worth the substantial hype (and price.)  Listening to the other persons in line I was somewhat relieved to realize that most of these folks were local and not tourists - a good sign I though.  
Like clockwork the doors to Brennan's opened at 9am and we slowly filed into the large and well lit lobby with decorations harkening a time well before I was born.  Confirming my reservation with the hostess a small card was filled out and I was led along with a number of other groups to an excellent two-top in the sunlit hallway just off of the main dining room.  Greeted as a group by the man who would be our primary waiter the menu was explained to us as a group - at first I found this a bit odd but when I heard the EXACT same presentation five more times during my 80 minute dining experience I realized why it was done that way - it was very rehearsed.
Browsing the menu and noting the myriad up-charges (essentially every item recommended by our server) I debated the a la carte selection versus the prix fixe but eventually decided on the prix fixe.  Orders placed I was brought a bold and chicory laden coffee that was filled repeatedly without hesitation, a large glass of ice water, and a loaf of crispy French bread that seemed a bit cool and dried out - without a doubt the worst bread service of the trip.
Considered as much an "Experience" as a meal I must say I was pleased by the service at Brennan's despite it's well choreographed nature - while certainly refined fine dining service like one expects at a Michelin Starred establishment each of the servers, captains, and ancillary staff filled their role admirably and the theater of the meal (the history, the flaming items, etc) played out well.
Arriving approximately 20 minutes after I was seated, my first dish of the meal was the famous baked apple in double cream.  Consisting of exactly what was stated this was a wonderfully sweet golden delicious baked in ample amounts of cinnamon and butter and then placed in a thickened sweetened cream accented with cinnamon, nutmeg, and vanilla.  Somewhat akin to an apple dumpling without the shell I was actually surprised that the dish was served cold but interestingly found it to be quite refreshing and tasty - while I wouldn't spend the $7.50 a la carte price it was certainly a nice way to start the meal.
Arriving approximately 20 minutes after the apple my main course was delivered and although some may note that Brennan's is expensive, I fully believe that this dish justifies the visit.  Entitled Oysters Benedict the dish featured a dozen plump and juicy oysters fried in a crispy panko and cornmeal coating and resting atop two slices of savory Canadian bacon.  Topping off the dish was a delectable paprika accented hollandaise sauce and alongside the oysters and bacon was a wonderfully sweet and almost fruity tomato topped with parmesan and baked before presentation.  A wonderful balance of flavors I rather wish I'd have ordered the dish with some poached eggs, but on its own it was still quite tasty.
Finishing the meal - well, as much as I love bread pudding I just had to see what the Bananas Foster was all about.  Presented uncooked first and then slowly prepared at a small station just behind me before our sever allowed a young girl to finish the dish with rum I have to say the theater and smell of the dish definitely outperformed the presentation and the flavor.  For the price I personally found the use of bruised bananas somewhat off-putting and...well, it is just bananas, sugar, butter, cinnamon, and some liquor that is burned off.  While I'm glad I experienced it I can't say I'd order it again on return and if I wanted some good caramelized bananas in New Orleans I'd sooner go to Brigtsen's for the banana bread pudding....it's cheaper, larger, and quite a bit better.
Paying the sizable bill and bidding farewell to my server I wandered around the large building and marveled at the fact that it was only 10:15am and every seat was full - clearly word has gotten around that this is the place for breakfast in New Orleans.  Having been to many a great brunch/breakfast places around the country, many of which are touted as "THE experience" I can say that Brennan's more or less lived up to the hype - though at a relatively substantial cost.  Was it worth it - yep, but mostly just to say I did it...on future visits I'd probably just head to Camellia Grill and save more money for lunch.A little expensive, but very pretty atmosphere and tasty food. The brunch 3 course meal is the way to go.
I had the fresh strawberries and cream course one, followed with the eggs benedict (the bread was incredible). Of course I finished with the bananas foster, which they are well known for, and was out of this world!
My husband and I left with very full stomachs! 
If you are up for a cocktail with breakfast, the brandy milk punch or mimosas are the way to go!This is a review for dinner and I think that is why I am only giving two stars. From what I've heard this place is much better for brunch. It is a beautiful restaurant; however, the food did not deliver. I had the Red fish with lump crab meat and it was just very bland, which is the last thing I would expect from cuisine in New Orleans. I was very disappointed. The bananas foster is pretty good and they do put on a little bit of a show cooking it for you, but it was not enough to save the evening.Brennan's is the only place I've ever:
1) Been offered a "starter course" before eating BREAKFAST;
2) Had WINE paired with my breakfast;
3) Had two giant pieces of trout as part of my breakfast;
4) Had DESSERT as part of my breakfast!
5) Eaten (and enjoyed) SO MUCH FOOD for breakfast...
We had an incredible meal and service at Brennan's this past Saturday morning -- our last meal before departing New Orleans.    Although I declined the "starter," our server brought out to me a complimentary bowl of strawberries and cream because, he said, he wanted me to have it.   Shrewd move: I ate it and enjoyed it.  I also really liked my husband's baked apple for breakfast (also something I've never had for breakfast before).
The food was delicious and it was tricky to decide just which egg dish I wanted to try.   I went with the one I would never make at home, Eggs Shannon --poached eggs atop fried trout and creamed spinach.   Somehow, I put it all away.   My husband chose to enjoy Eggs Ellen -- poached eggs atop salmon with steamed vegetable accompaniment.   Both of our plates included a warm, parmesan-topped tomato.
Then -- as if all that weren't enough already, we went for their signature dish, Bananas Foster.   We enjoyed every last bite.
This is, also, the most expensive breakfast we have ever eaten.   Which makes sense, if you think about it, because we basically enjoyed a formal 3-course dinner for breakfast.
If you're coming here expecting a simple, inexpensive breakfast TURN AROUND.   This is a high-class breakfast experience pretty unique unto itself, thus fitting in perfectly in New Orleans.I would most definitely not miss another opportunity to visit Brennan's for brunch! From the refreshing cup of coffee to the exquisite Banana's Foster (one of the best desserts I've ever had), this meal was unforgettable! The eggs benedict Hussard was one of the best dishes I've ever experienced, and the gumbo was by far the best I've ever had. The employees were top-notch (I loved watching our precious and sweet waiter flambee the Banana's Foster) and the atmosphere fun and romantic. I highly recommend Brennan's if you want to experience old-world style French food in the heart of the French Quarter!It's a traditional New Orleans experience, so it's got that going for it. Nothing I ate was *bad*, either. But there are a couple reasons I'm marking this place down:
1) I really, really hate being nickel-and-dimed like this. If you're going to offer an (already overpriced) prix fixe menu, don't charge extra for the few things people want to try (e.g., bananas foster).
2) The wine list is extensive and excellent, but shockingly overpriced. Certainly the most inflated prices I've ever seen in my life on a wine list.
3) The food is mediocre and old fashioned.
I knew many of these things coming in from the various yelp reviews I'd read, but I just wanted to amplify them. Not remotely worth the money.I'll try to be succinct since there are so many other (conflicting) reviews here. 
This place is housed in a beautiful building and has very attentive service, but there are some strange touches that probably give it a seedy vibe: laminated menus, pushy waiters trying to get you to order more, raising eyebrows when asking for more bread, etc.
We all got the prix fixe. The menu is not printed clearly, and whether the misleading information is there on purpose, you can decide for yourself. It says it's a 4-course prix fixe, but actually only three are included (all appetizers have additional charges, but you get a salad anyway so don't let the waiter bully you into ordering extra if you don't want it).
I fought the waiter hard ("really?? youre sure you dont want the first course? do you not want the prix fixe then?") got the "three course" with the Brennan salad, trout kottwitz, and bread pudding.
Everything was cooked well and very tasty, but pretty plain and old school (this is definitely 50s era fine dining, complete with broccoli and carrots, with seasoning consisting pretty much exclusively of ample amounts of lemon, butter, and salt). It was sort of like the fanciest TV dinner I've ever had - which is okay because I like TV dinners.
Still though, plain food and bad service definitely not worth the $70ish after tax and tip. You could probably look up all the dishes an easily recreate them at home. If your reasons for coming to New Orleans are similar to mine (to experience unique flavors and really feel like you're getting a taste of this place), skip it.The food was great and the staff nice.
I had the redfish, my wife had the Pecan Trout while my son had the Buster Crab.  The fish was very good but my son wasn't wowed by the crab but he's nine so that might be allot of it.
He had the chocolate suicide cake which he hasn't stopped talking about (he loved it).  Me and the wife had the house specialty Bananas Foster which was also exilent.
The only downside to the meal was there enemic wine by the glass list.  They have a great by the bottle list but I wasn't wanting a bottle even NOLA had a better list.
Other than that it was a great experiance and I would recommend it to anyone.The best garlic bread and onion soup in town. Get the prix fixe dinner. Great deal and tremendous service. Very reasonably priced and extensive wine list too!What a great, iconic New Orleans place!  I enjoyed breakfast here this week - baked apple with cream, eggs houssard, and the infamous bananas fosters!  Quite pricey, but worth it one time!  The service was fantastic and the setting was quaint.didn't have any food here, just the banana's foster.  it's not cheap, but worth EVERY penny.  definitely the best banana's foster i've ever had (which you'd hope for since they only invented it). our waiter was the best!  he didn't seem to mind that we weren't ordering any entree's, and didn't even pass us weird looks when we told him we wanted to order 3 orders of banana's foster for 8 people.  he even gave us each a printed recipe with the story about how the dish was invented right there at brennan's.The reviews below which said this place was a tourist trap are absolutely right. My fiance and I along with two friends made reservations here for New Year's Eve 2011. I've had better tasting food at Denny's for a quarter of the price. The service sucked, the waiter was high (literally), our wine was picked up prior to it being finished, water was dropped all over our food items and us, it was humid inside, and we were moved from one table to the next. When the waiter asked us how everything was and I replied very disappointing his response was "That's nice." 
I have eaten at other Brennan's establishments and the food and service have always been impeccable but this is one experience and establishment which is far from good. I understand this place is closed but I felt it important to post a review.  I have a hard time believing that the good reviews here are correct, my guess is they are reviewing the wrong Brennan's.If you're missing the dated pastel decor and the rather sloppy tuxes of the Tavern on the Green in Manhattan, then this here's your place. 
I feel like these bougie establishments that attract clientele that have been regulars for over thirty years are like movies that don't exactly age well. Try showing The Neverending Story to a ten year old. The look they will give you when it...ends...is the same look you'll give your uncle for bringing you here (only please have better manners and convert your glare into internal frustration because it's Brennan's and you have better brought your coat and your manners!!). 
If you DO exchange looks, the unspoken conversation will inevitably be as follows:
You: "Is that it?"
Your uncle: "Awwwwwwwww yeah, THAT's it."
That doesn't mean the food is necessarily bad. The whole ordeal is an experience of tradition. But don't be surprised if you feel an air of gloating about "how the other half lives," etc etc etc.
The only reason I feel somewhat justified in mentioning this is because that's *precisely* the reason your uncle is paying $35 for a few eggs on an English muffin with some sauce.Prejudice...Ignorant....Awful- So I'm super excited to go to Brennan's for brunch because all of its positive feedback. The opposite was the case. We told the hostess table for 7, she took a look at us and immediately began to tell us that they didn't have tables for that sort of party. So we replied that we'd be ok with splitting it with 4 and 3...the hostess now accompanied by another waitress looked at us and said we still can't seat you....I finally said, Well geez we'll take 2 and 2 and 3....I mean what do we need to do to get seated. The manager came up and we expected him to say something but he just looked at us and it was evident! We looked around and the place was empty and full of snooty people. The prejudice was just pouring out now and we had to leave before we raised hell. No one should go through this type of experience when they're bringing in revenue and looking forward to a New Orleans staple. I don't recommend this place and will never come here again. The manager should be fired and the food is not worth the risk of having such an awe full experience. There's a lot better place!Fancy!  Service was slow, but we enjoyed ourselves.  The bananas foster was delicious and fun...it was cool to have it at the place where it was invented.  Dinner was expensive but tasty.  It's another one of those NOLA places to which you've gotta go to say you've been, especially to eat some flaming hot fruit over ice cream!  Oh, P.S. The bread pudding was the bomb.This is probably not going to curry any favors for me as reviews go but, with all the hype that IS Brennan's, I guess the bar was raised too high before we even walked in the door.
Our last night in NOLA (on this trip) we treated ourselves to one of the more "upscale," historic dining places.  And, so far, I've been disappointed - and Brennan's is one of them.
Don't get me wrong, it's every bit as elegant and sophisticated as the history tells.  But, in the OVERALL experience of the meal, the service and the oh-dear-Lord prices.... Any place that charges $43 for a redfish dinner BETTER deliver the goods in ever facet.  Well, to be honest, on THAT dish, they did.
It was the $48 lamb that did NOT.  Yes, it was presented beautifully.  The seasoning was good....it was VERY good, actually.  I wanted to suck the meat off the bones (but chose not to for fear of embarrassing my wife and dinner guest), it was good.  But it was NOT tender like I would expect.  We have a restaurant here in Corpus Christi that makes a rack of lamb for HALF the price, every bit as good and it's fall-off-the-bone tender.  Brennan's lamb was served with fried potatoes and vegetables, both of which were....okay, but nothing that I would rave about.  HOWEVER, the bearnaise sauce that came with the dinner I would eat over ICE CREAM, it was very good.
So, yeah, I'm torn between 3 stars and 4.  Maybe a 3.5.  But, what knocks it down, for me, are the prices, the service and the high expectations that didn't live up to the hype.
The prices are unGodly.  Yeah, okay, it's Brennan's.  But, when the LOWEST priced entree on the menu is $43???  And, I'm sorry, it's not as good as NOLA's (please, don't hate me for saying it if you haven't been there).  The service, also, isn't as good.  The food is over-the-top better at NOLA's (and elsewhere).  ....and I'm just going to stop right there.
If you've never been to Brennan's and want the experience of saying, "I ate at Brennan's," then by all means GO.  That redfish my wife had was excellent.  But, just be prepared for the "sticker shock."  Our ticket was over $120 (for TWO people), withOUT any alcohol, withOUT any appetizer OR dessert.Absolutely terrible, I wish I could give it zero stars.  Which is why I am surprised so many people rated it favorably.  I saw plenty of guests taking pictures of their food, I am not sure why, the plate was not particularly special in any way.  Any foodie that I have met never takes pictures of their plate at a supposed 4 - 5 star restaurant.  It's tacky and again I am going to go with why.  So I am going to completely ignore all of the reviews so far as people just not knowing the difference.  Ok, now down to why I think this is the worst restaurant in New Orleans.  It has an illustrious history which would normally command a high quality meal.  The decor was classic high end steak house.  The waiters and captain did not know the product or wine list, but did try and thus ended up giving incomplete and incorrect information on both counts.  The turtle soup was decent, and the barbecue shrimp were passable.  My creole onion soup tasted like it was out of a bag, and my baked oysters casino was barely passable.  Too much bacon and hot sauce to really taste the oyster.  Our entree was their highly acclaimed Redfish Perrez.  The hollandaise sauce was good but the fish tasted like a bake potato.  I am not sure what they soaked the fish with but it was positively terrible.  Fish should not have the taste and texture of a baked potato.  We had the banana's foster which did live up to it's reputation but seriously who can really screw up that dish.  The cost for two appetizers each and a shared entree was 205USD with tip.  For a compariable example both Emril's and Cochon were well under this price and should  be commended for the fantastic experience.  Go there and spend less before even thinking about coming to this restaurant.   P.S. They have a beautiful court yard which they do not "ever" use (this comes direct from the hosts lips) and we were rushed out of the restaurant at 11pm sharp.I appreciate good food and I'm always willing to pay for it, but I just don't understand what makes this so popular (or expensive). The food was   well prepared, and the service was attentive, but I didn't find anything special about any of it.  Well, other than the bill at the end.  I found no claims of ingredient sourcing or quality that would suggest a price as high as these.  It just seems to be one of those places that people convince themselves that the food is fantastic, regardless of the actual food.  Don't expect to leave for less than $35 per person, and easily $50 if you go for the signature dishes--for brunch.We were super excited to experience the famous Breakfast at Brennan's. Unfortunately, our experience this past Sunday morning resulted in us walking out before our entrees were served. Here's what happened:  We arrived at 11am for our reservation. We were told they were running 10-15 mins behind and were directed to the bar. After a 30 minute wait, my husband checked back in at the hostess station and was told we would be seated soon. We were seated at 11:45. We each ordered a three-course breakfast. Our waiter brought bread, no butter. When my husband asked for butter, he was told, "it's coming." When it did, it was slammed down right in his table setting. We received our first courses -- very tasty. Then, nothing. Our waiter disappeared and, after 45 minutes, there was no second course. I flagged another waiter and asked for the manager. No response. Then about 10 minutes later, our second course came and mine was wrong. They were going to send it back and I would need to wait for it to be corrected. I asked for the manager again.  Again, no response. At that point, we decided to leave. I told the hostesses about our experience, as well as the manager -- who the hostess was able to track down. Lots of excuses, little listening to the customer.  He offered us to come back the next day for breakfast. We declined -- they missed their chance, and there are too many other outstanding restaurants in NOLA more than happy for our business. 
Amy P.So my friend has been to Brennan's and said that the place was okay.  And I wanted to try it because I heard the banana's foster was good.  Unfortunately we went for dinner and the food was bad and the service was horrible.  
We arrived after a mardi gras parade, well dress but with a few beads, along with everyone on the street.  The arrogant hostess checked us in and we waited for 10 minutes even though there was no one in the dinning room.  Then another hostess asked us in a surly voice if we were ready and then showed us to a table.  Then we waited another 15 minutes before WE had to ask for a menu.  After another 10 minutes we got plastic laminated menus that had a nice list of $43 entrees on them.  WOW!!!!  Really!!! Now I felt like I was in a true TOURIST TRAP!!!!  But the table was padded wohoo...  
I've been to plenty of nice restaurants and didn't appreciate the pompus attitude before we even got our meals!  There's no need to be like that even if you are considered an establishment.  That's how restaurants with a good history die.  You can't live on your laurels forever.  I think the other reviews on yelp confirm that.
The waiter was curt but we ordered the redfish, shrimp, and Tournedos (beef).  Unfortunately after another 45 minutes, the redfish was overcooked. the shrimp was oily, and the beef was tough and way over cooked! The banana's foster was just okay.  Nothing to rave about and definitely not worth the poor service or the other $43 entrees.  Our money was not well spent but I cough it up to a learning experience. Also, this is a good warning for all those out there that may want to try this place.  Just beware and I assume that if you plan to go there just for dessert (nevermind spending $250) that you will be let down with the poor food and snobby service. 
This is the one place that we went to in NOLA this week that was really bad.  All our other experiences were good and by all means food in NOLA is outstanding and nothing like the rest of the world.  
Just skip Brennan's...