Visited for lunch. Good was ok. A little pricey than I expected. Wait staff was friendly
 My husband's potatoes were undercooked and our friends chicken was rare and had to be sent backThis is a must when traveling to NOLA. Everything here was great! We ordered the sweetbreads to start with and the octopus. So good. When it was time to order entrees we went with the pork on the menu and the duck. WOW! These were both great choices. The pork came with a sweet corn purée and wild rice succotash which was to die for. We of course had to order their bananas fosters for two which they prepare table side. This is neat to watch and even better when you are eating it!!! Since it was my birthday, they brought me out a huge cotton candy sundae which was super sweet of them! Wish this was closer to me because I would be visiting them often without a doubt.WORST EXPERIENCE. I downloaded Yelp JUST to write this review. I am on a family trip with my uncle and father. We have been in New Orleans only for a few hours and just wanted to have a light lunch. We went to Brennan's hoping to have a nice time and a decent meal. I have eaten there a few times before and always have had a pleasant experience. It was happy hour when we walked in so they were only serving appetizers, which was fine with us. We sat down, our waiter came over and tried to sell us on happy hour drink specials. We told him we would just be eating. Total attitude shift. I'm assuming he decided since we weren't going to be running up a big tab with drinks, we were not worth his time, or worth being kind to. He was extremely rude. The few times he actually came to drop off what we had ordered, which by the way, was not very good, he barely spoke a word. He never came back and we had to ask the manager for our check, which we asked to be split up. It was not divided, and so unfortunately, the manager had to go get our waiter. My uncle paid in cash and accidentally put one of the bills where his water had been sitting. He said to the waiter "I'm sorry I accidentally laid the bill
down in some water" this waiter then ROLLED HIS EYES and asked "are we good here?" Wow! No, we are not good. I will not be going back to Brennan's. I have seen quite a few reviews on here saying that the staff is rude or looks like they would "rather be bashing their head against the wall" than work in the service industry. Brennan's needs to let go of a few employees.Words almost can't describe how wonderful my breakfast was here. Husband and I went without checking that it was a "fancy" restaurant. The staff treated us very well despite our casual attire. We started with a brûléed grapefruit atop creme anglaise that was divine and unique. I had a parmesan crusted artichoke Benedict with creamed spinach and it was insane!!!!!!!! I cook and I dream about food, it's the main thing I think about (second to my family of course) and this kind of changed my life. ALL the waiters were friendly and attentive, as with any 5 star fine dining restaurant, but it was truly genuine. Oh and there's a turtle pond in the atrium and the bathrooms were beautiful. The coffee tasted like melted dark chocolate and the baguette that came gratis was heaven dipped in my perfectly runny eggs. GO, you will not regret it!What a disappointment. For the amount of money that you spend eating here you would think they could bring food out warm. Instead all of our dishes were cold, the poached eggs didn't even run and the "world famous" bananas foster wasn't cooked long enough. Our waiter was slow, hardly checked on us. The best part of my whole visit was finally getting to leave.My husband and I frequent New Orleans all the time. We decided to come and spend a week down here for the holidays and to celebrate our 15 year wedding anniversary. We hadn't ever had the privilege of being able to eat at the Brennan's on Royal street. It was New Year's Eve, and we were walking to get brunch. My husband had ended up injuring his leg, so we were anxious for some place close. We decided at the last minute to see if we could get into Brennan's. Typically, as this is a New Orleans staple, we would need to make reservations. Upon entering the r stay rant, the hostess asked if we had them, and we explained no. She offered us a chance to have accommodations at the bar. We know service at a bar can go one of two ways. But we decided to risk it. Our server at the bar was named Hung. He made us very comfortable and honestly I felt like we got the best service in the restaurant. Not only were the drinks amazing, but his recommendations for brunch were out of this world. They offer a variety of ways to do brunch and I opted to try their turtle soup. I cook a lot, and have collected many creole and Cajun cookbooks for my collection and knew that they are famous for it. Worth every penny! They do live music during brunch, and do keep in mind the food is traditional. I don't mind spending good money on good food and great service, but being a local institution you should budget accordingly. I hope to go back in the future to make a dinner reservation. I always recommend making a reservation before going somewhere but I also realize there's a thing to be said with a little patience and some luck.Sit on the patio enjoy the beauty that surrounds. Savor the champagne. Watch the Saboring at 5 on Fridays.Truly a trip back in time to authentic southern hospitality. Gracious timeless decor, amazing food and outstanding service. Michael our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the food and the history of Brennan's. 
I enjoyed the eggs cardinal (two seafood cakes topped with spinach, pouched eggs and  spicy mustard hollandaise sauce) , turtle soup a house recipe Bloody Mary. My wife enjoyed a crab and wild mushroom omelette.  Of course we had to have the famous and original Bananas Foster.  Yes, it was for breakfast!Oh, Brennan's...I see a love - hate relationship developing. After an AMAZING dinner in December 2014, we returned on June 7, 2015 for brunch. 
The Hate...
We arrived at 11:45 for a reservation at noon. We were directed to the bar and told someone would come find us a little closer to our reservation time. We ordered drinks at the bar and waited. At 12:10 the hostess came to get us and we began following her to our table. She stopped suddenly and asked, "oh, are there three of you?" (which had already been covered when we arrived). She told us it would just be a moment while they finished setting up our table. At 12:15 I went back to the hostess to see how much longer it might be, and explained that one person in our party had a flight to catch and needed to leave by 1:30.
At 12:20 we were seated and immediately greeted by one of our servers. We each ordered an appetizer and an entree.We waited for about 20 minutes for our appetizers. At 1:40 we still had not received our entrees. The server who had been responsible for bread and filling our water glasses asked if we needed anything so we asked if he could please check on the status of our entrees. He left, came back and reported that he couldn't tell what we had ordered because there was "too much going on back there". 
Our entrees finally arrived at 1:45. They weren't cold, but were no where near hot. At no point did our head server ever come back to our table to check on our entrees or to offer more drinks. When we were done eating and someone else had cleared our plates, he finally came by to ask if we wanted dessert. We did, but explained that we didn't have time. He mumbled something under his breath about the kitchen, and then walked away. We could see him talking to someone nearby, whom we assumed was a manager, with one of our other servers. He then returned to give us our check and said that they had taken $40 off our ticket. Which might have been ok, if he had just taken the slightest bit of responsibility for the poor service and said something as simple as, "I'm sorry".
The Love...
The food was absolutely outstanding. The turtle soup was the best I've ever had, and a friend's Egg Yolk Carpaccio was like heaven on a plate. And the Egg's Benedict, even though they weren't hot, were incredible.
To be fair, once we called the manager over, (I think he should have come by as soon as he knew there was a problem, and not waited until we asked our server to speak to him) ended up comping our entire meal, and was very apologetic and responsive to our feedback. Sadly, he told us that he was grateful to have us tell him we thought the service was bad, because he thought the only problem was in the kitchen. 
Brennan's....the problem does not appear to be in the kitchen. The food is outstanding. But your front of the house needs some work.The best steak I've ever had. Excellent service, tasty cocktails and elegant food.Brennan's was simply Spectacular! 
We got the only open reservations to Brennans on drive down yo the big east and on this rainy day we were very glad we did. We started with a martini and a hibiscus something. No complaints. 
We were at the bar for a short drink and then our number is called.  
The EGG YOLK CARPACCIO is over the top and absolutely delicious. 
The GUMBO was as good as I've ever eaten. All the Brennan's restaurants normally has excellent gumbo and turtle soup. 
The GRAPEFRUIT BRULE was very good and something different to try. 
The a CORNED DUCK HASH was very tasty. 
The RABBIT RUSHING was another great choice. 
I can't wait to get back to Brennan's
That's why you drive 5 hours to eat!My first visit back after the much awaited reopening and it was very good and worth the wait. The remodeling of the front room was great. We dined in the traditional garden room. The noise level was very very high...especially the unruly children at the table behind us. On the more important note, the food was good from start to finish. My favorite drink an old fashion was excellent. All our appetizers were wonderful and I had the oysters. We shared a salad which was better than anticipated. The fish dish was tasteful and delightful. We wrapped up with the traditional dessert of bananas foster. It was good as anticipated but I have had some better. I noticed another table celebrating a birthday with cotton candy which is truly a novelty. Our waiter was experienced and very attentive. He definitely understood our inability to talk over the unruly children running through the tables and screaming. By the time we had dessert the sound level dropped and the kids left. My suggestion to the owners is segregate the tables with children from those with an idea of quiet dinner together. Definitely be back and hopefully the traditional crepes will be back for dessert.Hands down, 5+ stars. The best breakfast experience from the food, service, decor, reservation process, etc I have ever had..even the coffee was out of this world. Make a reservation here and ask for Christopher (Captain). Other than the absolutely amazing food, he was the next best part of the experience.
Turtle Soup, Baked Apple, Eggs Benedict - insanely good
Vanilla Scented French Toast - mind blowing. GET THIS.
Banana Foster - the experience of having it made it front of you is enough of a reason to get it, but it tastes just as incredible as it looks. 
My boyfriend and I are huge foodies (from Dallas) and are still talking about this meal days later. This place is as good as it gets! Easily in my top 5 restaurants ever!I had the Rabbit Rushing which I gather is a specialty dish named after the head chef. It was the most ridiculous, irresponsibly delicious item I ate all week - and that's during a week spent in New Orleans mostly for the purpose of eating. Perfect breading, with meat that seemed to have been brined in buttermilk, on top of creamed collard greens with a nice spring to them, drizzled with this fantastic jus that had little pieces of pickled pork in it. I tasted a few other items and all were delicious, but that rabbit is blocking out my memories of the other food even though it was all tasty. 
After I recovered from this meal, we went back later that night just for drinks and dessert. We tried a couple small things, there was this crazy deconstructed pina colada cake where all the elements of the cake were separate and you eat them together, it was fun and each ingredient stood up on its own. There was also a bread pudding that was built around this indulgent boozy custard. Both times I visited, the waitstaff was polite and presented the dishes in an entertaining way. Highly recommended.Welcome back, Brennan's!
I was there re-opening day. We certainly expected snags, but had far fewer than anticipated, which was great!
The table wasn't ready at our reservation time, so we were invited into the cocktail room (just like a bar, but fancier) to have a drink while waiting. We sat down, unsure if we were to order from the bar or if there was table service. None of the employees knew either. Staff were asking each other - and by the time someone came by, our table was ready.
From there, everything was PERFECT and flawless!
Our drinks included perfectly strong coffee, a Caribbean Milk Punch and a great Bloody Mary.
There are three prix-fixe meals on the menu - but I ruled them out, as none had the bananas foster as a dessert. :)
For appetizers, we had the seafood gumbo and the roasted oysters with smoked chili butter and Manchego.
My friend had the escargot omelette and I opted for the Croque Madame Royal. (Instead of ham and swiss, it's proscuitto, truffle, and gruyere), topped with a sunny side up duck egg and bechamel sauce. Both were rich, obscenely decadent and delicious! 
While not really a huge fan of bananas, I couldn't be at Brennan's and not have the Bananas Foster. For the show more than the dish itself. What can I say, I am a sucker for a nice flambe!
The staff timed service perfectly. Water glasses never empty, all plates presented simultaneously. Always at the ready, but not intrusive.
Truly, welcome back - and may this institution enjoy many more generations of legendary New Orleans quality and decadence!We went for brunch.  Great decor. Great service! They regaled us with stories, history AND provided great food service. Best bloody mary ever! Tried it all and it was awesome! Rabbit, duck, turtle.....and then, the grand finale....the original bananas foster. Awesome!!Breakfast at Brennan's is a must each time we come to New Orleans.  Love the atmosphere food and service. We always get the mimosas, Eggs Benedict and Bananas Foster.  Of course, Brennan's is where the incredible dessert was created!! This time my husband tried the Roasted Oysters.  He said they were good, but he preferred just plain raw oysters with horseradish sauce instead.  I think he must be a purist! lol  All in all no trip to NOLA is worth missing Brennan's!!First of all, excellent service! Our servers were very friendly and knowledgeable and they were extremely attentive. The food was all mind blowing. This was the best part of our trip to New Orleans. We went for breakfast Sunday morning. We ordered the baked apple, creole crepes, artisanal eggs benedict, braised pork grillades, and the bananas foster. An unforgettable meal. We also really loved the atmosphere and the restaurant was beautiful.We decided to have dinner here shortly after we arrived in New Orleans.  I say that because after being seated I realize it should have been thought out instead of a spur of the moment decision.  My reasoning is I would have dressed a lot nicer and felt more comfortable.  It was such a beautiful romantic restaurant.
The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was upscale and nice.  We were presented with the drink list and the dinner menu.  I started with the Sparkling Strawberry Cocktail.  It was perfect - not too sweet and very good.  We were presented with an extensive wine list after we ordered our drinks.  If you are a wine lover as I am you will want to ask for that list before ordering drinks.
I had to go with the Berere Spiced Tuna for my entree.  Gulf Tuna with okra and black-eyed peas in a coconut cream sauce.  It was so delicious!  There is nothing better than dining at a nice restaurant with amazing food!  Hats off to the chef.  This will be a must stop for every trip to New Orleans.  It was that impressive!Our group of 15 was in town for a bachelor party and Brennan's was a perfect spot for us to book a private room for a relaxing dinner. It was a welcomed change of pace from all the other activities NOLA has to offer. 
Our 3 course meal was reasonably priced and we were seated privately in the Wine Room. I would definitely recommend this for a large group, 10-15 people.
We had a minor billing dispute that the event coordinator took care of with ease. I really appreciate how they handled it and I would definitely set up another dinner here if we ever return.We mainly go here for breakfast when in town, but the turtle soup is fantastic for lunch.  Highly recommend the Egg Yolk Carpaccio if there for breakfast though.1 of my all time favorite restaurants in the French Quarter. Was closed for 1.5 years to undergo a $27M renovation. It is a beautiful historic location. They expanded it in a huge way and added 70 more tables. Not crazy about the idea of renovating a historic building but they did a great job and it still feels very historic. 
The food and service were 5 stars as always. Cannot go here and not get the Bananas Foster which was born here 60 years ago. World Famous delight.While in New Orleans recently, we had to have Sunday Brunch at Brennan's. We joined friends around 11 and made it just in time before the crowd came. You definitely need to have reservations for any of the trendy New Orleans dining spots.
   There were six of us so we decided to each order something different and treat ourselves by sharing the meals. While we didn't share drinks, at the table were the following: New Orleans Coffee / Caribbean Milk Punch / Sparkling Watermelon and water for drinks. Food items included: Egg Yolk Carpaccio, Strawberries and Cream. Red Plum Blintz, Turtle Soup, Artisanal Eggs Benedict, Eggs Sardou, Vanilla Scented French Toast and Louisiana Bouillabaisse Risotto.
   While I don't have photos of all the dishes, I can attest that they were all definitely worth ordering. I tried everything but the Turtle Soup, but the others said it was good. The Carpaccio, Blintz and French Toast were my favorites. Each dish had large portions and beautiful plate displays. The crispy sweet potato strings were a nice compliment to the egg carpaccio and the Red Plum Blintzes were a hit with everyone. They were not only filling, but also just sweet enough to be used as a dessert if desired.
If you visit Brennan's, don't forget to go to the ladies' room. The classy pink decorations, complimented with soft mint green accents, made my day.Our Server was awful. He seemed irritated that he had to do his job. He never came back to check on is and basically disappeared for most of the brunch. The second Server only walked by to introduce herself. We come every year for the Bananas Foster and amazing food. When our Server Q made it he did not make it properly. He did not let the banana liqueur thicken. He did not turn the bananas at all. Once he was done he stabbed them with the fork and moved them over to the ice cream tray; rather than bringing tray to pan. When he poured the sauce it was like soup. There was plenty left over and there should not have been. After he made this we watched another server make it the proper way so it just frustrated is even more. Also, I ordered a Brandy milk punch and it was brought over. Another Server brought an additional one, I told him I already had it he said keep it you won't get charged and it will go in the trash. So I kept it... When the check came I was charged twice. I advised Q and he took it off. I come every year and will not be back next year.I made a reservation for four people for 1:30 in the afternoon. My family and I were excited to try their brunch after reading all of the amazing reviews. 
We arrived ten minutes early and the host told us that our reservation was at 1:45. I corrected him and told him that the reservation was for 1:30. He told us he wouldn't seat us until 1:45, and was extremely rude. Not a great start. 
He directed us to the bar to wait. When we went to an open table, another employee told us that we couldn't sit there. Again, this employee was rude as well. 
Well, for what Brennan's lack in service and overall friendliness, they made up for with their food. It was incredible. I enjoyed the baked apple and eggs Benedict. They were incredible. 
I was really looking forward to the bananas foster. It was made table side, which sounded really cool. Though, when it was served, I was expecting the banana to be incredibly hot. However, the banana didn't even melt the ice cream. Bummer. 
I would come again, for the food for sure. I would skip the bananas foster and cross my fingers for better service.We ate for two hours! Everything we ordered was amazing! We started with the Caribbean milk punch, wow! I added it to my coffee, which was dark, rich and very flavorful. Started with grapefruit brûlée, then the baked apple & Eggs Sardou. Amazing! You can't leave without trying the bananas foster!!! Loved every bite of everyone else's entrée as well.I just had the worst dining experience of my life. Service was horrible, food was not good, wait staff dropped a steak on my mother lap. The manager did come over and offer to pay for dry cleaning.... The bread pudding was mostly pudding, that tasted like pudding you would get from a kids pudding pack. I have been coming here for years, this is the last time I will eat there. Horrible food, horrible service, and a huge bill.The decor was amazing.  The rooms each had a name and theme. We dined I. The havana room. The wallpaper and fixtures were pineapple themed.
Although to room was dimly lit, it was comfortable and one could see the food and those are their table for great vonversation.
The staff was very attentive and communicated well. They were also very respectful in the way they addressed all those attending
The fish (I don't recall the type) was delicious and served on a butternut squash and sweet potato hash! There was also a light crazy sauce that enhances the flavor. These choices were based upon a preset menu. A chicken choice was served as well.
I am not sure what the menu is for smaller parties but I'm sure it's delicious and I look forward to returning one day.Service was good! Food was average. Good show for dessert banana foster. Place was nicely decorated.The man at the front desk was not polite about the dress code, very unpleasant experience. Will not be coming to this restaurant ever againA classic.....been coming to Brennan's for three decades now.  Excellent food and excellent service.   We did sharing plates....French toast and baked apples and then various main courses and split a bananas Foster at the end.   Soooooo delish!!!!If I could rate lower than 1 I would. The service was deplorable. The food was in so small portions and was luke warm. We told our server that we were celebrating my Son's birthday and they did nothing to acknowledge it. I was truly disappointed. I would like to talk to the Manager about my experience.Portions very small. Chicken is about the size of a normal chicken wing.    Risotto is about 1/4 cup.  Don't waste your moneyStopped here for a late lunch before our flight home and we were so glad we did! We were worried about getting a table butt there were plenty available in their beautiful dining room. I had the Brandy Milk Punch (sooo good!), the Huckleberry Blintz, and of course you must try the Bananas Foster if you come here! It is to die for!! My parents also got Irish Coffee which was also good. Wait staff was very professional, attentive, and nice. If I ever get back to Nola, I will definitely come here again!Anyone that loves food, NEEDS to come here. 100% without a doubt the highlight of my eating experience while in New Orleans this weekend. 
I pray you get the opportunity to have Randy assist with your eating experience. He made the brunch forever memorable.  I'll let the other reviews sell you on the items, but the eggs Benedict, with their homemade English muffins, and a hollandaise I will never ever forget, stole my heart. 
The raspberry crêpe I ate, was my favorite thing I consumed in New Orleans from Thursday to Sunday. And of course, you won't go wrong with Bananas Foster. 
Please go here, won't regret!This new Orleans classic lived up to its reputation. I want sure when i made the reservation. We came here for lunch-mostly because they invented bananas foster, which of course we ordered!  It was creamy, buttery & downright divine!  We ordered salads which were fresh & simple. The service was perfect & we were treated like it was a holiday. I'll go back anytime. With every penny!The best meal I've had in a very very long time. The lobster appetizer was phenomenal, but the shrimp and grits entree was mind blowing. I am definitely going back the next time I'm in New Orleans!Brennan's is a must in Nola it really is incredible. You of course have to get the bananas foster as it was started here! We came here on New Years and sat at the bar. It was actually pretty amazing even at the bar - we ordered the cheese grits and yolk, bacon onion sliders, and of course the bananas foster. The server who was making the bananas foster was so nice and even told us some cool history! 5 stars can't wait to go back.Fabulous breakfast. After our first day we returned three more times. They consistently provided a fine dining experience! Service was impeccable. A truly GREAT Latin Quarter treasure!Had a wonderful breakfast. Things on the menu you just can't get anywhere else. Wonderful food and great service. I recommend the Venison, eggs and grits.Stopped in for the famous Bananas Foster. Worth every penny $20/2 people. Enjoyed the dessert with Costa Rican coffee French pressed at the table. 
The service was excellent as befits a white table cloth establishment. 
Check out the dining room with the hand painted Marti Gras murals on the way to the ladies room. By the way, the ladies room features hand painted wall paper, small tile inlaid marble, and brass hardware - beautiful! For those sensitive to fragrance, the hand soap is a heavily scented lavender. 
Will come back for dinner the next time we are in NOLA.What an insulting experience. 
OpenTable showed Brennan's with lots of space for lunch but when we arrived we were told there would be a 30 minute wait, despite our seeing about 10 empty tables.  We waited a full 30 at the bar--which had no seats and no table service--but we still weren't seated despite the empty tables.  
We had had enough.  When we walked out--and cancelled a large dinner party for a subsequent night--we were given a completely indifferent attitude, like "Whatever."  
Not the hospitality we expected from the Brennan family.
Never again.This place is amazing - the place is historic, well maintained and beautiful from the inside.  We had brunch in the courtyard, which is to die for.  The food was average and not worth the premium, but the service / place were excellent to be fair.Oh my gosh!  I've been to NOLA several times but never had the pleasure of dining at Brennan's.  Well I got my chance tonight.  The food, ambience and wait staff were all exemplary.  We had one gumbo and one turtle soup, both delicious.  My husband and I each had the pompano with marcona almonds and a perfect buttery, lemony cream sauce.  We broke from tradition and skipped the bananas Foster and took the advice of our server and had the bread pudding.  It was an amazing combination of bread pudding and cream brûlée, sheer perfection.  I have to mention our servers, Stephen and Charley.  They were not only attentive but helpful in making suggestions and extremely personable.  Our experience at Brennan's could not have been any better. And we made dining suggestions to Stephen for his next visit to Chicago.Great place....we had a walk in party of 8 and they were happy to accommodate. We ordered everything from the gumbo, shrimp and grits (non traditional), duck, lamb, and Pompano fish special. Everyone loved their meal. We had dinner at Antoine's the night before and I can say I definitely prefer Brennan's.Delicious Creole food and old southern cocktails. The chargrilled oysters are perfectly seasoned & the turtle soup is divine as always. I recommend the Sazerac if you enjoy cognac & absinthe cocktails. Very charming place, not to mention the decor is superb.Hands down, this was my favorite place in New Orleans. Delightful and superb. My hubby and I had such a wonderful experience here, and would absolutely return the next time we are in town. I would def recommend the egg yolk carpaccio.I don't spend $90 per person for dinner all that often, but when I do, I expect a 5* experience, however this was not to be.
Brennan's has a menu with a rather limited number of items.  Given that fact, there is no excuse for being out of two of the menu items.  We were there on a weekday night, sat down at about 6:30 and got to order at about 7:00 pm.  A fraction of a star is subtracted for not being able to order the entrée I had my heart set on.
All of the food tasted great and the wine recommended by the sommelier was really good.  No stars deducted here.
My second choice for entrée was lamb chops.  I accept that in some restaurants, It is fashionable to serve rather small portions.  Although I wanted a bigger portion, I came here knowing the portion size, so no points off for only getting two very small lollypop chops.  They were cooked exactly as requested and tasted great.
As the server was placing my plate in front of me, one of the chops fell off the other chop.  This clearly ended up in a presentation that was not what the chef had intended.  The server paused for a few seconds and then asked if I wanted her to return the plate to the kitchen for replating.  In that I did not want my meat to get cold and taste is far more important to me than appearance, I declined her offer and did not deduct any stars for this error.
However, one of the two chops consisted of more than a third fat.  One star off for serving fat instead of meat.  I cut off the fat and left it on the plate as I ate the rest of my meal.  This issue was worth a complaint, but I was with 7 other people and didn't want to intrude on their enjoyment of the evening, by making a public issue.
I waited until our waiter (Shawn) came to pick up my plate (with the fat), and quietly asked him to tell the chef that I was disappointed with the amount of fat on the chop.  Shawn indicated that he would do so.
I was expecting that either the manager or the chef would come by the table to apologize for the problem.  However, there was no further mention of the fat.  I had to conclude that either:
1.  Shawn never told anyone about my complaint, which would mean that he should not be working in a restaurant of this level, or
2.  The management doesn't take customer's concerns seriously.
In either case, one star off for a lack of proper response.
Given my experience, it is unlikely I would choose to eat at Brennan's again.  When your prices are that high, you need to insure the food and service match.New Year's Day brunch
We arrived for our reservation early and enjoyed a few cocktails at the bar. Our bartender entertained us With his knowledge of the Brennan's brand.
Once seated, we admired the large collection of oyster plates decorating the walls. The interiors are truly stunning.
Victoria and Roy worked together to give us a stellar dining experience. 
I will dream about the roasted oysters with the manchego crust until my next New Orleans visit.
We also enjoyed the seafood gumbo and the turtle soup.
We tasted all the cocktails. The consensus was the Caribbean milk punch tasted like an adult milkshake. The seasonal pear champagne cocktail was a group favorite.
The shrimp Creole salad tasted decadent but healthy.
My friends ordered the rabbit, and they raved about it.
Of course, we had to order the bananas Foster, and while I do not personally like bananas, it was delicious!
Brennan's exceeded our expectations and we will definitely revisit.Best known as the pioneer of the bananas foster, Brennan's turned out to be so much more! My friends and I stayed here for nearly 2 hours, from 4:30pm to 6:30pm, since we wanted to watch the champagne sabering at the courtyard (5:00pm) and order some appetizers from their dinner menu (6:00pm). Our server, Randy, was attentive and amiable all throughout. As an aside, we randomly bumped into him the following day on Canal St. and even took a selfie together! Great guy.
I love how Brennan's is designed. The restaurant is comprised of multiple dining rooms, each one giving off its own unique vibe. For happy hour, we stayed at the outdoor courtyard with a charming turtle pond. When dinner time came around, we moved to the The Roost, which is an aviary-themed bar complete with birdcage lanterns and ostrich barstools.
BUBBLES AT BRENNAN'S
// Perrier Jouet Grand Brut ($45, originally $95) - 4 stars
Percentage-wise, the most heavily discounted champagne bottle on the happy hour menu.
// Crab Boil-Spiced French Fries ($6) - 2 stars
The fries were too salty and I didn't think the egg yolk was a fitting dip. I couldn't taste much crab from the Cajun seasoning either, but it had a good level of spiciness.
APPETIZERS
// Louisiana Seafood Filé Gumbo ($10) - 4 stars
Crab, shrimp, oysters, and andouille sausage. One of the better gumbos we had throughout the trip.
// Roasted Oysters ($15) - 4 stars
Came with a hard and crunchy Manchego crust, which added to the texture of the oyster.
// New Orleans BBQ Lobster ($19) - 5 stars
Although it was quite small, this was my favorite appetizer. I'm not sure what's in the broth, but it went really well with the lobster.
DESSERTS
// Bananas Foster ($10 per person, min 2 orders) - 5 stars
Prepared from scratch right in front of the table, this dessert is a must-have when dining at Brennan's. Cover your eyebrows when the rum is poured!Brennan's Is a gem.  The decor is lovely, exudes tradition and charm and sets the stage for a lovely dining experience.  
The staff is attentive, friendly and professional, again creating an appealing atmosphere. The food does not disappoint.  There is a variety of delicious options for brunch.  Save room for the dessert! Brennan's is the home of the original Bananas Foster, one of my favorites. It is expertly prepared tables idea, while the server tells the history of its creation.  Celebrating their 70th anniversary, there longevity is understandable as they continue to deliver the complete package. Brunch here is definitely a treat and a trip highlight.This review is only for the bananas foster and pineapple financier. Since we weren't eating dinner at Brennan's, we sat in the lounge area and had drinks and dessert. The bananas foster was everything that people rave about. My husband practically licked the bowl. The pineapple financier wasn't very memorable.Fantastic Food!  A bit pricey, but if you're in NOLA for a good time and good food, you have to come here!
The Bananas Foster is delicious!! This is where the bananas foster originated, so you have to come here for that! The french press coffee was on point. The food was great as well. 
The murals were gorgeous. The garden outside is so pretty as well! 
If I visit NOLA again, I will definitely stop here!Stopped in for a late evening dessert....bananas foster of course! My wife had been here about 15 years ago and we wanted to share the experience with our daughters. It was just as delightful as the first time...maybe even more so because our girls were with us! 
Just like the first time, the ambiance was impeccable, the service was great and the bananas foster was awesome! Even if you just stop by for dessert, this is a must for every trip to NOLA!A little pricey but the history, quality and service are worth it. The turtle soup is the best I've ever had anywhere. The lobster tail was perfectly cooked and flavorful. The experience of bananas foster in their  house of origin is priceless. The butter sizzling, the brown sugar bubbling, the flash of light and heat as the rum burns off. It's an experience.Excellent is the Word. Amazing food !!! Service impeccable and ambiance to die for it  this is a must stop restaurant  we enjoy our brunch time!!! Crab meat omelette was superbWhat's there to say about this place that hasn't been said already? Just go eat there already!  Best breakfast in town, fantastic staff and delicious drinks. You can't go wrong with Brennan's i will definitely visit this place every time i'm in town.SENSATIONAL Sardou!!!! Special shoutout to bartender Holli Brehm who suggested this incredible dish :) When in the French Quarter this historic restaurant is a must'do!!! An ad @ MSY airport prompted me 2 seek them out. Their slogan a simple invite,  "Breakfast at Brennan's." What I found was a TREASURE here in the French Quarter which was a true BLESSING after coming off of a red-eye flt.  The menu is full of rich french flavors.  I was leaning towards the Escargot Omelette but the 3-course Brennan's Breakfast was such a great deal,  I just had to order it. As Holli delectably described a Sardou was like a vegetarian Eggs Benedict only BETTER! A poached egg is beautifully perched atop a panko fried artichoke heart, all placed perfectly on top of a bed of wilted spinich then finished with drizzles of a hollandaise/romulade sauce. ... TO DIE FOR!!! Thank you again Holli for leading me down the right garden path. What an AWESOME way to start my New Orleans ADVENTURE!!! Will definitely be back for the table side Banana's Foster...Merci beaucoup :)Stopped by for cocktails one lazy afternoon.  The Brandy Milk Punch is their speciality and it didn't disappoint.  Whatever cocktail you do have, enjoy it in their beautiful courtyard.  There wasn't table service outside, but there was no issue of bringing our cocktails outside.  If you're not a fan of the BMP (it's similar to a White Russian), they also make killer Bloody Mary's.Good meal. Highly priced. Nothing as special as we expected but good nonetheless. We had better food elsewhere at cheaper prices.Was last at Brennan's in 1997, and went again on my recent trip to New Orleans in late-February....so glad that I did!  My brother and I decided to go again for breakfast as we did 20 years ago.  Everything was excellent, and the service was impeccable!  Brennan's has an army of servers to wait the tables, so you are never in want of anything.  I started out with a Ramos Gin Fizz, which is very light and refreshing with a slight lemon flavor.  The waiter brought us each a sample of Asparagus Soup to try, which I followed with an order of Turtle Soup....the best Turtle soup I had while in New Orleans!  For my main meal I had the Eggs Hussarde, which was very good.  Brennan's is definitely a must-do for breakfast when visiting New Orleans!Oh. My. Goodness.
This place was FABULOUS. We visited this place in mid July for my boyfriends birthday. The service here was impeccable and the food was out of the ordinary. My boyfriend got the truffled eggs, which they cook right in front of you. I got the soft shell eggs benedict which was just scrumptious. We also had the watermelon champagne which tasted awesome and went perfect as a light brunch beverage. 
The staff  is really knowledgeable and they shared some awesome tips about places to visit in New Orleans, being that it was our first time there. We left them almost a 40% tip because they were just that deserving. 
This is a nice place and you should come dressed well. The place already has a line in front before opening, so it's better to make reservations the day before if you're coming for breakfast. I wish we had a place as nice as this closer to home!The food here was great, the service was hit or miss. It made for a mixed experience.
We arrived on time for our reservation and dressed to the nines (relative to the casual attire that seems to be the norm in New Orleans anyway). They sat us next to the restrooms and proceeded to let us hang out there for a couple minutes before dropping off a wine list and mentioning a cocktail list was coming. After another 5 minutes our waiter came back, asked us if we had the list yet...which we obviously didn't because there wasn't anything on the table.
I asked in an over the top, friendly way if it was at all possible to move to another table  (the dining room was half full). The service just got worse from there. I actually laughed out loud at one point because I thought he was coming to take our order and he was just on his way to set the table next to us. 
Assuming I was just some jerk tourist I suppose, the waiter took an excruciatingly long time to make the rest of the meal happen. I thought we were going to be the last people in there. 
The sommelier was top notch. The other servers assisting our waiter were attentive. Though they all seemed to be making fun of the only guy in there who seemed to have any pride in his job....which didn't take a lot of guesswork on my part since we were sitting next to the wait  station. 
My cocktail was great by most standards, slightly off by mixologist standards. My date's cocktail was awesome! (The waiter never asked why I didn't take more than 2 sips of my cocktail it was just left on the table until the table was cleared for dessert) The appetizers were excellent. Cooked to perfection. A delightful blend of local cuisine prepared in a french style. The entrees were also incredible. Mine clearly waited on my date's as it was only a bit above room temperature but hey, it happens.  It still tasted great though. 
The bananas foster was prepared by the waiter, at which point he started chatting with us and realized we love eating out, we've been to the other restaurants he has worked at in Vegas and NYC and suddenly he was a completely different person. All smiles and here's my card blah blah blah....
I'd probably come back here again for the food, but it was really a waste of what could have been an excellent experience."Have breakfast at Brennan's."  That was the mantra I heard before coming to NOLA. On this rainy day, we were warmly greeted by the maitre de and seated inside near the large glass wall that looks into a very southern style courtyard.  Still the inside decor is wonderful - kind of a Tennessee Williams version of NYCs Tavern on the Green.  Ok the food!   We split the preset breakfasts: The New Orleans and Brennan's.  The baked apple tasted like a banana foster that is a pinch healthier. The shrimp gumbo was very tasty.  The unique lower carb version of eggs Benedict was amazing-fried artichoke instead of English muffin-served over spinach.  I don't eat veal but I did since I'm here ... And it melted in my mouth.  Finished with creme brûlée and a very interesting bread pudding custard with a whiskey topping.  Delicious.  Amazing service and meal.Since I live in San Diego, I couldn't wait to taste the fine Cuisine of Brennan's restraint.  I booked my reservation and drove 93 miles to finally taste the originator of the banana foster.  The decor was simple but impressive.   I can't say why the waiter treated the patron sitting next to me differently than myself but one can assume.  I wasn't offered distilled water and my order came out last despite other patrons who were seated before me.   I had a female waitress Kendall that didn't pay much attention to me and brought out a rare filet minion when I ordered medium well.  The steak was really tasty so I didn't bother sending it back.  There was one great part.  The waiter Thomas was amazing and attentive.  He is very charming!!  Please keep this guy.  He's the only reason my trek was smoothed over!  Not to mention the Banana Foster he made. Simply amazing!Everything was amazing. We had a reservation but still waited about 10 minutes. We were seated next to the window in the atrium which was delightful - until a wedding party showed up in the atrum and the ambiance was destroyed because the music was so loud. The daily fish was pompano - and it was heavenly! My husband had file gumbo and Filet of Beef Stanley - both exceeded expectations. But the piece de resistance was the Bananas Foster, prepared table side. Brennans is not to be missed!Amazing food!! Had the turtle soup and it was delicious  also the poached eggs were done to perfection! The service was great.Brennan's is iconic - it's a real NOLA/southern dining experience. They formally address every patron, color coordinate napkins according to the color of a woman's dress, and provides a real fine dining experience. For that alone, I suggest you come here and have yourself this experience.
The food on the other hand, was rather, meh.
I ordered the 2 course breakfast ($28):
turtle soup: this was unlike anything I have ever eaten. It's made of turtle, brown butter spinach, grated egg, and aged sherry. The soup was thick, and it tasted really gamey. I appreciated the experience of having turtle soup, but I didn't necessarily enjoy the flavors. One time is enough for me.
eggs sardou: crispy artichoke, creamed spinach, + choron sauce. So, this was less than appetizing. The textures were all off because it felt slimy. The eggs sit on top of the cream spinach. The flavors were a little off and didn't sit well together. I disliked my dish. I didn't think it tasted good at all.
My sister ordered their famous eggs hussarde ($20). It's their house version of eggs benedict. Coffee cured Canadian bacon with marchand de vin sauce, sits on top of housemade English muffins, and topped with hollandaise sauce. It was good, but not great, and not memorable. 
They're really famous for their bananas fosters dessert, but we weren't feeling it for breakfast. The patio area looks really nice as well. I think if you're looking for one of those big, formal Southern brunches, do some research, but Brennan's is a good option based on longevity and charm.Best place I ate at in NOLA. A baked apple got my fiancé and I real primed for our entrees. I got the Eggs Cardinal and my life has been changed. I can't exactly tell you what shrimp boudin or lobster cardinal are. But I know those when entered into a ménage a trois with truffle hollandaise sauce, it is INSANE. Also, you only need to order one biscuit for two people. They are huge in size and flavor. Final cool thing, I ordered coffee and they brought me my own French press of java .Food was fine, however service was super slow. We asked for a drink three times and it literally came 20 minute later. Check was wrong and we asked them to fix. It took another 25 minutes to get a new check with no apology. I talked with manager who could care less. Very unimpressed.Took my wife here for her birthday. Food was great, restaurant was busy. Had a great time, they made her day.So much to say! The food was fantastic. I went a little out of my comfort zone and got the pork tenderloin. So delicious and unexpected. The BF had redfish which was a-mazing! The butter/almond/haricot vert combo was so good. The bread pudding is a must! It's prepared table side and is quite a show. 
The service was phenomenal. Max served us with the help of 2 other gentlemen. They were so friendly and welcoming. We grabbed drinks at the bar before dinner and the service throughout was great! 
The place is SO beautiful. Every last room is decorated floor to ceiling. The most beautiful bathrooms I've ever seen. It's a New Orleans must!newly renovated and absolutely gorgeous inside. We had one of the best meals we have had so grain NOLA. The staff was extremely attentive and delightful to talk to. Even the manager stopped by to chat with us, and I was nosy and wanted to look at some of the other cool rooms they have, and one of the waitresses let me go check them out. You feel like scarlet O'Hara walking down the staircase from their bathrooms. We recommend the "temperance tea" made with blueberry tea and some kind of fancy simple syrup that was awesome. I also loved the Hibiscus Pimms cup. The appetizer special was hand rolled pasta with Sautéed craw fish and a hint of truffle oil. Usually truffle oil is too overpowering for me, but this dish was very balanced and delicate. This is the home of bananas foster. So you can't leave Brennan's without trying the table side made desert! Our waitress was very fun, and always attentive. The specialty drinks are about $10 and the dishes range from 20-30.I never write yelp reviews but this was so amazing I had to! Amazing food and service, especially if you tell them its your bday! Every person will wish you and give you extra care. The food is cooked and flavored perfectly. The staff, amazing! Highly recommend!I came here for breakfast before my flight back home to California. It's my meal at Brennan's that makes me miss New Orleans every single day. The people and the food at Brennan's make the entire experience unforgettable. Everything was top notch and I'll always remember this place and this trip forever in my heart. Thank you, Brennan's!This may be the worst experience I've ever had. Went in for a "world famous" bananas foster. Sat at the bar and only wanted dessert, after we asked for 2 bananas fosters and waited 5-10 minutes our bartender proceeded to mutter under her breath to the other bartender "I'm not putting in their dessert order until they decide on something else they'd like as well." I do not recommend this restaurant if you're looking for great service or even good service. It just feels like you don't matter.First visit to NOLA and the food was all around excellent...but this brunch was superior.  
The coffee was perfect.  French pressed, dark, with chicory.  
The baked apple was delicious.  Sweet but just light enough, with a hint of cinnamon and brown sugar.   Must try.  
The staple entree item, with bacon and hollandaise.  The marchand de vin sauce was a smoky robust flavor.  
We had the Bananas Foster which was fun to watch being prepared tableside, but tasted a bit average, IMO.  
The decor and ambiance is sunny and bright and the service was impeccable.  There is a nice green patio too.  
Overall a really nice brunch experience from start to finish.Beautiful restaurant with lovely courtyard away from bustle of French Quarter. Gumbo is 7/10. Seafood perfect temperature. That's all I had. 
Cocktail Grassy Knoll is lovely - lemon grass vodka. Tasty though I'd prefer on the rocks.Let me begin saying that this is my first review ever!  I have a yelp account for a couple of years now but this experience led me to writing this review bc I really felt discriminated. 
Made reservations prior to coming and when we got to the restaurant this fat guy opened the door and asked us "how may we help you?" As if we didn't belong in this restaurant. I told the him we made reservations. He then asked us if we preferred inside or outside patio and I said outside. We waited for him for a couple of mins to sit  us and with a menu on his hand he told us rudely that he cannot sit us due to the fact that I was wearing cut out shorts. Seriously?! He led us on thinking that we was going to get seated. He wasted our time when he could of told us right away when we walked in. The fact that he made us wait and made us think that we was getting seated basically wasted our time. The reception on the phone could of told us that was a dress code. Having been to many upscale restaurants, this was the first restaurant we been turn away. Definitely felt discriminated bc of the color of our skin. The fat guy looked at my boyfriend and I as if we didn't belong in this restaurant. Never again. I love other restaurants in NOLA that were not upscale as this showed more respect and love to their customers. I recommend spending my money on well deserved restaurants beside this mediocre workers from this restaurant. I honestly feel like they should not treat guest like this based on the color of your skin and the clothes you are wearing. At the end of the day we are paying for it and we should decide what we want to wear. Btw, I only came here to try the banana foster. Screw this place, I recommend trying another restaurant that serve this dessert instead.
PS: I honestly felt like I was in a movie being turned away from an upscale restaurant bc of the color of my skin.Spent Memorial Day weekend in NOLA. This is always one of our brunch spots to visit. This was first time back since the $23m renovation that lasted 18months and the revamping of the menu by Chef Slade Rushing. Oh, the place is stunning, and the food is refreshingly wonderful with a few of the old Brennan's originals sprinkled in... We had every intention of exploring new spots to dine n this trip, but the newness of this old place made us eat here two days in a row to try new dishes on the new menu! None of which disappointed... The only reason we did not return a third and final day was the place was booked for the entire day on the day of our departure... We were almost tempted to go in and sit at the bar and order gumbo and turtle soup! John, our waiter was outstanding... The wait staff seems to have turned over well too... Most all are fresh faces, and they all seem to be pros. However, John is the best we've had there in many, many years!If you go to NOLA make sure you go to the brunch at Brennan's. We started with the French pressed coffee, baked apple and mimosas. Amazing. Next Eggs Benedict with grits. Best I've ever had anywhere. Even though we were so full at that point, we ordered the bananas foster. It's seemed almost mandatory as every table around us finished with a flaming dessert. Not only a fantastic meal, but an overall great experience. Put this on your bucket list.We came here for dinner on a bachelorette party with 11 girls and it was one of the highlights of our trip! We were able to get the private wine room (we didn't ask for it and it's not any extra money!) so we really felt like we were getting a personalized experience. Andrew, our waiter, was so attentive and answered all of our questions. He pointed us to his favorite dishes and gave us the entire history of bananas foster while he made it table side (a must do!) for us to share. We got a tour of the wine cellar after dinner and learned so much about the history of this amazing city and restaurant. Absolutely worth it!I'm not usually a fan of Cajun food, but Brennan's changed my mind. 
I came in without a reservation and was told that they were completely booked. Fortunately, a single spot at the bar opened up, and I immediately took it. The bar staff was perhaps some of the busiest working people I've ever seen at a restaurant. Despite that, they were fast and efficient at handling my order. 
For lunch, I started off with the seafood gumbo. I've never really liked gumbo, but Brennan's gumbo was delicious! The flavor was perfect, and that says a lot since I absolutely hate okra. Another notable point regarding my gumbo was how soft and tender the oyster was.
I also had the Grilled Redfish. The fish was cooked to perfection, with the fish being moist and tender. At the same time, the lemon butter appropriately flavored this fish, whereas the jumbo lump crab that sat on top of the fish perfectly enhanced the flavor of the dish.Plan to spend a pretty penny, but food and experience is definitely superb. Had the 3 course dinner for $55. Tomato salad was small but good. Thre beef dish was so tender. A little unusual to have a fried banana with it, but wasnt bothered by it. The mushroom had a little bit of dirt or sand on them though. The bread pudding dessert was excellent with their whisky sauce. What I enjoyed most were the waiters though, very polite and well mannered. And I guess this place created the banana foster that what looked like everyone had ordered that gets prepared table side with a little history lesson given with it. Definitely a run experience to have once.Another place that time forgot and where pride in the past prevents continued reinvention. Mediocre food, pretentious, disorganized, overstaffed, slow, and incompetent service, prices too high (though not extreme for NOLA). I paid the exact same amount of money at Coquette two days ago for an incomparable experience.One star for the Bananas Foster and one star for the waiter. 
I had really high expectations for this lunch and unfortunately I had them too high. 
I made reservations at 11:15 and we still had to wait 15 minutes for a table.
I ordered the BBQ lobster appetizer this was actually really good.  I also ordered two sides ala carte -  cheddar grits which I liked but the side of bacon was in reality 3 slices of fat only a trace of meat on two of the three slices.. 
My husband ordered the Brennan's Breakfast and chose the Baked Apple and Eggs Hussarde. 
The baked apple was under cooked and cold. 35 minutes later the rest of the order arrived, his Eggs Hussarde, my BBQ lobster, bacon and grits. 
The waiter checked on us 3 times and the food twice before it finally came out literally 45 minutes after we were seated. I am not sure what was going on with the kitchen but it didn't leave a good impression.
We were celebrating my husband's birthday and the only reason why we came to Brennan's was for the Bananas Foster. Our waiter did a great job preparing it and telling us the history, it was very good!Absolutely delicious! Came here for brunch on a weekend. Not only was the food tasty, but the service was impeccable. It would have been nice if the live jazz continued, but it was still amazing.We got lucky the second time trying to get a reservation here. Didn't get it on the 3 days before and finally got a spot for lunch on the day we were leaving.
Great place, friendly staff, good ambience and great food.
The banana forster was created here so definitely don't miss that.My boyfriend is a foodie and chose this place for brunch. We are from out of town, so didn't realize we would need reservations but at noon on a Friday we were able to seat 3 at the bar right away. All the food was AMAZING! They forgot to bring our sausage out, so all three of us got free mimosas! We are only here for the weekend and told them we're coming back for the gumbo on Sunday! Highly recommend!First night in NOLA, we wandered in famished after a daiquiri. Unfortunately our party was too big to be seated outside (4 people max) so we got a nice round booth inside. The appetizers are tiny and artfully put together, the main courses robust and filling. Most of the table had the beef special cooked table side (impressive firey show) and I, the lone pescatarian, had the gulf fish amandine. We were all equally delighted by our food and by the attentive service. This is a wonderful, restful place near the bourbon craziness to enjoy a fancy meal.PRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIICEY Don't expect to pay anything less than 30.00
Try the Bbq shrimp pot stickers without the rosemary for a starter. 
Then get the breakfast item, Baked apple. Oh my! Can you say delicious? My my my the cinnamon and the brown sugar just gives me a Winnie The Pooh moment! Try it!!!! 
Baked Alaska is my favorite dessert then it is the Cheese plate (So rich and creamy)
Order the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and you'll fall in love with this restaurant. As I previously noted, this is a pricey restaurant so do not expect to spend what one would spend at Chili's. 
The food is worth it and you won't regret it. I can't not speak upon the alcoholic beverages so you'll have to scroll over to read the other reviews.One of the best breakfast dishes ever, eggs bene with lobster, shrimp boys in and oysters.  French toast was awesome as was lobster with side of grits.  Of course, famous banana foster for dessert...outstanding!A classic and thankfully has kept its original quality!  The food was fantastic, our wait staff spot on and the venue itself immaculate, which isn't easy for New Orleans :-).  We have always loved the Brennan family establishments, and this is no exception. A must for every NOLA visit.I was told it was the best brunch spot in New Orleans. They were right, so good. I highly recommend their french toast.What a cultural experience. No restaurant typifies the New Orleans experience quite like Brennan's. From the moment you step in until the moment you leave, the staff surround you with professional courtesy. Food is delicious. It's worth a reservation.Novelty / nostalgic restaurant with terrible cuisine. Pure presentation ; great for the Insta but very overrated.Byron, Bryon, Byron! I can't say it enough. The most INCREDIBLE server. They did not serve a drink we requested and he went out of his way and found it and brought it to us anyway! Impeccable service!!!!! The staff is great, and they served a great meal to a group of 60 plus people. Bananas foster was amazing of course and I will dream about the BBQ shrimp and grits for the rest of time. YUM! Thank you for a great experience!We ate here for our ten year wedding anniversary and they helped make it so special! I really appreciate the extra touches- a ribbon on our table, anniversary well wishes from staff that I wouldn't expect to have known the occasion or have noticed us; the service was the best I'd had in any restaurant and that is saying a lot. Our waiter was charming and wonderful to our young son. It really made the visit great for him, too. Anytime I get back to New Orleans, I must dine here again. The food was delicious, one of the most memorable dishes of our trip was found here... but the service, our experience, just pushed it to as many stars possible. I am gushing but they totally deserve it.Brennans is back.  Truly enjoyed our experience.   Started with the egg yolk carpaccio.  Really creative dish.  Shrimp were perfectly cooked and the fried sweet potato strings worked really well.  Had veal grillades which were great.  Veal cheek braised then breaded and fried and served over grits.  Finished with bananas foster. Ettienne made the experience truly fun (helped bt a couple of carribean milk punches!).  This meal totally embodied what I love about new orleans and why we keep coming back.  Four of us dining.  Everyone loved what they were served.What a treat! Wonderful, attentive, informative service. Great food - impeccable sauces, especially the barbecue shrimp butter sauce. Recommend the NO BBQ lobster, carpaccio and sardou. Delicious!!!Classic in style, this landmark is worth a visit if you are interested in taking in the historic dining experience.  The bananas foster IS all it is hyped to be!I went here for dinner. The food was very good and the service was excellent. Everyone there was  very friendly. The restaurant had nice decor, with Audubon prints on the wall. We had the bbq lobster, which was very small but very delicious. Their Mahi mahi was good and their take on shrimp and grits was delicious. The bananas foster was a great show and tasted delicious. It was a bit expensive, but I'd go back.Awesome dinner in the bar. If you don't have reservations, make your way to the back and into the bar. Full menu and five or six tables so long as your party is four or less. Great first evening in New Orleans.We went for happy hour on a Friday, good service, good food and beautiful patio! We had the Poutine, watermelon salad, Dumplings and slidersFood was excellent and the waiter brought us free champagne when he found out we were there on our honeymoon. Excellent service.Excellent breakfast and desert experience.  
Corned Duck Hash $19 (the best hash I've had in my life)
Eggs Hussarde $20 (the marchand de vin sauce was delicious).  
Bananas Fosters: $8 each (minimum 2 orders per table)
Ate breakfast on Saturday Jan. 23, without reservations.  Sat by the bar with self playing piano.  Quick service, and this is a nicer-higher venue, so dress appropriately
Our server Randy was the main reason an excellent breakfast and desert were elevated to a memorable experience.  
After breakfast, he invited us to return for desert, and did not disappoint.  Had desert on Sunday at 3pm (no wait).  Will come here again.One of our favorite restaurants in the city! The food is always amazing and the service is top notch. Extra credit for how kind and patient the entire staff is with the kiddos.I first went here in 2001 and had the Bananas Foster for the first time.  Every other time I have had Bananas Foster any where in the world it was compared to this standard.  My husband had never been to New Orleans and had never had Bananas Foster.  I made reservations via Open Table and was excited to get there. They night we went nothing was like I remembered. My memory besides the Bananas Foster was the service was over the top good. We waited in the hall for our early reservation of 7pm for 10 minutes.  Finally, seated my husband ordered a cocktail.  We were only going to do entrees and desert as we had show tickets for 9pm and didn't want to be late.  When our waiter came we said as much and also stated with our meal what kind of wine we wanted.  He said he understood.  My husband ordered steak Diane which is made at the table.  While the waiter made it, he had to wait for my entrée and a plate to put the steak on, which means it cooked longer or sat in a hot pan longer than it should.  It took so much time the waiter actually went and got his helper and told them to go get him a plate.  He got a plate but not "the plate".  I guess there must have been something wrong with my entrée and threw the entire timing off.  Well now we had our entrees but no wine.  Waiter said he would go get it.  Well we both finished our entrees with no wine.  It showed up while I was taking my last bite.  I don't even remember what I ordered because the wine not being there for our meal took over my memory.  Of course, they didn't charge us for the wine.  That is the only right thing.  Then we are sitting drinking our wine, finishing our wine.....waiting.  30 minutes from finishing our entrée with no wine they came and made the Bananas Foster for us.  Again maybe I had hyped it up in my brain for so long but wasn't as great as I remembered.  It is ok.  I was younger and have experienced a ton more in the mean time.  I get this is a place to relax and take your time.  We were happy to do it as we gave ourselves two hours before our show.  However, this type of dining is also a fine dance and when done poorly it really shows.  It appears if you do anything out of the normal, cocktails, appetizers, salad, entrée & desert it throws them off.  My husband said his steak was ok but over cooked for his taste which makes sense based on what I describe above.  I have no memory of my entrée at all.  For the price point we had better meals in New Orleans.  I will still come back again.  It will just not be on a night when I need to be some where else.  I love the place for inventing Bananas Foster.  This visit was just a disappointment.Came here just for dessert and the experience. This is Where banana foster was invented. delicious. Fancy. 4 stars for the banana foster and the fireshowWe went here for brunch it was a amazing! The service was great! On a nice day you should sit in the sourtyard and look at the turtles in the fountian! The main dining room is beautiful you could also sit there!I have never in my life paid over $100 for breakfast, and I never would have thought it worthwhile -- until I came here. The wait staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and charming, and the food ... well, let me just say the kitchen has a pipeline to heaven. I'm not in New Orleans nearly enough, and I need to try them for dinner next time.Probably a 3-star dining experience but I was expecting 4 or 5 so I deducted an extra one for the disappointment and the waste of a rare night in New Orleans.
The appetizers were ok and the dessert was fine but the two main courses were pretty horrible. The tuna on one looked like it had been hacked by a drunk that had sneaked into the kitchen. The rabbit on the other was pounded so thin and breaded so hard that it could have been absolutely anything - and certainly did not highlight the named ingredient.
There are great restaurants in NOLA; sadly this just isn't one of them any longer.Outstanding brunch and service. Exactly what I hoped for. We were at Arnaud's two days earlier for dinner and what a disappointment. I've come to New Orleans many times to see family and was worried the old favorites had all slid from grace. Not Brennan's.  Superb all around. Thanks for a great time!Dinner for four on a Sunday night.  Terrific food, I had the duck which was exquisite. So good I'd order it again before anything else on the menu!  Service was just the right kind of attentive-relaxed you expect here.  Wine book was so long it was confusing but that is the only slight thought on what could be improved.  Highly recommended.  Went to the Commander's Palace the night before which was good but I'd pick Brennan's first.This should be a 5 star review but unfortunately it felt like we got lost somehow by the servers. It started out great and since I share the last name of the restaurant I expected it to continue. Service which was very attentive at seating and slowed down considerably as breakfast continued. Plates were left on the table , drinks never came and there was a 25 minute gap where nothing happened and we just waited for anyone to come by. We were ready to order bananas foster but when it was clear that the mimosa wasn't coming and nobody took an order or left a menu so we decided to call it a day. So... Why 4 stars? Food was amazing and the setting is beautiful. I had the Turtle Soup and the Rabbit Rushing which was very tasty. Other members of my party had the French toast and were equally happy. Would still try it again based on food but was pretty let down by the overall experience.The food was outstanding but service was poor. Our food took twice as long to reach our table as those sitting around us. We were a party of four yet I had to ask our server and a manager walking by for water refills. Our server, who already was not a strong server was then given a  party of 20 with no help. So we suffered for his lack of absence.  When you are paying over $250 for brunch, you shouldn't have to ask random servers to fill your water.  Then my two friends went to bar to get a drink to go and were completely ignored.  Finally, they just left the bar aggravated. I had several people recommend we visit this restaurant on our weekend in NOLA but  I dont think I can recommend to anyone else. I was disappointed. Great food, but too long between courses,  lack of attention and proper service.Extraordinary.  Food, service and ambience all far above average.  The vanilla scented French toast was perfectly prepared, and served, and the thick-cut bacon was beyond any bacon I've ever had, very thick, 'branded', and melt in your mouth perfect.  The Single-origin coffee was so good, I had two pots. My partner and I shared a Baked Apple  - it's a lot for one person considering the substantial meals that followed. He had the Crab and Chanterelle omelette and 'the best biscuit ever."  The staff was extremely friendly and attentive without being overly friendly and attentive.  One of the best restaurant experiences I've had.My friends and I were were at the Roost Bar here and we were blown away by their service and hospitality.... and of course the drinks! 
Reggie helped us and was great at making recommendations. He has such a great personality and helped me out so much when I ordered a drink that I had an allergic reaction to. Reggie went above and beyond even before I had the allergic reaction to my drink!!  I had the Iris, which was very light and  little sweet. It was too bad I had the reaction. :(
Thank you so much Reggie ! !! :)Excellent food. We went there for brunch. Ordered some baked oysters to start they came with a breadcrumb and Parmesan cheese topping. Really tasty. Followed that with French toast with powdered sugar and cream on the side. Some kind of raisin rum sauce in lieu of syrup. Just sweet enough. Also an order of cubed potatoes with Cajun spice. Crispy and delicious. Highlight was desert which was bananas foster prepared table side. Coffee was refilled every time we took a sip. Service outstanding attentive and super friendly with a local twist. When you are done eating stop outside to see the turtles (not used in the turtle soup btw).This place is AMAZING!!! The food is out of the world and the service is top notch. Highly recommend!!Stopped in after brunch and place was closed but they did allow us to go to the bar and order dessert which is why we went there in the first place. I wish I could remember her name but the bar tender was AMAZING and helpful. Oh and the bananas foster was amazing too.After some persistent phone calling, I was able to reach a live person and make a dinner reservation. It was well worth the wait and one of the best meals I've ever eaten in New Orleans. We only get to New Orleans about twice a year, but when we're there it's all about the food. We'll be returning to Brennan's this weekend while we're in town.Closer to 3.5 stars but can only comment on the champagne happy hour.   Got a bottle of rose for 30 bucks which was a nice.  The banana fosters was made tableside which was enjoyable to watch not sure it was worth the price.  We usually share a dessert between the two of us and assumed the dessert was a split because each bowl had a small scoop of icecream and half a banana.  However when we got the check we were charged 20 bucks.... I am assuming that was for the show because I would've never spent that much on 1 banana and 2 small scoops of ice cream.An amazing meal from start to finish
Impeccable service in an old world setting. 
The turtle soup was heaven. 
The fish cooked perfectly with a sauce to die for
They also have an all-gender bathroom as well for those looking for such.Brennan's is truly a New Orleans establishment and it met our expectations for a lovely brunch.
My highlight was sitting in their open area eating turtle soup while watching adorable turtles in their pond.
Food was great. Customer service was excellent. Atmosphere is very nice.
If you are coming to New Orleans for the first time, you should give the place a try.
It's not a place I'll go to all the time ... but it's a great place for newcomers and for a special occasion!I called two days ago to try to make a reservation for a few weeks away. Left a message, still have not received a return phone call. Very disappointing. I was looking forward to the return of Brennan's.Once was enough, no need to go back
Brennan's is synonymous with New Orleans restaurants, so we had to give it a try.
We went for Thanksgiving 
The quantity was portion sized appropriately for a healthy diet. We didn't go home with any leftovers.
The price was EXPENSIVE and not at all worth it. $65 for a three course prix fix meal.
First the food: 
turkey - good (lower case 'g')
Stuffing - good
Brussel sprouts - good
The meal didn't come with potatoes (it was Thanksgiving I was craving potatoes and gravy), they allowed us to substitute the appetizer portion of the prix fix price meal with a side of the Brabant potatoes, never did we think that at an establishment with their reputation and with such a high price point, would we get potatoes like what I've had at.....well... I can't think where....they were worse than anything I've had in such a long time... so as it turns out Brabant potatoes are diced very small and then deep fried...the servings we had were dried out so much and diced so small that it was very much like eating the small French fries at the bottom of the container from McDonalds or Burger King. It was clearly a convenient dish (if you can call it that) that the kitchen left under the heat lamp for hours.
For dessert, we had the Bananas Foster for an additional $6.  It was very good.
The service was decent. The two waiters assigned to our table at first didn't communicate first one came over, then the second came and repeated what the first had just said. We waited a bit for our drinks until one of the waiters noticed we hadn't received them yet and said he'd get them right away, which he did. Our meal came very quickly. Our after dinner drink requests were half served, and I ended up with a cup of hot water and nothing else until I could flag down another person on the wait staff.
The decor and ambiance were off the charts! Great music and beautiful setting.  Next time we will investigate if we can sit at the bar and just have a drink and the bananas foster.
Good Luck! I sincerely hope your experience is better.Had breakfast at Brennan's. Was a little hesitant booking here given it appears so touristy til I read Brett Anderson's review recommending it, and that Slade Rushing is now the chef. The service was extremely friendly yet professional which made it a 5 star experience. The blue crab remoulade was great (especially if you like avocados). Had the Eggs Hussarde which was quite good albeit a bit pricey for what you get. It's an Eggs Benedict with marchand du vin which gives it a tangy bite. At breakfast you can also order lunch, and the grilled black drum with jumbo lump crabmeat was the best fish I had in New Orleans (and I ordered a lot of fish). Of course we had the table-side presentation of the Bananas Foster. While I can't say it was the most extraordinary Bananas Foster I've ever had it was very tasty and the whole process was very entertaining. I liked the Iced Cafe Brulot Bitterman as well. Very good mint julep too (they hand crush the ice which was diverting as well). I wonder why you can't find a good mint julep outside of the South.This is by far our worst dining experience in New Orleans thus far. From the very beginning, the hostess at the front was rude and condescending, raising her voice at us and ignoring any question we asked her. After about a 25 minute wait on an expected 10 minute wait time, we asked her what the ETA is. She then again said you're going to have the wait up and calm down. This was after she sat 4 couples who did not have a reservation before us. She put her hands on me, I asked her not to touch me and she started yelling and going into a rant. To prove a point she asked another customer she sat before us if they had a reservation, and the customer said no. She then disappeared for another 5 minutes and ignored us, and sat another customer. The only thing going about this place is that the manager Paul is nice. I would never recommend anyone go here unless you value being treated like trash. Brennan's is the worst thing New Orleans has to offer.This place is exquisite. The building is gorgeous. They're known for their bananas foster since the restaurant owners invented it.Great meal. The deserts were impressive. Of course bananas foster! My kids enjoyed the gold leaf on the chocolate.Order the Steak Diane, cooked tableside. Delish! Our server Sean was great! And lead server Etienne (captain) was attentive and gave great recommendations. He also showed us around the upstairs private dining rooms. Beautiful!
We've been to a couple other Ralph Brennan restaurants and haven't been disappointed.What we had: Huckleberry blintzes, buttermilk biscuit, homemade sausage, French toast, and apple confit.
What we liked: Great environment in the heart of the city, even if it seemed a bit snobby. True sense that artists were creating the food, down to the servers themselves. Quiet.
What we didn't like: Confit was a big miss for us; took 35 minutes to prepare and apples were undercooked, in my opinion. Very unfriendly and inattentive lead waiter, whose assistant really made up for the experience.
Verdict: Maybe return, but not required.The first night my family and I tried to eat there it was booked. The matradee was nice and offered to let us eat ASAP the following morning.  I decided on returning the following night. We booked an early dinner reservation. The decor is so beautiful and we were seated at a table facing a picturesque courtyard with a fountain. Request that dining room. It is beautiful.  They have Mardi Gras murals covering the walls.  The food and service were terrific. The food and drinks were worth the price. Their pricing is reasonable for the quality you receive.  We had dinner rolls that were to die for. So soft and buttery. We ordered the ahi tuna dinner, the shrimp salad, and turtle soup. All of it was wonderful. The drinks we ordered were the hurricane, the carribean milk punch, and mint julep. They were all tasty. The mint julep was strong but worth the price. We had bananas foster for desert. Note:  you must order two orders to have them make it at your table. It was a great presentation. Great New Orleans feel. I loved the elegant women's bathroom. They have rolled hand towels for each patron that uses the bathroom. We made a great choice.  I will return one day.  I also loved that they did not have a strict dress code like other elegant restaurants in the area. It made me feel like they were flexible with the everyday tourist.  I decided to wear "casual dress" style.We went all pork.  The bacon wrapped pork loin was tasty.  There was also a chop and pork belly roll combo that was very well done.  The drink menu was different and went well with the area and meal.An anniversary breakfast took us to Brennan's.  I would give six stars if that was a possibility.  The food was seasoned to perfection and flavorful.  The service bespoke a time when there was class to dining.  The service we received at Brennan's was top three in my lifetime.  The front of the house - amazing.  From being greeted until we walked out the door, we were pampered.  They care, and they do the job well.  The name and the food bring you in - the service will keep you coming back.Lucked out with table with no wait for breakfast one morning.  Beautiful outfdoor patio (recommend sitting out here if possible)!  Quick tidbits on what we ordered:
Egg Yolk Carpaccio - sublime.  Fantastic.  Even our 2 year old son enjoyed this!
Eggs Sardou/Eggs Cardinal - first time I've tried lobster with an eggs benedict and it was fantastic.  Highly recommend these 2!Came here on the night of my engagement to my now fiancé. Right away the service was great. The host asked us where we were from and gave us a few tips on where to go after dinner. We were then shown to our table in the back of the restaurant passing by the beautiful terrace which also had seating. The back room was gorgeous. The decor was intimate, warm, vibrant and elegant. Perfect for the occasion. We ordered champagne, a cocktail and we're served bread. The bread was soft and warm. Such good bread. You know when the bread is good you're in for a good meal. Next the appetizers came out. I ordered the pumpkin soup which was AMAZING. So flavorful and hearty. For my entree I had the duck. It came recommended by our server who mentioned it was juicy and paired well with the fruit it was served with. I think it was pear. Either way she was right. It was super juicy duck and incredibly tasty. Finally we had to do the bananas foster and coffee. The bananas foster tasted just like I thought it would tbh but getting it prepped on a flaming pan next to you while hearing about the dessert's is pretty cool. The coffee thooooo was like no other. Just an overall special night. It couldn't have been nicer .The food was actually pretty good but the service was subpar for such an upscale restaurant. We came for a weekend brunch and saw people turned away even though the restaurant was half empty. We had reservations and managed to get a table, but the service problems started almost immediately. 
We ordered drinks and the waitress gave us the wrong drinks. Ok, we'll give her the benefit of the doubt that she heard us wrong. Then half way through our meal, we noticed that every other table had been brought a loaf of French bread to start before they even ordered. Our table was distinctly bread less and it was odd that our waitress didn't even notice. In general, the service was a bit stuffy and formal. Weird for brunch, which is usually fun and lively.
The food itself was great. I had the eggs benedict, and the eggs were perfectly poached. One of the best I've had. We also had the grapefruit brûlée and baked apple. Both were very interesting and the brûlée was caramelized well. Would recommend all of these dishes.
Compared to other upscale restaurants of this caliber where you're paying for the service, and not only the food, this one gives a less than stellar experience. Glad I tried it while in New Orleans but probably won't be back.My wife and I did brunch at Brennan's during our late August 2017 visit to NOLA.  We went on Sunday after attending mass at the cathedral.  I wasn't planning on doing a big brunch, but my wife wanted the Steak Diane and I wanted the duck eggs with truffles so we splurged.  
Brennan's is a class act all the way, and though there were a few service hiccups we really loved the meal.  Not something we will likely repeat on our next visit, but the Brennan's Banana Foster is something any foodie should try at least once.  Amazing!I will start by saying the food we had was phenomenal! The "shrimp and grits" which was more like a shrimp and grits ravioli-style and the seared tuna were both extremely tasty.  The banana foster dessert was just okay, despite its popularity. The Caribbean milk punch cocktail truly tastes like ice cream in a glass!
A few mishaps - after waiting for quite some time even with a reservation, another couple was mistakenly seated in our place; the waiter forgot my husband's soup; they were out of the dessert we selected. Also, we were seated in an extremely loud area with some larger parties surrounding us.
However, I would definitely go back!The POISSON BLANGE was incredible. The banana foster made me pleased beyond measure. Prepared table side, the banana foster is the perfect way to finish your dinning experience.First stop in NOLA and we are off to a great start!!! This is fine dining for any meal. The staff is SO SO nice and accommodating and the strawberry sparkling wine is a must!! The eggs hassarde is phenomenal.We recently took some out of town friends for brunch. Ordered the turtle soup and French toast to start, both were amazing! Our friend ordered the rabbit for his main dish and said it was tender and cooked perfectly. My husband got the eggs Benedict, he wasn't too impressed, said the ham was dry and the English muffin too thin and crisp. My friend and I both ordered the eggs Cardinal and unfortunately neither of us enjoyed it, maybe too many rich foods on one plate. Three of us had the strawberry sparkling wine cocktail and the other a Bloody Mary, which he said tasted like cocktail sauce. Service and ambiance was wonderful. Probably wouldn't do it again, but they hadn't been before, so we obliged. I really would do a 3.5 star if that was a choice.Had a wedding brunch here. Servers were good.  Food just ok. I had a baked apple that was not quite done.  A tiny, lukewarm frittata, but it tasted good. Banana's Foster was good. I would consider other options for a meal before going there again.THE BEST meal we had in NOLA. We came in around 6:30pm without a reservation, and were seated in the bar area, but the service was just as impeccable.
Their bread was sooooo incredible!!! We ordered snap pea soup, BBQ lobster, and crawfish cannelloni to share! All tasted amazing! For entree, I recommend the duck breast!My God, this breakfast...There were moans, there might have been a little weeping with joy. My chef husband and I were completely remiss in not doing this sooner, but oh, my...
The rooms are perfect. Warm, inviting, completely NOLA. The staff, so great and gracious.
First of all, starters for breakfast is genius. We had the Egg Yolk Carpaccio. Menu description:  grilled shrimp, crispy sweet potato, andouille vinaigrette. (Let that sink in.) Sublime. The warm po' boy bread came in just in time to soak up every last bit. 
(Here come the moans of joy.)
Chef had the Rabbit Rushing. He would not respond to questions or conversational cues during his consumption. His rapture was obvious. My attempts were half-hearted to be honest. For I was embroiled in my own slice of heaven: Eggs Cardinal. 
*sigh*
So.freaking.perfect. Crispy lobster & shrimp boudin. Spinach. Creole mustard hollandaise. I shared one tiny bite, because fuck you, man, this is mine. I had a protective arm thrown around my dish before I realized I was doing it, as if I were raised by competitive wolves.
Worth every penny.Where to begin?  This place was recommended by several friends and had overall excellent online reviews.  We booked our reservation for a weeknight and were seated in the bar area.  The place was not packed and there were plenty of wait staff available.  The service was terrible.  We had three different waiters!  It took forever to get water refills or our order placed.  No knives were provided.  Small children abounded with no sense of formality in this place-do not come here for the ambiance, you will be disappointed!  I wanted to see if this place rivaled Antoine's and my curiosity was fulfilled;  there is no comparison!  We will be returning to Antoine's-one of the only formal places with top notch service guaranteed.Great location in the French Quarter, helpful waitstaff and really excellent food.  Cajun bloody Mary's are a good start.  The lobster toast is a real winner, too, featuring a lobster tail and a claw on toast.  Save the baguette they serve for dipping in the sauce.  The egg dishes are inventive and delicious.  Didn't have room for the bananas foster because we front-loaded so much but we are looking forward to trying them in the future.  You pay a premium for the name and location, but it is a quality product.No wait for a table for breakfast. My husband and I had the lobster appetizer which was amazing! He had the Benedict with shrimp boudin. I had the Benedict that had the wine sauce! We split a side of potatoes. We would come back for dinner sometime!I had a friend in town so we decided to eat here bc of the reviews and atmosphere. The food was delicious! By far the best tuna and black-eyed peas I've ever had! Staff was nice and building was clean,  my only complaint is the gumbo. As a native, we never order gumbo we usually cook  it at home but my friend wanted to try it. Wasn't that great I was actually surprised. But overall- excellent restaurant.I had thought about the crab omeletts I had eaten at Breakfast here many times before for weeks or months, they were the best I have ever had any where. So while reviewing  the menu I saw that the current crab omelette on the menu had cauliflower in it with curry?????  I ordered it but it was basically horrible. They have totally gone down the drain. I was horrified and remain sorry I ever went to Brennan's. # tourist trap   It probably had 1 or 2 eggs, dripping with butter and at most 2 or so ounces of crab meat, thank goodness I ordered the weird cauliflower on the the side. I am probably over estimating quantities. 
Service was good and the turtle soup was very good.We made this our special stop on our Silver Anniversary. The wait staff took great care of us very well.
Eggs Benedict and Vanilla-scented French Toast (with a blueberry and peach compote), were wonderful! The mimosa was the perfect split between juice and sparkling wine.
However, it was the Bananas Foster that sealed the deal. OMG. I understand why Mr. Foster had it every time (but he has to have been as round as a beach ball).
It was so decadent, and yet not heavy at the same time. Definitely a "don't miss" in NOLA!Beautifully presented, perfectly cooked food. Hubby had the fried chicken. He said it is perfectly cooked. My French toast was the best I have ever had. Faint vanilla flavor, abundant blueberries - superb.  If you want flawless service, this is the place. And thanks to our head waiter for the history lesson. Beautifully done Brennan's- so happy we had lunch with you.We visited Brennan's in the French Quarter and our experience was incredible.  We made reservations for my sisters birthday for a party of six.  Upon our arrival we were greeted right away and escorted to our table. The gentlemen started off with drinks, both were excellent I was told. 
All the appetizers and entrees were fresh, delicious, and adequately sized.  We enjoyed a range of breakfast staples from appetizers, salads, french toast, to heavier dishes. Each dish was fantastic and it was some of the best food I have ever ate. I wasn't that hungry due to having something earlier that morning, so I ordered the New Orleans BBQ lobster, and man, that butter sauce is to die for. It's rich, creamy, herby, and goes perfectly with the lobster. I think that was probably the most luxurious thing I've ever eaten... I still dream about it even now.
Mouth watering dishes and top notch service will make me return on my next visit to New Orleans.Thank heavens, Brennan's is back on their game. When in NOLA, you must brunch there. Both the courtyard and the dining room are beautiful. The service always fab. Fifty years ago, when I thought omelettes were haut cuisine, my parents took us to NOLA and Brennan's. I will never forget having Eggs Sardou and bananas foster- they were a revelation. Over the years, I would return but the last few visits 5-10 years ago were disappointing. 
While on a family vacation, I took a chance and brought them to Brennan's. Wow, everything was perfect. The French bread had the crispest crust and the airiest middle. Hollandaise sauce was perfection. I had the fried rabbit, the most perfectly cooked sunnyside up eggs, and an unusual but delicious gravy. My daughters eggs Sardou were great and surprisingly light. My husband liked the eggs cardinale, I thought the creole hollandaise was a bit overpowering and I couldn't taste the lobster.  We got an order of grits and a biscuit. The biscuit was both rich, moist and light at the same time. There was a jam with it that was incredible. And somehow we managed to split 2 orders of the bananas foster, decadent, sweet, and oh so New Orleans.The staff was so rude they ruined our experience.  We had a group of 8 and all of us were so so disappointed.  The restaurant itself is beyond beautiful and has a huge historical presence but the rude staff and unimpressive food is all we remember.  Unfortunately we made a poor decision when we made reservations with Brennan's two months ago.This was a neat stop that we were glad we decided to make!  Highly recommend making a reservation here, especially for brunch!!
My husband and I sat in a relaxing "parlor" room that felt like we were back in time.  The table out-looked the courtyard which was a nice and relaxing view.  We decided to order the Cajun bloody mary, which was yummy.  For brunch, we ordered a New Orleans and a Brennan's specials.  My baked apple was amazing!  Even my husband would have passed on his gumbo for the apple.  Next, we enjoyed our main meals.  My husband enjoyed his braised pork grillades, which he thought was good overall, but not quite amazing.  I ordered the eggs Sardou, which was a neat twist to eggs benedict, served on a fried artichoke heart.  
We later came back another night to order the bananas foster, prepared right at our table.  I have to be honest though and say that it was just OK.The best part about fine dining and exceptional service is getting that chance to live like those on "the other side", even if it's for a few hours. I've dined at Brennan's twice now for dinner, once right after their grand opening in the Winter of 2014 and again most recently this year (2016) and I can emphatically say that the experiences are on par with being "The Dinner of the Year." It's the meal I look forward to for all 12 months leading up to my return and I'll likely think of my meal for a full year until the next visit. 
Between the food and the drinks, the menus are seasonal so if you only dine once or twice a year, expect to see different items each time. 
For the full experience, go for a "perfect check", cocktails, appetizers, entrees with sides, bottle of wine with dinner, desserts and after dinner drinks. Not sure if you can stomach at all? Fine dining tends to slow things down so that you can properly consume and digest as things go so you never feel so full you have to lie down or get wheeled out. 
If you go to Brennan's for only one thing, make it the classic Brennan's Banana's Foster, as this restaurant was ground zero for it's creation and historical cultivation. Nothing beats table side dessert preparation with fire!The food and service were out of this world. Servers were very knowledgable about every course on the menu. The courses were nicely timed and we were able to enjoy ourselves in between the meals. The bananas foster was one of the best things I've ever had and it is made right in front of you so it is a nice experience as well. I would recommend this to anyone visiting New OrleansWe had the pleasure of enjoying Thanksgiving dinner in the outdoor patio area with our waiter Randy and his flawless crew. Everything was perfection including the atmosphere in this lush paradise setting. It honestly looks almost too perfect.  We felt like we were in our our private world. The food was delicious. We had the blackened drum, gumbo, rabbit schnitzel and of course, the bananas foster prepared table-side. Thanks for making us feel like family !Brennan's just reopened last fall - the waitstaff were great. The food expensive but delicious. The decor lovely. 
BUT the manager Andrew G allowed a DRUNK to disrupt the entire room for our entire meal. He was aware of the yelling, and I do not mean just loud, the man "frog hopping" around the room. When after our meal we asked to talk to the manager he pretended not to know anything about the disruption but he did apologize but even then he didn't have the curtesy or guts to talk to the man 
I'd recommend if you should mistakenly go to Brennans and this happens  to you tell the manager you aren't paying and walk out. 
If the new owners read this you had better take action quickly or just start serving food from a cart on Bourbon Street, because that is what your restaurant will becomeBrennan's is a must for fine dining when visiting NOLA. I was here for 4 days and had to go back a second time the food was so goodWe came here for cocktails and dessert. The banana foster is truly amazing and the cold shoulder cocktail is very flavorful. The staff was incredibly nice and the environment is cozy and sophisticated.Let me start off by saying that this place completely topped my expectations! 
We had a 10:45 reservation on Monday Nov 6, we showed up around 10:05 and they were able to accommodate us immediately. Upon being walked to our table there was an immaculate garden dining area to the left, a self playing piano to the right, a bar with a lovely bartender who greeted us upon walking by and the staff all had smiles on their faces. Once we were seated we were each handed a menu and our napkin placed on our lap, they delivered ice water immediately. Another person delivered bread, then we were offered drinks from another server. Things were great, we ordered a pot of coffee (served French press style), 4 Caribbean milk punches(a MUST have) and a mimosa. We started off with a Baked Apple and the turtle soup (recommended by other reviewers) it has 100% turtle meat!! I was a skeptic at first but let me tell you-it was great!!! I ordered the Eggs Owen, house made hollandaise, potatoes, braised short ribs, and poached eggs. I could have licked the plate clean, but I was saving room for dessert. Other plates we had were 3 Steak Diane which were flambeed tableside served with eggs & dutchess potatoes and 1 Country fried pork chop served with black truffle grits and an egg. While the steak Diane was being flambeed, the gentleman was able to keep conversation going and kept us entertained. All of us thoroughly enjoyed our meal! Everytime an employee walked by they either made eye contact and smiled or stopped to check on us. 
Now onto dessert! We were told we had to save room for the Bananas Foster so we definitely ordered that and we ordered the Bread pudding. The Bananas Foster is flambéed tableside, they have a beautiful presentation of the brown sugar, butter and cinnamon before it melts, our server did a wonderful job of telling us the story of the dessert all while making our mouths water. The bread pudding was presented with a rye whiskey anglaise and chantilly cream. We were in heaven. 
 Can I just say they should offer wheelchair service after that meal. Everything from start to finish was incredible and the service was impeccable. We can't thank the staff at Brennan's enough for their attentive service, storytelling and wonderful food! We will definitely be back and we will tell everyone we know to stop in! 
Thank you again!(The Roost Bar review only)
We were in town and remembered seeing the promotion for their Friday bubbles at Brennan's happy hour and made a point to swing by and check out the new bar. 
Happy Hour prices Friday focused on champagne by the bottle and champagne based cocktails. One great deal to note was a bottle of veuve rose for $55. I tried a few of the champagne cocktails and can safely say there's something for everyone on that list. If you're not looking for bubbles or a deal, of course there's the full bar and staff ready to serve up whatever concoction you're dying for. 
Interior is on par with the rest of Brennan's aesthetic but has a slightly more relaxed atmosphere. Wicker chairs, stone tables, tile floors and large double doors leading out to the courtyard brighten up the already vibrant wall colors.
Bar staff was excellent. Both ladies serving us drinks were very knowledgeable and looking to strike up conversations with each of their customers. (we sat at the bar)  
Dress code is much more relaxed in the bar area. There was a mixed bag of shorts and polos all the way up to suit and tie. One guy was walking around with a parrot on his shoulder, just in case you were wondering if you could bring your bird. 
If you're nearby on Fridays at 5pm, swing on by to see a magnum of champagne get sabered. The sommelier walked around topping everyone off once done. 
We had a great visit and The Roost Bar will easily join our list of "hidden" gems of the quarter.  Definitely a refreshing respite for those looking for a good cocktail in the midst of hand grenades and big ass beers a block over.The best food in New Orleans!  I have been to this restaurant many times and never been disappointed. Fantastic gumbo, blackened redfish, banana fosters, and so many more. The service can be varied though.Hands down best brunch of my life. Interesting flavors and textures, fabulous service. Beautiful decor. Even the plates were lovely.Food was amazing. Reservations recommended, we didn't have one and got lucky that they could fit us at the bar. Had brunch, what a meal bloody Mary was excellent as well as the rabbit eggs.Incredible NOLA experience. Menu is fantastic, staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Highly recommend. BBQ lobster app is a must order. We loved the Bread pudding as while.I really like this place. Staff is super friendly, happy hour nice and the out door courtyard is relaxing. Thank you New Orleans.This place was amazing.  A local suggested Brennan's for dinner so I came here on Nov 22nd for my birthday with a few girlfriends.  We shared the sweet potato pappardelle and a few sides and appetizers.  We finished with the banana fosters, fun to watch and even better to eat.  Randy and John were both great, I forgot which one....but one of them had the voice of an Angel! I will be back next time I am in town!Wow!!! This place is incredible! Go here and check out the bar menu. The full menu is great too if you are looking for a longer dinner experience. Drinks are really good. Sliders are amazing, everything is delicious!We went here for brunch on a Wednesday morning and even in the middle of the week, it was pretty busy. I recommend you make a reservation to avoid a long wait :) we tried the gumbo and for the main course I had the eggs hussarde dish. Both were fantastic. The eggs and the hollandaise were excellent. I say this because not every restaurant can make an eggs benedict dish well, but at Brennan's it was delicious. Most importantly, we ordered bananas foster. I loved that it was served tableside so we can see them flambé the dish. Better yet, the staff member shared the history of the bananas foster dish. Overall the food was delicious and the service was excellent. It's a pricey place but well worth it!This place is not good. We went for dinner it is overrated ! Save your money it is pricey and the food is disappointing.  The service is horrible we had a waiter named Chris who was bothered because we asked him for suggestions.  He said everything was good. That's perspective Chris.  The right approach would have been to describe the plates.  Then we would decide based on our pallets. There was a young man name Kendrick who showed us true southern comfort hospitality. He was engaging and provided excellent service. He gave us a good description of the different foods after we ate..  We were traveling from out of town so we appreciated feeling welcome by Kendrick.Had brunch at Brennan's, I ordered the eggs cardinal w/ fried oyster... It was so good I forgot to take a picture... Also had the sparkling blueberry for my drink, never again it had a weird taste... Their banana foster lives up to it's name, it's a MUST order if you plan on eating there...Brennan's lived up to all the aspects of what all restaurants should strive to be. Excellent service, food presentation, menu selection, and of course the food itself. It was our 2nd trip into New Orleans from over 40+ years ago and my wife selected Brennan's as one of the 3 restaurants to have some of NOLA's best.
I had the turtle soup and Blackened Drum. Not familiar with turtle soup, it was creamy with chunks of turtle meat. I like when they poured the sherry separately into the soup which took it to another level. It was heavenly. I later tried turtle soup at another restaurant and it didn't compare to Brennan's in taste and consistency. The Drum is a local fish and it was mildly blackened with just the right spices and a delicate texture, definitely a dish not to be missed. My wife had the beet salad and breast of duck, both excellent choices. 
We were too stuffed to order their famous bananas foster, but will reserve that for another trip to NOLA. 
All in all, a five star restaurant on all points. I believe our server's name was Veronica but the entire staff worked as one team and provided outstanding service.Seafood Gumbo Filè, Braised Pork Grillades, and Bananas Foster. So Good! Really enjoyed this meal.Food was great, service was excellent and the place itself drips of old New Orleans/Hollywood glamour. The only problem was the loud drunken slovenly dressed table of men next to ours. Every other table around them in the dining room winced as F-bombs flew loud and clear for a full hour and a half from that table. Apparently there used to be a dress code but it has lapsed recently. We had read other reviewers complaining about the lack of dress code and the resulting poor behavior of drunken/sloppy tourists. I know the restaurant wants to make money but if they are going to let the dress codes for dinners slide they  should have said something to the offending table to curb the bad behavior and foul language. Nobody else in the dining room wanted to hear it. You could tell that people were pretty annoyed.Horrible experience here tonight.  My husband mentioned it to to the front desk but no response from the management. This restaurant operates under the disguise of being an old school, classic, fine dining establishment but has no idea what the the definition of that really means.We had a marvelous time at Brennan's. The service was impeccable, the food was unique and the atmosphere was enchanting. A true fine dining fairy tale.We came here for breakfast, after making reservations several weeks before coming to New Orleans. 
I was on a quest for tasting gumbo every day I was in Louisiana and ordered a bowl for breakfast. It included gulf shrimp and oysters, Poché's andouille sausage and basmati rice. It was quite good.
We also ordered Bananas Foster, the classic dessert invented by Ella Brennan, the maven of Commander's Palace, when she was at Brennan's. Our waiter, Patrick, talked about the history of the dish as he prepared it in front of us.
I'm not a big banana fan, but this dessert was fabulous. It's made with butter, cinnamon, brown sugar, dark rum, banana liquor and served with ice cream. It was fabulous.
Service was attentive and very warm. We really enjoyed our experience at Brennan's.Holy moley....the brunch! Gotta try their Milk Punch .all of the drinks we have had there are teriffic.  The eggs on artichoke, vanilla french toast, eggs on crabcake, bananas foster, baked apple.....all amazing.  But our #1 favorite: grapefruit brulee! So simple-yet it's magic!This was probably my favorite meal I had in NOLA (or at least the top two) and I obviously ate a ton. 
First of all, love the vibe and atmosphere in here. Really cool decor but in an upscale way. It's classy and vibrant at the same time. 
We loved our waiters. Extremely attentive and great personalities. Were super helpful for a bit of a high maintenance crew with asking questions about the menu. 
Cocktails were outrageously delicious. I had the Caribbean Milk Punch which was heavenly but all of the others in my party loved their cocktails too. 
The food was superb. I had the soft shell crab which was absolutely amazing. We had the baked apple to start which was great too. 
Everything from beginning to end was fantastic and I would highly recommend for a lovely brunch experience.Food tasted good but service was horrible...soup served without a spoon, and took us 15 minutes to get one. After sitting down, took 40 minutes before a waiter took our order. One of our chicken dishes was undercooked but they did not want to send it back. They also forgot one of our drinks. Was here for a total of 1 hour 45 minutes. Mentioned this to the waiter who said he would talk to manager and all they were able to do was deduct 3 of 4 drinks. Very disappointed.Very slow (took 1.5 hours to get the food). Over half of our tables food came out cold. My meal (ravioli) was a child sized portion and subpar. Bread tasted like it came off a grocery shelf. They served us one small dollop of butter per 4 people. Barbecue lobster appetizer was a joke. Bananas foster was nothing special. On the bright side, bus boys were very efficient and keeping waters full and napkins folded.The food was good and the restaurant was beautiful, but it was the human element that I was most impressed with. Everyone was friendly and professional, without being stuffy. They all had a sense of humor and seemed like they enjoyed their work. Amber and Paul were excellent! Kathryn was an absolute sweetheart. I will let you figure out who she is. I had a great experience.Amazing brunch!! All of the food was to die for and the servers were nice, fast, and quite witty. I would go back in a heartbeat.While planning a girls weekend with my friends, we made Sunday morning brunch reservations for Brennan's.  I have always wanted to eat there.  We couldn't get a reservation for 7, so we made one for 4 and one for 3.  When we arrived, we felt a little under dressed.  Everyone looked so nice and we were a bit casual.  None of the staff batted an eye.  When they realized we were all together, they set about finding two tables right next to one another.  In just a few minutes, both groups were seated.  We had the MOST delightful servers.  Gordy was our actual server, but there was another gentleman (whose name I am afraid I do not recall), that told us all about the menu when we asked for suggestions.  Later he prepared our Bananas Foster as well.  We took his recommendations and ordered some beautiful starters and entrees.  Grapefruit Brulee, Shrimp Carpaccio, and Baked Apple to start.  All wonderful, but the shrimp was our favorite. We had Shrimp Sardou and Crepe Florentine for entrees at our table. I almost wished I had ordered two of the crepes they were so good.  My friends at the next table loved everything they ordered too.  We knew we HAD to have Bananas Foster, so we split it between our two tables.  Prepared tableside, it is an impressive display and very tasty.  
The murals on the walls were so lovely.  I got up to get a few pictures and one of the staff gave me a quick history lesson on their background.  She was so sweet.  When we commented on what good service we had received, her response was, "Its easy when you are proud of the food you serve."  This was reflected in the attitude of every staff member we met.  
We decided to take a picture of our group on the stair well in the entry way.  We worked at getting everyone placed and asked a staff member to snap it for us.  He did so, but then suggested that we should really get one outside next to the sign.  He came outside with us and helped us arrange ourselves to get a great picture.  
When I made the reservation, I expected to have a nice meal in a touristy location being rushed to turn over our table.  We had nothing of the sort.  The food ambiance and service were absolutely excellent.  This is TRULY a do not miss.Five stars isn't enough to rate how great this place is! I was completely blown away by the level of service from beginning to end. Never have I been to a restaurant on a birthday where everyone that helped me wished me happy birthday. I mean even just the servers refilling water. But that's just a small sample of the excellence I experienced. The food was phenomenal and everything I expected it to be. My favorite dish was the bacon roasted pork tenderloin. Another surprise favorite was the table side peach crepes Fitzgerald. I want to give a special thanks to Christian. I hope that I remembered his name correctly. Please give my thanks to him and all the staff that served Gary Burns for his birthday dinner 8/24/18.Exceptional food and service. Wonderful cocktails and ambiance. The Brennan's tradition continues!If you have food sensitivities, please make these implicitly ,ultra clear as the wait staff is a team tag situation. I stayed up front that I eat GFDF . Something didn't communicate to the kitchen or delivery waiter. Several epic fails later I finally got something to eat 1.5 hours later.I have been looking forward to checking Brennan's off my bucket list! It did not disappoint. The food, service and cocktails are amazing. Their reputation is deserved and the short wait was made enjoyable by the knowledgeable bartenders They take pride in knowing the history of both the liquor and cocktails they serve I would definitely be a regular if I was localI recently went here while on a trip, and it was wonderful. He went for happy hour and had a server named Randy. He was funny and very accommodating. He had a bunch of good bubbly beverages during the happy hour. We also had brunch here. I had the chicken and waffles, and it was soooo good. The chicken was friend differently than I expected, but it had a nice crunch and good flavor. The bloody Marys and coffee were delicious too.Although living nearby and frequenting the neighborhood, we hadn't dined at Brennan's in quite a while.
We took the occasion of my Wife Lali's birthday to make a reservation for 2:00 PM, which I didn't know was the last lunch seating.
The worker who re-confirmed our reservation told us to park at 617 Chartres, which turned-out to not be a parking facility.  I called the published number twice to get a recording, which told me to park at 535 Chartres.  This was a "closed", chained-off garage.
I finally got a live person, who then directed me to park at 716 Iberville.  Because of construction in several areas, it took almost an  hour to get back to Bourbon Street, where I received a call telling me to come park directly in front of the restaurant. 
This "tour" took us by A.J. Tusa's "Creole Cookery" TWICE.  A.J. was out front meeting patrons, and greeted us on both passes. 
Once we got to the place, almost 3:00, everyone was very nice; held the kitchen open just for us.
Lali's steak Diane was great.  My turtle soup & spicy shrimp salad were very good.  Topped it all off with a crème brulle' for Lali and the baked apple for me.
We then got a tour of the impeccably re-decorated & re-modeled building.
This is a beautiful & very historic edifice, which has been tastefully re-done in a subtle Mardi-Gras "Carnival" theme.
The food is top-notch and somewhat unique.  Our table service was excellent.
Nice to see a great Institution back open.
Caveat:  I am thoroughly familiar with the French Quarter streets.  I suggest everyone reconfirm the parking instructions before heading over.  Maybe just "Uber"-over.
Everyone should dine here once-in-a-while, it is a real "CLASSIC" !
RickOut of everywhere we wanted to eat in New Orleans, this was the only MUST. They did not disappoint. 
We went for brunch on a Sunday and it was surprisingly not at all busy. As we were leaving, there were some people waiting, but still not nearly as crowded as I would've expected. Definitely make a reservation ahead of time still. 
Food was incredible. Looks great and tastes even better. They do somewhat simple foods really, really well. 
As nice of a restaurant it is, the prices were a lot more reasonable than they easily could've been. We got two starters, two entrees, and two drinks, and we got out for under $80. For an upscale place like this, it was one of the best meals based on taste and value of our entire visit to NOLA. 
Staff was attentive and the place just had a nice atmosphere.Home of the banana foster, so naturally you have to get it as an entree. And boy it did not disappoint!!' They make it on a skillet right in front of you. The smell of the brown sugar wafting throughout the restaurant is breathtaking. This is a must for New Orleans visitors.We went here for brunch. The food as well as the service was above and beyond what was expected. A server , Trent , came to our table in the beginning of the meal saying that service is the upmost importance at Brennan's and we can ask for anything. As a joke I said " do a cartwheel then". Believe it or not by the end of the meal he went to the courtyard that our table overlooked and did a cartwheel! We were both thrilled and impressed by his follow through on his promise. Made our day!Brennan's was truly exemplary in New Orleans. You are bound to have satisfying dishes at any time of the day. I've visited for breakfast and dinner and left wanting to come back both times.
Their dishes are spectacular and full of heart and flavor. From their French toast or benedict to their fantastic roasted oysters or turtle soup, you can't possibly go wrong with any of the menu items. My only recommendation is to avoid watching your diet, this is not the place for that.
Their service is fast, friendly, professional in a conservative and old-world elegant setting.
Mouth-watering dishes and top-notch service will make me return on my next visit to New Orleans.The service was excellent, coupled with delicious food and a great ambience. Don't forget to try the bananas foster, made tableside for two.