It's a 5 for real. Comfortable, delicious, homey, great service. Wonderful and very real. New and fresh but not nouveau.
We came in and there were 2 soft shell crabs left, so we put our names on them. After drinks, we had the crabs sauteed and topped with a roasted pecan meunieure sauce. OMG. The crabs were whales.
Then we had Roasted duck; Cochon du Lait; Broiled Drum with Crabmeat crust and Brigtsen's Seafood Platter. Incredible.
The platter had: Grilled Drum with Crawfish Sauce; Crawfish Cornbread; Baked Scallop; Baked Oysters; Shrimp and Napa Slaw and Mirliton Dressing.So good. So fresh. So Creative.
We had Cafe Au Lait Creme Brulee and the famous Strawberry Shortcake for dessert. Service was like family. The dining room in an old house was cozy. Frank Brigtsen Rocks.the only thing i didn't like was we made our reservations in mid april during jazz fest weekend so our seating wasn't schedule until 9pm - our bad.  even arriving on time we still had to wait another half hour.  but it was worth it.  we started with a bottle of ridge pinot noir and the soft shell crab appetizer which was a meal in itself.  our server really should have told us it was a huge crab that could easliy be shared.  by the time i was done with my soft shell i was almost full.  my husband had sweetbreads.  we all had a fish entree.  dan and i went with the grouper.  my husband the gulf fish.  love every bite of it!  for dessert we were relieved to hear that they had run out of pecan pie b/c i don't think i could have consumed anymore.This was one of two five star experiences on a recent NOLA trip where great food was planned and a central theme. The food and service at Brigtsen's  were of the highest quality.  The seafood platter is rightfully a signature, but really everything from the sweetbreads to dessert was perfectly seasoned and cooked, every bite a sensation. All the accolades are justified. Pick what you like based on the description and it will be perfectly prepared. Bravo!In town on business and a friend recommended this unique place.  Was in love with it as we walked up to the door.  Once inside, the smell would make the fullest person hungry again.  Thick savory smells have clearly soaked in to this house-turned-restaurant.
Had no reservation and showed up around 9pm on Saturday night, but I was assured that although there were people waiting, they would seat us soon...and they did.
Friendliest staff ever suggested the Rabbit Tenderloin appy.  I can now say that rabbit is worth the effort!  Although it is hard for me to pass up Ossobuco (especially given their twist to the sauce) I had the fish special which was halibut.  It was perfectly spicy and buttery-wish I could make it like that.
Pecan pie and coffee to finish a most satisfying and friendly meal.  I will be back every time I am in town.OK, I admit it, living in San Francisco has left me a bit jaded when it comes to restaurants - I was expecting great things based on all the hype around Brigtsen's and its status as a local favorite. But, nothing that we ordered was particularly interesting. That's not to say that the food wasn't good (exception being the shrimp cornbread as part of my husband's seafood sampler plate - it was way too salty), but I didn't walk away from the dinner being blown away. The food is quintessential New Orleans fare - think heavy sauces, lots of seafood, breading, etc., but the food blends together with basically every other classic New Orleans dining "institution" (e.g., Commander's Palace, Arnaud's, Galatoire's). I was hoping for a dining experience that incorporated the elements of New Orleans food with a unique twist, and instead, I left feeling like I had eaten a meal like many others before. I will say, though, that the gumbo and the butternut shrimp bisque were tasty, but not enough to bring us back for another meal.One of, if not THE, premiere restaurant in the south. Owned and run by James Beard Award winning Chef Frank Brigtsen (disciple of Chef Paul Prudhomme), the menu is comprised of Louisiana's best seafood, produce, and meats, including shrimp, oysters, gulf fish, duck, pork, beef, and other wonderfully prepared items. This place is a "Must Eat" for tourist and locals alike.Simply Excellent!!!  This is a great place to go for date night.  The place is small, which makes the setting very imtimate.  The atmosphere here is very warm and inviting. The staff is excellent.  
I cannot remember what we got for appetizers, except that it was fantastic.  For my entree, I ordered the panéed rabbit with sesame crust and my wife ordered the couchon du lait.  Both of these were exquisite.  On hindsight, there was nothing negative about our evening at Brigtsen's.  Highly recommend!!!First off the pecan pie and accompanying caramel sauce is heaven on Earth. I love the old school charm of this place. Built in what looks like an old home it is quaint and welcoming. I had the seafood platter, which was very very very very good. I will be back definitely.
The butternut squash shrimp bisque is the best soup I've ever eaten in my life.Excellent Nee Orleans food and lovely night out. Feel like a local. Make sure you have the pecan pie ; it is heavenly and quintessential southern.The Essence of Old New Orleans -- this place is something special.  Especially now.  Frank Brigtsen is a fantastic chef and everything he cooks feels full of care and love.  Truly.  The service in the rooms of the older house is absolutely top notch.  Marna, Sandy and the staff make you feel so cozy and like part of the gang, even if you are a tourist!  (and it's a great place to come as a tourist, as it's off the beaten path and full of locals).  And if Rob is at the bar, have him make you one of his specials -- my favorite is the sidecar.  He is something else!
Yeah, it's not cheap, but it's not exhorbitant.  It's worth every penny, and it was a pleasure to visit NO and see them up and running so well.  It cannot have been easy, but I think you'll agree with me, it's worth it.I decided to come here on a whim for my birthday dinner. I had always wanted to do a Reveillon dinner and decided this year was the year to make it happen. For those who don't know a Reveillon dinner is a remix of an old Creole tradition. Back in the day after midnight mass you would break the days fast by having a rich multi course meal. I'm a foodie I love revamping old traditions so I was in. 
First I have to say as a local I have a severe soft spot for restaurants that feel like old New Orleans. Don't get me wrong I love all the new blood and innovation that has come to my home town but there is something that just makes me happy about places that keep it traditional. Even though this was my first time having a meal here it felt like coming home. 
The waitstaff was helpful and warm and really made you feel like family. The cocktails were perfect. While there I had a sidecar and a French 75 with Cognac both were perfectly made. 
The timing of the courses was spot on. We had time to relish and savor each of our four courses. I never felt rushed. No one was bringing us an entree when the soup course was still on the table. Literally everything I ate was perfection. I do not have one bad thing to say. This was the first time I dined here but it will certainly not be the last.One of my favorite restaurants period. Everything about this place is great but the Pecan Pie is all the motivation you need to hop a plane and go to New Orleans just for Brigtstens. The service is impeccable. The ambiance is really chill and the food is just outstanding.  They also had the best shrimp and grits I've ever had.
They have the everyday staples mixed with a bunch of daily specials and you really can't go wrong with either.  Brigtsens doesn't get the recognition as other places but it's truly one of the best kept secrets in all of LA.I hate to rate this place a 3 because I was certain based on the yelp reviews I would LOVE this place. Everything was just ok. The server was nice and pleasant. The food was good but not over the top. We had the shrimp appetizer, gumbo, duck, sample platter, tres leches and chocolate cake. I thought everything was ok. I would suggest trying the place but I think my expectations were too high based on the other yelp reviews, which left me feeling underwhelmed and disappointed.Brigtsen's is easily my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! The Butternut Shrimp bisque is exquisite as is the veal Parmesan. I have eaten there many times and I have never been disappointed. The pecan pie is to die for and so is the bread pudding! The waitresses are friendly and the chef, Frank Brigtsen couldn't be nicer! The restaurant is clean and dressy-casual and the restroom is sanitary and spacious. The atmosphere of the restaurant is one that is hard to find anywhere else! I can't imagine anyone being unsatisfied after having a meal there!It was really hard to find anything wrong with this fabulous meal my friend and I had their recently. Was able to get reservations for the time I wanted and once we arrived, we were seated immediately. The restaurant is a converted house in a nice little Riverbend neighborhood, so the conversion is really nice. Nice 'art' work on the walls! The 'second' room was slightly dim, not too badly. Our server was charming and able to answer all our questions. I thought the wine list was lacking, but we found a wine and our server agreed it was a good one. I HIGHLY recommend the Orin Swift Prisoner wine. It is an incredile blend, dominated by zinfadel. I ordered the house salad, cup of butternut squash shrimp bisque, and the slow roasted duck. When the server described the duck preparation, basically all I heard was that the duck skikn is 're-crisped' then added back to the dish. Re-fried duck skin? I'm sold. House salad, pretty nice. The bisque was actually ridculously delicious. Great texture, subtle shrimp flavor, rich and velvety. Try it, you'll love it. And now for the duck. Stupendous. It was either the pork tenderloin or the duck, and I choose well. I recall loving the duck on previous visits here and once again, I loved it. I can not do justice to the fabulous tasting entree that this was. Duck was delicious, the vegatable and whipped potato sides were also delicious. The 'jus'/gravy that was served with the entree was fabulous. I thoroughly enjoyed this meal. I will not wait another couple of years before coming back to this gem.I'll give it 3.5 actually.
It isn't that I didn't like it but I didn't love it either. I had huge expectations for it and it fell a bit short.
The restaurant was very small and cozy and not too far of a cab ride from my hotel in the CBD either. Staff was friendly, warm, and very attentive.
Like most restaurants in New Orleans the bread was fantastic and plentiful.
I was a little upset they did not have the soft shell crab appetizer, so I settled on the veal sweetbreads. These were truly fantastic and some of the best I have had. I loved the lemon caper sauce and mushrooms it came with. It was also piping hot which is a big winner for me.
My co-worker got the pulled pork t on cornbread and I tasted some and it was very good.
For mains we sampled duck and the pork chop. After hearing so many raves about "the duck" being the must order dish not only here but in all of NOLA I was thinking big. However, the duck fell short. The skin was crispy and there were some nice moist pieces, however it was a tad dry. I enjoyed the cherry sauce that accompanied it. The veggies and mashed potatoes served as good sides. However, the dirty rice was a bit too much and didn't need to be added to the dish. I also got a side of the shrimp cornbread from the shell beach diet and it was AWESOME. Probably my favorite thing I ate that night.
My friend ate his pork chop in 2 mins flat, because it was rather small. Maybe it was just because he was comparing it to the monster chip I had at Emeril's the day before, but it seemed tiny. His dish came with some lackluster green beans which he ate reluctantly.
Pecan pie for dessert. Good, but nothing spectacular. 
I enjoyed the meal, staff was terrific, and I can see the potential. But it didn't meet my admittedly elevated expectations. On my next trip to NOLA, Brigtsen's is not a MUST visit for me.Hate to rain on the parade of this restaurant, but a lesson in hospitality and focus on guest experience is in serious need. First, let me say, the food was pretty good. Not the best I've had, but still solid. My server, taller gentleman, was friendly and understood the balance of being available without being overbearing, no complaints on him. 
Now...why i'm giving 2 stars....We had tried dining at Brigtsen's on several occasions, but each time something came up. So, for my girlfriend's 30th birthday I figure that would be a great surprise destination for dinner. Called, made the reso, informed them of the special occasion. Day of, they call, reconfirm the reservation, acknowledge that we are celebrating something and I comment how we've been looking forward to it. 
Arrive, greeted warmly, our server greats us, tells us how they do team service, so if he's not available anytime to flag someone and they can get anything we need. He picks up the vibe that we are there to dine and not rush though, which we appreciate. Order first course, then second and entrees, all food comes out timely, coursed out, and is, like i said, pretty good. Going good so far. 
We are almost homefree with Brigtsen's, doing great.....and then.... 
In the middle of eating our entrees, another one of my server's "team members" comes and interrupts our conversation and asks us if we had any thoughts on dessert? I look down at my plate which is still 60% full of food, and said, "why? do we have to decide now?" She replied back with the kitchen is cleaning up and moving coolers around so you don't have to decide on what, but if we were going to have any at all. (Reference the part earlier in the review where I said that it was my girlfriend's 30TH BIRTHDAY!!!!). ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! I have decide on "IF" i want a dessert for my girlfriends bday celebration while I'm still eating my entree. Well, to us at least, seemed extremely pushy, made us feel like we would be inconveniencing others, and showed a total disregard of our special occasion. So now that all the shine and polish of this dining experience has gone down the tubes, our server comes back, poor guy like a deer in headlights, not having any idea of what just happened. Obviously could tell our demeanor has changed, and made a half-hearted attempt to make us feel like we could still enjoy our dinner and order whatever, whenever, that ship had already sailed. I debated on asking to speak with a manager, but I didn't want to exacerbate the situation and stir the pot more considering the occasion. Mind you all of this was at 9:30, its not like we were there at 11 or 11:30. Being the GM of an upscale restaurant in New Orleans, I'm happy to now have new topics on what NOT to do for our staff during pre-shift meetings. 
So all things being considered, I've had my Brigtsen's experience, I'll now have to make sure wherever we go for her 31st birthday is much better, and much more hospitable.A New Orleans favorite
Local fresh food
Great local style
Fab wine list with great pricing
Always come here when I'm in NOLA!Yes, five stars!!!!!! Simply the best restaurant in New Orleans, I've been several times over the last ten years. Always on my New Orleans checklist! The namesake chef  is one of the most talented in the US. It's out of the way, but well worth it!I've been probably 10 times and it is better and better each time. Frank and Marna are the finest people anywhere and the food is simply the best. 
The seafood platter is the best dish in Nola. BBQ shrimp and pecan pie also great.I don't know where to begin! Upon walking in- you will be greeted by friendly faces. Marna is usually always at the front and is absolutely the sweetest!  The building brings much charm to your dining experience. It is an older, shotgun home that appears to have many of the living areas turned in to dining rooms. The food- always exceptional. I have visited many times- each time better than the last.
The owner and Chef, Frank, almost always comes out to greet the guests. You feel like family here! A must try for anyone in the New Orleans area!!My husband and I went to Brigtsen's for our 4-year anniversary and we had a lovely meal. 
First of all, the restaurant is in a charming old house that manages to be intimate but not claustrophobic or overheated - a rare and wonderful thing. I had told them it was our anniversary so they put little decorative hearts on the table, something that could have easily gone overboard into tacky-land, but instead was very sweet. Our waitress Gigi was very informative, nice, and attentive. Overall, it was an elegant but relaxed vibe.
But the food was the real highlight . For apps, we had shrimp remoulade and veal sweetbreads, both of which were fantastic. Also had a cup of lovely gumbo with deep, flavorful roux. For entrees, my husband had the crab encrusted, grilled drum in a lemony butter sauce, which was lovely. But he had some major entree envy when I ordered the seafood platter. The two preparations of oysters were yummy, the drum was delicious, but the cornbread, slaw, and scallop were out of this world - intense, wonderful, unusual flavors. This dish was surprising, varied, but harmonious, and each piece was wonderful. The mean was topped off with a banana bread pudding that was out of this world. The only slight letdown was boring bread, but you won't need any extra carbs, believe me.
Brigsten's goes on our growing list of incredible places in New Orleans. 
- JoyHoly good eatin' my friends!  Gotta tell ya, I usually don't eat everything put in front of me..very picky..but I ate my whole meal at Brigsten's.  My food crew and I tried different pairings from the "cool-inary" menu, and boy, was it good....all of it. (Even the bread)
Go eat here! Well worth it.We love to eat, and ate a lot in New Orleans. This was by far the most incredible meal we had anywhere in town.
The service and atmosphere are perfect - it's cozy and personal but still very lively. The staff was so friendly I felt like we were regulars.
The food was ridiculously good, I'll remember every moment of it. It's traditional enough that you don't feel challenged by your meal - it's accessible. But at the same time everything has something subtle and creative about it. It's obvious they love what they do.
It's a good thing we ate there the last night we were in town or we would have ended up eating there five times.Traveled here with my friend and our kids. The restaurant was very nice! The service was great. The only thing I did not like, was the Gratuity fee of 20%. I wish someone would have mentioned that, so I could not be surprised! This is why I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars.We really enjoyed most of the things about this restaurant. The ambiance was great, our server was wonderful and really friendly. Loved the gratin, the rabbit tenderloin and the gulf fish. However, we just didn't get the seafood platter. After all the praise we read, we felt compelled to order it, and the result was underwhelming. Nothing on that platter was impressive/memorable. And for over $30 something should have been. It's a shame that one dish brought the whole experience down to 3 stars, but what was a splurge and should have been the best part of the dinner, ended up being the worst.I was completely underwhelmed with my dinner, but I'm giving 3 stars because the Mrs. and her cousins' meals were wonderful and the service, cocktails and dessert were fantastic. Maybe I should have had a seafood dish, but quite frankly my cochon de lait tasted like a TV dinner. I really don't enjoy paying that much for something I can do better at home. Which incidentally is the same reason I don't go to strip clubs.Brigtsen's Restaurant
723 Dante St, New Orleans, LA 70118
http://goo.gl/maps/3FeCt
504-861-7610
Well paired flavors served in simple elegance
Brigtsens is located in the riverbend neighborhood off st Charles st. Parking is on the street so if you're local I would recommend taking the street car.  We had a great dinner and service was impeccable. The food was delicious and well presented. We arrived on time and were promptly seated. Our server quickly took our drink orders and went over the specials.
   We shared the rabbit and andouille gumbo as well as the scallop appetizers and both were tasty. The gumbo had huge chunks of the tasty rabbit that was simmered to perfection. 
We all chose different dishes from the menu so we really got a good sample of Chef Brigtsens abilities. I had the grilled redfish with shrimp and crabmeat topping. It was so rich I couldn't finish it. My buddy had the braised veal shank and it was amazing as well. The tuna was well seasoned and plentiful too. We also had the brisket served in a vegetable soup and it was delicious as well. The staff was very attentive and kept our glasses full. We even went for desserts. Do not pass up the pecan pie, simply amazing texture, crust and filling were to die for., not to mention the surrounding salted caramel sauce.
I'm marking this place as one of my favorites and will definately be back. Don't forget to make reservations.
Urban Cowgill 2014Okay  - I have to be honest here.  Im giving this 5 stars because I dont think its fair to knock off a full star based on my opinion of the atmosphere.  I felt a little out of place here.  
Its cool because its in an old house and I got the feeling like I was at my grandmas house eating dinner.  The rooms are small and the tables are pretty close together.  I felt a little out of place maybe because I wasnt warned of what to expect.  I was surrounded by people who were dressed very "perfect" like.  If that makes any sense, I have no idea.  Again, I dont know if its fair to put this out there but I just want my fellow yelpers to know what to expect when going to this restaurant ahead of time.  Not that its a BAD thing - but wasnt our "usual".  
ANYHOW - the food was absolutely INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS and the service was 5 star all the way.  I cant tell you one point in the dinner where there was an empty plate sitting on the table, the check didnt sit for very long, and everyone was super friendly.  We tried the duck and the veal entrees.  Both were cooked perfectly and I the size of the meal was just right.  
This restaurant has a lot of history and I definitely recommend you go here - just be on your best behavior and dress accordingly.  I dont think you should miss out on this restaurant on my atmosphere review alone because everything else is absolutely 5 star quality.  
Enjoy!!!Hadn't been in a long time. Still terrific. I could have several meals there on the appetizers alone. The BBQ shrimp and fried catfish were wonderful. Next time, I'm getting the sweetbreads. Great service!I have been to (pretty much) all the great restaurants there are to eat at in New Orleans... the great new places, as well as the great old ones.  However, if I was able to choose one last meal before my life came to an end, I would dine here - and die a happy man.The hallway table was quieter than the dining rooms, so we didn't have to shout. A little lonely, though. 
The BBQ shrimp and veal sweetbread appetizers were phenomenal!
The expensive entrees were so-so, however. The duck had congealed fat under the skin that had to be picked off with the fork. The lamb shank was just average.
Should have gone to Emeril's instead.
You live, you learn.Very disappointing experience. The food was over-salted and over-sauced. The service was unremarkable and the bill was high. It's in an old charming house on Dante but it smelled musty.What can I say, the legend is real. I ate here for the first time during COOLinary and it was fabulous. Fantastic service, in fact I think Mrs. Brigsten visited our table of times to check on us. I took my parents out there and they dont get a chance to to nice places often and they didnt stop talking about Brigstens for months. It made me so happy that they were so impressed. I will be back! I can't wait for Reveillion Dinners!We had heard and read so much about this place, and had seen the most recent Zagat ratings for food and service, and so were prepared to be wowed.  But no, that did not happen.  
Instead, we left shaking our heads in wonderment about how many better meals we had had during our nine days in Louisiana and how much we had just paid for a very so-so meal at Brigstens.
The service is wonderful. But the food was not. It was not bad, mind you, but my Gulf fish special was very dry. My mother-in-law's paneed rabbit was dry and was encrusted in a rather thick crust that didn't do much for any of us.  My wife enjoyed the rabbit appetizer in creole mustard sauce.  
All in all, a disappointing experience.....aaaannnnnddd one year later, exactly the same, even more delicious than before! Thank you Chef B!This hits all the checkmarks for a New Orleans restaurant experience. Local legend and award-winning chef (James Beard winner) Frank Brigtsen delivers a spectacular menu, his wife greets you at the door with a charming smile, and the waitstaff is superb. Located in a quiet, uptown neighborhood, Brigsten's offers the best of New Orleans Creole style seafood and other delights. 
Yes, it's "way" uptown, but there's so much more to New Orleans than the FQ. Ride the streetcar, take a cab, find a way there. It's worth the effort, and the extra dollars for a memorable and original New Orleans dining experience.Are you kidding me with this place? This is 'last-meal' food, as in you'll eat here if you know it's the last meal you'll eat.  Fantastic! We even met Chef Brigtsen.  Lovely, lovely man.  Where to start? I had two killer mojitos, a fabulous salad (there is only one on the menu - get it!) and the appetizer gravlax for my entree over a dream of a potato pancake.  So incredible.  Pals had the butternut shrimp soup - to die for.  The best pecan pie we've ever tried.  I had seasonal strawberry shortcake.  Everything was so good we are still talking about it a week later.  Just. Go. Now.A very mixed bag.  The dated website (c. 1995) is an accurate reflection of both the ambiance and food.  (On a related note, the restaurant has won many awards. Most of them are from the '90s or early 2000s.  What, if anything, has happened in the last 15 years?)  Apps were excellent. BBQ shrimp were remarkable, smoky and spicy but in a way that was harmonious rather than overpowering, with a nice polenta-like cake.  The gumbo was also outstanding, lacking any harshness, although was an andouille and chicken variety rather than the andouille and rabbit listed on the website (perhaps they were out of rabbit as no other rabbit dishes on the menu that night either)--but the chicken was remarkably succulent and flavorful.  Entrees were greatly disappointing.  Broiled gulf fish with crabmeat/parmesean crust and lemon mousseline (quite similar to hollandaise). The dish was pleasant, but overall the  straight from the late 80s/early 90s--not particularly refined or elegant, plated at a $12 level rather than a $30 level.  The other entree was essentially duck a l'lorange. This was less than pleasant, with the duck well done and quite gamey in flavor. Again, a dated preparation, and certainly an unacceptably amateurish plating. Dessert was pecan pie, which was fine, but not remarkable, and surrounded in a whole lake of over-sweet caramel sauce; the sort of thing one might expect in a good diner, but not in a fine restaurant. The limited selection of house wines by the glass were uninspired and uninspiring.  Friendly service could not redeem these faults.  Despite the excellent apps, we won't be back.Best meal I've had in New Orleans. Period. That may have a little to do with the fact that I went with a group of friends and we all ordered something different and everyone shared, but everything was delicious. Great service, great setting, a truly great dining experience.Fried (cornmeal crusted) rabbit entree was only bested by the duck. Very tasty rabbit gumbo. The crawfish shortbread appetizer was good, but the shortbread seemed a little out of place and unnecessary. Tres leches with strawberries and chocolate whipped cream melted in our mouths. 
Very cozy atmosphere. Attentive, friendly staff. While it is technically casual, it feels right to wear a jacket.The rabbit tenderloin was awesome.  Trix tasted great.Old school. Heavy on the sauces and sugar. Some of the patrons have been coming there for the past decade or longer and survived, so it is not all that bad. For example, soft-shell crab. It is an absolute must to try when its on the menu. Our gumbo was unremarkable, Cochon de Lait drowned in a heavy roux and oh, don't bother with a dessert. A failed attempt to recreate tres leches cake left a bad taste in our mouths. Dessert cake that was made for a birthday party looked absolutely delicious but we were told that it was a special order, not available to the rest of us. This restaurant is pricey for what you get. On the other hand, it is very traditional New Orleans style of cooking that if you never tried, do yourself a favor, indulge!Food is ok, a little pricy considering its little amount, the waitress are too busy.I always kick myself for not dining here more frequently, and my latest experience reminded me of the folly of my ways. Frank simply is New Orleans cooking and never seems to let you down. A true staple in the Nola community. I was kicking myself for having a late lunch then heading here, and whilst I tried to order light I simply couldn't resist ordering rabbit and andouille gumbo followed by a wonderful veal dish. Of course a seafood platter was ordered, which Frank does in the best ideas of such a dish, the soft shell crab meuniere, sweatbreads, and grouper, all had us smiling and happy for each choice. The wine by the glass was offered as a bottle after inquiring and the overall experience was pleasant and enjoyed by all.
The only knock costing a star, was our table left so little room that the server had to squeeze and interrupt us with every pass. In her defense she made it "fun" by massaging my shoulders" to let me know she needed passage.
Great place.After a whole year of not dining at Brigtsen's...we made reservations for 5 on a Wednesday night..and THIS TIME..I MUST BOOST MY STAR RATING TO A 5!!!.HANDS DOWN!!
again...GO FOR THE PECAN PIE FLOATING OVER A SEA OF CARAMEL SAUCE!!!..MMmmMmm..
We decided to show some family members visiting from Dallas some real good comfort New Orleans food so of course we all decided on Brigtsen's. 
Service: AGAIN...Exceptional!  The ladies at Brigtsen's always have a smiling face..always giving us the best recommendations. Because our parents worked/owned in the restaurant industries..the service and smile we got from these ladies really hit close to home..reminds us of good ole Southern Hospitality!
Food: OMMGGG....AMazing!! Here's the breakdown of what we ordered:
1.) Butternut Squash Bisque: Absolutely amazing..so smooth and rich..buttery goodness.
2.) File Gumbo with Rabbit & Andouille Sausage: Again..this is a must try.  Top Gumbo I've had in my life!!
(They didn't have their Turtle soup this time around. We found out that the chef only makes it between December 1st until around Valentine's Day..I think I will set up my Iphone to automatically remind me that time next year to drop by Brigtsen's for turtle soup)
3.) Mustard and Cornmeal Fried Catfish with Cheese Grits and Creole Sauce: Absolutely Amazing!!! You would think.."what's so special about fried catfish right?" wrong!! It's light, fluffy, and super moist (As I'm writing this review from the dining experience with my Dallas family, I had returned more recently to get this appetizer.  We shared this appetizer b/t 5, so this time around I HAD to come back with my husband to get our own!)
4.) Seared Scallop
5.) Rabbit Tenderloin: I was hesitant thinking it will be gamey..but really..it taste just like chicken! but BETTER!! I want to come back for more rabbit tenderloin..
Entrees:
1.) Broiled Gulf Fish with Parmesan Crabmeat Crust: Again..it's lump crabmeat..comes out nice and hot
2.) Grilled TBone Steak: My cousin got this.  He really enjoyed it..but did mention that there was just a bit too much garlic butter on the steak.  He asked for medium..and it came out medium.
3.) Brigtsen's Seafood Platter: AWESOMMMEEE!!!!
Dessert:
Of course we ended with 2 orders of Pecan Pie and Banana Bread Pudding.  The Pecan Pie is soooo good..my cousin ended up buying a whole pie to go! The ladies were so nice to package it and even packed the caramel sauce to go...but of course..it never made it back to Dallas...they devoured it that evening..
We will definitely be back..must get my Brigtsen's fix before the big move from this amazing city!We took a cab here one night from the french quarter - took a solid 20 minutes but the meal was worth it. The setting was really interesting, its basically a house converted into a restaurant. You feel like you are at a house party but don't worry, the tables are set up far enough that you are not forced to speak with others if you don't want to. The noise level was fine too. The food was great - had the gumbo and the duck. If you get the duck, don't expect sliced duck - its more of a dark meat portion in a rich sauce. Tasted great - just a warning before ordering if you were expecting a strip of sliced duck.I wanted to absolutely love this place. Really....I did. In fact, I went into dinner expecting to. Eh. In a city full of good food and endless options, you have to deliver. It didnt. That said...the food is good. Just not stellar-worth-all-the-hype-you-hear worthy. I found it impossible to have meaningful conversation...the tables were a little uncomfortable and I felt far away from the person I was with at our 2-top. We had a completely drunk obnoxious group sit next to us and it made having meaningful conversation and being able to enjoy a pricy meal impossible. We were pretty much told we had to indulge the drunk group because they apparently come there often enough and have enough money to be humored. Not so much. The veal sweetbreads were good. The shrimp remoulade was ok. I had the crabmeat crusted fish...cant remember what kind....drum I think? That's how impressive it was... I cant even remember the details. After all the hype, it should have been memorable and delivered. PLUS- Chef Brigtsen apparently made the decision to nix his famous banana bread pudding from the menu....one of the things we were looking forward to. Tip: If you have an item that people consider so good that they make reservations anticipating the dessert alone......what's the adage? If it ain't broke?Pecan pie.....
Yeah, everything else is great, too. Upscale but not stuffy. Must try if you're looking for upscale creole food in nola.I like big shrimp, and I can not lie! The BBQ shrimp is great, but the accompanying grit cake was what made the dish. Both my meal (veal parmigiana) and Big Boss's speckled trout were amazing. What really flipped my lid though was the pasta that came with the veal. Normally this pasta is at best an afterthought, but I loved it and gorged myself right out of dessert. The drinks were yummy and I'll go back to get dessert. Not cheap, but this isn't McBurger. Buy the ticket, take the ride, as Hunter S. Thompson would advise.I'm not an eloquent enough writer to recommend this place highly enough. I love the atmosphere, the staff, the experience, and oh dear goodness the food...
The rabbit gumbo was probably the finest dish it has been my pleasure to consume. At Brigtsen's, I enjoy dishes prepared with some prominently used ingredients that, under normal circumstances, I detest wholeheartedly. 
Brigtsen's has become my one non-negotiable culinary destination every time I visit New Orleans.Is this restaurant carpeted? It's been a while. I'm pretty sure it's carpeted, though. And the walls are DEFINITELY hand painted with cheesy murals. On old victorian wainscoting. Great buttery fat, original, contemporary menu.  Super friendly knowledgeable relaxed staff. Homey, owner-operated vibe.
 Summarize in three words: Rabbit Tenderloin baby.I first want to thank Chef Frank Brigtsen and his staff for the most amazing birthday experience I have ever had at a restaurant.  Spending my 60th birthday away from home and from our small family was a little difficult, but you made us feel like family and we are grateful for to you all.
Of course there was the food, just thinking of the Veal Sweetbreads are making my mouth water, there are no words for them, only that food high you get when something is so delicious that you don't want the experience to end. Everything we had there that night from the seafood to the pork, right up to the delicious strawberry shortcake was spectacular
We truly appreciate all you did and we cannot wait to come back for another delicious meal.Chef Frank Brigtsen is a master of classic Creole cuisine, turning out perfect dining experiences every time we sit at our intimate table for two. He captures the best of old New Orleans while giving an interesting twist to each of the evening's selections. He serves only local, fresh fare from farmers and fishermen in the area. Nothing flown in or frozen for his guests. Always fresh or it isn't served. 
There are so many fabulous dishes it is difficult to recommend only one. But I will say this: If you think you've eaten pecan pie at some point in your life, order a slice for desert and be prepared to taste it for the first time. Personally, I like to sip a Macallan's whisky with mine.GO FOR THE CARAMEL PECAN PIE!!! MmmMMmm.....ok let me wipe my drool and backtrack a bit..
We were driving around looking for a place to have dinner.  Decided last minute to try out Brigtsen's.  We walked in (WITHOUT RESERVATIONS) and asked the hostess if she could accommodate a last minute walk in.  They were packed that Saturday night but she was able to seat us within 5 minutes.  I was pleasantly surprised since we didn't even make reservations!
I love the ambiance and decor of this place..typical New Orleans style! It truly had a sense of Southern Hospitality.  We love our waitress! She was very helpful in her recommendations from the wine selection to starters to dessert.
Our dining experience included:
Turtle Soup: OMGGGG...Hands down the best I've ever had! Turtle soup everywhere else (ie. Palace Cafe : very watery in consistency and where's the actual turtle bits???)  The waitress really persuaded us into trying this soup..raved about the quality.  I'm glad we tried it because it was so awesome!
Pulled Pork with Corn Macque Choux Griddlecake: Very different from anything we tried before..so Yummy!
Entrees:
Broiled Gulf Fish with Crabmeat Parmesan Crust: Came out HOT and delicious! Fish was cooked perfectly and there were huge chuncks of Jumbo Crabmeat on top!
Dessert:
Pecan Pie with Caramel Sauce: This was featured on FOODNETWORK: BEST THING I EVER ATE.  YES! Worth it!  The top crust on this pie is amazing floating in a bath of caramel sauce!  I wonder if I can just place a to go order on the whole pie??!!!...
Another great restaurants that truly makes New Orleans Culinary experience ONE OF A KIND!I thought the food was too rich.  Veggies were soggy and made less healthy by a sauce.  The grits were great and so was the pecan pie.Wonderful meal and attentive staff. Walked in and was greeted by chef. Great suggestions from waitstaff which we did take. Didn't disappoint! We will be back next time in NOLA.Always a favorite, small, friendly, great food. Seafood platter and grilled fish always fantastic. Best pecan pie in town. Get the oyster Rockefeller soup if they have it or whatever bisque is on the menu.My husband and I absolutely love this place -- it is our favorite (we even got engaged here)!  New Orleans is a city full of great restaurants, but if I had to pick one single place to send out of town visitors this is my pick.  If you are "on the fence" about whether it's worth a cab ride from your French Quarter hotel -- just do it because you will not be sorry.  Frank Brigtsen is an incredibly talented chef.  I can honestly say that I have never ordered a single thing here that I didn't absolutely love and I can't think of another restaurant I can say that about.  Tonight for my appetizer I ordered the chanterelle mushroom bisque with crabmeat and I enjoyed it even more than I usually enjoy the rabbit andouille gumbo -- and that's saying something.  Our go-to for dinner is the rabbit with creole mustard cream sauce, though I have tried most things on the menu and they are all amazing.I really really wanted to give Brigsten's five stars.  And then I switched it to four.  And then well...left it there.
This is my second visit to Brigsten's and I love the room.  Love the service.  When is the last time you hugged your waitress on the way out after hearing her stories about escaping New Orleans and they brought the restauarnt back.  And that was after the hostess was ready to hug us on the way in (and not because the place was empty either).
So why not give it five stars?  One thing.  Lack of attention to detail in the food.  A five star restaurnt does not use the same or similar sauce on any dish.  And it never puts the same vegetable (snow peas in some gloppy mix) on two plates.   And after seeing Frank Brigsten earlier that week in a movie about cullinary New Orleans I expected better.
Ah, so close.
And the rest of the meal?
Five stars.
Knockout BBQ shrimp with a rice cake in the middle that was crisped to perfection.  The drum fish perfectly pan fried.  
But what you really get here is the experience.  Is there a nicer group of people working in a restuarant anywhere?  Check the photos and the art on the wall, this is a family and it shows.On my way out of Baton Rouge I spent two nights in New Orleans as I have never been there before.  My first night I chose to try Brigsten's as I read many good reviews.  The compliments were all accurate as I enjoyed every minute of my time there.  The seafood platter was amazing! My colleague had ribs and the rub was unbelieveable.  Kudos to the staff for making this such a relaxing dining environment as well!
Rod Ricciardi
Find-A-DreamMy husband and I ate here for our anniversary.   It was perfect.   The shrimp bisque was delicious and smooth.   The duck boudain egg rolls were different,  crunchy and very tasty.   We had the lamb shank and seafood player for entrees but the best part was the cafe au lait creme brulet!  Oh and ask for Autumn.... she was wonderful!!This is one of the Best restaurants in New Orleans. Even ordinary dishes like rare tuna is turned into a spectacular dish, the best I've ever had!!!Everything on the menu is fantastic and it's always generous portions. It's impossible to leave this place hungry or disappointedOn my last trip to NOLA, I finally was able to stop in at Brigtsen's. We had reservations for 8:15 and we arrived around 7:30. The hostess was very friendly and told us to have a seat and they would try and go ahead and seat us. About 10 minutes later we had our table. Our waitress was very, very friendly. We ordered a bottle of champagne (it was my birthday dinner) and decided to split the Rabbit Tenderloin with Andouille Parmesan Grits Cake, Spinach, & Creole Mustard Sauce. This is quite possibly the best thing I have ever eaten. The Rabbit was not greasy, even though it is fried, and the grit cake had just the right amount of spice. For entrees, we had the special, which was flounder in a butter pecan meuniere sauce, and the seafood platter, which is a sampling of various items, of which none are fried. As I did not write down what each and every item was, I cannot give details on what was on the seafood platter that night (it changes often), but the Shrimp Cornbread with Jalapeño Smoked Corn Butter was on it and it was out of this world. We were full, but we were told by our waitress that Pecan Pie with Caramel Sauce was not to be missed. Prior to receiving our pie, they sprinkled Happy Birthday confetti on our table as we had told them we were celebrating my birthday. The pie came out with a lone candle and is possibly the best pecan pie I have ever had, and with the members in my family, that is really saying something. All in all, I have since recommended Brigtsen's to a number of people as the food was fantastic and the atmosphere is wonderful and distinctly New Orleans.Several visits here have been rewarded with celestial food.  If the Tournadoes of Beef are on the menu, ORDER THEM.  This is a must-go on our annual visits to New Orleans.  We look forward to our next one.Great food, small place is the best way to describe Brigtsen's. One of my favorite pre-Katrina spots, I've only dined there a couple of times since but both were excellent. 
This converted house is cozy and not overly decorated. However, Chef Frank Brigsten's menu is very creative and every dish is a joy to eat (I love to order the duck!). Wine list could use some updating though...Awesome restaurant, my parents took me here for my birthday and I really enjoyed it.This restaurant was the evening meal of the Perfect Day in New Orleans for me.
I had the softshell crab appetizer and it was incredible. My main course was rabbit, breaded and coated with sesame seeds. I'd never had either before and it was delicious. My boyfriend had been here twice before and of all the places we ate he ranted and raved about this place, getting me all psyched up. I was not disappointed.
You'd be a fool to pass this place up.
Pecan pie was OK, but by then who cared? I'd just had a foodgasm.
Go, eat, enjoy.I was taken here by a European colleague and his friends from the EU. Reservations were made a month in advanced. I see why it's important to! The restaurant is situated in a shotgun New Orleans home with several cozy, comfortable rooms and a still fine dining appeal. This may be one of my favorite places to dine in New Orleans for a special occasion. I was told the rule was Brigsten's dinner overflow goes to Dante's Kitchen, also a great place particularly for brunch. The Butternut Shrimp Bisque is absolutely amazing. I had the Roasted Duck with Dirty Rice, Tart Dried Cherry Sauce & Pink-Eyed Peas. Excellent. Definitely try all restaurants in this area!SOOO GOOD!!!
We were in NOLA for a conventions and was referred by a mutual friend.  Decide to try to try it out that night...Boy am I glad we did.  I'm not a huge "creole" fan so I was reluctant.  I can't speak more highly of the place.  This is an old house that was converted and the dinning rooms are "rooms" consisting of about about 8 tables each.  Very charming.  The wait staff was very polite and helpful.  I started with a Cosmo, I'm very picky on my Cosmo's, and it was one of THE BEST i've had!!  For dinner the Cochon du Lait with Cornbread Dressing, Natural Pan Gravy & Cracklins was suggested...WOW!!!!  It was delicious!  We just had to try dessert... got the highly recommended Banana Bread Pudding, it did not let me down!
If you are in the area and looking for an off the beatin path place with charm and great food...THIS IS IT.The New Orleans Restaurant Association organizes a very "cool" event during the month of August - COOLinary! Everyone can and should take advantage of the prefix $20 lunches & $35 dinners offered by historic establishments and trendy new dining spots alike. Opening stated- this review is a reflection of the COOLinary prefix dinner option and not of the establishments regularly offered menu.
Friday night date night with my fellow and we want good eats that don't break the bank. After narrowing down which neighborhood in which to have dinner and exploring the COOLinary options,  we mutually decided on Brigtsen's- a restaurant that's been around for some time and has a well established reputation. 
Upon arriving at the traditional shotgun style residence turned restaurant,  we were greeted warmly by the hostesses and asked if we had a reservation.  Opps! No reservation, but that is no problem for a party of 2 during the slow season. Brigtsen's has 3 (perhaps 4) two tops located in the entry hall dedicated to non-reservation diners. We were fortunate that a couple was completing their dinner and we only had to wait 15 or fewer minutes. Tip: make a reservation. Unless there was a last minute cancellation for a large party, it's doubtful they'd be able to accommodate.  
Our table, located in the hall running the length of the property, was cozy. We loved watching the staff pass with others entrees,  we enjoyed the old school painted wallpaper decoration, and *SO important* we could enjoy our dinner and company at a comfortable volume.  The acoustics from music & other diners was not too loud at all! Literally,  it was music to my ears :-)
My fellow enjoyed a crisp glass of the house chardonnay and we munched on French bread with the best. butter. ever. as we awaited or meal selections. 
Y'all, the BBQ shrimp salad with housemade tortilla chips was the best salad I'd ever ordered!  The outstanding salad was followed by drum fish lightly blacked,  layered with jumbo lump crab meat, and smothered with a not too heavy butter based sauce. A side of locally sourced summer veggies was an delicious addition to the main course. For dessert we savored each nibble of the Lemon Ice Box Creme Brulee! I rounded out my dinner with a cup of pipping hot coffee (with chickory, of course!). 
Brigtsen's had never been on my long and ever growing list of New Orleans restaurants I've desired to dine at, but it's solidified itself as a great dining option located in a slice of iconic architecture with attentive, friendly service and, most importantly, supurb food.
Bravo, Brigtsen's you do it all right!We celebrated our 1st Wedding Anniversary here and truly enjoyed it.  The Veal Sweet Bread Appetizer was very good & full of flavor. I had a Lemon Drop Martini & my love had Scotch...neat. Drinks were on point. He had some sort of Brisket Soup with Vegetables for his dinner. I had the famous Seafood Platter and  even though the portions are small, there was a lot of food on that plate.  After the bread, appetizer and Entree, I regret that I did not have room for dessert. They had some glittery confetti on the table in celebration of our Anniversary,  which was a nice & much appreciated  touch.  With the candles & small tables, this little converted home is very warm, cozy & romantic, which was perfect for our special occasion.Easily one of my top 10 meals that I've ever had (and that's a HUGE compliment since I travel   all over the world and consequently eat out a lot).  There's a very clear reason why the chef is a James Beard award winner - his food is awesome and insanely imaginative.  He even comes out into the dining room every so often just to talk to his customers and make sure they're happy.  I had the Seafood Platter and it was amazing - great flavors, textures, seasoning; the cafe au lait creme brulee is fantastic as well.   Simply amazing!  Avoid the tourist throngs in the Quarter and go there.  Its worth your while.Our 5F crew (Fourth Friday for Friends and Foodies) went to Brightens.  Top notch customer service.  Gotta say the seafood platter was just ok for me, other crew members enjoyed.  Just seemed a little unnecessarily over pricey.  But great atmosphere, we didn't feel rushed, until we needed to be nudged with a move it along ladies.  Overall we give it a 4F's.The food here was very good but the service was rather off-putting and we will not return as a result.
We made a reservation for 8pm on a Saturday, arrived on time, but were not seated until almost 8:30. There isn't a bar at which to wait, so we chose to stand outside rather than be cramped in a hallway behind the host stand next to people eating their dinners. The restaurant is in a converted house so I understand not having a bar, but it felt a bit extreme to make a two-top wait 25-30 minutes for a table when a reservation had been made.
Once seated our waitress explained the Coolinary menu and a few of their specialties. She also told us that she didn't have a section so if we saw her rushing around all over the place that we shouldn't worry and we'll surely be taken care of. As my fiance and I both work in the industry we found this a bit odd, but hey, whatever works. Unfortunately for us, it didn't work so well. We found the service to feel rather pushy and rushed. I'm not sure if this is because they were trying to flip our table quickly, or if it is simply a product of servers here not having sections.  It seemed like none of the employees were on the same page; as a result we were asked multiple times if we were done with items when we were not, and this made things feel hurried and not at all relaxing.
 As mentioned the food was good but I found it to be a bit salty. My fiance, however, had no issues with the saltiness of the dishes, and we shared everything that was ordered. We got the BBQ shrimp to start and split the grouper entree and seafood stuffed eggplant, the latter coming from the Coolinary menu. I did appreciate that we could order a dish from the Coolnary menu a la cart. We did not order dessert and we split a bottle of wine during the meal. 
At this point I would have given Brigtsen's four stars but everything from this point forward was incredibly problematic. Upon paying we left $35 cash and a credit card. Someone scooped up the bill and we didn't have a chance to explain that the cash should go toward the bill, not the tip (again an issue with not having a dedicated server). When they returned we opened the bill fold to see that they took the cash as tip rather than applying it to the bill. No big deal. We waived someone over, explained what happened, but rather than saying that they would make the change the woman tried to tell us that it would be better to not re-run the card. She preferred to give us the cash back. We told her that we didn't want to do that and after a brief conversation in which she made it clear we were inconveniencing her, she agreed to re-run the card for the right amount. Again, minor but a bit annoying. 
We signed the slip, left $25 cash for tip and left. About five minutes later we got a phone call from who we believed to be the hostess who said that we failed to leave gratuity. My fiance calmly explained that we wrote cash in the tip line and left $25. The employee said something about the cash being applied toward the tax and that we still owed gratuity, which neither of us understood. Again, we both work in the restaurant industry and were blown away that 1) they could not seem to understand that we left cash and 2) that they had the gall to call us after leaving the restaurant. My fiance explained again the transactions at the end of the meal including the issue with the $35 initially not being applied to the bill, and then got off of the phone. 
About five minutes later the server called us back to apologize profusely saying that the tip had been put into the bartender's tip jar but the person who did it had not said anything to the rest of the staff. Again, this comes back to the issue of having too many hands on one table rather than a point person to avoid any potential confusion. 
For us, it was a shame that the service overshadowed the food at Brigtsen's. We are pretty understanding people but for such a well-regarded restaurant we found the front of the house to be very poorly run. I wonder if the chef is aware of such potential problems. According to the other reviews it does seem that we just happened to catch them on a bad night, so perhaps our experience is not indicative of the restaurant generally, but we will not return.Frank and the team just celebrated their 28th year open after Frank left Paul Prudhomme in the 1980's. This is a warm and cozy elegant spot with excellent New Orleans dishes. Frank cooks most nights and you have to try the Shell Beach diet at least once. One of my favorite regular spots in nola!Ate here for the first time ever last night, and it lived up to everything I'd heard it was.  Delicious food, amazing waitstaff, great atmosphere, loved it.  Will definitely be going back.  Try to seafood platter and shrimp bisque, they're simply fantastic!I'm only going to rate the food and drink. The service was subpar but I for one am willing to deal with ok service for great food. 
Lets start with the drinks. My wife had a glass of wine. I had cocktails. The wine was just standard house wine. However my cocktails were $11 of little or no alcohol albeit tasty. 
The gumbo. My wife said it was good while I thought it was mediocre. In fact my comment was I've had better gumbo in NJ. The northeast does not have good Cajun so make of that what you may. 
Entrees. So everyone raves about the seafood platter. My wife got it. I got the snapper with truffled crabmeat. Lets start with the seafood platter. It should be called the bread platter. It was two heavily breaded oysters with cornbread. Squash with breading. A breaded fritter. It also had a perfectly cooked piece of mahi mahi with two shrimp but that was the exception to the rule. Really!!! That's a 1 star dish. I learned later that the discrepancy between our experience and that of others is that the "seafood platter" changes night to night. 
My snapper with crabmeat was pretty poor. Lets breakdown the dish. Veggies, fish, potatoes. Veggies were completely under seasoned. Needed salt badly. Potatoes were perfectly cooked and tasty had they not been a salt lick. I guess that's supposed to make up for the unsalted veggies. The fish was well cooked but waitress told us its got lots of crabmeat. It does not. And she said she hates truffles but this is lightly used. I love truffles but this was overwhelming. I'm not sure if I had fish. It could have been anything. The subtle flavors of red snapper was no match for the overdone truffles. 
I loved Dante's across the street. Oh well you win some you lose some.What a tremendous restaurant; a true gem! Everything about our visit was superb from the cocktails to the wine to the absolutely delicious food!  Most of all, the management and staff made us feel so welcome. Our server Mary was probably one of the best servers we've ever met.DELICIOUS! Every single thing we ordered can be described as delicious, AUTHENTIC NOLA cuisine, & flavorful served with the friendliest customer service. We tried the gumbo & Butternut bisque. Both were amazing & the flavor was surprising. Don't mistake BBQ with their BBQ shrimp. It is a completely different style and definitely worth eating. You may want to get a couple orders, so you can have that entire appetizer to yourself! Save room for the duck. This is their house specialty. Ask them to describe the way they prepare it. No flavorful detail is spared! Last but not least, we had the pecan pie -A MUST- and their nightly special dessert. I forgot the exact name, but it was a "pineapple up-side-down cake" bread pudding with piña colada sauce. WOW!Terrific Dinner!. The setting in an old home reminds me of so many places that I enjoyed eating growing up. The menu is made of simple classic New Orleans fare. Fantastic sweetbreads, crispy skinned duck, and stellar dirty rice.It's more than the best neighborhood restaurant, it's just the best.  You could choose from the menu blind folded and have the meal of your life. One of the few places I order appetizers, entree and dessert for myself always. I still eat off everyone else's plate. The atmosphere is family like and welcoming. Great service, great little house, just great. I always love the fish, and pecan pie or bread pudding. Really, everything. Oh and the un-fried seafood platter!!I live just a few blocks from this restaurant and had alway heard really things.It's a bit pricey, but worth it. I had the broiled gulf fish with the crabmeat parmesan crust. The fish for the night was redfish and it was delicious. Without question I have a new favorite restaurant in the neighborhood.Nice restaurant, good food but it was hot in there! This is an old house converted to a restaurant , very charming but please upgrade to a central AC unit. They had a window unit AC that wasn't working too well so we enjoyed our food while sweating the whole time. Their rabbit gumbo was awesome, shrimp with deviled eggs was delicious, seafood platter was very tasty, can't complain about anything but the temperature of the room.Good food and good times ruined by a bitchy hostess. The older woman even asked us at the if our meal, "do I need to call you a taxi?" Then the waitress came by to offer coffee and dessert. Great waitress. Won't be back!The best thing we did in New Orleans and great date restaurant!  Right from the start we had AMAZING service from Gigi.  It was an extremely nice dinner that we could fully enjoy because the atmosphere is so friendly and comfortable.  Food was so well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  Out of everything we had, I would recommend the pork chop, trout, and like all other reviewers, the pecan pie.  Perfect portion sizes that leave you satisfied but not too full.  We appreciated the very friendly staff that talked to us while one of us was away from the table, and that let us relax and take our time enjoying dinner.
We can't wait to go back next time we visit NOLA!I really cannot express my delight in finding this gem of a restaurant. We enjoyed every bite of our food so much that we considered getting one to go for lunch the next day. The service was great. The entire wait staff attendance to your every need. There are so many restaurants that could take lessons from here. We will be back soon.What a great experience.  It's true, the place is cozy but that doesn't mean tables are jammed in close to each other. I had the soft shelled crab appetizer which was delicious and quite filling. For an entree I had the cochon du lait with cracklin and a sweet potato hash. The pork was perfect,  flavorful and moist. The only problem was that I was too full to finish the dish. 
The atmosphere is pretty low key and there is no rush to turn tables. The service was acceptable and the pace was just right for us.
Brigsten's is definitely on my recommend list.On our first night in town, we chatted up a few locals and they mentioned Brightsen's.  Located in a residential area, it's a converted home with several different rooms.  Drinks, appetizers and dinner were spot on.  The seafood bisque was amazing as was the shrimp appetizer.  Our table sampled all of the desserts and they were all delicious.  Of particular note were the pecan pie with caramel sauce and the lemon creme brulee.  Our server was a hoot and didn't seem to mind that we were well dressed people with the sense of humor of a ten year old boy.  Excellent place for a lovely and unique meal.I have eaten my way around New Orleans, but I keep coming back to Brigtsen's. The outstanding menu, atmosphere, and service truly set Brigtsen's apart from the plethora of good restaurants offering New Orleans fare. Marna and Frank Brigtsen have perfectly curated a refined, yet cozy home environment. On each of my visits, Marna has made the rounds, talking to each group as if they were guests at her home. You just don't find many places like that anymore. A true experience in Southern hospitality. 
The seafood platter is absolutely the way to go, giving you a taste of multiple amazing dishes. Let your waiter help you with the wine pairings; I've never been steered wrong there. The Pecan Pie is also a must; I always have a bite, even though I have a (non-severe) nut allergy. 
Thank you Frank and Marna for your wonderful food and service!Went here for my anniversary. Honestly I wasn't impressed at all. The fine dinning restaurant looks like a small house out of nowhere. I must admit, I was pretty scared to come in at first. Inside was very tight, but had an upscale touch. My boyfriend and I were seated immediately. Upon arrival to our table, I couldn't help but grin at the cute tiny hearts they'd place on our table. It was unnecessary, but super sweet and considerate of them to do that for us. Forgive me for not recalling what we had ordered, but the food came out really slow. I thought to myself, maybe the longer, the more prepare and better taste. Well let me just say, it was exactly what I'd thought and every bite was fascinating! It was painful to glance at my bill afterwards, but I don't regret a thing.My husband and I went here for our anniversary. It was a special night for a special place. Our food was delicious with great service. Our meal consisted of yummy butternut squash bisque, grilled fish and pork chop. We will return again.Awesome restaurant, our favorite place in NOLA, always go here whenever we're in town. Beef, duck, pork, seafood are all delicious.This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I have been here many time both pre- and post-Katrina. It's located in a small shotgun style house (long and narrow). The food is wonderful and service is outstanding. I have been here with just my wife and larger groups, all times have been very enjoyable. The only challenge I have is that the waiting area is small, so it can get crowded waiting for dinner.Lovely service, great food and a wonderful ambience.  This restaurant always provides a fantastic dining experience.We heard this place was wonderful and read the glowing reviews. After eating there, we have no desire to return, for the food and the atmosphere were 100% Meh. We ordered gumbo, the fish, and the duck, and felt slightly ill shortly afterwards. It wasn't really that fun while we were eating it. Thanksgiving style duck? A bad idea in my opinion. Sorry, but not at all impressed. They did make last minute accommodations for us by seating us in the hall. C'est la vie.This was a lovely evening for us.  Brigtsen's is off the beaten tourist path and low-profile in terms of press, etc.  Yet it was FULL on the Sat. night before Easter.  It is a converted home with several dining rooms.  They have a full bar and a smallish wine list.  We started with Negronis, and then to starters:  I had shrimp remoulade with devilled egg and corn relish.  Fresh and plump shrimp.  Spouse had a crawfish shortcake.  For entrees, he had sauteed veal that he loved, while I opted for the special:  Sauteed softshell crab.  Being a West coaster, I had never had this specialty before and I LOVED it.  So beautifully prepared.  (I ordered it again elsewhere later on our trip and was sorely disappointed.  Couldn't hold a candle to Brigtsen's.)  We shared a wonderful bread pudding for dessert.  With all this we had a bottle of white wine and spouse had an additional glass of Rhone red.  Service was just wonderful.  We had lots of questions, and they were so accommodating.  They helped us locate after dinner entertainment in the area. They also called us a cab, which brings me to the only downside of dining there:  it is a $15 (before tip) cab ride from any tourist or downtown hotels which will add about $40 to your evening if you are visiting without a car.  But I would recommend this for its food, and civilized, charming ambience.  Our tab was $159.Hidden gem. Old school new orleans place from the 80s. Doesn't look like it has changed much since -- and I love it! We had the barbecue shrimp for an appetizer and I had the seafood platter for my entree. Seafood platter is nothing like anything you've had before. It was all excellent. 
Great meal aside, this was hands down the best service I've ever had. That is saying a lot in New Orleans. 
If there are no reservations available, ask if you can sit in the hall. Love the place. Might have to become a regular.Everything about this place is wonderful. It's located off the beaten path in a gorgeous old house. We were welcomed warmly and shown to our table quickly. Our server was genuine and very attentive. We didn't have to wait long for each course, and EVERYTHING tasted delicious. I had the catfish and grits, seafood stuffed eggplant, and creme brûlée from the coolinary menu. So good. Can't wait to go back.Best of the Best! I moved from New Orleans after Katrina, but when I visit, Brigsten's is at the top of my list for high end restaurants. It is always super fresh and super delicious, with a very friendly and helpful wait staff. I read some comments about the dated decor, but that's it's character. It's not a sparkling, new McDonald's. It's old school food, served old school, but in a casual setting. You can get all dressed up, but you don't have to. It's much better than home cooking, but served by your family at home. I give Brigsten's a 5 star, but would prefer a 10 star rating. The file gumbo is perfect, the duck perfection, the garlic laden cochon du lait (pork roast) amazing, fresh fish dishes almost flopping on your plate. New Orleans has many high end restaurants, but none better than Brigsten's, and although it's not cheap, Frank won't take your life savings in return for an awesome dinner. My only complaint is he no longer serves his incredible home made ice cream. They no longer have a freezer, but how much fresher can you get?This restaurant is situated in a cute little house.  The crowd seemed to be locals only.  Our waitress was quick to help us and friendly.  I had the Shell Beach diet and it was very good.  I only wish they would have given me a map (as it were), so I could remember what each little plate was.  While the pecan pie wasn't on the menu, when I asked for it, I was able to get it and am I ever glad I did.  The best pecan pie I've ever eaten.  I will now change my own pecan pie recipe to make it more like theirs.  The caramel sauce made me think I'd died and gone to heaven.I will be dreaming about their strawberry shortcake and pecan pie for the rest of my life. This place will exceed your expectations.Best meal I've EVER had! Seafood platter and pecan pie were phenomenal!!! Service was awesome! I'll be back!!!Food was excellent along with the service. Gave that true NOLA ambiance. Everyone in my party agreed would totally recommend this spot to others.i am surprised to find i do not have a review already, and scanning those posted my most essential words would be redundant, therefore i will offer only this small story:
You know that scene in Treme when douchebag davis gets a check and spends it all on the beautiful chef he's douching on by asking her where she wants to dine? 
Well, i've been that douche (kinda) a few times or so, making the same offer of frivolity (all before the show so that Simon guy owes me royalties), and no less than 3 chefs and/or culinary snobs replied without hesitation: "Brigtsen's."  
one more notation of merit, and i know i've typed this sentence somewhere, but almost every single time i have ever dined here there is at least one, sometimes even alone, dining Japanese tourist.  If that is not a universal endorsement of the world's gullet, there isn't one.** 4.5 stars **
SImply the best dining experience in NOLA to date, my last meal there, and what a way to cap the first culinary exposure to this interesting city.  Truly unbelievable that this 20+ year old institution has fewer than 70 reviews.  This family-operated restaurant offers a complete experience encompassing ambience, service, and food, at the level of an upscale white tablecloth restaurant but its easy to believe I dined as a guest in their home.  Although there's no requested attire, this is the kind of place where you may want to dress up a bit.
Coming here involved taking a taxi to uptown.  Across from Dante's Kitchen, another restaurant I want to try but saving for next trip, both are located in an area that seems primarily residential, blending right into the neighborhood.  In fact, Brigtsen's is inside a Victorian cottage, and you really appreciate it when you walk in and find the host desk in the entry hall.  I don't know how many dining areas they have in total, but on the first floor, there were tables set in two adjacent rooms and an extended, enclosed porch area, where we sat by the window.  Simple and warm decor, really like a home.  
The frequently changing menu is simply split into a starter group and entrees, about 10 choices each, and almost as many desserts.  They also offered a very reasonable four-course prix fix menu with some flexibility.  With a bottle of red for the table, our group got down to choosing our dinner after some tips and introductions from staff.  This proved to be both challenging and very enjoyable; there was simply so much we wanted to try.  We could only agree that no duplication was permitted.
When our starters arrived, so too did the food tasting begin, as we sampled each dish, then passed on to the next person.  Excellent all around.  We had tender, delicious rabbit tenderloin, creamy and savory butternut shrimp bisque, crisp tender and rich veal sweetbreads, and smoky gumbo with rabbit and andouille sausage.  Nothing left standing in this round.
On to entrees, we had even better rabbit prepared paneed, a local style that resembles a fried cutlet, a well-made broiled gulf fish, the exciting signature seafood platter, and a disappointing roast duck, the only major low point to the meal.  I love the seafood platter, which looks like its own tasting menu, with 6 items to try, of which 4 out of 6 received rave reviews, particularly the unattractive but improbably tasty baked oyster bienville, grilled drum fish with crawfish, and an amazing take on cornbread, cooked in a ramekin, crusted top over a savory, melting center, shrimp chunks inside and flavored with jalapeño smoked corn butter.  Sauces and accompaniments to the entrees were very good.  I'd point out that this meal gave me some of the best rabbit I've ever had.
There was really no question that dessert was necessary, especially after our server mentioned from the beginning that their pecan pie was fantastic.  And what a pecan pie, the best I ever had, with its crispy crusted top, rich pecan filling, and restrained sweetness, in a marvelous caramel sauce.  They make a satisfying bread pudding, although it was not my favorite one on this trip, and a good eggnog creme brûlée.
This was, from start to finish, a sublime dining experience.  The service deserves special mention; genuinely welcoming, friendly, with a sure hand.  You feel taken care of, and not just by an employee.  I will surely dine here again.This is one of those places that occupies a special place in our heart. It still remains to this day as one of the best meals my fiancé and I have ever had. It really was that amazing.
We went with friends when in town for a wedding and ordered our way around the menu. We all got different things and everybody was thrilled with their choices. I myself had the famous seafood platter and yes, it was sublime. Heavenly, actually.
Everything about Brigtsen's is special. From the friendly, accommodating, and knowledgeable service to the charm of the restaurant itself (it's a cottage and it's adorable) to the absolutely perfect piece of chocolate cake that ended our meal.
There is no way we'll be missing this place next time we're in New Orleans!Amazing food, wonderful little restaurant, great service, and outstanding ambiance.Cute place away from the French Quarter that you should make time for.  A few of us went for dinner and all were happy with our food.  The service was also very good    
Veal parm looked and was delicious allegedly.  The grilled gulf fish was excellent.  Crab crusted flounder and a light lemon sauce.   
Cocktail menu and wine list also had some good options   
The pecan pie was one of the best I have had.   Easily top 3.Terrific traditional slightly over the top Nalwins food.
The gumbo here is the best I've had.
Fried soft shell crab with pecans - awesome.
Triple tail with crab crust - a bit over the top for me but terrific.
Rabbit - very good.
Pecan pie - awesome, not gooey and crispy pecans on top.  Best I've had.
Tres Leche - amazing.
Great service.
Decent wine list.
The restaurant is in an old house and charming.If you are looking for a real New Orleans experience consisting of fabulous food,  friendly efficient  staff, and the quaintness of the city's architecture you should visit Brigtsen's.  Many new restaurants are opening  in New Orleans.  People tend to forget the ones that are responsible for our reputation as the greatest city for food.
 We had the soft shell crab and it was the absolute best I've ever eaten with a pecan meinure sauce.  The duck was incredible, and the gulf fish WOW!  For dessert we had Frank's famous(for a good reason) pecan pie -"We have been before and will continue to visit.  This restaurant is one of my top recommendations. A must tryBest dinner in New Orleans. The service was amazing - Jennifer took her time with us and was happy to answer all out questions (some unrelated to dinner). The shrimp remoulade was spectacular, served with creamy deviled eggs and the perfect amount of creole mustard. Produce was all fresh, local and of top quality. My husband had the pork chop, perfectly cooked, instead of being chewy it was like biting into bread pudding. Melt in your mouth perfection. The tuna was also cooked to order and accompanied by the yummiest, creamiest potatoes. All around great experience. Local charm and flavors.Food is prepared perfectly and presented artistically.  The best in New Orleans, in my opinion.  The locate is in an old house, and the staff makes you feel like a long-lost good friend come to visit.  If you dining alone you still feel included and welcome, and this makes this place exceptional, because few restaurants can pull this off.  It is a long-haul from the central tourist areas, but well worth the trip.Really nice, small restaurant. It's divided up into individual rooms for a more private dining experience. Great acoustics, so it's not too loud to hear each other talk. Also the food tasted really good. I had grouper with crab meat, asparagus, and fingerling potatoes. My human had the lamb with rosemary, grits, and vegetables. Our appetizer of barbecue shrimp was spectacular. They even came pre-peeled and deveined. I've never done so little work for barbecue shrimp before! 
Dessert was a cafe au lait creme brulee. It tasted much more coffee-tastic than I expected, which was nice. It tasted good.Not much to fault here at all - awesome all round New Orleans dining experience. If the crawfish are in season you need to find them on the menu and get some in front of you! Great for a group (as we did, 6 of us) or a couple.Modern Creole fare served in a cozy Victorian-cottage setting * Chef Frank Brigtsen was listed as one of  the Top Ten New Chefs in America by Food & Wine Magazine when he first opened his restaurant and also won the coveted James Beard Award for Best Chef in the South/Southeast (among the highest honors in the American culinary arts) (and has been a finalist six other times). Chef Frank is highly acclaimed and is consistently rated in top and superior rankings on almost every list of best restaurants in New Orleans. One of their specials is a delux not to be missed inventive seafood platter featuring several seafood offerings of the day. This is a fabulous small family fun restaurant where most employees never quit so that says a lot about the pleasure of dining. Plus they pool tips so you do not have to find your personal waitress when wanting or needing attention.
723 Dante St, New Orleans, LA 70118 (504) 861-7610
www.brigtsens.comI want to preface this that I do not write this without first writing the restaurant and receiving a response which my wife and I consider insufficient and practically defiant. I'll do my best to be factual only. 
We went there to celebrate on a Saturday evening at 6:15. After we entered, several employees walked by without greeting us and the host stand was not occupied. We waited approximately 2-3 minutes before the hostess appeared and put her hand in the air in a questioning gesture without saying anything to us. We were right on time for our reservation that we had confirmed earlier. In that moment, I felt forced to explain who we were and our reservation time. The hostess gave us a choice of tables. The waitress was prompt and friendly. We ordered drinks and appetizers. My sweetbreads were not what I think were either fresh or cooked well. I have cooked them and ordered them in the past. After we ordered, the waitress came to say that crab meat was unavailable for my wife's topping and would she accept shrimp instead. She said yes. My dinner came first by itself. 1 or 2 minutes later the waitress brought my wife's dinner--which had the wrong sauce topping-- a meuniere sauce--not a lemon cream sauce. She did get the shrimp. After clarifying, the waitress brought it back--2 more times. The waitress offered her another opportunity to order something else and she opted for another appetizer. By this time I had finished my pork chop which was sufficient, but didn't rise to the level of a restaurant of that caliber, in my opinion. The hostess remained distant and almost unapologetic. The waitress came to offer us free dessert at the end of the meal. We declined and didn't want to spend any more time there. 
We go to nice restaurants--we've had great service and meals at K-Paul's, Coquette, La Petite Grocery, Dick and Jenny's and Clancy's as well as August and Herbsaint. This may have been an aberration for this restaurant, however, we will not be going back. There are too many great restaurants in New Orleans.We were excited to eat at Brigtsen's given all the glowing reviews here and on other food sites.  
We were underwhelmed:  Nothing--except the pureed potatoes--was bad, but all of it was very average.  The salad, which was far too large for a starter salad was nothing that you couldn't easily make at home yourself.  Both of the fish dishes--the broiled Gulf Fish (which was Sheep Head) and the pan-fried flounder were fine, if over-sauced.  The potatoes, which came with both dishes, would have made an excellent adhesive.
The desserts, coconut bread pudding and double chocolate cake, were fine, but certainly nothing special and the portion size of the chocolate cake was monstrous. (For some this may be a great thing, but nobody really needs a quarter of a cake for dessert.)  
The service was odd--not friendly, but not exactly rude.  Perfunctory, maybe.  We, too, sat in the front room and had the pleasure of listening to a table of regulars who referred to the waitress by her first name, and who boasted of "eating through the menu" many, many times.  And I think that's why this place is popular:  It's familiar and, if you're a regular, very friendly and comfortable.  If you're not a regular, or not from New Orleans the experience isn't worth the prices.  It's possible to eat much better in NOLA for much less.We ate here on a Tuesday night, granted, and while the service and atmosphere lived up to Brigtsen's formidable reputation, the food did not.  Both the duck and the veal had been cooked, overcooked, then microwaved, and our bread pudding, while delicious, also had been microwaved needlessly.  Both dishes were overly salty, and lacked all freshness and flavor.
I hope this was merely a bad night in the kitchen, but I'm not sure I will go back.  These days, one cannot afford to waste money on a bad meal.
If Frank is on vacation, he needs to come back and whip that line into shape!Food was great. Service was great. This place has some great New Orleans dishes. Veal and oysters can't go wrongThe service is truly outstanding here in every way. I can't say enough about that; really. The food is very, very good but admittedly just shy of truly amazing. I would rate the food at about 8.5/10 and the service at 10/10. I would definitely go back and try other food options as there are many things to try and to me service is very important when choosing a restaurant.Extraordinary quality and class. The restaurant itself is in an old house, and our servers were cheery and cheeky. The menu is a bit pricey, but the chef's creations are exquisite. I had been to Brigsten's once before, and their seafood sampler platter had left such an impression on me that when I returned to New Orleans on a business trip one year later, I went out of my way to dine here again. Their pecan pie is incomparable. You'll spend a pretty penny but this meal is worth every cent.One of the long-time places that I've been meaning to check out is Brigtsen's in the Uptown Riverbend area. I've heard a lot of good things about it, and they all proved true. Another excellent old New Orleans style place with amazing food.
I made reservations for 8 p.m. on a Friday with three days advance notice, so not that difficult to get in. The atmosphere is old New Orleans, a little stuffy. You definitely need to dress up; not sure if there's an actual dress code, but you should look right to go here. It's Mardi Gras season, so they had some fun Mardi Gras music playing, but very low volume. Being in an old house essentially, it has multiple rooms, but the room we were in had space (tables not stuffed next to each other). For atmosphere, I'll give it a 23 out of 30.
The service was excellent. I believe co-owner Marna was the one who greeted us (could be wrong on that), but she was very friendly and even dancing a bit in her mardi gras outfit. We arrived about 7:40 for the 8 p.m. reservation and waited at seats in a little hallway for about 15 minutes. We had a little delay in putting our food order in, but really no issue at all. The food came relatively quickly and the waitress was there when we needed anything without being over-bearing. I'll give them an 18 out of 20 in service.
The food was also excellent. I definitely recommend the seafood platter. It is a big dish that includes two different baked oysters, a good-sized piece of drum almondine, a nice plump scallop, shrimp cornbread and some interesting cole slaw. Slid all-around. The tuna was also good, but had a large amount of sauce/salsa. Probably too much of that, but still tasty. Prices are high (approaching $30 for most entrees), so be ready for that. You're at a high end restaurant, you're going to pay high-end prices. Out of 50 points in food, I'm giving Brigtsen's a 42, which is very high for me!
Final score = 83. (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).Brigtsen's is a favorite of mine. It is located in a tiny shogun style house on a side street in the "Riverbend" area of New Orleans. The experience is very similar to eating in someone's home in New Orleans. It is an intimate setting where staff and patrons must yield to each other to navigate the tight spaces. 
It is pricy, so I cannot afford to eat here all the time, but the food is always excellent and the desserts are fantastic; especially the pecan pie and lemon icebox creme brûlée.  If you think you see or think you are seated near  someone famous at Brigtsen's it may be true as I hear it is a favorite of the rich and famous, as well as, locals like myself. 
There is no parking lot so you should bike or walk if you live close. If not, you park in the neighborhood or use a ride-sharing app.We were originally going to go to Dante's across the street, but liked the menu here better.
The atmosphere is amazing; it's literally like walking into a friend's house, with different dining areas in each room. It was very romantic and upscale without being stuffy.
I started with the crawfish etouffe with a pepper biscuit which was out-of-this-world amazing. Then I went for the Seafood Platter which was really good, with the Jalapeno Shrimp cornbread being the best thing. For dessert, we shared the white chocolate creme brulee which was tasty though I'm not really a fan of white chocolate. My wife loved it.
A note for vegetarians: my wife doesn't really eat seafood so we asked if the chef could accommodate her and he ended up making a grilled artichoke and eggplant dish that she absolutely loved.We dined here for our anniversary while visiting NO. What a fabulous meal! I had fresh  green salad, soft shell crab with meunière sauce, whipped potatoes and veggies. The combination of flavors so was so delicious.Husband had soft shell shrimp appetizer! Awesome! Seafood platter for entree which he raved about. Our waitress was delightful and so informative about dishes. Her dessert suggestion was my favorite our entire trip! Strawberry shortcake with blueberries. I wish I had some now!! So fun and what a memorable meal!Farm Fresh & Local Louisiana culinary delights! You can't ask for anything better than that. Try something you cannot cook yourself or get the ingredients for if you're an out-of-towner. Shrimp Remoulade, Sea Scallops, BBQ Shrimp, to start... it only gets better from there! As with any above average restaurant in New Orleans it's always better to go with a couple of people who enjoy tasting many different menu items. Order a couple appetizers, etc and share a couple of main dishes as you would dessert. You'll be glad you did. If you were at my table you wouldn't have a choice...ha ha! It's a bit pricey but well worth it! It's a neat lil area of town uptown next to the river. Go early, take the streetcar and walk a bit of the weather is nice.Pecan pie is top 5 desert on earth.. Pecan gulf fish is some next level food..the appetizer shredded pork, shrimp and scallops were really good..soft warm bread also..chef created a vegetarian dish that wasn't on the menu and it was great..nice environment..worth every dollar and time spent..must go to if in Nola and really just in generalMy partner and I ate at Brigtsen's on 2/23/13 while visiting New Orleans.  We let our server know that we were celebrating our recent engagement and the whole staff was wonderful and attentive.  They came to our table, and asked all about our story and where we were from.  Overall, they made us feel very welcome.
The atmosphere in Brigtsen's is very quaint, and the dining areas are literally rooms within a row house, but the setup belies one of the best meals we have had in years.
I had the seafood platter, which was amazing!  The crawfish cornbread was out of this world, as was all the other fish that was part of the dish (oysters rockefeller, lump crab meat, catfish, etc).  My partner had the yellowfin tuna, which was, hands down, the best tuna I have ever had.  The seasoning and sauce were very rich, and the portion was generous.  As an appetizer, we had a seafood gratin dish, which may have raised our cholesterol levels by 10 points, but was well worth it! 
The service was impeccable and the staff were warm and made it a very personal experience for us.  I highly recommend Brigtsen's!This was a wonderful meal- I loved the ambience of the house and the cozy interior. The BBQ shrimp appetizer was delicious, as well as my entree of the catch of the day, which was redfish. Overall, an outstanding dining experience with excellent service.We sat in the hall. It's like flying first class without the engine noise. The three dining rooms and the front porch are nice, but the hall is nice too, and the hall is very quite by comparison. And of course the service and the food is excellent.One of my favorites anywhere. Chef Frank Brigtsen consistently delivers the goods. I cannot go to New Orleans without eating here. The butternut shrimp bisque is just nirvana in a bowl, plus he shares the actual recipe online. Chef Frank made me a total duck snob too, his is my favorite anywhere. I LOVE how the duck skin is fried crispy. At this point, I usually go all-in and get dessert, even though of course I'm already full. The sorbets are usually perfect as a sampler, a scoop of each.One of the best culinary experiences I've had in a long time.  Worth every penny.
The simple atmosphere of the cottage house adds to the dining experience, and is the perfect ambiance for duck and pistachio pate (savory, elegant, delicious, outstanding accompaniments) and pulled pork with corn macque choux griddlecake (smoky, melt-in-your-mouth, not to be missed).  The broiled Gulf fish that I ordered as my entree was delectable in a very indulgent way that somehow did not veer off into perilous "too rich" territory, and remembering it's careful richness makes my culinary heart skip a beat this sunny Boston afternoon, so far from the bayou.  
Our server seemed to consider our dining party in a way not reminiscent of the customer is always right...however, I loved the quality and deliciousness of the food she served us, creating a lasting feeling of comfort and hospitality that erased what wasn't there.My husband surprised me for my birthday and took me to this superb restaurant. I ordered a Chocolate Martini and hubby ordered a Long Island Tea. The martini ended up being vodka and Creme de Cocao..very good, as was the Long Island.   BBQ Shrimp was our appetizer, it was very tasty..I had the Seafood Platter and my husband had the Blackened Yellowfin Tuna. Both were absolutely delicious. Our waitress, Mignon was informative, attentive and all around fabulous. In fact the entire staff was delightful and each and everyone wished me a happy birthday. We truly enjoyed ourselves there, and I'm looking forward to our next visit which will be very soon.Chef Frank I LOVE YOU! After I learned of Chef Frank's colleague's, who he trained under, how he gives back to the community, my appreciation for him grew even more. 
French Quarter Customer Service has really gone downhill. At Brigtsen's, they show you love as soon as you walk in. We were greeted with a big smile and a warm welcome. This is a small converted home with several intimate rooms and corners near the River Bend (literally). 
Since there are enough fabulous reviews here, praising the food, making your mouth water, I'll just agree with how fabulous his cooking is and move on. Don't get me wrong, I love his food. But I also want to focus on the attention we were given. After Katrina, Service in town has dwindled. But not here. It's family run, more or less in a  very professional manner. What is a great dining experience? Yes the Food but the Service too. 
Thank you Chef Frank and your fabulous Team for making our dining experience simply outstanding.Hubby, our friends & I went
I didn't eat as wasn't feeling well 
They loved their food
Husband ate lamb shank
Friend ate duck with cherrie glaze 
Other friend had veal with pastaThis place is New Orleans through and through. Southern charm and hospitality. Polish without Pretension. Food that represents the best of a culture. The Brigtsens' have persevered and succeeded in one of the most competitive dining scenes in the country while surviving the worst Mother Nature could offer. And in doing so, have become an iconic restaurant in a city of iconic restaurants.
The restaurants fills a small house. Tables are tight and nearby conversations can be lively, especially among the regulars that return here time after time.
We had come directly from the St. Patrick's Day parade adorned in beads and beer. The hostess smiled and welcomed us in. We began with cocktails, then shrimp bisque, the special salad of the evening, two orders of crab crusted flounder and finished with pecan pie swimming in a pool of caramel sauce. Whew! What can you say when everything is that good. I was even able to bump into Frank himself in the hallway and he smiled and thanked us from coming.
It was a perfect visit.My wife and I had a reservation on a Friday night at 7:45.  We got there at 7:30 and we were seated right away.  The building is over 100 years old and is very small.  There are tables in 3 rooms, the sun room and even the hallway.  
The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Service was very prompt and professional.
My wife had the gumbo as an appetizer and I had the shrimp and grits.  The shrimp and grits were fantastic, but we were both a little disappointed in the gumbo.  Maybe it was just not what we were expecting.  The gumbo rue was great, but the overall flavor was different, not bad, but different.
For the entree, we had seafood stuffed eggplant and cochon du lait.  Both were excellent.  I really enjoyed the cornbread dressing with the pork.
For dessert, we split the peach bread pudding.  It had just the right sweetness and was a great end to a great meal.  
The place is small and intimate.  It can be a little loud.  There is not much room between tables.  Some people were dressed up and some were casual.  I even saw one gentleman in shorts and flip flops.
Reservations are pretty much required, especially on the weekend.  There are a few two person tables in the hall if you have a twosome, but again, you will be in the hall.
You have to park on the street and was a little, but it is worth it.The best pecan pie ever!! Love this little house-turned-restaurant. Food is out of this world. Just don't order le lapin. Rabbits are not meant to be eaten. I had a chef's specially prepped vegetable lasagna...mmm mmm good. Embience and service are outstanding. Cannot wait to go back.Oh Brigstens how I love you, let me count the ways... I found myself at Brigstens for a large work dinner, and oh-my-gosh was it a delectable experience. I unfortunately cannot comment on the appetizers or desserts, because their gluten/dairy free options were pretty limited the night I was there; however, our waitress was very helpful. She made a point to tell me all the ingredients, offered suggestions, and even recommendations based on the gluten/dairy free options. The duck was absolutely incredible! I left there wishing I could have ordered a plate to go for lunch the next day. Truly a must try place in NOLA! The location is a bit funky and parking can be a huge pain in this part of town, but it is worth it. The ambiance in the restaurant is very homey with guests seated in different small rooms. It's not a huge place, so reservations are recommended!Greeted with warmth and welcomed even though I had no reservation.  Very cute and romantic atmosphere, even though I was alone.  :-). Fresh warm bread with fresh butter was amazing!!  Had the seafood plate which was over all a very good dish.Took the street car and walked two blocks to Brigtsen's which is located in an older home that was elegantly but simply decorated.  Our waitress was great and very personable.  We had the deviled eggs which was OK. But my roast duck was fabulous.  Great with the cherry sauce.  The stir fried veggies that came with it were good too.  Pecan pie was great.  
I'd eat here again.  For sure.The sauce and veggies paired with the seared tuna at Brigsten's makes for one of my favorite dishes world wide.  We make reservations anytime we crave the Tuna and have something to celebrate :DMy husband and I ended up here after another restaurant didn't work out. We came in with no reservation, we chose it based on the Yelp reviews. When we walked in the hostess was very friendly and accommodating even though they had a full house. We had a nice table in the corridor that was like our own private dining experience. The wait staff could not have been nicer. They explained they all worked together so we had a few different servers during our dinner. It was true southern hospitality. I've never had service so friendly. 
We tried the soft shell crab appetizer, which was very good.  I had the duck, which was cooked better than most places. It was barely greasy inside and the skin was nice and crisp.  I absolutely loved the dirty rice and vegetables were not overlooked like most places. My husband had veal Parmesan and the sauce was very well done. We saw the chef walk around a few times which was pretty neat. I would highly recommend this place for dinner!Food was awesome!  Hubby had the pork chop and I had the pan fried fish (which happened to be my favorite...flounder). It was all delicious. If I had to say anything negative, it would be on my creme brûlée. I got the eggnog flavor and it had all spice in it. I don't like all spice. That's not their fault...the chocolate cake looked amazing. The atmosphere is quaint and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. Was nice to eat outside the quarter and try something different. Thanks to Yelp reviews, we had a hit!  I highly recommend.This place is off the hinges. The food is terrific we had seafood platter some fish and the incredible special softshell crab they treat you so wonderfully and it is like eating in someone's home as it is just three small dining rooms in an old house.  The sazerac was incredible too what is it down there do I go to the wrong bars or do they just have a way w/ cocktails down there? I hope to be back again but damn there are so many good restaurants in Nawlins it seems like you need to try a few and not go back to the same place all the time. I'm just sayin'...  
Top Ten New Chefs in America-Food & Wine Magazine-1988
Chef of the Year-New Orleans Magazine-1994, Best Chef: Southeast  James Beard Awards - 1998 
pure foodie heaven and esp for someone like me who doesn't eat meat other than poultry and seafood and fish.  The seafood is to die for!!!i have been dying to try brigtsen's since a co-worker has been raving about how wonderful this restaurant is. after months of reading reviews and studying the menu, a friend finally made reservations for us!
brigtsen's is a very small, but quaint restaurant. as soon as i stepped foot into the restaurant, i couldn't help but feel home-y. the extremely friendly staff made us feel very welcomed! 
let's get to the good stuff, the food. only one word can sum up our dinner. perfect. the food was delicious! very rich and flavorful! being raised in new orleans, seafood platter usually means fried seafood. at brigtsen's, the seafood platter DOES NOT consist of anything fried. it is a must if you're planning to dine at this marvelous restaurant!
brigtsen's is definitely recommended for any special occasion. i cannot wait to try this place again!I'm being pretty generous here!  I love food.  In particular, I love traditional New Orleans and Cajun and Creole cuisine, but this is sub-par and ridiculously overpriced considering!!! I gave it two chances and about $200 leaving me thoroughly dissatisfied.  I've met locals who love it and it's obviously rated well, but I really wonder how this is so.
I've tried four or five different dishes.  If you're going to eat here, I recommend the alligator and andouille gumbo.  The soft shell crab was greasy.  The rabbit appetizer tasted like a terribly fried piece of chicken (and yes, I love good rabbit).  The seafood platter has a few good notes, but most of it was over-salted and the fish was severely overcooked.  They had a veal special that sounded amazing, but was just a terrible version of veal parmegianne with a ridiculously thick coating of breading. The best thing I've had by far was the dessert.  It was in fact the best tres leches I've ever had with wonderful notes of pineapple.Came here Saturday for girls night dinner.  Great wine and the food was exceptional.  My best friend and I split veal Parmesan.  Probably the best I had ever had.  The service was great, too.  Frank the owner came up to the table and introduced himself.  top notch.  I can't wait to go back!Well, let's see, you walk into a renovated house and in the "lobby"/foyer on the left-hand side hangs a James Beard Award. But for more detail:
We went the day before New Year's Eve. We were going to go on New Year's Eve but the prix fix menu was a little out of our price range ($150 per person). So we opted to go the day before and ended up spending about that much for the two of us. That included the four course Reveillon menu, two glasses of Zinfandel and one cup of Earl Grey tea.
I'm not going delve into the taste profiles of every dish or my sheer satisfaction of the seared pork (I'm a vegetarian, but will try a well prepared bite of meat on a special occasion), I will just tell you to go. Go and experience really good food prepared by a local chef born, raised and educated in Louisiana.
I gave it four stars because I wasn't "awed" by the desserts. Although good and satisfying... just couldn't stand up to the other courses.Top 5 memorable meals in all my years.
We ate here years ago and desperately wanted to return to Brigtsen's during our recent return to NOLA but we couldn't get in. So as I write reviews for all our recent meals I felt compelled to write this long delayed review. 
Honestly I don't recall any exact dish we had. No surprise but that has diminished, but the total sensory eclipse is still crystal clear.
Hopefully your still there when we return in a few years.A quaint restaurant in an area outside central NOLA.  The food is amazing as is the service.  Would recommend the Veal Sweetbreads, and Gumbo for appetizers.  I had the Seafood Platter which was fantastic.  Save room for dessert.I decided to try this place for my birthday dinner. The food was good service could have been better.All-time favorite. I live in Chicago, but adore New Orleans. This is a must-visit restaurant. And make reservations well in advance. The service, ambiance, drinks and of course the food, have always been perfection. It's a bit off the beaten path (from the Quarter) but worth the trek for sure. Pricey, yes. But absolutely worth it. I recommend it to anyone I know visiting NOLA. Don't miss out! I dream of this food... Tip: Don't fill up on their wonderful bread. It's easy to do though!Though I've always enjoyed Brigtsen's, I hadn't been there for a while as I live in the French Quarter and just don't get way uptown much for dinner. After the meal I had tonight, tho, I'll be heading Uptown more often.
The meal was amazing, one of the best I've ever had. Started with the Marinated Shrimp Salad with Guacamole, BBQ Tortilla Chips, Covey Rise Farm Tomatoes, & Pickled Sweet Peppers, a perfect combination of textures (crispy, tender, juicy, and however you'd describe guacamole) and tastes (spicy, seafood, veggie fresh). Delicious.
Next was Smoked Pork Chop with Andouille Sweet Potato Hash & Blueberry Cane Vinegar Glaze. The chop was perfectly tender, the hash was an incredible combo and as for the blueberry glaze, I just wanted to rub it all over my body. Or somebody else's body so i could lick it all off. Unreal, the kind of meal you could have once a week. Forever.
Finished with Peach Bread Pudding with Hot Damn! Sauce (which I believe included a shot of cinnamon schnapps). Fresh and refreshing, the way bread pudding should be but rarely is.
As for the service, Brigtsen's is unusual in that they have a wait staff of six who all take care of you, i.e., you don't have one server). This works amazingly efficiently. Even tho I arrived after 9pm and stayed till after 10, everyone was so courteous, efficient, and friendly without being overbearing. Such a pleasure.
Also, even tho I was there late on a Saturday night, everything from bread to every single ingredient seemed so fresh that it was almost as tho I was there at 6pm on a weekday.
After 28 years, Brigtsen's remains one of the very top dining experiences in New Orleans. And at the rate it's going, I expect it will stay that way for another 28. Don't miss it.Seriously, my favorite restaurant on the planet. Everything is perfect!!!  PERFECT!!  I love this place as much as New Orleans itself. Amazing!I can't believe I almost forgot to write this review, it was because I was too enthralled with the food to stop and take photos. 
Brigtsen's was the only restaurant I ate at during my stay that had a bit of a dress code, but business casual was just fine. There was a mix-up over the reservation times, but the hostess was able to seat us early at one of two tables they keep in the hallway for walk-ins. We actually enjoyed the quiet intimacy of these tables better than sitting in the main dining room. Not that the restaurant was overly noisy, but for the conversation we were having it was nicer having a little more privacy. 
The cocktails are delicious, one of the better Pimms Cups I've had in the city. 
The BBQ shrimp are also the best I've ever had, anywhere. My dinner partner had never had this dish in NOLA, and was used to what everyone else considers BBQ shrimp. No, it's not hot wing buffalo sauce, it's not some thick molasses based job you'd slather on ribs. It's delicate while also being aggressively spiced, complex and warm. It will make you moan, and we wiped the plate spotless with our bread. 
For my entree I of course had the seafood platter. Everything was delicious, and while this will sound crazy my favorite things on the plate ended up being the sides- the shrimp cornbread with jalapeno smoked butter and the shrimp slaw. 
Service and ambiance were on point. In terms of more upscale dining options, I think they definitely blew Clancy's out of the water. Just sayin ;)We were seated within ten minutes.  The Revellion Dinner was very very good.  Everything fresh cook perfect.Perfection. My Sweetie took me here for my Birthday, I have been wanting to try it for years. I was not disappointed, the food was exceptional. I had the Seafood Platter " Shell Beach Diet", the most unique seafood platter I have ever had at any restaurant in New Orleans! My Sweetie had Grilled Beef Tournedos with Tasso Marchand du Vin Sauce also amazing! The service was wonderful as well, chef Brigtsen is a doll.Wonderful!  We enjoyed a Coolinary dinner special (appetizer, entree,dessert, coffee).  Couldn't be more pleased with the menu selections, the atmosphere and the staff. A true New Orleans setting.A remodeled shotgun house tucked away in the middle of everything.
I approached my evening at brigtsen's with anticipation as several friends had advised that I had to try it. I began with the shrip and grits and folloeed it up with the paneed rabbit and a creme brulee. I am on a mission to find the best creme brulee in the city...this was not it. The food was prepared well and both the the presention and portion sizes were good.
However the front room we were sat in was small and had a large table in the center with very little room to walk to the restroom. Now tight quarters are something that isn't uncommom in New Orleans eateries as many are like brigtsens in older more historic buildings. Ordinarly this would not be a problem, howere on this night we sat next tl the real house wives of Mandeville who spent the evening ordeting copius amounts of liqour and talking about everyone they could. The room being as small as it it one had no choice but to listen and turthfully I was happy to leave.
Food 4 starsWild Chanterelle Soup with crab meat: perfectly balanced and ridiculously delicious
Gumbo: deep dark roux, smokiness, bits of rabbit, incredible
Soft Shell Crab: enormous, juicy, prepared to perfection
Seafood Platter (Shell Beach Diet): hands-down choice for my last meal
Chef Frank Brigtsen is a master at bringing out the best in Louisiana seafood. His style is restrained and complimentary -- rather than re-inventive. The results are deeply authentic flavors that balance the freshness of his hand-selected local ingredients (the kitchen has neither a freezer nor a microwave). His cooking is neither showy or overbearing, the ingredients are always the star. If you want to taste why this region has some of the best food on Earth, eat at Brigsten's. Chef Frank is our all-time favorite!
Bonus points for super warm, family-oriented service from some of the sweetest staff anywhere.I really liked this little restaurant. We actually came to that end of town to go to another restaurant, but they were on holiday. We got to Brigtsen's door right before they opened. The nice lady let us in and promised us a table.
Our server explained every special in great detail, which I really appreciate. 
Hubby ordered fish and I ordered the duck. He liked his, but said that the fish was over-powered a bit by the strongly flavored sauce. My duck was a tad dry, but overall was pretty tasty. The restaurant reminded me of a place we love in Charolettesville, VA called L'Etoile. It's in an old home and people are seated in different rooms. It's a lovely old southern setting and very romantic with soft lighting.
Okay, so we were pretty stuffed and somehow, our lovely server talked me into the pecan pie. Almost every restaurant in NOLA tells you that their pecan pie is the best. I reluctantly ordered one to go. She told me that it would make a great midnight snack.
I opened it much later in the evening when we got back to our room.
Even though it had been chilled and it wasn't so pretty anymore, IT WAS THE BEST DAMN PECAN PIE I HAVE EVER HAD, HANDS DOWN. I loved the pie so much, that when we ate at Dante's the next evening (which is conveniently located across the street-wink wink), I went over and got another one and enjoyed it all over again!
I would definitely go there again, given the opportunity.If you are going back and forth about grabbing a meal here, call your Uber/lyft or hop in your car and go! (Well call first to see if they're busy and if not head over or just see if you can make a same day reservation) Everything about this restaurant is fabulous. Seriously, the hostess, servers, and the food exceeded every expectation had. Try the butternut squash/shrimp bisque, white gulf fish, & the PECAN PIE (you'll thank me later)!!!!The finest meal you will have in New Orleans!
Chef Frank Brigtsen, his wife Marna and her sisters created a treasure in New Orleans.  We've been dining there for decades.  The food is phenominal! You will feel as if you are eating in someone's home and the dishes will delight you.  The best seafood prepared by one incredible Chef!  Amazing food, terrific service --- could go on and on.One of my fondest memories in New Orleans is returning to the city in January 2006 after Katrina, and dining at Brigtsen's for my first meal, since it had been what I so desperately craved while stranded in Texas for four months. Just after we walked in, our waitress gave each of us a hug. It was a moment that was full of emotion and really spoke to the type of people who work there and the type of city New Orleans is. I'll never forget that.
We had discovered Brigtsen's in 2004 or early 2005 as undergrads at Tulane, and used to enjoy the prix fixe special on Tuesdays that made this type of dining possible. We've continued to come back, as it's a great place to bring visitors and to dine at for special occasions. The atmosphere is small and homey (literally), but it's unlike anything I've experienced. As I noted above, the service is incredibly hospitable. To me, it says a lot that as college kids, we were always treated with respect, which isn't true of other fine dining experiences I've had in New Orleans.
From start to finish, the food is expertly prepared and incredibly delicious. I don't think you can go wrong with a single item on the menu, although my favorite is the pork with dirty rice. The tournedos are also excellent.
Call ahead for a reservation, as dining in the small restaurant can be competitive. You're in for a real treat.A wonderful restaurant in a historic home. Our waitress Jan was fantastic and really made our night special. She loves her job and it shines out of her. The food is creative southern home cooking that is delicious. It was our first dinner on our trip and we had to compare all other meals to this. Most did not come close! The tables are in all of the homes various rooms and are tight together but it is so charming and such a nice atmosphere it didn't bother us. The shrimp bisque and the Cochon du lair were standouts. We were too full for dessert (sadly) but they had so many yummy sounding things to choose from. This is one restaurant that we would go back to because their menu changes and it was such an enjoyable place to have dinner. Go and enjoy!!!!Delightful home with a cozy feel. Very friendly service and reasonable prices. Great appetizers and some very interesting entreesI read some reviews about Brigsten's a few weeks prior to our trip to NOLA.  I was so excited when I called and was able to secure a dinner reservation for last Thursday evening.  The restaurant is situated in an old house that has been transformed into a restaurant.  
We were fortunate enough to be seated in the front room of the restaurant where we there were only 2 tables.  The restaurant was nice and quiet inside which is perfect if you are interested in having conversation with other folks in your party.  This meal was so memorable because of the decadent food and attentive service.  Also, we were seated next to another lovely couple who we talked with the entire evening.  
For starters, the wife and I shared rabbit tenderloin and gumbo.  I wasn't expecting the rabbit to be fried, but it was still very good.  The gumbo took the prize for best appetizer though.  Actually, it may have been one of the best things we ate our entire trip.  The rue was extremely dark, and consisted of very little rice.  What put it over the top was a combination of smoked duck breast and rabbit.  Absolutely to die for!  
For the main course, my wife had a gulf grouper with a Parmesan crab encrusting.  It was served with roasted potatoes (which were bland) and a delicious squash pasta.  I was torn on what to order, but decided on the roasted duck with cornbread stuffing and gravy and a medley of mixed grilled vegetables.  The duck and cornbread stuffing were fantastic.  The vegetables were good, but kind of seemed out of place.... they didn't compliment the main course very well.
 I'm normally not a dessert fan, but my wife and I shared a piece of pecan pie in caramel sauce.  Let's just say, it was worth the calories!
Pros: Gumbo, Pecan pie, and I don't think you can go wrong with any main course
Cons: A couple of things seemed out of place... ie the potatoes on my wife's dish and the vegetables on mine were not memorable.I'd rate 85%
This is probably my favorite traditional, unpretentious Creole & southern style cooking restaurant to date.  It's by no means complex, but it is extremely satisfying well prepared cuisine. 
***Short Review
Food here is very consistently good and the portions are generous.
I recommend the roasted duck, and shrimp butternut squash bisque in particular.
The value is very reasonable.
Ambiance is comfortable and relaxing.
Service is a above average.
Reservations are certainly advised a bit ahead of time
***Extended Review 
I've come here twice so far, once approximately three years ago in late 2007, and recently again in our holiday vacation in 2010.
Consistency between our fist visit and that of our last was there.
Anyhow, on our latest visit, my GF and I ordered several dishes to share.
We started out with their Shrimp Remoulade, a cup of shrimp & butternut squash bisque, their roasted duck, and their seafood platter.  
Let me add that the food here is a bit on the heavier side, and the portions are fairly generous.  It's very tempting to order too much, because the menu looks so much fun.  By the end of the meal, unfortunately we were too full to order dessert.
Shrimp Remoulade was refreshing appetizer.  It came with some delicious slaw, guacamole, and deviled eggs.  The flavors worked very well, offered some play in textures.  Solid.  This is a good way to progress towards some of our heavier dishes.
Shrimp Butternut Squash bisque was truly amazing!  This was one of the better soups I've had in a while.  Flavors of the fish & squash work very well.  It's a bit thicker than average, and may work great as a meal in itself as a bowl.  If you plan to have other dishes, this might be better served as a cup instead of as a bowl.  It's served hot in temperature.  Oh and Brigsten's also has this recipe on their site, although I haven't tried it yet.
Roasted duck with cornbread dressing and brown sauce (Roux?) here is very awesome.  I like the fact that duck thighs and legs are used here as opposed to the duck breast.  The meat is very tender, and flavorful.  It works great in a simple way with the cornbread dressing and brown sauce.  Again, there's not a whole lot of complexity here.  It's just cooked flawlessly and hits the spot.  Best dish of our evening it was.
Seafood platter was good, but not great.  You have seafood prepared six ways, using scallop, shrimp, crawfish, oysters, and drum fish.  It's a good way to sample a variety of flavors prepared by the chef.  I was particularly taken by their 'shrimp cornbread' which resembled a souffle and had a fun texture to it.  The shrimp was done great.  I felt their drum fish was slightly overcooked, and their oyster Belville to be unexceptional.  Presentation of the dish was nice.
I enjoyed the ambiance here.  The restaurant is built in a medium size house in a nicer, less commercial neighborhood.  The cooking complements this ambiance to give the diner the feel that they're having a pleasant dinner at a friend's house.  It easy to hold a conversation, and there's plenty of space between tables.
Service is well above average, being attentive, warm, and friendly.  Our dishes came out paced well, without much wait.
Please make reservations at least a few days in advance. 
Will certainly return & highly recommended!My husband and I had the pleasure of dining here by a complete coincidence! 
A local friend recommended a different restaurant around the corner from Brigtsen's for some Cajun/Creole food; however, it was closed the beginning of August! After a quick Yelp search, we came across this restaurant. We decided to have our cab driver take us over. We were NOT disappointed and it was probably one of the best dining experiences we have recently had. 
We were instantly greeted upon entering the beautiful old home which was converted to a restaurant. Although we did not have a reservation, the hostess offered us a cocktail and a seat as we waited for a table to open up. 
The ambiance and wait staff were professional and extremely helpful in providing us with a deliciously balanced meal.  I started with the BBQ New Orleans Shrimp. The sauce was made to order and so tasty! It had just the right amount of heat. My husband had the Butternut Shrimp Bisque. It was so creamy, packed with the sweetness of Butternut squash followed by a zing. My main dish was the Redfish with a Pesto Shrimp Sauce. My husband ordered the Shellfish Diet, a sampling of various seafood. We both cleared our plates. We ended the meal with a lighter than normal Tres Leches cake, due to the coconut milk. 
Overall, a deliciously satisfying meal! We were glad that our original location was closed. Next time we are in NOLA, we will HAPPILY return.Best meal of my life -- nothing else to say.Went here with a group of 8 during jazz fest this year. We ordered at least half of the menu and ate everything family style. Everything was great but some dishes that are stuck in my head 6 months later are the fried catfish with grits, rabbit, tuna, scallops, and some incredible soup. The pecan pie, chocolate cake and bread pudding were the icing on our food coma.
We really appreciated the friendly, family atmosphere and we'll definitely be back!For tourists like myself, Brigtsen's is in a section that's a bit of a trek for one without a car, but it's soo worth the trip. It's a short walk from the St. Charles Streecar in a residential area.  The restaurant appears to be a converted house which makes it a bit intimate, but the noise is fine.
The BBQ shrimp appetizer was absolutely wonderful.  We soaked up every bit of sauce with the crusty bread.  I ordered the seafood platter which gave me a variety of tastes of the Gulf's bounty. My wife ordered a pork chop smothered with debris sauce. It was pork on pork with pork on the side (the greens had pork too).  Absolutely divine.  We finished up with the pecan pie which had wonderfully roasted nuts ground to a texture reminiscent of baklava on a crust of ethereal lightness. The caramel sauce was wonderfully rich and smokey as though the chef wanted to wring every bit of flavor without burning it.  If we had more bread, we probably would have soaked up the caramel with that too since licking the plate would probably have been gauche.Ok, I had heard that the food here was great, but I must disagree. Neither me or my gf thought the food was all that. I thought my seafood was average at best. However the saving grace of the whole meal was the pecan pie! Delicious is an understatement, it was the best I've ever had. 
Overall it is very expensive for average food. But if you decide to go be sure to stay for desert and get the pecan pie!Home to probably the best sweetbreads dish in town.  Last ate there almost two years ago and that dish still stands out.I've been seeking the greatest New Orleans meal for most of my life, and nothing has ever topped Brigtsen's. Chef Frank Brigtsen is a local legend at this point, but as far as I know he personally writes a revised menu every day and cooks the food himself. His commitment to the place shows. Its the little details of quality -- from the absolutely phenomenal seafood bisques to the tuna steaks to the "seafood platter" to the veal dishes and on and on -- that really make this the best little restaurant in town. And it gives any of the big restaurants a run for their money, too. It's also extremely convenient to the Tulane/Loyola area.With my future in-laws in town, my fiance and I booked a reservation at Brigtsen's -- the Yelp reviews were amazing and we thought it could have the potential to be a great wedding reception venue.
... unfortunately not.  Compared to the previous night's meal at Cafe Atchafalaya, the food was okay at best.  The appetizers of the BBQ shrimp and shrimp remoulade were both deemed very good by the men at the table.  The ladies had salads, which were fine and light (though we both ate around the pickled red onions).
Two of us ate pork chops, which were well overcooked (as were the sweet potatoes) and the cornbread stuffing tasted burnt.  The Duck was deemed okay, but "nothing I can't get in Indiana."  The mashed sweet potatoes that accompanied it were delicious and the dirty rice was deemed "quite good."  
The desserts were the best part of the meal, though the pecan pie that everyone raves about tasted burned (as did the caramel sauce).  The chocolate cake was dry, but the creme brulee's (cafe au lait & lemon with berries-- though called "lemon with mixed berries" it was in fact lemon with a single strawberry on top).  
The service was fine (and as would be expected) for the fine dining experience, and we definitely felt like outsiders in the restaurant, as the host made her way around the room talking to all of her friends.
Given the history of the owner and chef, we expected a wonderful and truly exciting dining opportunity, and were quite let down with the results.  In the future-- I'd pass for any of the other dozens of fine dining places in the city.I had the pleasure of having dinner here when I was in town for a conference, but had a day to hang out with a relative, who is a local, for the day before the conference started.  We were greeted at the door by the chef, which is not something I think I've ever experienced anywhere else!   Seriously, he wasn't just hanging out up front all evening, he was back in the kitchen too, but this is a very, small place, and most of the regulars in the restaurant seemed well acquainted with the chef-owner.   
The food was amazing!  I had the gulf fish, which tonight was grouper.  It was absolutely delicious!  The fish was cooked perfectly, and everything that accompanied the fish complimented nicely without overpowering.  I also tried some of my cousin's shrimp bisque which was rich, and delicious as well!   We shared a slice of the house made pecan pie with caramel sauce.   The pie was delicious with a perfect flaky crust, and was filled with fresh pecans.   As for the sauce...wow, it is not often that I use a spoon to scoop up the rest of a sauce on the plate, but I did so this time!   
The atmosphere is delightful; the restaurant is in a converted house, so each room has an intimate feel.  Service was excellent; everyone was friendly and knew the menu well.  If you are in New Orleans for a visit, and have a car, or know someone who does, I'd highly recommend heading here for an excellent dinner!Celebrated our anniversary here. Great service and amazing food. Ordered gulf fish,pecan pie, and chocolate cakeI get down to New Orleans a few times per year for work and have the great pleasure of enjoying many of its finest restaurants  None has been better than Brigtsens.   The homey atmosphere is only topped by the delicious, home-cooked meals.  I loved the crawfish shortcake as an appetizer, although based on the smells coming out of the kitchen, I probably could have ordered any one of about 8 appetizers and been just as happy.  The crawfish was followed by a perfectly cooked rabbit tenderloin, accompanied by creole mustard sauce which was out of this world.  
Even though I was "too full" for dessert, I managed to struggle tthrough a lemon creme brule that was also perfectly balanced.  Wow!  These folks flat-out know how to do it right.  I can't wait to go back.We were lucky to eat here for the first time in August when NO has a culinary menu. Food was filling, very well prepared, and service was superb. Price also very fair. They need stronger IPAs.Nobody can cook fish in a pan like Frank Brigsten.
Some of the most perfectly prepared dishes you will ever eat.
Umm...if you haven't eaten here, stop reading the internets and eat here.Everything was so good.  I don't eat meat or seafood.  They made up the vegetarian chef's special plate.  It was delicious and so much food!  Everyone I was with loved what they ordered too.  Lemon creme brûlée was yummy and the banana bread pudding was cleaned off the plate.This is my favorite restaurant in the world. The food is amazing! The chef is the nicest man. We have taken his cooking class at the New Orleans Cooking Experience and he is so generous with his recipes. You won't be disappointed!WOW.
Perfectly fried catfish, to-die-for duck, tender pork and orgasmically delicious pecan pie. The best I've ever had.  Thank you, Brigtsen's for the SUPERB meal. This was my first time visiting NOLA, and definitely will not be my last.
LOVE LOVE LOVE.An epic meal. . . starting with a succulently dressed house salad at room temperature. . . then half a duck stuffed with cornbread dressing and slathered with narcotically delicious pecan gravy. . . ending with cafe au lait creme brulee and a little single malt. I sampled some yellowfin, some drum fish and some baked oysters. . . all very tasty.
Pleasant homey atmosphere, a hidden gem away from all of the tourist brouhaha, and attentive service to our large group. I am already salivating at the prospect of my next visit.Hands down one of the best meals I've ever had in Nola. I had the gumbo as an appetizer and it was great. The redfish entree did not disappoint. Definitely the most skillfully cooked redfish I've had. The seasoning was perfect. I had the bread pudding for dessert and it was so delightful. This place is definitely a little tucked away gem.updated: Jan 2010
Turtle Soup = one of the most ridiculously delicious things I've ever tasted.
Baked Oysters, 3 ways = Mother of god, this is just not possible.
The service = the world's sweetest servers, totally on it, and fun to banter with too.
Love this place.  For years.I was looking forward to eating here, especially because it was a semifinalist for a James Beard for Outstanding Service. I made a reservation the day before, but alas, when we arrived, the hostess had put my reservation day down for the wrong day. Instead of trying to accomodate us anyway, we were turned away. I've never had that happen, have any of you? 
My parents were in town, and my father is very particular about service, which is why  I thought Brigtsen's was a great choice. We were very disappointed to be left stranded.Celebrated our 11th anniversary with dinner at Brigtsen's last night.  The restaurant is in an older house and the minute you walk in, you feel right at home!  We had a spectacular server, Ruben!  We both decided to go with the Coolinary menu, which they extended through September (lucky us)!  We both started with the catfish and grits.  Both were cooked to perfection!  I went with the seafood stuffed eggplant and my husband chose the grilled redfish.  Although I liked my choice better, the redfish was also great!  The final course was dessert!!  I asked Ruben for a recommendation because all of the options were so good, I just couldn't decide!!!  Upon his suggestion, I went with the pecan pie and it absolutely did not disappoint!!  I could've licked the caramel off the plate  My husband went with the bread pudding du hour, which was banana and walnut.  He loved it!  We are already planning our next dinner there because everything on the menu looked amazing!!!!  I do also want to note that the servers here truly work as a team and all seemed so friendly!! Make sure to get a reservation as it was a packed house!Hands down the BEST restaurant in all of NOLA!!!!
Frank is by far the best chef in town.  Whether you're on your first trip to NOLA or a local, this place falls on my list of places not to miss (actually, it comes in as number 1!).  Come to Brigtsen's, sit back with a glass of wine, and enjoy the best creole food in town!!
My favorite dish is the rabbit tenderloin appetizer.  It comes with an amazing stone ground mustard sauce.  Absolutely to die for!  Or the gumbo - that's always amazing as well.
In terms of entrees, Frank always has a variety that's not to be missed.  There's always a great gulf fish dish on there and many other scrumptious items.  The duck can't be missed!  Just try everything.  Your taste buds will be in HEAVEN!!
And save room for desert!  At Mardi Gras time this year, there was an amazing trio of homemade ice cream - including king cake (yes, king cake ice cream - amazing stuff!)  And the crème brulee offerings are always amazing!
Just make sure you make reservations... it's a popular place these days :)
Attire:  it's not shorts & t-shirt casual, but it's not formal.  You're fine in dressy casual.In a word, underwhelming. I had heard such great things about this place, but after dining at Brigsten's I would not return and wish I had gone somewhere else with my $300. The restaurant seems outdated, both in ambiance and cuisine. 
Food - While some of the things we ate were good, all the side items were cafeteria food-esque. High points were the rabbit appetizer and duck entree. The lamb was ok, soft shell crab special was too small for an entree, and the bisque (I think) made my mom's tummy hurt. And like I said, all of the sides seemed mass produced and unexciting. Also, bread at the beginning of the meal was bad, but butter was yummy. Wine was good and reasonably priced. 
Service - Service was good, except that out of four diners, one entree came 5 minutes after the others, without even a warning - something I find unacceptable at a restaurant of this caliber. 
Ambiance - outdated!!! I know this place is an old house, but that doesn't mean the curtains and decorations need to look old and decrepit too. Seemed to match the older crowd in the restaurant. 
Like I said, night was not a bust, as some people enjoyed their food, but overall, I was disappointed.As long as three stars means A-OK, then I don't feel like I'm underrating this place.  We got a little bit lost trying to find the place as I feel like a tourist when I go uptown and don't really know my way around.  I called them when our reservation was about to go into effect, and they were super helpful in guiding me to the restaurant.  In fact, the service was superlative in every way from the hostess to the servers.  Our server mentioned that if we needed anything, we could ask any server we saw and she would be glad to help us.  Though I didn't take her up on that offer (it wasn't necessary), I found that level of service outstanding.  
The ambience is fantastically elegant without being snooty.  It's almost "country elegant" to coin a phrase.  It's probably a great place to bring a date that you're trying to impress.  I'd imagine there's nothing like taking a date to Brigtsen's to let your date know that you plan on getting some that night.  Since I was there with my teenage daughter, the romantic vibe was a bit awkward.  Kudos to the staff for not eyeing me like I was an ephebophile.
We started with the rabbit tenderloin appetizer ($14) which was very good, but rather small.  My daughter and I both agreed with a smile that it kind of tasted like chicken, but what tasty chicken-ish rabbit.  On the advice of a bartender I know (Who else would you take advice from?), we split the seafood platter ($34), and I had a glass of their Sauvignon Blanc ($9).  Everything on it was delicious.  The sauce on the drum was spectacular as were the oysters.  The shrimp salad and shrimp cornbread on the side was delicious, as well.  It's refreshing to order a seafood platter in NOLA and have nothing fried.  I have to admit, though, that I would have preferred a vegetable dish on the plate as well.  I think that would have broken up the seafood monotony a bit.  At $34/plate, I think they can afford it.
The bartender who recommended the plate to me told me that she was referred to Brigtsen's by Chef Paul Prudhomme himself.  As it turns out, according to our server, Chef Brigtsen studied under Prudhomme, so there you go.  So, while the food was very good and the wine was freakin' great, exactly as a Sauvignon Blanc should taste with tropical fruit overtones, the fact remains that we split an app and an entree which with tax and tip came to ~$75.  Again, this was technically one meal.  Splitting it was nearly sufficient, but left me a bit hungry still.  So ultimately, the value leaves a bit to be desired.  But who knows?  Next time I steal and sell someone's kidney (Don't ask how I was able to afford the meal this time.), I would enjoy coming back.  But as of now, I have no immediate plans to do so.   This is for special occasions such as winning the lottery.A small Uptown restaurant, quaint, with a heavy slant towards seafood prepared in a traditional New Orleans manner. The food was not as modern as I had walked in hopoing for, but the shrimp appetizer really blew me away and our table ended up ordering several more to pass around. The rest of the meal was generally very good. I'd recommend for folks new to town looking for a "local" spot with plenty of cash in their pockets.Dined here for the first time on Friday 12/7. May have been the best meal I have ever had. This place is amazing. My only regret is that I didn't know about it sooner. It was as close to perfection as can be attained. Save room for the pecan pie!I came here with the expectation that this would be the best meal I'd have this year.  This standard was resoundingly met.
The staff is friendly and outgoing, the atmosphere is cozy and unassuming, and every single part of the meal (from wine to dessert) was at worst outstanding.
Highlights included the pulled pork with macque choux, the pork tenderloin with sweet potato dirty rice, and the roast duck with cornbread dressing (we tried each other's dishes to see which was best; paradoxically, each was better than the other). And that doesn't even include the bread pudding...  Throughout the meal, I would take a bite and then stop, just to try to absorb the comforting yet complex flavors that I was experiencing. 
This was an unpretentious yet glorious dining experience.  I'll be back, even though I'll have to fly across the country to do it.We had Jane as our waitress and she was fantastic! Janes personality made our dinner extra special. All the staff was great but Jane was the best experience a person could have. The food was amazing! We had a group of 6 and we all got something different and all were equally delicious. Highly recommended restaurant!For the price, dinner was not up to par.
My lamb was bland and over done. The service was exceptionally slow. The menu was not very exciting.
After all that they double charged my card for dinner. Definitely not recommended for vacationers.Had the opportunity to visit this highly regarded New Orleans restaurant a few weeks ago.  It took a while to get there by streetcar from Julia St. After getting off the street car there is a couple of blocks walk. The location is in an unassuming house.  Which in hindsight is the perfect setting because the strength of this restaurant is the warm home like feeling you get once you arrive that continues to the end of the meal.  Most of that has to do with the personal attention you get from the husband and wife team that own this place.  The wife runs the front of the house as if she is welcoming you into her home and where else in New Orleans do you get to meet the celebrity chef who cooks your food.  Because I had missed my reservation time I had to sit in the hall - which was perfect because it gave me a front row seat to what makes this place consistently at the top of many best of New Orleans lists.  I had their famous seafood platter that features a variety of unique seafood preparations.  Based on pictures from other diners the selections on the platter occasionally change but everything on the plate was delicious.  I hope to go back soon and would love to live close enough to be a regular.