Scored a Groupon to check this place out while traveling; I'm here at 1pm on a Thurs and there are no other diners. I'm not sure why--the food and service are BANGING. The space is large and comfortable, upscale industrial; the fried eggplant and burger are so delicious it is almost sinful. Prices are standard for NOLA (burger $15). This is one of the most delicious meals I've ever had--get yourself there and be hungry when you arrive! A+Congratulations to Chef Hosie! Amazing food and wonderful dining experience. Will definitely revisit soon.The mercantile staff gave us a ticket for a glass of wine and the ratings were good, so we ate here. Excellent staff and food. My only complaint is that I ate here the last night.  If I'd known this was so good, I would have eaten here the first and last night!! Fish was fresh, wines were appropriately priced and served in a decanter. The fish was fresh and the blackened recipe made a hesitant selection become a mouthwatering choice.Even if you are not staying near the Convention Center, please do yourself a favor and book reservations for dinner at Briquette! We are from the Gulf Coast, and we KNOW good seafood and steaks. We had no idea we were in for one of our top five meals ever this trip to New Orleans, but it was a perfect meal, start to finish. We started with the delicious crab cake with corn relish and wine, then continued to entrees that were just superlative. Husband had the NY Strip, which arrived with a perfect char and truly medium rare. I followed our excellent waiter's recommendation and had the redfish on the half shell. I really don't have words. It was the best redfish we've ever eaten (yes, I had to share bites)--every forkful better than the previous. Moist, perfect seasoning, not too salty, crawfish on top. It was just perfect. After the home run of the redfish, I sought the waiter's opinion on dessert, too--and my mind was blown again. Floating Island? Who the heck offers that these days? It was a deliciously light poached meringue surrounded by creme anglaise, shattered caramel, fresh berries, and just a touch of whipped cream. Seriously. Who offers treasures like that these days? And the service, was old-school New Orleans at its finest. Professional, always there when needed (or right before!), never hovering. A delight--the whole night. Ask for Jackie!Was staying at the Mercantile Hotel for trade show,  down the block from this restaurant that just opened last week. After being on our feet all day we didn't feel like going far, so we looked in their window, liked what we saw and asked to view  the menu. That sold us.
With a heavy seafood orientation, I found the flavor combinations divine on my shrimp with cilantro & gnocchi in an inspired creamy sauce. The trout ordered by my companion was cooked to perfection.
The room is large and comfortable, the wine selection ample and the wait staff very accommodating.I had an incredible meal here. I got the fried red fish special, which was just an amazing hunk of a whole fried fish. Crispy skin with super tender and juicy meat inside. 
The owner was a very nice jovial man. Definitely recommend supporting this restaurant.Great Food and service.  Redfish outstanding!!! Beautiful inside. Cauliflower Pompano
Surprising!!!I can't say enough about the experience we had here, the owner AJ took us on a tour and showed us different cuts of meat and shared different types of flavors. The fish was so fresh. The food was incredible. We had kale salad with anchovies (omg), oysters, and red snapper (holy crap!)
The environment was great!Excellent restaurant!  Attentive staff and great food. The owner AJ Tusa checked in multiple times and added to the experience. I highly recommend making a reservation the next time you are in New OrleansI had the red fish with fried green tomatoes and shrimp. It was delicious. The atmosphere was great - a good place to people watch. I was a solo diner but there were couples on dates families and what appeared to be a Birthday celebration all going on. Nice decor. Service was good up to the end trying to get my check took forever.Dismally disappointed.  Went here with my wife and friends for wife's bday on White Linen night.  We had a reservation.  The restaurant was maybe 1/5 full when arrived.  We sat for 5-10 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server.  We flagged one down.  
The service was not good.  We ordered.  10 minutes later we were told they were out of the oysters we ordered.  Why did that take 10 minutes?  We reordered.  Much later, we got our appetizer.  Much, much later, after the app, my wife was no longer hungry - we had been there a pretty long time at that point.  And it wasn't clever timing of the courses.  I couldn't believe it with the restaurant maybe peaking at 1/3 capacity.  
By the time we got our food, we were not in a good mood.  I didn't feel like my fish was great, seemed over salted.  But then again, the night had already been ruined, so no telling.  My wife literally didn't have a bite of her main; so no telling there either.
We refer to this experience as the "meal that won't be mentioned..." Maybe they were having an off night or maybe this is the normal.  I don't know.  But it doesn't seem worth the risk to me of trying again.Not good. Showed a up for our reservation at 9:00 Sunday when Saints played a home game and the city had plenty of potential customers  and we were the only customers in the restaurant. So you would think the chef would take his/her to make a great meal. Both of our fish meals were tough and overcooked. Way overpriced for what we got. Stay away!Food: 4 Stars
Service: 0 Stars 
Group of 5 on a Saturday night. Last minute reservation. Food ended up being quite good. Lots of great seafood prepared either whole or as filets. 
That's about the only positive. The waiter showed up at first with one menu and said he couldn't find any others even though the place was less than half busy. His manager fixed that. Water glasses were frequently empty to the point that it was easier to just walk to the bar ourselves. Were we supposed to get bread--it was impossible to find our waiter to find out. 
The good food was marred by really lousy service. Wouldn't head back anytime soon.We stopped by last night and were impressed with the kindness of the manager and his desire to help us even with a recommendation for a place to have breakfast today.  Nick told me about his restaurant's pork chop that I had tonight and he was right.  I was sorry that I was leaving town tomorrow because I would go back to Briquette for lunch or dinner almost every day and it was affordable.This is a really good restaurant. The food is prepared perfect price is good atmosphere is romantic service is superb.  I had pork tenderloin which was prepared to perfection. I would recommend to all. Price is affordableOur first time here, Beef Tenderloin Po' Boy was excellent and went well with the Rosemary Fries.  The Crab Cake was also very good.  Very good service!  Next time we are back in NOLA we will visit again!My family went here and we overall liked the food. Some of It seemed overpriced for what it was, like the crab bisque and desserts. We were never served any water until halfway the appetizers came and we had to ask for water and again for a refill. My father ordered the market fish which he loved, but the side of potatoes that came with it didnt come till after he was done eating and they were extremely oily. The steak and fish were great and the place is nice, just needs some revamping.We chose this restaurant for a graduation celebration. Sorry to say it was really disappointing.  It started out well; beautiful restaurant, nice table, nice waitress, interesting menu.  The appetizers were really good.  For my main courses i had the red fish with green fried tomatoes; the fish was a bit tough and the tomatoes were a greasy battered  pancake . I tried the salmon with seaweed salad and rice and it was really good. The desserts were a total failure! After  being almost rushed through our meal (they brought out the main courses while half of us were still having our appetizers), took almost an hour for the desserts to come.  The plantains were hard, bread pudding beignets nothing to speak of,  and the coffee (both the decaf and regular)was lukewarm and weak. $1,050.00 later we left, pretty disappointed. With all the fantastic choices in Nola, I'd say "skip this one".We were pleasantly surprised. The service and ambiance was wonderful. My husband said the scallops were some of the best he'd ever had. My snapper was very tasty. Great portion size for both. Gumbo was great too. It's hard with so many great places to choose from but we'll definitely be back!We dined at Briquette on New Years Eve and the immediate reaction by all was "this restaurant is not ready".  Perhaps on a slower night, things would have been different but the service was really terrible - The waiters were inexperienced and lacked energy.  Our appetizers took an hour to arrive; drinks took 30 minutes; and the food was overall very average.
I'd be willing to try again - after a few months of them trying to figure it out - but, the staff immensely lacked urgency and that begins with the gentleman named Nick who was clearly in over his head - the head of service staff.  The oysters were bad; the steaks were fine; the fish was too fishy and this is all after waiting waaay too long.Very good food and service. Pork chop was delicious and the New York Steak was grilled to perfection and very tender.
We also enjoyed the Lodi Zinfandel.If you're nearby for lunch, please make sure to get the Rich Boy sandwich. The beef is seared to perfection - it is hands down the best po-boy I've had in the past 10 years.Upscale seafood spot in the CBD.  Not bad but definitely not great.  Here's the breakdown.  
Food:
Fried cornbread: complimentary.  It's ok.  
Lobster tamale:  also ok.  Heavy on the tamale and light on lobster.  They put an egg on it, which I like, but it was too many flavors that did not blend well.  
Oysters:  I do not remember the name of the dish exactly but it was basically charbroiled oysters.  2/5.  I forgot the details but I remember there was one left between the three of us and no one was enthusiastic about grabbing it.
Gumbo: very decent.  Some of the seafood got overcooked in the rue.  But the rue had a very nice flavor.  I slightly impressed.
Red Snapper: served whole.  We added tarragon butter on the side.  Very nice preparation.  Beautiful piece of fish cooked perfectly.  Tarragon butter was a nice addition.  
Tres Leches Cheese Cake:  Cake was decent but the icing was too thick and not sweet enough for me.  3/5
Foie Gras something dessert:  The ice cream from creole creamery was the best part.  Sweet and savory.  I can see this dessert being polarizing particularly if you do not like foie gras.  
Food overall gets a 3/5.  Most of the fare was mediocre with the exception of our snapper and my gumbo.  
The service has lots of room for improvement.  Everyone was attentive, but there was a lot of inexperience.  It felt like a lot of interruptions.  Wait staff needs to work on quick, efficient meaningful encounters without being disruptive.  Still, people were polite.  Growing pains for a new restaurant are expected.
Ambiance was nice.  Very open floor plan with easy viewing into the kitchen.  Seafood is on display which I think is very cool.  Upscale feel, maybe a little trendy.  A few words about the plates.  They are terrible.  Silverware keeps sliding off the sides.  I never thought much about a restaurant plate until Briquette.  
Overall, the restaurant was ok but not good enough to warrant a repeat visit.Went to eat with a group of 7, seated us quickly. Reservation was at 6:30- very few people there, but started filling up quickly. Nice menu, good wine selection. Server was very personable, nice view of the kitchen so you could watch the chefs. We all ordered different dishes. Started with oyster appetizers, beautifully presented with rock salt on the plate. A few orders of the crab bisque and the soup de' jour- large servings of soup, although the bisque was very different, good flavor( a little spicy). Main courses were varied, all were pleased- from snapper to scallops. The star of the show,however, were the pomme frites- which were several varieties of potatoes, they were seasoned and cooked to perfection! Crisp on the outside, soft on the inside- we all loved them. desserts were also shared- king cake with cheesecake ice cream- was ok, but cake was dry, not much filling- ice cream was delicious. Friend had the beniets and said they were good. Very delicious meal overall- would definitely recommend this oneThe visit started off well--hostess was very nice and seated us in a timely fashion. Had a problem with our server, but the owner/manager resolved the problem very amicably and was highly receptive to our feedback regarding the server.  All in all a very nice atmosphere and the food was quite good.I enjoyed a fantastic meal here. The server was very informative and on point. We did have to wait a long time to get water and start the process, but it did not take away from my enjoyment of the meal. I had the charred kale salad and the scallop appetizer, delish. Lovely drinks. I will be back!!What a great find. The owner has done a fantastic job in turning this old molasses factory into a beautiful restaurant. I got a guided tour of the kitchen, which is super modern and very well designed. They cure their own salmon in gin which tasted unique and super good. They have anchovies imported from Italy which I loved. The olive tapenade was to die for. I had the snapper Ponchartrain which was excellent. They also have an extensive wine showcase and an open kitchen. Would highly recommend this place and will be back for the whole fish.Briquette is attractive to walk into, well designed, and our welcome there was fine.  But I'm inclined to re-read "Confederacy of Dunes" after dining there, for the descriptions of indolence and incompetence in that book are hard to rival.  Our server performed so badly on every conceivable scale that I imagined I was in a satirical play.   Who in their right mind would hire a person so totally unprepared for service?  The food was fine, maybe even good, but the mixture of rude indifference that our server embodied made this my worst dining experience of the last few years.  As comedy the night was a success.We came here on a Saturday night and were treated to some wonderful food -- probably, the best we have had in several years. The owner, AJ, visits every table and will gladly show the kitchen if asked. That would not, itself, make this place so special; rather, it was the quality and quantity of the food and drink. The wine was served in generous quantities at a very reasonable price; also, the Sazerac Old Fashioned was excellent. However, the best thing was the food. We had the Oysters -- both Rockefellor & Bienville -- as appetizers and they were excellent. The seafood that we had for the main meal -- both the Halibut and the Blackened Redfish -- were delicious and generously portioned. Another person at our table had a wonderful and very large pork meal. We didn't have room for desert, but didn't mind!Delicious red fish on the half shell; excellent steak, strong drinks, good service, and the owner chatted us up. All around good experience!Was going to another restaurant last night and happened to stumble upon this place and decided to try it. 
It was superb. 
Parking is difficult in this area sometimes, but they have valet services, so there's no excuse not to go. 
Our server was very friendly, and the chef even came out to see how our meal was. 
Go here! Eat the food! It was amazing.well,  just gotta say,  for a slow Monday night, I felt like we were a bother for a slow Monday night.    We saw great reviews,  and our food was fantastic,  but,  slow,  screwed up,  and delayed.   Treat this as a one off...because I think this could be a great restaurant.... so try them.... but I have to be honest,  didn't feel the love with 8 people,  and 800 dollars.... not cool.Had a wonderful meal the best in new orleans,definitely will be going back soon maybe tomorrow,the staff is great food incredible, and cocktails to die for, i had the red fish and scallops for the appetizer, anthony and anna (the owners) work so hard to make everyone happy, the dont need to because the is so good!Food was 5 stars. Service only 3 stars. Highly recommend the halibut and red fish. Not a kid friendly joint. They have kids seats but no kids menus. We ordered pasta for our kids and our waited forgot to put it in for them.Delicious and creative  combinations. Service was slow so hopefully that will improve. Definitely plan to go back.Truly Amazing Evening
My business partner and I were in New Orleans for a meeting and had dinner at Briquette on a Wednesday evening.  The  space is very handsome and the greeting was warm.  The food was extremely good (pork dish, beef tournedos, scallops) and we were quite pleased with our dining experience.  However, we didn't realize that the evening's experience was just about to begin. We got to talking to AJ, the owner of Briquette and several other New Orleans dining spots.  As the restaurant was closing, he asked if he and his wife could drive us to our hotel.  On our drive to the hotel AJ took us for the most amazing tour of New Orleans which I could have imagined.  It was clear that he loves the city as much as he loves the restaurant business. This was one of those evenings you never forget.  Nor will forget the food and hospitality of Briquette.The room is spacious and attractive, with original beams and exposed brick and large lovely windows. You can see into the wine caves and the kitchen which is kind of fun. The seared sea scallops and goat cheese grits appetizer was outstanding-- I should have gotten 2 for dinner! The seared salmon was also quite good; one of my companions said he would remember that fish as one of the best he has had. The Key West daiquiri cocktail was also delicious; only the Paloma was a disappointment. If you are not a beignet purist try the bread pudding ones for dessert called it an inspired combination and the best fo both worlds, and having stolen a bite I am inclined to agree.1st Night Dining here with my family and we will most definitely be back. The service was wonderful and the food is to die for. The New Chef is going to put this restaurant on the map for places to visit while in New Orleans! If you go, you MUST try the scallops, they will melt in your mouth!Odd ambiance. Very beautifully decorated but not a lot of people.  A little pricey for what the offer. Everything we had was really good though. We just wished it was a little more upbeat. We had some appetizers and a drink and left.  Not a great hang out place.The food was awful.  The smoky kale salad was something between liquid smoke and pan grease from someone else's steak.  The bisque was heavy and light on the crab and certainly not worth $11.  Finally the lamb shank had a slight freezer burn taste. It was on a bed of angel hair pasta that tasted like Chef Boyardee. I should have known when they didn't have draft beer.Tried this last night for dinner and the food was good. I highly recommend the flavorful flat bread. The seafood soup could use a bit more spice. Servers were enthusiastic, though still building their knowledge.  Overall worth a tryMajor disaster. 2 hour wait for dinner once seated. Can't even discuss the food, they need to get their act together quickly if they want to survive in the food capital of NOLA.  Service a zero.Everything was delicious and the service was outstanding. Booked a client dinner here, mostly because it was walking distance from our hotel and they treated us like we'd rented the place out. Gave a tour of the kitchen before seating us, that earned us big points with the clients. Gave us alot of history about the building (an old Molasses factory) and sent out complimentary amuse-bouche from the chef. We all enjoyed our entrees but the best part was dessert. We had a table of six so we ordered one of each of the six items on the menu and had a hard time picking a favorite. Will be back and will recommend to anyone I know that's travelling to New Orleans.The food was dry and not good at all. The only thing worse than the food was the service. Huge gap (at least an hour) between appetizers and dinner service. Empty glasses with no attention from the waitress who then tried to charge an auto gratuity for 5 people. Just not worthy of our time or money.  New Orleans demands much more of its restaurants. This place will not make it.Food ok. Service awful. Went with a group of 10 while attending a conference. Food was ok. Not great. Service was lacking in everything. Didn't give us water. We had the ask....twice. Food delivered in shifts over 20 minutes. Never refilled drinks or asked if we wanted anything from the bar. Then he doubled orders on every other ticket. Didn't offer dessert. I could go on...and on.We had a MOST delightful dinner at Briquette. The owner was so welcoming and the service was only eclipsed by the service and attention to detail!  You could not help but feel like you had discovered THE place to show off a true New Orleans's gem to family and friends and especially out of town guests!  We will go back again and again!  
The food was FABULOUS!I give high marks for decor, but so-so at best for food and service.  Our waiter was thoroughly indifferent.  I think he uttered 5 words the entire time while taking our order and serving the meal.  The food was OK, although the plantain mash served as a side with some entrees was excessively sweet.Terrible service. Terrible management. Terrible food. This place will be closed by the end of the year.  Save your money.My wife & I took my parents here for their 50th Anniversary.What an excellent choice.Great atmosphere,service & our apps & entrees were all delicious.The lamb shank was cooked perfectly as well as my filet.The halibut & red snapper dishes were delectable,large portions.Extensive wine list & cocktails.Overall,a wonderful experience.Will be going back soon.Can't even imagine not rating this restaurant highly. I eat in a lot of cities. There is a lot of love evident in this restaurant. Attractive open floor plan, friendly and attentive staff and owner. The gratis pate appetizer was a great start, and the food - perfectly cooked steelhead and swordfish mains married beautifully and thoughtfully with respective accompaniments. High quality stuff at a really fair price point. One of the best meals we have had all year. Highly recommended.What a lovely evening here. We just happened to walk by this restaurant on our way back from our hotel. I'm so glad we found it.  Dinner was superb. We both had fish dishes and they were excellent. Wine list had excellent choices and was reasonably priced. We skipped desert because we were full, but from what we saw they looked great. I highly recommend this place. We also ate at other highly rated restaurants in the same area and this place is right up there with them.This new spot certainly exceeded all expectations (which are always high in NoLa).  
The house bread = fried cornbread with gravy alone is worth the visit.  
Excellent spot to share everything off the apps menu and finish with some a la carte fish.  Up and down the menu we enjoyed it all!We come to NOLA every year to basically spend a few days eating and trying new things.  Briquette was on our list and we were very much looking forward to it based on menu.  Unfortunately this was by far our worst stop in our 3 days. 
 Service was absolutely awful.  I understand it's a fairly new restaurant but shouldn't take 40 minutes for someone to bring water. After 1 hour and 45 minutes  we got our appetizers.  Needless to say we were there for almost 3 hours overall.
As for the food it was what I would call average.  My entree was probably the worst of the 4.  Asked for my steak medium rare....it was well done.  In a restaurant like this you need to be able to do steak correctly at a very minimum.  
Gave 2 stars simply because owner seemed to care but by the time he got over to ask about everything we were just ready to go.We came here for a team dinner.  There was 12 of us.  Restaurant was incredibly loud and we couldn't hear each other from across the table.  We had to lean in to our neighbors to hear them talk.  Service was very slow.  We had to ask for bread and when they brought us the bread, they brought us 12 little rolls.  You have to be kidding me.  Then one of our people asked for more bread and they brought one roll.  Took us over an hour for the entire table to get served.  The food is good, but no worth the long wait and poor service.  Another observation is the chef in charge of grilling the fish handles the food with his bare hands.  What the heck, hav my in
en't they heard of gloves?  Maybe this is acceptable in New Orleans, but would never fly in a city with a health department.  With all the choices in New Orleans, I would go elsewhere.  At the end of the meal she gave dessert menus to everyone, but the three of us at the end of the table.  Never did she offer to refill my water until I completely emptied my water glass.  Guess customer service isn't in their vocabulary.  Probably since they were going to automatically get a tip added to our bill, it isn't important to treat us like valued customers.Sat at the bar and had a great dinner!  Wonderful service by the bartender on duty, Bobby.  He made great drink suggestions and wine pairings for dinner.  Had the kale caesar and then seafood pasta, both awesome!! A beautiful space in a really cool part of town, great service food and drink.  Will be back when in town again!We stopped in by fate. We had other  reservations with friends somewhere else so only had time for an appetizer. 
This is a beautifully appointed restaurant with excellent service. They offered a complimentary pulled pork pate with crostini appetizer served over slaw and spicy brown mustard which was heavenly.  Think of a deconstructed charcuterie. Very creative presentation. 
We ordered the crab cake appetizer-warm flaky, perfectly seasoned, beautiful presentation over two tasty sauces. I deliberately slowed down to eat so that I could savor every bite. 
The owner, Anthony, was so sweet to meet us at the door and thank us for stopping by. We will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.Service and food were very bad.
At one point a different tables food was brought to us.
The server seemed to be learning how to open a wine bottle as he did it.
The steak was meant to be rare and instead was medium to well done.
Our water glasses were empty from the time they brought the food until we received the check.
The spinach that came with the steak legitimately tasted like burned rubber. I don't even know how it was possible to create this flavor.
Otherwise, the space is nice.The seafood here is so fresh, cooked to perfection and was served in massive portions. Loved the oysters (we tried both preparations offered on the menu) the appetizer special of savory seafood crepes was inspired and delightful. Our server Amanda was awesome and took us on a wonderful culinary journey of New Orleans. I had the Red fish and my companion had the Porgy (?) One of my top ten favorite meals ever!Nice ambiance. Nice bartender. Nice margarita. I enjoyed the pink light way too much. Lmbo. A really nice calm bar. There's a food restaurant attached but I was in the mood to drink. I enjoyed the selection of liquors they offered.  Can't go wrong really. Pretty nice firba happy hour joint.Excellent service, amazing food, and the a great wine list! The crabmeat bisque or seafood gumbo is a great start, followed by the fish of the evening .. or the filet mignon! The lunch menu is also just as great.Catfish Decatur was amazing, moscato delicious and waiter was exceptional! I will definitely go again!We went here based on awards and reviews.  Gumbo was good.  But the steak was so salty it was inedible.   Guess it was my bad for ordering steak at a seafood place.  Wife enjoyed her salmon.It could have a perfect dinner and a 5 star experience because food was absolutely delicious and it was a great atmosphere but... we had the wrong waiter.... he didn't guide us correctly with menu and was all but warm. Too bad...
Great fish though!A nice location in the Warehouse District. The crayfish bisque & mussels were a great way to start. The red snapper with lump crab & hollandaise sauce with sautéed green beans & mixed potatoes were fabulous! A really nice Chateau Blaignan Medoc bottle of wine was a really good compliment to our meal. The meal was so good the Uber driver had to pick us up from inside the restaurant! Cheers...I loved this restaurant. It was our last stop before we left New Orleans and I am so happy that we decided to try it out. We went for happy hour and the bartender was excellent. After a few too many drinks we decided to have dinner. I got the lamb shank puttanesca and my friend got pasta with Alfredo and vegetables (he's vegetarian). We both agree that dinner was amazing!!!So disappointed. Restaurant is overpriced for the service and quality. The restaurant is beautiful with great artwork. This is the only good thing about it.  New Orleans is about hospitality and the service and management have neither. Snapper was salty. Two people order same entree and both came out with different portion sizes. Server tried to add automatic tip with a table of 5, but policy states table of 6, sneaky. Our water was never refreshed and we were never offered bread.
There are many restaurants in New Orleans which you don' mind paying top dollar, but this one is not one of them. It was Friday, the 13th. Unfortunately, 1st impressions are lasting impressions.Fantastic Chef.  Great creations and flavors.  Great service.  Restaurant is beautiful.  Artwork perfectly suited to the theme.  Restaurant is very loud.   Difficult to enjoy of you have hearing issues or hearing aids.  I'm not hearing impaired but Im familiar with the struggle.  My husband and I struggled to converse during our meal.the food was good but the service was terrible. Sat and waited for ever and had to get a drink at the bar before a server showed up. The server was nice but there are better places in NOLAComfortable seating with ample space between tables and service feels very personalized. Decor of rustic original bricks and huge wood columns with a wine cellar of great selections. Wall to wall bar with plenty of seats and easy viewing of the games. 
Fast and efficient service with ready explanations of what's in each dish to make your choosing even easier. 
Appetizers, salads, soups, seafood, steaks, desserts all to make sure you leave with a smile knowing you picked the right place for great memories.Service great food meh... wayyyyyy overpriced and no ambience at all.... very loud eatery will not return.... food was ok thats itThis place has terrible service would not even comp and of the ticket even though took 2 hours to get entrees save your moneyThe soup was lukewarm, probably because it had been dumped into a cold bowl. The fish was a little dry. The dining room isn't particularly inviting. 
For the price, go to The Pelican Club instead.Great atmosphere, love the open kitchen concept, it was neat being able to watch the dinner preparations through the glass. Our waiter, Darrell, was very attentive and had great suggestions. We had the blackened redfish with the fried green tomatoes, it was divine. The crab cake appetizer was the best we have ever had! Highly recommend!!Great time with friends. Wine was good, food was okay. Service? Could be better, the waiter forgot about my friend's soup. The bisque came out kind of cold.Great deal on lunch especially with the Groupon or Living Social app. Food was outstanding and the service was very good. Will definitely recommend to our friends.Set down for 15 min and no service, walked out without getting an apology. I know it is thanksgiving, but for a fairly pricing restaurant you expect some serviceThe food at Briquettes is simply outstanding. 
On this day we joined friend for lunch. As always the food , service and place were all just amazing. 
As you can from the photos the place is cool to hang, have a drink at the beautiful bar then enjoy a great meal. 
Briquette is great lunch or dinner and it is one of the place in Nola that is catching popularity day by day. 
Thanks to their amazing chef.This place ended my 4-day streak of perfect restaurant experiences.  I should have known when I walked in; the whole place smelled bitter like vomit.  I don't know what caused it. I know they cook fish in there but it was horrible. We had a timid little waitress who said maybe three words the whole time.  Out of all four people's  plates, I found one thing that tasted good.  Everything was off. I don't know maybe I got there on the night when the real Chef was on vacation or something.  $120 later I left, uninspired.Excellent seasoning wine and service loved this upscale place close to Fulton Street. we even got dessert although we were full hughly recommend this place bring your appetite and walletI give this establishment 3 stars only because the food is wonderful. However, the service and wait staff are awful. We waited 30 min to get our drink and food order. They did not explain the menu. They spilled water on several of the people I was eating with. Took them 10 min. to come back with a towel. They handed me the towel and walked away. Had water dripping all over us. Received liquor drinks with out the garnish. When told them about it, they put a mint leave in my drink that had black spots. It was rotten. We asked several times for hot sauce and other condiments, never received them. My group spent over $700 on this establishment and received the worst service. Won't be back. Service has to be just as good as the food.GREAT SERVICE.. very professional service from top to bottom.. Tony our server was amazing .. explained all the food, gave  recommendations .. the food was sooooo good , fresh food. Would definitely recommend.... the owner and his wife were so professional and quality people!!!!!!! They made the evening worth while.. my salmon salad was so fresh and amazing..  will for sure be back and try out their other restaurantsWas not very impressed . The atmosphere is nice and the service was fine. I was extremely put off by the fact that their market catch fish sandwich was catfish! Definitely should've asked. Was not expecting catfish at all at such a nice place. The burger was very good. The menu is not the same as what is posted online, so keep that in mind. Our appetizer was not very good either. Overall it was just okay.Also, I must point out that the catfish was Not the best. I'm not really big on catfish, I will admit, but my husband is much more of a fan than I am. Even he said it was soily and had that "catfish" taste. There was tons of grey in it, if that explains it better.Overall not impressed.  The food was just average, for the price, you can find much better. 
The mussels were in 100% butter.  There was no garlic or wine coming through.  Served with fries, that had a bland, might as well just be mayo, aioli.  The presentation was also not appealing.  It would have been nice if there were bread, I asked for some and got some herb rolls.  Mussels really need a crostini. 
Gumbo was a nice dark, thick roux.  Again, could have more flavor but not the worst gumbo I've had. I'd order this again. 
Swordfish served with bacon mashed plantains.  The fish was undercooked, I was a bit scared to eat it.  The plantains were delicious.  I could eat this alone.  It just really didn't pair well with the fish sitting in the same butter sauce.  I could see a grilled pork chop or roasted chicken with this side.  
I went on a Groupon.  I would have been more disappointed if I paid full price for that meal.  $105 plus tip for 2.The food here is excellent. Well prepared and presented. We had the crab bisque, scallops with grits and grilled Halibut with roasted Brussels sprouts and a medley of fried potatoes. Steve is an excellent waiter and we will return here again.Since we had never been to NOLA before we decided to come to this restaurant with the family for a new years eve dinner.  The server Angela, I believe, could not have been more rude mentioning that the orders need to be taken quickly because they have 500 people to come through before the night was over.  I recommend that if you go to this restaurant, go with a smaller group than we did.  Since we had 12 in our group, her top was guaranteed.  The food was above average.A dinner visit this time with old friends who we have not seen for sometime. 
We covered the entire menu and enjoyed great cocktails and wonderful wine. 
This place offers amazing and tasty seafood no matter what you get. 
Go and enjoy!  
The food at Briquettes is simply outstanding. 
On this day we joined friend for lunch. As always the food , service and place were all just amazing. 
As you can from the photos the place is cool to hang, have a drink at the beautiful bar then enjoy a great meal. 
Briquette is great lunch or dinner and it is one of the place in Nola that is catching popularity day by day. 
Thanks to their amazing chAn unbelievable experience. The food... amazing. The service... fantastic. The wine... to die for. The atmosphere... wonderfully New Orleans. This is quite possibly the best meal I've had all week here and I've had some great ones! Hat tip to Michael my server for recommending dishes with unique flavors of the city for me to enjoy! He was fun to talk to and took great care of me, a lone business traveler seeking a foodie experience.My reservation was at 11:45. Wasn't attended until 12:20 and my food came at 1:20. Worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant. I've had better service at fast-food restaurants. My patience was extremely tested in this place and did I mention my drinks never arrived.From the moment I walked in the door til the last bite of the Lamb Shank special I was blown away. My family and myself had the pleasure to speak with the new Chef Hosie and his dinner suggestions did not disappoint. The Mussels were mouth watering and the Lamb Shank was cooked perfectly. We most definitely will be back.I had a taste for fish and I was not disappointed. Started with a nice salmon salad and I had the Halibut for entree, but I got the sides with the plantain smash and greens...plus this lemon Puff cake with fruits...food was great!!! My service did not start off well to be honest but the manager noticed and he started taking care of me right away and and my waiter lifted my mood and by the time I finished my meal and drinks and dessert I was thinking about the next time I'm going to visit and what next on the menu I will treat my taste buds to ...Perhaps it was because they are fairly new on the block and still have some wrinkles to iron out, but we did not have a great experience! We had a party of 12 and no one enjoyed their food. Our server was not attentive ( empty wine glasses all night ) and most of the food was not to our liking. I started out with the grilled scallops served atop a grit cake(I didn't get a pic), which was pretty good, followed by the halibut, which is usually my favorite fish.... the halibut filet was CUT IN HALF, therefore it was very thin, and subsequently extremely over cooked. The sides are few, almost everyone's entree came with a lackluster fried potato medley, similar to a chunky French fry and the restaurant does not serve ketchup! My husband ordered the Crab Cake Napoleon & the Snapper Pontchartrain we didn't like either. On a positive note, the owner was friendly and did come to check on us, however we chose not to divulge how unhappy we were.We ate here our second night in NOLA, and it was an excellent experience. We're traveling for work and met some colleagues for dinner. When we first arrived at 6:00, it was not busy at all. We were seated right away, and Jordan was our server. He had very helpful suggestions for drinks, and was attentive and friendly throughout the meal. I had the snapper pontchartrain with a potato medley and green beans. It was perfectly seasoned, the potatoes were delicious and the green beans were perfectly cooked. My husband had the porterhouse pork chop with blue cheese crumbles, and he really enjoyed it too. For dessert, I had the meringue and he had the chocolate creme brûlée, and both were amazing. I highly recommend Briquette.Food was way overpriced and not very good. I'd have been happier going to McDonald's. Service was terrible. Definitely better choices in New Orleans.This is only 3 stars because of the service. We arrived before 6 and it was mostly empty which was fine. Server wasn't to cheerful or friendly, we didn't know about half price appetizers and she didn't tell us. In fact she didn't tell us about much on the menu unless asked. This just made our dining experience more work. The server got a table of 7 while we were there and as she walked by with their drinks she looked at our empty plates, dropped off their drinks and then took their orders and put them in, we waited so long for our plates to be picked and passed on dessert bc it was already getting late. The food was great Red Fish I hadn't eaten before was large with a delicious side of potatoes. Service is what was lacking to a major degree. Not a thanks for coming, glad you enjoyed your meal and it just ruins the experience.Very good restaurant and classy. Somelier was great for my friend who ordered wine as she liked his suggestion. I don't drink so can't recall which one it was. The snapper was tender and melted in your mouth with vegetables on the side. Did not like the oysters as I don't like oysters that are cooked. The Cajun soup tasted smoky and buttery which I loved. The only thing lacking I thought from this relatively new restaurant was music. We did not hear any music where we expected jazz to be played. Dining environment is upscale and nice. I would go again if there weren't so many restaurants to try next.My wife and I own a condo nearby as a second home.  I've walked past this restaurant on a number of occasions - but this is the first time we stopped for a meal (lunch).  Food was excellent.  I had the mussels and fries and my wife had Oysters Bienville -  which we enjoyed.  Service was quick, and the waitress was friendly.  I like the modern decor - with the open kitchen.  We definitely will come back.Maybe 3 1/2 stars and those stars are all for the quality of the food. Service was poor and there was no one there on a mon night. Took almost 15 min after ordered, to get cocktails. So bad. The costs are way above the quality also. The food was very good but it's on avg, $35 or more for each item. This isn't a high end spot either.  I'd go back for the meal but the service and costs will probably keep me away.Three of us stopped in for lunch as some locals recommended the place. I would say all three of us have been food snobs/foodies for a longer than most millenials have been around. 
We were all impressed with the lunch and were rarely impressed with restaurants. We had the Crabcakes , a po boy shrimp and fried green tomatoes sandwich, and the korean bbq chicken thighs. 
To start ignore any negative reviews, all 3 meals were gourmet treats. The flavors were beyond description here. Even the rosemary truffle fries were stellar and I hate truffle on my fries. 
The deserts are insane here. Please look at their lunch and dinner menus and realize what you read in the description is really what you get. They dont half way any meal. every single touch on every plate was a taste sensation.
This lunch hands down crushed our great dinner last night at ruth chris. I will take this over any steak restaurant and i LOVE delmonicos, mortons, flemings, ruth chris, etc. Briquette IS gourmet New Orleans food and no one will be disappointed.This place was an experience that would say was worth the expense. I think my pictures speak for themselves, but let me tell you, everything was as good as it looked. Maybe even better!We had a terrible meal here. My main was duck and it was incinerated then doused with a sickly sugary cherry sauce (a reduction i guess). My partner had  a fish that was cooked to oblivion and was hardly edible. New Orleans has a lot of really.good restaurants to choose from and this is not one of them.Really good spot in the art district in New Orleans. Service was impeccable and the ambiance was really nice. I had the Oysters Rockefeller to start and they were excellent. 4 were on the plate and I've never had them like this. They cover them with a spinach sauce almost. Really tasty!  For the entree I had the Roasted Duckling Girod. I believe this place is known for their fish but I figured the oysters were good enough and I took a flyer on this dish. Wow, I'm glad I did. Cooked to perfection and topped with their homemade raspberry purée, which really made it into a first rate dish. For desert I had the Dark Chocolate Crème Brûlée which was excellent. Great place and highly recommend it for a break in the many popular NoLa choices.The food was absolutely amazing. I ordered a whole blackened  red snapper, fried with an amazing butter sauce.  It wasn't on the menu but my waiter Mike suggested it because I'm allergic to shellfish. Omg!!! Thank you Mike. That was the best red snapper I ever ate, and the butter sauce was perfect. My husband ordered the pork belly porterhouse with a glaze with smashed plantains. He loved it. 
So the food, the presentation, the service and the ambiance was great. I can't wait to return, I've been in Nola all week and this was by far,  my best meal.
But here's a tip, make your reservation for 7pm. Get there at about 6:40pm. There is parking across the street, free after 7pm. If not they have velet for $15.00 and I think they park your car right across from the free spaces.The food was very good. I am giving a 3 star because our service was very poor. There was another waitress in the restaurant that had 3 tables and she was focused and taking care of them all. Our waitress had one table and doing a very poor job. My husband wanted another cocktail and a glass of water. He sat for at least 10 -15 minutes watching the waitress sit at the bar talking to the person that appeared to be the manager. When my husband finally walked across the restaurant to ask for a drink and water, the waitress finally acknowledged him. And if you want bread, according to the waitress, it is optional and you have to  ask for it.  They do have specials, but our waitress had no idea the cost and had to check and get back to us.One of our first stops on our vacation.  Darrell our server was awesome.  The food and service was great.   Very pleased with everything about this place.  We heard about a Bacon Bloody Mary.  Darrell walked next door to get the bacon vodka to make the bacon bloodies.  Then the co-owner went and fried up some bacon to add to our bacon bloodies.  Food was all very good. As a tourist not really knowing where to eat, this place turned out the be perfect.  
Thanks Darrell for all dining and entertainment tips.My wife and I tried Briquette last Saturday night after seeing the good reviews and looking at the impressive menu.  Sadly we were VERY disappointed.  Actually had to send back the mussels because they we're inedible.Disappointingly underwhelming...
I was very excited to dine here and heard, and reviewed multiple positives.  So thAnking this is going to be great (maybe that was part of the problem - though I don't think so...)
First off, we were here on a Friday night, at peak dining time, and the place was dead.  Bad sign.
Next off, service.....  mmmmmmmm, not so hot.  Plus, we all could barely hear our waitress.  We had to ask her to repeat (speak up) on several occasions and this was a theme that just did not improve upon.  Very quiet speaker.
I started off with the seared ahi and it came in a fruit cup which was very difficult to eat out of...  and to be frank, not very tasty at all.
Then I had the chicken entrée and that was borderline unedible.
The quietness of our server (and empty restaurant on a Friday), coupled with sub-standard fare did not result in an excellent dining experience.  
Thus, low rating.The food, drinks, and service were pretty good, but then they brought out the molasses factory foster... this was literally the best thing I have ever eaten. Fried plantains, pain perdue, vanilla ice cream, with cinnamon  I will return for that by itself.I had a great dinner here with easy to get it reservation. Our reservation was for  6 o'clock and it was not too crowded and not too loud. The menu was very nice with many options for spicy and more tame wit or without the seafood component. I really enjoyed the meal and would recommend it to another and go again.From the moment I set foot in the restaurant , I knew  this was not going to be good but since it was my friend"s birthday pick, I succumbed and rolled., understand when I consider this space and place, I do it with the notion that this restaurants prices are on par with some of the nicest restaurants in the country. 
We arrive but despite someone being at the door we are not greeted. We get her  attention, we are seated. 
We don't see a waiter for  awhile. 
I order iced tea and she doesn't bring sweetener.,I ask for sweetener and she forgets..
I ask for bread at a place with $50 entrees and she says they only have that some nights. She comes back with some chewy stale bread, 
I order the house salad. That should be the best-right? 
Wrong. Slightly limpy green salad deconstructed. Never was sure what to do with the blob of goat cheese since it didn't crumble and I couldn't bring myself to smear it in the stake bread. The eggplant "caviar" was over smoked but tasteless. The salad dressings, I ordered two- were out of a 1965 junior league cookbook. 
I ordered the fish with a puttanesca, the puttanesca tasted like they took a can of tomato paste and threw some capers and olives in, sweet and thick and salty but still tasteless.,I ate the fish sans sauce cause- why should a whole fish's life be in vain cause these people can't cook???
This Italian dish was served with a sweet Russian  like cabbage dish that was lukewarm. Soggy red cabbage and burnt thinner than shoestring potatoes. Completely inedible.,
To add insult to injury, the meals are served on these putty colored plates.  I guess so you can't tell they are dirty?! Otherwise, they made every food on your plate look like it was served on mud and not appetizing at all. 
Since it was my friend birthday, I asked if they had anything for birthdays- no!
I asked if she bring the desert menu in lieu of them not having birthday items- yes- that should have been a given., 
I've never written such a long review- just know that I don't know if I'll even be able to pass this ugly, humongous, uncreative, Gastro hell. 
Later that night I hugged the porcelain goddess..i NEVER get sick from food. I hope I didn't get anything long lasting from eating at this disgusting restaurant group's hell hole. 30 years in New Orleans and this might be my worst meal ever.. go to Popeyes. You're less likely to get sick and have some money in your pocket for music or that swamp tour(if you are a tourist).My wife and I tried Briquette on our last night visiting New Orleans and we were not disappointed. We started out with the Caramelized Sea Scallops with charred poblano butter, and fried goat cheese grits. Delicious! It all seemed to melt in our mouths. I kept on cutting my bites smaller so it would last longer. 
For dinner I had the Blackened Redfish with grilled gulf shrimp, fried green tomatoes, fresh arugula, and a Chardonnay butter sauce. I enjoyed every bite. The fish was flaky and tender. The fried green tomatoes were the best I ever had. 
My wife had the New Orleans Catfish Platter with crispy fried Des Allemands catfish, rosemary fries, purple fennel slaw, house tartar sauce. The fish fell apart in your mouth and the fries were perfectly seasoned. 
Briquette has only been open about a year so it doesn't have that history of other staple restaurants in N.O have but don't let that turn you away. The building has its own cool history to it that they've kept throughout with the furniture and decor.I would give the more stars but we got stale bread and the server said it was made early in the day and she knew it was stale. The food was good but serving stake bread and knowing it is unexcusable.The food was not the best. It was not the worst. The restaurant is beautiful but I was not impressed. The server was extremely friendly. I had the crab bisque. I added salt. It was not my favorite bisque but the crab meat was fresh and tasty. I ordered the burger. Nice size and flavors. I used a Groupon. I will try this restaurant or dinner.Overall my experience was pleasant. Food, atmosphere, and staffs were wonderful. Cost is a bit pricey but you most definitely get what you paid for. The portion is big and dessert was delightful. I would definitely come back in the future.
The reason why I gave the place a four star is because the crawfish on top of the redfish was cold, tough and felt like it wasn't fresh , tasted gamey. Aside from that the rest of the plate was mouthwatering. The Meyer Lemon Cloud, I would pass on it, because it didn't really have much flavor or sweetness. The Molasses Factory Foster is to die for. Hands down, it is one of the best dessert I have ever tried. Realistically I would rate the place a 9/10.WOW. i HAD READ SOME BAD REVIEWS... I could not understand why. The service was great. Our server Michael was on point and had great recommendations. The two owners were bartending, helping out in the kitchen, interacting with the guests... double and triple dutying. 3 chefs in the kitchen...excellent job chefs! Had the Alaskan halibut and the Sword. Many leftovers. Everything was spot on. A totally unexpected find! I will definitely go back and recommend to friends. Thank you groupon for helping me find this awesome restaurant. Definitely sit by the open kitchen and watch the chefs do their magicTop Notch Cuisine In New Orleans
This place not only has a nice decor, the food is quite elegant. I ordered the Charred kale salad, steamed Prince Edward mussels, and the whole grilled branzino fish. Two of us shared the mussel appetizer and I was pleasantly surprised how enjoyable it was despite the fact I'm not much on mussels. The salad was fine but I wasn't too impressed with it. I like anchovies and the bread that accompanied the salad had fresh anchovies on them. Never had those before, and I'm more accustomed to the oiled ones in the can. The fish was delicious as well as the mustard like Hollandaise sauce that accompanied. The is a pricey tourist restaurant but is worth trying.We had a reservation far 8 people, we sat promptly. Steven was our waiter and was quick to welcome us and take our drink orders. He was very helpful with suggestions and not rushing us to order. We order from the introductions, crab cakes, scallops and grits, and corn and crab bisque; all were great and came to table quick.  To top off the visit the owner came introduce himself and brought dessert for a couple of birthdays we had at the table. Overall we had a great time and would recommend Briquette to all our friends and family.  Please make sure to ask for Steven.I had the red fish and my friend had the snapper. They were just ok.   The lump crab meat napoleon was delicious. The service was good.We were ready to get away from the French quarter and ventured down near the river walk. This was an excellent restaurant. I had the creole gumbo and the snapper. Highly recommend this place.First impressions are lasting. The people behind this restaurant wanted the locals to know who they are and what they are about which says a lot to me. They created what they called a buzz event to attract the people from the neighborhood. 
At  the event they set up several stations showing off the techniques of the sous chefs that will be behind the kitchens in Briquette and sister restaurant next door Opal Basil. I was able to hit up conversations with each one and executive chef Robert Vasquez while experiencing the flavor they will be pushing out of their kitchens. 
Don't forget to check out the bar and don't underestimate the younger bartenders. They are just as amazing and full of personality as the older guys. Ashley made one of the best Long Island Teas I have had in a while. 
Can't wait to try out the menu!Horrible service on professional staff including the manager. Would not recommend this place to anyone ever. My prediction this place will be out of business within six months. Terrible experience!The real deal. No fish more than 4 days out of the water. Great selections. Prices unbelievable. Mr. Tusa gave us a tour of the kitchen on Christmas Eve. Full happy staff. One minor issue:  valet parking for $15 plus a tip!  Amateur mistake. Not worthy of a class place.Enjoyed one of the most delicious meals I've had in NOLA.  Their seafood gumbo was wonderful.  The snapper and charred kale was also delicious.  My husband enjoyed the redfish and rosemary seasoned fries.  Then there was their bread pudding beignets... OH HAPPY DAY!!Yummm the desserts all sounded sinfully delicious  and service was fantastic! I can appreciate the restaurant wanting to maintain the classic appeal of upper scale just to assure the integrity is upheld, dress code was enforced. I ordered the lobster bisque and was not let down, AT ALL. The creamy broth covered with large pieces of Texas size lobster was so good I nearly yelled Yeww Haww at the top of my lungs in the restaurant! *I digress* I would for sure try more items at this amazing spot, seafood was clearly done right by these people.My first time in New Orleans and this was my first meal.  It was a great choice!!  I got the scallops appetizer, which was a nice size and very tasty.  I ordered the triple tail as my entree and it was an amazing whole fish of goodness on display.  The deep fried ice cream was a nice touch to top off the night.  Wonderful service and an easy walk from the hotel.  I'll be back and I'll bring friends!!!!Overall a big disappointment. Out of 6 girls at the table no one loved their meal. Looking at past reviews this place seemed promising however I feel that there are better options to eat in NOLA. Fish was overcooked and the Oysters Benville were mostly breading. The wait staff was very attentive and was able to accommodate our schedule so we could leave on time for our tour.I absolutely love Briquette! It has an upscale ambience, but you can still find amazing food on the menu without breaking the bank! If you ever dine here, ask to tour the kitchen if it's not suggested. They specialize in preparing whole fish over an open flame. You are always welcome to see the fresh selections up close and personal. I opted for the blackened redfish...it was absolutely delicious! It was accompanied with grilled shrimp over fried green tomatoes. The fish was nestled on a small bed of arugula and the butter sauce was deliciously rich. I also requested lump crab atop my fish. The staff is professional and courteous and you should expect excellent service. I always dine at Briquette when I visit New Orleans.The Crispy Deviled Egg! The Absinthe! The Mixologists! The Exceptional service! I really just love everything about this place!Loved everything! The drinks were a little pricey in my opinion but the grits are to die for. I had the lobster omelette...best omelette ever! This was my favorite eating spot while visiting NOLA. Must go! 
Note that the wait times can get very long. I waited about 1 1/2 hours. I'd say get there first thing or close to closing, it was a lot less busy. Not really good for groups.Terrible food.  Bartender was the worst I've ever dealt with. Zero personality and no atmosphere.Good place.
Great food. 
Try scallops
Duck confit 
Service is excellent. Cocktails are made super professionally and very generously. Next time we will definitely try grilled Bronzino (whole fish).My husband and I are in town for a conference. It's been years since we were in New Orleans and were really looking forward to the trip. We are very friendly easy going people. The night we visited the restaurant was not busy at all - is was a Monday night. Tony was our rude waiter and he must have been having a bad night. He had an attitude and an edge from the moment we sat down. We tried to overlook the attitude and enjoy our night in spite of him. We ordered drinks and an appetizer within 10 minutes of sitting down and when Tony came to take our order we told him very nicely we needed a little more time. He looked angry, walked behind me and under his breath said "it's gonna be a long night". Needless to say I'd had enough. I asked for the manager and told him what happened and asked him for a different waiter. The manager was a young man who needs lessons in how to take care of your customers. He acted like he had never had to deal with an issue before. There was no genuine concern or desire to find out more. He did assign a new server Brandon to the table and he was incredible as was the food. The manager looked away when I tried to make eye contact during dinner to thank him and tell him how awesome Brandon was. He only asked how everything was as we were walking out the door. Rude Tony and an inept manager definitely put a damper on the evening. Food was good but in a city full of good food service is what sets you apart. Brandon you are awesome and I hope you find a restaurant where everyone is more like you!!I had gotten a Groupon prior to our trip to New Orleans to use at the Briquette. I had no idea where it was or what the menu may look like. 
The absolute best gamble I have ever taken. 
We made reservations for 5:30 on a Wednesday. When we arrived the place was empty. Another nervous moment. The server escorted us to a table close to the open kitchen. 
I had Chicken and Sausage Gumbo for starters and it was delicious. We both had blackened Red fish, fried green tomatoes and grilled shrimp as our Entree. 
I don't remember our server's name but he was excellent and treated us like royalty. 
Our next trip to New Orleans and we will be going back. 
Btw the restaurant was filling up by the time we were leaving. Great food Great Atmosphere Great Service.We had a party of 8 and it was fantastic! I could eat 3 servings of the Oysters Bienville. I ordered the chili salmon which was a tiny bit overcooked for me, but delicious nonetheless. Also, our server Jackie was amazing took great care of our group and even brought us some shots at the end of our meal.Best seafood and chicken! The blackened red fish was great, the fried tomatoes are very unusual tasting. Patrick our server was great, this was one of the best places for service I received my whole trip! My wife loved her chicken panee limoneHad dinner at the bar this evening.  Started off with the oysters bienville, which were outstanding.  Plump, sweet, and bathed in a sauce of tomato and bacinEverything was great sides desert  / got the Crab Cakes, Corn & Crab Soup,  Steak fillet, everything done perfect.....
Go for the desert the beignet balls / unbelievably good.....
Only problem/ the Staff or Service very inexperienced / I'm sure with time it will improve......Lovely place... nice spot for a sexy date...  dressing up is optional... be prepared for the open kitchen show... watching the chef's prepare our meal was interesting...
The scallops with poblano butter and fried grits was divine... the NY stripe steak entrusted in bleu chesse was like butter...
Sorry we were to hungry to take pictures..!
A Nola must....
#eTRmI went to school in New Orleans and I always refer to it as home. Every time that I come back to the city, I love visiting the new places that have popped up since Katrina. My husband and I stumbled upon Briquette and it didn't disappoint! We had great service from the time we stepped in the door until when we left! Our server was Timmie and he was excellent! He had a great personality and you could really tell that he was really passionate about the food. He gave great recommendations (I had the Snapper Pontchartrain and my husband had the Redfish on the Half-shell with Crabmeat) and they lived up to the hype that Timmie gave us! They were cooked perfect and were very filling. All in all, I would definitely come back again to try their other seafood dishes the next time I'm in town. Also, don't hesitate to get a beverage... I loved the Royal 75! Thanks to Timmie and Briquette for a great dining experience!I am a bit harsh on how I review being from a family of chefs. The food was good but we both got whole fish which is hard to show creativity. I expect the rest of the food on the menu would be good based on the olive relish and the other condiments on the plates. 
The wait staff was so-so but the front of house is the hardest to get right in a new restaurant. But I will have to say I was looking at the kitchen the entire night which for me is how you can see if a restaurant is going to be good. The kitchen staff is well oiled and the head chef gets the food plated expertly. He obviously knows how to run a kitchen.
I don't think they are at the top of their game yet but I think they are worth the visit and will be great within a short time.Excellent food and great service with beautiful atmosphere. 
Make reservations ahead of time, and get there about 5 minutes early so you get seated! Our server was awesome and he made excellent recommendations for our first time there.
We had the Louisiana Redfish on a Half Shell and the Chicken Marsala + Pasta and the Praline Beignets!
Also had the Aperol spritz cocktail and the Amber "The Boot" beer.Tried Briquette tonight, we both ordered the New York Strip and both steaks were cooked as ordered. When ordering we asked if we could substitute a different salad and were told "of course". When the food came it did not have the potatoes so we asked about them and were told because we changed the salad they "substituted" our salad for the potatoes and salad that came with the meal - it would have been nice to be told this when we ordered! Then we get the bill and they have charged us full price for the meal + full price for the salad! Called our waiter (Brandon) over to explain the "mistake" and he simply replied that's how they do it and made no attempt to address the issue. Makes no sense to me, if I'm going to pay full price for the meal and a salad give me everything I paid for! The steaks were pretty good but because of how they handled this, we won't be back.Found a Groupon for this New Orleans restaurant in the warehouse district.  It did not disappoint as the food was spectacular and the atmosphere was just as wonderful.  This would make an idea romantic date night for locals or just some great food for those like us who were just passing through.This place is a gem - right up there with all the very best New Orleans restaurants.  I had an incredible meal earlier this evening with the absolute best chicken and andouille gumbo.  You could tell that loving care and a great deal of time went into preparing it because the roux was gloriously dark and had a marvelous flavor.  Everything I had was shockingly superb.  The prices were not bad at all, the atmosphere is beautiful and very comfortable.  The service was impeccable.  In fact, I think the wine pours they offer are more generous than any restaurant.  I look forward to going back soon and trying the chocolate Creme Brûlée.A quick Yelp search for steak landed us at Briquette. Although know for fresh fish they met my expectations perfectly.  My daughter and I had a great bottle of wine and an appetizer of scallops to begin. Not normally a fan of scallops I was very impressed with a wonderful texture and flavor. Not tough, just right. They were placed on grits which were really good. There were many large groups on this Saturday night but all the servers were attentive, truly working as a team. The open kitchen provided great entertainment and the atmosphere was festive. My daughter had salmon and I, of course, had steak. Both perfectly done. Our dessert was fried ice cream, our favorite. Overall this was our best meal experience visiting NOLA. Glad to have found this gem on yelp.Food was absolutely phenomenal which kept me from rating this establishment as a 3 for such slow service. The waiter was friendly but we had to ask for our white wine bottle to be chilled and the time we had to wait to order and for our food was on a level of high frustration. Im glad I tried this restaurant and would come back... we came on a Tuesday and expected much better service for such a low key evening. Again the food was great. I had the Alaskan halibut which was amazing. My pals had the red fish and catfish platter, all meals were thoroughly enjoyed.Fair. Staff was a bit surly, we came in with a larger group (10) and the place was empty but they wanted to seat us in the corner at the back of the room and gave us a hard time when we wanted to sit in a better location. Food was ok but not great and a bit on the expensive side.Amazing quality seafood!! Would absolutely give this quaint New Orleans restaurant 5 stars. Shared a delicious Red Snapper with my boyfriend as well as a sea food tower of mussles. Wonderful for a high quality evening/ restaurant is very charming.Exceptional service and the freshest of menus! Waitstaff is top notch. We enjoyed Thanksgiving dinner there and it was a delight from start to finish.Went there for a corporate dinner while in Nola for a conference. Got the Oyster Bienville en Casserole (phenomenal, 10/10), lump crab bisque soup (pretty good, 6.5/10) and the Louisiana Redfish on the on the half-shell (surprising amazing 9/10). Service was a little forgetful, asked for a second drink and they forgot to bring it, otherwise they were great. Everyone else enjoyed their food. The desserts were just fine. 
I think the kicker was the total wasn't even that expensive at the end. Thought we would pay a lot more and was pleasantly surprised. But that could just be me used to NY prices. 
New Orleans has a lot of great food. But if you are looking for a fancy night out with good wine and good food, Briquette is definitely a good option.Joined friends here for a little party, knowing only it was new. Its a big place but its friendly and warm, comfortable.  
It was not terribly noisy, which was great, we could visit.. and the place is beautiful, open, contemporary.  The seafood display was lovely & fun, being able to watch the kitchen action and admire fresh seafood. Best of all the manager and wait staff were very informative, and it seems even the chef paid attention to what we wanted, like specific requests or changes. The bar offered an interesting variety of cocktails and wines.   
Delicious is not the best description of the food, it was more than delicious.  It was fresh, flavorful, imaginative, Italian/Sicilian/Creole authentic.  Among the 10 dinners at the table, all were raved about. 
I think this place will become a New Orleans classic and will be here for a long time.  At least I hope it will.  Its a great place to meet friends for a great dinner, as there is Valet parking at the door. Perfect.  We're going back.  Its a great place to take guests from other parts of the world because the food is not typical New Orleans touristy spicy, which europeans don't like.Honestly I probably shouldn't even review since I didn't stay but I feel like I should share.  I went in on a Thursday.  Loved the menu online.  I went to sit at the bar as intended.  I sat.  And could not get past the smell of garbage and spoilt fish. I had to walk out.Simply the best food, service,atmosphere, and all around restaurant in the area. For any occasion, I highly recommend Briquette. It's number one on my list for visitors, family dinner, and just getting a drink.My family and I recently celebrated my birthday dinner at the Briquette and I am glad we did. First of all the service was impeccable, our server, Darrell was amazing both in conversation and giving exact and helpful answers on anything we needed, the kind of genuine and friendly service that's hard to find these days. Second of all the food was amazing, I ate the blackened redfish and during the meal I said out loud "that is the best fish I have ever put in my mouth. The staff are also wonderful and welcoming, the environment is perfect and without blaring music it is a peaceful and delicious experience you will remember for a long time. The owner of the restaurant is very kind and outgoing, he allowed our party to see the kitchen and the fresh fish just waiting to be eaten. If I am ever back in New Orleans you can bet I'll come back to Briquette first.Coming in from Houston I thought I'd try this place since it was near the hotel. I got  the old fashioned and it was good and strong. I ordered the gumbo and it was chicken and sausage from and seafood restaurant which is odd. You would think they would have had seafood but it was okay. I also got the fried catfish and it was fresh, clean, tender, and severely under seasoned. I was highly disappointed.This was the worst meal I have ever had! The crab bisque had chicken. Everything was super salty. Everything was over made. The crab cake was awful. The mussels were in a goopy sauce, not a white wine sauce. The scallops were over cooked and had some nasty sauce. We were looking forward to the corn bread appetizer we read about in the reviews. We got chicken liver pate. The most disappointing meal I had in New Orleans. They also don't have a menu online. 
Only good thing is the space is trendy and cool looking. They should spend more time focusing on their food instead of decorations. Disgusting!One of the most overpriced restaurants in a 14 day trip.  Want water at your table?  That's $7 for a bottle. Branzino wasn't that great.  Wife ordered Pork Porterhouse cooked Medium. When it came out it was still "Oinking". Another 15 minutes of cooking time. Desserts were very good. There are other choices, I'd choose one.We tried this place through Groupon.  The food and service were fantastic.  We wouldn't have come to known this place otherwise.  The ambience is superb and the building has nice gas lights. We tried market catch sandwich and Briquette pasta.  The waiter suggested items and drinks after listening to our preferences.  The taste buds were truly satisfied.  Try to get out of FrencH quarter and taste some great food in warehouse district.Totally the pinnacle of our trip. Great food, service and experience.  Open kitchen concept with full view of the entire kitchen. Pork chop was amazing and so was Snapper. A bit pricey but totally worth the splurge.Perfect in so many ways.  This was the last dinner we ate while visiting for Mardi Gras and it was the proverbial icing on the cake.  The seafood was fresh and delicious.  Our waitress, Elizabeth, was wonderful.  The open view kitchen and great wine list were just bonuses.We were walking around and found this place. May I say everything was delicious. It was a bit busy so food took a little longer to get to us but it was worth the wait. Our waiter was super polite and attentive. I will definitely recommend this place. All the food we ordered was savory and tasty.This place was bomb AF! Seriously I am honestly one of the hardest reviewers I know. The snapper pontchertrain and the district tournedos were absolutely amazing. 
The highlight is def the BREAD PUDDING BEIGNETS! Do not leave without trying these! Enjoy!Today is Mardis Gras. They were crazy busy. It was difficult. Kudos to the staff and manager for still providing good food with a smile. Will be back.This place has premium new orleans steakhouse prices. 
That being said, mediocre service, marginally cooked food, frozen Brussels sprouts, notch above Chili's vibe...
You can do better in New Orleans for sureEnjoyed an amazing meal with friends & family here. The mussels were great as well as the chef's special crab cake. Beautiful place & food that's worth taking photos of!Highly recommend this amazing dining experience! Had the blackened red fish.  Very fresh and flavorful! On the side there were shrimp and fried Green tomatoes. Excellent salad. Great wine selection and cocktails. The atmosphere is also very appealing the kitchen is visible from every seat. Excellent service. There are a lot of restaurants in New Orleans to choose from but this stands out from the rest.Three scallops are not worth 16 dollars, also the chicken pasta was burnt badly. It was 24 dollars. 
Portions are small. The chicken pasta was also bland. The service felt rushed. Not worth the $102... will not be backFood was great, particularly the blackened redfish. Service was very good as well. Entrees are reasonably priced for the quality of food.First visit to Briquette and it impressed. We felt the chef was just cooking for us.  
Food was so flavorable, tasty and the plates were creatively garnished. 
My friend and I enjoyed the fish we ordered; the cocktails were amazing and the service was a 10.
I love, love this spot.  It is great.
Enjoy!Really nice place. We tried the sea bass and it was delicious. The server was also really nice. Would go back to eat again.Great food and drinks but the service was a bit odd. The server was not very accommodating when we had questions about the menu due to allergies but the manager stepped in and helped a lot. We had two tables and the second table had a smoother and pleasant experience. Overall a good place.What an experience!! Amazing food incredible staff and the owner AJ is awesome! We had the salmon and pork porterhouse. Everything was so tasty and we even got a glass of complimentary wine! Truly a great dinning experience and I would recommend checking out this spot if you are in town. It is very clean and AJ makes you feel like part of the family.First off, the food is amazing and it was easy as hell to get a table. Good portion size and decently priced. But our waiter TJ took us for a ride. My gf and I got a salmon plate and a shrimp pasta. Each one costed under $30. When I looked at the menu and it said option to load it up for $10, we thought we might as well. We told our waiter, after he had suggested so many times, to do exactly that. 
When we got the bill, it was a $30 upcharge per person. The add-on "load it up" costed more than the dinner itself.
TLDR; go here and the food is bomb but don't load it up. When you think it'll cost you $10, it'll cost you $30.Horrible service. Food was barely warm. Fish was rubbery. Duck was not edible. I sent the ahi tuna back it was so fishy. Waited for 30 minutes for the valet to go get car. Asked where the valet was 3 times. Turns out she was standing there watching the party bus across the street. WILL NEVER RETURN.One of the best pieces of fish I have ever had. Ever. Excellent service, good wine selections and overall great experience. Even got to tour the kitchen with the owner. I had the redfish and others had the snapper. Both were fantastic.These was the most amazing meal we have eaten in months ! The Service,  the ambience The Decor the wine selection ,  food selection everything was perfect my husband got a lemon drop martini with gray goose vodka I got a mai tai with strawberries for a drink absolutely delicious we got an appetizer it was a lump crabmeat Napoleon it was succulent for our meals he got the rich poboy  Yes , I  said Rich not a POORboy !!! Awesome name for the entree. I  I got the salmon with a great cake . The The rich sandwich the beef was like butter it was a fillet mignon wow Wah with blue cheese on top arugula and tomatoes I couldn't believe it incredible incredible ... wow all I can say again is wow the most amazing meal we have had in a month our server Tess was so personable and knowledgeable attentive I recommend this place 150% great job we will be backThis place has been open for about 8 weeks, but I thought we could give it a try as I read that they have an amazing Chef from Florida.  We ordered the red fish with crab meat on top with seafood gumbo for appetizer. Red fish was the best I've had , cooked just right , season & tenderness. We ordered Creme bru le for dessert , but unfortunately it was COLD. Coming from Texas that is a no go . Waiter was very nice & asked if he could "warm it up " for us , but we declined. Overall great place , we will return.  Highly recommend but be prepared to spend some $$$$.Seven of us dined this evening. Every dish was heavenly. We thoroughly enjoyed! Look forward to going back!3 stars is probably kind. One of the least impressive meals I've had in New Orleans in awhile. The place itself looks nice but gets very loud as it fills up. Our server was ok but not great. While it was slow she talked a lot with the other servers and when it got busy she became overwhelmed. Either way it took much more time than it should have to order and get food and drinks. The lump crabmeat appetizer was great but that could not be said about the entrees. I had the Rib-eye medium rare. It was a little undercooked and had no char or flavor to it. My wife's halibut was ok but the whole dish was ruined by way too much sea salt. On a brighter note the drinks were good. Maybe it was an off night but it left me so underwhelmed I will not be returning to find out...there are way too many amazing restaurants nearbyOutstanding restaurant. Came here with my husband while visiting NOLA. Got a bottle of white wine (forgot which one it was, a blend of some sort). Loved the option to go see the fish that was available to be prepared whole and grilled. We got the sea bass as well as the halibut entree on their menu. Both were absolutely delicious. Highly recommend!You will rave about this place and the owners as we loved them and their hospitality and it's ambiance. The restaurant has so much history and a lot of heart and soul has been poured into it from the floor up. Now for the wine it's the best display cabinet and showcase. If your in for just a happy hour it's the 8oz pour and appetizers well worth it for $5.00 per. If you chose dinner it's out of this world with great fresh fish selections and for sure try the lamb puttanesca you will for sure be pleased...And while dining you can watch the top chef who is world renowned preparing thru a glass wall ,portions are above and beyond satisfaction and above expectations..Believe me the owners AJ and Anna will for sure go out of their way to make certain you are satisfied. 
And don't forget they have the Cajon restaurant right next door if your up for cajon casual. So I highly reccomend Briquette.The food was tasty! I went during lunch and it was very quiet. Service could have been better but the food made up for it. I enjoyed my shrimp and gumbo. I am only giving it a 3 because of the wait time. Very slow to get my order and refill my drinks.We ate here at lunch. We had the gumbo (both kinds), Rich boy Po Boy and Barbecue Shrimp Po Boy. The gumbo is good. I preferred the chicken/andouille as opposed to the seafood one because the crab permeated the whole dish and I am not a huge fan of the cooked crab taste. The chicken/andouille was well spiced, flavorful but not too spicy. I can't handle spicy and I ate the whole bowl. The barbecue shrimp sandwich had shrimp, gravy, fried green tomatoes, and lettuce. The sandwich was good, the shrimp was great. I wanted the fried green tomatoes to add a little more acidity, they weren't very flavorful and I wasn't expecting gravy on a barbecue sandwich. I'm from California so I assumed the sauce would have a more barbecue flavor. It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting. The food was good, I would come here again, but I would order something different.Came here for a second visit and left even more impressed then first time. Service was on point, acknowledged my request as we entered in regards to seating preferences. Food was outsranding ! Our server was wonderful and very friendly. I highly recommend tis gem! So not your typical "creole New Orleans tourist attraction".. top notch and eclectic.Our server was great and had good suggestions. My only disappointment was their seafood options on the menu. If you like fish this is the place to be, but if you are looking for shellfish your options are limited. I ordered the Caramelized sea scallops and lump crab bisque. They were delicious. My husband ordered Louisiana red fish on the half shell. Neither one of us were disappointed with our choices.First timer.
Ambience: 5 stars. Relaxing and inviting.
Service: 5 stars. Very accommodating staff!
Pork Porterhouse: 5 stars. It has a blue cheese crust with fig demi glace!!! Yummmmmmmmy although it looks strange but is flavorful. It is nested on a mashed pork belly/plantain combo (it was surprising)
Molasses Factory Foster: : 5 stars. Sweet fried plantains (how can you go wrong). It was very good and flavorful. Nice touch with the cinnamon rum butter however the flavors would have exploded if it had a stronger rum flavor.Wow, where do I start?!?! Everything was to die for. The atmosphere is great, the employees are amazing and the food was the best I've eaten in a long time. The filet melts in your mouth. The crabcakes and oyster appetizers were delicious. To top it off the desserts were unbelievable. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and drinks. I loved this place!Normally, I don't review a place for better or worse. However, after waiting 55mins for my cocktail, I am inclined to review this restaurant. The food was amazing! The service was the worst in New Orleans. I am unsure if our waiter was just that forgetful, new or incompetent.Dinner last evening was really good. Darrell, our server, was very helpful in directing our meal choices. The Oysters Bienville were so succulent we just dove in & devoured them. Great choice!  I had the Snapper Pontchatrain with pomme frites & baby green beans. Snapper was perfect. The pomme frites were so so. The green beans were ok too. My husband had the blackened redfish with plantain mash & green beans. He loved the plantain mash. His fish was very good as well. Both dishes had a lump crab meat garnish that we thought was a little fishy. It was our anniversary and they honored us with a floating meringue dessert and Darrell sang "Happy Anniversary" to us; which was very cute. Nice ambiance in the dining room with a glass enclosed kitchen; which is cool. We had a good time & really enjoyed our meal!Christmas Eve dinner with my parents started out good. The Salmon pate amuse and Prince Edward mussels were delicious and reminded us of our time living in the Pacific Northwest. My house salad was good. The dressing light with a hint of citrus. The Pork Belly Salad Mom and Dad had were ok but the creole mustard dressing was heavy and over done. It needed to be lightened or thinned or served on the side. The disappointing parts were all in the main course. Filet tournedos ordered med rare were medium. Scallops served with them were overcooked and rubbery, the green beans were over cooked, wrinkly and soft with no crisp or toothsomeness, and clearly it had waited for service because the arugula on the plate was shriveled. Dad's Halibut was overcooked and dry, the root vegetables were actually delicious, but what was thought to be sauteed mushrooms and onions was actually brussel sprouts so over cooked to lacking in color and tasting like smothered cabbage which doesn't really go with Halibut in my mind the way properly cooked green brussel sprouts would have. We actually thought they subbed out the sprouts for mushrooms. Mom's red snapper was also over cooked and dry with the second root vegetables as Dad's but she also was unfortunate to have a similar batch of green beans as I had: wrinkly and soft and mushy in your mouth. We reviewed the dessert menu but it was mainly one note of chocolate and/or caramel with only an option of pavlova or creme brulee if you were looking to finalize your meal. 
Our server was lovely and did a great job but overall, they appeared to be slightly under staffed and the kitchen backed up.
Over all...... But not sure I'll be back to try them on a less busy night since I live not far from the restaurant.Nice restaurant in the warehouse district. Food was excellent, but the service was extremely slow. My husband and I sat for about 10 minutes without even water. Drinks were tasty, but it took way too long for them to come out. Our waiter had too many tables to keep up with in a timely manner. $150 dinner is quite high for the portion sizes.This restaurant located in the Warehouse District; a 12-minute walk from the French Quarter is a 'must go' which we do on our frequent trips to New Orleans.  While specializing in fish/seafood they also have Filet & Duck on the menu.  Our favorite appetizers are the Caramelized Sea Scallops and Broiled Oysters Rockefeller.  We've had Sword FIsh, Branzino, Salmon, for main courses; all cooked to perfection and a side "Briquette Salad".  Beware -- food portions are very large.  Request Benjamin to be your server for absolutely impeccable service.   He doesn't miss a beat!  You will be back!!!Food and service was outstanding!! Chef came out on request! Will return when in NOLA again!!!Went to Briquette for the first time to night. Their new chef Guy was amazing. Had the whole, red fish and it was amazing. The service to was very good, friendly staff.
Highly recommend and will definitely be back.Went here on a date night end of August 2019.
This is officially one of my favorite restaurants in the city. My husband and I are always on the lookout for good seafood restaurants and this one had been on our radar for awhile.
We ordered the Oysters Bienville and seafood gumbo/bisque to start. They were all delicious. My husband wasn't a fan of the bisque, but he doesn't like Sherry and the flavor is strong. If you like Sherry (like me), then it is great.
The wine list is fun and the cocktail list is dependable. The beer selection is lacking, but that's the closest thing to a criticism I can come up with.
The. Fish. Is. Incredible.
First off, we were seated near the kitchen (which is open), so you can see anything. I ordered the Turbot and my husband ordered the redfish. We could watch then take our fish off of ice right in front of us and watch them being prepared!  The flavors on the fish were amazing. My turbot was prepared with a butter sauce but the fish was so light it basically dissolved in my mouth. There were sides of some sort on my plate, but for the life of me I couldn't tell you what they were. The fish was that incredible. 
We ordered the bread pudding beignets for dessert. They were amazing but we couldn't finish them because the dinner portions were so big.
Out waitstaff's name was Tony. He was funny and super knowledgeable and even got us into the kitchen to meet the chef and look at the fish!
The entire experience was just so wonderful. I will definitely be back. The prices are very reasonable for the quality and amount of food that you get!We live in the neighborhood so we're always happy to eat at nearby places. Apps are usually a better value than mains (and in NOLA almost as large) and they often showcase the kitchen's talents, so we tried a few. We were most definitely not impressed; the scallop over grit cake was mingy and uninspired, the gumbo was too tomatoey, and the Old Fashioned was too sweet. But, we figured we'd give them another try for happy hour, and our assessment went from meh to bad; most places like Emeril, Luke, Bombay Club showcase tasty little morsels at HH, but not Briquette; two blandly-seasoned shrimp, ordinary French fries and another dish I can't even remember at $5 each were a waste. On top of that, service was painfully slow (even when we were the only ones there!) and prices are high. I honestly don't understand why this place gets such a high score.I am visiting New Orleans for a family wedding and stopped in down the street from my hotel. Great Catfish and cocktails were spoiled by our seemingly charming bartender, Ted, who upon further conversation turned out to be offensive and sexist. Sorry I don't want to hear about Ted's exploits "supporting the single mother's income and tuition" as they are pole dancing. He made it clear his view on women, LGBT community, and anyone who doesn't look like him.  Sorry, Ted. You left a very bad taste for me. Get your bucks to tuck somewhere else. Big thumbs down.We made a reservation on open table for 11/17/19 @ 7 pm.
When our party of 3 arrived the hostess motioned with her hand that the menus where at the desk for us to grab. Not experienced that reception before.
We then explained we had a reservation and why did she assume we were there to order to go ?
She made some inaudible excuse and showed us to a table we did not want to sit at it was to near the 
kitchen for us . We were taken to a larger table further from the kitchen and we got seated when the manager came over and said we could not sit there .
By this time the cool reception we received made us want to leave and dine elsewhere . Before exiting we let the manager know how inhospitable and rude this all was. He try to appease us with free drinks at the bar before we left . The Barman had obviously been told we were not happy and he too joined forces and gave us a salty attitude .
We got up and left and had an amazing dinner and service at another steak house . 
Not sure if owners Lindsay and Robert check reviews but our check in the other restaurant was $355 and your employees lost that business for you !My first visit to this lovely restaurant new to warehouse district. First the positive comments-great service and very personal touch by the owner down to the server. The decor is was wonderful and sparkling clean. The starters were great drinks. The were excellent. Then it took down turn. The scallops were okay but had funny after taste. Not sure why but the grits are fried and thought it might be the oil fried in. My friends each different fish dishes. None of them liked them- to fishy tasting, fried fish was liked funny tasting from the oil being old, halibut was great tasting but dry and the other over cooked. The roasted vegetables were over cooked and not edible at all. The fried potatoes were colorful but again funky taste lingered after probably due to the old oil. We didn't have salads or soups but our neighbors at next table enjoyed them. The dessert was good but not great. The chocolate cream brûlée was good but nothing to write home about. The lemon fluff or cloud everyone liked which was the mar-rang alone. The beignet were fried and too oily. Would not recommend them. We left with a bill over 100 each and disappointed. I really loved the people and the restaurant but the food was lacking. The last down fall was the poor one person valet and parking was very difficult. All in all the experience was good but not the food.  Give a try and hopefully they've improved.In town for a conference and walked to restaurant with four colleagues. Ambiance was terrific, so much so we were surprised so few tables were occupied. Everyone but one enjoyed their meal. The mussels were not to my friend's liking. But they quickly removed the item from her bill. I greatly enjoyed a bowl of the turtle gumbo (tasted a bit like chili in a way) and the whole branzino (white and flaky deliciousness). Cost was a bit pricier than other restaurants but certainly worth it. And Cat was a great server.We got a very affordable Groupon for Briquette and decided to give it a try. Started with the scallops and goat cheese polenta. The scallops were pretty good and the sauce was the beat part.  Would probably skip next time. We had the chefs gumbo of the day which was a typical sausage and gumbo. The roux was very tasty. My husband and I split the whole red snapper which was the highlight of the meal. The sauce was so delicious! The fish was beyond fresh. They really know how to prepare their fish! The waitress was a doll and so pleasant and helpful. Would like to go back and try some other items and another fish!