I laugh as I write this review. 
One late night, after going to a show, after a few drinks, on our way back to the hotel, we were trying to find a place to have food that was open. My boyfriend was asking what I wanted to eat. I looked up, lost and confused pointing to the bright sign that said FRIED CHICKEN. 
I will never forget the puzzled face my boyfriend gave me. Perhaps all those posh restaurants, and five star yelp hole in the wall places painted a vision in his head - it set the tone of what type of food I may like. 
We waited on the line, and boy was this the BEST fried chicken I ever had. The mustard. The chicken. I couldn't believe it. I thought maybe I could blame my late night. 
I went back the following day to try again, and it was just as amazing. 
I would fly all the way from NYC just to eat this chicken again. I laugh because it's like a 7/11. The total came to a whopping $5.99! 
Oh my goodness. Delicious. I have yet to try fried chicken that is as moist and flavorful.If you are craving fried chicken and there is nothing nearby this is a good stop. Ordered a 6 piece chicken strip with fries for  $8.50. Get some Cajun seasoning!
Pretty decent crispy juicy chicken tenders! Fries were cold and soggy though.Visiting the CBD there are so many food choices. So I waited all day until I had time to go purchase this chcke, and the stomach room to enjoy it. When I walked in the door around 9 pm they had just finished frying a batch.  I bought a mixed 3 piece to share and I didn't want to because it was so good. Very crispy, tender, and a little spicy. If you ask me it's better than Popeyes and KFC. I'll definitely be back again.I stop at the one in Metairie.  Chicken is always good, but try the 2-piece Fish & Fries (or sub red beans, or mashed potatoes).  $4.59 for 2 big fillets and more fries than you can eat!.  They fry it to order, so it's hot & fresh.  Only downside:  No Crystal Hot Sauce, either to go or on the shelf to buy!Good crunch, very juicy, nice color and well seasoned.  The white meat was perfect amount of juicy and crunch. Dark meat was equally flavorful but just a tad greasy. Still a great value.This place is not really a restaurant and not really a convenience store! They do have good, cheap chicken and they are open 24 hours. OK, if forced to choose between McDonalds or some other common fast food fare and Brother's Chicken I would choose Brother's, this is great late night drunk food. EXPECTATIONS...Other than the chicken everything else is over priced but if you have the munchies and you like fried chicken look no further.We were Referred to this place by the bellhop at our hotel and while we appreciate the thought... Skip this place. You can get quality new Orleans meals for about the same price anywhere else. No thank you!The chicken is way too good to be from a c-store. So good.
They have an impressively extensive selection of sexual aid pills at the front counter.
The cashiers are hilariously surly all the time. It's like the half-opposite of Cheers: they'll recognize you but still hate you.
There's an ICEE machine and a Blockbuster rental machine.
They sell both the regular and light versions of the world's nastiest alcoholic beverage: Budweiser Chelada (LA COMBINACION PERFECTA!!).
You'll meet a lot of interesting people when everyone mobs this place for fried foods in the wee hours of the morning.PERFECT PIT STOP after a night on Bourbon. The fries and fried chicken tenders were so good. The pieces were huge and the chicken was tender.don't be fooled by the corner store look. this place has some of the best fried chicken I have ever tasted!
my girlfriend and I came across this convenient store on our way to bourbon street. we noticed how the line was quite long. lo and behold, everyone was holding a box of brother's fried chicken. we take a look at the rest of the store and see the menu along with the food within windows. the chicken looked hot and golden underneath the heating lamps.
we ordered the 4 pc dark meat fried chicken combo with a side of cajun rice and a 4 pc tender box. we had to bring it back to our hotel room since there is no dining area. 
let me tell you. the fried chicken was AMAZING!  the chicken was very very juicy, not dry and old like some other places. the breading on the skin was perfect. a little kick of spices to it. the cajun rice was also delicious. sorta like a jambalaya taste to it. it came with slices of sausage also. 
the chicken tenders were some of the best I have ever eaten. I absolutely love chicken tenders. I am a huge fan of raising canes chicken tenders and these brother's chicken tenders put canes to shame. the breading wasn't too overwhelming. just the perfect amount of crunch to it. the chicken was juicy as well. I wish they had a location in Texas cause it would be my favorite chicken place for sure!
perks: 24 hours! chicken all day and night! also you have your standard convenient items as well. drinks, snacks, soda, beer, liquor, you name it. 
if you are near canal st and bourbon st and want some fried chicken, this is definitely the spot for you!Words cannot describe the scene here at 3 am . line out the door, clientele of homeless and wealthy, bottlerats and tourists - all with a common goal.getting fried chicken. And my god the 20 minute wait is worth it.
This blows the pants off any Popeye's or KFC. I would come back just to NOLA just for thisI am a self-proclaimed fried chicken connoisseur and I proclaim this place being legit.  I don't care that it's a hole in the wall or that it is also inside a convenient store.  I'm writing this review about the fried chicken.  One word.  Deliciousness.  Plain and simple.  Really good and seasoned friend chicken.  Slight kick but not overwhelming.  We came here three times and brought extra for our plane ride.Oh god this chicken was good...  it so wasn't what you would expect at a liquor store.  I mean i would have NEVER gone to a liquor store for chicken.  I stumbled upon this place on a drunken walk home from bourbon st.  I was staying at the renaissance up the block...  And i thought F+++ it! 
Wow...  so good.
I went back the next night... and the next!!!
For like 9 bucks I got a 3 piece meal, a gatorade, and a little pie.  dude!
The batter is crispy.  crunchy.  full of flavor.  The chicken meat was soft and moist.  It burst with juices as i bit into it.
insane good. :)Fried chicken from a convenience store?  OMG yes.  This is up there with the best fried chicken I've ever had.  The batter is just right with a perfect level of spiciness.
I'm taking a star off for the service, which was fine once but not so great (even for a convenience store) the other time.  But it's worth it for the chicken.We were staying at a hotel across the interstate and stopped here to get some po-boys. The po-boys were really good but I would not recommend the chicken livers they were not cooked very well and were extremely tough. You're better off buying your beer from a grocery store as it is overly priced here as is every gas station.Was just in Nola for our honeymoon and Brothers became our late night weakness! Whatever they're doing to that chicken is so damn good because here's the kicker... I'm a pescatarian (don't even eat chicken). But, Brothers... hmmm YES please!Get the meat pies. I'm not even sure what kind of meat is in it but they're sooooo good.Dude. This place is in the hood but the chicken was so good and CHEAP. Definitely, a must-visit when you want delicious fast food on a bargain. Tastier than Willie's. Don't be discouraged by the location or else you'll miss out! Who would have thought a mini mart would actually have fresh food. The guy was frying chicken on the spot as I placed my order. YUM!I really like their fried chicken and their meat pockets (empanadas).  The dark chicken is crispy and juicy.  I didnt care much for the french fries, kind of soft and soggy.  Definitively a cheap and quick eat on the go.I came here because I wanted a cheap, no frills dinner.  I like that you can pick the pieces you want instead of having to order a combo.  I ordered chicken legs because they are my favorite. It was pretty quick considering there was a line.  Nothing says class like eating fried chicken while sitting by the tiny roof top pool of your hotel, yup I am just that elegant.My first night in New Orleans was a blur, but one thing I DO remember is that Brother's chicken at 4 am. THIS IS THE BEST CHICKEN IVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.
No seriously. I am considering having a friend bring me some when they come to visit me from NOLA. 
No, seriously.This is so funny. Over 5 years ago I came down with my then gf for Essence. During the trip I stopped in Brothers and left with what would be the BEST FRIED CHICKEN I EVER HAD IN MY LIFE THUS FAR. The funny reality is every time I tell this story it goes like, "The best fried chicken I ever had was from a gas station in New Orleans" everyone laughs with amazement. One time I shared the story and a guy finished my sentence! He also had the same story lol!  This review is over 5 year late, yelp was probably not around. Yesterday after telling this story to a coworker, I thought to check yelp for this place and see if its listed. To my shock many have rated this fried chicken highly and the real funny thing is that this food mart is rated higher than many restaurants. If its still anything like it was 5 years ago it will be one of your favorite (if not the favorite) fried chicken experiences. I drove to Brothers gas station twice and did not get gas! I had the red beans & rice mmmmmm... I remember seeing pepper and seasoning under the crunchy yummy skin just worked into the meat. If your in NO you should go!Hands down the best fried chicken ever and it was dirt cheap! I had the munchies at night and trekked out to get some fried chicken. Got a thigh and wings and cost me only $3. The thigh was amazing, so crispy and had a nice kick from the seasoning. The meat was juicy and tender and was right out of the fryer.On the walk back to the hotel I picked up a bucket of fried chicken and a bottle of vodka.
At a convenience store. 
Life doesn't get better than this.When's the last time you walked into a convenient store and had some 'bomb-ass' fried chicken? I know what you're thinking..."WTF?" Right. That's what I thought. Well, rest assured. Such a place exists.
On my 3rd food stop of New Years Eve 2008, we stumbled into this Food Mart to pick up some water & Gatorade, to rehydrate and minimize any hangovers that were to come in the morning. Got what we came for, then i looked over near the cash register and saw..."Brother's Fried Chicken" Their slogan is "Often Imitated, Never Duplicated." Wow...kinda says it all, doesn't it? Yup, Fried Chicken, Chicken Tenders, Meat Pies, Steak Cut Fries, Fried Fish, Red Beans, Stuffed Jalapenos...all in a F*ckin' convenient store!!! "Only in New Orleans..."  I kept telling myself. Guess what else? Exactly. The chicken is f*ckin' good! F*ck KFC, F*ck Popeye's...Okay, maybe not F*ck Popeye's...but the chicken was as good as advertised. The meat Pies were frickin' good too. I don't know, maybe it's just me but... IS THERE ANYWHERE IN NEW ORLEANS WHERE THE FOOD IS NOT TASTY??? 
"Often Imitated, Never Duplicated."  SHIIIEEET...You ain't nevah lied!Very good and fresh fried chicken, and cheap!
It is a little weird to buy from a convenience store..You're drunk and hungry! Better yet, just hungry for some fried chicken. Guess where you need to go? Brothers Food Mart has the best friend chicken when all the other spot nearby is closed. Don't sleep on them. The great thing is its a convenience store so you can get all of your snacks, drinks under one roof!I really love a late night corner market, and his one delivers. We went to Brother's every night of our stay except one. Great chicken and pretty good candy selection. Friendly staff. I did make the mistake of trying the chocolate flavored Skittles, but that's not Brother's fault.You haven't experience NOLA unless you have eaten red beans and rice, fried chicken and meat pies while washing it down with a beer in a brown paper bag bought from a convenience store.The fried chicken!  The first time I had it, I thought it was merely an aberration!
That was last year.  Stopped by, again, this year when I was down for Mardi Gras.  Still ridiculously good.It will be very hard to eat at Popeyes, when Brothers is literally across the street. I crave this chicken, it's always hot and fresh, and when I seen the lady lovingly battering the chicken and frying it with so much care I was even more in love! 
For 8 piece dark, the price is $7.99, I ask for the Cajun sparkle on the chicken and the fries. I also get a few peppers, because gotta get some veggies into right?! 
My boyfriend is a New Orleans native, isn't he the best for introducing me to Brothers?!My favorite corner store chicken stop after a night of Bourbon street! Service is quick and the chicken is always fresh out the grease. No sitting to dine in so its a perfect quick stop!They didn't have my favorite fruit pies tonight. But the chicken was still great. Always a great late night snack after a long day in the quarter.I didn't want to believe the hype.  There is no way a convenience store could have great fried chicken...no way at all!  But maaaan oh maaaan was I wrong.  I stopped in, got the 2 piece meal deal, walked back to my hotel and devoured the chicken and beans...and all I wanted to do was get more.  I was full and wanted more!  I now know why everyone praises Brothers for their chicken.  Loved it and it may have been the best fried chicken I have ever had.Walked here from the hotel and ordered 3 chicken wings because there was no where to sit. I felt weird walking down street eating my chicken from the box, but hey it's New Orleans. At any rate very good and greasy. The chicken lady wasn't very friendly or personable but the cashier was and made up for the chicken lady's lack of personality.Really, really GOOD fried chicken from a corner convenience store/food mart?! Nooooo Waaaaay!
Brothers Fried Chicken?! YES Waaaaaay!!!
I mean, who woulda thought you'd find super tasty food from a cross between a 7-11, liquor store, and a gas station sundry shop?!?!?! Admittedly, I had my doubts but when our awesome tour guide on our 5 in 1 New Orleans Ghost and Mystery Tour told us that Brothers was her and her husband's favorite fried chicken well, I just had to try it, even though I'd just had Willie Mae's earlier and, even though this Brothers location is located 50 yards from our hotel. 
Fried Chicken twice in one day? Well, this is New Orleans after all and I was on vacation! The hours at Brothers are super convenient and the service is fast. They have the standard sides but also have amazingly tasty meat pies too! As for the chicken, well, it's crisp, crunchy, and has a nice spicy kick! What's more, their prices are super affordable and they even have gizzards! You just have to make sure that the batch of food you get is fresh and hasn't been sitting under the warming lamps for hours on end. While you're there, you can also pick up a six pack of beer, ice cream and cookies and even toothpaste and mouthwash, FTW! Mmm! 
While Brother's doesn't have the quality of food and service that will rival "Dickie Brennan's", for a 24 Hour Food Mart with great prices, I'd certainly be willing to trade in my own brother for this one!!!On canal street? Piss drunk? Grab some fried chikin from Brother's. It's fantastic.3.5 stars for the cheap price and surprisingly flavorful fried chicken. We couldn't find any restaurants open around 3pm-4pm on a Sunday so we gave it a try. Like many have said, there's no where to sit since it's inside a convenience store. We took it back to our hotel room to eat with seasoned fries and beer. It was a solid choice but I wouldn't go overboard and say it's the best chicken ever.Awesome fried chicken!  Crunchy & meaty!  Great prices!  No place to eat cuz it's just a market.  We took it back to our hotel room.  Yum!I went here per my friend's recommendation. 
Don't judge a book by its cover! Or rather, don't be wary of this random convenience store on the edge of the French Quarter. Upon entering this convenience store and seeing piles of chicken sitting under some heat lamps for who knows how long, we quickly lowered our expectations and figured we were in for some dry, stale chicken. However, at 2am, we simply didn't care and just wanted a snack to eat back at the hotel to top off the night. 
The cashier that helped us was friendly and helpful --- we picked up a box of 6 pieces of chicken (wings, legs, thighs), some chips, and some drinks for under $12. I believe the chicken was around $6, pretty darn cheap. A huge line started forming after us, so that was reassuring. We collected some hot sauce and ketchup packets and brought our haul back to our hotel. It was love at first bite! Crispy, well seasoned coating with juicy, moist meat inside. We polished off every piece in that box. We also tried the famous Willie Mae's and I actually prefer this fried chicken for the taste and price point. 
THE SHORT: Highly recommend stopping by this place for some delicious and cheap fried chicken.Can't get to Willie Maes restaurant for world famous southern chicken? Try Brothers fried chicken for a quick meal/snack. The chicken has a slight heat finish after a crunchy and nicely seasoned crunch with a tender piece of chicken. Even better is when the chicken is made fresh, can't beat it!  Also if you like fish, the catfish is cooked to order, it was the best thing I tasted. Light and flaky with the perfect breading.  The meat pies were also tasty, nice flaky pastry filled with flavorful ground meat! I didn't try any of the size dishes as they didn't look overwhelmingly appealing.  Make sure you use the restroom before you order, there wasn't a public restroom restaurant available at this location. 
Give it a try, eat chicken where the locals enjoy - you won't be disappointed!"Fry delis" - are a distinctly southern thing, a serving counter of fried on location foods like chicken, catfish, sausage, biscuits and potato wedges, found at gas stations and other outlets below the Mason Dixon line. I explored a few on a previous sojourn when I was comparing chicken fingers and strips in LA, MS, GA, and AL last year.
This trip was no exception, as I grabbed pieces of fish or chicken to nosh on at various locations on this expedition, including some from "Chester Fried", and 'Krispy Krunchy", two inexpensive (to own) franchises stuck into corners of gas station along the way.
Brother's Food Marts is a local chain of mini-marts (New Orleanians are fiercely loyal to local businesses, some chains have never successfully penetrated the market - like 7-Eleven or Starbucks).  You'll find Brooks scattered around the metro, sometimes as stand alone locations, sometimes at gas stations.  There's one in the CBD (Central Business District) a few steps from the both the French Quarter and my hotel base this trip.  This one is open 24 hours and their fry deli is amply stocked with fish, chicken, and fries, as a "meal combo" or to be purchased by the piece.
Nothing like being able to get a crispy hunk o' catfish at 3 AM, I say.  Which I did.  Later on, down the highway, I hit a Chester's for some strips, which were lightly breaded and H-U-G-E compared to other chicken places.  Tasty.   Course if you want something a little lighter, you can always opt for a cup of boiled peanuts, regular or Cajun seasoned!Wow ! Winner winner Chicken Dinner, greasy goodness sprinkled with allspice or poultry season sooo damn finger licking good. I wanted a biscuit to sop up the tasty grease, the order comes with fries. It's a blend of 7Eleven meets The Kernels brother from another mother.Okay the food is mediocre....but it's 24 hours.... affordable and if you are really broke you can buy half a bag of French Fries for under $2. Whenever I eat here I always have enough leftovers and change (quarters nickels and dimes) to give to the local homeless people hanging around outside..... Okay I'm not perfect....... I love the employees at this location they always put a smile on my face.....am I being subjective? Maybe.....It's a convenience store. They sell Ivory Soap, newspapers, condoms, lottery tickets, Dom Perignon (in a locked glass case), and ridiculously fresh fried chicken. At any hour of the day or night. The chicken comes in cool retro little cardboard boxes. Choose any combination (dark, white, wing, breast, etc.) of your heart's delight. And hope that your heart stays delighted. 
Note: If you have any dietary restrictions or aversions to standing in line with sex workers, cabbies, and drunken tourists, you're in the wrong place.Can't beat less than $3 for a 3 piece box of fried chicken!!  Hit the spot as a late night snack - just be careful walking there cuz its a bit shady...I was hungry, it was late and i was heading back to my hotel room with or without food. Then I remembered that 24hr convenience FRIED CHICKEN place. I figured fine, grab some crappy chicken, protein sucks up the booze. I get my two piece oh chicken and some mashy taters and hike it back to my room. 
   It looks like standard fried chicken, nice and warm. And HOLY Mother of chicken, it was actually quite tasty!!!! As good if not better than Popeye's. The chicken was moist and light, the batter tasty and not overly spiced or over cooked. Never would of thought it. Now keep in mind, I had zero expectations going in, the bar was set REAL low, so I might be a bit generous here, just keep it all in perspective. 
  Anyway, on top of the chicken its  a 24 hour store that is not a Voodoo mart. HURRAY!!!!!! Now that I am in new place, I can't really see myself hanging out in the CBD in the wee hours, but if I was, and I was hungry.........Just WOW!! I thought I had been given incorrect information when someone told me to go here for great fried chicken.  I walked up to what looked like an ickie quicky mart and low and behold when you walk in and head to the back wall there is a see through glass window housing all kind of yumminess.  There was mounds of chicken, chicken tenders, and french friends.  There was a line.  I was chatting with a guy in front of me from Atlanta that said that no trip to New Orleans is complete without him coming here to get Fried Chicken.  He comes 3 times a year. He had tried everything (chicken, fish, chicken tenders) and according to him EVERYTHING was good. Lol....Talking to him had me even more excited.  I really had just stopped by to look because I had already eaten but after that description I ordered two chicken wings.  They are really large wings.  The breasts are HUGE (like the size of youe entire hand..a man hand).  The chicken legs were small.  You pick up your order and then take it to the cashier to pay.  They are open 24 hours.  There can be long lines at times (walked by another day and there was a line outside of the store.  They were only letting so many people in at a time).  
I paid for my wings and took them to my hotel to eat.  I pulled them out and looked at them closely.  They looked crispy, with a nice shine, and again they were large.  I broke a little of the batter off to get the flavor and the flavor was PERFECT!  The seasoning was really good.  They arent spicy just seasoned very well.  The chicken is very crispy but the meat is moist.  As a fellow fried chicken wing connoisseur, I will definitely vouch for this quickie mart deli fried chicken.  A great, unexpected find.  I can definitely see myself stopping by to grab some for lunch and even to soak up some of thode dacquiris after a late night on Bourbon.I came to NOLA 2 years ago and stopped in for a drink, I wish I would've known how good the chicken was then! Went today after our Uber driver suggested it, it is without a doubt the best chicken I've had in NOLA to date. The chicken has a slight heat to it which I love, the fries are amazing as well. My only complaint and it really has nothing to do with Brothers; is the whole "no public restrooms" thing. Which is a common occurrence in NOLA but if I just spent $$$ at your establishment whether it be a 5 star bistro or a dive like Brothers...let me pee at least.Go here and grab the meat pies for $2.  Incredibly delicious!  I also got the fried chicken meal for lunch and was actually surprised on how good the chicken was.  It was very moist.  The only downside of this place is the location because there really isn't anywhere to eat the food.  But the meat pies were so worth it!The fried chicken here is BOMB. My boyfriend's buddy told us about this place before we arrived, and we got lucky our hotel was two blocks away. We came here and got fried chicken inebriated, and came here again sober. I can say, the fried chicken was delicious in both states. Fresh, spicy, salty, and so perfect. I definitely recommend this spot for late night eats!I wish I could give this place 10 stars!!! I was skeptical about this place, but I was referred by two locals; the Bakers at Cafe Du Monde!!
Also, I asked the Brothers who work at the Sheraton; "Is Brothers Chicken REALLY that good?" Their answer was YES!!
I truly appreciate the folks who sent me here- the chicken is amazing. It is super crispy, on the outside, moist on the inside, with a slight spice to it. Did I mention that it is very inexpensive!! They must sprinkle crack on their chicken- the stuff is sooo good. 
I am back in California and I am having SERIOUS Brothers Chicken Withdrawals!!!
DO NOT Waste your time standing in line at MOTHER's!! Their lines are long, (most of) the staff is rude, the prices are high. I had their chicken, for the first time- it was not all that great. I really don't understand what the hype is all about.
Go to BROTHERS Food Mart, and get addicted to this chicken. 
I did not have their meat pies, but I was told that they are great too.yup...this place was just a 24 food mart...but has a section for fried chicken which was so delicious!  don't expect an eating area...this place is strictly "to go".  BTW...who ever started this review got the wrong address...it's two blocks from where it's listed (corner of Bourbon and something...sorry...I was hammered).  Boo on this person!  I had to ask a cop...and he definitely knew where I wanted to go.  8 pcs for roughly 9 bucks!  almost as good as Popeye's chicken...but when you're heading home at 'round 3am...this place is it hits the spot!The chicken was good, and I would have given more stars if the people serving the chicken paid any attention to the customers I had to interrupt them to make an order.  I then asked for ketchup for my french fries and got an attitude that surprised me.  I do not think I will be back simply because of service.Best chicken around !! Brothers is always our first stop when we come to Nola!! You can't go wrong with the 4 piece tender and fries !!!This is a decently stocked convenience store that has a deli/hot food counter with a fairly extensive menu.  Unfortunately, by the time I got there at 8pm, they had sold out of 2/3 of the selection... Sad day for me.
The lady working the food counter had a very thick Creole accent (or was it Caribbean?) and I understood only half of what she said.  But when I asked for something, she would just shake her head and say no which means they were out.  After a while, I would just go down each item on the menu and she would either get me the item or shake her head no.  I asked about the kabob and she said she never ate it so she doesn't know if it's good but it's got sausage and chicken in it.  So I said what the heck, let's do it.
The young girl working the cash register was your typical unaffected youth who didn't want to be there but she wasn't rude, just didn't care much about her job, I guess.
So I got what they had left, here goes!
- Fried chicken 4 piece mix:  The chicken was very tender, and the breast was huge.  The breast meat was as tender as any thigh I have had, which was a good thing.  The hit of the show was the breaking.  It had a light seasoning which gave it a bit of a kick and that was a good balance to the chicken.
- Kabob:  The coating is too thick in my opinion and didn't have much flavor, unlike the fried chicken.  So I just took off the coating and ate the sausage and chicken underneath.  The sausage was very good.  The chicken was your basic shredded leftover chicken breast meat and forgettable.
-  Chicken tenders:  To be fair, this item suffers from freshness issues and if you don't serve them fresh, tenders get dried out and inedible very fast.  The pieces were almost jerky in consistency but I could tell they would be good if fresh.  I gnawed on a few and threw the rest away.
- Meat pie:  Definitely recommend this item if you are into savory pies.  This little delicate crescent pastry is delectable and I could easily eat just 4 of these and call it a day.  Inside the perfectly flaky puff pastry crust is a big mound of seasoned ground pork cooked to perfection.  Each bite gives you a mouthful of juicy and spicy ground pork balanced with the light and flaky pastry crust for a wonderful balance of texture and flavor.
I also picked up some groceries for the rest of the days, soda, water, etc.  in all, not a bad little convenience store for your short stay needs.If you're hungry or need booze - this is a spot to cure what ails you.  Nothing super fancy, nothing high end and the chicken is NOT Popeye's but if you need to sober up - BOOM, job done!  I found the layout to be typical convenience store and pricing was ok.  Nothing to shout about but don't you dare close it cause it was only a block from the hotel!  LOLYum!! Worth the line wait. Signs say don't tip, but the service is definitely worthy of leaving 20% on ilthe table.Yelp says they have gas and after a nightmare in traffic it turns out they do not sell gasYou Drink. You Hungry.
After spending a good amount of time on Bourbon Street you will most likely become intoxicated which will lead to those devilish late night food cravings.  There's not too many places serving food at this time, but we came across a Food Mart on Yelp that served fried chicken.  The best part about it is that it was across the street from our hotel!
There is no service.  The chicken is pre-cooked and under heating lamps (similar to KFC and Popeyes).  You tell them what you want, you pay and you're on your merry way.  I was a little hesitant on the quality of the chicken since we had no idea how long it's been sitting out there, but we were in for a pleasant surprise.  The chicken was super moist and tasty.  You can see them frying fresh chicken constantly since they have a pretty good turnover rate.  This put any fried chicken I've had from KFC or Popeyes to shame!  Someone needs to tell them that it is possible to keep your chicken moist and tender under heating lamps!!!!!!!
This was such a nice surprise.  This is perfect drunk food, tasty and greasy!
#hellaYUMMSThis place is a fried chicken paradise. I came here a few months ago, while in town for a bachelorette party. The idea of a fried chicken shop/liqour store had my name written all over it, so it had to be checked out. Conveniently placed within stumbling distance from our hotel, we frequented this establishment multiple times during our stay. The chicken was much better than expected, the staff friendly and did I mention that its open 24 hours? because it is, and that is glorious. 
Now you may think that my judgement was clouded by alcohol, but it was not. This chicken was tasty & crispy, and some of the best fried chicken I've had in my life.Decent late night food after a night of drinking. Service is somewhat slow and then the guy is rather ride once you get to the counter... Don't take it personally. They are also pretty stingy with napkins & condiments so make sure you are clear in your demands for them.This place is great for a late night snack. The fried chicken is the best. I would have given them 5 stars but they are ALWAYS out of side orders, like mashed potatoes. 
Great location. It's near the French quarter, and lots of hotels.Late night chicken run, Boom this is the place. ( It's just a 24hour food Mart).  Chicken is good  especially if they just cooked the chicken. Very tasty Yum. And way cheaper than Willie's chicken. But don't get thirsty, the soda is way too expensive.After a night of bachelorette partying, we hungry single ladies wanted fried chicken.  Our cab driver (who probably thought we were crazy) drove us to this convenience store, which is supposedly known for their fried chicken and meat pies.  
Prices for dark meat (the best way to enjoy fried chicken):
2-piece $2.69
3-piece $2.99
4-piece $3.99
8-piece $7.99
12-piece $9.99
25-piece $19.99
Convenience: located one block from the Astor Crowne Plaza
So we grabbed a box of fried dark meat and walked back to our hotel.  Someone snagged a piece before we could take a pic of the contents: 
O M G, forget waiting in line or trekking all the way to Willie Mae's during limited open hours (two failed attempts during our 4-day trip).  Brother's Food Mart is the go-to place for tasty, crispy, and moist fried chicken and lives up to their slogan: Often Imitated, Never Duplicated!So I was in the quarter for xmas '13. on a recommendation, tried this chicken - OMFG it is the best! the locals don't eat popeyes. i was fantasizing about this chicken on the plane ride back to dc. I understand everyone has personal taste, but if you don't like this one, (hit me up and I"ll give you your money back) wish they had these in other places....I hate to dkride, but its that good. only thing missing is a sitdown place, but it's a convenient store so, i got over it.This chicken was amazingly crispy and tasty. I would def recommend coming here you want some good southern fried chicken.  Although I did not like the meat pie the chicken was worth the 5 star rating.Late night fried chicken? Yes please!
This place looks like your average convenient store but crispy, fresh, tasty fried chicken is inside! Best fried chicken I've ever had? Nope. But it's still damn good especially with some Louisiana hot sauce dribbled on it. Adding a small order of fries was probably the best decision I made yesterday. They were large flavorful steak fries and the "small" was freaking huge!
These kinds of happiness-givers aren't found everywhere, so enjoy it NOLA! My mouth is officially watering and I'm thinking about getting me some more fried chicken. BOMB.This place would not be somewhere I would typically go to but we didn't feel like waiting for Mother's chicken. Came in here twice during our stay and it was delicious both times. Fried chicken and fried fish are awesome. Only drawback was the second time I came in I waited 30 mins for the fish to get done and this is a pretty quick spot to pick up from. The staff at night were somewhat rude when asked about the status but I understand they make that to order and are busy late at night. I prefer this over Mother's and will be back despite one small issue with customer service.Reliving my week in NOLA and remembered that Fried Chicken out there is just too gud! We have places out here that are gud but not too gud! KJ's, Foodland, Likelike all make decent fried chicken but no one in Hawaii can touch what they do in New Orleans!
This was one of the 2 best places I went to and who'd think great fried chicken would come out of a fast-stop looking shop... one of my buddies got word of mouth about this place so we went in... Brothers reminds me of the Carl's Jr. on Nimitz but instead of having burgers, they have fried chicken! 
What makes NOLA Fried Chicken better than any in Hawaii? 1) The Batter... everyone has a unique recipe to batter but how to fry chicken with just the right amount of batter is just as important than what's inside the batter. Brother's batter is tasty, crispy, and fried jus right! 2) The Meat... many places in Hawaii only concentrate on the outside of the chicken, but Brother's in NOLA also does the inside just as gud as the outside! How many times have you bitten into a piece of Hawaii made fried chicken and noticed how hard or dry the meat was? At Brother's the meat is JUICY! Oh, it's cooked all the way through, but that sucker is moist and oh so wonderful! Think you've had better? Well, if you're like me and haven't enjoyed southern style fried chicken till recently this is really close to the best! 3) The $... at convenience store prices this is a steal! (Please don't raise the prices) So economical and tasty it's hard to believe you can have both, but at Brother's you can! 
Don't know what Hawaii is missing, but someone needs to bring this kine of chicken to my homeland... Please! But, if you're in NOLA and need to feed, visit Brother's and get a box or a bucket of their Amazing Fried Chicken... maybe bring me one or a few too... Grind On! Pau!If you want grease flavored fried chicken and nasty fries served by unfriendly foreign men you should try this place. Had to get the fries because they were out of all the other sides. WILL NEVER GO BACK OR RECOMMEND THIS PLACE‼Cheap eats! Good  Fried  Chicken and beer from corner store never gets old.My boyfriend and I had been dating only a month when we took our first trip together to New Orleans this past June. The first vacation together as a new couple can be tough, and that's why you need to make sure your hotel is as close to Brothers Food Mart as possible. Nothing will get you through those awkward beginning stages of a relationship like sharing a box of Brothers crispy dark meat fried chicken and a bottle of champagne in Jackson Square at 8am. You can do this because Brothers Food Mart is 24 hours and they have chicken all the time. If you're feeling crazy, and maybe want to blow off that concert you bought tickets for at The Joy Theater, bring a few meat pies and a box of chicken back to the hotel bed and get to know each other. This fried chicken is better than anything you had planned.  Brothers Food Mart also has a large selection of booze and male enhancement pills, if you're looking for a rock hard New Orleans weekend. Brothers is for lovers.Yes, it's convenience store, but they have some of the best fried chicken around. Perhaps the best I've had, and I grew up in the south. During our visit to NOLA, we dined at some amazing high end restaurants, all great, but for quick inexpensive meal, grab some chicken, fries, wine or beer and head out to a nice park.You fast and good? Head over to your nearest Brother's Gas Station and step on over to where the line forms in front of the plexigas window.
The food is cheap and it's good.  You say what?  Why?  Well, they cater to the masses and so it's cheap and affordable.  The steak fries with the cajun seasoning on them is what keeps me coming back. 
For just $4 bucks you can even get a catfish plate--comes with fried catfish, steak fries, and a roll.  Damn those fries were good.
Parking can be crummy because of all the other people pumping gas, asking for directions, buying lottery tickets, and whatever else you might need at the gas station.  But come on by for some fast food if you ever nearby a Brothers Gas Station
Cash and credit card are accepted.
Dont let kids run amuck in the store.Amazing fried chicken. I have been here 3 times on separate occasions and the food was top notch each and every time. I will be back in July when I am there again for work.Fried chicken was excellent at midnight. We spotted the food counter walking back to hotel late after parading last night and said, "Why not." Cheap, fresh and good down home New Orleans Brothers Fried Chicken in a convenient store.  Excellent!!!  Got one of those meat pies, too, and scarfed it down. Not the freezer burned machine made kind either. It was good, and iI'm really not a meat pie fan. No need to second guess this one.Amazing Fried Chicken!!!!!!!! (and unlike many of the other posters here, we weren't drunk and it wasn't late night. lol!) This place is a bit of a dive but close your eyes, get your chicken, and eat it up - YUM!This isn't really a fried chicken restaurant.  Rather, it's a nice, clean liquor store that sells fried chicken.  If you're drunk and hungry and need something to soak up all that alcohol, this is a great late night option.
FOOD: The chicken was hot, crispy, and pretty flavorful.  They had run out of white meat, but that was no big deal.  8 pieces for $8.99.
DRINKS: They sell pretty much everything you could want including single beers.  A six pack of Coors Banquet set us back $8.49 and a large bottle of water was $1.89.
SEATING:  There is no seating here, so you'll have to take your food to go.  Or, if you're too drunk to get home, you can just walk a block or so away and sit on the sidewalk.The chicken tendered were lousy.  Maybe getting regular chicken is better.  I would not recommend this place.  It's overrated.Keeping it real simple - this was the best fried chicken I had in NOLA. it was greasy, super fried, and perfectly delicious. Believe the reviews, this stuff is that goodA good deal if you're in a hurry. I am taking one star off for the soggy fries and one star off for the crappy service. I know its a convenient store, but a "thank you for shopping here" would be sufficient. I am addicted to their chicken tenders and I enjoy their regular fried chicken as well. The different locations are very consistent throughout the area.Reminds me of KFC, yet a notch better.
Huge pieces of fried chicken (you don't get portions that huge elsewhere), red beans & rice.  Yumm but tastes like an average fast food joint overall.Unlike a lot of other posters, I was sober when I walked in.  Took a chance on Brother's because I've never been there, they're close to my hotel, and open 24 hours.  Got some crunchy munchies for the room, they have a decent booze selection if you're looking, and fried chicken.
Oh my.  The chicken.  I hafta say I've been craving KFC for weeks now, and Brother's chicken was positively calling to me.  Got the two piece dark meal, leg and thigh with mashed potatoes.  It did not disappoint!  The meat's moist, coating's crunchy, seasoning's flavorful, and affordable!  And, more importantly - open all night!!  There are other items on the menu, po-boys, meat pies, fried fish.  Haven't tried them yet - but if their chicken is any indication - I will not hesitate to try next time I'm there!
A special thank you to the employee who held on to my lottery tickets when I ran back to my hotel to get cash.  I may be a moron, but I'm a trustworthy moron who comes back to pay for what they bought! :D
Edit - Second visit = Meat Pies.  Nice, meaty, good flavor & a little heat.  I got them because they were out of the Roast Beef Po Boys :(  More chicken, still a winner!  This time, got the red beans & rice side.  Not shabby at all!  I'm here for two glorious weeks in Nola, so I'm hoping to try what I can while I can!In the words of my cousins, "Brothers: salty as a muthafugga." +1 for the liquor store, though.We stayed at the Renaissance Pere Marquette during a recent visit to New Orleans (on Common Street and Baronne). Brother's is on the opposite corner. We must have walked by this place a dozen times as we left our hotel to go exploring. It wasn't until Friday night/Saturday morning at, oh, about 3am that we decided to give it a go. I've never seen a grocery store that also happens to sell fried chicken, but it is GENIUS. We walked back to our hotel with neatly packed boxes filled with fried chicken and French fries, and assorted groceries. It really hit the spot. The gastrointestinal distress I experienced the following day was totally worth it.Racist? Fraudulent? Wish I could give zero stars!
1) The guys behind the counter at Brothers made repeated racist comments about people in my group not knowing that I knew them and then looked to me for confirmation of their statements. I called them out on it but they didn't care.
2) They ran my card multiple times saying it's declined (and my friend's card as well) but they actually put the charges through! Fortunately my bank called me because they flagged it as suspicious but double check with your card's carrier! 
Or better yet, don't support racists with your money in the dirt place!I'm sure you'll be thinking, "wow this place looks pretty sketchy", but once you order your fix of the mixed chicken pieces, you'll think this place is heaven. I love the spice they added to their food, not too spicy with a taste of cajun.Really wanted fried chicken and this place was convenient.
Only locals and construction workers come here.  My fried chicken was warm (not hot) and not crispy and extraordinarily tasteless.  I had to douse everything in hot sauce...and even then, it didn't really make that much of a difference. 
Positive is that for two pieces of fried chicken (drumstick & breast) and fries, it came out to $4.50 (including tax).  It's a steal for lunch, but if you can afford better...do it.When you've been drinking on Bourbon St and its 2 AM and your heading back to your Hotel and got the munchies this is the place to go! Was down in NOLA for a week and almost every night we went down to Bourbon St. we found ourselves at Brothers. 
6 Pc Chicken Tenders and Fries! Chicken was so good and tasty and the box was STUFFED with fries which were really good with whatever spice they put on it. Very reasonable price too, for 5.99 you get more then enough food to fill you up. Wish there was a brothers close to me in Boston. Highly recommended for a late night spot to grab some grub!Great fried chicken and sides at any hour you want them.  Nice selection of snacks,  a mini liquor store behind the counter,  and only a block off Canal St.  They do a very brisk business,  so you don't have to worry about eating chicken tenders that have been sitting there since dawn.  Definitely check this place out.Corner liquor stores are a dime a dozen in NOLA, but if you're staying on the other side of Canal, this is where it's at. Not only do they have a decent selection of beer - all hail Abita Amber - they serve surprisingly good fried chicken and meat pies. Perfect last stop before heading to your hotel in the wee hours.maybe i just love fried food, but the first time i had this, the chicken was soo juicy that it fell out of my hands, maybe juicy or greese, but it sure did hit the spot, got it at night
second time i had it in the day time, maybe not fresh but was good still and had catfish this time, it was good too
love that their local liquor store has fried chicken, catifsh, and gizzard!!!
FYI popeyes in Nawlins taste betterThe fried chicken here has saved us a couple of late nights where we wanted something tasty. 
Nice batter, peppery but not too spicy and well-fried. 
Not too expensive either, so all in all a good option for a quick feed. Also, they had no trouble giving us all drumsticks with out order!Probably the worst chicken I've ever had. Service was terrible, the lady was on the phone WHILE taking our order and we had to repeat our orders 5 times. She was talking to her friend btw not a customer on her cellphone. The chicken tasted bland and super dry, I'm not sure if people know what good chicken tastes like with the previous reviews. Yes the outside was crispy, and that's the only pleasure you'll get. If you want flavor, go somewhere else. Outside of store is a super sketchy corner with hobos and druggies. Inside, people were shoplifting behind us lol. Yeah never going back, it's really ghetto.Located right in the middle of the CBD is this little GUMBO-like convenience store/mini-mart. Hot chicken, which is what they're famous for, alcohol, beer, bleach, water, toothpaste, cooking oil... I mean if you need it, it can probably be found here. 
The location of this convenience store is great, especially for hotel guests. I mean how many times have you checked into a hotel & realized you needed something the hotel didn't provide? Well if you're near this mini-mart, you can grab it go. That's a plus. And they're open 24 hrs, so you can get it whenever. 
And considering they're in the heart of the CBD, I don't find their prices to be as high as I thought they would be.The best fried chicken I've had in my life!!! Hands down!!! Mmmmmm....a little bit of attitude but you're at a convenience store not the ritz. Get your fried chicken and get the heck out.My friends and I came in from Houston , Texas a few years ago and stayed in a crappy hotel across the street.  Of course we came home at 3 AM after partying in the quarter, and to our amazement, we looked up and saw a FRIED CHICKEN PLACE OPEN !!!!!  Now I have to tell ya that friend chicken is my FAVORITE FOOD !  We all had the munchies and did not want another lucky dog.  When we went in, we went straight to the chicken.  It looked like the regular fast food chicken place, ya know, behind the glass......with all the fixin's.  We carried a 12 piece back to the room.  OMG.......that was the most moist, tender, tasty chicken I have ever had !  VERY VERY SURPRISING FOR A CONVENIENCE STORE !  
Since that trip, we had a return visit to NOLA.  The first place we HAD  to stop was Brothers !!!!!!!!  And we could have gone twice had time allowed !  
My friends and I have now started a tradition.......Brothers Tradition !  We will NOT leave NOLA without it !  
Don't let the food mart keep you from trying it !This place has VERY GOOD FRIED CHICKEN and everything else you will ever need. It's like a bizarro 7-11. A true highlight of NOLA if you enjoy the riff-raff and hard knocks of life.When you see bums outside of this joint eating their fried chicken on the corner, you know it's got to be solid.  The large pieces of chicken are served hot, juicy with enough zippy spice. The chicken is the only reason to come here as the beverages are overpriced.This was our safety while in NOLA. It had the best chicken I have ever tasted. We got sick of creole. Don't miss this gem, it's in a convenient store.I wanted some food that was warm and fast, and this was quite satisfactory. The breading of the chicken was a little spicy (for a non-spice eater), but not bad, just enougth to make the chicken a flavorful dish.  I had ordered 4 chicken tenders with ranch dipping sauce (other options were honey dijon and bbq, possibly more -- I was tired and the guy on the other side of the counter was mumbling).
If you're looking for a "safe" food, this was good with no sensations the next day.  Also since they let you customize your meal with what pieces and how many, you can eat as much or as little as you want.  Lastly, since it's located in a convenience store, you can always pick you drink of choice and any extras that you would want to go with your meal.I tried this place as a plan B. I tried to order off of their large menu board. After a few tries I was told that menu wasn't correct but they scolded me like it was my fault I trusted their menu. I then ordered the two piece white piece meal and when I got back to the hotel there was a leg in the box., So they couldn't even get that right. The chicken and Cajun rice were okay at best. Go to Popeyes instead, at least you can order from the menu.BROTHERS!!! 
When in NOLA -- 
I'm pretty sure I've stumbled into this place after every drunken night I've been in town knowing damn well I don't need to be eating late night chicken. I always get the tenders with fries.. and pick up a couple of bottles of Louisiana hot sauce. 
Winner, winner, chicken dinner. 
What more can I say?Best fried chicken I've ever had in my 25 years of life. So glad we stopped by, I was a little skeptical of the fact that it's part of a liquor store but wooo! I'm glad I gave it a shot. So much flavor and crunch in just one bite.No nonsense corner market that serves yummy fried chicken 24/7? SOLD! These guys are the truth. They were right up the street from our hotel so we visited them a few times. The chicken is BOMB! And hey, you don't venture over there for service. You go for a 2 piece with fries at 3am. And that's what you get. This gal was pleased.For counter chicken this is great! Inexpensive and tasty , with a bit of spice. Big bags of fries cheap and good as well for thick fries. First time for us in the years of visiting the big easy, we will be back during Jazzfest next year to grab a box of 8 mixed for $8.99 again for the airplane. Yummy fried chicken!Perfect spot for late night snack on way back to hotel. The store was clean and line moved quick enough. The Fried Chicken was tasty and hit the spot.White meat chicken was amazing! I'm from Texas, and have had some pretty great chicken. The seasoning just made it even better!nothin special but you can grab some quick fried chicken.Some of the best fried chicken I've had in my life. And the seasoning is to die for!!Super-busy, clean, & well managed, this Brothers is an anchor in an area seemingly dominated by self storage unit franchises.  Its location is prime, literally at the crossroads of three busy streets.
Their inventory is obviously slanted towards cold drinks, beer, and snacks, though they do have a small section of dairy products.  The lottery ticket machine is always in high demand, nearly as much as the gas pumps.Who would have known fried chicken from a convenient store would be so scrumptious. Not too much breading and just enough seasonings, make for perfectly fried chicken. 
If you don't like spicy food then you will want to pass this opportunity up because there's no mild option. 
The place was packed with hungry folks and they kept the chicken coming. This is definitely my go to spot for some yardbird while in NOLA. 
* It's good leftover too *Stopped in to Brothers late Christmas eve/early Christmas day... 2am...I was ecstatic to find a place open that sold mixers... This place made my night...They were dropping fresh fried chicken at 2am.....I picked up a couple of cans of flavored soda water a box of fresh fried chicken fingers and was on my way. Thanks guys....After spending a late night in the French Quarter we had the munchies and wanted some grub.
While walking back to the hotel I spotted  Brothers Food Mart which is a liquor store / mini market combined and is open around the clock. Opted for the 3 piece fried chicken which came with a biscuit and Cajun rice. When I opened the box at my hotel room it contained a large breast, drumstick and a wing - the chicken had a crispy seasoned batter that was tasty and the interior was tender and juicy. The dirty rice and biscuit were solid and packs of hot sauce were included.
Thank goodness to Brothers Food Mart BC,  they cured my late night munchies craving, but I would eat their chicken anytime of the day!Seinfeld reference: remember Kenny Rogers rotisserie chicken? It's that addicting and good.  Everytime I go there or eat it, it reminds me of how good it is. And yes it's at a convenient store. Who cares?!? But seriously run here.My friends suggested Brother's after Wrestlemania because they have great fried chicken.  I had not yet had fried chicken during my stay in NOLA so I figured what the hell and followed them.  From the outside, this place looks like Wawa and 7-11 had a baby.  Inside it's pretty much the same.  Aisles of snacks and knick knacks, fridges full of beverages.  Then there's a long line, a line to fried chicken!  They have quite a few options available: 2-piece white, 2-piece mixed, 2-piece dark....Followed by 3-piece combo meals paired with fries.  They also offer livers but I wasn't in the mood at 11PM.  
There is no place to sit since at the end of it all, it's still a mini-mart.  We brought it back to where our friends were staying and chowed down.  They stuff the napkins WITH the chicken so um you may want to grab some new ones since those will be greasy.  The chicken was excellent.  Flavorful, juicy, just some damn good fried chicken.  Who knew you could get such good fried chicken from a little stop and go type of place such as this?Wanted to see what all the buzz about this chicken is about, went in seen a long line of people buying brothers chicken so I told myself before I go back to New York. I'm gonna try Brother's Chicken.....Well I must say they do make some good chicken it's a lot cheaper then then the other name brand chicken shops. When you want a quick fix and on a budget this is the place to go. If I ever come back to NOLA I would buy from them again.Stopped by at around 4am after hitting up Bourbon Street (I was sober so this isn't a review of my recollection of a drunk night)
Just like a 7-11, only with fried chicken. Really cool place, great staff. 
There was a drunk guy hanging out in there who I presumed was always there as one of the workers told me to not buy the guy anything when he was asking me to buy him food. 
The chicken was great, nice and crispy and the rib pieces were massive.
Reasonable prices and is open 24 hours!Probably in the top 3 fried chicken places that I've been to in New Orleans. If you told me that some of the best friend chicken can be found in a convenience store, I wouldn't have believed you. 
I highly recommend this place for anyone looking to get their fried chicken fix late at night. Oh yeah, they're open really late! 
So good!Perfect for those Bourbon St.-induced cravings for fried chicken!Love this place! Has been super close to my hotel the past two times I've come to NOLA and super thankful to have a great 24/7 place to pick up another six pack or some French fries.Good fried chicken and excellent snack selection. Not many of the cashiers speak English, so it's hard to make special requests or explain when they overcharge you. Overall pretty good, but I wouldn't go out of my way.HOLY COW...or shall I say CHICKEN?!  After another night of debauchery on Frenchman St., we suddenly were starving (a night of green grenades and hurricanes will make any person forget to eat)! At 3 am in the business district, there are not many options open so we asked our valet.  He summoned us to a food mart down the street called Brothers Food Mart.  As we scurried the dark streets of Louisiana in search of this market/chicken shack in hopes of not getting robbed, we came upon what I must say is the BEST chicken I've EVAH had!  Now let me tell you a little something about my eating habits, I DO NOT EAT MEAT OFF THE BONE. When we walked into to this brightly lit store stocked with sodas and chips, a smell of fresh deep fried chicken caught my palette and my mouth was dripping with saliva.  Off to the corner was a counter where there was a guy prepping the chicken in flour and frying it (from ladel to cradel) and another taking orders from a line of 15+ halloweened and drunkened people looking for a meal just as we were.  I immediately scanned the menu for chicken tenders and decided (as I always do) that's what I was going to have.  Once we reached the counter, I could see there were no chicken tenders to see through the greasy glass window.  Under pressure to order for fear we may be jumped by a look-a-like Lil Wayne, we ordered the 3 piece with fries two white one dark and went about our business scurrying back to our hotel.  We opened the box at our make shift table using towels for napkins and feasted on what was a monumental moment for me.  I was meekishly pulling meat from the bone and within moments I was eating that chicken as if I was born and raised in Louisiana.  The meat was so tender and juicy.  The crust was so crispy and delicious.  The experience was so ironic.  I honestly believe that Brothers Food Mart has turned me.Unfortunately, this is our first totally negative review. :( We had been told by several locals to try Brothers, so we did. Much to our dismay, the chicken was not good. JD's chicken was covered in feathers and there was not really any getting around it. The chicken has an odd texture and tasted as though it had been sitting out for a while. The fries were super tasty, but that was not enough to make up for the rest for either of us. We are rather shocked by this experience as the place has over 120 reviews on Yelp and is rated at 4 stars.
Pinky rating: *
Proppy rating: *This is THE BEST fired chicken I have EVER had!!!!! If your ever in New Orleans and want some good food after being on Bourbon St. PLEASE stop here you will be doing yourself a favor! THE BEST fried chicken EVER hands DOWN!This place has a really good chicken box.  I went to New Orleans for the JazzFest and after a day of sweatin' it out watching Third World and Dave Matthews (2009) we went to Brothers for dinner.  They serve the crispiest western fries, and I can't remember the last time I had pickled jalapeno with fried chicken (you haven't lived until you have).  It's close to the hotels, and sells lottery tickets too!
I will definitely return next time I'm in town!Excellent fried chicken! Discovered this late night and then got it the next day too!I'm Feeling their Fried Catfish & Gizzards
The days when the work days were too long & i got too lazy to walk to get something to eat cuz all i wanna do is pass out i go to Brothers Food Mart for some greasy fried food.
I know you're probably thinking "What, a mini market for food?"  Yup, trust me i went not only once, but three times (if u count the time i bought lottery tickets).  Anywho, I usually order their 3 piece fried chicken, an order of fried gizzards, 2 piece of fried catfish & cajun rice....i think they took me to the bank ($6)!  I must admit I usually get too full to actually eat the fried chicken, but the piece that i did eat wasn't bad.  I had a lot worst & I swear they can compete with KFC.  Every single time i've gone in there they usually fry my catfish fresh so its not sitting in grease all day.  I'm not sure if i got lucky or that their catfish is so high in demand they constantly have to make it.  I like that it is fried in a light batter and its not in some thick doughy batter.  Its been ages since i found a place that makes da bomb gizzards & they do a pretty good job at it.  I like how crunchy it is when i bite into it.  I even met some guys at Bourbon Street & took them here to try it & they loved it!  I swear one of them had their eyes closed when he was eatin it...lol!  
Cheap fast food!  Where else can you get good fried Catfish fillets for under $3 at 2am??!!Came here randomly since our original place was closed and got some chicken to go. The chicken was surprisingly delicious. Don't get the jambalaya. It's pretty much a mart where you can purchase drinks and snacks.I personally made the mistake of reading all these reviews saying how good the chicken is, which brought my expectations way too high. That being said, it was pretty good, but since it wasn't fresh it didn't taste like anything special to me. I will say that the batter has a good flavor and despite sitting under the heat lamps, it was really moist. I really can't say anything was bad about it. I've just had better. I still think it's worth having though, especially for the price. 
 I will say that I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the people were though. Everyone has said how rude the service is, but that wasn't my experience at all. I mean the people actually serving the chicken were neutral and didn't make conversation, but they weren't rude at all. They didn't ignore me and I was nice to them so they responded to me. On the flip side of that, the guys at the registers were a delight. They were two really friendly Arab guys. I felt welcome, to be honest. I would definitely go again!Fried chicken = cheap AND delicious 
Alcohol = reasonably priced
Convenience store with tempting fried chicken = win,  or at least a late night drunkard's or otherwise soused, for a muncher's heavenThe fried chicken is definitely delicious, and for the price, you can't beat it! Definitely better than Popeyes, although I didn't see any biscuits..........Awesome cheap fried chicken, better than most chains, and rivals the best of the genre. Excellent choice if you are staying nearby & need an anytime bite.This place is open 24 hours and it's super convenient when you're drunk and starving
Best chicken late at night. Definitely try manchus and Willie Mae's to compare! The only only reason it's not five stars is that they always runs out of fried fish and side dishes.
Get the dark meat three piece with the honey mustard and SEASONED FRIES ARE A MUST. also the meat pies are fantastic!!! You will not regret it!So damn good! My boyfriend kept saying "let's go to willie's" and I couldn't spend $12 on a two piece meal. So I found this gem on yelp and went for it! The best fried chicken I have had in a while. Definitely worth a try!After walking around the French Quarter and making our way back to our hotel room, we were waiting at an intersection when a block down, the Brothers Food Mart sign caught my attention.  More so the fried chicken signage directly below it since I always have food on my mind, lol.  It sounded familiar to me, but wasn't sure why.  It wasn't until I later read a list of suggestions (when I got back to the hotel) that my fellow Yelp friend/NOLA resident, Lyn P. recommended this spot.
We love fried chicken, so we gave it a try.  For $4.29, you can get a two piece dark meat meal combo that came with one side. I ordered mine with steak fries with seasonings and the hubby originally wanted mashed potatoes, but when we later opened the container, he found a side of rice, oh well.
The chicken did not disappoint, it was juicy, the skin was crispy and tasty, everything we love about fried chicken.  We were debating on stopping by here on our last day to bring some fried chicken home with us on our flight back to San Diego, but we opted not to...instead we just went back one more time to get our fried chicken fix from a place worth checking out yourself when you're in New Orleans!2 dark pieces of fried chicken for 2.79. Delicious,fried chicken at any time of day or night.No frills liquourstore/market that sells that finger licking good fried chicken. It is located right across the street from the AC hotel on Carondelet st. I came around 2pm thinking I might just get disappointed. The chicken might be sitting under the heat light for awhile already. Nope! It aint so. I got the 3 pieces mixed chicken that is nice, fresh, warm, moist and just delicious! The french fries on the other hand was a bit dry and too salty. I wish I got the mashed potato instead but I was a bit hesitant to change because the attendant did not seem very patient for changes. Overall, it was well worth going in for a good and inexpensive fried chicken.BEST. FRIED. CHICKEN. EVER. thats all i gotta say!!! the chicken was cooked perfectly and was crispy on the outside. I also got the cajun fries which were good, but the chicken was definitely the main star! I love Popeyes sides, but to be honest, the chicken is WAY better here!!!Go elsewhere for your food. Stood in line behind someone trying to buy out their chicken and the guy in charge did not want to let the person take containers. And after he yelled about his overhead, he turned around without acknowledging us. It's a liquor store with a fryer. Go to willies.Oh my...who would have thought inside a convenience store that it would have the best fried chicken ever for a really good price? Aside from the great beer selection that you can buy by the bottle, a phone charger, snacks, wine there's the hot fried section that is amazing priced! 
$18 for 25 dark meat is such a steal! Had to try the meat pies since Yelpers recommended it. Might as well add an order of boudins. The fried chicken is well seasoned with spices and has a very light kick to it. Meat pie is like a beef patty that is really good!! Boudin is something I've never tried but was flavorful! 
I'll definitely be back to try their shrimp po boys and whatever else they have to offer!Best fried chicken if you need food on the late night. It was located right next to the hotel so super convenient if everything is closed. The chicken is super crispy and fried to perfection. They run out of sides fairly quickly so if you want sides I suggest coming during the day.Went there just for the fried chicken but also left with gizzards. Fried chicken was delicious as it was fried well and was seasoned also. Not spicy but delicious. The gizzards were also fried well and had the characteristic chewiness they should have. Can't beat a 24 hour quickimart with great fried food!Spicy, delicious, and juicy chicken. Enough saidOh man! After coming from the disappointing fried chicken experience from Coop's place, this made my night a whole lot better. The service was fast, the people are extremely kind, and you get what you ask for. The chicken was big and thick. It was juicy like an orange. It was crispy like a chip and it was seasoned really well. The prices are also extremely affordable. This is a place I would think about when I go back home.OMGGahhh. I can't ever eat KFC again. Get them dark meat fried chicken and rejoice in the juicy meat and crispy outsides. I dream of this at night.Oh, Brothers. I can't just not work downtown a couple of blocks away and not visit you a few times a week.
This place is marked as a convenience store, but it's very much known for its' chicken and meat pies. It's a box of freaking greasy deliciousness, man. And cheap too. A six piece tender meal (my staple choice) will cost you ~$5 which is a steal down in NOLA tourist heaven, and one meat pie is $2 but very much worth it. I'll get 2 of these bad boys if i'm feeling hungry enough. You have a choice of either getting a fountain drink or going down the aisle in the back and picking up a bottled soda or some high quality malt liquor.
The staff at this location is always friendly and quick. If you find yourself in this area (and i'm sure you will) then try it at least once. Just remember that there's nowhere to sit. It's still a convenience store after all.This a convenience store in the New Orleans CBD bear the quarter. What they do is serve is fried chicken to go that is really slap yo mama good. Sketch at night with questionable people nearby but great chicken. The best I've ever had at midnight and potential danger always makes taste better.Fried chicken was ridiculously good.  Best I even had????   Quite possibly.   Who knew a little market could pull this off.  Otherwise nothing too special about this place.  Got some hot fries and a gallon of water ($1.99).  Probably will have to go back here while I'm on New Orleans.   And by probably, I mean I will 100% be back.This is the best!!!!!!!! I freaking love fried chicken and this place... Man, was it amazing. I'm wishing they would bring Brothers to California. 
After a night of drinking, this stuff hit the spot. I mean, if you're looking for a sit down joint this is obviously not the place for you. But if you just want some delicious chicken... Do not hesitate to stop in. They offer dark meat, white meat, and tenders. I would say go for the bone in mix. It's messier than tenders, but boy oh boy is it good. The chicken is juicy with a super crispy, light batter. It's ever so slightly spicy; just enough kick to wake up your taste buds. 
G-O-O-D. That's all I got for you. I might hop on a plane back to Louisiana just for this chicken, it's so good.All I can say is this is The best Chicken in the area. And the price is great. When we were in New Orleans we tried a few places for chicken and this place was the best. 
Don't let the exterior discourage you from stopping there. Now I'm not saying it's a dirty I'm just saying you would never think they would have the best chicken in the area. 
We tried a few other places like Willie's Chicken Shack and a few more. Which I will be doing a review for also on. 
When we went there to get chicken at the corner store. So we were kind of skeptical. But we were on vacation somewhere like what the hell lets try it out. Now it's on my top ten place I have visited for the best Chicken. And I do love great chicken. 
The chicken was fresh crispy and well seasoned. The people behind the counter were really friendly. We got a 12 piece chicken that was $11.99 which was the best price for that amount of chicken. Now when you are there the also sell liquor and beer. Plus the normal corner store items. 
This place will and is a highly recommend stops when you are in New Orleans.Convenient store. Very tasty fried chicken. Jambalaya was good for price. Better fried chicken than most restaurants. Seems locally popular place. Very recommended of you want fried chicken.Fried chicken and a pack of gum? Don't mind if I do... Who knew convenience store chicken was a thing, let alone good?? We know now!!  Grabbed some on our way back to the hotel, as you can't go to the south without trying some fried chicken. We weren't disappointed, & you won't be either!I was so excited to come here and try out the fried chicken. My friend and I got the three piece chicken tenders with fries. We actually really wanted to try the dirty rice but they were out. This was a little odd because we saw an employee walk out from behind the counter with a gigantic container of dirty rice right before we ordered. We got the option of either honey mustard or bbq sauce and opted for bbq. Being from outside the South, we had forgotten that real bbq sauce is quite a bit sweeter and less smoky/more tangy than the store bought options. It would have been nice to get to try both. The chicken and fries were good, not great, especially considering the price. Good for a fried chicken craving, but likely not the best I've had.Wow who would have thought continence store chicken would rank up there with the big restaurants. That's what I love about NOLA, food is pretty much good everything. I've only had their fried chicken at 1am while drinking on Bourbon but heres my take: 
1. Fried chicken: Skin is amazingly seasoned and crispy and the inside is ridiculously juicy and moist. The chicken falls off the bone. I honestly think its better than popeyes and the price is super reasonable. I think it's less than $1 a piece. 
Overall, only fried chicken place you can get in the city that's open all night long. Being drunk probably helps with the taste but I genuinely think the chicken is top 3 in the city for the price. The staff is also super nice and the chicken is always pretty fresh. Definitely give this place a try.BEST frigging fried chicken I ever had in my life! Mic drop!!! 
As I was walking back to my hotel with this gem of a fried chicken I felt this vibe like I never felt before. Locals noticed that I was carrying a brothers fried chicken bag and gave me looks like yeah that's what's up. Got a wink from an old man as I walked pass him and door man at the hotel gave me a high 5 as I was entering the hotel and said "now u in New Orleans brother"  
I'm coming back to NOLA just for Brothers fried chickens.Yes Yes YES!!!!! This chicken is EVERYTHING. At first, we stumbled into this market to get some water, but the allure of the chicken got the best of us. Their pricing is almost as masterful as the chicken itself. While some chicken shops encourage you to stay in the 2-5 piece zone, brothers let's you know that you will be handsomely rewarded not only in flavor, but in price per piece discount with more chicken! 
The pieces are golden brown with PERFECT crispiness. Have you ever had chicken that was crispy on one side, but soggy and droopy on the other? Brother's does not have that issue. 
The pieces tasty moist on the inside. Some fried chicken have a good crispy outside, but it does not retain its moisture. Brothers does not have this issue.
The pieces are flavorful. Brothers does a great job in keeping that subtle spice kick. Some chicken are just one dimensional - but Brothers has kick, moisture and full depth of flavor.
If it's too spicy (which it should be minimal for anyone) dip it in some ranch...it ascend your taste buds to another dimension
TL:DR - go to brothers after you finish Bourbon St, when you're feeling a nice late night snack, or whenever you feel like it!!! Flavorful, moist, good pricing. Brothers.Don't judge a book by its cover. Was not expecting fried chicken from a convenience store to be so good. Brothers knows how it's done. Luckily, this spot wasn't far from our Airbnb. It's open 24/7 so fear not if you're looking for a late night bite.
Orders come out fairly quick and chicken is fried fresh. Chicken is juicy, tender, and has a crunchy exterior; exactly how it should be. The steak fries were also really good. We were going to try out a new chicken place (Willie's Chicken Shack which is everywhere and double the price), but ended up walking back to Brothers even though it was farther away. Great value and quality. So worth it.Best fried chicken I've had.  Slightly better than Popeyes.  Although it wasn't the freshest out of the fryer, the flavor juiciness, and spice level is perfect.  
I would be careful if you can't handle spicy foods.
Also the meat pie is very tasty.Wow. I came across this convenience store looking  for water for my room while visiting NOLA . I realized  they had a fresh fried  chicken going so I ordered  some since I had just arrived and hadn't eaten yet . I got back to the room  and bit into some of the best chicken I've  ever had . Being from New Jersey  I've had my share but not like this . Most places are afraid  to put a little heat on the chicken . 
This was perfectly crunchy while being nice and moist inside. and had incredible flavor made your tastebuds dance . Much tastier than Popeyes.just a small market that was close to our hotel, but they have pretty decent fried chicken, wine, beer and other sundries! Prices were very reasonable, the wine was almost $2.00 cheaper than the convenient store on Canal, just a block or so away.I cannot believe how good this bird tastes!  Do it! Juicy, even the white meat.  Great coating to skin ratio. Crispy coating doesn't come off in one piece like a greasy sweater.  It's a liquor store so take your bird somewhere within 5 minutes of the place to eat it. It's a beautiful town you will find a place but guard that bird because locals know how good it is!!I dare you to say something bad about the Fried Chicken!
Always good!
And Crystal hot sauce. 
Check them out in the way back from B Stthe fried chicken was good. especially for a late night snack when most places are closed.Hmmm a liquor conveience store that serves tasty fried chicken waaangs and tenders?? I'm totally in.
Ate here on multiple occasions and each time was great. The chicken waangs are tasty and crispy. If you get the chicken fingers make sure get em fresh out out of the fryer otherwise they tend to get a little soggy, especially if you walk out with them in their little yellow box and dont get a chance to eat them right away.
Check this place out. It gets busy with the drunk crowd, but its worth the wait and trip.Bodega-type place that has a 7-11 eleven vibe...with one important distinction!! The ah-mazzing fried chicken and fried fish!! We were so surprised how good these dishes are!! They have a slight kick from some type of Cajun spices-it definitely sets them apart!! We would love to have that again!!Oh. My. God. That is all. My taste buds are still tingling as I write this review.
I've visited and eaten in NOLA more times than I can remember. The Hampton on the opposite side of the corner is my go to hotel and I've walked past this place with nose in the air literally hundreds of times. Convenience store chicken, you say? No thank you. 
Was looking for a new place to eat while here and scanned Yelp. Saw all the awesome reviews and had to see what the fuss was about. I'm now kicking myself for my snobbery and not partaking of this manna from heaven before. 
This chicken is the bomb diggidy. It may be the Cherry Bomb daiquiri from Slush talking but this is the best bite of food I've had in NOLA in quite a while. Crispy? Yes. Spicy? Hells yeah. Tasty? What do you think? Who knew? I sure didn't but I do now. And now you do too. Check this place out. You won't be disappointed.Never in my years of traveling have I witnessed good food in a convenience store. Now maybe I have to do more exploring, but after stopping at Brothers Mart in NOLA I can easily say I'll will be returning. During my short planned trip in NOLA that was quite cold and windy I was looking for something quick and good to eat. I wasn't in the mood for sitting down or walking far (being that I did not have a vehicle) so I decided to try Brothers and didn't regret my decision. Their food was very well seasoned and the chicken was fresh and hot. I was very fulfilled. If you're ever visiting NOLA check out brothers! It's worth a tryHinghi was great!  He will be in every night so being that this is my first experience in New Orleans it was very comforting & may be my new local spot.  I appreciate it.Unbelievable!!! Crispy skin yet Juice and tender chicken meat inside. Flavor is spot on and did not need dipping sauce. It was finger lickingly good.
Open 24/7 and very reasonably priced. We came here 2 nights in a roll after a night out dancing/hopping around bourbon street.They sell the chicken straight out of a convenience store! Don't be fooled, it is everything that everyone is raving about it! There's no where to sit, so take your chicken and wedge cut fries and be on your way. 
The chicken is seasoned and cooked perfectly! It's open 24 hours! So, when we're finish getting Daiquiri wasted on Bourbon Street, we came here and ordered our chicken and headed back to our hotel! 
They do not disappoint! Also, we had ordered a couple of chicken strips for the uber ride! The chicken is just better than anything I've ever tasted. Also, the guy was like you want salt? And we're like, well yeah! And he puts this heap of seasoning salt in the super hot fries! The aroma from those things..........Best fried chicken in New Orleans. We have eaten at least once a year every year while visiting New Orleans and we are never disappointed. The food is quick, hot, fresh, and flavorful. The staff are friendly.This place would get a 4-star review if it was solely based on food and not service.  The fried chicken is amazing and the red beans and rice, to quote Seinfeld, "you can't eat standing up," it's that good.  I don't mind the line but the owner's unfriendly attitude made me hesitate the last time I wanted a bowl of soul food. 
I say if you want a tasty dish and don't mind rude people behind the counter while you give them your money, hit up Brothers.  The red beans and rice are a MUST for anyone visiting NOLA.Stopped if for the fried chicken. Good stuff. Just the right amount of spice and just enough attitude from the cook that takes your order. It okay to be sassy sister.
Also a plus is this place is also a mini mart, open 24 hours a day.Who got your back after drinking at the bourbon street more beer than there is water in the Mississippi River? Yeah, Brothers Food Mart was that hero that doesn't wear a cape after midnight where all I wanted was a good flavorful food that is exclusive to New Orleans. No, I'm not talking anything fancy, but their fried chicken is worth every single penny. 
After drinking a huge ass beer at the bourbon street, and making my way to the hotel, I decided to go for some fried chicken and man, let me tell you again, this fried chicken has a flavor that no other place has it. A little hint of spicy with a hell of deliciousness.... you gotta try it... my mouth is just drooling  as I write this review. I must come back to New Orleans again.Man o man. I never thought fried chicken from a gas station could be so freaking good. The tenders with dipping sauces were exactly what I needed. Also got some jalapeños on the side. The chicken was cooked perfectly. So juicy and moist. Umm want some more thinking of it.Hands down the BEST fried chicken I had while visiting NOLA.  This is saying something because every place around the corner serves fried chicken, but the batter and flavor at this place is out of this world.  (both for their fried chicken and fish)  There is a slight kick to the meat and you just can't stop eating.
Additionally this place is open 24 hours and is so incredibly cheap!  Go off the beaten path and get your fried chicken here!Hits the spot when you're hungry, have a craving or have had too much to drink! Convenient and quick!Late night fast food and delicious chicken they should open a restaurant on the chicken alone. It can get crowded after the bars close and they have run out so get you southern fried chicken on.Well, A-OK might be pushing it a bit. But it was better than Meh, and better than you'd expect from a convenience store. And under the circumstances, we weren't being too picky. 
The circumstances being: we had just returned  from an attempt to eat at famed Willie Mae's Scotch House, where we had waited for 40 minutes in a barely moving line before bailing. After a Lyft back to our hotel, we decided to venture into the Quarter to find something yummy. We recalled a delicious fried chicken on sweet potato bun that we had eaten at Broussard's bar on our last trip, so walked over to Broussard's. And.... Broussard's was closed for a private party. Hungry by now, we noticed the Brothers market on the corner and said, "Why not?" I mean, every time we passed it, people were lined up inside getting chicken.
Ordered a 3 piece white and a tenders dinner, both with red beans. We were told that they were out of red beans. Actually, the guy kinda barked at us. So, we ordered jambalaya rice as our side. And an order of boudin balls. The guys behind the counter were arguing continually in a foreign language. It was like a skit straight out of Saturday Night Live. 
Took our meals back to our hotel. The chicken wasn't hot, but it was pretty good in spite of it. The rice was quite spicy, and glommy, as I suppose to be expected. Boudin balls were pretty heavy but tasty. 
If in need, I could return. But I'm still craving that chicken sandwich on a sweet potato roll from Broussard's.Good, fast and great service! Chicken is very tasty. Awesome if you like crispy skin like me! Recommend this corner store at anytime of the day 24/7.Got 2 piece fried dark with fries, 2 meat pies, jambalaya all for $12. Chicken was crispy and juicy, meat pies light and flavorful, even Cajun seasoned steak fries were delicious. We went early so they didn't have some things yet hence 4 star rating but definitely worth going to! Plus convenience store prices better than stuff on canal street and it's only a block away.Love this place!  A little store that just happens to serve (to go) incredible fried chicken!  The only place to get a six pack of beer, 3 piece dark meat and condoms!When I was working for months in New Orleans - and staying at the CBD Hampton Inn (not recommended to stay at that one) I discovered this amazing food mart!! Still some of the BEST fried chicken I have ever had!! Mouth-watering, juicy and tender!! Excellent customer service - amazing staff always were friendly! Comforting when you are away from home!! Highly recommend checking this place out!! Delicious!Tastiest fried chicken ever! The meat was moist & cooked perfectly. It was crispy, but not oily at all. The prices are also great for anyone on a budget. Definitely recommend this over the chicken from Willie's.HORRIBLE SERVICE AT CARONDELET! The Kennet location is much better. I called 4 hr in advance for 60 pieces and they gave me hell.Fantastic Fried Chicken at an unassuming food mart. Although it sits under a heat lamp, it was very crispy and fresh tasting. The value was fantastic as well. It was great hangover food. 10/10 would stumble in here again after a long night on Bourbon.Not as spicy as Popeyes but good it does have a nice little kick.  Great to get and bring back to your hotel the Hampton Inn a block away.  My only complaint is for the price of white meat, you get 2 wings and a breast.  I would have expected 2 breasts.  Still a great place to go.Came here after having some drinks on Bourbon str
The chicken is actually really good
Ordered an 8pc dark meat ($9) and the chicken was hot, fresh and juicy! It was well seasoned throughout and full of spices and flavor. Yum!
You wouldn't think that you'd find such great fried chicken at a convenience store, but you'd be wrong!I am just as surprised as any of you are about a damn corner store than serves hot food and fried chicken at that!!!! but I was so curious so I had to check them out for myself too! I had to see what the hype was all about! 
YOU GOTTA ORDER THEIR MEAT PIE!! It was so savory and delish! Not to mention the smallest order of chicken u could order is a 2 piece that adds up to about $4 or $5. The meat pie is about $3. So glad I  got to pick up all my drinks and a quick snack at this lil food mart! If your in the area, come and check them out for a quick snack and quick pick ups!12.2.16: What's a good way to eat a quick dinner and relax a little. Fried Chicken it is.! This place was actually recommended by our Uber Driver. She asked us what we're planning to do and we told her the usual and mentioned our must eats as well. She actually laughed/giggled when we mentioned Willie Mae's. I asked what's so funny, and she replied well if you like to go there you can. Then I asked her where would she go. So this place was it.
Reminds me of a liquor store or 7 Eleven. I guess that's what it is but surprised that they had fried chicken. Looking up at the prices I was a bit confused. That's it? It's actually really cheap. So we ordered the 4 pieces mix which is $4.99. My first thought was, really? How good can this be? It's like KFC right? Or Popeyes? 
Went back to where we stayed at which was about two blocks away. Our first bite, OH my gosh this is so perfectly crispy. Another bite, Oh jeez this has so much flavor. Another bite, am I tripping? How is this so juicy? Bite after bites after bites, the hubby and I thought maybe we were just super hungry, maybe it's something else. How can this fast food joint have the right amount of seasoning, right amount of crispiness, and the chicken were huge. I like chicken breast and the Hubby usually doesn't because it's dry, but not this one. It was like dang, let me get some more of that. 
Crunch, Crunch Crunch, perfectly fried skin and juicy chicken. The fries were meh, maybe because it got soggy from the heat? Taste like any other fries and I guess we could have asked them to double fry it, but we just care more about the chicken. So good it makes me feel so disappointed that I have to leave this place. 
24 hours chicken anyone?Really good fried chicken. We come here almost everyday for more fried chicken during our stay since our hotel is like 2 minutes away. But I'm not a big fan of walking there at night, seems sketchy and not safe. We can never make sense of their pricing though.I can't believe this is our first time trying the fried chicken at brothers!! My husband and I visit a lot and have passed by the food mart so many times. After a day strolling the French quarter the munchies had us craving fried chicken. On foot and limited in time bc it was about to storm out we were in the right place when we looked up and saw the fried chicken sign! We only got a 4 piece mixed to share and omg!!! So impressed for being a food mart, it is everything fried chicken should be. The seasoning on point with a nice heat, perfect crunch and moist in the inside!!! Not to mention it was only around 6 and we both ate! It began pouring and we ran under a ledge and devoured our tasty lunch, will be one of the more memorable food experiences and will definitely be back to brothers!Staying next door at Hampton Inn and walked here on a Saturday evening around 7 pm 
Ordered a wing and a thigh and she sprinkled it with Cajun seasoning
We ate it out their front door on the street coroner
 Very good  and  juicy and cheap. $1.39 a piece 
Kinda of a pain to stand in line to order as she is cooking, taking orders, cleaning up, and doing it all. Took about 15 minutes to get our order.You have to go stand in another  line to pay 
We flew in from San Francisco and this was our first stop on our visit.  to New Orleans
We ended up going here three times during our 4 day vacay
Yum yumThese little gems are hidden in gas stations. The food is cheap and delicious for the price. The PO Boys are delicious and chicken strips. Most of them are open 24/7 so it's a great late night snack. If you visit New Orleans and get the munchies stop here.Walking past from French quarter, I asked a police officer who had the best fried chicken in the area, Willie's or brothers, brothers hands down he said, walked across the street to brothers and ordered the 8 PC 4 breast 4 wings, outstanding fried chicken. Took u er back to the hotel, chicken was still hot, spicey and Dee lic ousThere's nothing complicated about this.  The fried chicken (dark meat) is the best I've ever had.  Meat was moist to the point that it practically fell apart before I even bit down on it.  Coating was flavorful and crunchy.  Price was less than $1 per piece if you buy 12 like we did. (Yes, my husband did the ordering.)  I had no problem with the service.  This place is not only open 24hrs, but also only a block from our hotel.  
I traveled to that famous chicken restaurant in the ghettoes somewhere outside the French Quarter.  The one that is always on TV.  I left wondering a) Would my car still be there? and b) What's the hype over the chicken? I exaggerate, but you get my point.  You don't need to go out to the boonies to enjoy great fried chicken.  Come to Brothers.Best fried chicken in the world right here. Yes it's a convenient store yes they sell anything and everything and its opne 24 hours but that's why it's so great. Whatever you have going on you can get a few things at the same time and try best fried chicken in the world. Sorry for bad pics it was 3am...... oh and I've been coming here for about 8 years great late night spot and always amazingNew Orleans is my 2nd home and believe me when I tell you that Brother's has the BEST FRIED CHICKEN ever. Whenever I go, the people working always make a fresh batch of chicken for me. Their Cajun fries and mashed potatoes are excellent sides to go along with the chicken.