I usually only go to a fancy pants restaurant like Broussard's for a special occasion. But a friend told me about the $19.20 three course meal in honor of the 95th anniversary of the restaurant, so we decided to check it out.
 The restaurant itself is as gorgeous as ever, a gem of a fine dining establishment. There was a bit of a crowd, so it wasn't empty which is  a good thing. I can't stand sitting in an empty restaurant. The service was good to above average. 
 The $19.20 menu provides a few choices for each course. We both ordered the crab and shrimp cake for an appetizer. It was outstanding, one of the better appetizers I have had in a long time. I ordered the short ribs which were good but not great. The sauce was nice and the presentation was nice with a big Portobello on top which was tasty. But the short ribs were cut in pieces and were found under a mound of mashed potatoes. Nothing at all bad about the dish, it just didn't wow. My lovely better half ordered the fish ( drum I think) with tropical fruit salsa and coconut rice, a much better choice. It was very well prepared, especially the execution of the fish which was perfectly moist, cooked just right. For dessert, I ordered chocolate ice cream which consisted of a very tiny, kid's portion (not much more than a tablespoon )of very good ice cream accompanied by about a teaspoon of whipped cream. The better half again ordered better and got the peanut butter mousse which was a much larger portion and excellent, outstanding in fact.
 So if you're looking for a nice evening at a grand restaurant but don't want to break the bank, come to Broussard's for good meal and overall dining experience during the $19.20 special. And, frankly, you should consider coming after the special is over. The food is that good.I dined here as a party of 10 -- celebrating. Waiters were very friendly, but service was slow. I am not sure why, as there seemed to be more than enough staff and it wasn't overly crowded. We ordered a variety of things.  I heard that the drinks were delicious ( I'm pregnant). Food was good, but not outstanding.
My real issue here came from the hospitality, or lack thereof, from management. There was a mishap where a drink was spilled on me ( and splashed on fellow guests in my group and the opposing table). The drink literally went on my hair and down my back -- ruining my entire outfit and my bag/contents that was sitting behind me on the chair. The waiter was extremely remorseful, but the manager was not so much. He offered me limited baby wipes and gave me his email address in an offer to pay my dry cleaning bill . I can not say that he hasn't kept his word BUT I did subsequently email him and have yet to receive a response. I will go ahead and clean/repair all of my damage to the best that I can and will forward all pertinent info. Hopefully, I will be able to make a positive update to this review.
** it is important that I reiterate that my review is no reflection on the waitstaff. Mistakes do happen, but the response from management was below expectation and tarnished my entire experience. I didn't even finish my entree and declined desserts because I was more than ready to leave( unfortunately, this occurred early in the meal -- during drinks)Went to a private party here when I was in NOLA. Great space (old house) especially the court yard. Food was great, drinks were great and the staff was great. Walking distance from any hotel in the French Quarter.We decided to have our wedding at Broussard's courtyard and it was the absolute hands down best decision ever... Well aside from marrying each other!! Now keep in mind, we had our wedding over Mardi Gras which makes for great memories and good times but is a bit of a logistical nightmare for vendors and the restaurant due to street closures, etc. Leading up to the event itself Caroline was fantastic to work with. Always quick to respond and she went beyond the call of duty to help provide options when the NOPD couldn't issue a second line permit due to Mardi Gras. She helped coordinate all the vendors and ensure they could enter the Quarter and took care of deliveries seamlessly.
The day of the wedding itself, we were cared for like family from the time we walked in. Whether it was the coordinator who helped keep a nice calm before the ceremony  or their entire service staff who were always quick to offer assistance or to get anything, service itself couldn't have been better. 
Then we get to the courtyard... A spectacularly beautiful hidden garden right in the middle of the French Quarter. We wanted a whimsical peacock wedding and boy were we able to execute that vision. Plenty of room for our 7 piece brass band (the Paulin Bros. Brass Band... Also the best!), our guests, all the lighting and food. 
And now to the food... Omg!! We have a lot of serious foodie friends. We are foodies ourselves who love a great meal and good wine. I mean for heavens sakes look at my reviews... It was epic! The Cajun fried turkey is the best turkey I've ever had. Soooo happy I went with the potato/sweet potato bar with fixings. Everyone's inner child loves to make potatoes with toppings! The passed hors d'oeuvres were nuts! From the tasty catfish bites and the cones with goat cheese to the duck mushroom cups and beyond, if it had stopped there our guests would have been happy!! But we had so much more food... From ravioli filled with goodness to baked brie that must have Been the size of Rhode Island.... Goodness heavens. But we're not done folks... Their gumbo was perfect. Now I am very partial to Paul Prudhomme's, but Broussard's did not disappoint. One of my best friends is from Alabama and so knows a thing or two about a gumbo... By the end of the evening he simply said, if you don't get me away from that pot of gumbo, I'm going to explode! That about sums up everyone's response to the food. So f'ing good they couldn't stop eating it!! And then there is banana Foster. Sweet Jesus is it good... So happy we decided to forego the standard wedding cake for the buttery rum goodness that is bananas foster. 
So in short, if you're looking to have an amazing wedding in New Orleans in the French quarter with great food, a beautiful setting and impeccable service, you'll have no further to look than Broussard's.Amazing experience! Delicious food and wonderful service. What a great way to end my vacation 
The atmosphere was so relaxed!25 people reservation. Copious amounts of Champagne. Delicious southern food. Tableside Jazz trio. Perfection.
I was at Broussard's on Sunday for their Jazz Brunch with a very large party in town for a joint bachelor/bachelorette party and almost everyone I spoke to said this was the highlight of the entire weekend! We ate and did a lot this weekend and for this to be everyone's favorite really says something, I'm shocked by all the negative reviews.
The food was delicious- we loved the fried oysters rockefeller, shellfish bisque, steak and egg pirogue, chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits, and table-side made (fiery explosion) bananas foster! I would skip the biscuits and gravy next time, not my favorite.
Service was wonderful. Our waiters (Adam/Gordon,whatever your name is, and the cute girl with the pink hair?) kept the champagne flowing, they split up our bills in groups of 4 and did not judge us for the insane amount of champagne we drank. The price point is totally reasonable, too, mimosas for $12 and entrees between $16 and $32 (32 being the outlier).
HIGHLY recommend!Note: bar-only review since I didn't eat anything.
One of the better bars I've been to in New Orleans, they're working the same old-school image as many of the other pricier places but unlike those places they actually serve the drinks to the classic specifications. New Orleans is supposed to be a Sazerac town, so I ordered that and was served a textbook example made just right with an expert absinthe rinse and toasted orange twist. I can't remember what else we ordered, but I recall that every time a drink came out it tasted just the right strength and feeling the right temperature. Service was pretty quick as well and the bartenders are friendly but they don't let it slow down the service. I would go here again next time I'm in the area.Had a wonderful experience at Sunday Jazz Brunch! The staff was friendly and very attentive, especially when bringing refills for bottomless mimosas! Everything on the menu looked amazing. The blue crab gratin we had was superb. I also had the shrimp crab Benedict, I was in heaven!Booked a party of 18 for a Saturday live jazz brunch with $12 bottomless mimosas. John and Courtney were the BEST servers ever!!! It was my 30th birthday celebration and they handled a huge party like CHAMPS. Our mimosas were always full. The band was incredible. I did not hear a single complaint about anyone's food, in fact all I heard was how amazing everything was. I had the steak and eggs and the steak was cooked perfectly, exactly how I requested. We also had the friend chicken biscuit appetizer - several people in our group ordered this actually - and everyone LOVED it. We got to pour our own OJ in our glasses after the servers filled our glasses with champagne - this was my favorite part. I love being able to control the oj amount for a mimosa, it's too often that restaurants don't allow this and it's a 50/50 ratio, and I hate that! I have nothing but great things to say about this place. White table clothes, perfect service, amazing food, and even the host and hostess were so welcoming and nice to us. HIGHLY recommend for a casual live jazz brunch but still upscale food and service! No dress code! What are you waiting for? Make your reservation now!This establishment is beautiful. the food menu looks astounding, and the bar was top notch. The bar tender here is world famous and makes amazing drinks. You can drink at the bar or on the gorgeous patio.Took a group of 6 for drinks and dinner last evening.  The happy hour in bar was great their cocktail and wine selection is good.  They don't offer anything to snack on s purchase of chicken satay and pomme frites were in order for a nominal charge.  The dining room was elegant but relaxed.  Our waitstaff was lacking in attention to our table had to get up twice to ask about drinks and then again dessert.  The food was excellent fresh and prepared properly. Would i return ?  Maybe... there are so many options in the French Quarter.We celebrated our honeymoon with dinner at Broussard's, and it was excellent from the beginning. Staff met us at the door and made us feel welcome as our table was prepared. Wendy and Lionel provided great service, helping us make the right menu choices throughout our evening, and balancing privacy with attention. 
Every detail of our night exceeded expectations and we will happily remember tonight forever !Dined here for the first time today with my family (Easter Sunday).......and although the food was good, the terrible service just killed any chances of it receiving anything higher than 3 stars from me. To be honest, if it weren't for the food being so good, I would have given it only 2 stars. 
We were seated at 2:30, and didn't leave until 5:00, and not by choice. It took THAT long to get our food. We all got their three course Sunday brunch, and there was about a 30 minute delay between each course. Our appetizers were wrong, my main course had to be sent back because my steak was cooked well done even though I ordered medium rare, they tried to short us on sides that we ordered, and didn't even bring out ice cream with the bread pudding. All was corrected, but each correction added another 15-20 minutes. To sum up, food tasted good but only when it was right, and service needs a LOT of work.Couldn't find shrimp creole anywhere but Broussard's had it. Great upscale dining experience, we enjoyed it so much we ate here twice.Broussard's is considered one of the New Orleans "big four" (Antoine's, Arnaud's, and Galatoire's being the other three).  This place looks elegant, but has no dress-code. The food and service were excellent during my visit there with my brother in late-February!  Alexandria, who took my cocktail order, suggested the Hurricane, which is sweet and much better than the Pat O'Brien's version (in my opinion). Next I had the Lump Crab Ravigote salad, followed by the main entree of Gulf Drumfish Bonaparte, and Bittersweet Chocolate Pave for dessert....all three were delicious! Would definitely go back to Broussard's again for a meal....they seem to be one of the famous New Orleans restaurants that many visitors overlook, and I am so glad that we gave them a try! Thanks for a memorable dining experience!Wow.  Might be the worst meal I have ever had.  Service was awkward.  My fiancé and I split 2 appetizers, the fried oysters and the fried chicken and biscuit plates...oysters were slimy, over creamed spinach but nothing fancy, and the fried chicken and biscuit dish was served with a wilted (read: limp and light brown around edges) Cole slaw and an Asian type sweet and sour sauce on the side that made it feel like a poorly executed Pei Wei appetizer.  We split the "strip special" with sweet potato, a crab cake and a single crawfish...the strip was as close to a heated frozen food section Salisbury steak as you can get, and the crab cake tasted like Pepperidge Farm stuffing you'd have at Thanksgiving.  We had a side of haricot verts almondine for a vegetable which were nothing special (but, the only fresh ingredient used in the entire meal) and not an almond sliver in sight.  I ordered a Pimms Cup to drink which mentioned seasonal/fresh fruit but came out looking like brown pool water with ZERO fruit and tasted like a cheap bar Long Island iced tea.  I am not a picky eater by any means but this entire experience was just BAD.  We left most of our food and ate something else somewhere else later.As a local New Orleanean, I have a never-ending and, somehow, continually growing bucket list of restaurants to check out. Broussard's had been on my list for a while and I finally made it out there a couple of months ago. The experience was amazing and memorable!Everyone from the hostess, to the servers and the managers were friendly, welcoming and helped to create a special evening for my group. 
     The food and drinks were simply sinful!! To start, I had the Peruvian Cherry Blossom Cocktail. It was smooth and delicious! I was with a bigger group but some of my favorite dishes at the table were the Abita Amber BBQ Shrimp starter, the Pompano & Andouille Cake and last but certainly not least, the mushroom dusted Ostrich Filet!! Pompano is a popular fish in the city and I have had it at many restaurants, but this is definitely my new favorite preparation. Everything on the menu really accents traditional Louisiana cooking in a delectable and unique way! To top it all off we kind of overdid it with dessert, having shared almost all of the items on the menu... but it was worth it! The bread pudding was delicious, along with their house made ice cream trio and my personal favorite, their Bananas Foster, which is prepared table side!! 
     Before we left, Jovani, our server, was nice enough to show me their beautiful courtyard and informed me of their Sunday Jazz Brunches, which I am excited to stop in for one day soon! As a local, I would definitely suggest Broussard's to others! With the plethora of restaurants to choose from in New Orleans, and particularly in the French Quarter, this restaurant is an absolute must!Overall, nothing with recommending about this place. Extraordinarily overpriced, but wouldn't have been great at half the price. The food was ok at best, my fried chicken was way overcooked. The service was terrible. Granted, we had a group of 10, but we had reservations and 2 servers, so they should have been able to handle it. For example, I asked about what beers they had, and was told "well, we have ipas..." Ya think? That was as specific as she could get. Multiple drink orders forgotten, etc. Much better food, better service, better value elsewhere.I came here for a company dinner recently and I was a bit nervous by the gamy menu. I have had fine dining many times before but not one that had game meats. I stuck with fish and got the sea bass which was the fish they had because the other fish on the menu they ran out of. The sea bass was very good. Overall, I would go back but again for someone that does not like game meats their is fish and steak on the menu. I didn't get dessert but my other co workers enjoyed the dessert.Excellent food, good service and reasonably priced. Perfect setting for our bachelorette brunch. Bottomless mimosas for $12 and a live trio to play music on request. Would definitely come back for another meal or special occasion.Brunch and bottomless mimosas are wonderful! What honestly earns this fifth star is the service. Second to none, and the entire staff is incredible! The food is the best I've had while down here and the atmosphere is perfect! Jupiter (our waiter) was absolutely incredible and honestly made the experience!The only reason it gets two stars is because of the courteous bartender who also waited on us.  Drinks were good, food was not. One meal could have been bad and undercooked.  When I say "bad" I mean spoiled.  We sent it sent back, and it left a bad enough taste to abruptly leave.  We were hoping for a really good meal after being sent here by our hotel concierge. Didn't happen.Rita.  Bartender extraordinaire.   Best damn classy drinks in the Quarter.  Friendly - even though high-end - you can go to the bar in shorts & feel the love. Go for the famous Ramos Gin Fizz.  Come back for Happy Hour snacks.  Amazing.  Our Go-To stop to cool off, hydrate & recharge.   Drinks are amazing & food is fabulous!  I want to become the Duchess here.  It's that good!We opted for the prix fixe Reveillon. Wow! What a pleasant surprise!  The fish entree, drum served with andouille potato hash and a creole meunière sauce was excellent. Great umami! We will return.This place was nice. We had a 12:30 reservation , got there at 12 and they had a table ready in about 5 min on a Sunday. It has a very classic southern feel. The food was so good, a little pricy but the experience is worth the price. They have a live music group that plays jazz and goes around the restaurant. 
Service was amazing! Specifically our two servers Sterling & Don. They provided amazing service!! Sterling never left my mimosa glass empty for more than 2 minutes lol! 
5/5 recommend!Went tonight around 8:45 and sat at the bar with maybe 2 other people at the bar. We ordered an appetizer and then the $19.20 special for both of us. It took over an hour to get the food. We were way past ready to go by the time we got the food. The 3 stars is because they gave us each a free glass of wine for the wait and bc the food was good. It wasn't good enough for the wait though. I had the duck and my friend had the brisket. We also had the scallops appetizer on the reg menu which was really good.My wife and stopped for dinner. Food was very good. The service was good as well.
Would have rated higher. Made reservations on line arrived for dinner. Was seated right away. Only problem was the web site had no dress code listed. So we where moved from the dining room to the patio due to the fact I was wearing shorts. Told hostess web site said nothing about a dress code her reply was were trying to get them to change that. To sum it up food was good service was good. Need to let people know about dress code.First of all, I would like to comment on the services provided. It was out of this world!!! The maitre D, Menard(I hope I didn't butcher your name but on the other hand, I hope you are reading this comment), was genuinely polite, friendly, nice, and funny.  That night, we (the only noisy Asian group and my boyfriend who isn't) enjoyed the food and his humor. Honestly, even if the food were tasteless, we would have walked out happy too! If the owner of Broussard's is reading this, please do not allow Menard to leave you. He makes the whole dining experience memorable. Our waiter also offered excellent service. However, my only regret is I don't remember his name and we did not take a picture with them. I only have pics of the food! We were all also very satisfied with the quality and presentation of our dishes. If I ever go back to NOLA, I would definitely dine at Broussard's again!!My main motivation to go to New Orleans again was to go back to Broussard's. I love it. I was a bit sad that a few of my favorite menu items were removed, but nevertheless, my food was still awesome. Food is great, service is superb, atmosphere is cozy.I'd leave zero stars if I could. Came for a Bachelor party and the waiter slammed down our checks and told us to separate them ourselves.An excellent recommendation by Amex! By far the most amazing customer experience I have had I recent years. I cannot say enough kind things about the staff especially Menard!Sunday brunch here with a group of ten and we were not disappointed.  It took them a few minutes to get our table ready even though we had a reservation, but afterwards, the service was superb. 
With the jazz music trio playing, we enjoyed  a variety of items from the brunch menu that were all delicious and well prepared.  I tried most of the dishes and could not pick a favorite. They also accommodated a couple of food allergies.  
We will be back!We had never visted this restaurant and wanted to try it while they were offering their anniversary special, 3 courses for $19.20. I had the fish as my entree and it was delicious. My husband had the BBQ brisket, also delicious. We also ordered an extra appetizer, the scallops, which were great. While the meal was inexpensive the drinks were not -- we ordered the house wine, chardonnay, and were charged $12.00 per glass. I guess that is where they make up for the low cost of the meal. TIP - buy a glass of house wine from the bar before being seated. At the bar it is only $5.00 per glass.  Another TIP - don't use online link to make reservations, call restaurant directly. Open Table said there were no tables available until 8:45pm. I called and got a table for 4 at 6:00pm. Restaurant was not crowded and service was excellent.Not going back. The service was lacking. Nice waiter but couldn't keep up with tables. The drinks were the only thing worth the visit. The fish dish was so salty and loaded with spices that I couldn't eat it. My friends found too much garlic in one dish and the other had a hair in her food. The appetizer was even worse. The dessert was average at best. This was my second visit and it will be my last.First evening in New Orleans we wandered into the Empire Bar at Broussard's for our second happy hour of the night. Tom was delightful as our bartender and explained all of the drink specials. When he mentioned $6 absithine we were intrigued. Neither of us had tried one so we acutally ordered one to share not knowing what to expect. Tom graciously prepared our absinthe while explaining in detail the entire process and answering our questions. If you've never had and absinthe this is the place to try it. Let me tell you after splitting one we were glad we did. They are not for the faint of heart and if you're a "lightweight" like us that may be the way to go. We also got the crab and corn beignets. Yum. This is a beautiful bar with a great happy hour. We'll have to try it for and entire meal next time.Their Chicken Over Waffle is to die for! We were a party of 9 people and the bottomless mimosas were every bit true to their word.. We could barely see the bottom before they were replenished. Such impeccable service is rare. The band is great and the overall vibe of the place is amazing. The brunch here was one of the highlights of our trips to Nola!Absolutely love this place. Came here for dinner and everything was incredible. They were completely booked, but we sat in the bar area and it was perfect. The three course New Year's Eve dinner was everything and more. I would totally recommend this place and will definitely be back!What a fabulous restaurant. We attended a wedding here and the food was outstanding. The restaurant itself was beautiful, the courtyard is stunning. Highly recommended for dinner and as a wedding venue. 
5 stars!!!We met the most wonderful knowledgeable bartender, on the planet!!  Tom, continued success, Broussard's (Empire Room) is lucky to have you! I have a new appreciation of Absinthe, ......... and Van Gogh (lol) !!I was excited about dining here as its a really cool place, but just can't provide a full level of support giving the issues we had. We did have a big party (13) on a Saturday night during jazz fest, and our reserved table was ready on-time. We received our drinks about 20 minutes after ordering, appetizers after 1 hour, and entrees 1 hour and 45 minutes after ordering. I am not joking, and they were not very busy, it was the longest wait for dinner I've every had (excluding when we were purposely taking a very long dinner). 
When we finally received our dinner, most of it was very tasty.  I had the creole shrimp which were absolutely drenched in cayenne pepper, I am a spicy food kind of guy and the cayenne was so overpowering you couldn't taste anything else. The oysters Brounssards were three tiny flash-fried oysters, good but for $15? My adjacent table mates both had the cajun shrimp with penne pasta.  One guy had several huge, grilled gulf shrimp (15-20 size) with the tail on, and the person next to him, with the same dish, had several small white shrimp (30-40 size) with no grill marks and no tail. Looked very much as though they ran out of big shrimp. I tried the hanger steak and it was exceptional. The Sazerac cocktails e were served were luke warm by the time we received them, but we did order ten. 
One thing they were very prompt about was bringing more wine. The jazz brunch sounds like a better idea.Mimosas are excellent. Bread....ahh. Food, I have no idea because It's been 2 hours and we still don't have any.
By the way, no reflection on Rachel our waitress. She was amazing, bless her heart.Loved it. First time for Sunday brunch and we are ready to do it again. Excellent service, beautiful courtyard setting, delightful jazz trio, wonderful conversation with friends and a very tasty meal . Don't miss out!!Before we get to the food, lets talk service. The entire staff and team at Broussard's is well deserving of all the accolades many of the other yelp reviews have given. This was one of the more memorable dining experiences we had during our trip to NOLA. Friendly and attentive service without being overbearing. 
Food was excellent. If you are looking for traditional French Creole, do yourself a favor and come here.I hate giving this place a low rating, but it is what it is. When my parents and I were seated at a table, they forgot to bring us napkins. How do you forget that? The waitress in charge of our food barely served us, so the waitress who had been in charge of our drinks had to help us the entire time. The service was mediocre, but some of the waitresses were pretty nice. The food took forever to arrive, and we were only in New Orleans for a day (we had been there for at least 30 minutes waiting). Only when we asked the waitress about our food did we receive it. They were also pretty discriminatory to us. While we were waiting for a table, a white couple walked in. My mom heard the hostess say that it would look bad if we weren't seated before the couple, so we were placed at a random table. Then, that couple was seated and received great service and their food much quicker than we did. The food was really good, but the prices, quantity and the wait (unless you're willing to wait and willing to pay about $25 per dish) weren't really worth it.Absolutely delicious!! Our waitress was very attentive and kept filling out water AND bottomless mimosas. And for $12 you can't beat the bottomless mimosa offer. They constantly refill your glass with champagne and bring a glass of orange juice to the table to be added to your drink. The food came out relatively quickly for a busy Sunday and was warm and delicious. And the atmosphere is gorgeous. They even had a live band which went table to table and asked if they could play for you. Will definitely be returning!!Came in for brunch today with a group.  Champagne was consistent.  Service was attentive.  Live music was great.
For a started we had this yummy cheesy crab dish with bread
Chicken and waffle - Fried chicken was flavorful and waffle was ok but didn't like the syrup though.
Shrimp and crab omelette was tasty.We went for weekend brunch and really liked it. Great service, friendly and professional staff, a nice jazz trio. The turtle soup is excellent but the shrimp and crab benedict and the southern fried chicken and waffles are simply wonderful!Had a company dinner here. Broussard's is rich in history and beauty. The courtyard is one the nicest and most expansive I've ever seen, and with the French doors opened up in the large room off the main dining area you have a nice view of it. 
After some frustrated bill transfer bartender/server issues we made our way to our dining area. (A place like this shouldn't have any of their frontline team visibly showing their frustrations over bill transfer issues - sort it out later, and not in front of customers.)
Every hors d'oeuvres was not only incredibly presented, but incredibly tasting. Well done on this front Broussard's. I tried the mushroom dusted ostrich filet for my entree - not the best bird I've ever had, but most likely due to my expectations being so high fresh off the hors d'oeuvres. 
The service continued to decline throughout the course of the meal - there just seemed to be some odd sense of combined frustration from the entire serving staff. I found this very unsettling, since our group's bill was definitely near five figures with a guaranteed 18% for the serving staff.
At any rate, I'd go back again, but only as a four top or less. It's at least worth stopping in and taking a tour next time you're in NOLA. And the maitre d' was extremely generous with some historical information as well.Go for the set menu. The food is fantastic and the restaurant has a long history. Never can go wrong.This is one of the classic New Orleans Creole fine dining establishments of legendary lore.  New owners have taken the helm and seem to have been improving upon it while experiencing some inconsistencies that seem to be smoothing out.  The food has generally been good here but I've had some things that didn't meet my expectations a few times.  The biggest issues here seem to relate to service and at an establishment of this caliber service is certainly held to a high standard by those of us who hold our New Orleans dining traditions sacred.  I think they have put the right team in place and seem to be running a more consistent operation.  The bar has been top notch on every visit I've made so if they can maintain consistency in the dining room service and kitchen operations they should easily earn more stars from me.  The courtyard here is a very pleasant space when they weather is agreeable while happy hour and their Jazz Brunch are probably two of the best times to sample the offerings here.I came here with 7 friends for Easter brunch this past Sunday. The service was very friendly, and they had decked out the lobby with this great Easter tree, and there was a live band going around serenading everyone. And they were very generous about replenishing our bottomless mimosa/rose orders. 
However, the kitchen must have been short-staffed because it took us at least an hour to get our appetizers (and one of our friends got his soup about 20 minutes before the rest of us). There was maybe another 45 minutes in between the apps and our entrees. The waitstaff didn't even offer bread to tide us over until I asked for it. And although the waitstaff apologized on multiple occasions about the long wait, they didn't comp anything for us - and they still charged us a flat 20% gratuity. 
And to top it all off, I'm pretty sure the illness I succumbed to later that afternoon and into Monday was food poisoning (for future reference, I ordered the turtle soup and the shrimp and crab benedict). 
Thankfully this was my second trip to New Orleans, so I didn't miss as much on my vacation as I could have. But when I return, I will probably not be stopping here again.Favorite restaurant on our trip by far(of the six we tried, after Yelp research of course). Would actually rate as 4.5 as it was a little slow for service. Gumbo was very good. Turtle soup more of a chili, primarily because I went light on the sherry, but I liked it better that way. Wife had the shrimp/crab pasta (sans crab) and it was delicious. I had the crabmeat gratinee to start, great flavor, good bread. Gulf fish almandine was outstanding. Kind of like a fish marsala. They have a cool courtyard. Great atmosphere, old with a lot of history, but open, and airy (we tried another old school place that was downright musty). Great place to go!My family chose this place for my dads 60th birthday, so I made a reservation here Day of. This place wasn't completely packed and our service was friendly but a little slow. Overall the food was good. I ordered a three course entree with a shellfish appetizer that sounded on the menu to be more extravagant than it turned out to be, my entree was a filet mignon with crab that was delicious and cooked perfectly. We upgraded the dessert from bread pudding to bananas foster which was yummy and a fun "at the table" presentation. Meal was great but when we needed to leave in a hurry they were less than accommodating. Took a while to close out when we handed over a card without receiving itemized receipt first. Oh and the waiter advised us when we asked to uber to the royal sonesta rather than walk which was less than one block away!!!!! That was upsetting to me when we (6of us) got in the car with only to see it on the next corner.If you don't mind paying top dollar for some eggs, then GO HERE! The outdoor patio was beautiful with a live jazz band playing in the background. Service was a bit slow -took about an hour and 4 rounds of mimosas before we got our food; and we drank our bottomless mimosas faster than they could keep up. Chicken and waffles were bomb af, and the seafood eggs benny was delicious. The 2 people in our group who got the burgers were disappointed in how well-done their meat patty was, however. In the end, our waiters sent us home with to-go cups of mimosas :DWonderful brunch experience! Food was delicious (shrimp and crab omelet with bottomless mimosas!) and the service was excellent. It's so refreshing to encounter a well managed staff that seems to genuinely appreciate your visit. The courtyard is charming, and the live jazz trio was just the icing on top. Much more relaxed and less rushed than the crowded brunch buffet a few streets over. We will definitely be back on our next visit to New Orleans!Highly recommend this place! They are so very accommodating and the food is absolutely amazing. I have come here while in town for bachelorette party and also with a smaller group of people. You will be very pleased no matter the occasion. I will be coming back every time I'm visiting NOLA.BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
Now that I've got your attention, I'm pretty sure you've figured out that Broussards is your best bet for a GNO Brunch. As it was the case for me and my friends. Reservations are critical here as the restaurant gets lots of traffic from tourists and visitors. It's also casual here so don't be alarmed if you see beautiful decorated French decor and waiters in formal attire. It all good because it's the Big Easy. 
What I love about NOLA is all the lively music and Broussards has a great trio of musicians who perform classic songs right next to their table. Although they should brush up on their Cole Porter. I requested them to play one and they only knew "Anything Goes". But I'll take it.
The food takes a long time. I mean a ridiculously long time. It could have been because a giant table of women were seated next to our table and was just then getting to their dessert which means the kitchen probably hadnt even begun our order. 
The food is really delicious but I tried the chicken and waffles and I was disappointed that the chicken was rather dry. The seafood crab cakes are a great choice if you're looking for something filling but not too full, unique to the NOLA cuisine, and decent in price.The food was outstanding but unfortunately the service was terrible. In their defense they had a wedding going on so make you sure you ask about special events going on and make sure you book a night without them. The wine list was confusing and had no value. All the wines worth drinking were very expensive. 3X retail at least.Whenever I travel I always set aside a day for a "white linen table cloth" meal.  I chose Broussard's ironically because it was listed in some brochure I received about various restaurants and sightseeing destinations across New Orleans. I'm usually reluctant to try these places, as they are mostly tourist traps, however the Yelp reviews were decent and I wanted to experience a NOLA jazz brunch.  I was blown away by the elegance of the decor and I loved the bees ( a nod to Napoleon) that could be found on the plates and the draperies. The band was gracious, the staff accommodating and the service was impeccable.  The only reason I'm not able to give 5 stars is because I found the menu to be somewhat limited. In spite of the limited menu,  the food was delicious and I would highly recommend visiting, particularly for a celebration or other special occasion:Went for brunch on a Friday and I think they are the best brunch I've had in New Orleans. And that is a great feat. Bottomless mimosas are good. And we had the chicken and waffles and shrimp and crab omelet which were both amazing! A little expensive but that was expected. First time going and I'll definitely go back.We went on 10/6/2013 to try the newly renovated restaurant.  Being there was a wedding party on the main room, we were placed in the back dining area which was just as elegant but more quaint at the same time.  Started off with oysters three ways which was a nice appetizer.  The pigs feet amuse bouche made of pigs feet was great.   Three of the four of us thought we heard pigs feet but we said "no, we must of heard wrong", only to have it confirmed by the manager.  We followed with lamb chops, jumbo shrimp, red fish and halibut entrees.  The fish were solid but nothing extraordinarily memorable.  The lamb was fantastic and the shrimp were very good.  Finished it off with home made pistachio ice cream and a creme brûlée.  Did I also mention 3 bottles of wine with one being comped (thank you Chris)!  Definitely a new and great renovation!Great food and service. Located in the French Quarters on Conti street. I recommend the Louisiana Bonaparte.While in New Orleans we were looking for a place to have brunch. We found Broussard's and made a reservation not knowing what to expect. First let me say that making the reservation at Broussard's was one of the best choices ever. From the moment you walk in you're greeted with a smile and all the staff is extremely friendly. Friday through Sunday they do a jazz brunch that is wonderful. A small group of musicians which were highly skilled walked around the restaurant playing classic New Orleans jazz and everything far between as well. 
The atmosphere is very good and has lots of natural light from the big windows all around which scatter light through the many classic crystal chandeliers you'd expect to find in an original New Orleans style building. Very sophisticated and elegant feeling throughout the entire restaurant. 
The food for brunch was all wonderful and the menu had a good selection of items including New Orleans style French toast, steak and eggs, and other southern inspired items. The crab Benedict was amazing and I would highly recommend it. From the appetizer section the chicken biscuit on a sweet potato biscuit was beyond amazing. Everything was extremely full flavored and presented well. The best deal of the jazz brunch is the $12 bottomless mimosas which can be made with champagne or rose. They have a good selection of juices for mixing or you can simply drink the champagne plain if you want. 
The servers were all very personable and quickly become friends with everyone at your table. They answered all questions and did their best to accommodate all requests. They're very knowledgeable about the menu and make very good recommendations if you can't decide between items. They also let us know that if you're celebrating a birthday they give you a complimentary dessert! 
Broussard's is definitely a stand out for brunch and probably as well as dinner. The meal will be remembered not only because the experience but from the good oyster forks given as a gift in a lanyard for the holidays. Can't wait to come back!The best dining experience in NOLA! We went to Broussard's Sunday Jazz Brunch for my sisters 30th birthday and had a wonderful dining experience. Everyone ordered the bottomless mimosas. The staff kept them coming. . A few of us ordered the chicken biscuit appetizer and it was so so so good!! For my entree I ordered the shrimp and crab Benedict. The shrimp  in the croquet were much bigger than expected and it was very tasty. The service is what truly made this an exceptional dining experience. The band sang happy birthday to my sister, the managers stopped by to make sure we were enjoying ourselves and the wait staff is just the best. Definitely a place to visit when in NOLA!Great jazz music, bottomless mimosas, and delicious traditional southern breakfast. I'd recommend coming here but be sure to checkout the patio area. And don't be intimidated by the seemingly fanciness to it. You can wear whatever and expect the service to be great!Service: The servers were both very friendly and nice but the food took forever to arrive (50 mins) and the place wasn't really crowded. I'm not sure if it's because we asked for the food to come out at once, but this was brunch food & salad. 
Food: Food was okay, nothing special. The eggs Benedict English muffin was so tough to cut. They have $12 bottomless mimosas so that's a plus. 
Overall, I'd come here if you want ok food & don't mind waiting!I took my wife here to celebrate her birthday. It was an excellent choice! It exceeded our expectations. The service from everyone in the restaurant was beyond compare. They were professional, but friendly and down-to-earth. Our food selections were absolutely delish!! The wine list was extensive, but pricy (which is to be expected in an upscale establishment), but since it was a special occasion, we decided to splurge. We highly recommend Broussard's!Eleven of us celebrated my daughters 30th birthday at the jazz brunch. I can't possibly express how wonderful the whole experience was. When I called to make reservations Rebecca was very enthusiastic about Zoe's party. She listened attentively and had some good suggestions for the party. The wait staff was so attentive and worked hard to make sure everything was perfect. The mimosas were the best I've ever had and not one glass was ever empty. The food was served in a timely matter and everyone commented on how much they liked their dish. We never felt rushed and had everything we needed. The music was festive and the performers played tirelessly. Thank you for making the day special for all of us!I came here specifically to taste master mixologist Paul Gustings' cocktail the Ruby Rangoon Star- delectable!  He recommended the crab and corn chowder and I'm already planning my next trip to NOLA just to have this again! See you next time, Paul!Amazing!  One of the best places I ate at in New Orleans....I'd say it's a hidden gem.
We went for the Sunday Jazz brunch and had a great time.  The food was exquisite, the service really good, and the jazz band made it fun.
I highly recommend itHAPPY FACES ALL AROUND. 
We came here over MLK Weekend for a girls brunch of 12, and had booked these reservations 2 months in advance as we had a large group ($25 cancellation fee / head if you cancel less than 24 hours in advance). They also accommodated splitting our checks without us even asking which was amazing, as nobody else over the weekend was nearly as willing. 
Atmosphere: I`ll be the first to say that we did not really understand what we were walking into. We showed up in converse and sweatshirts, whereas the clientele was definitely nicely dressed (churchgoers, dressed up couples). Despite this, the staff was so great to us-- our mimosas were never empty and they even gave us to-go cups when we were heading out. The music was great and they also came around to all of the various tables and took requests. 
Food: Additionally, the food was delicious. Every single person loved their dishes- with the crowd favorites being the Chicken & Waffles and the Shrimp & Grits. The burger & the vegetable quiche were not far behind. My one thing was the Citrus Avocado Salad which I got as a starter was okay but overdressed. I would go straight for the good stuff next time :) 
I'd definitely return to Broussards.My friends and I had a very disappointing experience at Broussard's on New Years Eve. We spend a great deal of time in advance scoping out somewhere more formal to kick off the night. This year we settled on Broussard's. 
We showed up for our 7 p.m. reservation and were seated in the last table of a back room.  This is where things went rapidly downhill. Our waiter made it very clear from the start that he had no interest in working that evening.  He refused to speak for most of the night and left us trying to pry answers out him for basic questions.  i.e. is there a wine list?  may we please order now?
Some of our group decided on the price fixe menu for the evening and others ordered off the standard menu.  To say that service was slow is an extreme understatement.  It took 2.5 hours before we got our entrees.  We watched as other tables seemed to receive food in a timely manner, but we were not one of them.  
At one point the waiter brought over a bread basket with various spreads to add to them. We tried to flag our waiter down for 15 minutes to ask the ingredients due to an allergy one of the guests had, but we never got him.
There were multiple time periods of more than 20 minutes where we did not see our server.  We got up twice looking for him.  
He brought out the third course and chose not to clear away the previous course plates.  At one point a manager came by and realized we had an insane amount of plates that we were literally stacking up on the table. He cleared those, but made no effort to help with the overall service problem.  
We ended up skipping the dessert course which was included in the price fixe menu because the service was so insanely slow and we had now wasted more than 3 hours trying to eat a meal.  We spoke to a different manager at the end, who quite frankly, wasn't that concerned.
I'd love to tell you that the food is wonderful and worth the effort.  But it was overshadowed so completely by the lack of any type of customer service.  Good luck to you if you choose to try this one.The first time we had been to Broussard's for brunch. First of all, the brunch menu that I saw on line was out of date, so imagine my surprise when I arrive at a brunch to find that there was only one egg selection, aside from the side order eggs. The rest of this so called brunch menu is just a burger, some sandwiches and what can only otherwise be described as lunch.  
My husband and our guest had the only egg dish which they said was very good.  I had the burger which was also good and our other guest had the shrimp and grits which was the best of the lot. We then had a chocolate dessert which was very good and an awful cheese plate. The cheese plate had 4 types of cheese and a few grapes on it. There was no bread or crackers with which to eat the cheese.  The mimosa service was indeed endless so that was good, although at the end of the meal they tried to stop serving. Our very nice waiter brought back the cava. 
Our friend ordered a Machiatto, and was served espresso with too much milk.  
The service was good, although confused at times.  
I would not return for brunch, because I like a breakfast food focus at brunch and Broussard's does not have that.Friendliest staff ever.  Great food,  l
killer brunch.  If you get a chance eat outside their patio, they play great local jazz (on loud speakers) ...just sit there and pound mimosas 'til it's time to hit the town.My husband and I went for our anniversary dinner while on vacation in the French Quarter. We had made reservations weeks in advance and they actually called to confirm the day before :). Upon arrival we told them our names and were seated immediately.  The waiter also was prompt and greeted us by name.  The hurricanes are very yummy and fresh.  The bread could use some work, it's almost brick like.  
For our appetizers we had the shrimp and crab cake. The sauce and the cake were amazing the right amount of spice and kick.  We also had the potato soup.  It was the most amazing thing I've tried in a long time.  Entrees were the Filet Mignon cooked a perfect medium with lump crab stuffed mushroom.  This was by far the best meal I have ever had.  You could tell it was made with love! !! I highly recommend this wonderful establishment to anyone its a must try!!!It took 3 hours for brunch. Drinks took 45 minutes to show up. I had chicken and waffles, a bad try st best. After a bad experience they comped the drinks big deal we just wanted a nice brunch. Save you money and stay away.Amazing experience during their jazz brunch. Bottomless mimosas, great food, and amazing service.Beautiful restaurant. Delicious, but my fish (Caribbean Long Line) was very very salty. But we enjoyed the restaurant in general, and would return. Quite a romantic setting.Amazing dining experience. Flavor and textures were rooted firmly in tradition but also took modern steps of flavor and texture combinations that were immensely successful. First, the bread. They bring you out hot fresh bread and it is the best French bread I have ever had outside of France (lived there for several years). I had the seasonal soup which was a mushroom coliflpur and crab (cream based?) soup and had amazing flavors and a teeny spice kick at the end to make sure you knew you were in NOLA! The crab itself was delicious. Then, for entrée I had the lamb chops with goat cheese mashed potatoes, spicy mint jelly (like, legit spicy) and TOASTED OR BAKED Noisettes with were AMAZING. I was freaking out the entire time I was eating the dish because of how good all the elements were separately and combined. For dessert was lemon tart. The texture of the lemon curd was unlike anything I have ever had - imagine a starburst candy got made into smooth icing. I hate too sweet deserts and this was beautifully balanced. All dishes came out quickly, service was good and I had a memorable meal. Merci beaucoup, c'était merveilleux!Visiting Broussard's feels like going back in time.  The dining room has an upscale, Victorian sort of feel, with white tablecloths, plush chairs and chandeliers.  Set to the backdrop of the roving jazz musicians who toured the dining room playing for each table, I felt like I was transported to another era.  
My friends and I took advantage of the $12 per person unlimited mimosas, which proved to be a great deal -- they kept our glasses full and even gave us a mimosa to go and take around the Quarter with us at the end of our meal. 
I had the barbecue shrimp and grits entree, which was pricey for brunch at $24, but rich, decadent and tasty.  Our favorite thing was the dessert though; we got the peanut butter mousse, which was SO decadent and delicious.  We ate every bite and were super excited about it.
The only real drawback to Broussard's is that it isn't cheap: for sharing a sweet potato biscuit, 3 brunch entrees, mimosas and sharing 1 dessert between 3 people we came in at about $50/pp.  But, I think for the experience and the quality of some of the food, it's worth it.  If you're looking for a uniquely NOLA experience like a jazz brunch, I definitely recommend checking it out!We came here for the Christmas dinner and it was really good. The crab-stuffed drum was the best item on the menu, it came with an orange citrus glaze and an amazing crust. Alongside were garlic string beans which were also excellent. This dish was 5 stars. 
We also got the pork loin which came with a side of the best sweet potatoes I've ever had. The sweet potatoes definitely five stars, but the pork was 4 stars. The pork was a bit overdone and too tough for my taste. My expectation was high for this beautiful restaurant and that's why the 4 stars. The cranberry BBQ glaze was really great. 
For dessert we had the pecan pie and that was fantastic. The chocolate ganache was so-so, the cake part was a bit dry. 
The coffee served after dinner was almost lukewarm, not warm or hot, unfortunately. 
Service was excellent. We had two waiters for our table of two. Plates were never left dirty in front of us for more than two minutes. Great service. 
I was also bummed the beer selection was minimal. I get this is a high class restaurant, and I appreciate the huge wine and whiskey selection, but I prefer beer. 
Overall highly recommended restaurant. My expectation were pretty high and that's why it's 4 and not 5 stars. Everyone says this is top 5 restaurant in NO.My husband and I came for an early Christmas dinner and it was fantastic. The service was excellent and the ambiance was really nice. I had crab-stuffed drum (fish) and my husband had a porkloin with a raspberry BBQ sauce. His came with broiled sweet potatoes and caramelized pecans - OMG - the best sweet potatoes of my life!! I had a delicious crab and lobster bisque that I would highly recommend to anyone. Wonderful experience tonight. Thank you Broussards!Broussards underwent renovations in the last year or two. It is conveniently located within a block of Bourbon Street. However, you wouldn't know it based on how calm and quiet it is inside. The courtyard is spectacular and makes you want a drink even if you really don't want one.
The food has changed -- and for the better. There is a Caribbean Creole feel to the menu ala Cuban Fusion.
The host is wonderful and the service is excellent.
Only drawback? Dessert menu is not very invitingI am so disappointed in my experience at Broussard's. I set up a dinner for my parent's anniversary dinner and asked to apply the first $100 to my bill. My parents returned home and said that the $100 was not applied to the bill, the service was terrible, and that the food was not good. I tried calling and a man said he didn't get my credit card information from the other manager and made it seem like I made it up - just a rude response.We had Sunday brunch here. The posted times on the flier and yelp were incorrect. The opening time on a Sunday is 10:30 am for brunch. Bar is open at 10am. 
The meal was amazing. No a single one of us had a complaint. The $12 bottomless mimosas were worth every penny. They never ended and they were not watered down!  (We actually asked for more juice!!). 
We sat outside in the courtyard and it was a wonderful leisurely time. There was a trio jazz group that roams inside and out to play music too. Just amazing!!We made a reservation for a month in advance for a special occasion and arrived early. We were told multiple times that they were busy and that it would be a bit longer. After 45 minutes of waiting we checked in with the hostess who told us that our table was being prepared and would be ready in 5 minutes. 20 minutes, no sign of the table being ready. Thanks Broussard's for the southern hospitality!In New Orleans for our 25th anniversary and overwhelmed by all the dinner options.  Hubby saw an add while riding the streetcar....and am I so glad he did!
Made reservations online....greeted at the door by name.  Beautiful atmosphere, superb service, and the food was amazing!
Definitely recommend it for that little something special!Brousards was terrible-I am ashamed to call it a New Orleans establishment.  Food and service were some of the worst I have had.Everything you can imagine and more! Right across the street from our hotel, Prince Conti 5+. We had the shrimp and grits & seared pork chop...excellent! Dylan & Troy were FANTASTIC! Bananas foster!My friends and I are extremely disappointed because we were discriminated, stereotype and racially profile by the manager Rebecca. Upon our arrival for our reservation, my friends and I waited for over 20 mins to be seated. There were a lot of tables open and available. They sat us way in the back in a corner because of how we were dressed. Its Mardi Gras! We had color wigs on, sleevless tops, jeans and black leather jackets. Yeah we thought we fit the protocol dresscode for NOLA. There was other parties who was dress similiar to us. They had on color wigs, bright lipsticks. Guessing because they were white they werent told anything. As we sat down 5 mins later 2 of my friends were hot and decide to remove their jackets. Rebecca the manager came over and told them to put their jackets back on. We were confused and we didnt know why. We werent told about a dresscode nor is it listed on their website. All that is listed is no sleeveless shirt for gentlemen and casual dresscode. Well we thought we were casual and fabulous. Not the case at this discriminatory resturant. We heard so much about their review and service. But our experience is left forever with a negative touch that cannot be changed. The staff who were very nice informed us that the reason we were sat in the back was because of how we were dressed. At that point we were shocked and appalled. Other parties complimented us as we complimented them on their look. We didnt know what the problem was. We werent drunk nor loud. My mom is a lawyer and Im very certain my behavior at all time is courtrsy and professional. The resturant was hot and when we ask the waiter why was it so hot. She informed us that she will ask the manager to turn down the heat. When she went to inform the manager, the manager told her that she will turn the ac on so that we kept our jackets on. WHAT? Omg! Yeah why did we stay because my driend was celebrating her birthday and she wanted to celebrated there. As a manager who manage several employees, I as a leader would never make someone feel uncomfortable or feel discriminated or stereotype. Yes we may look like little girls but we all are very well established and have income to match our lifestyles. We are not young we are all adults. In which at no point should anyone of color, hispance and young feel discriminated and told to keep something on. The manager need to be fired. If the restaurant has a dresscode, we shouldve been notified within the 20 minutes and more we waited. Our hotel were up the block we couldve went home and changed or know from jump we had to keep our jackets on. We were hot and miserable all for service we paid for. I strongly believe something need to be done in order to compensate our experiences. This is unacceptable and I will never recommend or eat at this place. I will be sure to let my mother take further action and as well spread the experiences with everyone I know via all social media platforms. Your cooperation is greatly appreciated.Extremely disappointed with this restaurant! We chose this for our Christmas Eve dinner and was looking forward to a nice experience seeing it was just my husband and I and we were away from family on Christmas. We arrived at 7.30pm and from the moment we sat down we felt so rushed it was almost uncomfortable. We had a pushy sommelier who had no clue about the wine list as we asked him if they had Chiantis or Riojas and he said "yes loads" there was only about 4 bottles on the 50 page list. We then ordered our food and within 3 minutes of placing our order the soup was out! We hadn't even had a chance to have a drink and relax for a little bit. After finishing our soup they immediately cleared out plates and within 2 minutes the steak knives were getting placed down. I asked the waiter if we could please have a break in between meals to at least take a breathe and I should have know because our meals came out ice cold. They obviously were getting ready to bring it out and then left it under the not so hot heat lamp! I asked for me meal to be heated up and was told they would replace it...not a chance my medium pink juicy steak was dry and charcoaled black from being re heated! I absolutely hate being rushed especially on Christmas when I wanted to enjoy a nice relaxed meal with my husband! Not worth it, food was meh for the price we paid! Have dined at many amazing Michelin star restaurants and this was mediocre food at best! Some word of advice...don't rush your customers it's not ok!For the money, there is much better food/service in the city. Our waitress was great, but the other waitstaff was less attentive and we were seated long after our reservation time. The food was okay, but nothing worth gawking over. I realize this restaurant is more of a tourist destination, but was hoping it had improved over the last few years. Still, a beautiful venue, and everyone should try it once.If love had a taste, this is how it'd feel. Had mouthfuls of nirvana throughout the 3 course prix fixe ($19) dinner here on Tuesday night. Greeted by a polite staff, promptly seated in the most fancy restaurant I had been in in years. 
Starter: turtle soup was rich and flavorful. Go creole!
Main course: Pan roasted tuna. Was surely an upgrade from all the canned fish I've been eating. It was crispy on the outside and juicy inside. Perfection!
Dessert: Warm banana foster bread pudding with toasted pecans. OMG. Food-gasm!
A glass of rose ($9) didn't disappoint, although they were out of Moscato D'Asti, my first choice
What is a few pounds in the midriff? Live a little!Excellent service and great food! Lionel & Ivory are a dream team, keep up the great work!This was our splurge meal of the trip and none were disappointed. Amazing over the top menu that was delicious. The waiters were amazing and polite. And, they gave me a golden fork on a lanyard that I've now been wearing as a necklace and eating at other restaurants with. The peppermint panna coda (sp?) has been in my dreams!Disappointing. Okay. Very disappointing. The service staff was unprepared, ill trained and in chaos. Every table around us, including ourselves, had some problem. Sometimes it was undercooked food, sometimes wine not delivered and sometimes service put on or pulled off the table because they didn't remember which table was 32 and which was 22.  Food was uninspired and a bit of a slap -- who puts peanut butter mouse on a tasting menu for dessert at a French restaurant! My Mahi Mahi was overcooked and I can't remember the appetizer or salad.  The Amuse Bouche was a hardboiled egg with caviar on top and bit of cured bacon on the side. Really.  Tough to eat and well, pretty pedestrian.   This was to have been our big dinner of the trip. It wasn't. It was just the most expensive. We were so unsettled by the chaos in the dining room that we could hardly wait to leave. The slapping of our dinner plates on our chargers didn't help us feel welcome to linger, either.So, so, so disappointed in my dining experience this past Saturday evening.  After reading reviews on Yelp and other publications online, I expected so much more.
First of all the head waiter seemed annoyed to be there.  I wish I could remember his name.  While he was serving us his cell phone rang during our meal!!!  So rude.  We went 20 minutes at a time without having our wine glasses refilled to the point where my sister had to go to the wine bucket and fill our own wine glasses.  Not service I'm used to at a fine dining establishment.
Second, my cousin and I both had the trio of oysters.  In retrospect we should have sent them back and asked to not be charged for them because they were inedible.  The oysters were served in their shells but cooked and drenched with 3 different garnishes.  The sauces completely overwhelmed the oysters.  I couldn't even tell I was putting oysters in my mouth except for the sand and grit crunching in between my teeth.  Disgusting.
The 3 other people in my party had the Gulf shrimp and the Pompano Pontchartrain.  Apparently those were gritty and sandy and overwhelmed with sauces because no one could finish their meal.
After dining at a local establishment the night before and getting blown out of the water by the service, excellent food and our server's pride in his work, I've learned not to bother with any of these older places in the French Quarter.  They're getting by on name only and have completely let everything go down the drain.  Very sad.This is a must visit when in NOLA.  Amazing food.  Excellent  service.  I would give it more stars if Yelp allowed it.It was a nice night, so my husband and I decided to sit in the courtyard. We waited for 10 minutes (as we watched the waiter rearranging tables and chairs in an empty bar inside) before the waiter greeted us, stating that "since New Orleans is under sea level you might see a rat crawling around outside". We asked for a wine list which he brought promptly then headed back into the bar. We watched him continue to rearrange furniture inside for another 20 minutes before getting up to leave. As we passed him on the way out he stated "Sorry, I got busy with something"...perhaps he should have gone into the interior design business instead. With an abundance of excellent restaurants in New Orleans offering great service, that was our first and last trip to Broussard's.My mom and I had brunch here last Sunday and it was one of the best meals I ever had. First they serve bottomless mimosas for $12. The way they do it is they kept a carafe of orange juice on the table and the waiters fill your cup with cava champagne favorite! And boy do they keep it filled! Every single sip I took, I was topped off. Excellent service! They Dat us in front of the window since it's too cold to sit in the beautiful courtyard. I ordered the carrebean eggs with hollandaise over beans. I tasted beer than it sounds. It also had a brown butter, crystal hot sauce and one other ingredient that I loved on the plate. Mom got the chicken and waffles and the chicken tasted like honey - so good! The 3 piece jazz band was a nice added bonus to make our new Orleans french quarter brunch complete. I will be back!One of the worst meals I've had in New Orleans. It was so terrible I cringe at the fact that I actually paid for the food. Way overpriced too. The only good thing about the restaurant was that it was prettyCourtyard was a great brunch spot and the service was excellent. Waiter leveled table on uneven surface with great professionalism. Food was well prepared, plated and all very tasty. One issue was that a  shrimp still had its shell on and that made for an unexpected bite of my omelette. Cocktail was good, my first try of a Ramos Gin Fizz. I would try this place again for brunch because the courtyard is a very good setting and the service is top notch... Star deducted for problem with entre.Wow. Amazing. Simply one of the best restaurants in NOLA!  Edwina and Megan were very attentive servers, recommending fantastic dishes of bbq shrimp and bouillabaisse!  So flavorful and served HOT! Dessert was the best bananas foster made right at your table. Simply orgasmic in your mouth!Ate here on our first night in New Orleans. The service was super friendly and attentive, very professional yet welcoming. Dining room had beautiful decor. 
On to the food and drink. I had my first ever Sazerac which is a NO invented cocktail. Quite a strange taste and it is bright red. It wasn't really my cup of tea but hey, when in Rome....
Food was a salad with wonderfully fresh avocado followed by a double sized portion of seared scallops that I saw on the appetizer menu. It wasn't a problem to make this switch. Add a couple glasses of Sancerre and it made for a great first meal on our vacation.We were here tonight 10 people the bill alone was   over $ 953 dollars . We complained to who I thought was the manger that we are getting poor service and we did not get the desserts we ordered or the silverware . Horrible service after we complained . Shame on you the food was below average along with the horrible service . The had the nerve to add on a tip of $ 140 . WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN NOR WILL I RECOMMEND TO MY CLIENTS . The banana 's foster tasted like a 5 year old threw it together in a pan with over  over ripe bruised bananas , SHAME ON YOU THE MANAGER I SPOKE TO NEEDS TO BE FIREDFabulous decor and awesome and attentive service. A nice place to enjoy mothers day. I am disappointed they don't enforce the dress code. It was a nice day so we decided to enjoy the courtyard for a moment before taking our seats inside the main dining area. For starters, we ordered the shrimp special and crab cakes. Everyone loved both. The shrimp was small but delicious.  The poor man's po'boy was delicious as well as the chicken and waffles. The chicken and waffles look small at first but it was filling enough but $24 for an egg waffle and two small pieces of chicken LOL. Loved the jazz musicians that come around to each table. The only disappointed was the banana fosters. We ordered one for the table to share but he made four. It wasn't table-side, more like across the-the room-side. Overall, everything was great,food, service, ambiance. I just didn't click with this place and probably won't come back.Loved the Happy hour mussels and fries... The mussels were like butter and for $8 it was a deal. Also have to say they hubby and I discovers our new favorite drink...Pimms Cup...absolutely delish!Food is great! Oysters perfect! Great atmosphere, staff are very professional. I would suggest this to anyone traveling to the Quarter. So many fakes out there, but this isn't one of them.Delicious food and great service. Crab croquette and Pompano were very tasty, and the bananas foster was insanely good. Plus very reasonably priced.Jazz brunch was fantastic! My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary here and the staff went out of their way to make us feel special. The food portions are hearty and the mimosas are continuously flowing. The crab salad was an excellent choice for an appetizer. For entrees, my husband ordered the chicken and waffles, which came with the best potato salad I've ever had in my life. I ordered the raspberry French toast which was delicious. The musicians were an added touch and even took requests. We made a reservation and we were happy we did, because the place filled up fast (we were there for 10:30AM). We will definitely be back to Broussard's!After hearing so many great reviews and considering the fine reputation for this restaurant, I am disappointed by the service; meaning specifically we arrived on time for our 8:30 reservation and were kept waiting at the bar for over an hour! Many excuses and multiple times being told there were a couple people in front of us, we were ultimately seated at 10pm after complaining loudly. Conversely, the waitstaff was attentive and helpful. The food was delicious. But our experience was tainted by our front desk & seating experience. We can pay that amount of money for a delicious meal where we're seated on time, thereby treating us with the respect we deserve.My boyfriend and I came here for Sunday brunch and couldn't stop talking about how great it was. $12 for unlimited mimosas (including one to go on your way out) and a great jazz band that went around taking requests. The food may be a little more expensive than an every day brunch spot but it's completely worth it, so much flavor and perfectly balanced. Can't recommend this place enough!Most elegant and genteel dining in town.  Devan the bartender is a jewel-crafted cocktails at their finestPlease note, we were only a table for two. The service was not great. Drinks would take for ever to come. The waiters seemed lost. The latte was just a regular coffee with cream.  I also ordered a second coffee that took for ever to come. Then later on they offered a refill that eventually never came, etc. You get the picture.
The food was good but nothing special.
I have lived in NOLA for 13 years and have had amazing food. The restaurants in this town are fantastic. I don't mind a large bill. But the quality of service was not worth $150.Awesome brunch.  I had the steak and eggs and they were to die for!  The jazz band added a nice touch to the meal.  They took requests and rotated around the dining room.  Courtyard seating was also available, but a lot of the seats were right in the sun.  Service was really good, and they always had the champagne flowing... They even gave us a to-go cup to take a glass for the road!  I highly recommend this restaurant!Excellent live music, service, food, and mimosas ;-)
The ambiance was so beautiful. We make sure to come to Broussard's every time we're in town!We stopped by for Christmas Day brunch, and we ended up sitting at the bar since there were no spots available in the dining room (in spite of there being plenty of open tables by the time we left). We split the both the chicken and waffles dish and the shrimp and crab croquette as entrees, which took an exceedingly long time to arrive due to apparently some issue with their fryer. The dishes were both decent, but the extremely slowness sort of dampened the mood (although the bar staff kindly comped our coffee/drinks for the situation). It's probably a decent place for a meal in less extenuating circumstances, also with a proper table.My family has been going to Broussard's for 3 generations now, if that tells you anything.  Every time I've been, the food has always been good and the service has been excellent.
As for the food, it's a mixture between French and Cajun / Creole.  I'm only in New Orleans every few years, and it seems like the menu changes just as frequently.
During my most recent visit, I found that the appetizers were far more tasty than the entrees.  I got Foie Gras as an appetizer and it was heavenly.  Then I got a Shrimp & Fennel dish as my main.  It was tasty, but there was just far too much breading on shrimp.  For dessert, we had Bananas Fosters done table side, which is always delicious and fun.  
Since we had mentioned it was my parent's anniversary, and the 3rd generation of family visiting, they actually cut us a deal on check, and even brought out and extra dessert for us, which was really kind for them to do.I went to Broussard's last night with a wedding party of 6. I'm from New Orleans and had never been there so I didn't know what to expect.  Well, it was a wonderful experience, the food was fantastic and so was the service.  The staff was very attentive and helpful.  I will be looking forward to dining there again.Broussard's has an amazing Sunday Brunch. 
It is the quintessential New Orleans brunch experience. 
3 piece jazz band, great food, and bottomless mimosas. 
We had the steak and eggs, the pork loin, the eggs Benedict, and the stuffed French toast. 
All were pretty good. The servers were all very polite. 
The only real complaint was the service was a tad bit on the slow side. It took 15-20 minutes to finally get served. We ordered the French toast as a dessert, but it came out 30 minutes after we were done eating. We ordered it the same time as the rest.  The restaurant is also very loud. 
Other than that, it was a great experience.  We will be back.This is in the top running of one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. Not only does the ambiance and service make you feel like you're in a five-star restaurant but the food is delicious!
They have a $19.20 3-course prix fixe meal running until the fall. You get three courses for under $20. They also have $19.20 bottles of wine. My friends and I got a bottle of rosé.
As for the meal I got the Broussard's Caesar, moules frites and the vanilla bean crème brûlée. Everything was seasoned to perfection and delicious. For $19.20 you can't go wrong!!!I went for the Jazz Brunch on my Birthday the shrimp and crab Benedict was the most delicious brunch meal I have ever had in my life . The very best ever!! The Rose champagne was fresh and flowing, the waiter and all of the staff deserve a standing ovation!! This restaurant is classy all the way down to the tissue in the ladies room lolWe went for dinner last night and the food was amazing. Ambience was a little off putting when you walked in with no reservation and many many tables open- it was a Monday after all. Once seated service was perfect. But did I say the food was amazing? It was!!.We went there to celebrate a birthday. First they didn't have our reservation but "fit us in" The restaurant was only 2/3rds full. It took a long time to bring our first coarse and long waits between each of the next. The food was ok at best and the attendance of the waiter was less. At the end there was no mention of the birthday or a offer of a dessert. So disappointingWe went for Sunday brunch and it was wonderful! I highly recommend this restaurant. The place is beautiful and the bottomless mimosas were a great deal!My friends and I stumbled into this spot on accident. They explained that they were offering a buffet for 40$ per person. I usually don't like buffet but We decided to give it a try. 
When the hostess walked us to the courtyard we were floored. Stunning!!!! She showed us the buffet and we were All In! But it didn't stop there. Our waitress was super fun, polite, and nice. Explained the history of the restaurant and our drinks were top knotch! 
I would highly recommend this place. It's in The French Quarter but not loud as the Quarter.Excellent brunch with mimosas! It was a good date spot and I was very pleased with the quality of both service & food.Nice looking restaurant and decent serve but Very mediocre and nearly bad food.  Nothing sophisticated or interesting about it.  Good was unattracively plated.  Spinach salad came with a clump of dressing sidesVery disappointed. Service was terrible. Our entrees were not served until one hour and forty five minutes after we were seated. The waitress said the kitchen was "slammed" but we were one of only two parties in the courtyard. 
We felt we were given poor service because we ordered from the 1920 menu which is a three course meal at a reduced price. All that was left when we finally got to desert was chocolate ice cream and mango sorbet, none of the delicious deserts listed were available. We wish we hadn't stayed and wasted over two hours in New Orleans on a mediocre meal served by a condescending waitress.My husband and I planned a New Orleans trip for our anniversary and decided to celebrate with the Jazz brunch on Sunday. I made a reservation a few days before and even received a call the day before confirming this reservation-super easy.
My husband and I tried to dress nicely (I would recommend this since those dressed casually looked very out of place). The place itself is very pretty and seeing a table with women in work out gear killed the vibe a bit.
The food was soooo good! I started with the turtle soup and had the steak and eggs as an entree (seriously delicious). My husband and I also got the bottomless mimosas! They kept them coming :)
A jazz band goes around to each table and will play something per your request. I asked for "something romantic" and they did not fail. They played a French song that sounded beautiful. 
Overall great experience and big thanks to our waiter Brian! He was awesome!I visited Broussard's for brunch on Sunday in a party of 10 and had a great time. I enjoyed listening to live music and their excellent BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS service for $12. My glass was never empty.
I tried the quiche and it was mediocre at best.
The quaint atmosphere and French-turn of the century decor were completely ruined by the checkout process. The staff refused to split the check and made it a dreadful checkout process.
With numerous options for brunch in NOLA, I wouldn't recommend Broussard's...Best brunch spot in the city. Hands down. Jupiter is the man by the way, request him.We had a bottomless mimosa jazz brunch at Broussard's on our vacation and it was delicious. The jazz was great, they band came over to our table and serenaded us with their beautiful music. It was definitely a super fun experience! We even got a mimosa to go! 
We ordered the Napoleon Benedict (no canadian bacon, add blue crab), Shrimp & Crab Benedict, Crab and Shrimp Omelet Mornay, Stone Ground Grits and Sweet Potato Biscuit with Andouille Gravy. Everything was delicious. The service was lovely and we were sitting near the outdoor patio so we got some great fresh air and a breeze.Went to broussards tonight for Christmas dinner. We had bad-mediocre service. Our waitress did not promptly take our orders or bring our drinks at a decent time. The food was sub par for spending close to 100 dollars a person. I have travelled to many cities and countries, I have not spent this much money at a restaurant and had this kind of mediocre service and OKAY food. Oh well, won't be coming back.I think the four star rating that Broussards had on yelp is totally appropriate.  Elegant place and ambiance.  We went for the Sunday brunch when they had jazz music playing.  There could have been more attention to detail... Bathrooms etc.I am so sorry to be the one to tell everyone that Broussard's is dead .the service is terrible the servers are not trained well -the food is absolutely horrible .the ambience is the only thing that still is there .we were really looking forward to going to Broussard's -the last time I had been there was the early 90s but it's no longer a grand place -goodbye Brousards ,I have all the good memories of you but no more.Besides being completely haunted, the food was delicious. Basically, you see people that aren't really there, the staff are all ghosts, and there are shape shifting rats running about. The energy is palpable. If you want to wine and dine with a spooky staff and wait hours to be seated and fed, it's perfect. Shoutout to Peter for entertaining us the entire night, he was wonderful. Shoutout to Jeff the manager, you scared us. And shoutout to the rat man, you shapeshifting sommelier, you. You know who you are. Oh, and don't forget to order the shrimp and grits.We loved it here so much that we came back a second time during our one week vacation (no other restaurant got visited twice).  The first time we went was for the jazz brunch... Having a live quartet play was really special, the food was delicious, but most of all the service was the absolute best.  Every single person there was so kind and attentive.  It is very old fashioned in terms of service quality with crisp white table clothes, the servers refold your napkin when you stand up, etc.  We came again for my birthday dinner and again, it did not disappoint.  They had an incredibly affordable summer pre fixe menu- much much cheaper than restaurants of similar caliber.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but the food far exceeded my expectations.  And the service again, was so good.  Our waitress remembered us from six days prior, they were very accommodating of and kind to our daughter, and they brought out an extra dessert with candle for my birthday.  We ordered two local cocktails- both delicious.  The restaurant is beautiful- the seating in the back is especially beautiful with red brick arches overlooking the courtyard (inside of which also a beautiful place to sit).  The food is traditional but done really well.  For example, I got the moules frites, which is a pretty common dish, but it had fennel spears cooked in that were delicious, the sauce was amazing, the fries extra tasty.  It is hard to come across the trifecta of affordable (for such a fancy restaurant), delicious AND amazing service.  This place exceeds the mark.  I'm only sad that we don't live here so can't continue to reward such great food and service with our repeated patronage.  Next time we visit New Orleans however, we will be sure to return!Oh my goodness! This restaurant will make you want to move to NOLA! It is in a great location and has a beautiful interior as well as exterior. We came in for brunch on Friday and there was no wait. We were greeted and seated right away. Our waitress Ariella (sp) was awesome as well.
The hostess let us chose our own seat (we wanted to sit outside but didn't want to be in the sun). Soon as we sat down, we ordered the bottomless mimosas and were provided with our waters. We ordered, and although it took 45mins it was worth every minute. I did the shrimp omelet and omg. I never knew seafood could go into an omelet until eating here! They had some type of sauce on there too, I think it was a lobster sauce. Regardless... I was in a happy place and was happy up until my last bite. This is a place I would definitely recommend to someone who was coming to NOLA and wanted to experience some great southern seafood.Came here for a bachelorette brunch last week. Super cute layout, very old school vibe - white table clothes, staff dressed in the same vest uniform. The girls got the bottomless mimosa brunch and I know we're a little frustrated at how many times they had to the prompt the staff to refill (though the staff was very friendly when engaging with us ; as such a large group I'm sure that was overwhelming). I got the Bloody Mary which was very strong and superrrr spicy so beware! 
The food took a longggg time to come out. Mine was warm vs hot which isn't awesome when you order a steak and eggs. The chicken biscuit appetizer was delicious though! Crunchy, right amount of heat, and a refreshing honey pickled relish. The potato gratin I ordered was undercooked. I sent it back and they brought another (after I had finished my meal) that was also undercooked so I gave up at that point. 
The Jazz was sprinkled in here and there but I would've enjoyed a steady flow of music more. The bad was super friendly and sweet, we were humbled by their personal performance for the bride.
All in all an ok experience.Great meal! I highly recommend the crab cakes. We had the crab cakes (yummy!), the gumbo, the barbecued shrimp, and the green beans. All excellent. I love a restaurant that knows how to cook vegetables, the green beans were perfect.They have a bait and switch. They have a 3 course fix price brunch menu online but when you get there they don't. Everything was a la carte. They said the internet was out of date. Also mimosas had the cheapest rock gut cava. I'm not a tourist. I didn't appreciate the dupe.the food is good but over dinner I saw two cockroaches between the tables and warned the manager and he was rudeWe ate a Broussard's for our last meal in New Orleans and I'm so glad we did.  I wanted to find a Sunday brunch and a lot of the other traditional Sunday brunch/historic places were booked.  In a way, we were lucky: it wasn't so crowded that it felt much more relaxed.  The service was lovely and the food was tasty traditional New Orleans food without feeling too greasy or heavy.  I had the shrimp and grits and the shrimp were perfectly cooked.  My husband had the Rich Man's Po-Boy and he really enjoyed it.  There was a live three piece Jazz band with a banjo, upright bass, and clarinet, who played holiday songs and added a liveliness without being so loud you couldn't hear anything.  There was also a Santa Claus if people wanted to take photos with him.  Plus you get to keep your souvenir champagne flutes!  There were quite a few large groups who looked to be having a great time, and the decor is traditional yet not stuffy.  They have a lovely courtyard but it was raining so that wasn't open.  I would definitely go there again and get the turtle soup again!Extremely disappointing overall. Took 10 minutes to be seated as if they were doing us a favor. Sat outside where it took 3 tries to get us a heater and the waitress walked by us 6 times before taking our order after flagging her down. Rats (4 at one time) were running around outside and the whole wait staff knew as if it was funny. Then they had the audacity to add mandatory gratuity of 20% on a very okay meal and service??!? Not sure I'll ever come back and won't recommend to anyone I know. New Orleans is full of MUCH better restaurants and they need to up their game bc they'll get wiped out quick with that kind of shenanigans going on!Yikes! Have been so excited to try this New Orleans staple for a long time and it was hands down one of the worst meals of my life. I'm not sure if it was a very off night or a fridge broke down, but everything tasted spoiled of very over cooked. I needed a knife to cut through my fish!!!Absolutely what we needed after a long Saturday evening eploring Bourbon street. This place is delicious and the ambiance top notch. It was relaxing, and the food great. My friend and I decided to walk by because of all the great reviews. We were looking for a nice Sunday Brunch with a courtyard or balcony. We did not have a reservation and the hostess was super nice and fit us in and in the courtyard too. Bottomless mimosas that were tons better than the $19 ones down the street. Live jazz music and steak and eggs which were so so good. My friend had the crab benedict also delicious. We made a few off menu requests- oysters, latte and our waiter was more than happy to get them for us. THis is definitely a must go.Wonderful old New Orleans vibe.  Everything was great except for the truffle chicken fricasse which okay.  Bananas foster are prepared armed tableside and were delicious.  I would go back but get a different entree.Broussard's offers the quintessential example of a proper New Orleans brunch. Elegant and fun, with divine food and fantastic service.Went during special 19.20 menu. Service was excellent.  Peter was the best!  Dining room was beautiful old-school New Orleans experience.Outstanding food and service. Adam, Chris and Bryant were wonderful and treated us with the utmost respect and provided incredible service. 
You guys Rock New Orleans!
Don E. (Fort Worth, Tx)
P.S.  the food was wonderful. DEFINITE MUST WHEN VISITING NEW ORLEANS.Oh Broussard's... where to begin? I recently took a group of friends visiting me from out of town. Half of them have dined in New Orleans, the others have never set foot here. I wanted a "classic creole experience" and had always wanted to try this legendary establishment. Boy did the place live up to the credentials from which it is given. Once you walk into the restaurant you immediately feel time warped to 50 years ago. Classic, white tablecloth dining, with the waiters/servers in uniforms. I would be willing to bet it looked the exact same way in 1920 (when it first opened). I immediately asked if we could sit in their beautiful courtyard which, unfortunately was being rented out for a wedding, so, maybe next time. 
We arrived early and had time for some pre dinner libations at the bar. I had probably the best white russian of my life, the others settled with old fashions. We were all blown away at how good they were. The bartender was an older gentleman, with the wit and sarcasm you would assume from such an established cocktail craftsman. He was quick and had no problem seating six 30 year olds at his bar. A+ to him.
Next we were seated for dinner in a packed dining room full of suits and dresses. We had button downs on and jeans, but, no one seemed to mind. Our waiter (cannot remember his name) was absolutely spot on the entire night. We shared two bottles of french wine and appetizers such as oysters Rockefeller and pork belly. Both phenomenal. For our mains, we had lamb, fish almandine, drum, and a seafood pasta. Everyone tried each others until there was not a single bit left.  Again, phenomenally prepared and seasoned. Lastly we had to go with the tableside open flame banana foster which is a staple there. For such an easy to make dish, they make it better there, trust me. The bill was around $120 each person, with drinks but worth every penny. 
Definitely will be back and hopefully sit in the courtyard. HIGHLY RECOMMEND for a true New Orleans style dinner if you're in the area. 
RiklesCame for the reveillon menu in December and was very impressed! Flawless service, great atmosphere, and some of the best black drum I've ever had.This place is bomb.com, their brunch menu and bottomless mimosas were amazing. Definitely try the burger and don't miss the crab sides and we also did try the special of the day. The staff here, absolute sweethearts! We sat closer to the bar and it felt very private  will definitely come back and visit!Amazing brunch! Bottomless mimosas for $12. My friends got the creole spinach salad and added the fried oysters, and the lump crab salad. I got the mango sorbet. Everything was delicious. The bread that came out was so fresh and soft with a crispy crust. We wanted to buy one to go. The courtyard outside was beautiful and our server and waiter were very attentive. Five star service!We had the duck and it was pure heaven. Super tender, full of flavor, and perfectly seasoned. We also have the bread pudding and MAN it was sinfully wonderful. Topped it off a refreshing lemony cocktail. Best cocktail ever...and I don't drink! Can't remember the name of it, but attached is a picture of it. Lastly, a really funny table of guests sent over a bananas foster a la mode. OMG I thought I'd hate it because it'd be too sweet, but it was just slightly sweet, but guilty with butter! Mmmmmm
Extra thanks our servers Lionel and Arianne. They were super friendly and funny!A highlight of my trip to NO was definitely the Imperial Pimm's Cup here. Happy hour menu (maybe it was only for August?) included these delights for $3 and $3 mussels with fancy truffle oil French fries, which I didn't get to try but wish I had.
Has a beautiful courtyard, helpful & knowledgeable bartenders, overall a lovely and classy establishment and I would totally recommend it to anyone!We expected a delightful meal and got a disgraceful mess. We were seated in the courtyard and waited a good 15 minutes while still not a single person approached us to give us a menu, greet us, or take a drink order. My husband had to get up and search inside to find a server to help us out. When we finally ordered I mentioned my food allergy (bell peppers) and was assured there were none on the house salad. Bang, salad arrived filled with red bell peppers! Apparently the (quote from server ) "chef got frisky tonight and decided to add them." When my new and improved salad arrived it was loaded with raw garlic. When I asked the server why it didn't mention this on the menu he said " there is a lot not listed on the menu." My husband's shrimp should have been titled "batter, with a little shrimp included." My sand dabs were better but also featured enough butter for 20 men. The cost was over the top and we left feeling very ripped off. How is this place I'm business all this time ? Maybe everyone tries it once ? We sure learned our lesson!I love brunch here! So many great things to eat and drink! But come on guys. Why did you take the sweet potato biscuit off the menu? Isn't this the south? We love biscuits. And your sweet potato chicken biscuit rocked! So for those of us that don't do seafood BRING IT BACK! Waffles? Where are they from? This ain't Belgium. We want biscuits!We want biscuits!Excellent food and excellent ambiance.  Had dinner here with my girlfriend, who has quite a discerning taste...well, she picked me to date!  Anyhow, the barbecue shrimp is heavenly...fresh with great taste...best I've ever had!  The fish of the day, Amberjack, was extremely tasty and not gamy at all.  I can't wait to have their desert...as I was so impressed with the food and service that I had to write this review before having a chance to try their desert!Been coming to this amazing and enjoyable dining experience since 1969. Always a delight to bring friends to share in a bon appetite!Love love! I went here for brunch with might I add does I have bottomless mimosas or rose!  I went here on a Friday and Saturday. Friday I tried the chicken and waffles which was delicious! I got the sauce it come with on the side but after having it i would have just left it as is because it was really good. Saturday I tried the shrimp and grits, I was not a huge fan of this menus item because I actually prefer my grits a little more on the creamer side but it was good. Also the staff is super friendly. On Friday we were actually given a tour of the restaurant. Will definitely visit again the next time I am in New Orleans!We went on Christmas Eve, and while the food was delicious the service was lacking. Our waiter was extremely rude, he blatantly rolled his eyes when we asked questions about the menu and huffed and tapped his foot. When he poured my wine he spilled almost half of it on the table and when I pointed it out he just walked away. He completely ignored us the rest of the evening, and the floor captain (who was very kind, however obviously spread thin that night) brought us our check. We felt rushed and unwelcome, and will not be visiting again.Omg!!! We booked our wedding for Broussards. Caroline in the catering has been phenomenal. We just did our tasting and the food is as good as any we've had in the Quarter (August, Cochon... Yes we eat at the best restaurants!) the service has been impeccable. Paul the bartender makes a mean cocktail. The courtyard is more beautiful in person than photos. We cannot wait to come here for our wedding, but based on the tasting and service so far it will be amazing!This is my new spot when I want to get a good brunch and dinning experience with A+ Customer Service! The crab and shrimp Benedict is amazing. Our server Lionel treated us like family and never allowed our glass to be empty. Lionel brought that WOW experience to life that I will never forget. Ask for him, he will not disappoint!So excited to have our Christmas Day Brunch at Broussards.  We were given a limited lunch menu with no brunch items at all. Disappointing. Our team of two waiters had a lack of communication with each other.  Constantly interrupting asking the same questions. We would give one our order and the other would come and ask the exact same thing. This happened the entire meal. Bar service very slow.
Beautiful setting, bout would not return, many other options in New Orleans.We decided on Broussard's for our 16th wedding anniversary.  I made the reservation on-line (without a hitch - easy as it gets), and was called by the establishment to confirm.  They called me again to confirm that day so everything would be perfect.
I told them we had theater tickets for later, and were on a time constraint.  No Problem.
They greeted us at the door by name, welcomed us and wished us a Happy Anniversary.  The table was ready, as was complimentary Champagne.  The chef had prepared a few little yummies for us to relax into while the staff covered the menu and specials.
The food was fantastic.  Foie Gras, Stuffed Rack of Lamb (Which I highly recommend), Scallops prepared to the highest of standards, crab cakes, and the souffle...OK, the souffle was insane;  Half Grand Marnier, Half Chocolate, Completely Decadent.  Must be shared.
We had the Sommelier choose our wine, and Broussard's reputation in that regard is easily earned..  Three price choices.  We took the middle ground at his recommendation, and even my wife, who is not a big wine aficionado was very pleased - I was ecstatic, and gladly finished the bottle.
To say the experience was perfect is an understatement.  I see from some other reviews that  some people had wait staff issues, but let me assure you, we were positively doted upon.  Everyone came by to offer us congratulations, and tell their little anecdotes.  Everyone called us by name.  Everyone was smiles and standards.  We easily made the theater (The Book of Mormon - if you ever get the chance - great show).
The only complaint I may have is that I was looking forward to sampling the supposedly famous Broussard's Whiskey Old Fashion, but instead the manager offered us Champagne for our special day, so...darn, free champagne.  Oh well, guess I'll have to go back for that Whiskey Bar.
In closing, and not even the staff knew this, but my wife and I are both seasoned veterans of the food and beverage business with decades of fine dining experience between us, both in the kitchen and on the floor.  I don't know what anyone else is complaining about, but our evening was, by the highest of standards, as good as it gets. This dinner rivaled anything I ever had in New York. Maybe it was early, maybe it was slow that night, but for my opinion, it was perfection.  I wouldn't have changed a thing.
Thank you for a great anniversary.Four of us visited the bar only during the day, was thinking we may be underdressed, staff in the bar was great, said dress was no problem at the bar. Rachel and Devan were great, had happy hour prices on appetizers that were really good. Drinks, food, and staff were all outstanding.Great experience. New chef so new reviews. They have a happy hour with 95cent options so you can sample everything. Absinthe happy hour menu, not my favorite beverage but it was great to try for a good price. Our waitress, Neela, was so sweet and efficient. Sat in the quiet courtyard.Had an amazing Christmas dinner at Broussard's. The decor was elegant and impeccable, and the service was extremely knowledgable and friendly. Their holiday menu offered a selection of first course, main course and dessert. For my first course, I had the salad. This was no ordinary salad! It was an amazing assortment of arugula, cucumber slaw, and avocado salsa, with some kind of dressing that kicked the salad into the "special" category. I also tasted my husband's seafood bisque, which was delicious. For my main course, I struggled terribly trying to decide between the crab stuffed drum and the tenderloin. I ended up ordering the fish, which was a generous size and quite tasty. It was breaded, and served with green beans and some type of wonderful, creamy sauce.  I also got to taste the tenderloin--I don't remember what, exactly it came with, but it was rich and delicious and melted in my mouth! For dessert, I ordered the pecan pie, which was tasty, and just the right size. I very much enjoyed my meal, as well as the whole experience at Broussards. I very much look forward to eating there again!Let me preface this by saying we came here for Happy Hour, not for a full meal so perhaps that experience would be very different. We picked Broussard's on the recommendation of a local bartender who said their patio was great - unfortunately they had an event that evening so the patio was closed... the first of many disappointments. We grabbed a table inside as we were meeting friends, otherwise we may have tried somewhere else.
We waited for 10 minutes with no service so I went up to the bar to ask (very politely) if there was table service or if we should order at the bar - the bartender wasn't helpful at all, and after several more minutes we did see a waitress. We ordered mussels and two Pimm's Cups, as well as a couple of waters. Our drinks took a long time to arrive, and were only so-so when we did get them... the mussels were really not good, unfortunately. The service continued to be disappointing and we didn't receive our water until we got the bill.
I imagine Broussard's is great when you can get on the patio, or perhaps when you eat in the dining room but I would definitely not return for happy hour.The place is beautiful. The service was good however it was lacking in the warmth that we always get in NOLA. The food was really good.We were a destination couple having both our ceremony and reception in the courtyard at Broussard's.  Throughout the entire process, Caroline was a dream to work with.  She was professional, nice and prompt (despite going through major renovations and being long-distance)and she made us feel completely at ease the entire way.  Her assistant Christina is also lovely and wonderful to work with.  
From the taste testing to the rehearsal to the day-of, Caroline, Christina and the entire crew at Broussard's made us feel like the most important people in the place.  Every single guest who came couldn't stop talking about how gorgeous the restaurant is, the courtyard in particular and also how wonderful all of the food and drinks were.  We even had a beignet bar and bananas foster flambe station which everyone loved.  The chef was kind enough to honor the menu we had chosen prior to him being hired and it was sensational (and so are all of the current dishes on their menu!) People said it was one of the most beautiful weddings they had ever been too - and we hardly decorated at all!  
We can't say enough good things about this place and the people who work here.  Thank you all so much for making our wedding day so special!I would rate our visit 6 stars. Service, ambience and food were outstanding. This was my husband and my last night in NOLA and it capped our time here perfectly.  Jeff the manager has a great service team including Lionel and Ariel among others. Fabulous experience overall.Very disappointed. The staff was friendly but not professional enough for this caliber of restaurant. There was a bus boy that was moving around tables and banged into my chair no less then 4 separate occasions.  The food was very disappointing. They brought me the wrong dish and then my husband ate his entire meal before my dish was brought out.  my duck breast was rare (almost completely raw) not even seared off instead of medium rare and was cut very unevenly and the breast itself had a strange texture. I ordered herbal tea with desert and the server rushed out with it after were were finished and threw two crumpled caffeinated tea bags on the table stating that was all she could find. The entire experience was such a let down especially compared to other dinners we had in the French quarter. Feel like I wasted a dinner I could have enjoyed somewhere else.A beautiful experience. Superb wait staff. Friendly bartender. The outside patio is one of the most charming places to sit in the French Quarter. I've sampled a wide variety of the menu--it does not disappoint! Go to New Orleans. Stay for the food. Do not miss Broussard's!We ate dinner in the bar - several shared appetizers were all delicious. I had the black drum for my entree and the crust was excellent - very delicious meal. Others ordered the pork loin and said it was very good. Too full for dessert. Weather permitting I would try to sit in the courtyard - very nice setting. Service was excellent.4/5 mirror mirror on the wall
i hadn't been to the old one, but with all the changes (whatever they may have been), this place looks great. i wouldn't have imagined that it went into a sizable courtyard, or that there was that tree trellis thing, or that room on the stable side (i think that's what it was?) that had the mirrors that kept tripping me up. anyways, it's a good looking spot. 
as for food - i was only able to try to sample a few things, but that white crab and corn bisque. oh my. i was expecting something much lesser due to other poor experiences, but this one was, velvety, and had just the right balance of crab, cream, and corn. i just kept scooping it up spoonful after spoonful and would be happy having a dinner of a giant bowl of that alone.
will be coming back!My wife and I are visiting from Vegas and we had brunch here earlier and it was amazing! Service was excellent and the food was absolutely delicious. The best chicken and waffles I've ever had and my wife ordered the shrimp and grits and that was delicious as well. 
The coffee was tasty and my wife had bottomless mimosas for $12 which isn't bad at all. 
The ambiance was beautiful. Live jazz band playing and the decor was elegant. I would totally recommend. We hope to come back for the banana foster dessert. 
Try this place!   Can't go wrong.Absolutely perfect group dinner spot with the taste of New Orleans. Started with an open bar and passing variety of hors d'oeuvres generously offered by the staff on a picturesque big easy patio. Dinner served in a long adjacent dining room with windows facing the courtyard. Perfect setting. Delicious dinner started with a citrus avocado salad that was fresh and tasty. Next came Filet Mignon Dauphine with Yukon gold mashed potatoes and mushroom demi-glacé along with grilled long line fish. Finished with a Bananas Fosters Cheesecake. Delicious!I would never come back here again. Oh wait, I didn't even get a chance to since our party of fifteen waited two hours to not be seated. We had a reservation and were told our table would be ready in five minutes upon arrival. This place is an absolute joke - running a clown show. 
Dr JuiceFood and service are impeccable.  As stated in previous reviews stop by the bar and have Paul make your drinks, skip the usual and tell him what you normally drink and let him work his magic.  The lamb is by far the best dish.Had the worst experience ever. Food took over an hour to get COLD food and I mean cold food. We had a girls trip in town. Changed our reservation at the last minute from Court of Two Sisters to Broussard's. What a mistake. Had to darn near beg to get the appetizers. As the event planner for this trip I had to get up over 8 times to speak with the manager. The last conversation before the food came out was to please be sure the food is hot when It comes out. I begged him to make sure the food was hot. When the food came, 8 out of 9 plates were cold. The one that wasn't - the Waffle -  was burnt. I was embarrassed for them. I asked my group to leave and get food elsewhere. One person just asked for them to heat up her pork chop which they did but that made it tough. They never brought a sharp knife to cut it with. I finally had to ask someone that wasn't even servicing the table to bring one (he earned a tip). She was already half done after struggling w a butter knife.  What a disaster. Never again.Absolutely delicious!! Our waitress was very attentive and kept filling our water AND bottomless mimosas. And for $12 you can't beat the bottomless mimosa offer. They constantly refill your glass with champagne and bring a glass of orange juice to the table to be added to your drink. The food came out relatively quickly for a busy Sunday and was warm and delicious. And the atmosphere is gorgeous. They even had a live band which went table to table and asked if they could play for you. Will definitely be returning!!Outstanding food, great service. $.95 drink special and $19.50 three course dinner that was excellent!  A truly wonderful experience in the middle of the French Quarter. Highly recommend.AMAZING TASTE, PLATES & DRINK! 
The staff was friendly, courteous and welcoming. We sat on the courtyard, it has a nice ambiance. We started with the Candied Porn Belly & Creme Fraiche then The Creme Asparagus with Crab Meat and our entree was the BBQ Shrimp & Grits. AMAZING. This is our favorite restaurant in NOLAIf you can, sit in the court yard for the Jazz brunch on Sundays. Think exposed brick, green vines, beautiful flowers, and live music. My friend had the pain perdu which she raved about.I started with the oysters rockefeller - they were out of this world and then had a salad with lump crab that was nothing special. This place has a great old fashioned feel and a special brunch menu. Opt in for the pitchers of mimosas and enjoy the music!The service was incredible. The food was as good as you'll find anywhere. 
Serving portions were tiny but the quality of the food makes up for it. 
Don't skip this place !!98 years old and full of old world charm!
My boyfriend and I came here twice this past weekend. We never dined at the restaurant but had drinks at the bar.
One of the oldest establishments and one of the most charming we've seen in New Orleans. Extremely well-run and the young waiters were friendly, well trained and adorable.
The person who deserves the most credit is John, the Maître D, called 'Old School' by his devoted and loving colleagues. He is a man full of knowledge and oversees everything with care and love. He is a connoisseur of old movies and we talked a lot about 1950's & 60's films of Elizabeth Taylor, to whom he is a huge fan.
Thank you John for giving us a beautiful memory at Broussard's. We will miss you deeply and we will look forward to seeing you again.Loved this place.  One of us showed up without a collard shirt. Another one of us brought a shirt for the offending collarless fella, and everyone was completely cool about the whole thing.  We had a fabulous
 meal in this place.  Fantastic staff from the host/hostess to the bar tender who found us a cab on a dreadful rainy night.  This is what makes Nola special. I will definitely add this to my rotation of must visits when I am in town.We are bedazzled and beautifully smitten with the Broussard chef! The very fine gentlemen who cared for us in the dining room were just perfection. The charcuterie plate we shared was delicious. The stuffed lamb with crab and bleu cheese Brussels sprouts ...an unusual, earthy moist rich combination just oozed with taste complementing a Chateneuf du PApe red. Try the Liberator made by expert mixologist barkeep who invented it. Start with that and move to the dining room afterward. We did try the file gumbo just to taste the real deal ....and it was,!,Great place in French Quarter! We came for happy hour and sat at the bar. They have great drink specials and food options. When we came there was another event going on (a wedding) so everyone was busy helping with that and it was hard to get attention at the bar. However, once we got our orders placed the service was great! When you get there just tell the bartenders what you like and they work their magic to make you drinks that are out of this world! I've never seen a bartender who knew so much about different and unique drinks. The food was great too but the drinks are a must try. You'll have a great time and the atmosphere of the place is great too. Best bang for your buck if you go during happy hour!We had brunch Mother's Day reservations and expected music but our time slot apparently was a late one for music. Service was not good and food was average. Unfortunately our group was disappointed. Ambiance was pleasant.We went for brunch and it was AMAZING!!   Usually I judge a restaurant by its food and ambiance is a distant second for me but this review is five stars for both.  They had a live band who really engaged the guests and they really created a Christmas brunch family setting.  Now to the food.  We ordered the amazing shrimp and crab egg Benedict and it was so DELICIOUS.  We also had the crab gratinee with the bottomless mimosas.  We finished off with the banana foster, which is prepared table side with much drama.  Lots of fun.  I will be back.  Everything we ordered was amazing.I came here for Valentine's day dinner and am so happy I did. The service was warm and friendly, and the food rivals that of any other NOLA upper-echelon restaurant.
I also appreciated the decor; the atmosphere is both elegant and familiar. There is a beautiful courtyard which would be perfect during those cooler fall months. 
I see that most reviews are for their brunch, but rest assured: their dinner is exceptional as well.We had our wedding reception in this beautiful restarant 8 years ago, we went back to celebrate our anniversary. We were there early enough to catch happy hour, the beautiful bar area overlooking the courtyard was packed, service was great and drinks were lovely. The dining room was unite and elegant. We would have loved to sit in the Courtyard, but there were lots of smokers. We found the menu limited Iwe both had the turtle soup, very good. Exceptional pate. The staff was over the top accommodating and so enjoyable to visit with. We will visit anytime we find ourselves in the QuarterGreat food outstanding service. Relaxing atmosphere in a very tastefully decorated space. Rachel, Angelique, and Ceecee made our dining experience exceptional.Best brunch by far. Chicken and waffles is unbelievable. I ordered Napoleon Benedict this time and was amazed. They make you feel so welcomed and appreciated. Staff is incredible, location is perfect, and decorated flawlessly. I would recommend this to everyone. Completely perfect morning!Went here for my wife's birthday dinner! This is a very nice upscale place! The service was great and drinks were good! But our main course took way to long to come out. I would say it took an hour maybe a little over before it all came out for us to eat. Maybe because we did have a large group? I will still give this place another try next time I'm in town. Hopefully the food would come out faster next time!Ate here for jazz brunch post wedding. It was so fun! 
Food was great, but I felt portions were a tiny bit small for the price. However,  it was absolutely delicious.