Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing 
get the ribs and grits. The serve staff is so pleasant and kind. Their burgers are excellent as well! My aunt lives in New Orleans about seven or eight minutes and from Brown Butter Southern Kitchen . And it is one of her favorite places. So if you visit New Orleans and you wonder where the locals eat this is one of those places. My aunt has lived in New Orleans for many, many years and her office is off bourbon street so she is well informed when it comes to great places to eat.Had the most amazing dinner at Brown Butter.  I already knew the Beef Short Ribs with grits were phenomenal from the last time I ate here but some of my new favorite dishes are the Seared Sea Scallops with corn pudding and the Pork Belly with Oysters. We also enjoyed some heavenly desserts too.  Wow, the Crème Brûlée and Salted Caramel Pie! Drinks and service were excellent as well.  Everything was divineCustomer service was great the food and portions not so much our waiter had great service. We decided to try this place as we arrived to new orleans the atmosphere is really quiet and not a fun place. If you are looking for authentic New Orleans food this is not the spot for you. Prices are reasonable drinka are expensive and not very good.My first time visiting this mid city restaurant. The vibe of the restaurant was really nice cool. I had the Brown Butter Burger and fries.  The burger was just OK, not as seasoned as I would have liked it to be.  I was hoping to taste the blend used in the burger, but at the end of the day it taste like just a regular burger.This place has excellent food but the waitress was probably not the best. We ended up waiting almost 30 minutes for our food and appetizer to come at the same time. If that waitress is fired, the food alone is 4.5 stars or higher.Excellent food and service. Brunch consisted of a more limited menu, but everything was done well. Burger was one of the best in the city (as good, if not better than Cowbell). The side of brussel sprouts with lemon salt were also delicious. Glad to have another brunch option in the neighborhood!Best brunch burger, my husband had the soul bowl AMAZING oh and the thin fried pickles were the best I've tried so far super crunchy we'll be backSucculent burger!  Absolutely delicious. Brussels sprouts were better than mine!! 
Garlic aoili fries were spectacular! 
New eatery on our circuit!please tell everyone chicken and waffles do not go together, it is a forced meal that some hungry clown started. chicken and waffles do not mix.Great food and service. Brown Butter Burger was really good. My husband loved the short ribs on grits.I am so bummed. I've been waiting for ages to try this place and I was left with one big disappointment.
Okay, so I was here with my dad on a Friday for lunch. We got here at about 1 and we were seated immediately- great! I was here for the restaurant week lunch special, but I think they might do the $20/3 course special all the time, I'm not sure.
For my three courses I decided on the thin cut fried pickles, the shrimp and grits and the bread pudding. The thin cut fried pickles were great! Lightly battered and not heavy or overly filling. This was a great starter. The shrimp and grits were okay. The grits were decent, but not the best I have ever had and on the somewhat bland side. The shrimp are tail-on, but they were cooked nicely and were a good size and juicy.
My main reason for the 3 stars is the fact that they were out of bread pudding and we weren't informed until the end of our meal. The reason we decided to even have lunch here was because we wanted the bread pudding. Honestly, I feel like they should have either put two bread puddings aside at the beginning of the meal when we ordered, or they should have come out and said that they were out of bread pudding. I just felt like I had been kind of tricked and I don't like that feeling. And how do you run out of bread pudding two hours into lunch? Instead of bread pudding we were given chocolate torte and it was okay, but I wasn't in the mood for chocolate at all.
Anyway, the owner was super sweet and the service was good. I just don't know if I'll be back or not.First let me say that the server was good and the Bloody Marys were tasty. The wait for the food was way too long and the food was not good. The food was cold and bland. Disappointing to pay so much for bad food.The meal was not good at all. The pork ribs were dry, the "pickled apple slaw" was just sliced green apples as far as I could tell, it was sprinkled with crushed smoked almonds which tasted like they came out of a can, and the farro risotto was almost inedible and tasted like soggy oatmeal (but we tried to eat at much as we could to be polite). My husband's old fashioned cocktail tasted like soda. Eventually our waiter caught on to how disappointed we were with the food and asked me if everything was okay. I told him that I didn't like it and that my husband had a few bites of my dish, but other than that, I would not be eating it. He looked confused and said he would see what he could do and then he came back with the bill and took half off the entrée I never ate. After dinner we walked across the street for a cannoli to try to erase the bad experience/taste. 
Other info: Brown Butter is a relatively casual place with a southern hipster feel (e.g., your bill comes in a mason jar) that is located in a strip mall where an old chicken wing place (name: WOW) used to be located. When we went there they had mostly meat options and a fish special and a strange combo of pork and scallops. No salads. Not really vegetarian friendly. Mostly greasy meat. They use an iPad to place orders and swipe your credit card and the minimum tip amount allowed is 20%. We weren't planning on tipping less, but thought the lack of option was a tacky move.Good food. I got the chicken waffle sandwich and it was delicious, my husband got the steak and eggs that was pretty good. The cornbread and biscuit appetizer came with 2 butters and a jam, which was kind of fun and different.Wow! Brunch was absolutely delicious in this cute little mid city spot! The Bloody Mary's were perfect (the best we've had in quite a while). I highly recommend the boudin hash, the rusty screen door, and the salmon Benny! We will definitely be back!I recently had my second brunch visit here and it exceeded my expectations. My first visit here I had the brunch burger and had been dreaming of it ever since. I had to have it again and finally made a reservation. I made said reservation on 5/20 for 12:45. Upon arriving we were greeted by the hostess who apologized because our table was not yet ready. They did have a full dining area and she stated we could eat at the bar or just wait there for our table. We decided to sit at the bar and have a couple of mimosas while we waited. The bartender asked if we would be eating at the bar which we then let him know we were just waiting for our table to become available. He seemed genuinely apologetic, so much that he said the first round of mimosas were on the house. Shortly after the hostess came over to let us know our table was ready. We were seated at a spacious comfortable booth. Barely warming our seats the bartender soon followed with "The Basket". He proceeds to tell us this too is on the house due to our very short wait. We were so excited being that was one of the appetizers we planned on trying. Our server was witty and pleasant. We never needed to ask for anything because he was on top of it all. My burger was just as amazing as my first time, if not better. We also got to try their new brunch item, "Honey Cluck'n Biskit", which is another must try item! They also now offer $15 mimosa pitchers, can't beat that. Looking forward to my next visit.Exceptional service, food was awesome and full of flavor, servers were attentive and responsive. Could have asked for a better place to have Mother's Day brunch. Will be back for sure. (Dallas native)We visited while in town and had a great brunch on mothers day. It wasnt too crowded and the customer service was great from the time we walked into the door until the time we walked out! The bar tender Kat was great, very attentive and friendly! The fokd was so savory and good.  I had the short rib which was very tender and filling! We will definately be back when we are in town!Great food, Easy location to get to. 
Awesome drink specials. Service was wonderful. 
We had the burger, bread basket and grits which were all delicious. 
Wait wasn't too long. No complaints. 
We will definitely come back again very soon.Best shrimp and grits, and the fried dill pickles heavenly!! Prices are reasonable especially compared to the quality!!! 100% recommend!Just tried this place for the first time. Their Time Traveler Cocktail was delightful! We also ordered the mussels and fries which did not last long because they were so yummy and I got the shrimp with white beans and yogurt - that was so delicious. Must try this place. We will definitely be back to try brunch!The atmosphere was a nice, quiet, clean and quick. I had the Butter Burger and asked for it well done. It came out to me medium well. The waiter Scott was nice and quick. I also ordered a sweet tea and it was unsweet. The prices are a little high to say my food didn't come as I ordered. They give you a limited to menu for brunch and lunch. I loved how they had logs cut to hold the condiments. Try them out to see if you enjoy the restaurant.Excellent service! Staff is very good! I recommend trying the Oyster T.L.T. Glad I stopped by to try this place out! I will definitely be back!After my second experience at Brown Butter, I thought it would be appropriate to post a review of meals we had.  The first lunch I had was the chicken and waffle sandwich.  As everyone has stated it is not an actual waffle, but sourdough bread pressed in a waffle iron.  This sandwich was spectacular with the shredded chicken and the maple syrup on top!  Also, my first experience with the Brussels sprouts left me wanting more.  My second meal was a special for the day.  It was the braised beef spare ribs with corn grits.  The meat had a slight smokey flavor and was perfectly cooked.  The corn grits were good and creamy.  And of course, I enjoyed another side of the Brussels sprouts again.  Don't sell yourself short next time your in the mid city area...visit this place!!Very very good! I wish I had more of an appetite that day. The atmosphere was my favorite but the staff was very fun and friendly. 
We had the brown butter burger! It was great!! Next time I'll ask for more cheese bit I was super satisfied. 
This is my friends favorite place and I understand why. We also had the grilled Brussels sprouts and the garlic fries. We where there at happy hour, which is a great deal. It's in my neighborhood so I'll be back. 
This is a great date spot. It's cozy and a good place to sit and talk.Food was awesome. Fried pickles for an app were great. Very thin cut pickles with a very light batter make for a perfect snack. Chicken and "waffle" sandwich with fries and the chicken fried chicken sandwich with Brussels sprouts for lunch, they were all delicious. Fresh cut fries with garlic aioli, sprouts were maybe the best I've ever had. Definitely a good choice and for a very reasonable price. Both sandwiches with side were under $12 each, which isn't much more expensive than fast food, and the quality was needless to say 100's of times better!
As far as location goes, it's in the booming area of mid city in the back of a little strip mall on Carrolton and Beinville. Exterior wise it's kind of bare but don't let that drive you away. Interior is nice and new with a cool set up. 
Don't miss out on Brown Butter!Greasy and overpriced food, my poutine potatoes were dripping oil, and we waited forever for our main. Only disappointing meal had in New Orleans so far. We won't be back.Everything very delicious!!!
I had the chicken and waffles and for chocolate cheese for dessert!!!
All very delicious and highly recommended!!Waited 10 minutes for water. 45 minutes and no food yet. It could be good, but, I don't think I will come back. It just takes to dang long.We stumbled upon this place randomly, and left hungry and disappointed! We got the special, which was "steak and eggs with boudin hash"... it was literally 4 bite-sized pieces of steak with a fried egg on top and the boudin was the size of the egg. This would have been fine as an appetizer but as a main course, not even close, especially for $17! The only reason this review got 2 stars from me is because the sweet potatoes and fried pickles were good. Will definitely not be returning.The crab mac n cheese was delicious got there and found out that you could only order from lunch menu. Fried pickles were just alright. My wife ordered asked for butter with her waffles but the waiter never brought it after he kept passing us.Cute restaurant, friendly staff, and great food. We were just passing by and decided to try this place for brunch. The Rusty Screen Door is delicious! I can not wait to go back and eat it again. The fried pickles are pretty good also. The only bad thing was that they were out of Mimosas when we were there, but the owner reached out and offer us one on the house next time we are in town. Very sweet people :) 
There is a small bar area if you are looking for that.As seen on Diners, Dives and Drive in's. We had the crab Mac and cheese. Wow, so good, worth the trip just for this appetizer! If you get this as an appetizer, it's very rich so share a burger. My wife and I ordered burgers and we could have shared one. I had the brunch burger which was amazing. She had the pimento cheeseburger which was equally amazing!Went here for brunch and loved it! The brunch menu wasn't huge, but it was diverse enough to please any palette. I enjoyed just reading the menu because you can tell that each dish had been very though out: loved the fusion of Korean flavors (Seoul burger/Bowl) into a more Southern context and the elevation of classic Southern components. Brunch began with a $7 Bloody Mary special, and it did not disappoint. I ordered the Rusty Screen Door, a play on an eggs Benedict, and loved every bite. The biscuits that anchored this dish were perfectly fluffy, crispy, and buttery. Our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu, and was very accommodating for our large group. I'm excited to see the growth of this restaurant, and I'm even more excited to come back for dinner the next time I'm in town!This place is great, and a wonderful addition to Mid City! I went for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and had the fried pickles, which were awesome. They are so light and delicious (although a tad on the salty side--maybe that's just me). The pimento cheese sandwich sounds plain, but it's wonderful, as are the two sides that my mom and I got, the sweet potatoes and brussels sprouts. 
The price was right, and we got out for pretty cheap on what I would classify as a pretty good lunch. I'm looking forward to trying it for dinner soon, especially now that I heard they received their liquor license! 
Only complaint--it was REALLY cold in there. For a warm afternoon, I definitely needed a sweater.I had the green tomato and crab Benny and I.T was absolutely delicious. I expected a little bit more for the price but the taste compensated for that. I also ordered a mimosa and my boyfriend had the sangria, both were absolutely delicious!Amazing service and amazing food!! Everything on the menu is too die for!!! Would definitely recommend and would come back!! A must if visiting NOLA!Several things I like about Brown Butter
- Casual, chill atmosphere 
- Parking lot 
- On Open Table 
- The unapologetically unhealthy ode to comfort food. 
Everyone raves about the pickle chips and I am a pickle chip connoisseur so I knew I had to try them. They are thin and crispy so they actually have a very slight pickle flavor due to the batter to pickle ratio. Even if a person didn't like pickles they probably be on board with these. For hardcore pickle lovers, I'd skip it next time. 
The pimento cheeseburger is where its at, my friends. I would dare to say, it ranks in the top 3 cheeseburgers I've ever had. They don't skimp on the pimento so every bite is loaded with cheesy goodness. No healthy vegetables are getting in the way of this hearty meal. That would just in in the way of all the meat and cheese, really. The house cut fries are the obvious, yet perfect side to round out this Southern charm burger. When I'm in the mood for a juicy, cheesy burger I know where I'm headed. 
The service was also good, and attentive. Its a small cozy place so reservations is recommenrded for a larger group.Last day of Coolinary Month and we spent it with Brown Butter and Chicago....our new favorite server.  The special was corn soup with pickled shrimp and it was amazing.  My husband, the vegetarian, got it too with the shrimp on the side so I got double shrimp.  We both agreed the soup was perfection.  He wasn't very hungry so settled for watching me eat the fried chicken on brioche which was crisp and succulent.  Chicago, our charming server, meanwhile was concocting some decaf ice coffee super strong and just right.  Since we were the last customers before closing and we were enjoying our conversation about the city of Chicago with our server, we never got around to our bread pudding dessert.  They packed it up for us to enjoy during the football game tonight.  Cant wait to go back for the pimento cheese...or maybe brunch.Took a group of 12 here last week, while in town for a conference.  I asked around for a place that does southern food with a twist, could accommodate a group, and takes reservations.  It hit on all points.  The staff was great and the food is outstanding.  Everyone in the group enjoyed their meal immensely.  I was a little worried that we might be loud, since the seated us in the middle of the restaurant, but it didn't seem to be an issue.  
FOOD - I can't speak for everyone's food, but we shared orders of the fried pickles, which were delicious.  While this isn't rocket science, they did a good job of keeping them fresh tasting and lightly breaded.  Also had the liver pate, which was delicious and very mild tasting.  We had to request more bread to finish it off, but there was no way it was going to waste.  A couple of my friends got the Seoul Bowl and loved it.  One wasn't sure if he'd like kimchi, hating saurkraut, but this dish may have won him over.
My main course was a special of the night - a local whitefish (sorry, don't recall the name) served on collard greens and macaroni and cheese.   I was worried the mac and cheese would be overpowering but it was a perfect combination of flavors and textures.  Really awesome.
SETTING - While the restaurant isn't much to look at from the outside, sort of hidden on the side of a modern corner complex, it is very nice inside.  The location in mid-city is great.  I'm confident that the cost would have been much higher if we had stayed downtown.First time to try BB. Very nice staff started the experience in the right direction. Our hostess and waitress were super sweet.  The food made the experience even better. We started with the bread basket which had a mix of corn bread and biscuits that really complemented the flavored butters and jam. The house specialty short ribs and grits were top notch but in close competition were the fried green tomatoes with crab meat  and the burger. We will definitely be back to expand on the menu. I didn't give 5 stars only because the items were just slightly over priced by $1-3 but that is just being picky and in comparison to similar menus such as High Hat. Overall great experience and excellent food!This was my first visit to Brown Butter and I was not disappointed. The restaurant was cozy and comfortable. 
I visited for coolinary month and had the following...
Chilled Sweet Corn Soup with pickled shrimp and yogurt
Pimento Cheese Sandwich on multigrain bread with apple pecan chutney, arugula, sliced green apple and fries.
Vanilla Bean Bread Pudding with brown butter rum sauce.
Lauren was awesome and told us a few stories about the wood that was cut and holding the salt and pepper shakers and the decor of the restaurant.  
I would definitely go back and visit again. 
Parking is easy but get there when they open.  We got there at 11:15 and had not problem parking or getting a seat.  By the time we left a little after noon there was no parking outside and many tables and the bar area was filled.great experience!  Our waitress was a delight and makes us want to go back.  We tried the Oyster T& T, Chicken and Waffles, Egg Salad Sandwich and a special that was Brie and Nutella on a crossaint. French Fries were outstanding!  Really liked the fried goat cheese too.  Go see them.  You will be thrilled with the food and the prices are terrific too!I love the atmosphere! It's dark and woody! Parking can be a challenge on brunch days.  I love the fact that when we ordered our items, the servers have an mini iPad to place the orders immediately instead of walking back to the computer or hand written orders.  The kitchen recieves the order immediately once the server saves the order! 
We decided to get the crab Mac and Cheese.  Super flavorful.  Crab is slightly crusted. Shells were seeping with the pimento cheese sauce! It was cheesy and rich.  I wish there was more of it.  Portion size was barely a cup worth.  For $12.00, I would expect more than a cup to share as an appetizer.  You can see my pic.  It's not a deep dish at all.  Disappointed in portion size...happy for flavor. 
Brunch burger was delicious!!! I always get it medium rare!  Had a nice crust on it. Cooked the way I liked it.  It's topped with a sunny side up egg so that after you spread on the homemade mayo, you smash down your burger for that gooey yoke to overflow your already deliciously seasoned burger! I would love more arugala on my burger.  I loved the melted Brie on the burger! I usually don't eat Brie! The other thing that brought a bit of saltiness and sweetness to the burger was the bacon onion jam!  Man I can just eat it directly with rice if I could!!! Homemade shoestring fries were yummy as well! I love the homemade ketchup! All of this on one plate for a magical price of $12.00!!! Completely worth checking out this joint!!!Not a bad thing on the menu. A little more pricey than I would have thought. The waitress was awesome.  The owners have some sort of connection to Texas so they have some Texas beers on the menu. Good food though.We wanted to try something new. We should've stuck to our original plan. Food was okay, however, we wait over 45mins.
The chicken and waffles was underwhelming. The syrup was burnt and had such bitter taste. The salmon Benny was okay but the portions were small, the hoe cakes were tiny and thin. The sweet potato hash was way too sweet but nice texture. I probably won't eat here in the future.We order the steak tartare it was great! The customer service was excellent! The hot fish starter was inedible its was like eating a pile of salt. I suggest trying other starters.Went for a birthday brunch with 12 people. I ordered the Lox and Toast, which was delicious and light, but filling. We visited from Houston and my bf was wearing an Astros jersey, coincidentally the owner of the est. was a huge fan and gave our table two desserts on the house. The chocolate cake was too rich for me for the morning, but I looooooved the brie turnover. The waiter was nice and attentive. Oh and the fried pickles were good too, they serve it with house-made ranch, not hidden valley. Will be coming back.Man this is a fun place to eat! The service is always great and the food is very creative and tasty.  The Brunch Burger is my favorite burger in townFirst time tonight eating here. Appetizers delicious and nice portions. But, the entree was so small. Supposed to have Brussel sprouts. Had maybe 5 leaves of one Brussel sprout. Would R least 4-5 whole ones be too much to ask?  Flavor of scallops were delicious but portion was insufficient. I'm still hungry!!We loved it!  The space is warm and welcoming and rustic.  It was a perfect atmosphere to catch up with a good friend over supper.  We got the fried pickles while trying to decide what else to order.  They are light, and they are addictive. I had the special appetizer - scallop tortellini in a creamy vegetable broth (which isn't exactly the right description of it... it was poured tableside). It was awesome!  Simple and complex at the same time, and wonderfully flavorful. It was like sampling a chef's winning dish on "Top Chef". I also got the shrimp and chickpeas, which normally wouldn't appeal to me, but our server highly recommended it.  She was right!  It seems a like strange combination at first, but it had a variety of flavors and textures that went together perfectly.  I also had the fried oyster salad, and it was great, too. My friend got the fish special: red fish on the half shell with some dilled potatoes and vegetables.  It was generous portion,  My friend devoured the whole thing, and she's usually a light eater, so I know it was good.  I was full, but I had to try dessert. The toasted chocolate and cheese was a fitting end to the meal. There were only two slight distractions in our meal.  I got the housemade cream soda, and I really liked it (better than any commercial soft drink, by far), but I only knew to ask about it from reading previous reviews.  I couldn't find it listed on any of the menus.  And, the variety of greens in the oyster salad were nice, but some of them needed torn or cut.  Some of the pieces were longer/wider than my fork.  The service could not have been better.  It's like all the employees, and even the owner who was there, were working together as a team. It looked like some of the chefs were coming out of the kitchen to serve some of the food themselves. Our server was sweet and expertly answered our questions.  Overall, it was a great meal with creative and delicious food and friendly and attentive service. 5 stars!!!Hands down one of my FAVORITE brunch spots. The shrimp and grits are amazing...The best part is...NO WAIT.Bummed that the chicken waffle sandwich was only for lunch. Had the ribs and they were cooked perfectly. Oysters and heirloom tomatoes were good, but lacked a little on the flavor side.This food is amazing here!  The menu changes enough to keep you coming back but if you want an amazing take on burger...seriously try every burger. 
The beef short ribs/grits are to die for as well!Everything here was good. We got the brown butter burger with side of brussels sprouts, a Seoul bowl, and a side salad with brown butter dressing. Was delicious. Burger came with two beers for happy hour.This place was a disappointment.  I had the pimento cheese appetizer it was just ok.   I ordered the burger medium well, it was burnt. I sent it back.  They made me a new one, it was well done.Went Saturday evening for dinner. The restaurant has a country cozy feel to it.  I ordered the lemon fish and my husband got the burger. We also got the macaroni  with crab meat and fried pickles for an appetizer.  I did not see or taste much if any crab meat in the macaroni so i would not recommend it. But my 2 year old liked it. Based on previous reviews we got the fried pickles. They were different then most fried pickles at other restaurants bc they are thinly sliced. They were good but still it's just a fried pickle. Everything else was good and cooked perfectly.Ok. My friend has been here and had a really good experience so we decided to go for lunch. 
We were greeted immediately by a very friendly guy and the interior had a really comfortable southern-chill out vibe, so much so that my friend and I sat for awhile taking our time talking and eating longer than we typically do. 
My friend wanted to order an appetizer to split but we couldn't agree on one and are both stubborn so we each ordered the ones we wanted and tried a little of each. My friend ordered the pimento cheese and toast and I ordered the fried pickles. 
The pimento cheese and toast app was really good! I can't lie, being southern means I have always loved certain basic southern things like pimento cheese. This app was a little stack of crispy crustinis and some pimento cheese in a bowl with pecans over part of the top and some sliced green apples. It was amazing. If you like or have never had pimento cheese you need to try this.
The fried pickles were unlike any I've ever had but were fantastic. Mostly I've only had pickles fried with cornmeal and these were done without cornmeal which gave them a less heavy taste and made them highly addictive. Maybe too addictive??
I am a burger freak, I admit it and I've read some good things about BB's burgers from other reviews so I decided to try the Brown Butter burger. The ground beef is a brisket blend which makes for an interesting burger. I was excited! The seasoning was spot on and it was cooked perfectly, exactly like I ordered--mid rare. The brioche bun was nice and they are generous with the B&B pickles.
After my first bite my friend looked at me wondering what I thought about the burger because we go out to eat a lot and he knows I am a burger guy and I was just like 'this burger is on point'. 
Now, something else that made me really happy (that's worth mentioning again) was that they cooked my burger the way I asked them to, mid rare. I feel like some places just assume I mean medium and others look at me like I'm a vampire for wanting a mid rare burger but that's how I like it and that is how they cooked it for me.
This place is cool, I like that the menu is not gigantic, I admire places like BB that do a handful of things exceptionally instead of trying to do a truckload of things half-ass. Also, I LOVE that it is not a chain. Although it's new I have no doubt it'll join the ranks of the restaurants responsible for NOLA being food-famous.Admittedly, I only ate the sweet potato and Tasso hash.  The previous night, I drank enough for me and the person looking at this review.  I wasn't feeling hungry in the least bit - and then I looked at the Sunday Brunch menu.  My wife and I started with an iced coffee (which needed no sweetener at all).   We ordered the biscuit/cornbread appetizer with accompanying spreads - holy crap - why don't they offer take home sizes of those spreads?!  I am not a biscuit fan, normally - but I found myself eating the hell out of those biscuits just so I could have more of the accompanying spreads! 
My wife ordered the Eggs Benedict and my hungover self ordered the side of sweet potato and Tasso hash.  I found her fork in my dish and my fork in her dish a little too often.   This tells me we ordered the right things and we can't wait to order more of the right things - as well as trying new things.  
I'm sure you won't be disappointed by this place - but you may want to make reservations.  We didn't have any - and we were seated as such - but the place got crowded fast by those with reservations.  I assume if you can make it before church lets out on Sunday, you may be ok.  If you are hungover like I was and are a late sleeper, maybe a reservation is in your best interest.Well, I finally made my way during a not so busy lunch hour and of course it was several months after the opening, but I digress. 
Lots of tasty sounding items were on the menu & despite reading reviews before entering, I was still confused on what to choose. So, I opted for the Brown Butter Southern Prix Fixe; (I selected the salad, short ribs, brussel sprouts & bread pudding) which afforded me an option to try, small plates of an appetizer, entree, a dessert & a drink of my choice. The small portion size allowed me to complete ALL THREE COURSES; this was a first. 
I found the cost to be just right per individual. 
I'll have to return for a dinner run to see what that menu entails. 
The service was good as it was the lunch hour and we were only one of two couples inside.Very disappointed after all of the great reviews I read here. The gf and u have been in a roll of great Friday night meals lately. Toup's Meatery, Angeline, Cafe Degas. 
Our problems  started at the front door. The hostess pointed to a two top that was directly in line with the door, just two feet from the end if the welcome mat. She pointed! Menus were already set in the table. She didn't even walk around the host stand to show us to the table. 
The front dining area was so dimly lit that tables around us had to use their cell phones to read the menu. While all the surrounding tables had condiments that included salt, pepper, hot sauce and pickled peppers, ours was bare. The server took well over 5 minutes to approaches the table. After introducing herself, her first words to us were, "Any questions about the menu?"
We order beer since the wine list was small and overpriced. Everything on it would have been available at Rouse's for much less. With over 40 years in the business I know if a list has more than three wines from the same label, it was probably out together by a wine rep that needed some placements. Our appetizer of fried pickles was large and well presented. The thin sliced pickles were coated with a crunchy breaking, but even in the dim light we could see a sheen of oil coating the entire order and a puddle in the plate beneath the pickles. It seemed that the pickles went straight from the fryer to the plate without being allowed to drain. This gave the pickles a flavor of used fry oil that was very unpleasant. 
I ordered the AGED Duck Breast with Dirty Farro. This consisted of 4 small slices of over cooked and rubbery duck breast served over a tasty but very salty rider of Farro. My companion ordered the New York Strip Steak. The presentation was very nice and the steak was a perfect medium as ordered, but it was the most flavorless and bland piece of red meat I've ever tasted. I think they used all of the salt in the Farro and had nine left to season the steak. Since we had no condiments on the table we had to flag down the server to get salt and pepper. She seemed offended that we thought the food needed it. 
When serving the meal, our server asked if I would like another beer. I said yes and was immediately told, "We just ran out of that one."
After a disappointing meal we were hoping that dessert would at least redeem a part of the experience. The selection of Peach Gelato or a "Chocolate Grilled Cheese" left us unsatisfied. 
All around it was a disappointing experience from a place we held high expectations for. I wouldn't return or recommend this restaurant to anyone.Love this place!! They have such a good happy hour, $3 mimosas sat and sun (can't go wrong with that)! Their food is also delicious. The burger with the over easy egg is on point along with the fried green tomato eggs benny (the hollandaise is delicious).These guys definitely know what they're doing. Great food, great cocktails, great space, great service. Brown Butter is such a wonderful addition to Mid-City's already bustling food scene! And as a Mid-Citizen, I'm happy to have such an amazing eatery just a short stroll away. 
I've eaten from both their brunch and dinner menu and have always been impressed with the food and the amazing service. Definitely try the chocolate grilled cheese if you're in the mood for a treat and if you're there for brunch--dive into a Bloody Mary or a Bloody Hank (with Gumbo bitters and bourbon?!) 
From the service to the delectable offerings, Brown Butter has never disappointed me or my dining companions, I can't imagine they would disappoint you unless you hate good food. Go get you some, seriously!Appetizers: fried pickles and fried goat cheese
//Verdict: the fried pickles were awesome. Really thinly sliced and tasty. The fried goat cheese was tasty as well BUT I was expecting more out of it. There was a greater salad to goat cheese ratio (you only get two medallions)
Meals: truffled egg salad sandwich, pimento cheese sandwich, chicken and waffles, and the market catch (striped bass)
//Verdict: I thoroughly enjoyed my egg salad sandwich, I'm not a fan of egg salad that has too much mayonnaise, so this one was perfect! My boyfriend ordered the pimento cheese sandwich, and it was ok. It came out on white bread and the apple slices slightly overpowered the pimento cheese. My mom had the chicken and waffle sandwich, which also disappointingly came out on white bread that they just put into the waffle press to toast! My dad (being the health nut) ordered the market catch, which was really tasty, moist, and fresh. 
Overall, a good dining experience. As others have commented, the tip options start at 20% if you pay with card, which I usually tip 20% anyways, but I can see how it might rub other people the wrong way.This was our first trip to Brown Butter. We started with a cava cocktail flavored with preserves and elderflower that was great!  The peach Rickey was also very good. 
The quail appetizer with roasted cherries, chèvre, and hazelnuts was a delight. The thin fried pickles were fine but waaay more batter than pickle. The star was the pimento cheese burger which was fantastic and a perfect medium rare. 
I think we'll make it back here.We had Fried pickles and Beef Barbecue Platter. Fried pickles were greasy and overtired and beef BBQ was definitely the worst I ever had in my life. The meat was tough and dry and had no flavor. I am not sure if it was old or they microwaved it but taste was horrible. Sides: coleslaw on a side was way too salty and very vinegary. Brussels sprouts were burned and greasy. Overall really bad experience and I would never go back there. I can't believe this place has a 4 star rating it just nonsense.My boyfriend and I flew into town and got to our place just in time to throw down our things and book it to the nearest bar to watch the Pittsburgh Penguins game that was about to begin (Playoffs don't take a back seat.. even during vacation).  This place had good reviews, saw it had a TV in the bar area, so we took a chance.  We later found that it was a chance well taken! 
The food was great, classic southern cooking with modern and trendy flair.  Even if you don't think you have room for dessert, you do, and get the Cheese and Chocolate. Just do it.  Still need convincing? Okay. It's a nutella and brie "grilled cheese".  Yea, I know, you're welcome.
That being said, my 5 star rating is due mainly to the staff at this place.  Being seated in the bar area, I feel as though we made a connection with most of the staff that night.  From the hostess,  the wait staff, to the kitchen guys and most of all the bartender, every person we came in contact with was so friendly and personable and really made our experience a great one.  The bartender is hilarious, works her tail off and makes you feel welcomed.  I made the comment that I'd never seen a restaurant staff work so well together or like each other as much as these guys seemed to and I meant it! The people who work here love their job; it shows and it makes a world of difference for customer experience.  Bravo!Looked forward to our reservation but was disappointed in our Valentine's Day brunch. Fried pickles were swimming in oil and had to dab with a napkin to eat. I ordered the short ribs with grits which had good flavor but I found the ribs very fatty. Fried chicken with waffle too sweet for my taste. Fun, bistro vibe to the restaurant and service was pretty good.We went last night to celebrate my birthday and my friends birthday. We were supposed to only be a table of eight but two friends showed up that never confirmed they were coming. Staff still quickly accommodated the extra two. Drinks were great, but I wish they had some specialty cocktails. The food was great, I'm still thinking about the short ribs. We will definitely be back!It was disappointing. We arrived with reservation for 6 for brunch at 2pm. We ordered and waited 40 minutes for 4 orders of chicken and waffles and 2 burgers. I ordered medium well burger and it came out medium rare.  No offer to compensate while there (other than hummus brought to table)or no reason / explanation offered for delay of food.  I was hoping to find a new favorite and left missing more than half the of the Pelicans / Celtics benchwarmer seats we had arranged over 6 months ago.
I appreciate Simon reaching out who wanted to make it right and offering to take care of our meal. We weren't looking for a credit but will give Brown Butter another try in the future.I had the shrimp and grits and it was amazing. Very cozy and casual dining. I would highly recommend.Service is awful.  Bartender is slow.  Waiter was slow. Asked hostess to get manager, she rolled her eyes and we never saw manager.
Thank you for response. Everyone has a bad day.Came for dinner. Bloody Mary was spot on. The pimiento burger was okay. Nothing mind blowing, but I liked the fries.  I asked for medium, but it was more medium rare.  Menu was really simple.  I was a little disheartened by the thin fried pickles after reading all the reviews.  Most of the chips were clumped together, which made it odd to eat. Came on a weekday, wasn't really packed.  I may try brunch one day, or try a different meat.I was so excited to try this place but the food really deserved 1.5 stars but my waitress was so nice and the space is so nice I went on and awarded another 1.5 stars.  I had the braised short rib sandwich and it was so lackluster in flavor.  Even the fries were nothing to write home about. My friend had the chicken fried chicken sandwich and enjoyed it so maybe that's a better choice. But yeah. ...glad it was only $15. And what's more disappointing is that the lemonade was more like water and soap.  I feel like a SOUTHERN restaurant should at least get lemonade right.  There was no sweetness!  Well hopefully they get better.Great service, fun atmosphere but not impressed with my food. I had the Rusty Screen Door. My food was also room temperature. Because of the service, I will visit again and try a different dish. Hopefully I'll have a better food experience.Everything was really good. The fried pickles are arguably some of the best I've ever had anywhere! The brisket burger was on point. Nothing fancy just a good burger with a solid cheddar not the cheap crap and the garlic mayo is a must! There are some more adventurous choices on the menu but i just wanted something simple today. Staff was friendly and service was top notch.  They will be offering dinner in the near future and I'm excited to see what they come up with.I came here for the first time today for lunch. I have always heard great things about Brown Butter, and it definitely lived up to the hype. 
The interior has a modern industrial vibe. The waitress was very friendly and informative of the items on the menu. They run a brunch menu during the days on Saturday and Sunday.  There's plenty things to choose from and everything sounded appealing.
I ended up going with the Brunch Burger. This isnt your everyday burger! The burger was made from a mixture of beef and ribs. There was a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg on top, brie cheese, bacon onion jam, and fresh arugula. It's comes with an garlic aioli spread and a heaping pile of fries.  They have a massive selection of local beers to pair with the food.
Everything exceeded my expectations and i will certainly be back.Nice option in Carrollton area! Venezia was 45 minute wait so we had been waiting to try Brown Butter! Fried pickles are fantastic! Short ribs were good and tender and the pork cheeks were good too. Sons hamburger was very good!!  
We like Frey across the street too.Very disappointing meal here at Brown Butter.  I ordered the Seoul Bowl which was a huge mistake--$18 for sauteed bok choy and flank steak on a bed of rice.  The rice was overcooked and the steak was not flavorful at all.  I would never eat here again.I have been sampling the Shrimp & Grits all over New Orleans.  So far Brown Butter Southern Foods has made its mark,,,so good!
Fantastic service tops this experience off!I had been looking forward to eating here for weeks! I took a housesitting gig nearby, so I knew I'd be able to mosey over. My dad was in town and craving a burger for lunch. I was hoping to go for dinner, but no matter. We walked in and no one noticed us for 3-5 minutes (too long to stand awkwardly in the front) but it was just after 11 and I know, from hosting experience, that it's annoying to stand at the door for so long, but it creates a terrible first impression. 
On to the good stuff... the menu is filled with all the things I want to eat. I told my dad "I want every appetizer." He said "no. Pick one." So we had the fried goat cheese which was delicious. There are just 2 of them, so keep that in mind if ordering for a group.
I had the oyster tlt (tasso instead of bacon - I'm so fancy) which was really good. It could have used a little more of the aioli but no matter. The fries were wonderful. My dad had the burger and Brussels sprouts. The burger was fine but not a homerun. The sprouts were tasty but very salty. Luckily I had some fresh lemonade to wash it all down.
All in all it was a decent experience. There are just a few kinks to iron out. Paying on the iPad was a cute ending.Nice place where Wow use to be at. We came here Friday for happy hours. The waitress was very knowledgable and attentive hard worker. We tried Poutine, I ordered Mac n cheese for my daughter with no bread crumbs and onion. It came out just how we wanted it.I've never had anything but a wonderful experience here!  Every entree I've ordered has been wonderful, the waitstaff have been friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere has been great.  I truly don't understand why every time my boyfriend and I go here, it's not filled with more diners.  I'd highly recommend this restaurant.Delicious fried pickles and amazing short ribs!!! Amazing! Pre Fixe Menu with the best options.This place is a cute restaurant, but the location is kind of random. I'm not sure how my friend found out about it...
Came here for brunch on Sunday- they have $6 bloody mary's and $3 mimosas!!! That is a pretty amazing deal. I got a bloody mary which was really good, with their homemade smoked ham which I enjoyed a lot.
Food: We started with the brie and nutella croissants which was AMAZING. So good. For sure a must get (5/5). I got the brunch hamburger for my main dish. I asked for it medium rare and it came out medium so I had to exchange it. I felt bad because our waitress was so nice, but I really don't like over cooked meat. She was super sweet and brought me out a new one and took it off our bill. I really enjoyed the hamburger once it was cooked right, which also had brie cheese on it and grilled onions (4.5/5). The fries were also good, but fries are always good. My friend got the shortribs which I tried and were super delicious- I would probably get that next time.
Overall: I would come here if I was in the neighborhood for the croissant, but I don't think you need to go out of your way to come here if you're visiting from out of town.One of the best new Mid-City eateries in a long time.  Creative, fresh and high quality.  Lox brunch dish was superb and the quality of the cream cheese was great.  Brown Butter burger was of the highest quality beef, pimento cheese and the garlic aioli was delicious. Once I added a strip of bacon from my son's waffle order and a few fried pickles from our appetizer it was the most delicious burger I've had in years, although it was cooked a little more than expected.  It was ordered medium and there wasn't even a hint of pink in the middle but it was still juicy and full of flavor.  My daughter ordered boudin hash and it was a LOT OF HASH AND HARDLY ANY BOUDIN.  Wife loved her glass of rose with the lox and the Brown Butter Bloody Mary was delicious with creole mustard added for extra flavor.Had the brunch burger, and a creme brulee.  Both were awesome.  I've never had something like the brisket/pulled pork combo that they use in their patties, but it went so well with whatever sweet glaze it was that goes on the thing.  Hell, even the fried egg was gorgeous.  Crispy on the bottom, runny on the top!
The creme brulee was just as great as it was when I came years ago.  My sample size isn't impressive by any means, but I love creme brulee, and it's the best one I've had.  
Great restaurant.  Definitely give it a go if you're in town.Brown Butter was a pleasant surprise that is pretty unsuspecting from its outside strip mall appearance. It's relatively cute and cozy inside, but the star of the show is their food menu. Our group of 10+ enjoyed their Valentine's Day menu here and was wildy impressed. For starters, we sampled an array of unique items: fried pickles & ranch, mussels & fries, black bean hummus, baked cheese & bread, and coconut shrimp bisque. Talk about indulgence-- this is what NOLA eating is all about! From the starters alone, it was easy to see why this Southern American restaurant is nothing close to predictable. Two bold glasses of Tempranillo later, I finished the evening with a sweet, savory duck confit topped with sweet cabbage. Great, attentive service and amazing food. Only disappointing aspect is that the chef seems to change the menu way too often. Some of the dishes that I had been looking forward to (i.e. fried goat cheese), are no longer offered.Amazing burger! You must try this place with their old fashioned sodas (nectar!! Hint hint) I have no doubt that they will outgrow this current building and relocate just by continued customer growth. Parking can be tight but you will soon understand why!Came here for brunch. I had the salmon lox and my boyfriend had the shrimp and grits. The food is fantastic!  The house cured salmon tasted light and the salad it came with balanced out the oiliness of the fish. The shrimp and grits was very creamy, but not heavy. Nicely portioned brunch meals. We also had their bloody Marys and again, very good. Highly recommend this place. It's a little hidden, but an awesome find!I was told the guys that opened this place was from a pop up I used to attend. The food was always amazing so I went with high expectations. Well, they didn't let me down. I have been there twice now. I was never a fan of Wow so this is an awesome replacement. The first time I had the brown butter burger. While leaving I saw the pork chop someone ordered and couldn't wait to return to try it. I have never paid 16 bucks for a pretty much stand alone pork chop but it was worth every penny. It was so moist and flavorfull. The breading was perfect. Whenever I do pork chops they come out on the dry side. I would like to learn there secret. Many do not know about this place yet. When word gets around I am sure they will pack the house. Service was also top notch. Welcome to the neighborhood guys!Came here for lunch today. Our service was excellent. I don't recall his name but he was so helpful. My daughter and I split some fried pickles which were the best we have ever had and the chicken and waffles. Very pleased. We are going back for dinner! I wish we had one of these in Austin.Finally got around to try Brown Butter and boy were we in for a treat!!! My husband and I pass this place while we go to Winn-Dixi almost every other day and thought it was a cute little place for date night.
I was pleasantly surprised. When we got there, the table was set up for us ahead of time due to calling in a reservation. We had Chris as our waiter and he was so sweet and helpful. Gave us some amazing specials but I was all about the steak. 
We started with the risotto, which even though it was a relatively small portion, it was so tasty (chef teach me your ways!!) We moved on to the New York strip steak. I alway order med-rare and my hubby orders med-well. Both steaks were cooked beautifully. Mine was melt in your mouth delicious. Plus the grilled grapes, such a delicious surprise! Everything garnishing the plate was so different but it all just made it come together beautifully. This was a meal that I wish never ended!! 
The only thing that was surprising was the price. It's on the high end, so if you're on a budget, save up to be able to enjoy a dinner here. I'm still glad we were able to try it. Might not be a monthly thing, but if we can, we will be back. 
Thanks Chris for being such a great waiter!!!  Thanks Brown Butter for our perfect date night.I had the chicken & waffles sandwich. I was a little nervous about the maple mustard glaze as I am not a mustard fan but it was the perfect amount of tang to balance the sweet. The portion was great. I had the fried Brussels  sprouts  which I enjoyed but I think I'd try the Grus next time which looked delish & fresh. Waitress did a great job with keeping up with my ice tea needs which trust me is no easy task. Note its location is tucked away in a strip mall but interior is warm and inviting.Went for dinner with a friend. First, service was bad. There was one decently attentive waiter but sadly he wasn't ours. The booth was so uncomfortable we had to move. Our waiter seemed thoroughly disinterested in us. And once we finally got our food, my meal was lukewarm and my friend's ribs were too tough to eat. Sorely disappointed, especially for the price we paid.Been here a few times. I prefer lunch menu to dinner menu. Poutine was delicious. Burgers are juicy. Brussel sprouts are great. Menu seems to change weekly and some items that are on the lunch menu aren't served at dinner time. I gave a four star because the last time we went I brought my six year old and there is no kid menu at all. Not really anything on the menu she could eat that wasn't huge.Super yummy brunch! The bread basket came with Cherry butter, Steen's butter (my favorite) and fruit preserves. We had the regular eggs bene and the burger! Omg! Too much delicious-ness.  Lots of food. Service was very prompt and friendly. Good place for brunch, very busy on Sunday!I had read several revues so I was prepared for the smaller portions and eclectic presentations. I found the dishes were well thought out and prepared. There is a rustic country appearance to the dinning room that gives you the feel of a BBQ joint. But the dishes are nothing like what you would expect there. I stuck with meat but the special was a red fish on the half shell that sounded good. We started with the Sprouts (Fried Brussels Sprouts) I found them to be fresh, crisp, and tasty. The portion was large and enough for the both of us. I ordered the New York Strip and my date had the Beef Short Ribs. Both took a little longer to come out then I had expected but I was on a date and we were enjoying ourselves and our conversation. When the food arrived I was happy to see my steak was cooked to perfection and displayed in slices in a well thought out presentation. My date's ribs were very tasty but a really small portion. She was a little put off because the rib pieces were served on top of the grits. (She doesn't like her food to touch) But they were cooked perfectly and tasted great. We both left full and thought the portions were not to small and just perfect for us. Our waiter was nice and very attentive and I felt the prices were appropriate. I would eat there again and might try the seafood next time.Absolutely amazing food. The fried pickles are the best. Staff is always courteous and wonderful.Amazing! Soup of the Day was Sweet Potato Andouille, great flavor, nice heat.
Cheese Curds- cheesy, great dressing.
Side of Brussels sprouts was the best EVER!
Cane syrup battered chicken special.. Go, get you some! PS- they have a full bar!Mimosas excellent. I didn't have any, but wife had two. Wanted more oj! I tasted it, they were great. Fried pickles thin well fried, taste like pickles! Could do without the sauce in bottom of plate. 
Burger excellent!
Steak n egg cooked right!
Have to go back.This place is adorable! We came here for brunch and were sat immediately. Service was excellent. Portion sizes are a bit skimpy for the prices but the food was delicious! Overall a good experience.We just went to Brown Butter today for lunch and loved it. We went on a friend's recommendation and it was great. 
We had fried pickles to start. They were awesome. They were super thin and lightly battered. They weren't greasy or limp either. They were little bites of awesomeness. They were served with a slightly watery buttermilk dressing, but the fresh dill on to made up for the lack of creaminess. 
The brussell sprouts were crispy and not so uncooked, like other places. Very good side dish.  Apparently the oyster BLT was a hit because I didn't get a bite. Now the best main dish was the chicken fried chicken sandwich. The chicken was most, but crispy on the outside and not battery. 
The best part of lunch was the desert. We had the Chocolate cheese sandwich. It was a toasted croissant with brie cheese and nutella all baked together. They served it cut into thirds and it was delicious. I could have just had that all day.Worst Sunday brunch service my family has been to while in New Orleans.  The kitchen took 30 minutes to get out the pickle app and didn't cook the burger we ordered (medium came out to be charred and burnt). Everything would have been cool if the waiter didn't cop and attitude, but he just grabbed/snatched the plate like it was our bad or something. Manager barely amended the situation. There are so many great brunches to be had out here in New Orleans that I suggest just staying clear of this spot. Just my experience today was terrible. Once we came here before and it was actually fine, but no excuse for this experience today.Unfortunately we were disappointed by this place. The food wasn't that great and the dessert isn't even worth mentioning. The steak tartare app was the best thing going. We had the rabbit and dumplings entree which was a total waste of time. However the service was fast and the customer service was nice so they get three stars for that. I wouldn't recommend or return here again.The moment we get to the restaurant we were told that there's a 30 minute wait we give them our phone number we go and stand outside that we noticed a couple walk up to the restaurant and get seated immediately. So after having numerous people rave about the restaurant we continue to wait for seats and 20 minutes later we are seated in a booth. After waiting for 10 minutes we are giving water and we decide to put our order in immediately considering how long things I've taken so far. We get our drinks at the same time as her appetizer which was the cornbread and biscuits appetizer without any biscuits.... My four-year-old accidentally spilled water on the table and we've had two servers walk by and look at us before anyone asked if we needed help cleaning up we had to get our server from across the restaurant to ask him to help us come and clean up the mess... Another 20 minutes later we get our food I ordered the eggs Benedict...The food was not even lukewarm in our bread was completely burnt on one side....The girl that I was with ordered the chicken and waffle sandwich which visually look good but was almost completely cold....also the corn bread appetizer that we received was terrible it was completely dry crumbly cornbread with absolutely zero flavor. It also doesn't help that my daughters meal was half missing and a half that you did receive the eggs and the grades were not season at all not even one thought of pepper or salt to be found. I am willing to go back because obviously there was a misunderstanding problems both in service and in the kitchen and all restaurants deserve a second chance.Like everyone else said, the fried pickles are delicious!  The duck breast was recommended by the waiter and did not disappoint.  The pimento burger was good as well!
The service was at a good pace and very attentive.I have only been for lunch so far- and every item ordered tasted fresh and delicious. Plan on going back to try every dish because it's that good. If your looking for a subtle , hole in the wall type experience try this restaurant.So delicious. Service was great! A great find and good for kids. The house salad was divine and the burger was awesome.Burger bun meat ratio was terrible.Tasso BLT was dry. Peach soda was good. cheese curds were awesome. Fries were well seasoned. Once is enough for me.Loved this place! The lox and toast brunch was great. 
Let's talk about our server for a second. Young guy probably early 20's and absolutely AWESOME! He was so attentive to us and made us feel super welcome. 
The atmosphere is laid back and the lighting makes for more of a romantic feel. 
Overall I'd definitely recommend it!This is the best restaurant!  The food is delicious and high quality.  Brunch, lunch, and dinner are so different from each other, the food never gets boring.  Some of my favorites are the Brunch Burger, Lox and Toast, and the Smoked Half Chicken.  The drinks are strong and tasty too!  We came in today for my husband's birthday, despite there being a hurricane approaching, and they treated us like royalty, as usual.  Their staff are friendly and efficient.  They truly care about the experience that you have here.  Love this place!Great place. Menu a bit limited. Loved the grilled cheese. Ample servings. Friendly staff.Brown Butter 
Brown Butter Burger
Brown Butter Burger & Beer
Brown Butter Burger & Beer Bargain!
A damn good burger with some pimento cheese action, fries and not one but TWO good beers for $15. I'm sold! The service was great, and as an added bonus there's a huge pot hole that you can watch cars fall into on Bienville as a form of dinner theatre.I'd been wanting to try Brown Butter for months and finally made my first visit over the weekend. While the meal was definitely good, I was not blown away. Perhaps I had just heard too much hype and had my expectations set too high. And I don't mean to sound negative, because it really was a good meal. I just didn't come away feeling amazed.
I did enjoy both of the drinks I had. One was a peach concoction of some kind and the other was bourbon based. When we ordered the fried pickles, I requested them sliced a little thicker than normal. (I'd done my research on Yelp before dining, obviously.) The waiter initially balked and said that it wouldn't be possible to have the kitchen slice the pickles thicker, but when I explained that the owner had stated on Yelp to just ask, he said he'd check on it and it was taken care of.
For my entrée, I went with the burger. It sounded so good on the menu, since I love burgers and pimento cheese. And it was good. But it wasn't amazeballs. I did like the fries, though.
Other people in our group found their items to be hit or miss too, I think. Some really liked what they got, but some said it was just OK. We shared an order of mussels and an order of Brussels for the table, and those were two of the highlights.
I'd be willing to give Brown Butter another chance sometime in the future.The food was delicious. We had the crab Mac & cheese. Very delicious. The only thing was the serving wasn't big enough. My husband had the Smoked pork ribs. They were fall off the bone delicious. The were only served with a cucumber mint salad so another side might be in order. I had the brunch burger and it did not disappoint. It was melt in your mouth delicious. The fries were fresh cut and crispy. They served it with an aoli sauce that's to die for. I highly recommend this place.Best Restaurant in new orleans hands down and that is truly saying something. Everything on the menu is technically sound and absolutely delicious. This food would be like the kind your grandma would make after a vacation into the city. Down home cookin with southern heart thats feeds a foodies soul muah so yummy and everything is from scratch   What did i order? Fried homemade pickles two burgers which by the way is mixed brisket and rib meat okay that is A1 right there to begin with, the beans and fries omg and chicken. Everything was cooked to order and full of, fresh, rounded, seated flavor without being heavy. They need an award if they dont have one already i will definitely be coming back when im in the state.I was disappointed that the heirloom tomato salad had no heirloom tomatoes. Yellow and red Roma tomatoes are not the same as heirlooms. I felt deceived.I rarely give a restaurant such a low rating but when one discovers an insect in their food the one star is being kind.  Attention to detail is a miss for me. Thank goodness I turned my fish over to discover the DEAD FLY in it. Yes they comped my meal...thanks, but the rest of the table was mortified. Get the bugs out BB. I won't go back.So my wife and I came to New Orleans wanting a change of pace. Simon Beck and crew at Brown Butter Souther Kitchen and Bar exceeded our expectations. The Board app was great. I had the Seoul Bowl and she had the Shrimp Creole. First off, the kimchi was very flavorful without burning the hell out of my mouth. The beef was also perfectly cooked. The Shrimp Creole was a very large portion. The grits were smooth, the sauce was great, and the shrimp fresh. The Creme Brûlée had a thin crust of caramelized sugar that crunched perfectly. Our server Chris was also very attentive and respectful. We will be coming back and recommending this spot to all. Thank you.I ordered the Green Tomato & Crab Benny and my boyfriend ordered the Seoul Burger. He said the burger was good, and I shamelessly ate half of his fries with the delicious garlic aioli. I was a little disappointed with the amount of crab on my benny for $16.50, but I did enjoy the hoe cakes versus the usual english muffin.
Our drinks (mimosa & bloody mary) were as one would expect and well priced. The service was quick and friendly.
We probably wouldn't come back for brunch but still want to try the dinner menu!
Edit: The owner offered a refund on the benny (which was totally unnecessary & declined as it was still good overall). Thanks to the great customer service though, I think we'll be giving brunch another shot!Great little local and locally sourced hole in the wall. Great service and creative mebu. Scallops were melt in the mouth good.Having adopted a KETO lifestyle, it can be very challenging to find restaurants that can support.  This restaurant exceeded all expectations in every way!
Wait staff VERY helpful and friendly. Understood the dietary needs with a smile.
The Brussels were the best I have ever tasted!  Shared the Breakfast Burger and Screen Door with my husband, both had high quality and flavor.  Easy ambiance 
Would definitely recommend to others.This restaurant wasn't what I thought it would be considering I was looking for soul food. It kind of threw me off guard. I was given a brunch menu and it had a lot of things on there that I am not used to seeing so if you are looking for something kind of out of the ordinary I guess this would be your place. The place was busy and the staff was attentive so I do give then credit for that. They did have some normal food like mac and cheese which was very good as well as some of their smoked meats but their portions are small and very pricing. Clean place too!While vacationing from Texas this was a wonderful southern treat! Amazing service, food presentation and taste!We came for dinner on a weeknight and the bartender was very helpful and pleasant! After a thorough investigation of the menu, I had my choices boiled down to just four dishes. The bartender checked up on us and talked about a brunch burger - so that just added to my choice of choosing between FIVE entrees! Finally decided and went with the brunch burger and I was very pleased with it! It was big, juicy, and just plain ol' delicious! Will definitely visit again when I'm back in town!Went the other day after driving by numerous times. I was a bit disappointed with the meal itself. The sauce for the fried pickles was located underneath all the pickles, which didn't make sense. It should be on top or as a side. The pickles were really good, crispy and thin cut. The mussels were so-so, the fries were better. I had the chicken and waffle sandwich - which left a lot to be desired. I've definitely had better. Although the food isn't terrible, it didn't leave me with the desire to return or recommend.fried brussel sprouts were by far the best
burger okThis is such a special place and the NOLA locals love it and I am pleasantly surprised. The food is amazing and I plan to come again on my next visit to New OrleansAs a really avid home cook, it's only worthwhile going out to eat if the restaurant blows me away with something I can't achieve at home.  There are chefs who can make that happen, such as John Besh and Susan Spicer.  Now I can add chef Dayne Womax of Brown Butter to the list.  The dishes at Brown Butter might appear to be simple, country fare, but be assured they are elevated with layers of flavor that belies the simplicity of the ingredients.  The duck leg confit was smoky and falling off the bone with a thick crispy layer of skin.  It was served on a rich, smoky bed of creamed cabbage.  The brussells sprouts were roasted crisp with a delicious acidic twist that made me question if I really knew the vegetable like I thought I did.  I ravaged every bite on the plate, so help me Paleo.  The atmosphere was also really amazing, with reclaimed wood, twinkling lightbulbs and deep indigo walls.  It could be a romantic place for a date.  It was totally unexpected for the location.  Overall Brown Butter was a great restaurant, a welcome addition to the neighborhood, and I will definitely be back.Brown Butter is great and creative southern food. We tried the charcuterie board, smoked fish, Brussels sprouts, and chicken liver pate. All were very tasty. The brisket and oysters, mussels and brown butter burger were all delightful. The brisket was so tender and flavorful.  Chicago was our server and she was very helpful with not only good but the wine and beer selections.  Great food and service. Glad to eat here.Lovely place! Very attentive staff. Cozy wooden decor. Ordered muscles with fries and they were delicious!  I definitely recommend it if you are in the area!Went there for a Coolinary lunch and they rocked it! Service was fantastic even with a full restaurant. Everyone pitched in, even the manager. I had the Brown Butter Burger and it was cooked to perfection. The dark chocolate torte, YUM. We will be going back for brunch.This place is almost hard to see with no flashy signs but they shouldn't need it on The corner of Carrollton and Bienville or maybe because they are amazing.  I've never had fried Brussel sprouts so delicate and crispy done so well they almost ate like chips and amazing flavors.  The fried pickles are sliced so thin and breaded so lightly that they melt in your mouth.  I had a burger and fries and both were delicious cooked to perfection. Excellent staff and a great bar that served me a Dark n Stormy that was the best I've had and this Mid-city gem is on my hit list anytime I'm near City Park.  Eat It!Once again outstanding! Service and food are consistently on point. This is a true gem of a restaurant in the mid-city area! Keep doing what ya'll do!!!!!!Had a great time tonight. We had eight of us for dinner and everyone y enjoyed their meal. Lauren was our server and she was great.  She took her time and answered all of our questions.  I had the Brown Butter Burger and subbed the fries for a small house salad. It was a huge salad and very tasty. Delicious blue cheese dressing. I ordered my hamburger rare and it was perfect. GARY had the rib special and really enjoyed it. We all shared the Nutella sandwich desert. It was really good. Can't wait to go back.Great service and food!  Had the short ribs which were extremely tender and wife had shrimp creole that she loved. Crab mac and cheese while very tasty could have used little more crab but still very good. Brussels sprouts are a must!Everything we ordered was so delicious and the service was superb. We will be back soon!Awesome experience! It's clear why they made the cover of the Gambit. The food is fresh and delicious, and the atmosphere is inviting. I'd recommend the warm pork rinds (still popping when they arrive to the table), and the vinegar-braised beef short ribs (their award winning recipe) for lunch. The fried pickles are on point, and for sides you can't beat the sweet potatoes or fried brussels sprouts. They offer a variety of craft sodas and cocktails, and for dessert, you can't beat the creme brûlée (it's not your run-of-the-mill custard, for sure). The dinner menu changes seasonally, but we have yet to try something that we didn't like. We come here at least twice a week - it's definitely our new favorite spot for brunch, lunch, and dinner. Try it! You won't be disappointed.Came to NOLA to hang out and enjoy the flavor that it has to offer.  Of course I couldn't not help while I'm here.  This place I saw on DDD, so of course I had to try it.  The service was excellent (shout out to Lauren our server) just what you expect.  We ordered:
The coolinary special burger and the game hen. Burger cooked perfect with great flavor on it. Fries with an Aioli sauce yummy.  Game hen cooked perfect as well, tender, plenty to eat which was nice and the Mac n cheese was stupid great.  
Short ribs with grits was insane and the braised greens was off the chart with flavor.  Also, pimento mac n cheese was so delicious I could've ate a bowl of that.  The deserts were to die for as well.  Three thumbs up.Came here a little after it opened and we were seated right away even though we didn't have a reservation. We had the chicken and waffles as well as the breakfast burger. The waffle was sweat and fluffy and the chicken was nice and crispy with a little kick. The burger was AMAZING, the Brie cheese mixed with the onion jam as well as the bacon and egg was a perfect mouth watering burger and one of the best ones I've had. The waitress was this cute girl with glasses and she was extremely friendly and we had a great conversation with her right before we paid the bill. I definitely recommend this restaurant for the incredible food and awesome customer service.Let me start off by saying this place has a lot of potential. Only being open since Monday (1/12/2015), BBSK is a new face to mid city. The menu features some of my favorite soul food items such as greens and pork chops, but with a nice little twang to them. They also will be adding new menu items gradually within the next couple of months to there brunch menu so I look forward to that. The inside of the restaurant is sizable with little touches to it that make it unique. 
Getting to the food though, my friend ordered the potato, ham and kale soup which had a really good flavor. It tasted very similar to the juice thats swimming in the pot after my mom has just cooked a big pot of collard and mustard greens. My friend agreed. I ordered the chicken and waffle sandwich with a side of fried brussels sprouts with lemon salt. I didn't read the description thoroughly and expected an actual waffle as my bread, so I was a little disappointed but thats my fault. Rereading it I realized it's really sourdough bread thats pressed in a waffle iron which is still good nonetheless. I really enjoyed my sandwich. The brussels sprouts were also a nice accompaniment. A tad bit too salty, but still good.  
Overall I would gave 3 stars for my meal today and an extra star for the customer service which is huge to me. They seem to really care and that's rare these days. I didn't leave blown away, but I definitely left yearning for more and will gladly return. 
*Side note*- Don't come if your looking to get in and out. My lunch lasted a little longer than expected, but it takes time to make good food :) Plus there still working out kinks so you gotta give them a break.Yes, yes, & YES!  This food is off the chain!
I'm an appetizer whore, so I can't comment intelligently on any of the entrees, but I've had the Market Salad, Fried Oyster & Heirloom Tomato, the Chicken Fried Quail, & ::drumroll:: the Beef Tartare. All were delicious! The Quail was fried perfectly & complemented by large sheaths of lettuce leaves & smoky charred corn. With the oyster & tomato dish, the oysters were fried right (not too heavy), the tomatoes were fresh & flavorful & the smoky corn buttermilk dressing really set the whole thing off.  I wouldn't have usually ordered the Market Salad because I didn't know what the hell farro was (it's a grain) & I'm not a huge fan of salad, but once I tasted my husband's, I had to have one for myself. This is not a salad in the traditional sense, but more like a vegetable composition.  Yet the farro, which is perfectly cooked & was neither mushy nor hard, reinforced the veggies & the hot egg on top contrasted perfectly with all the other cooler ingredients. But the star of the show is definitely the Beef Tartare.  The beef was fresh & high quality, with just enough mustard notes to jazz it up without overpowering the beef flavor, & the traditional raw quail egg on top complemented.  An extra special bonus is the accompanying marrow bone topped with seasonal jam.  Kettle chips are provided for schmearing, but the marrow is SO rich & potent that I wouldn't want to dilute that wonderful flavor with anything else.  And when the marrow was gone, yes, I picked up the bone with my hands to lick off the residue.  No, I'm not embarrassed.  It's THAT good!
They also make their own sodas & I highly recommend the Cream.  With that in mind, I wish they had a specialty cocktail menu because I'm a sucker for that mixology stuff, but the bartender made a perfect Lemon Drop upon request.
I've never ordered dessert here and, while I don't recall specifically (apologies to BB if I'm wrong), I believe that's because there was no non-frozen chocolate offering.  So, in addition to specialty cocktails, I'd also like to see a strong chocolate dessert (flourless chocolate cake or ganache, perhaps), but that doesn't detract from the fact that BB is still a strong 5-star experience. 
Now, you may pull up to this place in a tiny strip mall at the corner of Bienville & Carrollton & think, "What the hell?  How good could this be?"  But in conjunction with the food & the friendly & attentive service, the dim lighting, wood booths, & dark blue walls are so serene & upscale that you won't remember where you are.Food's fine, but Fox News playing on 2 screens?  Hard to process  food with Wayne Lapierre and Donald Trump leering down.Holy smokes, leaving in a food coma. I can not recommend enough! Husband had a burger with an egg,brie cheese, arugula, a garlic aioli and brioche bun. Mine was muscles with a buttery garlic white wine sauce with chorizo and crunchy bread. My fries had the garlic aioli on them too.Great new space in a pretty ordinary strip mall. The inside makes you think upscale tavern (even though they don't have a liquor license yet). The menu was broad enough to have a little something for everyone but small enough to do each item well.
I couldn't resist the fish of the day which was sheepshead with a succotash underneath and some citrus/fennel salad on top. DELICIOUS...but a bit pricey for lunch at $16. My coworkers each got a burger and fries and enjoyed them. We started with fried pickles which were OK but not great. I think the pickle to batter ratio was off.
The staff was lovely and the service was good. I'll definitely be back to sample that pimento grilled cheese.Review is updated to two stars because I was immediately contacted by the owner who apologized for my experience at the restaurant.  I look forward to going back and having a new experience.Quaint, rustic dining with a simple menu of tasty food! We started our meal off with the thin fried pickles. The dill seasoning was hidden behind the deep fried batter, occasionally surfacing to contrast the light seasoning. Adding hot sauce delighted my taste buds. 
For an entree I had the fish of the day, drum with mirliton. Not a big fish fan I found this quite tasty, not too fishy and the mirliton was not overwhelming. It was overall a very good combination. I'd eat it again, my best compliment for a fish dish. This place is a hidden gem in New Orleans.Good food.
Good Service
Easy to get to, and easy to park.
The Ribs are really good.
Oddly they do not have any Brown Butter on any dish.Went for HH and had brussels sprouts, smoked chicken wings (Seoul sauced), and brunch burger.  Everything was really delicious and portions was very generous.  The brunch burger was one of the best burgers I've ever had...the patty is amazing and the egg made it extra special.  Burger, fries, and 2 beers for $15 is a great value but the fact that it tastes amazing makes it even better.  The brussels sprouts had a nice smoky and sweet taste...the portions are ginormous and we ended up taking most of it home for later (yay).  The wings were good too but our least favorite among what we got...the sauce was great but the meat was a bit dry and the kimchi was just so so (I'm a harsh critic on kimchi though because I'm Korean born/raised).  The restaurant is a bit hidden off of Carrollton Ave...thanks to GPS we didn't miss it but we wouldn't have seen it just driving by.  Small parking lot and no problems finding a spot.  Service was fine...nothing spectacular but straight to the point.  Restaurant was pretty empty with a few people at the bar and maybe 1 or 2 tables.  Not sure if they're always that slow but really hope they market their restaurant because I would hate to see them close for lack of business.  They seem to be trying though as I'm seeing favebook ads, owner posting on fb food pages, and offering specials.We decided to try Brown Butter as one of the restaurants for my birthday celebration because they sent a free entree via email. I have also been wanting to try the restaurant because the pictures of the food on yelp are beautiful! The restaurant is eclectically decorated with rustic style and beautiful art work, I absolutely loved the decor! The dinner menu is small but offers enough dishes for any taste. They have great offerings for their happy hour with half price drinks and a pretty good selection of bar bites. The prices are moderate and besides we had a free meal so we were good with trying a few of the menu items. 
We started off with the crab mac & cheese, it was pretty average. The dish had lovely presentation, it had depth of flavor but lacked salt. For our entrees we choose the roasted chicken with vegetables and the short ribs with grits. The chicken dish was beautifully presented, seriously magazine worthy! Although beautiful the dish lacked flavor, it was a  complete disappointment. Upon ordering I requested the short ribs and grits be separated (simply a personal choice). When the dish was bought to the table it was separated as requested, so was each level of the salad that accompanied the dish, which I didn't request. The lettuce, peanuts and salad dressing were all separated! The only part of the dish I ended up eating was the short rib, which was also average at best. The grits did not taste seasoned at all, nor did the vinaigrette for the salad. If the dishes had depth of flavor they were lacking salt, if they were salted, there was no depth of flavor. 
The whole experience was kind of mehhh. It was really disappointing because I really had high hopes (I mean have you seen the pictures!). I also really wanted to enjoy the meal because I appreciate when a business offers you anything free for your birthday let alone a completely free meal, they don't have to do that. 
Lastly, we experienced from our waitress what we experience quite often in many restaurants, service that seems a little distant or lackluster because they tend to anticipate on looks that they will not be tipped properly if at all. She was nice, we talked casually but I told my wife as soon as we had our first exchange with her, "she is not expecting a decent tip" and the service kind of felt like it. We are always appropriate tippers because of this treatment and because we understand how to tip properly. We tipped our waitress based on the full price of the meal before the free meal was deducted and on her level of service. 
As beautiful as those brunch pics look, I doubt we will return...The brown butter burger was amazing so is the bartender Chicago.  I also loved the fish dip you must try!Great meal and even better service! The $15 burger deal is totally worth it. They were very accommodating (and hilarious) since I can't have gluten. Kitchen gave me basically a whole head of lettuce that I made a makeshift bun out of. Lauren was our server and it was the best service we have had in awhile. Funny, attentive but relaxed. Good night! We'll be back soon. The short ribs and Brussels sprouts are also amazing. 
Only negative was the booth seats weren't comfortable. Everything else made up for it.Brown Butter has become my new favorite Mid-City restaurant not only for the food but for their hospitality and awesomeness. I recently made brunch reservations there because my girlfriend was coming home after having spent several days in NYC, and I wanted to give her a special homecoming. I scheduled the reservation through OpenTable. There was a box asking if this was a special occasion. Because I'm me, I shared that she was coming home and I missed her terribly. Not long after, I received a text message from Simon asking if there was anything specific I wanted to make the day special. I was floored! I advised that I just wanted them to make her feel special. Simon then replied that there would be a bottle of Champagne waiting for us. He and the staff did not disappoint. They greeted her warmly when she walked in and asked about her trip as if they were old friends. We were seated and we ordered the Chicken Liver Pate for our appetizer. It was decadently delicious! For our entrees, she had the Pork Shank, I the Poutine. Both meals were served beautifully and tasted even better. The food was over the top great as was the service. And dessert: OH MY GOODNESS! Homemade gelato and filled croissants with cherries marinated in Amaretto. Dude!!!
Brown Butter went above and beyond for us and we look forward to returning.  Great job, Simon and the rest. Well done!I can't speak highly enough of this place!  Went for brunch with a group for a baby shower. On a Sunday. The service was exceptional, as was the food. Every guest practically licked their plate! Can't wait to return!Went here for Saturday brunch because it was close to my friends house (I was in town visiting) I was with a friend who had about an hour and half before she needed to be at the airport. We ordered mimosa, Bloody Mary for drinks- these were good. For food I had crab Mac and cheese & my friend had pork egg Benedict (something along those lines). It took over 30-40 min to get those two items. I saw a few people get food who came in after us. Waitress did acknowledge and gave us two free mimosas (which I wasn't interested in drinking that). The food was decent, I think had the overall experience been better it would have influenced me to like it more. May have to try again another time when I'm in town!Great service.  Lovely atmosphere.  Oh, and did I mention the food?  Outstanding!  TerryJust left. Hubby ordered muscles and it was disgusting and the waiter highly recommended it. No flavor at all. And the mayonnaise on top made it worse!!! Never going back. Customer service was ok.We were literally trying to decide where to eat, and drove past Brown Butter and stopped in. It was Friday and they were crowded, but the bar was available. We love eating at the bar of a nice restaurant, especially when it's near the kitchen. You see more of the feel and vibe of the place, and usually (hopefully) have a more casual time with the person serving you.
This place was very friendly and comfortable. We weren't starving, so we ordered three starters, and had a beer each. The crab mac 'n cheese was really good. The farro risotto was very earthy and very good. The shrimp and chickpeas was also good, but it had a lot going on. My date and I both ended up liking it, but it took a few bites, and each of  us liked different things about it. 
Staff was very friendly. We had a very pleasant experience and very satisfying meal. We'll be back.Oh gosh I can't believe I'm leaving a 2 star review. I can't tell you how much I HATE leaving a negative review... it just needs to be done :( 
We so badly wanted to love this place based on what we've heard & read, but WOW, truly the worst brunch we have had in New Orleans. It was awful. Let me preface with how we eat EVERYTHING & have a huge appreciation for food. 
Ok so my husband ordered the Tasso Benedict and a handful of the pork in the dish was spoiled. Spoiled! It tasted rancid, yall! I was afraid I was going to get sick by just sampling it. The Benedict was also extremely dry (hollandaise sauce where yat?) and the eggs were overcooked. Not acceptable for the New Orleans standard of food. Not even close. 
I ordered the Chicken and "Waffle" sandwich.... Woah nelly let me just tell you, it has nothing to do with a waffle. It's a grilled chicken and ham sandwich on sourdough. WTF. You can't call it a chicken and waffle sandwich, quotes around the "waffle," and not actually include a waffle! Besides the disappointment of the content, the food was super subpar. It was a struggle to finish our meals. We did so because we were starving and hate wasting any food ever, but looking back, I wish we would have just thrown in the towel. 
Ok so for the saving grace..... The service was amazing. Our waiter was wonderful and so was the adorable host. They saved the meal from being the most epic fail of our New Orleans dining experiences. 
With such good reviews, (hence our attendance in the first place), all we can figure is that the chef was having an off day or didn't realize that the pork was rotten. We still can't make sense of why we had such a terrible meal...so I can't really not recommend the place, but I definitely wouldn't recommend it either. Such a huge bummer. I was hoping this would be a new favorite spot. Now I'm just hoping we don't get sick tonight :( 
So sorry for the terrible review, Brown Butter! I really feel horrible writing this.Came for brunch on a Sunday. Ordered Rusty Screen Door with great expectations. It was a whole lot of biscuit and very little meat. Kind of dry. I was disappointed. Friend ordered Poutine and Eggs. It was a much better option. Meat was really flavorful and delicious. With so many amazing options for brunch, will not be returning. Maybe better for dinner.The steak is amazing. Why is it amazing?
1) I ordered rare and the chef prepared a perfect rare steak for me. The steak is juicy and very tasty with a hint of garlic.
2) Hash and potatoes those came with the dish are tasty as well. I normally don't eat hash, but this one is really good.
3) The price of this dish is $19 and the steak tastes much better than $30 steak I've tried somewhere else.
Besides the food, the restaurant has a good laid back atmosphere.
I would recommend the steak and this place for brunch.Finally checked this place out for lunch. Really nice atmosphere. The waiter was super friendly and effecient. I love just about anything with a fried egg on it so the Brunch burger was my first pick. There's a very reasonable special that gets you a burger and 2 beers for 15 bucks! Good, cold local beers on tap. Burgers are a mix of ground brisket and short ribs..was pretty tasty. My only gripe is that the patty didn't have a strong brisket/short rib flavor like I anticipated and it appeared like it had been a frozen patty vs freshly made. Overall it was a pretty good experience and I would definitely venture back.We tried this place for dinner.  I wasn't too impressed due to the lack of selection on the menu.  We both ended up with the burger, which was very tasty and cooked to perfection.  The service was ok.  I still want to come back and try it again for lunch.  Hoping to see a little more on the menu or maybe an entirely different lunch menu. 
4 stars for food.Mac and cheese with crab was a great starter. Our waiter was super nice and seemed like he knew everything on the menu. Pork ribs were top notch just wished they came with a side instead of having to order one for a addtional price. Great location, great staff cant wait to explore more of the menu!Great food, great service, and great ownership! 
We had a special occasion dinner and Simon (an owner) made sure the experience was special. I've been a number of times and the food has always been great and consistent. Some of the best ribs in the city (note it's not a BBQ place so that says something). Cocktails are well made, original, and not overbearing in ingredients. Desserts are second-to-none.I don't like to use the Lord's name in vain but goodness this place is so good!  I came in here for a work lunch.  I don't even like bacon but that's what I ordered and oh my God.  The bacon cheeseburger special is heaven in mouth.  I am not drunk.  This place is seriously good.  Order anything but salad, because that's for rabbits and maybe vegetarians who of course I respect.  The staff might get overwhelmed but I promise they are hard workers and nice.The food was delicious. My burger was cooked perfectly as was my husbands.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is due to them being short staffed.  Our waiter never refilled our drinks  or checked to make sure everything was prepared correctly, and they clearly needed a host for the front.   I would go back for sure!Brown Butter Southern Kitchen & Bar is located on the corner of Bienville Avenue and North Carrollton Avenue tucked away in the corner of the same shopping center as Singer Kitchens. I had no trouble getting to this restaurant and there was ample parking available. 
I was impressed with the rustic design and style of the restaurant upon first walking in. We were greeted by a very friendly host and the waitress was very knowledgeable about the items on the menu. 
During lunch, sandwiches come with your choice of one side. 
For my entree, I had the hamburger, which was very well put together and flavorful. The hamburger was juicy and the bun was soft (not dry, chewy, or sopping wet with grease). 
For my side dish, I ordered the brussel sprouts and they were.. amazing. I've never had them as crisp as they made theirs. If you are a fan of brussel sprouts, I highly recommend ordering them as a side. 
Overall, I was impressed with this fairly new restaurant. While I won't necessarily be craving anything on the menu making the drive from Metairie worth it, I will definitely be back.Had lunch at Brown Butter a few days ago. Service was friendly. Decor was pleasing and comfortable. 
The food was good but just average--yes, we are spoiled New Orleanians. The hand cut fries were excellent and the crafted non-alcoholic beverages were lovely and quite refreshing. It's not a place that I'd be saying oh you've gotta go there. Yes, I would return but with so many other choices nearby...Food was good but the price point did not match the quality. Got a shrimp appetizer for $14.95 to share between 4 people and there were a total of 5 shrimp on the plate! Made it kind of awkward who would get that 5th shrimp. Entrees were good but very skimpy for the price point. Actually went home hungry and ate again when we got home! Either they need to lower their prices or increase their portions sizes!Decided to take the the whole family (extended family included) out to dinner on a whim and wanted a new place to try. I stumbled across Brown Butter and booked a table for 8. We were seated immediately in spite of arriving about 15 minutes early. Our waitress was a rockstar! With a table of 4 adults, 4 children and a new born, I knew we were a handful but she was able to appease the pickiest of pallets with off the menu items she suggested to our finicky eater. The food was very original and we enjoyed every thing we tried. I have nothing but great things to say about the place, our waitress and the chef! I would recommend to anyone and will be going back soon!This breakfast/brunch was amazing. The bread pudding French toast was more than I imagined. It's smart to start this fish with an amazingly delicious bread pudding. The dish that stole the show for me was the applewood smoked bacon. I actually order a second round it was sooooo good. The staff was pleasant the bar tender was attentive. The space was also very clean...a must! Check them out if you're in the area. 
SB: they lost a star due to something I saw a server do that I consider unsanitary but overall it was a sanitary well oiled establishment with amazing food. Nothing a little training can't fix.Went to checkout their new brunch offering and was not disappointed! Split some amazing steak and eggs with sweet potato hash and an eggs Benedict on corn bread. Despite being located next to a Papa Johns, the interior is really classy and warm with a friendly staff.A welcome addition to mid-city! Even though its location in a strip mall is a bit strange, it doesn't feel that way on the inside. 
We started with the meat board and the beef tartare. The presentation is amazing. The beef tartare had a touch too much mustard for my taste and the chips were a tad too salty and overwhelmed the beef's flavor. The bone marrow with the beef was divine. 
The scallops were lightly fried and the rabbit was perfectly prepared. 
Dessert- get the Nutella and Brie fried sandwich. You will not be disappointed. 
Also- they have their liquor license now- no more BYOB.I've been to Brown Butter for Sunday brunch and for happy hour. Sunday brunch is good. Crab mac and cheese was a little skimpy on the crab, but otherwise tasty. Cane glazed pork belly was spot on. Sweet potato has was worth having again and again. have an objection to paying for a basket of bread, so maybe consider bringing limited bread to the table and not charging. Happy hour is a great deal. Pimento burger was delicious, fresh, nice bun--yum! Brussels bowl was generous and also very tasty. The first time I had the poutine, it was great. Fries served with a debris gravy and cheese curds, which were mostly melted. The next time I ordered those, it was sort of cold, not much debris with the gravy, and the cheese curds were on top, not melted. Would have been better to assemble the ingredients as it came off of the heat to make sure that the cheese melts. Overall this is a great place to pass the time. Service is fast and personable. Give Brown Butter a chance. Try happy hour, and if it tickles your fancy, return for brunch or dinner.Horrible service, took 20 minutes just to get water order. Took hour and a half to get food when everyone around us was getting food. Sad because the place actually had potential. Wouldn't recommend because of service even though the food was pretty good.First time here and not disappointed! We started with the thin fried pickles which were irresistible. After we crunched on our fluffy fried treat, the mains came out. The Seoul Burger is a delicious mix of a southern style burger and Korean BBQ with the Korean BBQ sauce draping the patty. The brisket plate is also a must for bbq lovers and the sides of baked beans and vinegar slaw are great additions. I'll definitely be back!Stopped in here on a visit to New Orleans and was more than pleasantly surprised! The food was delicious and fresh with some creative southern-inspired flavors. Our waitress was prompt, attentive, and friendly. This is a great new spot! Would definitely come back if I'm in the area again.Wonderful service from Mark and Josh! Fantastic food! You can tell that everyone who works at Brown Butter from the front of house to the kitchen, is proud to work at this wonderful establishment. The food was phenomenal - carefully prepared and an excellent assortment of quality ingredients. From the drinks to the dessert, an amazing experience all around. Recommend- Dog Days of Summer (cocktail), Crab Mac and Cheese (starter), Farro Risotto (starter) and Creme Brûlée!! Definitely a must for an unforgettable meal in Mid-City.Had dinner with the family and was apprehensive about brussel sprouts but they were very tasty! What a treat! Our server, Lauren, was very attentive and helpful.  Everyone ordered the BURGERS n BEERS meal and burgers were hot and delicious.  We met the owner who was extremely pleasant and thanked us.  We thank you Mr. Beck and Brown Butter for such an enjoyable dining experience. We will definitely return.Sprouts, sprouts, and more sprouts!    All the food was wonderful.  We had the fried pickles, fried sprouts, short ribs, and the fried oyster and heirloom tomato salad.Had dinner with friends.  Friends ordered appetizers consisting of bone marrow and steak tartar, hogshead cheese and some meats with bread and restaurant fried potato chips.  I had some of the meats, tasty...but passed on the other stuff.  Too far out there for my taste.  The menu- Different sort of "southern" food.  Rabbit & Dumplings, Shrimp & roasted chickpeas, Scallops and corn pudding...not typical that's for sure.  I had the scallops, VERY tasty and the corn pudding was good, served cold with warm scallops.  Not sure that it was supposed to be cold, but it was very good regardless.  A nice dessert of Amaretto ice cream with bread pudding bites...the ice cream was great!  All in all i loved the dinner and the atmosphere.  A little pricey for me, but once in a blue moon for something totally off the beaten path for cuisine, I would recommend it to others and visit again.  :)My family and I visited this place during a recent trip to New Orleans. Upon entering, there was only 1 table with customers. We were approached in timely manner and placed our order. 
I ordered the crab Mac and cheese. Hubby ordered something like a basic cheeseburger (medium well). To be a slow day....it took A LONG TIME for our food to arrive. The crab Mac and cheese was ok...couldn't really taste the crab. Hubby's burger was the reason for the long wait! It was charcoal burnt, although he asked for it to be medium well. 
He debated on returning it; eventually complained. Staff was cordial and understanding. Offered to make another, but hubby passed. He was ready to leave. I asked to cancel my garlic Parmesan chicken wing order, but it was too late. We were only charged for the Mac and cheese. 
When I got to the place we were staying, I tasted the wings. I don't know if it was the flavor or the cooking, but I wasn't a fan. 
Recommendations for restaurant:
1) listen to your customers and make orders per request
2) add more crab to Mac and cheese
3) restaurant name and menu items don't match; I was expecting some southern delights, but the items are on the eclectic sideCame here with a group of girls! The pitcher of mimosa is a steal!! Definitely get that.the shrimp and grits are also recommended. I had the lobster Mac and Cheese as an entree and it wasn't my fav. I'm a pescatarian so wasn't as much on the menu for me.We had been hearing about Brown Butter - but how good could it be? Well.... it is even better! So good that we decided to come eat here and miss Jazz Fest. We could only sample 6 items and all were exceptional. The kale and oyster salad features perfectly fried oysters - an all too rare experience. The wedge salad is creative and deliciously dripping with blue cheese. The Brown Butter Bloody has just enough bite and a Tasso garnish that is a first. Our entrees were the shrimp and grits- platonic perfection - and the crab eggs Benedict - called Green Tomato & Crab Benny - perfectly light and flavorful. We could have ordered all the desserts, but having only room for one, we chose the Lemon Tart - and then ordered another to go for our friends, to entice them to come. Unfortunately, we no longer live in NOLA, so we will need to wait for the next trip to come back. But return we will.Slow service, meh food, okay ambiance. Not sure if it was an off day, but shocked to see such great reviews. Got the chicken and waffle sandwich - which came on white bread & not a waffle (huh?) - and did not enjoy it, the chicken tasted off and I didn't want to risk food poisoning, so left most of it on my plate. However, the brussel sprouts were yummy as was Bloody Mary and I'll give em points for that. Disappointing since I live so close and love the name and logo!Didn't have a reservation but were seated at the bar really quickly! We ordered the lox and toast (great for sharing - VERY salty), fried pickles (great!), the rusty sidedoor eggs (so good!) and the bread pudding French toast (THE BEST). Would recommend to friends who want to order a bunch of things to share/ try!We had brunch on Father's Day.....good crowd but no waiting.  Excellent service and staff.  Shrimp and Grits were flavorful with good sized perfectly cooked tails on shrimp....local Iam sure.  My wife had eggs over a delicious perfectly seasoned beef.  I think it was callAbsolutely incredible food. The sever Abby was awesome too. We will definitely be returning here many times in the future.Best burger in Mid City. The roasted Brussel sprouts are awesome. Very eclectic menu. A must try.The chicken and waffle sandwich is great! A bit messy, but delicious.
Also, get the Brussels sprouts as your side. Thank me later.Excellent brunch food.  The chicken and waffles sandwich was delicious and they made an excellent Bloody Mary.The service and food were impeccable. The short ribs were cooked to perfection! Fried pickles and the charcuterie board are a must. Loved the savory deserts!Brown Butter is dark, wood-paneled affair that sits next to an urgent care clinic in a growing mid-city strip mall. We stopped by for brunch last weekend and were pleasantly surprised that, unlike almost every other establishment in the area, there was no wait whatsoever. The soft bluegrass music and primarily older crowd made for a rustic, laid-back atmosphere.
The food was very good, but the courses were quite pricey given their size. The baked Crab Mac & Cheese was a decadent start to our meal, with a thick, sharp sauce mixed in with a decent amount of lump crab. The Lox & Toast comes with a copious amount of arugula doused with a tasty citrusy vinaigrette. The house-cured salmon was mouth-watering, soft and buttery with a deep smokey flavor. There wasn't too much cream cheese caked on the toasted bread, which suited me just fine. My companions ordered the Eggs Benny and Crab Benny, respectively, which they enjoyed despite still being hungry at the end.
Brown Butter definitely knows their way around Southern staples, but I don't know if I was ready to spend $25 for brunch, especially given the ambiance leaves something to be desired.I love the brussel sprouts.  I took my SO here thinking he would enjoy it.  He is straight up MS  gulf coast bud lite born and raised.  I thought he would enjoy it as I did.  The food is amazing and the stuff more than accommodating.  He asked for the burger MR and mine well done.  The MR was too bloody.  The staff were professionals and friendly.  They apologized verbally, gave us a round on the house, and a coupon to come back which they didn't need to do.  I'll be back with friends!This place is so good! I've had lunch/dinner and brunch here! The beer and burger special is worth every brown penny! The breakfast bowl is amazing! I tried the apple jack stack today and it was delicious! I tell everyone about this place!I had a delightful experience at this charming little spot in Midcity. A friend recommended it, and I was so impressed with the outcome of the meal. The service was also impeccable. The server was attentive, but seemed to cue in to the fact that I was on a business dinner and did not hover. My business companion is a vegetarian and the chef made her a customized meal! He even came to the table to discuss her preferences and she said the food was perfect! To top it off, the atmosphere was pleasant and the plating was very aesthetically pleasing. I had the scallops, and I thoroughly enjoyed them! Yum!I'm sad that it took me so long to find this place. I had passed it many times and never felt like stopping in, this was a big mistake. The outside is very misleading, once inside you are welcomed by a very comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff. 
I have mostly gotten their carry out service, but always pick up myself so I can have a beer at the bar in the back. 
I have tried a few burgers an the different wings as well, haven't had a bad meal yet!! Also a big fan of the fried pickles, they are done very thin and with a light coating so they stay really crisp and flavorful, probably even better if eating in, but no complaints as they cooled. 
This is a great little gem in Mid City, and soon I have to make it for their brunch as I've heard great things about it as well.So much buyers remorse. We had the option of going here or subway. We thought "when in rome" since everything else was closed bc of hurricane Nate. Lack of communication on my servers part cost me a $5 side salad with water down dressing I couldn't eat. My chicken and eggs were severely over cooked on my chicken and waffle dish. $40 dollars for my boyfriend and I to realize we will never eat here again.