Soo good! Everything on the menu is delicious this place has really good food. Will deff go back for some more.We had to wait one and a half hours when they said thirty minutes and the service at the bar was bad. Our server was great which is why we actually have one star, The manager was very rude. All in all worst experience ever, never going back.We stopped here because it seemed easy with 2 kids in tow.  The food was typical chain restaurant food.  It was good but not a place to go if you're trying to get authentic New Orleans food.  I probably would have only given 3 stars but gave it 4 because the staff and service were excellent.  Our server was Thomas and he was great.  He made small talk with the kids and was very knowledgable about all dishes and drinks on the menu.  I love it when we go places and our drinks get refilled before we have to even ask.  Everyone from the hostess to the manager on duty was great.How can anybody truly give this restaurant a positive review?!?   I ordered a fish and chips meal, it was pathetic!  Two messily pieces of overcooked over battered fish and cold heavily salted/seasoned fries. Enough to choke a horse.  I've been had a this establishment.  Just walk on by.I don't know why this place doesn't have better reviews?! Seriously, it's a chain but they have crazy flavorful food here. The Shrimp New Orleans is insanely delicious and the net catch shrimp for an appetizer is a great way to start your meal (I prefer the Cajun shrimp but the garlic butter is on point as well - get half/half if you can't decide). 
If you can't decide on a local place to go to or the lines at Acme, Deanies, or wherever are too long, you can't go wrong with Bubba Gump!Bad service, but the best bloody mary I've ever had. It even comes with a cocktail shrimp on top. I'm drooling just thinking about it.We ate here about a year ago and gave it a second try. Other than the maze like setting to get in, the place is clean with good service. I didn't get tricked into getting a souvenir beer glass this time. I had the red beans and rice with fried chicken and the other person had shrimp and grits.
Both were very good, well prepared, hot and seasoned just right. The service was good without being a pain. We got our food quickly as well as our drinks.
I say just ignore the shop that sells misc things and eat.We dashed in here or of the heat and looking for some good food and we definitely found it!  The atmosphere was great and the kids had a blast also!  I had the steak and shrimp and it was great and my sis had the stuffed shrimp and loved it!  There wasn't any complaints at our table!  The stated was nice.  The only downfall is that the bathroom is two stories up!Service was great food was absolutely amazing. I tried to avoid "chain" places on my trip and finally caved in for this place. I completely regret not coming sooner. It was the best seafood I've ever had. I got the steampot which was a mixture of seafood in an amazing garlic and spice mix with corn and potatoes and I'm already planning my return visit. Also sampled the New Orleans shrimp (the dish with jasmine rice and a insanely delicious sauce) even the deserts are a home run. The bread pudding was like no bread pudding I've previously tried- it was amazing. 
The fact that the employees are extremely friendly made this the best meal I had in New Orleans this trip.Fun atmosphere, Bubba Gump themed restaurant. The food is good but it is just chain restaurant food, nothing special. The wait staff was very good and I had a fun drink that came in a souvenir yardstick type cup.Food was poor at best.  Had the Louisana shrimp and kids had ribs and pizza.  Both were barely edible.  First and last visit.Absolutely Amazingly GoooooD.. I had a childhood friend come in for a visit and we decided to take her Dad and our four kiddos here... The kids loved the place. (elevator to upper level)!! But also the decor was pretty cool.. Themed like the movie Forest Gump. We enjoyed the fried shrimp... And so did the little.. They also enjoyed their food was deliver in a cardboard boat!! How neat. 
Thank you Gump for a wonderful dinning experience.Great place opens to the shopping and has nummy food amazing staff and a very accommodating manager.To be in a garden of gastronomic delights like New Orleans and choose this place to eat, you'd have to be as simple-minded as Forrest Gump himself.Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. was a place we had not eaten at before. Decided why not.
The food was better than I might have expected. One in the party had Shrimp and Grits with the other getting Red Beans and Rice with Chicken. The chicken being a piece of fried chicken breast.
The shrimp and grits is more than the aforementioned ingredients. It has andouille, ham, onions, garlic and cajun spices. It was given a good rating, say a 4.5.
The red beans and rice has andouille and ham in with the main items. It was well seasoned. The fried chicken breast had a light coating that added to the chicken instead of overpowering the taste. The service inside the restaurant was attentive without bugging you.
One thing I didn't like was the deal about getting one of their glasses if you buy a larger beer. I don't want the glass but when I saw the bill I had paid for it.(see the menu).
We were there at a time when the place was mostly empty but there didn't seem to be anyone out front to take the diners back.
When leaving I asked if they had a bag or something to take home the glass I paid for. The lady out front was somewhat clueless. She asked for my receipt and I gave her my copy. She didn't seem to be a person who should be working with the public,I don't think this place is deserving of 1 or 2 stars, but you may have had a bad experience?
This is just a seafood place and isn't supposed to cater to those who want authentic Cajun food. Hello, it's a chain with a gift shop selling Forrest Gump souvenirs...?
The one thing that surprised me was how good their drinks/smoothies are. I had a drink once with a name like Lotsa Lava (?) and it was delicious! I got addicted and ended up trying them all on each visit back.
The coconut shrimp and spinach dip are good.
My friends and I came here a number of times. We always took volunteers here because it's affordable and the waiting staff is awesome. We used to get seated on the 2nd floor, which is less busy and much quieter.
I don't see much wrong with this place, other than the fact that it's not authentic Cajun food, but who ever said it was? That doesn't mean it should get crappy ratings. It's supposed to please tourists, so get over it!I usually do not - (try to NEVER) go to franchises BUT - we kind of just ended up here. The atmosphere was fun - quirky - I mean who doesn't love a Forrest Gump covered restaurant .... yea. 
Food was decent - I ordered a salad since nothing else seemed appetizing to me. Seylina was our server and was pretty nice. 
I don't have a hunger pain to go back but at least I can say I tried it.After some disapointments in the neighborhood, I tried Bubba Gumps.  It was on par with all of the Bubba's I have visited.  Its close to the water and drinks are good.  I had the Mahi Mahi.  I was happy with my dinner.  My husband had fish and chips.  He liked it too.Walked in off the street on a Friday afternoon with a group of 22.  No reservations.  Had immediate seating upstairs once we got it clarified we were not the large group WITH reservations.  After dragging the high schoolers out of the gift shop we were able to order.  The menu variety was a large reason we came.  Some wanted seafood some wouldn't touch it.  Everyone had a decent selection, even the finicky eaters.  About half left with a box of leftovers.  This was our "treat"  meal so wr let them order the souvenir goblets and way to much desert.  Staff was exceptional and took time to run a few rounds of Forrest Gump trivia.  Price averaged about $30/ head which included aforementioned goblets drinks and desert.   We'd go back if ever this way again.  Not sure how preteens or people who haven't seen the movie would understand the decor.
Would get another star if salads were served BEFORE the entree and desert AFTER. Everything was served at once.  Ice cream & hot day?Great location Not far from Jackson Square with balcony seating. Staff was friendly and quick to find us a table.  We sat upstairs with a great view of all the going ons down on Decatur street.  I haven't been to Bubba Gump's in 15 years!  They still have the Run Forrest Run &  Stop Forrest Stop signs for when you need the waitress or not.  General store located on the first level with t-shirts, hats, pens, toys, and of course boxes of chocolates. 
For an Appetizer we had seafood hush puppies, like no other puppie I've ever had before.  They were stuffed with shrimp, fish and corn served with a Remoulade dippin sauce.  Very delicious.  I ordered the skillet grilled salmon with mashed potatoes and veggies and it was so flavorful, full of juices.  Way better than I expected it.  Extremely mouth watering delicious.  The Mr. ordered the pear and berry salad with chicken and believe me he wished he had ordered what i did because I ended up sharing about half my succulent salmon with him.   Fun place to pop in for a drink at the patio/bar while walking Jackson square or for a family meal.  Great people and food. They are a part of the Landry's restaurant chain and they accept the Landry's select card. Earn those points to more rewards.The Tennessee tea was amazeballs! Our bartender was definitely heavy handed lol. The appetizer sampler was pretty good, so was the crawfish. They have signs on the table that flip so the staff will stop by when you need. The drinks and beer come with sovieneer glasses which is pretty coolThis was my first experience at a Bubba Gump's and I had a great time!  It was a Sunday night and not too busy, so we got to sit on the balcony by ourselves, with a cool breeze blowing and the sounds of street performers below.  Alyssa had no problem taking care of us even though the rest of her tables were inside.  We split a Forrest's Seafood Feast, which was more than enough for two, and never had to wait for drink refills.  She gave us a quiz on the movie after dinner and we passed with FLYING colors.  :)  All in all, it was a great part of my first night in New Orleans.Greeted at the door like were excited to see us! The food was great and our server Lorenzo was amazing. My first time eating at this chain. Definitely give it another go.This place is so nice!! You can see Forrest Gump's suit and Lt. Dan's uniform when you walk in. The waiter was hilarious!!! It was almost closing time and he sat with us and laughed!!! Love it!!! The food and service is worth going back.Good food, good drinks, good waitstaff. We all ordered the upside down corona in a margarita drinks and they were delicious. I got the jambalaya since I was in New Orleans and had never had it before. Not much to compare it to but I thoroughly enjoyed it.Dislike this chain with all my heart, having said that my SO was starving for catfish and we had just walked 6 miles so agreed to stop.  He ordered oysters, said they were a substitute for rubber.  I ordered the seafood hush puppies and thought I would order shrimp and then I realized I'm not drinking.
Nuff said, no magnet can draw me near to one of these again, neither can my spouse.
One waiter and our table was the only one with bodies so no service issues.Not my favorite location out of the 7 I've been to across the US. Food was cold and service was limited. Still hungry after my $20 plate. Atmosphere was dull. Overall miss this timeWe stopped for lunch before going to Jazz boat Cruz. The shrimp was delicious and the staff was friendly.Service from servers is good, but Monica the manager that answers the phone is really rude. Not accommodating, and likes to talk over people. Rushshaun the host was super helpful, and very patient!OMG I love this place! The shrimper's net catch and shrimp New Orleans are wonderful! Btw, the bartender is super cute!The location and atmosphere are really awesome and the pear and berries salad was to die for. However they didn't have diet coke or dr pepper, which sounds silly but it was a bummer for me. Also the service was horrible. I'm almost positive our waiter was on something.Our last night in NOLA we decided to have dinner at Bubba Gump Shrimp.  The hostess that greeted us was welcoming and quickly had us seated.  Our waiter, Carlton, was helpful answering our questioning pertaining to spice levels of different dishes and even gave us a few minutes of Forrest Gump movie trivia.  It is my favorite movie so that along with his friendly personality won me over instantly!  After our food was delivered to the table he came by several times to check to make sure everything was OK and if we needed anything else.  
I've been to other locations in various airports but the food here was better and so was the service.  I will definitely come back the next time I'm in New Orleans.It was my first time to N.O. so of course I HAD to try Bubba Gumps as there is not one near me. We went on an early Saturday evening and the entire staff (hosts, waiters, waitresses, bartenders and manager) were so very friendly, attentive and lively!
For appetizers, our table had the peel and eat shrimp and seafood hush puppies which were both good although I would have preferred more seafood in it. 
I had the Bucket of Boat Trash with lobster claws, fried fish and fried shrimp which was yummy! I ate it all except for the fries served with it. I had some type of Bubba Gump alcoholic beverage, the waiter said it was the strongest but I still would have preferred a little more liquor in it. 
To end the experience, we had the dessert sampler with chocolate chip sundae which was just OK, bread pudding which was good but a little dry and Mama's strawberry shortcake made with homemade biscuits which was SCRUMPTIOUS! Like only my big mama could make! :-))
And I couldn't leave without getting a cute T-shirt. 
Eat Up!Seriously, BEST service I've ever received at a restaurant. Talk about above and BEYOND. All I wanted was a Bloody Mary. I have been scouring the city for in my opinion, is the best Bloody Mary. What I found here was the best Bloody Mary yet but it was only missing one thing (again, in my option) olives! I love olives. Sean Mapes and Jeremy Duncan made it their personal mission to get me olives. I thought it was a joke but when they came back with a giant jar of olives I couldn't believe it. They went around to the neighbors to get me olives! 
My Bloody Mary was complete, they both continued to provide is with excellent service and we had an excellent time at Bubba Gump Shrimp. They gave me a cup, and I couldn't even eat olive em'! HahahaSo much better in so many places. Like your friend who cam back from france and can suddenly tell you all about the frenchiest wine and food.We had a great lunch experience at Bubba Gump!   First of all get Teddy as your waiter. He is quite entertaining and tries to stump you with some great Forrest Gump trivia.  Be sure to look around before you sit down for clues!
The little one had the little shrimp bucket appetizer with Cajun seasoning. She likes it hot and the 2/3 lb hit the spot!
I had the pear and berry salad with shrimp instead of chicken.  The hubby had the Jinny's Catch, tilapia over mashed potatoes with a side of grilled shrimp.  
I recommend the strawberry/mango secret lemonade.  It comes with a light up cup.  Perfect was to cool down in the over 90 degree heat. 
The food was great and we had fun!Great food, great service!!!!!! This will be a favorite spot whenever I visit new Orleans...the shrimp and grits entree is the best I've had so far. The entire place is full of energy, good food, good drinks, and also a great place for kids to eat!!!Its a typical bubba gump, chain seafood, my burger was a little too rare and the food overall was ok. First we had a greeter that paged us and they let us stand there for a while, they sat another couple and then forgot he paged us.  Then they lead us up backstairs and we got  yelled at by kitchen guys not to walk up that way  even though our waitress was taking us that way. So eh on the food and initial experience, which is why i gave it 3 stars, but I would give it 5 for just our waitress kniki, she Was spectacular! She had us laughing and enjoying every minute of our time there from sit down to leaving. So for ambiance it was worth every minute.Wonderful staff, good food, great atmosphere in New Orleans!! My kids loved the experience. I hope to go again while on another adventure.This place was delicious! It was the first restaurant I ate at while I was in New Orleans. Not only are the meals delicious, but so are the drinks. You can even get one in a souvenir glass. The staff is friendly and the manager always comes by to say hello. While I waited, the waitress entertained me with Forrest Gump trivia. Boy, did I fail miserably! I guess it's been a long time since I've seen the movie! Luckily, Forrest Gump played on TV each night of our stay. I sure know everything about Forrest Gump now!
Bubba Gump is a really extraordinary restaurant. The atmosphere is friendly and I truly enjoyed my time there. I would definitely eat there again. I recommend this to everyone!Not impressed, appetizer came out after the meal. My daughters order was in 2 parts and my burger was undercooked.I didn't really know what to expect other than a Forrest Gump themed seafood restaurant.  Turns out that's pretty much all I should have expected. The food was OK.
I would not recommend the peel and eat or popcorn shrimp, as neither were cleaned properly.  The hush puppies, fried chicken and the veggie burger on the other hand were delicious! 
But the service was WEIRD. 
Our server was all over the place. He kept forgetting stuff, took our ap order and then took our menus without asking for our entrees, once we had ordered, he came back to ask (twice!) what entrees we wanted, was shouting at the other server working in the area, made a couple of very strange jokes and then came and grilled us on FG trivia while we were eating. Very Very strange. They also completely took apart a booth to find a guy's phone in the area we were in. Our server stared at that for a while and then came back to us to make fun of them. 
Very...very odd.We had an excellent fresh waiter. He was eager to please and did. My husband had the shrimp etouffe which was wonderful.  I had a salad with fried shrimp and a cup of gumbo. It was the perfect lunch. My husband played a little gump trivia. We would recommend this as a nice stop.We decided to play it smart and call ahead for reservations. Was told an hour wait. Not a big deal we understand this place is right in the heart of tourists central. We get there about an hour after we called expecting to be sat shortly. We stand there in line for about 30 minutes. A waiter walks up and tells us, you don't have to stand around you can go walk around and shop we will call you when it's time. I said yes I understand that. We called an hour 30 mins ago and was told about an hour. So I am certain it's about our turn shortly. We do finally get sat down to order. We get sat I. The back part where there were several completely empty tables.  I look at the adjacent wall, where 4 servers are just leaning against the wall. So I already got an issue of course. Why the long wait with many empty tables and many staff not working. 
We order onion strings and a sampler platter. After 40 mins our apps arrive. Of course 5 mins after apps come main dish. The food was ok at best. After about 3 mins we noticed they forgot my baby girls mac and cheese... (NOT HOMEMADE). They say sorry and run back to the back to get it ready. 5 minutes later that mac and cheese is done and my baby is good to go.Save your money!!! Slow service to go with slow restaurant. Food cold, seafood dry and hard, missing items on check... not worth the money. Gumbo Pot across the street was way better and cheaper.Food portions were really small and overpriced. Spinach artichoke dip appeared to be really wilted and had a greyish tint to it. It was clearly microwaved. Waiter however, was very prompt and courteous. Overall I wish I had dined elsewhere. The waiter was the silver lining when it should've been the food.Had a bit of a wait but the food and service was amazing. Our waiter, Brent, was attentive and helpful with the menu and knowledgeable about the items they had available. The food was delicious and came out in a timely manner.Great place a little different then the normal bubba gumps...  Great food would come back again.  Great bartender very clean.. Sat right in the front facing on decatur street..Service and food were great. Alfonso was our waiter and always had our cups filled. Got to see a parade while we were sitting on the balcony having dinner. Harold the GM stopped by to say hi. Very friendly and accommodating. Will definitely be back4 out of 5 stars, mainly because of our friendly server. Food was pretty good but nothing to scream about. Definitely isn't a bad place to go for a simple meal.I give this place zero stars.  I have worked in food service for 10 years - I ordered two 20oz draft beers during a happy hour that listed 16oz beers for $3.50.  When we got our ticket, they charged us $12.75 per 20oz beer = $25.50.  I talked to the manager and said this was unreasonable, at least drop it down to charge us two pints a piece ($15 total).  I told her I would not tip the server, which sucks.  She said she would take care of the server and there was nothing she would do.  Only after telling our server we would walk out with out paying our tab would they fix our tab.  What a joke.  DO NOT EAT HERE.  WORST SERVICE OF MY LIFEThe food was good. We stopped in for lunch and the portions were plenty. The waitress was very nice and accommodating. Enjoyed and would definitely return if in the area again.We ended up having the shrimp sizzler for an appetizer and a gulf shriimp dish for the main course. They also server the food with lots of bread, which was fairly soft and not hard as heck, along with some potatoes. The food was good, but pretty greasy. We enjoyed most of it, but after a while it felt like we could die of heart attacks. It's not the best place to eat in that area if you are visiting New Orleans. Check out Cafe Du Monde, which is right next door and very famous.We just had to stop in here during our visit to NOLA. We both absolutely love the movie Forrest Gump.
We shared a cup of Mama Blue's Shrimp Gumbo for $5.29 and washed it down with a refreshing Rhythm and Booze alcoholic beverage for $11.49. The price of the cocktail included a fun souvenir stemware to take home. Discover is an accepted form of payment. Stupid is as stupid does.
I particularly liked the metal license plates that we were in control of to signal whether or not we were in need of assistance. Made it easy to have a conversation with each other without being constantly interrupted.PATRICK  the manager is a huge jerk! What a terrible person to have to work for, those poor people ! A waiter made a mistake and told me I could turn in my receipt, which I had an alcoholic beverage on it for a free souvenir (so I was under the impression). The very gracious lady at the register told me that the waiter accidentally got it wrong and handled the situation accordingly. However, Patrick felt it was necessary to come over and get involved. Patrick rudely let me know I was not going to be getting a souvenir. As a tourist, I could care less about your souvenir because I had this thing called money in my purse, which you will not be getting ever again! This is how this establishment operates? Do not give Patrick your business or hard earned coins. Food was good, had the fried chicken but it's not good enough for me to ever visit again.Good prices, OK service from servers, but poor wait on food time. The food is just OK, worth the price. First off the host was friendly. The server was very nice and kept us intertained by asking us a lot of trivia questions about the Forest Gump movie. But after 45 min wait time on the food, and one angry husband. ;) Wink wink... We decided we would not come back. My 4 year old loved his meal but rhe kraft mack amd cheese was over cooked.It saddens me to write a bad review but I cannot tell a lie.  I was sorely sorely  disappointed with my experience at Bubba Gumps. My food was cold and unfortunately my appetizer nor my entree was correct. I didn't ask for anything too complicated...all I wanted was my salad dressing on the side.   The waitress was very nice but nice just couldn't compensate for the less than mediocre meal. The reviews did a good job describing this place but I was with a large group of people so I went along to be with the group.  Unfortunately only 2 out of the 20 people I was with actually enjoyed their food.  Because of the large group, they broke us up into two table....which was fine.   We couldn't believe that it took table 2 an additional THIRTY minutes to get their food after we were served ours.  My entire table of 8 people was done with our meal and ready to leave before the other table was even served.  THEN several of the orders on that table were incorrect and had to be sent back.  I doubt I will ever try another Bubba Gump's again :-(Went here street getting fed up about all the lines everywhere else. We ate on the roof deck....a little dark, with minimal lights. I had the steak and surprisingly good. The wait staff was really friendly. The reast of my party had various fish entries and all loved it. Cute place, nothing to write home about.Delightful place.  Musings from Forrest Gump scattered around.  Went about 6 pm no waiting.  Ordered the Shrimp New Orleans and it was delicious.  Also had a house salad.  It was served on a chilled plate and the salad was fresh and crisp.  I would eat here again!This is about as good as it gets to get seafood or any great meal in New Orleans. Friendly staff, If you can get in.. As expected crowds always follow the good eating so bring some patience with you for this one. And no Tom Hanks does not own this place.We were exciting to finally eat at a bubba gump shrimp, waiting fifteen minutes we decided to nicely get up and when we were approached we declined to eat there. Very disappointedThis was my first visit to Bubba Gump's shrimp in New Orleans. I was extremely excited to just visit and of course to taste the food. We arrived a few minutes late because of traffic anf trying to navigate and park was a slight challenge but we did call the restaurant to let them know and was immediatley told thatbyou habe 5 mins to get here or we are canclling your reservation. Now I travelled with a large group, we habe pre pick out our food and paid in full in adavnce. Once we finally arrived to the place we immediately  began to catch attitude from what I am assuming would be the manager or the head person in charge. Granted there were a lot of orders however some of the orders weren't made correctly. We brought it to the attention of not only the waitress but also the manager and he immediately copped an attitude and said well we won't have time to remake your food so you can eat it right now you'll just have to eat it to go. Wow really is that how you treat a customer or customers. If it wasn't for my waitress my entire evening would have totally sucked. PS my waitress was from turkey and she was awesome. So needless to say I'll never visit back at this establishment  at this location againI've had worst food, just the price doesn't match quality.  $22 dollars I expect my food presentation to be nice and taste to be great.  I would say my meal should have cost around $12.  If it was price correctly,  then my expectations would have matched.  The food was not bad just not worth the heavy price tag.Absolutely the worst experience ever! Raw raw raw potatoes and carrots in my dish. Hmmm... how am I supposed to eat raw red potatoes????? Boyfriend's steak dish was mediocre. 1 star for nice server. Skip it!!!!People say Cafe Du Monde is touristy.  That was fun. This was kind of annoying.  It was the off season and there was no one else upstairs so the server was constantly annoying us.  Even though our sign said Run Forrest Run which means we dont need anything.  He was really pushing us to drink and as we had a long night the night before that was annoying.  I had the coconut shrimp which was good and the beer was good. The server did take a couple of nicely set up pictures for us, but waaaaayyy overpriced.  Id like to give this place 3 stars, but just cant do it.'Dear God, make me a bird, so I can fly... fly far, far away from here.'  Yes, Jenny, my sentiments exactly.
Aww, but it's not so bad.  It's mostly a restaurant for entertainment.  We are not expecting Emeril to drop a signature etoufee on the table, or for a peaux-boy like Dooky Chase, now are we?  
I loved the movie, and all the trivia & trinkets associated with the cast.  I love shrimp, almost as much as Bubba.  Whenever we would visit family here in my youth, I would order shrimp at Bubba Gump's because I just had to.  It's not memorable, but it wasn't bad either.  I knew that I went to Copeland's if I wanted a dinner I could talk about the next day.   I went to Bubba Gump's to have fun - kind of like a Planet Hollywood experience.  
When you visit, stop in and check it out for yourself.  I would go back, but probably more for the drinks than the food.Locale che fa parte di una catena che prende il nome dal film di Forrest Gump. Esteticamente un posto molto 'american style', al limite del ridicolo se vogliamo, dove puoi anche comprare dei souvenir (tipo Hard Rock Cafè).
Il cibo però era buono!
Abbiamo preso un piatto di gamberi in varie cotture come antipasto e un piatto di pesce (mahi mahi) con riso cajun decisamente buono (molto speziato e piccante, ma ottimo al palato).
Un posto che ho consigliato a diverse persone che si sono tutte trovate bene, anche per la simpatia del luogo.
Peccato la lentezza del servizio comune a quasi tutti i locali di New Orleans..So I have never been to any Bubba Gump's before but I have always wanted to try it out! We got to BG's a little late but 2-3 hours before they close so the food should have been fresh. I ordered the "Forest's Feast," it was a good amount of food but the food was cold, not fresh and tastes like it had been sitting under a heating lamp. My date ordered the Jenny's Catch it was also unimpressive, cold, un fresh. I also really wanted some sweet tea but they were out of sugar I suppose, our waiter just said they had "there is sugar on the table." Over all our service here was pretty good they were very prompt at refilling our drinks and checking on us. My biggest complaint was the food being 'lack luster,' and cold. I would try it again during prime hours!Great restaurant! My family had a very enjoyable time here, and the service was awesome! Our waiter was very friendly and very attentive to our needs. The atmosphere was really great, and if you are a Forrest Gump fan, I definitely recommend it. My family split an order of the Seafood Hush Pups, and they were perfect, they also game with a tangy mayo-like sauce that was delicious. My dad got the Red Beans and Rice which came with a large piece of fried chicken, he said that it was awesome. My mom got the I'm Stuffed Shrimp, which she loved and I got the 1/2 Lb. All American BBQ Cheeseburger, which was perfectly cooked and amazing. I definitely recommend stopping by, on your next visit to New Orleans.Just had to eat there once during our trip!  Cute decor all about the movie!  Food was tasty.  Service was great!  It's Bubba Gump, you gotta go!Great location, terrible service, decent food. Four adults and two kids who went on on rainy Monday for dinner. We arrived around 5:15, there was a 20 minute wait, despite there being several open tables. It took way too long to get our food and even longer to get a drink from the bar. Our server was nice, but not very personable and he didn't come back for Forest Gump trivia like he had mentioned he would. I know that some people come to BG for the background and ties to the movie, but there are MUCH better seafood places in the FQ for seafood and drinks.Remember Bubba's endless list of how to best cook your shirmps?
Well, forget ALL about that!!!
I do believe that each and all that set foot in the restaurant (and, that includes me) secretly know that this place is just a franchise tailored around gadgets sales (much like hard rock and other establishments).
Bubba Gump is just that... a place to reminiscent about a great movie, a magistral performance from Tom Hanks and... not much else. If you want AMAZING NOLA food (gumbo, gator bites, po'boys and shrimps galore), do NOT come here. Whereas,  if you feel like having a dinner (or lunch) in the midst of FORREST GUMP movie/memorabilia. .. go ahead.
Tye staff is super, duper friendly (a itsy bitsy TOO eager to please... but, having worked for tips as a waitress i know that's their livelihood). But, amazong food it is not. ..
I was far more impressed by the gift shop!On my first trip ever to New Orleans, of course I had to try Bubba Gump Shrimp Co! Everyone greeted us and was very welcoming. They explained how to use their "run Forrest run" sign, which I thought was a neat idea and took our order right away. The servers did Forrest Gump trivia with us and told us jokes. The food was very good. We ordered Cajun shrimp and onion rings for appetizers which were good, my entree was the red beans and rice with fried chicken. It was full of flavor and the red beans had a little kick to them! It also happened to be my friends birthday, so when we told our server this, he gathered the other servers, made her stand up, sang a song and made her shake her bum! So funny! All in all I had a great experience and would definitely go back!I can only provide this occasion with a two-star rating. I celebrated my birthday in New Orleans the weekend of the French Festival, and the service was not as good as I expected. I say this because the place is dedicated to the movie Forrest Gump, starring Tom Hanks! They have the decor up to par...five stars there! The waitress suggested that we not try the jambalaya, stating everyone sends it back. Bad move on her part, because that is exactly what my friend wanted on our last day in town. We nicely got up and left. Found a spot nearby, sad case.HORRIBLE service.  It took 15 minutes to be acknowledged and another 10 to get a glass of water.  The waiter appears to have no more than 5 tables and is being super chatty with them.  While we're normally good tippers, his will be a line through "gratuity" and a conversation with his manager.  Hopefully the food is decent....still waiting on that.We were in town for Mardi Gras,, so it was extremely busy. We didn't wait too long for a table though, our server was great, extremely helpful. The food was outstanding, great atmosphere too. I highly recommend.Good little place for some quick and easy food. Loved the concept and theme of the Forest Gump concept and sure you will as well. Beverage list is quite extensive and menu item is standard but has flair. Give it a try and hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Cheers.Good staff as well as food
Our group of 40+ folks were treated to an enjoyable dinner recently by the pleasant and talented staff at Bubba Gump's. These folks know how to take care of large groups. Although they knew ahead that we were coming, they were prepared and got everyone seated and served in short time. The lead Server engaged the group in trivia about the movie, "Forrest Gump" - with prizes. A large number of our group knew the answers and took part. 
After getting the food and drink orders (the food choices had been called in the day before), everyone was served and most enjoyed their food - including the "Bubba Gump Shrimp". I had "Bubba's Accidental Chicken" and it was moist, tender and tasty, but a bit limited on the amount of chicken and rice; the Tilapia came with 2 slices. If you haven't had the pleasure, but are coming to New Orleans (or even live nearby), be sure to put Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. on your list of places to eat while you're there.We have been in New Orleans for 5 days.  This is the worst service that we have had.  Took forever to get our food.   They were out of several items on the menu.  Do not eat hereFood does not taste like New Orleans foods at all. It was bland with no flavor, look at all the food that we didn't eat (we were very hungry when we went).The service was poor. There is no reason the waitress did pick up the stack of plates, she stopped at the table 5 times after we stacked them.Not like other locations. Wait was a little long as staff kept looking at us like they hoped someone else would welcome us. When the server grabbed the silverware and was walking us to our table, a knife slipped out and fell to the floor. That happens, no biggie, but then it is put on the table with the fork and napkin like nothing happened. One fork had to have stuck on food removed before use.
During the time we were there our server checked on us often to make sure we were ok. The food came out quickly and was hot and fresh and as ordered.  We even had entertainment as several of the servers were fighting over who got which tables. At the end they brought a manager over and they joined the argument. 
We felt like we made a bad choice and should have went with a local establishment.Bubba Gump Shrimp. Nationally known from the famous movie Forrest Gump. This place is very touristy. Kinda like a seafood version of the Cracker Barrel. The food is good but nothing special, especially considering all of the fine choices surrounding the place.  We stopped to scratch it off my fiancés list. We were looking for a quick bite after a night of drinking. The bartender was helpful and understanding of her condition. The food was good and we were able to take it to go.One of the best meals we had in New Orleans.Too bad it was our last day
.The service was attentive and not overbearing.The food was cooked well.The portions were large.You could tell the management and staff cared.The prices were reasonable.Great food lots of sights. But pretty high. $20 for 5 fried shrimps 4 hush puppies and 4 fish chips.So my first trip to NOLA and we stopped here to grab a bite to eat that wasn't in an overly congested area... our server finally showed up about 10 mins after being there, we asked for a min to view the menu since we we're getting the kids settled, he didn't return until 15 mins AFTER we had placed our order with some nasty behaved server who asked so kindly "What do you want?!?!"... wow! Then our food comes out COLD which I ordered Shrimp New Orleans with dried out rice & stale bread that I could carve wood with and again our server disappears don't see him till we are finished eating.  Food was eh and service was nonexistent. Thanks for an overpriced cold lunch... will never ever return here again.It was awful.  My friend ordered fish and chips and the fish was a white fish from New Zealand.  Really, the gulf is just around the corner and you couldn't find ANY white fish there.  I didn't want a full meal so I ordered the shrimp shack mac and cheese.  I swear it was boxed mac and cheese with bread crumbs and frozen shrimp.  With all the restaurants in the area, go somewhere else.Way better than the Times Square location. 
We got there at a weird time, in between breakfast and lunch, so it was really empty. Our waiter was really funny and entertaining, which was surprising considering he said he only slept 2 hours the night before. 
The Bloody Mary is out of this world delicious and comes with perfectly cooked shrimp in the glass. We ordered the shrimp mac and cheese, calamari, and the Cajun shrimp. So delicious. The mac and cheese would have been better without the shrimp, but the Cajun shrimp was so tasty, and so was the garlic bread that came alongside it. 
If you've never been to a Bubba Gump before, I'd suggest this location!Came with two others to dine here tonight. We were seated upstairs right away then escorted to our table. The hostess laid the menus on the table in a pile with loose forks on top and napkins and walked off as if she was too busy to dispense the items she placed there. The waiter was bubbly... Drinks and appetizer came out fine although they were out of stuffed mushrooms. The staff entertained another table with a birthday song. After waiting about 30 minutes after the appetizer arrived the waiter finally stops by and says that he forgot to place our order. He asks would we like courtesy salads or gumbo. We decide on salads since he said the food would be out in about 10-15 minutes. Another 15 minutes pass... No food, no salads. Waiter is MIA. We decide to leave at this point. We ask another waiter for our waiter. He disappears looking for him and a manager and never returns. We wait another few minutes before walking downstairs. Every worker we had previously seen was now MIA. The manager is on the register in the shop area while our waiter, two girls and a chef are all on a huddle discussing us which is confirmed when they say, "that's them right there." We ask for the manager again. He never addresses us or makes eye contact. He's too busy on the register. Bare in mind that the restaurant was extremely slow. By no means did the establishment look understaffed. When we arrived and were seated there were only 2-3 other tables with 2 waiters. The fact that the manager never addressed us himself was insult to injury. The waiter finally apologizes and after a few moments says that his manager is just going to handle it and to not worry about it. We left at that point but hesitant because what type of establishment can thrive with such poor customer service especially from a manager!? As someone who has worked in the restaurant industry as a waiter and as a retail manager and now in healthcare, I can say that anyone can have a bad day, but that's usually a busier day. Regardless of the mistakes made, we would have appreciated an official apology from the manager instead of being abandoned and just shown the door. Although I have heard so much hype about this restaurant, I won't be returning. One can further make the observation that with all the other guests being treated better and being Caucasian that a certain mentality was carried in this establishment. Myself and my guests are very good tippers and although that may not mean much now, it will mean much when the word is spread about this place.I love Bubba Gumps and if I travel to a city that has one I have to have a meal there. They are always consistently awesome but the one here in New Orleans was so hospitable. All of the employees were beyond friendly and accommodating and the manager was great!! We will be back before our vacation is over :-) thanksMy husband brought me here for my birthday dinner. I wasn't all that excited at the prospect because it was a chain restaurant and I felt that living in NOLA we had much better places to eat. I gave in and I am so glad I did!  The food was amazing, everything from appetizers to desert. I mean just truly good food. Our waiter was just the nicest man and we received excellent service. The atmosphere and decor was really nice and interesting if you've ever seen the movie Forest Gump. I look forward to visiting again.Good service- good food! I had Forest's feast. The fish wasn't over breaded. The shrimp were a good size. My only complaint is that you get mostly fries for the almost $20 price.Usually do not make a trip to New Orleans without stopping in here.  Wait time was only about 5 minutes, so that was good.  First, they have Pepsi products, which I understand Dr.Pepper isn't a part of. . but I'm fairly certain in the past I've ordered it before.  However, this time they did not have Dr.Pepper. . which begs the question. . how are you going to have a Forest Gump based restaurant without Forest Gump's favorite drink?!
For the food, it was a 2/3 success.  I got the Dumbluck coconut shrimp which was fantastic.  Another member of my party got a chicken sandwich which was great.  Our third person in the party ordered a hamburger "medium-well", when we got the food the burger was actually more of a "medium-rare" as the center of the meat was pink and raw.  Our party member didn't ask to return it because we had just ran the Crescent City Classic 10K and were hungry . . and the food we did get took about 50 minutes to come out, which was another con to this visit.
While I've had more good experiences here than bad, I would definitely go for a better food stop if you're in New Orleans.  The prices are rather steep and the service is a hit or miss.Le cadre est sympa la cuisine plutôt bonne à voir pour la décoration dédier à forest gump.Food wasn't good.  100 better places to eat in New Orleans than here.  Also, waitress didn't speak English so that wasn't easy.
Very pricy for not very good food.It's a chain. What can you expect? For what I expected it was ok. The garlic peel and eat shrimp are really good. Do NOT order the cajun flavor, it doesn't taste cajun, and it leaves your fingers red. 
I also had the coconut shrimp. Eh....I've had better. I would try something else.
The drinks are good. I ordered the Mango Lada, delicious. We came back that evening and both had one.Ok service. The food was pricey for such small servings, and the drinks are not worth the $$. The waitress was friendly, however her only down fall was she stood at our table and talked the whole time we were eating. ( seriously who wants to play trivia when their food arrives! Time to cut it short!)Service was good and the gumbo was delicious. It was one of the better gumbo I had in the French quarter area. Their drinks and shrimp also delicious as well. Even though it's a chain, their gumbo is one of my favorite.Service was excellent. Make sure you ask for Brittany when you dine. He was spectacular. Meal was fantastic, for the price.  If you are looking for something quick and easy you'll find it here.  Oh and brush up on your Forest Gump trivia you'll be asked.Never again! We go to Bubba Gump all the time in Chicago. Stopped here on vacation and it was awful! We stopped in for lunch on a Monday and it was dead. The servers were cute, but that's it! After an hour I walked out. We ordered fish and chips and the kids ordered crabs. We asked twice when the food was coming and they were like "Going to check now." Don't eat here. Many more options that don't take an hour to get your food.Pricey but not super tasty. Had a few moments of Mmm but not enough to warrant a return. The gump theme was neat. I had 4 styles of shrimp. Not a lot of bang out flavor, sauces were ok. Again, I've had better but I had to try it out.My husband & I went here for lunch.  We ordered the spicy garlic shrimp for an appetizer...it was really good!....and spicy.  I ordered the spicy grilled chicken sandwich with french fries.  The fries were good, sandwich not so good.  First of all, it wasn't really spicy at all, and they only gave me 1 tiny little piece of bacon on it, and the chicken itself was so thin, that I didn't even eat the bun or I wouldn't have know there was any chicken in the middle....it was easily less that 1/4 inch thick.  Very disappointing.  My husband had red beans & rice, and he seemed to really enjoy it.  
Service:  Not so good.  The hostess (as she was seating us) said she would bring us some water, but she never did.  She explained the 2 different signs (Run Forest Run, and Stop Forest Stop).  Stop means you need something, and run means you're good.  After we were seated for about 5 - 7 minutes, a server finally stopped to take our order (even with our Stop Forest Stop sign on the whole time).  She only  took our drink & appetizer order though.  10 minutes later our drinks (tea & beer) & app finally arrived....still no water though.  I had to go to the bar and ask the bartender if he could please get me a glass of water.  Another server came over to take our lunch order after we were about 1/2 done with the app.  So needless to say, we waited a good 25 - 30 for our lunch to come out.  
Bottom line:  food is good (expect chicken sandwich), and service is VERY slow.  Might go back, but would rather check out other places first.I think that the movie references are more of a draw than the food. My son loves the memorabilia and quotes from the movie. The food was okay, but not outstanding especially for the price.I had a great time and the wait wasn't long at all. The food was good. The crab stuff mushrooms needed just a little salt to them. They were a little bit bland but my entree was AWESOME!Outstanding shrimp! I Had both the shrimp cocktail and the Bubba Gump Shrimp Dinner. So fresh it felt like they went out back and caught the shrimp. 
Wife had the Mac and cheese with shrimp and loved it. 
Our server was Brent and he was excellent.This place is a must while you're in New Orleans. Their mango mojito was tasty and for lunch I had the shrimp & rice with a cup of gumbo. The gumbo was good but my main dish needed more seasoning. The service was good and our waiter & the manager were friendly.I never would have come here on my own because I don't care for shrimp, but I came with some friends and they have the best mushroom veggie burgers ever. Friendly staff, will go again soon.So good!!! Loved the Lt. Dan Pomegranate drink and the Louisiana lemonade!!! Awesome atmosphere and great service!! Will definitely come back!!I'm generally not a fan of chains. They tend to pander to the least common denominator, presenting fairly bland food prepared in uninteresting ways.
Bubba Gump, at the edge of the French Quarter, breaks that mold rather nicely. My wife and I remembered eating here 13 years ago, and we just visited again - I'm happy to say that the quality of both food and service is still pretty top-notch. 
This is a restaurant dedicated to shrimp - it's right in the name of the place, so don't anticipate you'll be coming in to eat anything else. They know how to prepare shrimp, and it's presented in a lot of different ways, all of them appetizing. My wife ordered the Shrimpers Heaven: coconut shrimp, tempura shrimp and regular ol' fried shrimp provide a whole lot of deep-fried goodness (there's french fries to boot - and they're actually crispy, not the usual over-sized, soggy monstrosities that too many places pass off). The shrimp are all big - especially the coconut and tempura - and there's a variety of sauces for dipping. Never enough sauce, mind you - but they are pretty tasty. In an effort to keep our arteries from clogging on the spot, there's also spiced, boiled shrimp...but honestly, those seemed a little bland in the face of all that fabulous breading.
I got the classic shrimp and grits - which also includes ham, andouille, and a lot of spices in a creamy sauce over a big plate of grits. I'm kind of a late convert to grits, but have learned to appreciate them more as not only a breakfast cereal, but also a main dish starch. Here, they fulfill that latter role beautifully. This dish just wouldn't taste right over mashed potatoes or rice; the grits add just the right texture for the spicy sauce.
Service is excellent - our waiter was attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. Yeah, there's a whole "Forrest Gump" theme to the place that the wait staff are trained to play along with, but it's no big deal if you couldn't make it through more than 20 minutes of the film (my wife) or never bothered trying in the first place (me). We were there for the food, and the food was pretty damned good.
One side note - as a chain, this one does have significant differences from location to location. I'd eat at this location again in a heartbeat. The one in NYC is best appreciated from the outside - as you pass by in search of better grub.This was the first restaurant I went to on my visit to New Orleans. In my opinion, the food wasn't that great. The mussels and clams were small and overcooked, but it wasn't the worst that I've had either. I liked how they had a small movie trivia session. However, what ticked me off was that they had the door wide open on a cold day in December, and I asked one of the servers to close the door in which they only closed halfway. They told me that they couldn't close it all the way because it was a fire hazard. I don't understand the logic or reasoning of it, but I was cold and uncomfortable from the moment I sat down until the time I left the restaurant.Stopped in for lunch. Steamed crab legs, peel n eat shrimp in Cajun seasoning, fried fish platter, hamburger, and dessert sampler, we're all delicious. Our server Lucius was super cool. Made for a great dining experience.I came here with a group of 50 and the service was terrible...bread was supposed to come with the salad but there wasn't enough bread for everybody..refills came with the drinks but the staff never refilled our drinks...the bill was given to us before our desert was brought out...I complained to the manager but he just said the desert was on the way...we called in 24 hours in advance so the restaurant should have been readyAwesome server ! Very delicious meals. Great value , quick in and out to continue our evening !I actually love the food here.... Shrimp New Orleans and Jambalaya are awesome but my fav is good ol shrimp-n-grits.... Soooo goodI hate leaving bad reviews but this place was not very good. Service was bleh. And the food was not very good. I've been to multiple bubba gumps before and they were great but this one really disappointed me.Horrible service mediocre food. Stopped in for a late dinner. The place wasn't that busy however the wait time on our food was ridiculous. I called the manager and asked him what was wrong and the dude start copping an attitude. I had to check him and let him know we saw a few tables come in after us and get served before us and we were  just asking what the hold up was. All we ordered was one seagood platter. His reaction was totally uncalled for. According to the waitstaff he's a jerk and he certainly demonstrated that behavior. Needless to say we left and ate somewhere better. The manager's name is PATRICK.Food was good, wait staff could of been friendlier but over all not a bad place to grab a quick bite.Had the stuffed shrimp with the frozen mango strawberry drink. Absolutely amazing! Had to go back before I left the city. Not only is the food amazing but the experience was great. They play a Forrest Gump trivia that is sure to entertain you. We enjoyed our server Spencer. He was very helpful and knowledgable of the menu! Loved this place and loved him. It's location is also perfect. If you go to New Orleans you have to stop by and eat here!We were looking for a place to eat and my friends from MS seemed excited about this place.  The ambiance is very memorable and makes it a fun place to dine at.
It was about 2PM on a Saturday afternoon, and we waited only very briefly in line, where the hostess asked us trivia questions about the movie.  We then were led upstairs to a table and given instructions on how to call down servers, etc.
The drink menu was expensive, but probably in line with nicer place in New Orleans.  The food menu was even MORE EXPENSIVE, and, although the food is good, the quality doesn't justify such high prices.  The portion sizes weren't that large either.  I had Salmon & Veggie Skillet.  Other friends had some meat dish with very well-seasoned red bean.
The food is, once again, fine, but the place is just way too expensive.Went in for a quick dinner! I got the berry and pear salad and my boyfriend got the shrimp, mahi mahi trio. The portion wasn't too great but the food was yummy and our server made it the best. Hadise is super tentative, sweet and made our dinner enjoyable.The service stunk. We waited quite a while to receive our drinks and then for our food. We then asked for tartar sauce and waited 10 minutes for that and when our waitor came back he forgot we asked for sauce. Also, the floor manager was extremely bosy and rude to her employees talking to them like trash. That was ridiculous. However I ordered mamas fried blue shrimp it was good nice and crunchy, the fries weren't too great though. Overall I would give them a 2.5/3 out of 5...best try some place else.This place was great. This is definitely a place to stop by when you are in New Orleans. Since this one was so good we plan on stopping at some of the other Bubba Gumps around the country during our travels.We stopped to eat here partly because of the name/theme, and because we were having a hard time picking a place to eat dinner (our main requirement was simply somewhere with seafood).  They sat us on the balcony, which offered a nice view of Decatur Street as the sun went down.
The two of us split the Bourbon Street Mahi Mahi and the "I'm Stuffed" Shrimp. Both were delicious, although I think we both agreed the mahi mahi was the favorite because of that bourbon sauce. Yum. I didn't check the gift shop to see if they sold it by the gallon; if they don't, they should!
Overall, it was a fun place to relax for a little while, play some Forrest Gump trivia with the server & the table next to us, and enjoy the decor.We have one of these back home in Florida. It is one of our favorites that we constantly go back to. However this experience was horrible. The waiter was extremely rude. The food was not as good as normal. I had the salmon and rice which was extremely bland tasting.  The spinach was wilted and undercooked. My grandmother ordered the Jenny's tilapia and said it was heavily salted. The only reason it got two stars was because of the friendly wait staff. This was truly a horrible experience and I will be glad to get better food and service at the one in Florida.I've been craving the Louisiana shrimp with jasmine rice for months.... Glad to get it tonight in New Orleans!  This location has great balcony dining!We had a great lunch experience at Bubba Gump!   First of all get Teddy as your waiter. He is quite entertaining and tries to stump you with some great Forrest Gump trivia.  Be sure to look around before you sit down for clues!
The little one had the little shrimp bucket appetizer with Cajun seasoning. She likes it hot and the 2/3 lb hit the spot!
I had the pear and berry salad with shrimp instead of chicken.  The hubby had the Jenny's Catch, tilapia over mashed potatoes with a side of grilled shrimp.  
I recommend the strawberry/mango secret lemonade.  It comes with a light-up cup.  Perfect way to cool down in the over 90 degree heat. 
The food was great and we had fun!Horrendous. We only went because it was really close to our hotel and it was open later than the surrounding restaurants. We ordered the dip as an appetizer. 20 minutes later it came out luke warm and she added the "shrimp" for an extra charge after we told her we didn't want it. It was only about 2 shrimp cut into tiny rubbery chunks. Service was AWFUL. Slow, if at all. We eventually had to flag down somebody to get our check. Our entrees were disgusting, (Shrimp Poboy, the Texas Chicken sandwich, jambalaya, and mac and cheese). Nobody finished their meals, even the fries were soggy and inedible. The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is because the alcoholic beverages come with a clean souvenir glass that you get to take with you. I gave them away so I don't have to be reminded of that experience.
Since I posted this, I was contacted by their customer service rep and the manager of the store called me personally to try to resolve the issue. I still have a bad taste in my mouth about the experience, but it was a nice gesture that I appreciate.Ordered shrimp app and it was not pealed or deveined.  For main course I ordered jambalaya and the shrimp was not deveined again.  Normally I don't complain but I had to say something to the manger.  My wife ordered a well done cheese burger and they even messed that up.  If I could give them no stars in would.  The manger did try and fix it but after all of this we just sent the food back and left.  Bubba Gump Shrimp you where the first place I went for my first meal in New Orleans and you really set the bar low.  You can keep your shirts and you over priced glasses.  I will never go back!I would like to say we usually always get the boiled cajun shrimp, so we do not know the whole menu. 
The boiled cajun shrimp is delicious and my husband and I always stop to get some if we are by a Bubba Gump's. I would recommend other places for a New Orleans experience, but if you want a good, spicy snack between meals, I recommend their boiled, cajun shrimp!
We have went there twice and the first time, they were extremely busy and the service was okay due to the high amount of people there; however, we went this past weekend and we had excellent service since they were not busy. I think this is the same no matter where you go. The busier they are, the less you see your waiter/waitress.Good beverages and good appetizers! 
EXCELLENT gift shop! 
Novelty Chain, not local flavor, -1 star for lack of originality. Friendly staff.Ive been to Bubba Gumps in Vegas and Chicago and this one is by far the best! The fact that it was a block from my hotel(the French Market Inn) didn't hurt I'm sure either.They have a nice lil gift shop out front and we were seated right away no wait. Started off with a couple of drinks and the Shrimp Mac n Cheese as an appetizer! It was DELICIOUS! Now I don't know if you've heard about some of the paranormal history of the French Quarter(our hotel up the street is supposed to be haunted) But..I took a pic of the Mac n Cheese and...Im pretty sure I caught a ghost! Followed by a quick video after where we caught an EVP! So apparently the food is so good even the ghosts still eat it! lol Just a cool lil side note from our trip.But back to the food! WE ordered the Shrimp n Grits and the Drunken Shrimp and they did NOT disappoint! Only thing I can say I wasn't feeling was the waitress trying to sell us the restaurant card for places that were nowhere near our city lol Other than that..I would definitely hit up this Bubba Gumps again! Hit the Spot!Love Bubba Gump's!!! The one in New Orleans is great! lots of Forest Memorabilia from the movie. Our waitress Paige was great as well as the manager. It was a pleasure to talk to John. You can tell he loves what he does! And the food and drinks  as usual were terrific!I am not often one for sentimentality. I rarely feel a nostalgic longing for days gone by, but as I sat on the balcony of Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. with its charmingly distressed railing, picking idly at my Bubba's Far Out Dip, while sipping Cutty Sark neat and watching the bustle of Decatur beneath me I couldn't shake the feeling that this was the New Orleans of Tennessee Williams, of O. Henry. The true New Orleans. I luckily wandered into Bubba Gump one afternoon while seeking a respite from shopping with the wife. She cut me loose and I ducked in unknowingly, though fortunately, during happy hour. The full menu was available, but the happy hour specific menu was more than adequate to sate my appetite and very reasonably priced. It featured a blend of New Orleans standards such as chips and guac, fish tacos and sliders. The service was prompt even outside and while I only had the Far Out dip with tortilla chips I did see many full entrees going to other tables and they looked delicious. Great little spot that I'd suggest for people watching and enjoying the honest to goodness ambiance of New Orleans.I would recommend this place only to get a t-shirt from.  The atmosphere was fun but the food was not.  It was fun answering their Forest Gump Quiz and the staff was great.  I would recommend maybe going in to the gift shop then go onto somewhere else for food.Small portions ,grilled catfish was good,boiled shrimp was horrible..shrimp were greasy but they did remove from bill willing. The hula-hoop contest in the street was awesome. Sitting on the balcony provides a great view. I will not be going back but the overall experience was good.Stopped there 26 December, the guy at the door told us to go to the stop sign and wait. Then he came around and took us upstairs. The waitress came over and mumbled something about "Had we been there before", we said yes and she said "then you know about the signs" She took our drink order and disappeared. About 10 minutes later she came by and I asked where our drinks were. Her response was "There is no bartender behind the bar" Needless to say we got up and left. Won't go there again...NOT RECOMMENDEDOne of the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Waited 20+ min for our drink order to even be placed. Young waitress acknowledged we had been waiting and did not even attempt to do the right thing and take our order. Instead she spoke very loudly over their communication system and stated she had already told our waiter we were his table and she wasn't going to take our order. Asked to speak to the manager twice before he ever came to speak to us. We would have left however we had our 5 and one year old who were very hungry and didn't want to start the wait all over again at another restaurant. I am still currently waiting on our food to arrive as I type this so I cannot even rate the food but service is enough for me to suggest DO NOT COME HERE!!!!20 min to get in was not bad on a Saturday night. Seating us and forgetting about us for 15 min is really bad and then moving us to another table is also another bad but second star came because of the server he is really and knows how to treat people!!!Salmon and Vegetable Sketel tastes AMAZING!!!!! Totally worth coming here. The service was fine and polite, the atmosphere was nice too. And the way to call waiter by morning the sign on the table to 'Stop, Forest, stop' is funny but works just right.We always love going to Bubba Gumps when ever we get a chance. This location in New Orleans by fair has been the best service in any restaurant I have ever gone to. The most enjoyable experience was watching my 8 month old Grandson and the best server ever, Debriella,  enteract. She when way above what she had to. She made us laugh throughoit our meal. Making this visit amazing. Thank you Debriella for being one of the the parts of our vacation.So this is a tourist place. Went there today, food was ok (much larger portions elsewhere). I'm giving it 3 stars because the service was good and it had a nice little gift shop. Nice to check it out once, but not a place id have to check out again.1 star is being  generous. Horrible service after waiting 30 minutes we were finally seated upstairs. We assumed that the wait was because it was crowded. There were only 2 tables occupied. The service was extremely slow. When the shrimp came it was cold. We called the waitTess she said she would call the manager which seemed odd as she should have just taken the shrimp back. It appeared that she wanted to throw her coworkers under the bus. 
The manager finally came he took the order back and it came back Luke warm. The jasmine rice was also extremely salty. As an aside I told the hostess about the appalling state of the bathroom as there were remnants of excrement blood and feminine products thrown in the stalls. An hour later I revisited the restroom the condition had not changed. When it was time to pay the bill it came in a brochure/leaflet that had seen better days instead of the usual leather bound sleeve. Jasmine had given us a bill for another table. She blamed her coworker for the error. There appears to be a lack of cohesiveness among the staff. I will never return to this establishmentBubba's is a chain and it is pretty good. We were in NOLA for Halloween and everywhere was busy and we didn't want to wait long we were hungry. We had just landed and dropped our stuff at the hotel and wanted a quick bite before we headed to Priates Alley to have a few drinks.
We decided on Bubba's because it is a chain and it is usually pretty easy to get in and out of, because really if you go to NOLA to eat seafood there are better places. But this is good and fast.
We had my favorite here the "Bucket of Boat Trash" it is fried bits of shrimp, fish and lobster. Server with fries. Healthy no. Tasty yes. Shrimpers Heaven which is three paper cones with three types of shrimp we had Coconut, Chilly and Fried. I know lots of fried food, but you will walk it off :-)
It is good people watching you can sit out side on the deck and watch people walk by.
You have the Run Forest and Stop Forest signs which means you want refills or need something or leave me alone I am good.
Another fun thing to do is walk through the gift shop, we bought a stupid stuffed shrimp because it was cute and our cat turned it into her toy. Which is kinda funny beacuse it is almost as big as her.
The have sweet tea and cocktails. Like I said a place to get in and out of fast. It does the trick.I thought this place was awesome. I special ordered my food with no spices and they accommodated and had trivia. So much fun and great gift shop at reasonable prices.I've always found the idea of Bubba Gump to be a lot like a Hard Rock or Planet Hollywood- ideally not a place I'd like to spend an evening.  Yes, it is a total tourist trap, but I'm willing to try anything once.
Checking in is a little bit weird.  They herd you down a corridor like cattle, all the while checking in with people on headsets looking at tables.  We were asked if we wanted to sit in the courtyard- which we ended up being the only ones there most of the time and was definitely an advantage for us.
Our waitress, Pandora, was fabulous and definitely down to earth- giving us great recommendations for dinner when she asked us some of the menu items we were thinking over.  She was also helpful in recommending some places to spend the rest of our evening down on Frenchman, which was much needed after spending a lot of time in the Quarter.  So that was pretty cool.
On to the food:  My boyfriend ordered a Blue Louisiana Lemonade which had a very interesting taste to it - when you drink it, you definitely taste the lemonade followed by a tinge of blueberry aftertaste... Like you drank lemonade and ended up with a blueberry in your mouth.
We ordered a spinach & artichoke dip (Bubba's Far Out Dip) that was pretty yummy.  There was a really delicious blend of parmesean with red peppers in there that really set it off, making it different from other dips I've had.
For our entrees: My boyfriend got the Bourbon Street Mahi Mahi and I got the Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp.  Both of ours had the same sauce base that was a nice and creamy bourbon sauce.  Both of ours had mashed potatoes which were all right.  His fish was nicely cooked and my shrimp were scrumptious.
We left dinner feeling satisfied and pleasantly surprised.
The only thing that kind of bugged me was that the restrooms were on the 2nd floor- but I guess they're designed that way so people don't come in willy nilly to use the restrooms?Customer service at its finest! I've been here several occasions and each time is a delight. The food is good but I mostly enjoy the Bubba gumps trivia, I love how involved the waiter/waitress are each visit. My favorite dish from the menu is a Texan chicken avocado sandwich with seasoned fries! Always a good choice.A down to earth and cool restaurant; nothing fancy but enjoyed the forest Gump movie lines on the table where we sat upstairs overlooking Decatur Street. Our waiter was nice but a little overly attentive. We ordered the Shrimpers heaven and the shrimp rigatoni with a side of garlic bread. The shrimp rigatoni was much better then I expected, the Shrimpers heaven was good but a little plain nothing special. The garlic bread was good. Bubbas' was a bit pricey in my opinion concerning there're other franchisees that serve better tasting shrimp dishes.You're hungry. You're sweaty.  Your feet hurt.  You want something easy, filing and affordable, whilst still being touristy and on vacation.  We thought this would be a good idea, too.  Don't do it!  Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. is NOT this place.  
...You'll be much happier if you go anywhere else.  We sat upstairs while visiting the French Quarter on a sunny bustling Sunday and were not super satisfied. Service was pretty bad (appetizers arrived after the main course and the drink orders that made it in took a while), and food was unexciting (and of a small portion size).  Despite the 20+ minute wait many of the tables near us were empty (an indication that they're understaffed and based on our servers attitudes I understand why!). It cost too much for what it was, also.  
Stop in at the nearby peppersauce store and sample some chips to tide you over as you wander farther towards the French Market for something better.Ms. RT
Very friendly staff, delicious food
Great drinks ;) must try the lemon martiniThe service was slow, the food was good. Nothing here too much to brag about. People watching was one of the best parts. We sat right in the front by the windows looking at the 1000 people who walk by, busy being tourist. Ordered one of the shrimp buckets. 
-BrentWe ate a late lunch today at bubba gumps.  .  The food was good but the staff was great.  Our waitress, pandora , was very helpful.  We weren't overly hungry so she recommended we spilt the shrimp New Orleans . Very good.  The shrimp were smaller than the picture but still tasty. The spinach artichoke dip is awesome.I've been to a bubba Gump 3 times and this is by far the worst. Servers are rude except the bartender. He was really nice and attentive but i couldn't get pass his teeth (not trying to be rude but it wasn't a good look serving food ) the bathroom was horrible and the food omg. ..i know seafood is suppose to taste fresh but biting into a warm not HOT steam pot was sooooooo gross. The shrimp tasted as though they were alive and swimming in my mouth. Will NOT returnThis was a fun restaurant with an interesting atmosphere. The food was very well prepared and my shrimp bo-boy was delicious.  I would give a 5 but there are so many excellent places in the same area to get food that is a little better at a little lower price.Rude and racist. Didnt serve a table for over 45 mins. Don't support this restaurant.The food was ok.  I had the shrimp and grits and it wasn't horrible but I won't be back.  The service was great tho.Absolutely hated this place,  five small pieces of shrimp on a poboy?  Serious, this place is all commercial hype.  They knew I was upset and didn't make any attempts to make things right. I left and actually had to eat somewhere else.  This place doesn't even deserve a star.We were able to get a table on the balcony by request!  The appetizer of peel and eat shrimp was delicious!  Shrimp skewers and fish and chips were tasty and adequate portions.  Service was great, average wait for food.I absolutely love bubba gumps! I worked at the Daytona Beach location thru college and I will always find a location in any city that I'm in. Santa Monica, Breckenridge, Minnesota, etc. This is the 1st time my and my family haven't had trivia about the movie. We sat at a both in the bar this past Friday for a late lunch.  I don't answer until the stump everyone, but they love it. Sad day... This I've was the least exciting of all the locations I have been toWell, it could have been a rough night and our server was nice enough.  But there seems to be staffing and management issues all around. 
The food when it finally came (over an hour wait for an empty restaurant) - was hit and miss.  
After about 45 minutes, they let us know they were out of broccoli -  and the substitute of "vegan" salad came out with cheese on it.  
Hubby had the sampler - it was ok but they didn't bother with taking the "vein" out of the shrimp.  For those of you who speak plainly, they didn't de-turd them.
Luckily, I had the salad with strawberries, pears and walnuts.  The shrimp on my salad was "clean" - I hope.  But I did eat one or two before hubby noticed.   I'm going to assume mine were clean.We came with a bus tour and the service was extremely slow.  The waitresses seemed to be rushed and confused.  The fried shrimp was good but not spectacular. The fish in the fish and chips was heavily breaded.Loved it. They had dishes they didn't have at my local Bubba Gump. Example: Gumbo and etoufee. Both dishes were actually better then the other restuarants I've tried in the surrounding area in the French Quarter. 
If you LIKE Bubba Gump's, you should try this one.We went on Friday, July 5th after finding out NOLA stopped taking people at 10 pm.  I have heard of this place in passing. Needless to say the food was okay but the service was terrible.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was a bit rude.  If it were not for the fact I was tired of walking to get something to eat I would have left.  My shrimp appetizer was over priced and the skimped on the shrimp.  Thanks but no thanks. Never again.I'm not sure if all Bubba Gumps are this horrible, but since it is a chain I would have reservations on eating at of these locations again.  The shrimp I had were tasteless and cold.  I ordered the peel and eat shrimp with garlic and Cajun seasoning.  I couldn't taste that anything was added.  The speckled lemonade was bitter and even the salad was horrible.  How can you mess up salad?  Forrest may have gotten a lot of this right, with his wonderful compassion and kind heart, but Bubba Gump was a major disappointment.  We should have kept running on by!I enjoyed this place so much , I had to come twice!! I never had Bubba. Gump's  before but I am so happy I tried it. Bubba gumps was exactly what I imagined. Tasty food , cool environment, and wonderful service. Even though this is a chain restaurant it is still super delicious and still has an original vibe. Not a chain vibe.Had a great lunch at Bubba Gump. Husband had the Bucket of Trash & he said it was excellent. The fish was tender & flaky, the snow crab was melt in your mouth good, the fried shrimp was fresh. I has the coconut shrimp. It was also great. The Cajun romelaude dipping sauce was an added bonus. 
I usually stay away from tourist places like this because you tend to get run of the mill food, but was husbands choice so I gave in. So glad I did! Great service, great food.
They also have souvenir tshirts, cups, key chains etc so you can be dressed out in Forrest Gump attire. Since it's my daughters favorite movie & the food was great, I will bring her her to eat when we come back to New Orleans.Bad food and so slow to get to the table. Do not come here. We were escaping from the rain and thought this would be ok. We were so wrongI was in New Orleans the week of Mardi Gras and I told myself that I needed to go check out Bubba Gumps, (this is where it originated.) Anyways the whole environment was very welcoming. The employees were nothing but friendly making conversation with us and what not. 
Being from California I expected the menu to be different. I looked for the things that looked unfamiliar. I ordered something that was called LT. Dan, it was as delicious. It was super tasty, with lots of flavor and spicy, that's cajun food for you, got to love it.I guess this was the wrong place to go for authentic Cajun grub, being that it's a chain restaurant. But in defense of my decision, I had never heard of the place. Anyway, I guess this is what you would expect out of a chain CAJUN restaurant.Place was empty at 730 ish on a Friday night. That should have been the first sign. Went in (party of 4 adults, 2 kids). Took over one hour to get our entrees. Again this place was borderline empty. I ordered some shrimp with crab cakes on top. Shrimp were flattened and tiny.
Crab cake part was not edible. Drinks were good but overpriced. I suggest you try ACME or NOLA and avoid here. The others were cheaper and the food was 10 times better.I had never been to New Orleans and I actually liked the food there. The drinks were good too. I was not super impressed as I ate at other better and worse restaurants the time I was there. I really liked the "bucket of things the storm brought in" haha, that may not be the name but it did sound something like that. I did like the forrest gump inspired decor with the ping pong tables and all. I did play some ping pong while I was there (and yes, I won)! :)I ordered the Net Catch but it came out very lukewarm. This meal was not very impressive for my first meal in New Orleans.  The service was very inattentive and we were here for a very long time waiting for the order. On to the next!!!I got the bucket/trash/garbage pail thing with the seafood (man...the name escapes me) and it was really really good. 
The staff is super friendly and they quiz you on Forrest Gump questions.  
Only things that turned me off were the wait and the prices for the quality of food.  
Go here for the entertainment and Forrest Gump happiness.If i could give zero stars, i would. This place had the worst service I've ever had anywhere. We were seated quickly on a Sunday for lunch and then it started ... We waited 15 minutes for anyone to notice us. We immediately submitted our drink and food order. Two of us got our entire meal, ate and finished before the other got his Caesar salad. Pathetic. Unattentive and even the manager didn't help at all.I GOTTA FIND BUBBA!
I like this place. Maybe it's just because I like the movie. Not sure. 
The mahi mahi is pretty damn good. First time I got it years ago, it was served fried. They no longer have it on the menu, but have it as a grilled dish now. Still good. 
They like to serve shrimp... go figure. I've never ordered the shrimp as a main entree, but have had it as part of an entree and/or picked off of someone else's plate that ordered it. If I am in the mood for shrimp, I'd rather go to someplace local and not a chain restaurant. 
Service has always been pretty good, even on busy nights.
Bathroom is upstairs, remember that if you down a few at the bar on the first floor. 
Overall a good place to eat, mainly because of the atmosphere. I'm sure you can find better, larger seafood portions elsewhere in the Quarter, but everyone who is a fan of the movie should eat here at least once.After plenty of trips to New Orleans, I finally got a chance to dine in here (although it's not fun to go to a shrimp place and you're a vegetarian). The wait was kind of long for a Sunday afternoon (30 min for 3 ppl with maybe about 5 tables actually filled). Our server did a great job but I wish the food wowed me more. I had the veggie burger (which was okay... nothing I'd reorder, though), the mac and cheese without the shrimp (kind of on the saltier side; had a very strong hint of Italian sausage), and the mashed potatoes (the feelings I have for potatoes are equivalent to Bubba with shrimp). It's a great tourist attraction but I'm almost positive no locals ever come here, lol.We chose Bubba Gumps for lunch on a beautiful day.  We were seated upstairs, on the balcony.  My husband and I were the only ones out there.  It was an awesome place for lunch and to people watch at the French Quarter.  I ordered an appetizer sampler for my meal.  The artichoke spinach dip was great.  The chips were very fresh.  I also had fried and boiled shrimp.  Both were good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  My husband had a fish special and said it was very good.  Our waiter,  Lionel was great.  We should have go somewhere local, but I can't complain about our meal.In 1994, one of the best movies released in the US was Forrest Gump. The story is about a young man growing up in the rural South and many of the adventures he goes through. During one of these adventures, he becomes a shrimp boat owner with his buddy Captain Dan and his former Army buddy, Bubba.
From the movie, restauranteurs took note of the interesting storyline, and created the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company. I would definitely recommend going to the one in New Orleans, although there are plenty of locations, and trying the Shrimp New Orleans. The Shrimp is sautéed in butter, garlic, and spices with jasmine rice.
I am not really in to going to "chain" restaurants, but in this case it is sort of the original location.Terrible food and service. Last night decided to give it a try with family of five. A very drunk man fell into our table and pushed our drinks across our table. Will not go back. 
Tourist Trap for sure...Last night in New Orleans. I was on Decatur Street so decided to drop in here for dinner. The red beans and rice with fried chicken was really good although the portions were small. On the menu it said the drinks came with a souvenir glass but when I asked the server if he could rinse out the glass before I left he said I had to ask for the souvenir glass when I ordered. Bathroom was two flights up. Probably won't go back.Worst experience ever. Took 25 minutes for a server to even look at our table yet alone offering drinks. Another hour for our food to come out.  Drinks? Ha too bad. You are gonna die of thirst because although we were seated RIGHT NEXT  TO THE DRINK STATION it did not matter. Considered making my own drinks at one point. Tried to track down someone to help us only to continue to wait forever. Whew, food,  finally here..to bad the fry oil is old and it is evident in the color and taste of the most simple fish and chips dish. Half ass attempt by the manager to fix the situation. Our server was incompetent par excellence, did not even give a shit that we were waiting for christmas in january. I don't ask for much, but simple food and good service, both of which were so horribly executed at this establishment i now hate the movie Forrest Gump. Its only saving grace was the cool breeze on the misty balcony. No beads for you. If i could give you ZERO stars it would be too much.We arrived around 5:30pm & were told 45-60 minutes. However, after sitting down (if you can find a place to sit & wait) we proceeded to wait 1hr & 15 minutes for our table. The food was mediocre & for the money you can find better else where. The desserts were the highlight of the evening. I had the Mud Pie & my wife had their chocolate chip sundae. Total time was 2hrs & 45 minutes. Simply way to trendy. There are so many places to choose from in the French Quarter, however my father has wanted to try this establishment. Now, he won't ever go again.I got dragged in here by some out of town friends and it is REALLY just a tourist trap.  There are so many places doing infinitely better food all over the place in New Orleans that this place is a waste of time.  The servers all seem miserable which likely happens as they know that their food is bad and they probably hear frequent complaints.  I wouldn't ever eat here again as it just doesn't compare to any of the many better places around.  Also it's a cheesy chain... Eating at a chain in New Orleans makes as much sense as eating at a McDonald's in Paris... oh wait I know people that have done that...
Tip:  Tourist Trap 
Recommended Action: AvoidYeah, it's touristy and has all the annoying chain restaurant attributes. But guess what? The food rocked. I wanted a quality seafood dinner, wasn't really in the mood for Cajun or anything too spicy. This place delivered. The stuffed hush puppies were surprisingly good. They had fish, crab, shrimp, and delicious seasonings. They were like seafood fritters. The remoulade sauce was tasty, too. I loved the Bucket of Boat Trash. Crab claws, shrimp, big chunks of fish, and fries. All were tasty and satisfying. 
The blue lemonade was good but a bit low on the alcohol. They need to kick the drinks up a notch because it's the Quarter and most places do their drinks pretty strong so you might be disappointed in the low to moderate alcohol content of the signature drinks.
The movie memorabilia was fun to look at. Our waiter took us on a quick tour around the restaurant to point out some neat stuff after our meal. He was busy, but still went the extra mile to talk to us and show us around. At first he was kind of doing his shtick but as we built a rapport he was more genuine and conversational. He seemed to enjoy waiting on us and that's a good thing.  Exceptional service and quality food.
If you want a super gourmet Cajun dinner, there are plenty of other places to go. This was an excellent place for seafood, even if it is a chain.Great spot on Decatur. Had great patio seating and a view of the water across the street and a shopping mall. The restaurant was very clean, our waiter was very good, the food was good, and best yet it wasn't super expensive. New Orleans has a lot of great food, most of it is fried and most of it is pricy especially for fried food!It was about to start pouring down rain and the nearest dining establishment that we recognized was Bubba Gump's. I have never eaten at the New Orleans location but I knew the one near Navy Pier was excellent. This location was not the exception and we were very pleased. The mango mojito was impressive along with the crab legs. Also, the little one made herself a crushed penny.Good service and kid friendly. The food was good, albeit not memorable, but was kind of expensive for the portions. Had the fried fish sandwich for lunch and my daughter had the popcorn shrimp.I know this is just a themed franchise restaurant, but eh, I just love the Forest Gump experience, and when I visit a city with a Bubba Gump, it's on the list, kind of a ritual. I tried the Cajun shrimps starter, never had it before, and it's surprisingly great - the sauce is incredibly good, like, really. I went straight to the Internet looking for the recipe, cause that meal I'm gonna have it more often, definitely. Had my first jambalaya too, probably not the best place for that, but it was ok. Service was nice too. A little overpriced though, as always.I thought Bubba GUmp would have been more of an experience truthfully. They had alright food, it was nice for a one time affair.T'was my first ever Bubba Gump Shrimp visit and it'll be my last.  
It wasn't great, I had the fish'n'chips and I've had better fish and chips from Long John Silvers, the fries were cold and limp.
Hubby had the bbq shrimp and sausage - it was lovely, but there just wasn't enough of it, portion size was small.  
The drinks were good, I tried a hurricane and got to take the glass home, hubby got a juice in a light up glass, and it was good too.  Don't eat here though,  service was slow and almost a chore for the guy and he got our dessert wrong - which wasn't 'warm' like it was supposed to be.  Disappointing!Wait staff is great, but food is well below average.  I found glass is my jumbalaya, to which the manager responded with a subpar "kitchen error" comment.  There are much better, local, and more personal places to eat in NO.  Avoid and spend your money elsewhere.I ordered a Cajun chicken sandwich but the chicken was still raw. They had no problem making me a new one and were very nice but it's just scary that it even left the kitchen uncooked!I just went to the worst lunch ever here. I was with two others, we all ordered appetizers and it took them 45 minutes to bring out one of the plates. We ended up getting all the food to go. The fries were nearly cold by the time I ate them, but I'm sure they would probably be decent if they were really hot. The stuffed mushrooms were disgusting. They were the greasiest, nastiest stuffed mushrooms I ever encountered. I tried one out of pure hunger and it tasted like a freezer-burned dumpster treat. DON'T waste your money. It is incredibly over-priced. The staff was polite, but seemed to have ZERO regard for my time even though I asked them three times where our food was. I asked for a to-go cup and was told I'd have to wait because they're upstairs... I just left. $20 on crappy food that I couldn't even pretend to finish eating. Don't go!Nice and nostalgic! I really enjoyed my time in New Orleans and this was a great choice in making the trip complete. The food was very good. Shrimper's Heaven is a great option if you can't make up your mind like me. And the garlicky bread as an appetizer was melt in your mouth delicious!The management is terrible! We were told 1/2 hour wait, then told the waiter went on break and we would be seated soon. Then, another 25 minutes we were told that there was a large party that came first so after they ordered we would be seated. Then we're told that members of some "club" get seated before noon club members.... yeah we left. What absolutely lousy treatment of customers.  Do not go to Bubba Gump in New OrleansTried Bubba Gump because favorite tourists (family) wanted to eat their shrimp.  Exactly as one would expect - forgettable, under seasoned food complete with tourist trap prices.  Eating on the balcony was the only thing that was mildly enjoyable.The Louisiana Homestyle Etouffee which is only on the New Orleans menu is absoultely fantastic. I think of myself as a cajun connisseur, and this was a different take thank I'm use to, but in a great way. This family friendly restaurant has something for a vareity of seafood palettes. They have a few New Orleans dishes, but its mainly a seafood/ribs place, like Landry's.This restaurant was very disappointing. I have fairly low expectations, but this surpassed my idea of disappointment. The hostess told us the wait would take 15 minutes, which turned into about an hour. My food was room temperature when it finally came out, and the fried shrimp po boy really lacked pretty much any shrimp in the batter. My friends trio platter took up about a third of his plate, which was pictured to take up the entire platter. The filet was half the oz size it was described to be. And they failed to refill waters. Overall a poor experience.Captain's Fish and Chips
Best fish ever!!! 
Slaw was acceptable, but not mama's. 
Fries could have been hotter...
Portions were larger than expected.
Beer was nice and cold, but a second was not offered.
During search for restroom, friendly staff directed kindly. 
Others in this party enjoyed their Shrimp and Grits, Dumb Luck Coconut Shrimp and Shrimper's Heaven.Yes, it is a chain, but for a chain, it's good!
We visited Bubba Gump's on Sept. 26, 2006. We sat on the top balcony outdoors. Our waitress was very cheerful and energetic; she was quick with our food and drink orders and when she found out that we were visiting New Orleans on our honeymoon, she brought us a complimentary dessert. The cajun peel & eat shrimp was a great start, as well as the Peach, Love & Rock N Roll drink and beer my husband had, and was a great segway to the Shrimpers Heaven (which was very good, but my hubby didn't like the coconut shrimp), but the Hush Pups were VERY good - better than any we have had before (combination of Mahi Mahi, crawfish and hush puppy mix); my hubby had the Lt. Dan's dish; he says it was ok, preferred the cajun shrimp appetizer. The ambience was great if you are a fan of the Forrest Gump movie (which we are!) and the waitstaff is equipped with movie trivia.
We first visited this Bubba Gump's restaurant 3 years ago and were happy with the service we received then.Had supper at Bubba Gump. It was awful. The mashed potatoes had NO FLAVOR. The mahi mahi was tough as shoe leather. The only redeeming feature was the hilarious server and the blood orange margaritas. Won't make this mistake again.We enjoyed our trip to Bubba Gumps, specifically because the service was good and, let's face it, Forrest Gump is a damn fine movie.  The servers even played a little movie trivia game with our room of tables.  
I had gumbo and a salad, while my husband had the friend shrimp.  The food was ok, but nothing I'd go running back to have again.  For dessert, we shared the cookie ice cream sundae, which was a bit over-baked for our liking.