My two friends and I picked Buffa's for dinner on a Sunday evening instead of Port of Call because of the tremendous wait for a table at PoC. It was an excellent choice!
We sat in the bar and a very personable and known-around-town (apparently) bartender took care of us. In the best tradition of bartenders, he provided wit and behind the bar wisdom. The drinks were also excellent. One of my friends and I did a split and share for the Gotham Burger with house made potato salad and the Shrimp Creole.
The food was excellent. Highly recommend the burger and I cannot stop thinking about the potato salad! Only concern was a bit of a delay in making the food. The kitchen seemed to be quite understaffed and we waited a significant amount of time for what we'd ordered. The bartender was apologetic and helpful, checking on our food often.
If you're looking for good quality, good value food in the Marigny/ Quarter area, definitely give Buffa's your time. You won't be sorry (unless you don't have time to spare)!The music was a nice touch, and the food was decent. The only complaint I have is that they don't serve lunch until 2Our last night in New Orleans.
We had done the French Quarter, hoofed all over the Garden District, shopped 'till we dropped, and all we really wanted was a quiet local establishment that served some damn good food. Tourist-free would be a bonus.
We found it. Just a few blocks from the house we were staying in was Buffa's. For $20 we had a better meal than most of the $50 and $60 meals; and those weren't bad by any stretch, which says that Buffa's did a really nice job. My red beans and rice was just perfect, and whatever she had disappeared quickly.
We'll be back.Had really low expectations when the boyfriend decided to bring his visiting sister+boyfriend to a bar for brunch. Since moving back to New Orleans it's been a trying road getting used to this whole smoking allowed indoors thing, but it's the way of the land {{cry}}. 
Alas, Buffa's was the only jazz brunch option we could find that wasn't in Metairie or a hotel- I swear there are more in Chicago. He wanted a famous burger, but they are not on the brunch menu. For a brunch they have a limited 'unch' selection. I ordered the only one: Stuffed Portobello caps with shrimp stuffing, the accompanying creamy crab dressing was crossed off of all the menus to further enforce my plummeting expectations. Once it arrived, my attitude completely shifted. The stuffing was flavorful, and moist. Major plus: the 'shrooms weren't greasy. The boyf got steak and eggs. I wasn't much interested in his meal, but my overall dining experience was very good.
Then half of the reason we were there began to play. Some Like It Hot is so delightful. Between swing-your-feet, dance-in-your-seat songs they have playful banter with the patrons that make you feel like one of their pals.There was only one waitress, overworked and rude. She was rude many times and sat other people who arrived later ahead of us. She was being rude with everyone entering and rudely telling people to close the door and wait outside. Costumers didn't even have the opportunity to ask any questions. We just left and don't intend to come back. Pitty, because the musicians seemed really good.We went for Sunday jazz brunch and it was amazing. I had two eggs with shrimp. The biscuit was amongst the best in New Orleans. Nice Sunday brunch options, prices reasonable and service with a smile. But the reals treat was the band playing and the locals dancing - great vibe and I was happy this was our last stop on the way to the airport, we definitely left NOLA on a high note.Nice bar with live music that serves affable bar food. There was one standout dish: the fried green beans. Fresh green beans, crispy with a sriracha dipping sauce. I wished the rest of the meal had matched the appetizer. The burger was OK, and certainly didn't seem like it wasn't a frozen patty. I swapped fries for their bleu cheese cole slaw, which seemed to be missing the bleu cheese. The vegan in the group ordered a salad, which was HUGE. Those ingredients did look quite fresh, although I never think of a salad as bar food. 
The live music was great, and fit the mood of a slow summer evening.Stopped in a couple times during my visit to NOLA.  We were staying just down the street and Buffa's was on the way into town.  Nice little bar/restaurant.  Staff was friendly and helpful with the menu.  Fried green beans were addictive. On Friday there was live music which was wonderful: not too loud and perfect for a dinner date.  Buffa's was recommended to us by our hosts and we weren't disappointed.Just what we needed! The burger & a cup of red beans & rice were phenomenal...though the food was fantastic, really the gem here is the staff. Our bartender was awesome & we made a new friend in Felix, who works in the back of house(make sure you connect with these guys, they are the cream of the crop!). It was such a great stop, don't hesitate to pop in for a really lovely time. Oh, and don't hesitate to get down with that Habanero & garlic hot sauce.This is a great place with a soul. It was on my list for a late night drink after hanging out on Frenchman, but a huge storm rolled in and ruined our lunch reservations. We dodged some raindrops and found the best Crawfish Ettoufe, Boudin balls, and red beans and rice. That may be a strong statement, but I can only compare to the other 10 places I ate at.
I doubt the entire menu is this stellar, but I wouldn't mind giving it a shot.
One day we ate in the smoke free live music back room, real inviting with a local feel. A few days later a hung out in the mildly smoky front room drinking and asking locals why beignets suck so much. Great bartender, cold beer and open 24 hours.
Like any bar it can change by the minute, if this isn'y your scene come back in a few hours and it may be.For the sake of this review I only want to focus on the fact that I was able to order an entirely Paleo meal, as the vegetables were cooked with olive oil. My fiance had the blackened redfish and I had the steak. Chef David prepared both meals to perfection, which we were able to enjoy in the newly renovated bar which of course still has the dark and unassuming ambience of the original atmosphere, but without the same Louisiana heat, thanks to the higher ceilings. I know... that has nothing to do with Paleo fare, but it is essential to enjoying your dining experience, regardless of to which diet you subscribe.Oh man I really took a liking to this place. 
GREAT Bloody Mary's. Amazing buffalo wings.
A place to hang your purse and charge your phone. 
Free Wi-Fi and open 24 hours? I didn't want to leave LOL.
Why 4 stars?  I walked my happy ass over one drunken night to order food to-go and they were out of just about everything on the menu. On top of that I get to our hotel and the woman forgot to add some of my items in my bag. Wasn't cheap but I didn't want to walk all the way back. UGHI had only heard great things about Buffa's and I came in there very late on April 12th to meet up with a few friends and my brother. I was going to order a drink and even possibly some food as I have heard their food is delicious; but that all changed once I met the bartender. Her name was Sasha. She was not welcoming, she was giving my friends attitutde and telling them to "fuck off." She asked my one friend what he wanted to drink and when he responded with water she got nasty towards him. I had to remove myself from the bar because I didn't want to make a spectacle. I work in the service industry myself and I am a weekend bartender until the wee hours in the am and I have never responded that way to a customer for doing nothing wrong. The way she treated me and my friends gave me a very bad taste in my mouth and made me want to stoop to her level and tell her exactly how I felt; but I didn't, because what would that have solved? I feel you should speak to your bartender and let her know treating people with rudeness and disrespectful language is only going to hurt your business. If anyone ever asks I will tell them not to go to your establishment because your late night bartender Sasha has a stick driven so far up her ass she feels the need to treat everyone and anyone like shit. No thanks. Never again. My friends said the food was great too, but bad service will never get me to go back.Food was okay, little over priced. Bartender wasn't the greatest. I'd go back again but I would have to be super hungry and have limited options.Second time here in two years. Every time we visit NOLA we try to have at least one meal here. The red beans and rice is the best in the area! The food is well spiced. Warning...when they say hot they mean hot! The servers are very friendly and attentive, kitchen a little slow but well worth the wait. Strongly recommend.We were in town for a week and became nightly regulars here. Buffa's is the perfect place if you're out all night and need some delicious, fried, gravy-soaked food and some pre-sleep additional cocktails. (It was also a great place to have a morning cocktail to get the day started!) Max, the bartender was the best.We were hungry after checking in at the hotel next door. A gentleman here recommend Buffa verses the Port of Call just down the street. It is a small cramped space with lots of nerdy character which we liked. The food was underwhelming, a grease burger which was flavorful but not anything to write home about. My husband's grill cheese was made with shredded cheddar and way under cooked bacon. The bar's beer selection was small. Overall we loved the decor but won't be eating there again.Places smells like a mold infestation. Bartenders have really bad customer service skillszYummy food 24 hours.  This is my go to spot after the bars.  Great local crowd.  $ btl & frys 8.00. Music in the dining room most nights, or a movie on the big screen.What a great find!  I was looking for a place for Sunday Jazz brunch and came across Buffa's. With so many choices and only one Sunday that we would  be in town, I wanted to make sure I picked a good one. This was it!  The service was outstanding,  Barrett was an absolute delight. She even recommended other places for us to try. The food was , and the music was outstanding!  It's a pretty small place, only 10 tables,  a few people ended up sharing the larger tables with "new friends". We got there about 10:30, (music started at 11:00) which was plenty really enough to get a table. So happy we picked this place. If you are looking for high class brunch, this isn't it. .. but if you are looking for a true New Orleans experience with great music and friendly service,  you have to go to Buffa's!I would have given this place five stars until my last visit to this place on Monday night. 
We visited this place on Friday of last week. The bartender Peter in the music area was awesome and the crawfish etouffe was delicious. However when we went back on Monday night the bartender in the front bar was clueless, rude and to make matters worse served crawfish etouffe that was frozen which was probably not microwaved enough !
Won't go back to this place !The music and food were good but the bartender was absolutely rude!!! I stood at the bar for over 10 minutes and was totally ignored while he stood there... not busy!!!  I have no drink and I am peeved :( Then later on, we were berated by the band leader (who was friends with someone in our group) for not tipping... when several of us had.Don't go to this place with fancy expectations; this is a neighborhood dive with reliable food and either very good or very strange performers in the back room (both in one day); something is on stage every night. Bartender is friendly, service is slow, manager is concerned, locals come here for not-pricey fare. Beer you order is not beer you get (twice), but Davis Rogan plays here and it is open late.Love this place! Had the patty melt...yum. Best French fries. Delicious. Live music. Overall great experience. Good service, cold beerWalked in this place randomly at midnight looking for food, and glad I did! Food was yummy and reasonably price, and Thomas the bar tender was AMAZING!
Red beans and rice with sausage is a MASSIVE plate of perfection.
Chorizo bean chili cheese fries hit the spot and are beyond delicious.the back room - decent atmosphere - happy local band - off Frenchman but just as much fun - hearty food - good prices. Recommend the place, the food and the music.I had lunch here while on my first ever NOLA visit. This is definitely a great spot to take a break from all the touristy places in town- I see why locals must love it! The food was good, but know that they have their own twist on some of the Louisiana standards, such as their jambalaya, which I enjoyed. Service was attentive and friendly. I'll definitely make this a stop the next time I'm in town.Pretty cool place. Bar in front, tables in back. The bartender was friendly, although a little "forgetful", shall we say. Some other patrons, "regulars" were very friendly and sociable. Prices were not bad. It smelled a little funky at the bar, though. 
It was fun, I'll go back when I'm in the area next.Buffa's is a gem.  We like it so well we went for brunch twice this week: on Sunday 12/30 and again on New Year's Day.  The back room also has good live music most nights of the week and the bar food in the front or back bar is top notch (one of the best burgers in New Orleans and amazing cheesecake!).  Buffa's is a definitely a neighborhood place, but one that loves visitors and by the end of your first visit, you'll feel like a regular too.The staff was friendly. Kitchen was VERY slow. 
We ordered boudin balls, a reuben, and the jambalaya. After what felt like an eternity we were told they were out of jambala, so red beans and rice replaced it.
The boudin balls and accompanying broth were amazing, though we were ready to start gnawing on the bar by the time they showed up.
The reuben was super delicious. For some reason I'm obsessing over the rye bread. The beans and rice were cold and the brat was just a regular ol store brat. The beans and rice were delicious though.
It was nice to be in a place that felt like locals hang out there.The bartender at Buffa's makes me want to say "F that dude!" He is rude and obnoxious. I realize he thinks this is his schtick, but it doesn't work. I wasn't the only patron tonight that was turned off.
I'll give two stars because I hear the food is good and the regulars are really nice.Went here two nights in a row and was not disappointed. Music was great and staff was fun. I recommend getting Kelly up there to sing with the band... She can really sing! Highly recommended.Buffa's is one of your classic 24/7 food spots in the quarter. It's a gem and doesnt feel touristy 
I have seen some weird stuff in there over the years whenever I visit but you know exactly what it is when you walk in. Definitely a dive, definitely not the greatest food, but it'll work for whatever you are looking for at that time.Fantastic chicken cordon bleu sandwich. Small room is smoky tho but back room is non smokingGreat dive bar with good food. Boudin balls were great and the red beans and rice were terrific!The grilled redfish Po-boy sandwich is excellent. I would have given this restaurant five stars, but the customer service could have been better.  I'm just saying!After reading some of the reviews I fear that I severely under explored their menu, as I mainly visited for the drinks, atmosphere and entertainment. Excellent selection (like 5 shelves) of hot sauces, the amazing staff keep you coming back and just might be lucky enough to walk in on a night that, New Orleans legend Davis Rogan is tickling the ivories.The food here was on par for a bar & grill. Nothing to write home about but it definitely got the job done. The live music on the other hand was FANTASTIC. No extra charge to listen to great musicians while eating dinner. 
We did feel bad for James the bartender/server/runner he had a full house (seriously more than 30 people!) and was doing it ALL himself. If this happens when you come you'll definitely wait. He was kind & as on top of things as he could be with that many guests. 
Management: get this man some help on a Friday evening during live music!! 
We'd recommend this joint if you want somewhere "the locals go"Buffa's is a neighborhood bar in front and a restaurant and live music venue in the rear. Located just across the street from the French Quarter on Esplanade and Burgundy. The menu is varied and consists of New Orleans food as well as American favorites. There are a number of items I would love to try but I can't seem to get past the burger. It's one of the best you will find anywhere. Juicy and delicious. What more can I say. As for the music; open mic on Wednesday, Royal Rounders on Saturday, a jazz brunch on Sunday morning with Some Like it Hot. But best of all is Thursday night featuring Aurora Nealand & Tom McDermott, 2 incredible musicians. Hungry or not, Thursday nights are a treat. 4/17/14 update. Finally broke my Buffa's burger addiction and tried the Shrimp Creole. It was amazing. Even better then the burger. Not a fancy place but I have had some of my best meals in NOLA at Buffa's.I LOVE a good friendly dive bar and I always seek them out everywhere I travel.  Buffa's is my go-to NOLA place and reminds me of my favorite corner watering holes in Wisconsin which is high praise coming from a state that drinks their breakfast, dinner and lunch. 
They do get a little fancy with the USB chargers below the bar but I won't hold that against them.  They also have purse hooks as well so they are trying to accommodate the drunk with charging and purse hanging needs.
We went there and friend ordered a shot of Jager and it came in a small rocks glass and was only $5 or $6 and was a HUGE pour.  All of the pours were good and the prices much more reasonable than most places.  The service is friendly but still a little edgy which I dig in a corner bar.
They do have bar food which is a notch above the norm. We always get the fried green beans with their dipping sauce.  It is a great snack for absorbing all of the booze.  
The place is pretty good size with a back room.  You have to zig-zag your way back to the room where they have the bathrooms.  The bathrooms get an A grade which is unusual for NOLA where you usually have to hover over the toilet.  
It's a little off the beaten path but well worth it.  If you are hanging on Frenchman street it is only a few block walk down Esplanade but well worth it!I was walking from my B&B towards the French Quarter and I happened upon this place. It is very much a hole in the wall, and very much a local place. The staff treats you like family and it is a very relaxed atmosphere. I ordered the jambalaya and let me tell you, it was fantastic! It had very little spice as far as heat goes, but was packed full of flavor. It's places like this that I love to go to, not only to they prove for the most part to have better food than the tourist places, but it has a home town feel to it.Food was OK. Place was a dive bar, but bartender was nice. The locals were interesting that hang out here regularly!!Come for the red beans and rice, a humorous banter with Huggy the lovely bartender who makes tastey bourbon drinks.  Recommended by concierge at St. Pierre's for a break from the mainstream.Had some friends in town this weekend, thought we'd try Buffa's again. 
Food is great, love the live music. Once again, no splitting the checks. 
Oh well, too many other good places in town that do split checks. 
Sorry guys, get with the times, nobody wants to pick up everyone's tab. I can understand if it's a large group, but a group of 2 couples is ridiculous.My wife and I went to Buffa's Back Room a couple of times during our recent visit to New Orleans. We were there mainly for the music, which was excellent, but the food was much better than we expected it to be, and the service was also great - very professional, and just attentive enough without being obtrusive. I only wish the other patrons had been more respectful of the music, and of those of us who were listening to it. (Many were in fact quite attentive, but in such a small room one or two loud tables can be very disruptive.)Great friendly staff. Service was super fast. The band playing was very talented. We had a group of 3 and immediately were sat at a great table in the front.
We had the boudin balls and alligator balls, both delicious. Two of us had the shrimp creole, a classic and tasty. My husband had the shrimp carrot croquettes which were by far the best thing on our table. 
Great local place! A new favorite!The bloody Mary's are a tasty and spicy way to start the day. The seafood omelette is huge with shrimp cheese and crawfish corn sauce. Paula had gumbo and biscuits and gravy. ExcellentAmazing food amazing service!!!! Came to visit my brother from Chicago and went to Buffa's to see the game (World Cup) had a great time! Stopping by to take some gator balls to the Chi!Burgers are great, red beans and rice is great, drinks are well priced and there is always a random movie playing on the TV. The bar is perfect if you're looking for a dive that will make you want to be a regular.Great place to relax and enjoy some music. Real feel of New Orleans! People are so nice here. Must visit!the back was too packed to listen to some jazz so we sat out in front. we were just there to wait out the weather before heading to Jazz Fess.  BEST. JAMBALAYA. EVER.  
Bloody Mary's are nothing fancy but damn good - lots of alcoholI appreciate that I can drink in the back and because that's technically the dining room...no smoking! But I do love the atmosphere of the front bar.  Drinks are fine, just don't expect fancy pants ones.  Staff is friendly and snarky (a personal favorite combination).
LOVE the fried green bean snack as an alternative to straight up fries.Late night food options, a host of energetic, social bar mates and live music is what you will find on a Friday night.  On a holiday like Thanksgiving when you have a taste for an adult beverage and would like to place a to go alcohol order because you  are passenger after all, look no further. Buffa's is the place for you. And if you a turning up your nose at the idea of a taco adult beverage, I think it's important to note that there are 13 places other than New Orleans (in the US)  where this is commonplace (Kansas City P&L District, Ohio, Nebraska (Lincoln),etc). 
Wow it seems that my original plan is usually not to venture over to Buffa's, I always leave with the thought that I should frequent this establishment more than I do. There are several solid food options for any and every palette, and there is ample seating between the front bar area and back to hold a pretty nice size crowd. If loud music is not your thing, I would recommend sitting up front. 
Parking on Esplanade Avenue is never a walk in the park, but with a little patience you should be able to find something between Esplanade and Rampart which is a short distance away.I was headed to Port Of Call for a burger and the line was WAY too long. So, we headed across the street to Buffa's. The place might not be super nice... pretty much a dive bar, but the service was good and the burgers were amazing!!! I can't recommend any of the other food, but I recommend the burgers over Port of Call's any day. They serve blackened burgers... mmm, mmm. good. 
Also, their jukebox has a great selection of music!Dive bar. Open 24hrs. Cheap cold beer. Dog friendly. Usually has good food, but service can be off and something always gets screwed up. Cheese fries are amazing. Free wifi.Buffa's is my absolute favorite place to visit when I'm in town, especially for Sunday brunches. If you want a loud, fun good time while eating, Some Like It Hot is the Sunday in-house band that plays NOLA jazz and they really are a fun bunch. They should be paid professionals rather than doing this for tips. They have such chemistry and are a ball to watch. They clearly are up there doing it every Sunday because they LOVE to. The food and drinks here are great too. If you're not worried about your carbs or how fluffy you're getting, order Scott's Eggs. It's breaded eggs deep fried in pork sausage. It's f**king amazing. 
No visit to NOLA is complete without coming to Buffa's.Great great breakfast spot Miss Holly is always entertaining. 24/7 you never know who you might run into.  NCIS cast and crew. American horror story casting crew. You just never know.When I asked the bartender what was good on the menu, she laughed at me. "Everything," she said, laughing. I'm a tourist. She knows it. And I'm the ONLY tourist. I laughed with her for a minute and asked her for her favorite, her recommendation. She laughed again. "Everything." Honestly, at this point, I'm ready to leave. How can you not recommend a selection? How can you laugh at your customer when he's legitimately asking for advice on how to spend money? 
In any case, I wound up eating a Redfish Po'Boy and some Shrimp Creole. To say the fish was delicious was an understatement. I wanted some bar food, and I left having eaten one of the most delicious cuts of fish in my life. Fresh, vibrant, perfectly spiced and blackened. The Shrimp Creole had depth and heat that only accentuated my sandwich. Both dishes were made with love. I felt like I was 10 years old at my kitchen table. 
While I ate, a local musician played classical piano in the background. I honestly can't recommend this place enough. I wish there were a sixth star. Sadly, being out of town, it will be a long time before I ever come back; but Buffa's might be the reason I buy a plane ticket.The food was really good :) the place is a dive though. I was kinda skeeved out sitting there but the food was good. I had Red Beans & Rice!! Delish!! Plus a burger, also great!! My husband got one to go and he loved his, too. My friend got the catfish Po' Boy and told me they are always on point. Pretty good in the 'hood. I think this is a good option when you want something quick, super casual and are in the mood for your standard bar food + a little extra NOLA flavor.Cool spot with a relaxed vintage vibe. I immediately liked the look of it with its checker board floors and funky murals. The dining room's a good place to hide out if you enjoy live jazz and have some time to kill. Be sure to bring a jacket, though; it is freezing!
The food's tasty. I had the chef salad which was well seasoned with plenty of fresh, crisp goodness. They participate in eatfit NOLA, so if you're after lighter fare, they've got you covered. They even offer a veggie burger.
Our server was quick and friendly, and we never went without water.We showed up, very excited, for the Jazz brunch on a Sunday. Being first timers, we didn't know where to go to check in or get our names in the list, so we walked up to the bar and tried to flag down a waitress. One was too busy SMOKING to even look up. When she finally did, I started to ask where we need to go to sign in, and she interrupted me to say "you can't talk to me. You'll have to order from her!". The lady she was referencing said "yeah, you'll have to go through me anyhow. Don't even bother ordering from her!". My husband stepped up and said we are just trying to get our name on the wait list. She said we were on the dog and smoking side and the other side was the Jazz and non smoking side... To try going over there. We did, and could never find a hostess or a server that would make eye contact, so we left. They are too busy to care about being courteous or helpful, and the place smells like feet and smoke. The Ruby Slipper is 5 minutes away and has EXTREMELY friendly staff and amazing food. Go there instead!What can you say ... It's sad when a great place is just not that great anymore. Sad so sad 
Once was a fantastic late night spot with good New Orleans bar food.
Ate there last night and was not terrible happy about any of it. 
Jalapeño poppers straight out the Freezer bag from Walmart., blah
Onion rings though looked amazing 
where not cooked through so runny flour paste on inside in edible mostly 
Boudin balls where fried almost hard 
and the crawfish cream sauce was nothing more than tiny frozen crawfish in watery flavorless milky liquid. 
My burger was passable though it did come dressed incorrectly. Service it self was marginal and not terribly attentive, bar had people but not overly busy. Much better options exist a few blocks away, I'll leave this place to rest in my memories of better times.. And the tourist and recent transplants can have this new incarnationI have never once been disappointed here. The service is quick and attentive, the food is great and there are always interesting characters here. Another great thing is that the back room is smoke-free and has live music. I have had friends work here and know they keep a clean kitchen and use quality ingredients.I love Buffas. I'd give it 5 stars if it want for the lower than average cleanliness. The shrimp Creole is great, the Redfish Poboy amazing. The burgers, hot wings, Creole green beans, fried corn nuggets, etc. are all great. I eat here all the time. If you're looking for great food at 4:00 in the morning, defiantly go to Buffa's.Christy was amazing!!! We came here for my bachelor party. Ask for Christy.get the creole sheimp.We went to Buffa's because we heard the food was good (it was). We stayed because of the staff. Kelley & Rebecca were spot on - knew about the food at their own place and at other places, plus about New Orleans in general. The live music was awesome too - a 40's sounding group called Dapper Dandies (I think ) who were very good. We had the veggie burgers - spicy, with black beans, delish! - which came with fresh zuchinni sautéed in a butter sauce. Go now & look for Kelley & Rebecca!the best - If you are in  NoLa on a Sunday their Jazz Brunch, which is mainly locals, and highlighted by a dixieland Jazz Band - is not to be missed.  Oh - and the food is good and oh - you can;t go wrong with $3.00 mimosas which is rally bubbly with a "Splash" of OJ. Couple that with friendly service- ya gotta goFun place with great, friendly staff and good music during their shows. Old movies usually on the TV--a plus! Huggy Bear will spoil your dogs--very dog-friendly and a neighborhood institution.It was a block away from home, and everything else in town was a 2 hr wait for dinner.   We stopped in on this friday evening and found 3 seats at the bar (in the back area), just as the entertainment was starting.  The bar tender took care of us well, and we ate and drank and had great music for the evening.   I had the burger, which was excellent, gigantic, and very juicy.Low key reasonably priced food off the beaten track. Great music and friendly waitstaff. I highly recommend it. The redfish was bomb.I love this place, so much. Im here at least once a week. I would also love to give it 5 stars. But the bartender named Tom is completely awful. He needs to go. Arguing with customers is not okay. My boyfriend and I asked for a certain type of hot sauce to go with our food. He proceeded to start an argument and  tell me that i didnt need that kind of sauce because i cant tell the difference between hot sauces anyway. He started yelling and calling me names because i refused to engage in his ridiculousness. He even stooped and called me whoopi goldberg because im black. I look nothing like whoopi.Buffas is our kind of dive bar.  We seem to seek out places where locals come to gather. A big plus is being dog friendly.  Scotty was the bartender and he was attentive and helped us with NOLA suggestions since we are Michigan folks. Garry had redfish po boy which he said was the best fish he ever had. I had gator balls with yummy crawfish sauce and homemade potato salad ....yummo.The only good thing about a very VERY odd night. I worked a night shift, and ended up on a psuedo-date. We walked to Buffa's at 3:30am, and I was told the corned beef hash was the best thing on the menu. Well ain't that the truth, Ruth?
The service was friendly, and the hash and eggs were PERFECTLY cooked. I ate every bite,  although my poor stomach wanted to burst not even halfway through the plate. There was no stopping me, and I sure as hell didn't want to share one bite!
I tell you, Buffa's: I see the beginnings of a beautiful friendship here.  A week [and no second date] later, I barely remember psuedo-date... but that hash and eggs... I remember that like it was yesterday.This was my very first stop in New Orleans on my vacation. I just wanted some fried bar food and a good drink. It was absolutely pouring that day but we got a good parking spot and ran inside and we're caught off guard at how small the place really is. It was really dark and some of their workers were just sitting around being kind of creepy. The main guy that took our order and made our drinks was pretty friendly and helped us find some other places that would be good. The gator balls weren't bad, our  drinks were good and the grilled cheese and fries were pretty typical.Buffa's burger tops overrated Port of Call IMO, and it's much better than Yo Mama's. And you can actually get it with french fries!!
Service is friendly and the last time I went I was comped a round of drinks because the kitchen was so busy that it took longer than normal to get our yummy burgers. 
I don't know if they have a "walk the plank" but their burgers are darn good and I will be heading back soon!Stopped by for a late lunch with friends during visit. Food was not bad, however another guest came in with a dog. The guest sat the dog in a chair next to another guest and allowed the dog to lick the other guest. The dog was also licking the bar and the bartender was playing with the dog. When preparing a drink for another guest, the bartender did not wash his hands nor did he wipe down the bar area where the dog was licking. I don't have a problem with dogs, but this just seems unsanitary.Buffa's was walkable to our place in New Orleans, so my friend and I stopped by for drinks and some dinner on a Monday night. It was packed so we grabbed a high-top and some stools just inside the back room's entrance. We ordered vodka tonics that were strong enough to eliminate any need for a second round, followed by simple but tasty house salads. The redfish po-boy had too much sambal sauce but the fish was delicious. Our favorite part of all was the live music that accompanied our meal. Service was a little slow but we had a great time and would come back!I love Buffa's because it doesn't pretend to be anything but what it is; a great bar on the edge of the French Quarter serving locals.
With that being side you never know what you will walk into when you push that door. Yesterday I walked in on a local shaking her thang for some out of towners. She was having a blast, they were having a blast even the guy playing the poker machine was having a blast.
Now Buffa's does two things well; serve booze at all hours of the night and believe it or not cook some great food. 
The wings are most, if you like spicy make sure to go for the 3.5 spicy and up. When they come out of the back those wings will be steaming hot and covered in the great Buffa's hot sauce. The ranch dressing is made fresh and it is so good.
Now they do have some signature dishes on the menu that I have yet to try but I tell you the burgers have never let me down. 
This time I had The Gotham Knight a delicious burger patty, mushrooms and deep fried country ham! It will knock your socks off! Oh I almost forgot don't expect to see any lettuce or tomatoes that's stuff is for losers. Do however expect some very crunchy and delicious fries which come with the burger.
Huggie is usually behind the bar and can serve up just about anything along with a joke or a bit of sarcasm. 
So eat and drink at Buffa's it what the locals do!Fantastic atmosphere and food. The burger was really good. And the service from Kelley and the other bartender was fantastically friendly and on it!! New favorite bar!!As fate would have it, I live very proximate to Buffa's. So other than Verti Mart, they are my go to for impromptu grub sessions. Translated, too damn lazy to fix dinner. Grab a burger, or a Ruben or a BLT or their Seared Ahi Tuna sandwich. They are all excellent. The kitchen there definitely has a a pro running it. Food comes out timely and hot.
Buffa's has two separate and distinct environments. The bar up front, permits smoking, has great bartenders and is an interesting place to hang out. Everybody is a friendly face and they do a good job at making  you feel welcome. 
Now the backroom at Buffa's is the hot ticket. This room is a no smoking, spacious dining area, with some form of entertainment every night of the week, including a great Open Mic on Wednesday nights. David Roe is the host and he does an excellent job of keeping it lively. If you show up to play, you get a free drink after your performance and 50% off your food order. But it's a bargain at any price.
Also, the backroom has coffee service every morning at 7am, so if your green tea just isn't doing it, you can drop by for a hot cup of coffee and usually, a dose of MSNBC.
If you haven't visited this neighborhood haunt, you are missing out.Awesome restaurant with singularly the best bartender I've ever seen. Boone did a great job - super entertaining. Food was fabulous.  Looking forward to another visit!Good food, good service, good music, good drinks, good times! I've had a couple Cajun dishes here most recently the Seafood Stew (may have gotten the name wrong) it was tomato based and featured grilled (super delicious) grilled shrimp tho so that will lead you to the right dish.An extra star for the talented musicians, but could do without the political commentary on Christmas morning. 
Ordered the shrimp and grits, underwhelmed. Onions and peppers were raw and seeking buttery grits, quite bland.Okay, so you get points for offering fried gator balls and a crawfish cream sauce for under 10 dollars at 1 am. I think that's all that matters. This was the last stop on our lone bender (I know, we're all getting old), and it wasn't the kind of experience (hello Verti Mart) where you'll eating something so satisfying that you'll be pulled out of your maudlin drunken stupor, but it was good enough. I'll have to come back and see if it holds up under my sobriety.A highlight of my trip for sure. Great little local, divey spot on the edge of the Quarter. Live music, cheap drinks, solid food menu.  Felt much more authentic than anywhere else in the Quarter. Was refreshing to chat with some locals!Came for breakfast. Didn't get my food until lunchtime. Food is great. Service leaves a lot to be desired.When we walked in the door we were greeted with this,amazing band playing on the stage. Though the place was small I was pleased to see they can accommodate groups and we had 7 in our party. You can't  beat the price for bloody mary's and mimosas. They were five dollars. I ordered the eggs Benedict . Unfortunately when the food came out they forgot my order. Not only did they comp my drink but the comp the entire table. The food was amazing especially the biscuts.  If you want to go to the edge of the quarter head here for an amazing brunch with a great band!So, the bass player at the Sunday brunch band called out out as tourists right away. We must have looked the part. The service and the band were extremely friendly. The dixieland band took a break and they came around to visit various tables, and said goodbye to us in the middle of a song as we left. The food and the music were really good. Don't expect Comander's Place, because this place is a dive. I would not go except to the Sunday bruch. Brunch  was a hilight of the trip.Fantastic atmosphere and food. The burger was really good. And the service from Kelley and the other bartender was fantastically friendly and on it!! New favorite bar!!5 stars? really? 
yah, gotta say Buffas is mah spot.  Buffas is staffed by people who love being in this city, serving people who love this city.  The staff are a small cast of characters that are joy to be around.  From regular music gigs, to football games, to film festivals, Buffas bar and the backroom are great hangouts.
The greatest secret in New Orleans is that Buffas serves the best burger in town (don't let the tourists at PoC know, though).24 hour totally decent reasonable food, drink, divey, with a little attitude. 
This is a pretty serious industry place. Staff might be rude, but the drinks are cheap and you get what you pay for.
For instance, last night the bad attitude stoned girl was coming on while drunk lady was getting off. There was no service for about 20 minutes while we waited for them to work out how to change shifts.
You'd think they'd have gotten it worked out, seeing as they do it every bloody night, but they didn't.
The only thing keeping it from that hard-to-get fourth star is the jukebox. One of those where some wanker can come in and download whatever they want. 
Well, that, the smoke, and the hope to keep people away so I can get a seat.Went in for a burger, ended up with a surprise jazz brunch on a Saturday. Good concept, decent band, but food, service and cleanliness leave a lot to be desired. I don't want to trash the place, but I won't be returning.Where everybody knows your name...
Walk in and you'll find the friendliest drunks and most tentative, polite bartender you'd ever to expect in a NOLA dive.
Me and my mates came here after being let down by typically 24-hour La Peniche a few blocks away and boy did we luck out.
The vibe was great with good conversation taking place throughout, family guy on the boob tube and drinks flowing.
Coming here with intent on only eating, I was greeted and followed up by, "  Now I'm real sorry, but we're in construction right now so this is all I can offer you on the menu 'til we get things straight again."
This was interrupted by a polite/drunk, "But EVERYTHING on that menu if freggin' AWWWWWESOME, especially the cheese fries... not EXCLUSIVELY, but ESPECIALLY."  My friend immediately ID'd the man as a lawyer and we ordered off of a photo copied menu of  less than 10 items written on lined paper in chicken stratch...
Talk about CHARACTER!  It was a great end to a night with a fantastically toasted ruben, onion rings and jalapeno poppers.
We all loved this joint.I went here Thursday night with Anne, who according to Yelp, is my only friend in the world (Yelping is so lonely : P).  We walked in through the front door into what appeared to be an average bar, but we were planning on eating and listening to music, so we wound our way through the labyrinthine hallway to the back, which looked like a completely different building, grabbed a table, and were promptly greeted by our waitress, whose name, I think, was Bonnie.  She was tending bar and serving everyone in the room.  While it wasn't terribly busy, her down home manner, efficiency, and attention to detail was impressive.  Some have expressed dissatisfaction with the service, but we didn't have any such problem.  Our waitress was great.  She seemed so busy, I almost felt bad for her.  But she wasn't stressing so neither did I.  We each started with a $4 glass of wine, which for the price wasn't a bad vino, and enjoyed the mellow jazz standards being performed by a duo of a singing woman and a guitarist.  So far, so good.
Then it was time to order food, because, um, that's why we were there.  The menu is very much in the American/Louisiana pub food tradition.  The most adventurous thing on the menu to me was the bleu cheese cole slaw, so I ordered that to start and a BLT for an entree.  The food tasted fine enough, but next time I'll have to ask for the food to be a bit drier.  After a few bites of the cole slaw, I realized it was more of a cold cabbage soup than a slaw.  The bowl was literally 2/3rds full of water and slaw juice.  I could only finish half of it as it was just too soggy.  That's okay, because it was probably still worth the low price ($3.50, if I remember correctly).   Similarly, the BLT tasted fine.  Really, how can you mess that up?  But again, it was a bit on the wet side.  While I did ask for the sambal mayonnaise, I didn't ask for a liter of it.  Still, too much is better than too little.  If you don't want a mayo sandwich with a little BLT thrown in, you can always scrape off some of the mayo.  
In addition, they open up early and have coffee and free wifi, so if you live in the Marigny triangle and want a nice unpretentious place to start your day, I'd say that this place is probably a good bet, though I haven't tried their breakfast/brunch.  I wouldn't make a special trip from any real distance, but living in the neighborhood, I'm glad to know this place is there.Monty Banks, the man, the myth, the legend, was playing in the back bar. It was awesome! He's such a great entertainer. There was a great lounge feeling going on & the bartender was attentive. So glad that I went. I've been to the front a million times at 3 a.m. to grab a burger on the way home, but this was my first in the back room. Will definitely check out more shows there.We arrived quite late in the evening (~10:30pm) after a long day of watching parades on St. Charles Ave.  It was fairly busy, but we were seated in the back room without more than a 10 minute delay.  So far, so good!
We ordered drinks and food, and then waited...and waited...and waited...and waited.  After an hour, the wait staff offered us a free shot (which is why this isn't a one star review). By the time the food came it was tepid and the quality was, frankly, pretty pedestrian.  
Our increasing hangryness was goaded further by the band, who described their music as "gypsy," but would have been more appropriately billed as "Desconsolate 1920s Eastern Block Workers' music."  Imagine coming off of a buzz, hungry as all get out, and subjected to a bass drum-pounding Euphonium-player and her coterie of streampunk violinists, tromping through a set of depressing durges (some of which were unaccountably sung in Spanish and embellished by cue cards (of which many were also in Spanish)). The one time they steered into up-tempo jazz, the patrons started dancing in their seats and singing.  But they nevertheless plunged right back into their dull, grey set.  I know this is a Buffa's review, and not one of the band, but, I dunno, maybe book something a little bit more seasonally appropriate for a packed dining room of Carnival revelers?  I talked to one of the violinists outside who seemed like a good guy, and who said he's normally in a "gypsy punk" band, but plays with this more "classical" outfit occasionally.  I'm pretty sure I speak for the entire room when I say I would have preferred the punk version, sight unseen.
Long story short, this place looks cool, and I'm sure the bar is just fine, but avoid like the plague if you're hungry and there's a crowd.  And maybe give the band a listen to, first, too.A friend and I decided to check out a comedy show here and when we walked in we immediately realized that we were both really hungry. Buffa's serves food! Perfect! I think that you can eat in the front bar, but the show we were seeing was in the dining area, so we just headed back there.
Looking over the menu, it really does seem like Buffa's has everything. Burgers, sandwiches, breakfast food and even alfredo are all on the menu. I was in the mood for a sandwich, so I decided on a club on rye bread. It came out pretty fast and it was huge! I was so hungry, I didn't even take a picture of it, I just jumped in. It was delicious with turkey, ham and bacon and I finished the entire thing. 
The bartender, who took the order, was super nice and friendly. Although he was busy, he was attentive and was sure to ask how everything was. Buffa's is open 24 hours, so this is a really cool place to stop and eat after a wild night in the quarter. I also really like that the dining area is smoke free.
Now that I am familiar with Buffa's menu, I think I will definitely come back and eat here again.Great bar with a great history, beers are cheap and so is the liquor, place just could use a little clean up along with some air freshener.  I really enjoyed the few beers that we had there and the company of the bartender and would definitely return if we were in the area looking for a few drinks.Only stopped in for a few beers after doing much the same at Harry's Corner.  This place had some character, interesting folks there and interesting staff, I felt pretty much at home.  They were having an open mic in the backroom too while we were there.  I have to go back and check this place out again to get the full experience, just had two beers max and split.This smoky dive bar is located in the New Orleans Marigny right on Esplanade Ave and his a favorite of food industry workers and locals alike.  When you walk in it's a small and somewhat dingy bar but the back area has a nice dining area with another bar and plenty of tables and chairs to eat. I go there for the burger. I think it's a good one and a great late night snack or early morning treat depending how late you've been working or been out partying. Goes well with a strong Bloody Mary.Our group stopped in at the back dining room after a morning bike ride tour of the city. We had originally planned to stop in at Port of Call for a burger, but as we approached it, it was obvious there was a line out the door. Just as we were passing by, a small group of locals told us it was best to skip Port of Call and go one block further down to Buffa's for a "cheaper burger and better music."
As it turns out, Saturday afternoons mean live Jazz/folk music in the back room at Buffa's, and this was the best part of our visit. Such talent and a sense of community among the musicians. 
We ordered burgers and sandwiches, and they were just okay. Nothing special and probably a bit overpriced. We sat at the bar, and the sole bartender seemed overwhelmed and maybe also a little bit out of it. Perhaps it was the heat and noise in that small space. No matter, the music made up for everything. All in all, it shakes out to this:
Food: 2 stars
Service: 2 stars
Music/Atmosphere: 4 starsWe ate here twice during our visit. It was delicious both times. I would recommend it and go again. My only real complaint is the wait service was not always good.The first time we were ignored while waiting to be seated, and almost left but the male bartender(I think the owner) convinced us to stay and he was awesome and provided great service. The second time the female bartender/server gave us attitude multiple times, kept getting annoyed when she couldn't go on a cigarette break, and we waited a long time for our food. Both times we went they were out of different things. And we were given the wrong food item, but the waitress/bartender insisted it was correct and we were wrong. So we shut up and ate our food. Inside it looks dirty, dingy and old, which adds to it's charm, afterall it is open 24 hours, in a historic part of New Orleans, and mostly a bar at night. And holy gosh, the food was AMAZING. I have never had alligator, but the alligator balls are the most delicious things I have ever tried. Their fried green beans were delicious too and we loved our burgers. Everything we ate was surprisingly delicious and I highly recommend the food. Again, we will go back.The blackened redfish was delicious. Not spicy. But seasoned excellently. A fantastic trio, the Honey Pots, performed while we ate. A great evening.After a few more visits to Buffa's, I'm upgrading my rating to 4 stars. While this is by no means a "four star restaurant", it is four stars for what it is - a great neighborhood bar/restaurant with live music. I love the open microphone nights on Wednesday and I've found their red beans and rice with smoked sausage to be excellent. 
If you want great neighborhood charm, cold beer, good food, and live music, Buffa's is a super choice.Hi. I'm from Los Angeles and was waiting years just to try a port of call burger. I waited in line for 2 hours and loved it. But the next day I decided to try buffa's. Their burger in fact blew Port of call out of the water! Best burger in the world, right here!! Get the Star Wars one! 
Also the kitchen staff was on point, one of the cooks was even singing along to his philosophy podcast. 
Overall A+++++       10/10       5 stars. Hell 10 stars. 
2 thumbs up.            100 golden burgers.Have gone to Buffa's for years for the juke box. But can't take the smoking in the bar. Now go for wonderful "Treme" watching parties on Sunday nights in the back room when in town--great local crowd, no smoking, local musicians (many of whom have appeared in "Treme"), red beans and rice or burger or pulled pork sandwich, a great neighborhood vibe, respectful crowd. Don't miss it when you are in New Orleans.Can I just say that the service and food was terrible and unfortunately this was not the first time it was bad!  I ordered a Buffa Burger and fries  to go - waited one hour for it while everyone around me was served who ironically ordered after I did.  Received the bill and had to pay an additional $1.00 for a to go order.  When I got home two doors down from Buffas I opened the box and had 6 French fries and a nasty burger.  
During this hour I asked the bartender what's taking so long and she said we only have one cook and we are busy because of French Quarter Fest she then said wait till Jazz Fest!  I have been other times and on "NON-FESTIVAL weekends and  the service was still TERRIBLE!  I will not go back nor will I recommend it!!!!!'AMAZING BLOODY'S, AMAZING BARTENDER named Huggie Bear and AMAZING conversations!!! We had just rolled into town so I'm sad that we were not hungry yet. We loved this little bar :)Stopped in on a Tuesday for movie and game night and some food. We had chicken wings, fries with a side of their cheese sauce, and an order of Boudin balls (they are made with shellfish). My husband had level 3-hot wings and I asked for -1, but they don't go lower than 1. Huggy, running the spot, said they would basically be like a garlic butter on them. Their ranch dressing, which I would normally dip my wings in, had too much dill for my liking. The bartender suggested using the cheese sauce that came with my fries. They make the sauce themselves. My husband made one similar to it at home once. Tasted like they started with a rue. There was no food left and we were stuffed. 
They have a regular bar in the front and the "back room", where the restaurant was, did not allow smoking. It was off the beaten path in a residential area.
We never did see a movie playing or games going on, though we were told they would be shortly after arriving. That was actually okay with us since we weren't going to stay long.Came here with the lady after spending a day in the quarter. I could not complain about the burger that I had. The cheese fries were not my fave, but that is because I like cheddar on mine, not american. (That is my personal preference). My lady friend had the ham and cheese sandwich and it was amazing!! Great job on that one. I had the standard burger and I felt like I cheated myself by not getting the ham and cheese po-boy!Dreamed of eating authentic and delicious crayfish etouffee until last night. OMG. It was so good I forgot to take a photo to share with all y'all! This is the Platinum Standard. Also, I ordered the blackened redfish which was good but a tad on the salty side (and I like salt). Will I come back for more. You Betcha!!! I owe you a photo!!!This place has cockroaches walking ALL over the bar and on liquor bottles!!! Worst service ever! 
I walked in on a Monday night (pretty slow night) and not once did they acknowledge me. I sat there for 15 mins with waiters passing me by, and absolutely no acknowledgement. 
With terrible service and cockroaches ON the bar, I ended up leaving.YAYYYYY even smaller servings for the same price! WAHOOO! Now I get to get fast food, of the same quality, on my way home.
For $6 a plate, you should get more than what is servedFantastic burgers with no ridiculous lines, and your dog is welcome.  We're proud to call this place our "local".Best late night food in New Orleans, great drinks, sort of odd company. Holly is probably the best overnight bartender in the city. Bring back the boudin balls tho.This review if for Jazz Brunch only. First off; this was my fourth day in New Orleans, so I had gotten used to the substandard level of service which seems to be generally accepted by the entire city. That aside, I had a glorious breakfast here and fully enjoyed the jazz music and the mimosas. I had the eggs Benedict and the minus a star is because I asked for regular bacon instead of Canadian bacon; was told a firm No, and it took foorreeevvveeerrrr to get our food. Outside of that this place is awesome. The Jazz Band really makes it an experience and the main lady is so awesome. She gets everyone in such a great mood. I felt as if this place make me feel more in new Orleans then any other place I visited in the entire weekend!
Tip: Cash only and seat yourselfI didn't have the pleasure of listening to the music in the back room. Sat at bar in front. Arrived in New Orleans on Christmas Day and was looking to eat in Marigny. Buffas was one of few places open. Obviously, a bar venue with a menu. That is all. No food science here, but that's ok. I ordered brat sandwich, came with fries. It was as would be expected, though fries were not hot. Trouble us, I was 3/4 of the way through the sandwich when a rather large roach crawled off my plate. No more, thank you. I didn't say anything because the couple next to me were waiting for their food and I didn't want to upset them. After that, I looked around and there were several plastic trash containers behind the bar that had not been emptied. My suggestion would be to enjoy the place for what it is, a bar with simple drinks, dare I say dive bar, and avoid the food.We ate the Buffa burger and it was delicious.  Very much as good as Portocall without the wait.   Their Jambalaya and wings are also delicious.  Add the free music and it is a great, non-tourist place to be.  We locals love it.Love this place, When im at work at Melrose Mansion I always call an order something from there. I love the divey feeling when you walk in and makes me want to grab a drink and chat it up with the locals. I recently got the club(which is amazing). Its filled with ton of meat...Yummm!! Its making me want another one lol Also I love that when you walk in you may even see a pup hanging out :) I def recommend having a beer and something to snack on here.Buffa's is deserving of some love; friendly, homey bar with tasty food and the most local style Jazz Brunch in the Quarte to boot.  An easy going off-Bourbon / off-Frenchmen neighborhood spot with some really nice bartenders, the kind of place you can comfortably drink at for hours and get the kind of bar tab you are not scared to look at.
Really though, the jazz brunch is the thing. 2 bucks for mimosas, worthy Bloody Mary's, a 3 piece dixieland band, and some fine neighborhood style food.  Both bleary and bright eyed locals, along with whichever tourists are smart enough to stay away from the Court of Two Sisters, mix to make this an easy and enjoyable Sunday morning. (Morning meaning 11 AM - 2 PM...that's morning enough for me).The breakfast was great - poached eggs and runny and crispy bacon. Bloody Mary wasn't quite what it could've been. Friendly place.We loved this place!  The food was all good, and we ordered a lot.  We ended up eating there the last two nights we were in NOLA.  My favorite was the deep fried green beans.  They tasted like green beans inside an onion ring.  Money!  The biscuits and gravy were awesome too.  The atmosphere was great with live music playing in the background, and our bartender/server Loren was a super cool dude.  Friendly and chill, treated us good.  We will definitely be back to buffa's when we visit again from Cali!Stopped here during a road trip. I had my puppy with me and could not find a pet friendly restaurant. Scott, the bartender/server, was awesome. He welcomed me, my dog and two friends in with open arms. The place is a good location on the border of the French Quarter. The décor was dive bar-ish and could use a quick clean (lots of flies) but had amazing food. The fries and boudin balls were by far the best items we ate. Scott was a great server. He even gave my dog some bacon strips and her own glass of water. Buffa's really made my trip to NOLA 10 times better. Thank you for the hospitality!went here fod late nite food. service was good but the blts we all was just ok.  the live band was okThis is my go to bar food joint. Why wait in line for port of call when you've got  Buffa's? 
I'm such a regular in the back that when I walk in the door Kelly has the kitchen throw my order of fried green beans in and my Nola and diet on the bar. She is my favorite. 
The fried green beans should really be served in powder form and on a mirror. They are that good, addicting, and life changing. 
What makes this joint even more special is that the front bar is 24/7 and so is the kitchen. 
Besides the food and drinks this bar is just all around awesome. One night after drinking a few too many Nola spice and diets, we talked another patron into bringing in a fresh tuna he caught. We then talked the kitchen into cooking said fish. It was amazing... it's that kind of joint. 
I could go on and on about stories here, but you can probably catch me in the bar stool and I will just tell you then.This place was a gem!  Great service, delicious low priced food and excellent live music!   Exactly like a true NOLA feel should be.  The croquettes and wings were scrumptious and I would definitely return and highly recommend this spot.This place is great! We've eaten here twice since our stay. Small menu, but it does not matter. Everything's great. They've also got a great special board on the wall that has a fresh appetizer and entree on it. They've also got a nice beer an liquor selection with great bar service.Buffas is the quintessential NOLA dive bar/restaurant. A very diverse crowd comprised mostly of locals come for whiskey, live music, and food - probably in that order. With that said, the food is surprisingly good. My wife thinks they have the best cheeseburger in town. And we enjoy the music.If you want to avoid the tourists and get a neighborhood vibe with good food and live music on a funday Sunday brunch this is the place.Buffa's was a good place to stop for dinner on the way to evening stuff in the French Quarter. First-timers, we unknowingly sat up front in the bar area, but that was probably better from a conversation standpoint than in the back where the stage is. We had to be someplace before the 7 pm brass band anyway, which made me sad.
Food was pretty good. I had planned on getting a burger, but got waylaid when I saw shrimp creole. It was tomato-y and fairly fiery but not painfully so; I enjoyed it. The garlic toast with it was way too dark, I was surprised they let it leave the kitchen. I thought about sending it back but decided I didn't need the carbs anyway. The po'boy, burger and pasta elsewhere at the table also got good-if-not-lifechanging reviews.
The service was friendly and quick, which was a good thing that night since we had a deadline. And the 24-hour kitchen may just come in handy come Mardi Gras time.Buffas back door. Excellent local music. Tonight Susie Malone formerly of the Pfizer sisters. Nice to have an early set for music and really good food. Had the grilled redfish poor boy. Everyone around me seemed to enjoy what they ordered. Great wait staff nice crowdI love this place! A local bar/restaurant that draws an eclectic crowd. Open 24 hrs and the food is always good no matter what time of day!Food was great. We were seated right away. Loved the music. Jonathan and Kelly were great and had some wonderful recommendations. Will definitely be back.Huggy is the best bartender ever. Good guy, slings great drinks. Seriously chill local vibe. Love coming here with my dog. A neighborhood gem!My husband and I went to Buffa's our very first afternoon in New Orleans. We were staying at a guest house up the street and our host recommended Buffa's for their great burgers, live music, and cold beer. Our food was fantastic (Gator Balls appetizer, Redfish Poboy, and Logan's Run for the Border burger - all just killer). We enjoyed Buffa's so much we ended up coming back later in our vacation for a late night snack, beer, and great music. Special shout-out to Scottie the bartender and chef Lindsay for such a good experience!I enjoyed the food and the music was amazing. I had the two eggs meal which was superb! The only downfall was the women waiting on people she had a bit of an attitude. Everyone else seemed more friendly. This visit was a one time deal as I don't live in New Orleans. If you come try to go when there are less people. Maybe the women running the show will be a bit more relaxed. 
But if you are hungry and enjoy REAL biscuits and live jazz band music this is the place. Don't be fooled by the bar entrance there is more space around the back.I'm not going to get anyone fired or reprimanded. I'm glad you take your horrible service & lousy food seriously. This place wouldn't last in my neck of the woods. But I guess in a town full of cluelessness a clueless staff & lousy food is considered good. I'm serious about food. K-Paul's, The Grapevine & Chickie Wah Wah saved Nola this trip. Your place almost buried the New Orleans Food Scene this trip. Good Luck correcting things. For a town that brags about its food, y'all got a long way to go to come close to NYC. Forgedaboutit...Decent bar but what happened with this bartender? Who doesn't know how to type prep cheese on the side? Automatically I have to have cheese even when I don't want it? Its simple. Where is the owner /manager? Stop drinking behind the bar guys.Excellent place to go if you're in the neighborhood and looking for a low key place to listen to music, eat a decent dinner and converse with friends. Kelly is an excellent and entertaining hostess, and the rest of the staff were welcoming and friendly.  All of our meals were tasty and reasonably priced.This place was close to where we were staying and that's why we kept going back. Food wasn't very good but if you're drunk and hungry it will do. The boudin balls were the best thing I ordered and I was happy. The burgers, not so much. We also had to wait a while to get our orders. Beer was cold and decently priced though. Wouldn't make a trip out of my way to visit but if you're in the neighborhood it's decent.Yeah, this place was cool.  Saturday dinner around 8.  I was going to check out Port of Call b/c my roommate and I were jonesing for a delicious burger.  Forgot how ridiculous the line is for that one.
Anyway, kept walking b/c I've been meaning to check out Buffa's if only for the crappy "Air-Conditioned" sign outside.  I love it.  This is stellar dive bar material.  No one is trying to be dive-y it just is.  
Walked in to a nearly full bar.   Greeted by Holly the bartender, took care of business but was pretty funny.  
The other side of the bar had a piano thing going on, it was brighter and lighter, with couples sitting around.  We stayed in the dark side.  Lit by two red light bulbs and some neon signs.
We each got a burger.  Good stuff.  These guys know how to cook a burger.  Tasted like one you'd make on your own grill.  Thick and juicy.  The outside had a near crust on it while the inside was pink and yummy.  Also, really good toasted, very sesame seed-y buns.
Definitely heading back here.  Maybe if only to play the jukebox , drink some highlife, and strike up random conversations.  Most people seemed like regulars but open and friendly.  A very good vibe.Great place for burger, beer and live music.  Burgers spiced up, and grilled bar-style.  Unique sci-fi names,add an unexpected twist.  Neighborhood type at with eclectic local crowd.  Attracts musicians and can be counted on for live trad-jazz, and some other styles.  Usually easy to walk In and find a seat, even when the increasingly packed nearby Frenchmen street clubs are bursting at the seams.  Buffa's music is every bit as good.  Arguably the best hamburgers I town.  Doable walk from the FrenchQuarter tourist central locations.  Currently embattled with a local trust fund baby over fabricated noise ordinance complaint, so Buffa's has some acoustic remodeling in progress that doesn't detract from the atmosphere.  A club worth supporting!Fantastic dive bar at the edge of the Quarter. I haven't made a point to come here regularly since the days of watching all Season 1 of Treme in the back room - but I've randomly found myself in Buffa's several times over the last couple of years, and always have a good experience. 
Boyfriend and I stopped by most recently on a rainy Halloween back to our car. There are always some colorful characters there, and our bartender was a great mix of surliness and gregariousness. Apparently he knows baseball stats like crazy and also speaks German, so you know this is a man you definitely want as your bartender.
Then when we left, we saw, unbeknownst to us the entire time in the front room, the back room was showing some kind of Charlie Chaplin film. What?! So cool. I would have stepped back there had I realized that...This gets 5 out of 5 for the following reasons:
-Authentic cajun food at a reasonable price matched with reasonable quality
-Authentic New Orleans establishment that has been around for many many years
-Staff & owner are awesome human beings
-Live music in the back room!
-24hr kitchen!
-Two different bars, depending on your mood. The corner entrance is a smokey dive that allows dogs and you can still order from the kitchen. The back room (not 24hrs) is sit down dining, smoke free, and often has good, local live entertainment
When friends visit I will always take them to buffa's. There may be better "fine dining" in NOLA and arguable better cajun food, but the mix of decent food, amazing new orleans atmosphere and 24hr service makes this place a must.I can't say enough about how wonderful Buffa's is. It is legendary. The entire staff is super incredible. Rebecca and Kelly (R-Kelly) were a bartender dream team. My friend and I traveled all the way from Minnesota to NOLA, in part because we are huge fans of HBO's Treme. We came to Buffa's to see the legendary Davis Rogan who inspired much of David Simon's masterpiece show. Rogan often plays solo acts at Buffa's. His show was intimate and everything we wanted it to be. He's a master at what he does, and his music has a gonzo-journalism-style anecdotal flavor; his songwriting is remarkable. Plus what he can do on the piano is remarkable. I highly recommend seeing him. The rest of the music we saw at Buffa's was also A-class. Rebecca and Kelly will make killer mixed drinks and make sure they add hot sauce. In fact, spend a lot of time with Buffa's hot sauce collection. My friend and I consider ourselves experts in hot sauce and Buffa's own garlic hot sauce is world class. Rebecca and Kelly were passionate about their work and made us instantly feel welcomed. We had a ton of bars on our list and we only had a few days. After coming to Buffa's once, we decided to ditch some other plans to come again. Everything feels intimate and it's a gem of a music bar. Tip the staff well and treat them with respect, they are artists at what they do. Honestly Rebecca and Kelly were some of the very best bartenders I've ever had the pleasure to meet. I hope Buffa's makes them "staff of the decade", and no I'm not being hyperbolic. Oh yes, and they make mean burgers. I wish the entire place the best of luck. I will be back, and I will be bringing more people.Service sucked beyond belief.  Incredibly rude bartender.Excellent breakfast and killer hot sauce.  Friendly staff, convenient location, and easy-going atmosphere.The friendly people of NOLA love their alcohol, so it's no surprise that their best eats are also bars. Buffa's is no different. It is here that I recommend getting the redfish sandwich/po boy  ($14). The fish is firm but perfectly cooked in Nora's blackened style. It's a bit salty but the crisp bread matches the saltiness well. I would like to make a note of how amazing our server/bartender was. Everyone was on edge the morning we went because it took the cook close to an hour to get out all our dishes, but the server was extremely laid back and nice.
This place is on Frenchman St (where the locals go for live jazz) AND it's open 24 hours. There is no perfect time to go, because you can go anytime!I am strictly going to review this place based on the 1 time my friends and I went in last August late at night. We were in no need for drinking, it was late and we were hungry. Taxi driver recommended a bar which we were apprehensive about because we were done for the night. For 3:00 in the morning and for such a small bar, the food was pretty amazing. I didnt have huge expectations but the sandwich my gf had and my burger were amazing. My friends enjoyed there meals as well. 
Waitress who served us was very polity and professional. I know that they never want to serve food that late to customers but she had great customer service.Do yourself a favor. Order the Boudin balls. They were AMAZING!!! Sausage was out of this world. Delicious red beans & rice. The crawfish étouffée was good, but came out too spicy for my taste.A down-to-earth, no frills bar that I've been told is frequented by service industry professionals. Interesting clientele and staff, good for people watching fans, although probably a little on the wacky side for some.  
The food looked tasty, I sadly was too full to try. Reasonable booze selection at reasonable prices. 
It became my favourite place to stop in for that one last drink on the way home from a night out in New Orleans!
c*Along with Napoleon House, Buffa's is one of my favorite bars in town .. Yes, it's a dive-bar, and one of the good ones. I like its layed back vibe, they have a great Jukebox and the bartenders are usually pretty good .. Buffa's is a mostly neighborhood native bare usually filled with locals and the occasiconal stray tourist who serendipidously stumble upon it when walking around the lower-quarter. Do I love it? Yes?Very ccol and relaxed atmosphere.   Interesting locals abound.  Gotta order the food and enjoy a few drinks.Dive bar in the front, jazz club in the back. Could not of asked for anything more except for delicious food, which they had as well. If you want a true taste of NOLa local flavor this place is not to be missed. 
Everything we ordered was good and portioned generously. They were out of their signature sauce that night, so I have a reason to come back :)Excellent food. We had the boudin balls and the crawfish etouffe. Live music was fun and exciting. Even the wait staff got up to perform. Highly, highly recommend.Holy crap...you can get food here 24-hours a day!  Buffa's is definitely better than a lot of your other options after 4 am or so...though I did manage to hit them during shift change, which means I had a fairly long wait.  Also, I got the Delmonico, which is pretty much like a chicken philly...but I think it would have been better had the chicken been chopped up, instead of just putting the whole breast on there.
They get an extra star though for being open all the time...that changes everything.This place always makes me think of the show "Quantum Leap". I've been sorely tempted to go inside and say to the bartender "Sam, is that you?!".
 It's a step back in time, really, with it's dive bar feel, but under new management/ownership, I've seen enough improvements that I gave the place a second chance, because I'd heard that the food was decent and the place was much cleaner...and it was 4am and I was hungry....plus the whisky....
 It's late night availability gives the place immediate merit and along with the revamped food and menu, you can feel like you aren't just stuck with bar food or hours old pizza (pretty much your late night options around here). 
 I haven't had anything there that I regretted and I'm hoping that the quality stays consistent. The atmosphere is always going to be divey, but sometimes, that's exactly what you are looking for.Food knocked my socks off. The staff is amazing. Went on a open mich night, ton of talent.
We were there on a night when they had open mic night. It was a ton of fun. The cooks really know what they're doing in the kitchen. I got some hot sauce to go, but the TSA took it in Atlanta. Bad packing on my part. Try it out,this a great place!
Gator balls are a must. Must visit in NOLAA 24/7 pub with not your average pub food. The food was delicious and the service was great. My first time visiting NOLA and we showed up for a midnight dinner. 
I ordered the crawfish étouffée and shared and order of boudin balls. Both were excellent!
A local friend later told me this was his go-to spot for late night or early morning food. I'm glad we made the right choice!Wanted lunch but it was so filthy I honestly was afraid.  The bartender was nice but I also didn't want her handling my food.  Ended up spending lunch at port of call for over priced burgers because of time constraints.  At least I had good company.I will be honest, I did not expect this place to be particularly good and I'm not quite sure why. It might have been because it was Mardi Gras and it was freezing cold rainy weather. 
Anyway, they didn't have any Boudin balls which was highly recommended to us so I was already feeling iffy. We ended up getting the Gator Balls, the BLT, and some corn nuggets. I can't say I remember the BLT, but I did like the nuggets and balls (hah). 
We finished everything. 
There's apparently live bands that play here every so often too so that seems like fun times. I'd go back if I was in the area again/if Port of Call is too busy. :)Awesome Place!  Huggie the bartender makes awesome drinks and the red beans and rice was outstanding!  Going on the regular rotation.We came here for dinner one night as Port of Call had a crazy line out the door. I wasn't expecting a whole lot, but I really liked the place - it had a quaint, divey feel to it and a number of locals. We ate in the bar, and the bartender was funny, hamming it up with the locals and calling me chere.
The food was filling and pretty good - my only complaint is that the smoke inside the bar was really obnoxious - but I know I have to expect that sort of thing in bars outside of my native California, so I won't complain too much.This place is awesome. It is everything I want in a bar. It seems much more of a local hang out then a tourist trap. I came with a group shooting from NYC and we had the best time. Loren the bartender was awesome. We stayed all afternoon. Cant wait to go back and hang again.Ridiculously rude!! You are open 24 hours, your phone is off the hook.. So
Of course I walk the 8 blocks over thinking you are busy  but you have 12 people inside.. I ask to order food and was sent to the back bar where the bartender laughed in my face and asked "does it look like I'm open?!" I say I'm not sure I was only
Asking because I was directed this way by the front.. He shuts it down and leaves without a word. I move back to the front where I ask the front bartender "can I order food?" I was told it would be at least an hour wait.. Really??? You have 12 people who all have drinks and your phone isn't working.. Ok I tried to play ball... I'll
Wait An hour.. But once I committed I was looked up and down by the bartender and was told to-go Orders are no longer accepted.. I replied that I had walked 8 blocks bc the phone was not connecting and that the bartenders were sending me back and forth to one another before I was rejected and I received the reply " well I guess you have to walk 8 blocks back home..."   Not the first time but definitely the last..  Good food but the horrible service will guarantee a customer lost..Great food, great music, awesome bloody Mary's! Had the Ruben omelette, amazing! Just disappointed that no separate checks. Had brunch there today, we asked the waitress to split the check.it was a 50/50 split, she said no can do, the showed on the menu where it said no separate checks. Otherwise would have been 5 stars...At least three people told me the exact same thing... "Buffa's has the best burgers in the city." Well, since I'm a burger girl, there was only one thing to say to that "CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!"
Today was the big day. It's pretty much your average local dive bar decor made complete with a picture of Danny Devito on the wall. 
(Please note that they do NOT take cash, but there is an ATM on site. $3.00 fee).
As we sat down, we noticed a guy at the bar wearing a Port of Call shirt. I considered it a good sign that a Port of Call employee was hanging out there.
My food came, made to order; A meduim-rare Buffa Burger with cheese, no mayo, onion rings to share for the table. It was pretty good, but Best Burger in the City? Not so much. 
Though, I'm sure it tastes that way when you're drunk at 3am.Buffa's is a diamond in the rough. In an area filled with gimmicky tourist traps, Buffa's is a breath of fresh air.  Perfect spot for a nightcap drink. Cozy, charming, and 24 hr food, what more could you want? The bartender (Mia) was such a sweetheart too! Haven't tried the food but everything else was 10/10.I never write a bad review about anywhere but they truly deserve it and hopefully someone of management will read this review and know about the ridiculousness going on in this establishment. Some friends of mine tried to get food here and I pulled up a chair into a table and some man came at me and screamed at me to the top of the top of his lungs full of rage instead of talking to me like a normal human being. We were all highly offended and we're by no means trying to defy him and there was absolutely no reason to get aggressive with customers for no particular reason. Also the waitress gave me attitude this place has the worst customer service I've ever experienced in a restaurant.Buffa's is my go-to spot for late late drinks and comfort food after a long day. The bartenders are friendly and charming. The drinks are reasonably priced. The food is consistently delicious. It's a comfortable neighborhood joint on beautiful Esplanade ave.  Use caution if machismo demands you order the atomic wings, however. They do not mess around!  I'm partial to the gator boudin, myself. So good! 
Great. Now I have to go get some. Like, now.Don't Do it. Place is clueless. Took over an hour to get the wrong food. If Yelp allowed no stars I'd give this place ZERO stars. When the wrong food arrived it was a raw burger? Best burger in town? New Orleans food has been unimpressiveIntimate, neighborhood-y, amazing late night bar. Open 24/7! Perfect for a late night meal after the Bourbon Street madness. Happy to go home and fall fast asleep with a full stomach. Yum and ZZZZZ!This is a cool locals bar that has got some interesting music and entertainment, as well, as good food. The fried cream corn as the appetizer is a must get.  Only in New Orleans is where they figured out how to fried cream corn.  Bang Biscuit !!!This place is just a few blocks from where we were staying. It didn't look like much to us so we avoided it on the daily. However, yesterday, we were coming back from watching a show on Frenchman and it was past midnight. And we were starving. We decided to bite the bullet and go in. We were so glad we did! We ordered food, first for eat in, but ended up being shitheads and ordering to go because it was smokey and I was feeling under the weather (wore the wrong shoes during a cold day swamp tour). The bartender was totally cool about it. We got the veggie burger with sweet potato fries and their Jambalaya. The food came out very quickly, and we sat down at home to the most surprisingly tasty meal to ever come out of a little smokey dive at 12:45 am. Perfectly crisp fries, delicious black bean burger, and the jambalaya truly was out of this world. I think I tasted a nice touch of red wine?? Sensational. We stand corrected, Buffa. Two thumbs up.I have always enjoyed this place but what a disaster trying to eat yesterday. We go for dinner, there is live music so its busy. We just go and sit in bar area to eat. Bartender looks at us twice over several minutes, then we get up to go order at the bar. He acts clueless and says he didnt see us and he is all "christmased" out. He tells us there is live music and we should sit back there, however, we came in through that room amd there was no where to sit. We could tell he wasn't interested in doing any work. He brings us menus finally and 10 minutes later or so he comes to us and says the kitchen is going to be an hour at least on food, do to them being so busy. Even if we ordered an app, it would take a  hour. He starts spouting other places to eat, as if we didn't know other places to go. He was very unprofessional and lazy. I hate it cause they have great food but he has ruined Buffa's for me :(Food Hounds... what is better than great food, great service and smooth jazz playing live for your listening pleasure?  Brimstone here to tell you about a fantastic location in NOLA whose tagline reads, "You've got cravings, we've got answers." - Buffa's Bar & Restaurant.  A family run business that cares about not only their patrons; but humanity in general - following Katrina, Buffa's was one of the few places in the area who didn't lose their power... so they opened their doors 24-7 in order for people to have shelter and a warm meal.  Moving along, the location has a very cool and laid back vibe... the front room is pretty much a typical bar; but the back room has live music, is very large and comfortable whether you're there with two people or twenty.  Our server was beyond helpful; enjoyable and knowledgeable about everything on the menu - we had a perfect tour guide for our vacation of the taste buds!
We started with the Gator Balls - delectable, soft balls of gator meat that melt in your mouth with the assistance of their special butter sauce that slayed; it was SO good that it'd make you wanna slap your mama!  The sauce carried its way over to their Boudin Balls as well...  Louisiana homemade sausage consisting of rice, pork, green pepper, green onion, celery and garlic all wrapped up in delectable little balls - battered and then fried lightly to create a slight crisp to die for!  Now in BOTH of these dishes, the balls are surrounded by a bevy of delicious crawfish that sucked up that BOSS of fresh buttery sauce and made these bowls of love WINS.  The Honey Mustard Wings were incredible - the sauce made the wings seem as though they were dipped in the candy canes of all mustard; our mouths were bursting with the flavor of the sweet Creole honey mustard... soft, moist, tender and fantasmic.  We reveled in their award winning Bratwurst Jambalaya over fettuccine... beer soaked and uber-delicious; loved the hefty chunks of tasty grilled chicken and bratwurst (notable mention: the crispy piece of French garlic bread was outstanding); a must have at Buffa's!  The Jalapeno Cheese Poppers were crispy and oozing with spicy cheese while the Bleu Cheese Coleslaw was off the chain.
As we moved onto the entrees, the flavor behavior became more evident as the dishes were laid out in front of us!  The Spinach Florentine consisted of a heaping portion of thin, light fettuccine and fresh veggies drizzled with butter, olive oil and grated Parmesan cheese.  A flavor explosion came from the Blackened Ribeye - an 8oz slab of perfect well-done steak with a killer spice on the front and back end; eating this was a truly spiritual experience!  I enjoyed the Dark Side Burger - a half-pound of meaty goodness doused with their infamous Chuck sauce (named after one of the owners); I wanted to kick it up a notch in the heat department, so I opted for the Ghost Pepper Powder!  Served with amazing well-done, crunchy and crispy fries (the way I LOVE them), I give this platter a two thumbs up and kudos to the cats in the kitchen.  Finally, the weekend special was the Fried Catfish Poboy... oh damn!  Ginormous portions of Catfish battered and deep fried to a crisp on the outside while moist and tender within - the house made roasted red pepper aioli worked wonders and brought out the natural flavors of the fish without being overly fishy.  Hands down... this Poboy was one for the record books - WIN!  At the end of the day, we left more than just full - we were satisfied... Buffa's was a remarkable experience.  Next time, we'd like to try their dessert... Mmmm!This was the first place we ate after arriving late to new orleans. It was fantastic! Great service, the bartender even comped our beers for being a little slow in getting them to us, which we werent expecting but did appreciate. I had a redfish poboy, the redfish alone was some of the best ive ever had. My husband has jambalaya and red beans a rice, both delicious. Overall a great experience at a casual pub, go enjoy!After Bourbon St we were looking for a more low key spot.  This place was perfect!  The food was delicious the bartenders were exceptionally friendly and were good with the pours  and it was great listening to the live band.  Wings were good, rice and beens terrific, crawfish étouffée was yummy.I feel bad leaving a one star but this place has terrible service and comparably terrible food.We arrived to New Orleans very late (past midnight) and on our way to our accommodations we drove by this place.  Our driver said they served food 24 hours, so once we were settled we decided to check it out. It was only a five minute walk from where we were staying. We walked in and it is definitely a locals place.  The bar tender greeted us and was very friendly. It is a small place and luckily we were able to get the last two seats at the bar. The menu is your typical bar food with items you would expect to see in New Orleans. We asked the bar tender for some of his recommends and we went with the Rueben with fries and the crawfish étouffée.  Hands down, the best Rueben I have ever had and the fries had a different flavor to them that I can't explain but they were just as good.  Crawfish étouffée was excellent and great flavor.  I would highly recommend this place.Eclectic crowd and must-visit for live musical accompaniment of Buster Keaton silent films! Food is good, favorites include the gator balls and étouffée.  Neighborhood-like vibe with lots of locals. Smoking section is in a completely different area, fear not of smelling totally like an ashtray. Friendly bar staff make this a welcome stop.This is a really cool little neighborhood dive on Esplanade. Good variety of beers and full bar (no drafts) and very good food. I got the boudin balls and they were GOOD. There were a lot of locals when we went which was cool. The place is pretty small so if you have a large group- not sure if you would enjoy yourselves. Very good service. Would def go back again.I love Buffa's! It is our go-to place when we are staying on Esplanade whether for a nightcap at 4am or breakfast at two in the afternoon. The customers are interesting locals and the service is super friendly and the shrimp and grits are absolutely to die for. Special appreciation for Arden who's down to earth and efficient and friendly and always takes good care of us and makes us feel at home. (Oh, and special thanks for that one time I came in for some emergency coffee rations to go and they just let me have some ...)It's a nice local establishments with a nice live band. We had the Gotham Night Burger and it was really good and my Wife Grand Ma's grill cheese. Plus, the bald headed bartenders guy looks like Rick Harrison (History Channel's Pawn Star)Recommend by a local (pedicab driver). Food was excellent.  Ordered the fried corn nuggets and boudin balls for starters. Both were yummy but Boudin balls with creamy crawfish sauce were the best I've ever had. My 12 y/o son had the Buckaroo burger & said it was the best burger he's ever had.  I ordered the grilled sausage w/red beans & rice. This was delicious. My friend ordered the Logan's Run for the border and said he was satisfied.  Portions were large & service great!  This is the kind of food I was looking forward to in New Orleans.New bartender Jonathan is the best-good hire! Super attentive and genuinely a nice guy.We stayed in the Marigny neighborhood during our 1-week vacation in New Orleans so that we would be close to Frenchman street, but I have to say that Buffa's had some of the best music and turned out to be a pleasant surprise. So I just wanted to say thanks to the fine folks at Buffa's for the great music, friendly service, delicious food, great beer selection and smoke-free venue. We hope to revisit New Orleans soon, and we will definitely make sure we stay close to Buffa's when we do.We rented a house in the Marigny for our St. Patricks Day visit, and this place was recommended by the bartender at Iggys (I reviewed Iggys as well).  We had eaten at the Port of Call and were going to go back, but decided to take the chance.  We weren't disappointed. Only the front bar was open and all tables were full, but as we turned to walk out a guy said they were finishing and offered us their table (typical of the AMAZING locals in NOLA). 
We got our beers from the bar and took the table. Loren was working the bar and tables and was busy, so our order was delayed but the wait was worth it. I got crawfish étouffée that was great and HOT! Did I mention HOT? You might want to mention your level of heat tolerance if ordering a spicy dish. Husband ordered the patty melt as he was on a burger kick and gave it a thumbs up. Pretty great potato salad with it. 2 rounds of beer and food with tip around 30 bucks.  And Loren gave us a tip to head to the Blue Nile for the Pisces party, and that turned out to be a highlight of our trip!No frills or fancies. Buffas offers genuine service, good music, and BOMB chicken wings. The wings are seasoned with their house sauce and have a nice crisp to them. Check this place out for a chill night and good food.Great brunch and affordable bloodys on Sunday. I really enjoyed the band and you gotta love a place where random local musicians walk up and play a few songs here and there.A little dingy, but a great little corner spot that was super convenient to our cottage in the Marigny.  We stumbled into the back bar the first night in town.  There was live music and some guy with a puppet.  That was weird and creepy, but the music was good and just the right vibe for the city.  A couple nights later was a guy with a trumpet.  He had a great signing voice, but his trumpet needed work.  The entertainment was hit or miss.     
Since it was so close, we stopped in a few times sampled several dishes.  The gator balls, the jambalaya, and the grilled cheese were very good.  Fries were average.  Shrimp Creole was not great.    As far as drinks, my boyfriend liked the beer selection.  I was served several glasses of warm-ish white wine and an absolutely dreadful bloody mary.  
Overall, I great local spot if you are in the area, but I'm not sure I'd got out of my way to get there.So, you've wanderered out of the French Quarter and hit Esplanade Ave. It's really late and  most of the restaurants are closed for the evening...except  Buffa's! Whoa it's not late; it's early(3AM) Chili and bleu cheese cole slaw seem to fit the bill! Another beer for my friends(they crazy) and possibly the best burgers in this city. I am not a big fan of beef, but took a bite of my companions burger ; have to admit that it is indeed a TASTY BURGER! Reasonably priced, hearty homemade and damn good, I might add! A beacon in the night or wee hours before dawn! $13.00 and had leftovers to boot!Sunday brunch was very nice - good food, friendly service, live jazz. Corned beef hash was different, but very good.Great burger, cheap beer. Smoky but deal with it, that's what you get with a dive bar. Friendly bartenders.Great locals dive with a variety of weekly NOLA-oriented entertainment (TV, film, sports, music).
I spent a very enjoyable Sunday evening in the restaurant lounge, watching Treme on the restaurant's big screen, listening to good live music in-betwen episodes, while having quite good turkey gumbo and a yummy LA31 dark beer. The place was packed with enthusiastic locals, and even a few Treme stars showed up. Life was good that night!
This was my first time and I will go back!This place has a fun, relaxed atmosphere and the food was excellent. Maybe it was just an off day, but the service was not great. We started with a round of drinks, and one came out 15 minutes later than the other three. Even though the place was fairly empty, they said they couldn't accept more than two credit cards as it would take too much of their time. After the extremely late drink, I thought the least they could do was make an effort to accommodate us with settling the check.The staff is attentive and the music is fantastic! We got to see a Buster Keaton silent film with live musicians playing the sound track. How cool is that? Unfortunately, the food is mediocre and the setting isn't anything special. But we still had a lovely evening of great music with friendly staff.I come here every time I'm in the Marigny and when I have friends in town. This place is the best! They are dog friendly- so bring your pooch!!
My only complaint is that the portions are smaller now. I get the fried green beans every time as my meal- usually the portions are huge!! However last time I got less than half of what is normally served. Oh and they raised the price by a dollar too.Love the vibe at buffas. Been over 20 times. This was the first brunch that i have gone to in months. Band was awesome. But the food wasnt all that.  It may have just been brunch, though.Nice neighborhood atmosphere, good food and the local talent are great!  Right across from our hotel they jammed all night and it was wonderful!  Grab food 24/7 in the bar or enjoy a sit down meal and entertainment around back in their "restaurant".  Great service even though the waiter was also the bartender. Reasonable prices and good selection of NOLA favorites and other fare.