This got the job done without waiting in line for hours at Cafe Du Monde, but after going here I wish I didn't. They seem to focus more on prices and quantity than the quality of there food.  The beignets were good but too much honest bread with sugar is easy.The bartender thought my friend's and my NYS licenses were fake...and she claimed she accepted the other NYS ids before but "for some reason" she couldnt see the holagram on ours that indicates it's validity lmao. Anyways the NY licenses have been different for 5+ years already. Im not expecting you to check with DMV but there's other staff you can ask if youre not familiar, or let that lady next to you serve us so you dont have to feel accountable. It was just a lame experience for a 24 yr old in Nola lol. Jambalaya was good though. Then she had to point out after i finished that i technically couldnt sit at the bar if i didnt have ID lmao byeNo wait!!! Quick service!!! Better beignets!!! Same atmosphere without the crowds or rush. I've done the Cafe du Monde and now have a better place to relax & enjoy!!We picked Cafe Beignet over the usual Cafe du Monde as we were short on time on our way out of the city, and their line was far shorter. While the beignets were delicious, I felt like the quality was pretty comparable. My main issue? It took FOREVER for them to arrive. The place was busy, but really, no line and we still had a long wait for our beignets. I feel like our order got stuck behind orders of people getting more food than beignets... we watched the few people that were in line before us finally get their full meals and we sat anxiously waiting for dessert. Maybe it means it's just fresher because it's not such a production line? Eh, who knows, but we were short on time and didn't expect to wait 20 minutes for beignets. I'll try it again when we're not in such a hurry.After trying the beignets at Cafe Du Monde, I had to compare. The place is big with lots of indoor seating (and good AC which is what were needed after walking in that humidity). I got an order of the beignets (3 for $4). They were hard compared to Cafe Du Monde. I was a little disappointed but the inside was better a bit softer. I think I prefer their neighbors.I have never had beignets before but I knew New Orleans was famous for them so I decided to stop by Cafe Beignet in the French Quarter.
Right when I walked in I was impressed as it had a very pretty interior with white detailed chairs, chandeliers and live jazz music. The beignets themselves looked good but could have been presented better as it was only on a paper tray and looked like something you'd get at a food truck or carnival. They tasted okay, nothing special. They pretty much tasted like funnel cakes but in pastry form. I would go here again because of the location and atmosphere, not so much because of the beignets.We had the beignets(of course), french toast, an iced coffee, and a cafe au lait. Everything was delicious! 
Line seems long but it goes by rather quickly and it's worth the wait. The beignets were almost perfect: light and fluffy and covered in powdered sugar. The french toast was golden and cinnamony, not too eggy, and the portion size was good for two. 
I very much preferred the beignets here than Cafe Du Monde, which were super dense and doughy + way longer lines. 
I'll be back for cafe beignetLove love love this place! The beignet is so crispy and soft & paired perfect with my latte -- yum! The ambience open, fresh, and relaxing - especially with live jazz. The breakfast was okay - decent - not great, but that's not why you come here. Coffee and beignet - live music and the view. They have other things like muffins and croissants. Definitely will revisit them again!This was a disappointing experience, food was poor, server brought food after it sat on the counter until it cooled down... location keeps this place alive.Good beignets, but I preferred Cafe du Monde. After ordering, it was clear that people come here not only for the beignets but for the breakfast sandwiches as well. By the smell of it, the breakfast sandwiches are superior to the sweet treats.I thought this was pretty good. I knew I couldnt come to NOLA without trying beignets but I was not about to wait in that crazy line at Cafe Du Monde's. The coffee was good and the service was quick. I also like the live music and that the beignet was hot and fluffy.This is a beautiful restaurant that we stumbled upon almost accidentally. We were a party of 8 women for a bachelorette weekend, and were looking for a place close to the pickup location for our swamp tour. 
I love how open, indoor/outdoor, and festive the dining room feels. You can enjoy the great live jazz indoors, but also feel like you are a part of everything going on outdoors, the people-watching, parades, etc. There is only one bathroom stall, so lines can build up for such a crowded restaurant. This location has a full liquor bar, local beers on tap, and daiquiris. The bartender was really cool, too. Try the Moscow Mules!
As for the food, it was just okay. I ordered the crawfish omelet, which was pretty dry and dull, and didn't include many crawfish. It's a pretty casual, help-yourself restaurant; diners grab their own plastic utensils and condiments, coffee creamers, etc. The bride in our group was the first to order, and not until after the rest of us had been served, did a server come out to tell her that they'd run out of gumbo. They brought us some complimentary beignets to be nice, so that was cool.  
As for the beignets.... they were bomb! My favorite of the trip. Nice and crispy on the outside, but so soft and chewy on the inside. 
I'd recommend stopping in to sit at the bar for beignets and drinks!Disappointing. Fried donut with powder sugar. Reminded me of carnival food.  The omelets are just crap.  The bread and roasted Turkey breast is good. Overpriced on styrofoam plates and plastic ware.I was told that this place has some of the best beignets in NOLA, so I stopped by to check it out! I came after lunch time on a weekend, but finding open tables was still a bit difficult and the line moved very slowly. The prices are a little higher ($4 for 3 beignets) than Cafe Du Monde and Morning Call, and the beignets didn't taste as good. Mine were not very crispy on the outside and way too doughy on the inside, no air pockets at all. I guess the plus side about this place is that you can grab lunch and beignets for dessert all at the same place. There is also a bar with alcoholic drink options.  Maybe if I went to the more popular location on Royal Street my beignets might have tasted better? I'll give that location a shot next time.I went here because I heard they have Really delicious fresh beignets and the line at Cafe Du Monde was down the block. I have to say that I'm glad I came because the beignets were really fresh and hot and amazing! The atmosphere was also nice with a live music band playing and windows open to outside. Would definitely come back here.Very good placed in New Orleans. 
But the Café Latte is the worst I have ever had since long.Pretty tasty and short-lined alternative to Cafe du Monde. Breezy atmosphere, and outstanding iced coffee.Love this place.  Live music, bar and the freshest beignets.  Great open air seating not far from Bourbon Street.  Awesome ambience.I have to say as busy as they were the beignet  were so fluffy, they weren't oily like some of the other place   we tired. It was a big powdery sugary mess I loved every bit of it.  The icing  on the cake had to be  the locate band jamming out front.Huge, delicious Beignets and delicious coffee. Easier to get in and out of then Cafe du Monde but with all the same charm and deliciousness. This is my new favorite place for Beignets in New Orleans.The live music is a nice touch but the cafe au lait is horrible watered down swill compared to Cafe Du Monde.We decided to get out for a walk since it was a beautiful start to MDW. The weather was perfect. My lady wanted an appetizer and outdoor seating. I'd seen this place in passing so we thought it would be perfect for her request. Atmosphere is 5 star, for casual patio dining piano and bass player. My wife had the jambalaya and couldn't Stomach the taste. I thought she was overreacting but after tasting I thought the same, after 3 scoops max we finished our sweet teas and tipped the band. I recommend changing the jambalaya recipe totally or replacing it on the menu. It was mushy with a bad aftertasteAfter not wanting to deal with the Café du Monde line on a weekend, my husband and I wandered into Cafe Beignet to get our fix. The inside is old fashioned and charming. The ambiance is definitely better than du Monde. We placed our order for 3 beignets and they came out in probably around 10 minutes. The serving size was huge. These are bigger than Café due Monde and they're much heartier. I'd almost compare them to a fried dough, whereas du Monde is more like a doughnut. We really enjoyed these. We ate them with a knife and fork and polished off the last one with all the will we had. Is this a substitute for du Monde? No, I felt that theirs were lighter and crispier, but these are really delicious if you want somewhere nice to sit and eat some hearty beignets.Yummy beignets. Great price at $3.99 for 3 pieces. Love them!  Live jazz music atmosphere.I the land of tourists Cafe Beignet has the best beignets in New Orleans. Yes to some this is blasphemy but its true. The donuts are served hot and airy with just the right amount of sugar and no excess grease. Perfectly cooked. The coffee is a little underwhelming but the donuts make up for it.I prefer Cafe Beignet over Cafe Du Monde. Why?
- softer, fluffier beignets
- coffee was less bitter
- line is ridiculously smaller
We had breakfast here and it was delicious. I had the Cajun potatoes and would highly recommend it! Eggs were flavorless and I didn't enjoy them, but everything else was tasty. The bloody Mary's here were also delicious. My group thought they were the best bloodys we had on the trip.During our cross country trip we stayed about 30 miles from NO and decided to go have breakfast there and walk around for a bit. We found Cafe Beignet and decided to give it a shot. It was average. My daughter had scrambled eggs, they seemed a bit dry. My other daughter and I split a mushroom omelette. It was pretty small and tasted average. My son had the Belgium waffle, he seemed to like it. My husband had the crawfish omelette. He said it had a nice spice to it but again, it was pretty small. It wasn't bad but I don't think it was guitar worth $70. 
I can't have bread, I did appreciate that they gave me fruit in place of the bread.beineyaa! first time with a beignet! this place is great. live music, breakfast..  cant be wrong!The beignets at this place absolutely rock. Forget Cafe Du Monde , do yourself a favor and sneak in here for live scatt Jazz and perfect beignets. Red beans and rice were okay, but after all, to be fair this place isn't called Cafe Red Beans and Rice. Go eat!Meh! That's about all we have to say about Cafe Beignet... meh! It seemed we left with a bag of powder sugar and not much more. The atmosphere of this location left much to be desired... more with the meh.Ordered the Cajun Hashbrown, but it was SOOOOOOO disappointing.  First the portion was like 1/3 of what one would expect to be.  But it costs  $5.  Yet it came in a small bowl, and it was barely half filled.  The potatoes were very soggy, and the food was lukewarm.  We originally came in for beignets but that would only come as an order of three pieces for $4; and that's too much for me.  Will not return.Stopped in for a quick breakfast with my husband. The decor grabs you.. very beautiful.
We ordered only beignets because we were going to eat a big lunch later. Bad decision.. we should've definitely ordered more, they were SO GOOD!!! Along with my beignet I had a chai latte  which was also pretty tasty. I must say they give Cafe Du Monde a run for their money. 
Next time I'm in town I will definitely go back to enjoy a full breakfast. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because of how slow the line moves. I think with just a little bit more organization the line would move along better. Hey it's a touristy area.. I get it, sometimes you're just going to have to wait. But when I see employees chilling behind the counter and I'm waiting.. kinda irking!What the hell is up with this place?  "Best thing to eat" per Alton Brown? Must have had a private experience,  cuz we waited for freaking ever for beignets. People were served out of order, and they had 1 person delivering food, DURING FRENCH QUARTER FEST...SERIOUSLY???
Never going back. The coffe kinda sucked too.Wasn't crowded, clean, awesome atmosphere. Oh yea and the Beignets were delicious! Wasn't too oily, and tasted like they were fried in fresh oil. Would definitely recommend.The beignets are Hot and fresh yum, great pecan tort as well, fast service with a smileWhy did I not bring any extras on the plane ride home?! Well.. to spare myself from looking like a drug addict. If you're too impatient like me, and can't wait in line at Cafe Du Monde, hop on over to Cafe Beignet for something equally as delicious, served up steaming hot.
Pro tips: exhale before your bring your face near those piping hot puppies. Avoid wearing black to avoid the powered sugar flurries on your clothing. Definitely wash your hands before and after indulging (this one should be a no-brainer). 
If the cafe au lait isn't your cuppa, ask the bartender to whip you up something nice. Thank you, miss, for your heavy-handed pours. I first thought $12 was outrageous for a mimosa but once I saw your ratio of bubbly to juice, I knew you were an angel from heaven.I prefer Cafe Beignet to any other. Their beignets are light and delicious.  Additionally the atmosphere is relaxed with nice indoor tables and music. I also like their variety of coffee. Make them your first stop for beignets!!Revisiting one of my childhood memories, we went to Cafe Du Monde. I remember beignets being a pillowy fried dough with a dash of powdered sugar. But my recent vist disappointed just a bit. But than again food makes me happy so I wasnt that mad. Thinking there is nothing is going to replace CDM... boy was I wrong! Cafe beignets is way better!!! They definitely lived up to my expectations. Soft, hot, pillowy fried goodness and that's what I got!I'm sorry. This place was absolutely beautiful...honestly I thought everything was so cute and picturesk....BUT I CAME HERE FOR BEIGNETS....AND THERE WAS NO BEIGNETS. And their breakfast meals are pricy and so little is actually given. I could have gone to a diner and got more food. I hate giving bad reviews I really do but.....this place was only pretty on the outside.For whatever reason we liked the beignet's at this branch location best. They tasted like a cross between a cronut, traditional donut and crueller all in one. We were told they are denser than the version at Cafe Du Monde and there was no way in he@@ we were  going to stand on that ridiculous Cafe Du Monde line.
The beignet's were so delicious that we ended up having two orders for dinner on our last night in New Orleans as we had a very late lunch that day.A friend said this Beignet shop was the go to when in NOLA. She said she likes it way more then Cafe Du Monde. 
Well I'm an equal opportunist and Cafe Beignet just so happened to be down the block from our hotel. So of course, we went to go check it out. 
The shop is very open. One side has their bar and their other side is where you order food. It turns out they sell more than beignets. My hubs and I opted for the beignets and an iced hazelnut cafe au lait. We paid. Got our table number and the waiting game began. 
Our drink was out in a jiffy and the beignets followed a few minutes after. The drink was so so. Decent coffee taste and a tad too much hazelnut, but drinkable. The beignets were a bit too crisp for my liking. They were light and airy like other beignets I've had. The powdered sugar didn't taste sweet either. Overall the beignets also seemed too oily. Needless to say, it was not MY favorite beignet spot, but they always had a steady flow in their establishment so that's a plus for them. 
Personally I recommend trying them and Cafe Du Monde so you can make your own decision on who wins this Beignet battle.One of the go to places in NOLA and it doesn't disappoint. Quaint outdoor cafe and very prompt service. You must order the Beignets but don't wear black because there is so much delicious sugar on them.Great spot in New Orleans.  The cafe was super cute and the beignets were cheap. It was $3.99 for 3 large. They were good but not the best. They were packed when we arrived so I am unsure if they were just rushing making them but ours were over cooked. They did have live jazz music playing which was nice. I would go again and give them another try.Can I say 3 1/2 stars ?  Good omelette and hash browns. Great beignets. But hey, you're in the New Orleans French Quarter so service will be S L O W. Enjoyed itReally cool spot in New Orleans. It says Alton Brown claimed this to be the best beignet in New Orleans. I don't think so, even though it's pretty good. I enjoy the space more than I did the food. It's an open restaurant, you can over look the French quarter streets anywhere from the cafe. There is live music and a full service bar available. It also feels classy, like a summer date night kind of place. The beignets themselves were a bit harder than I expected. I figure they'll be extra puffy but this is my first time so I had nothing to compared it to. Had I not try Cafe Du Monde, I would've rated this much higher. The cafe au lait is also much lighter than I thought. Cool experience though the way the cafe is set up and the live music is a plus. If you are in the area, there's no harm stopping in, just as long as you don't make this your only stop since there are better places around also.Fast moving lines. Lots of happiness here for all the senses. Especially delicious hot and reasonably priced plate of three sumptuous beignets!!!By far, the best beignet spot in New Orleans. Period.
The beignets are larger than Cafe du Monde and more fluffier and crisper, if that makes sense. We went later in the afternoon when the crowds dispersed toward Bourbon St.
The restaurant wasnt bad to get a spot and it comes complete with a bar. 
Best place to eat beignets!!Slow service but the place is very nice. The beniegts are delicious and their Irish coffee is off the chart. The bartender was checking and cleaning the draft beer taps and pouring beers and looking at them to insure quality, guy takes his job seriously and that is awesome.Hmm. I'm not sold on this place. I just wanted to give it a try to see if Cafe du Monde is really the best or if it just a tourist trap. Cafe du Monde is much better
I tried the beignets and a cafe au lait. The beignets were very dense and doughy(if that makes sense). They were just heavy. I was disappointed. I asked for soy milk for my cafe au lait and the guy used cold milk so that turned my coffee very like warm 
There was live music and it is a cuter ambience than the competition.Crispy and thin beignets. No wait. Good in a pinch if you don't want to wait on line at Cafe du Monde,  but the beignets pale in comparison.What a cute spot! There's plenty of seating (some indoors, and lots outside), a nice little ambience, and a good selection of beverages and pastries- including beignets. The staff was friendly and relaxed. My one complaint is that there were two flies inside, and the stickiness near the condiment and trash area probably wasn't helping that... although neither was the heat and the rain they needed to escape from.Quite possibly the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant. Disorganized is the best way to describe it. They had one person ringing people up, one person making drinks, one person bringing food out, and one person clearing tables. It takes an eternity to get anything done and that's why the lines is around the block. Our food was forgotten and took nearly thirty minutes to arrive, after we chased the waitress down about it two separate times. The food also left much to be desired. We got the crawfish omelette, Cajun hash browns, and beignets. The omelette and hash browns eggs were what appeared to microwaved, powdered eggs. So gross! The hash browns were also covered in a Cajun spice that was brutal. The only good part of the experience was the beignets. They were glorious.Best beignets better than the Dumonde hype.  They arrived so warm and fluffy and had some substance to them, others I tried were more likeI have been to cafe du monde before and its good but because it is such a huge attraction in NOLA sometimes it comes out so fast to me... I actually think that Cafe Beinget is better than Cafe Du Monde as they take their time with making each one and it comes out super hot and super fresh.Very good Beignets here and you don't have the long miserable line that Cafe Du Monde has.MEH! That's how I feel about this place - there's absolutely nothing special or memorably good. The one thing that I will remember is that I will choose Cafe du Monde's beignets over this place every time.  I had the ham and cheese omelette and my 2 companions had the Cajun hash browns breakfast and the crawfish omelette. They were all just alright and actually lacking in flavor. We all 3 also shared an order of 3 beignets. Yes, they were bigger than those at CdM, and yes, they had less sugar, but they were not as crunchy outside or as fluffy inside and 1 of them was still raw dough inside. When I mentioned it to the guy bussing tables he was gracious enough to apologize and offer us a replacement (which we turned down) and he explained that the guy working at the back is only on his 3rd day working there. To me, that just means they're inconsistent. I'm not coming back. There are way too many other food establishments in this city to try; Cafe Beignet was a $29 disappoinment.There coffee is delicious here but food not very good. The food isn't seasoned or well seasoned and it's way too expensive for the quality.Came here with nate and had a bengeey and it was fluffy must have just come out of the microwave lol loves the powdered sugar and tiles on the floor a lady sang be bop reminded me of turtles I'd be back if I came back againIt was very good. I can't compare their beignets to Cafe Du Monde because the line was too long at Cafe Du Monde. These were the first beignets I've had so they were fine. That said, I don't know what all the fuss is about. As one of the taxi drivers told us, 'Anyone who waits two hours on line for fried dough with powdered sugar on top is freaking nuts'.We had our first Beignets at the Bourbon Street location.  They had a great live Jazz band.  They were outstanding; light and fluffy.  After taking the river boat down the Mississippi river we sent in to this Cafe Beignet location and their Beignets were also outstanding, light, and fluffy.  We were also excited to try the Beignets at Cafe Du Monde because we heard that was a great place to go for them.  That was bad information.  We hated the Beignets at Cafe Du Monde because they were dense and not that flavorful.  We actually threw them away.  I'm so glad we found Cafe Beignet because both locations had outstanding Beignets.Great atmosphere with a live jazz band playing. Ordered a shrimp Po Boy, jambalaya, muffuletta and an order of beignets. After paying and finding a seat one of the cooks came out and explained they were out of muffuletta for the day and offered to substitute for something else. I chose the jambalaya. Everyone else got their food and I had to wait another 15 mins to get my food. When I did get it my food it was pretty terrible.This location was slammed, but seemed to be moving us along quickly. The cafe au lait was very tasty! This was my first beignet and it was tender and sweet. As for location, this is right in the middle of a busy area and near the water's edge.One of my first stops when visiting NOLA for the first time was to taste the legendary beignets that is truly an experience not to be missed!  
As luck would have it, we had beat the crowd and immediately ordered up a threesome of these delectable, pillowy squares of fluffy delights to indulge in.  They were yeasty and covered with copious amounts of powdered sugar. Love at first bite! 
Player piano in the back, the decor is cute and airy and bright and looked so clean. 
While the other infamous beignet cafe is close by, it is way more crowded and the visual appeal is better at Cafe Beignet and so we were told that here, they are made fresh and I believe that is key!Not really much competition for Cafe Du Monde. We stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday.  Prices were high for the portion size and quality of the food. Service lacked any passion or sense of urgency. Uncomfortable seating. The Beignets were hugely subpar to Cafe Du Monde. They had a hard texture and lacked flavor.  Overall a very disappointing meal.Recommend by one of the city tour guides and then saw Alton Brown had it as one of his favorites things.
I was not disappointed, even though it was a warm day ( ordered a cool mango margarita to wash it down ) I enjoyed the very hot heavily powdered sugared little squares of dough! Glad I didn't skip a tourist treat!Cafe beignet is good but its not Cafe Du Monde. I can't really elaborate on why other than than the taste is JUST OK.
The ambiance is nice. They had a bar and a piano playing in the corner. 
If I never had beignets, I would give this place 5 stars but I have too much to compare it toWasn't that impressed. Quality of the food was okay. 
I had a better beignet at another spot. 
The line was a bit long and was not fast moving at all.Came to compare the beignets to my favorite, Cafe Du Monde. 
Price: $3.99 vs $2.75 at Cafe du Monde
Seating: felt like the tables were crammed together more than Cafe du Monde. Couldn't even squeeze between tables here. 
Service: friendlier at Cafe du Monde
Beignets: these were more raised donut like in texture and taste, and thus a bit greasier. Cafe du Monde is a bit denser and fluffier. Maybe I'm just used to Cafe du Monde. 
Verdict: for the price and the texture, my vote would me for Cafe du Monde. However, if you brought me here and asked me to eat one, I wouldn't say no.Beignets AND atmosphere were better here than at Cafe du Monde. Beignets here were much lighter & fluffy inside. Plus Cafe du Monde packs just way too many tables/chairs together & is dirty. This place has a quaint clean atmosphere. Can say I ate at Cafe du Monde so now no need to go back as I will instead return to Cafe Beignet.Amazing breakfast sandwich on a croissant. Very filling & easily shareable. Stuffed with egg, bacon & cheese. Will be back!This line is much shorter than their very famous competitor, but it also moves a lot slower! We had about 15 people ahead of us in line, and we waited ~1 hour just to order!
Beignets are more expensive but they are not as good. They were super inconsistent with all their food. Their drinks are SO expensive and not worth it. Also the service is very rude.The beignets were hot and sugary just like I like them. The line was not long like cafe du monde and the service was nice and speedy. The place was small and quaint.The place is cute we enjoyed our beignets and coffee! But the staff was horrible, they act like stuck up hipsters and rush you to order. It was as if we were bothering them and they were sarcastic! New Orleans is a friendly place, this was the only place we encountered rude people.Seriously, better and bigger beingets than at cafe du monde. Same price, but fluffier and no lines!First beignet's for me and my hubby and they were delicious. The were fresh, warm and soft.  I know this may sound odd but there was too much powered sugar.  There had to be 1.5-2 cups on our order which consists of 3 beignet's.  They have a bar and you have to order your food from one place and your drinks from another - that seemed odd and just added to the waiting in line.They serve breakfast here all day & til closing. They have delicious French toast sprinkled with glittery cinnamon granules. Their bacon is fat and delicious. Not salty or skimpy at all. I tried the beignets here but have to admit there's another place in town where I prefer them more. It's a great breakfast place.
Hi Adrienne, 
   You DO breakfast better than anyone in the FQ! And your pricing is better & more affordable than your nearby competitors too. I love that! I had breakfast with you 5 out of the 7 days I was in NOLA, sometimes for lunch or dinner and at all 3 of your super convenient locations. Your side touch of green and peach melon is wonderful too and I love the little birds that come around. It's exactly like The Tuileries Garden in Paris just outside the Louvre Museum where those same birds will sit right on one's finger. I love it. Thank you for providing a delicious experience.After seeing the Cafe Dumond line we decided to keep going.. this place was recommended and after all, as tourists, we just wanted to have a beignet! Success! And delicious!Really enjoyed the Crawfish Omelette and of course the Beignets! Cool live jazz as well!Lots of hype before this visit, and I have to say, the beignets are great! I also got the Southern breakfast and it was fine, but nothing to write home about. I guess that's expected at a beignet place! We were there around 9:30 and had no problem getting a table and the atmosphere was great. Would definitely go again.The beignets are everything Alton Brown said they were!  Fantastic for sure.  Eats like a meal!  Fluffy yet dense on the inside, slight crunch on the outside and plenty of powdered sugar.  Tastes like an adult funnel cake.  The chicken salad sandwich on croissant had plenty of chicken and was simple and good.  Skip the shrimp po' boy - French bread was dry, not enough shrimp and shrimp were small.Excellent. Better than that famous beignet place that is filthy. This cafe is clean and the food is great....full breakfastLOVED THEIR BEIGNETS. 
Yes, everybody goes to Cafe du Monde, but here...they're really good too. Theirs is lighter and less doughy than CdM. Fried for less time too i think, since they are less tanned. Too bad it's pricier ($4 for 3 beignets) because i think they would have more people if it were more competitive. 
Must try them and compare. I liked these better than CdM. There, i said it.These are the best Beignets! Grab coffee at the French truck then a couple orders of these beignets and sit be the water! Perfect!Dropped in here to have a beignet and some coffee. Coffee is not their forte and the beignets were ok, but they need to change their oil. Tradition is usually best.The live jazz performers & the crispy warm beignets coupled with the lovely decor is a dream.Cafe Beignet's beignets were quite tasty.  The line to order was long and it took a while for the beignets to get to our table but they were still pretty tasty.  The bathroom situation at this restaurant was better than other nearby beignet restaurants.  There were a lot more options here to choose from besides beignets which I'm sure others appreciated but I just wanted the powdered sugar and fried dough deliciousness and I wasn't disappointed!The staff sucks. Can't speak to the food, since I never received mine and was met with complete apathy when I inquired about it. I had to give up and leave in order to catch my boat. Stay away!Beignets were good! Service was fast and excellent. The western omelette seemed greasy. The Cajun hash browns were good.Good alternative to cafe du monde when you don't want to wait in line. I was drawn here after seeing Alton Brown said their beignets were the best he'd ever eaten. The beignets here are a little lighter and are bigger. Overall I still came here twice during my stay and equally enjoyed their beignets over Cafe Du Monde's.Hands down the best beignet in NOLA!
Beignets are one of those things you simply cannot miss when you visit New Orleans. To me, they taste like donut meets funnel cake meets and smell like my grandma's kitchen when I was little.
The first time I ate beignets, I went to the more famous and iconic cafe all the tourists flock to, but after trying them at Cafe Beignet my heart had just been won over.
Not only do the beignets taste better, but the ambience is just lovely with a piano autoplaying some nice music, and they feature a breakfast and lunch menu with other local staples such as gumbo and jambalaya. (Decatur location)Beignets were good but any other food was terrible . Eggs and grits were tasteless ! I would not recommend that place, you can have way better plates for that same price somewhere else!We loved the Beignets, they are crispy and have just that perfect amount of powder sugar! We chose here over Cafe Du Monde because it was less crowded. Glad we made the choice!The beignets were pretty delicious but there was more dough inside so it made it a bit more heavier in comparison to their beignet cousin down the street at Café Du Monde.  Nice set up and friendly service too.  They have a nice selection of other treats and meals too.Very pricey. Beignets are tasty but some of the other shops are much better. Service is slow, and not overtly friendly. It's a nice place to sit inside and have the piano playing and looking out to people passing by. Cafe Au Lait was just OK. A bagel breakfast sandwich will run you $7.99 and a small Cafe Au Lait $3.99. They also have a bar! They do have a restroom for customers.there are exactly 2 things that i ate while in nola a week ago that are on my mind daily.  one of those things are the beignets at café beignet (specifically).  don't get me wrong - i really don't think you can make a bad choice when it comes to where to get your beignets.  but if you're looking for large, fluffy, more dense beignets, then this should be your destination.
this location is really great as well for people watching with its open concept right off decatur.  there's a player piano to satisfy your need for "live" music as well. 
UGH.  take me back already!A place to go if you are hungry for an evening snack or a quick breakfast. Liked their lively music and the yummy hot chocolate and of course the hot beignetOh yeah! We choose this over the others, because the Uber driver who is originally from NOLA said we should and she was right! Yummie! Yum! Yum! For my tummie! This is our first stop on the block Of Decatur and what a great start to our adventures!I've been here for breakfast two days in a row now, and while it's been pretty good, I'm a little underwhelmed. Yesterday I had the French toast, which was dry. Today I had the ham and cheese omelette, which comes with a side of grits and French bread. The omelette was not bad, but a little runny. The grits were terrible, but I don't like grits so I'm not an impartial judge. The bread was very hard. 
On the plus side, the staff is all very friendly and helpful. They get through the line pretty quickly and there's not too long a wait for the food. I think the best thing is obviously the beignets, which were absolutely amazing. In the future, I think I'll stick to that and ignore the other items.I thought this cafe was super cute. There was live music, an open bar and some cute little tables inside. The food was good too. I tried the beignets, an omelette and a burger- all tasted pretty fine. One of the few places I found in the French quarter with good vegetarian options unless you're eating at a fancy hotel! 3 stars for good service, above average food and cute ambiance!Ok. So we came to NOLA for a few days for our anniversary. The beignet controversy is strong around town (Cafe Beignet vs Cafe du Monde). I'm from Cincinnati where it's similar in the chili world between Skyline and Gold Star. So, my wife and I decided to do our own 'side-by-side' comparison. After a full and thoughtful exploration of the single order of beignet from each spot....Cafe Beignet wins. du Monde may be the original, but their beignets are a little more dense...maybe even slightly overcooked. Cafe Beignet's are a little more 'airy' and have a little more flavorful (sweeter) dough. Both are excellent, but if I'm coming back to NOLA I'm stopping in Cafe Beignet.Between Cafe Du Mond and Cafe Beignet, I like Cafe Beignet better! Great sized beignet and more flavor in my opinion. Also easier to get in and grab a seat, and usually live music playing. Great ambiance and great beignets.Over price beignet and coffee.  The beignet was a k at best and don't get me start with the coffee.Great coffee, excellent pecan pie, full bar and live music.  Very lovely dining area, friendly and fast staff.  Our hotel gave us a coupon book, which included one for a rum drink from here.
After enjoying our beignet, pecan pie and coffees we walked over to the bar to try this drink.  The bartender was very rude and scolded me saying that the coupon didn't cover gratuity and he was tired of it.   Excuse me, but since when is it appropriate for service staff to school patrons on tipping?  That's our  only negative comment about Cafe Beignet.  The bar staff needs a course on customer service.  We tipped the poor tortured bartender, but much less, and went back and tipped the barista and cashier more.We each had a breakfast sandwich on a bagel after arriving back from our cruise . This place just opened and we decided to try it. They were about 8 dollars each and totally worth it! The eggs were done omelette style on the bagel with bacon and cheese cooked in it. Extremely generous portion and worth the price. The staff was very unorganized and weren't helpful. I asked for more ketchup as there were only 2 little packets left and the employees didn't make an effort to get anymore. They were just standing against the bar . Atmosphere was great, was like an old diner style with a modern feel. 4 stars because of the food, would have given 5 if the staff was a bit more helpful/friendlyI love this place. Great music. Open air. Simple food at great prices. Good drinks. Go here to listen to music every time.It's hard for me to ever get that excited about a touristy place in the heart of a touristy district, but Cafe Beignet has a lot going for it. First, their beignets were fresh and hot out of the fryer--delish! Side note: Get the powdered sugar on the side and prepare to be baffled at how much they put on! You can still dip the Beignets in the sugar to make them sweet, but this way you'll save your waist line a bit. This large amount of sugar isn't unique to Cafe Beignet of course.
Their regular food was also very good. We got a sausage hash brown plate with potatoes for $10 and it was very filling and tasty. Finally, and maybe most importantly, the line here took us 10-15 minutes, whereas Cafe du Monde had a 1-2 hour wait just up the street. Save yourself some time and just go here. Service was prompt here as well.
Only one weird thing to note. About half way through our meal a man walked into the cafe carrying a pistol in a belt holster. We are from Michigan where open carrying is not common, so this was very surprising and a bit disconcerting to us. Is open carry legal in Louisiana? The staff's reaction to the man was mixed. One hostess seemed to know him and actually acted friendly with him, although another worker talked privately to him before escorting him out of the cafe. This doesn't necessarily reflect poorly on Cafe Beignet, although it was a bit weird for us out of towners.I thought these beignets were much better than the more "famous " ones just sown the road 
Loved the atmosphere of the cafe.Beignets were good, giant and fluffy.  Also ordered Jambalaya that was not good.  Took one bite and threw it away.  It tasted like it had been sitting under a heating lamp for several hours.  Would return for beignets but not sure I would order anything else.Awesome place to chill along with tasty Au Lait, beignet and relaxing jazz. Also a place near Natchez steamboat.We dropped in for a late bite sandwich.  The food was great, cute little shop, friendly staff and good AC.  Worth a stopThey always have a band playing!! Really nice touch. This is the second location I've been too and have not been disappointed. Hot fresh beignets and topped with A LOT of sugar, just the way I like it!!! A must while you're in the area!!Yummy, warm, fresh beignets, iced coffee, and live music. Great alternative to Cafe de Monde. As for my opinion on the comparison beignets, this place is much bigger and densor, but overall similar in tastes.I appreciated the full bar, I enjoyed a nice mimosa, Cafe du monte has a livelier scene and faster pace. The beignets were good, they used less powder sugar then du monte. My friends loved this place, they came here every day, I wasn't as big of a fan as they were.Would recommend coffee & beignets here over Cafe DuMonde. Indoor but open-air. Kind of expensive but food was good, coffee very strong,  beignets very good. Staff was okay, location was clean.On my short visit to New Orleans and the French Quarter, this was my first stop for local fare.  
Ordered at the window an order of beignets (3 come in an order).  While we waited, there was a platter of hot samples.  The beignets were delivered in a white paper bag with the hot treats covered in powdered sugar.  Well, not just covered, there was powdered sugar in that bag left over that would have covered 6 more, at least!  
There are a few tables outdoors to sit and enjoy, so that we did.  I thought I'd eat just one, but...well, yeah, not a single morsel was left except for a bag still full of powdered sugar!  
They were seriously deliciously sweet, doughy, and hot!  The taste reminds me of elephant ears you get at outdoor fairs and carnivals.Dirty. Beignets were good. Place was so dirty we could not believe it. One restroom and it was filthy. I hate to post this so go elsewhere. The hype was ruined by how nasty it was.  The owners should fix this up. But with the number of guests I suppose they don't have too.  Sad.The help are disinterested and rude. I asked for a specific coffee. Paid $6 and got a black coffee with flavored syrup. I went back and told her this wasn't what I asked for, and she sarcastically told me "sorry" as she rolled her eyes. Our ticket for 4 was about $28 for 3 coffees, 2 ordered of beignets and 1 water. Nothing fabulous about this place at all.This is the location to go for beignets in NOLA. The coffee And beignets were much better than Up the street at Café Du Monde. Atmosphere was also fantastic and less crowded.I had the breakfast croissant...it was decent, nothing special but filling. My gf had the beignets, she said they were very good...although that was her 1st time eating them and the line at cafe du monde literally was around the corner, so we opted here.
There was a woman singing french jazz songs while a guitarist played..that was a lovely lovely touch.
Theres just too many delicious spots in Nola for me to come here again.Ok.  So I did succumb. 
Thought I would have a few bites and let it go.  But no.  I ate all three beignet.  All three.   And I did not care that I left white powder all over myself.   
While I cannot compare to Cafe Du Monde for flavor, I can state that I saw a huge line there but was able to enter this cafe, order within 5 mins, find a seat, and get served promptly. Thoroughly enjoyable way to clog the arteries. The coffee was good, too. 
Sweet little birds got some beignet action, tooHad the beignets here and they were fairly good and just as good as Cafe Du Monde. My daughter did mention that these beignets are fluffier than Cafe Du Monde.... she's a donut eating person, I'm not.  I did like the establishment here because of the live jazz music, that was a nice touch for me.  The beignet's here are a dollar more, than Cafe Du Monde. Overall I suggest give both establishments a try and judge for yourself.Disappointing is the only word for the beignets here. Over cooked and doughy on the inside. I was looking for a beignet with a light puffy pastry as I have had in New Orleans before. I won't be back.Decent food but a little overpriced for what you get...Just average.  Being in a tourist location it should be expected but if you want a decent pastry aside from a beignets this is the stop.  For the experience and price Cafe Du Monde is better for beignets.i've had this place a couple times and was happy with their beignets. the coffee is mediocre. what really bugs me though is when you have to wait 30+ minutes (with no one in line, mind you) to get 3 friggin beignets. definitely will be going elsewhere from now on.Wanted a decent breakfast on our last morning vs the continental at the hotel. Ordered grits, eggs, toast and coffee. Wanted Bailey's in the coffee, but bar not open until 10am. #WTF chairs and tables are tiny. I mean like child sized. The plates and utensils were all plastic. The serving of grits was a teaspoon. A teaspoon of grits! 
Dont waste your time or $$ at this place.Waited 30 mins to get our beignets while several customers that came in after us received theirs. Poor customer service.Sorry, but not even close to Cafe Du Monde.  You have to add your cream and sugar to your own coffee.::even though it's a seated cafe.  The beignets are more like regular bread.  Very disappointed.I want more beignets! But I don't want to wait on line at Cafe DuMonde again. Walked in and there wasn't a line at all. Ordered at the corner and wasn't given a number to wait for my order. Then went over to the bar to get a drink to sip on while I waited. The beignets are made to order so they come to you hot! They were really good. I would recommend if you really want another one quick without having to wait in a long line. They also have a lot of other items you can get along with the beignets.I stopped here after a walk around the French Quarter for some dinner and beignets. The beignets were definitely 5-star. There were 3 per order, a little heavier than Cafe du Monde, very good. But what I'm really here about is what I ordered for dinner...
What was very disappointing was the veggie sandwich. It was literally two slice of rye bread with a microwaved freezer veggie patty between them. There was a small bit of lettuce, tomato, and onion on the side, but no sauce, no real flavor, nothing to suggest there was any effort put into this dish. Even if you're putting it on the menu just to have a token vegetarian item, it should still reflect well on the restaurant. C'mon guys. 
So...come for the beignets, and don't expect anything else.Not going to hate on this place but it was meh. It's cash only. You are only able to buy coffee and or beignets. Don't come here expecting it for menu with lots of options, this place is short sweet and very to the point. The lines can be somewhat ridiculous so be prepared. Coffee was average tasting but the been yeas are very filling, you get three to an l order... And will likely get powdered sugar everywhere.This was possibly the best beignet I've ever had . They are hands down better than cafe du monde.I want to just put this out there; Alton Brown (Food Network) has tried both, and prefers Cafe Beignet.  And so do I!
Cafe Beignet is not only cheaper, they have 3 locations (i.e. less wait), and they genuinely do have better beignets.  It all comes in the dough; when you eat a beignet from here, the center is fluffy soft pillowy dough which makes the consistency that much better.  That is what sets this apart from Cafe DuMonde which is, mostly, flatter and less "pillowy" on the inside.
Prefer what you want, I'm a fan of Cafe Beignet, can't wait to go back.  Having tried Cafe Du Monde, I'll rather pay less, wait less, and enjoy more at Cafe Beignet.It is worth a stop in the morning for a coffee and a beignets. On holiday weekends there will be a line so come early. Open air with A/C  nice stop. Coffee with Chicory, gives the coffee a slight  savory kick. Look up the history on the coffee , it's interesting. 
The beignets were as I quote my wife " Hot, sweet, top 3 or 4 she has had. " 
She travels the world so that's not bad.We sat in the patio on Bourbon, grabbed a muffin on Royal and actually tried the beignets on Decatur. The one on Decatur was really cute, with bright lights and a parlor vibe. Points for a self-playing piano performer. They also offer cookies and muffins etc. so can't withhold a point for variety. 
Their beignets are bigger! But with bigger size came a bigger price tag. We were satisfied with the heavy dose of powder. The coffee was sweeter but tasted artificial. Overall they were good but didn't give us the feels like Cafe Du Monde. I knew from the first bite & sip that Cafe Du Monde was the ultimate winner. This was a close second, beating out Morning Call.
I feel like we got lucky and came before the crowds followed. But even as we sat inside, there was barely a line. Maybe everyone was doing dinner around that time? We were there from 8pm to closing.Doesn't beat cafe du monde.
They weren't bad, but not as great as the first batch I had at CdM. I honestly thought they'd be better since everyone was raving about these, but they were just ok. They felt much more crisp, instead of fluffy like the originals.
Cute little shop though.Turkey sandwich on a croissant was so delicious. A simple beyond basic sandwich was pure gold to me. 
The beignets were delightful and I would definitely go back for the sandwich and beignet.In the battle of best beignet (between Cafe du Monde and Cafe Beignet), I have to give it to Cafe Beignet.  I'm not an expert on these delicious forms of fried dough, but CB had fluffier, slightly crispier beignets that were much easier to eat than CdM.  They also don't have an obnoxious amount of powdered sugar on them. 
The ambiance of this CB location was great as well, it did feel very Parisian/European.  Also, much less of a zoo than CdM.  We also got a lemonade which was hella refreshing.  
If what you care most about is having beignets and you only have time to visit one place, come here over CdM.  If you are looking for a classic historic NOLA experience, you have to try Cafe du Monde (but come to Cafe Beignet also if you have the time and compare for yourself).  "You can never have too many beignets". - said no one.best beignets every! way better than cafe du monde.  this place is so pretty, open, friendly, and has the best beignets! it was seriously so good and they make it fresh.  my fingers were burning cause they were that fresh from the fryers! i love how open the place is too. such a chill spot and it's so nice to sit out there on pretty days. i'd totally make this a local spot if i lived here. my boyfriend got a cookie and every that was super good! i'd totally recommend trying this place out if you want to get beignets or desserts!The food was amazing. But the customer service sucks. Don't know if I want to pay $50 for food and get the worst service possible. They are fighting over who's job it is to fill the ketchup. My son just needed ketchup. I really didn't care who's job it was just wanted 2 packets of ketchup. The girl at the register was a little too much as well.4 stars for the beignets. We only got the beignets just for comparison to Cafe Du Monde's. The beignets here much more fresh and came out piping hot! 
It depends on what you like:
Cafe beignet: very fresh, hot, soft and doughy.
 Cafe Du Monde: not as fresh, but more crispy like funnel cake (personally I like the crispy)
Cafe beignet was wayyyy better in terms of service, wait time, and cleanliness. They also have variety of food for a full meal which we did not try. 
Overall, if you like that soft, doughy texture, these beignets are amazing.I would trade my soul for these w a cup of cafe ole. Maybe my first born or my dog. Both are purely theoretical of course. 
As a professed sweetaholic and possibly fryaholic, this is where my happy place would be. Yes, there will be a clause in my will to bury me in the grease traps under the sink of cafe beignet. 
This is the holy grail of decadent soul food that can make or break your morning; I think the secret is finding the happy medium which is 2-3 beignets for the entire morning into late lunch, but that's me. For you, it may be 1 or 8. You finagle with that. So worth the 40 min minimum line that I cannot wait to do again if I'm in town.
The most beautiful part about this? The orange boxes they sell at nearly any shop in New Orleans, amazon, Asian markets now anywhere carries these beignet mixes- actually makes them almost like the ones from the shop. The only difference is that they are not as fluffy or airy and not nearly buried in an avalanche of powdered sugar Bc we are small operations at home. But the flavor is the same. There you go.Player piano like damn water torture- program it to TURN OFF every few minutes for 10 minutes
RIGHT NOW
I will NOT be back- staff beignets great but I will go where there is peace and quiet early in particularOverpriced, underserved very noisy and uncomfortable. You can find what they at much better quality outside the French Quarters. I know they need to live but the FQ is a parking nightmare overpriced and difficult to navigate. On the other hand one cannot deny its charm and beauty. Save the FQ for tours sightseeing and carriage ride if you want beignets go to Cafe du Monde it's noisy but a lot better served and organized than Cafe Beignet.The beignets and gumbo really hit the spot. It's just down the street from Cafe du Monde and without the huge line. Live jazz music. It was a wonderful way to start the day.Yummm! Seriously New Orleans style food! People know the food is good so line gets long...make sure to head out early so your not hangry by the time you eat!Horrible experience. I would not recommend anyone go and try this place out. pathetic service and horribly tasting food. They missed our drinks and when I went back to the counter to tell them they wouldn't give them to us because we had lost our receipt. Also I ordered hashbrowns and had pork in it which I don't eat and when I complained they said they can't do anything about it.they really need some training in customer service.Beignets and NOLO just go together - and while most consider Cafe Du Monde the go to, we decided a taste-off was in order between them and Cafe Beignet who got Alton Brown's "Best Thing I Ever Ate" vote.
Baker found Cafe Du Monde to be denser but with a nice vanilla background note.
For Biker, Cafe Beignet's were much lighter but lacked the more complex flavors.
The verdict: seriously people, it is fried dough and there is no wrong answer - try them both for yourself!My fiancé liked their beignets better than Cafe Du Monde because they were softer. I loved the live music and the wide open doors and space. Really great location and service!Clean and cute cafe with what some say are the best beignets in the French Quarter, without the crowds. These plump little confections did not disappoint- they were hot, fresh & delicious! There were three in a serving and they sure hit the spot after an evening of savory dishes. Great coffee, too!Come here instead of waiting in the crazy line at Cafe Du Monde. Delicious beignets and live music make this a lively fun place. Full bar and outdoor seating.Only went for beignets, to compare to cafe du monde. These are more doughy and more like a doughnut. Less crowded and had live music. Iced coffee was pre made and sitting in dispensers.I loved the Beignets here! I honestly didn't feel like waiting in line for Cafe Du Monde (besides I went another day) and didn't expect to be surprised but I was. The cafe au laite however is not so great..I much preferred Cafe Du Monde's cafe au laite. It was also served on a paper cup which is a bummer. With a cute looking inside/outside cafe like this why not give the whole cafe experiene and serve it in cafe mugs? This place can definitely get huge lines as well so come early. We got here at 9am and was seated immediately whereas Cafe Du Monde had a small line already.The beignets were delightful. Better than C du M and less crowded, plus air conditioning! Skip the other breakfast stuff - it was just ok.Went here for brunch. I had the breakfast sandwich and Carmel aulait. Delicious,,, my friends had the roast beef  and another had turkey. All delicious! Will go here again.Love Cafe Beignet.  We had Beignet from there 3 times.  Once in Cafe  DuMonde.  The Beignet were made to order do they were hot when we got them. Cafe DuMonde made them in mass production they were not hot.
Beignet done that...Don't go here for a meal unless you want to be really underwhelmed. Great atmosphere mediocre cafeteria food at best. Love the open air concept with the player piano to set the mood, but then I'm served a deli meat sandwich on a styrofoam plate? Completely disappointed with my "Decatur sandwich". Really wish I had just stopped to get a coffee and people watch. I've heard the beignets are great but I didn't have any. They look good though and the couple next to me said they were "very fresh." Don't go for a meal though. They should just do beignets and coffee.Line moved quickly.  Young lady behind counter VERY pleasant and helpful! Young man cleaning tables took extra care to not let spray float over on to us or our food.  Great staff even with having to take care of so many people.  We'll be back!This place is NOT WORTH IT save your money for something better. We stopped In for a quick breakfast this morning..big mistake. We tried the "French toast" and a blueberry scone. The French toast was flavorless and the scone was meh! The girls behind the counter are clueless. There was a customer ahead of us who they weren't sure if they were giving him the correct coffee.. so what does one of the girls do? Opens up the cup and sniffs his coffee, pretty gross. We won't be coming back that's for sure!This cafe was a great find during my recent trip to New Orleans! Instead of waiting in the long lines at Cafe du Monde, we walked right in and sat at the bar! Unlike Cafe du Monde, this lesser known spot has a full bar and full menu of snacks, all day breakfast, and lunch foods! 
The beignets were just as delicious and affordable as Cafe du Monde, without the long waits and crowds! I had a mojito along with my beignets, which was perfect for a hot day. We didn't get to hear live music while we were here, but saw the band setting up for the evening - something we will have to stay for next time! 
If you are okay with skipping the classic tourist experience at Cafe du Monde, head down to the street to this cafe instead!We had eaten at cafe du monde on previous trips to New Orleans and the lines there were horrendous this time, so we went to cafe beignet just down the street instead. The first day, it was around 9:30 and there was a line to the door and not many open seats. However the line moved pretty quickly, we got seats, and our order came out pretty quickly. The second time we went, it was around 8 am, no line, and plenty of seats. Both times, all the employees were friendly and quick. The cafe has large doors they keep open and a player piano providing music.
   We ordered cafe au lait, a bacon egg and cheese croissant, and beignets. All of it was freshly made and flavorful. The beignets are as good or better than cafe du monde, but without the ridiculous wait times.Good beignets if you don't have to wait but dirty tables and floors as well as outdoors. With a constant line , you really can't afford to hire more help?We wanted to compare this place with cafe du monde ! And this one beat it !!!! The beignets were so much better and the frozen coffee had more flavor than next door!!! 
They were a little bit more expensive at this shop and obviously this place is not open 24/7 ! But it is good !!!
Wished we had them more than once !Great location for people watching. Beignets were similar to CDM, maybe a little lighter in texture, but more expensive. A 16 oz coke, over $3.00! Refill? Sure! $1.10 more! Not the friendliest of servers either. Won't be back.Stood in line for 40min on a Saturday morning. We wanted to have breakfast but also have some beignet's. When our food finally came out, $45 worth, it couldn't have been more messed up! Orders were wrong, toast wasn't brought out and never was. The food we did get was tasty but not what we ordered, my ham and mushroom omelet had bacon and no mushrooms, we won't be back.No point in waiting in the ridiculous line at that really popular beignet place. These beignets were delicious and not as obnoxious to obtain! Coffee was great too!! Friendly staff!The food was wonderful I recommend the southern plate or the the cajun hash browns. They offer a military discount as wellTh four stars is just for the beignets. It was our very first Beignet ever in New Orleans and we loved it here. Loved the ambience and live jazz music aura in the evening we went there. Other bakery items we tried was the blueberry croissant which was mediocre.AMAZING BEIGNETS!! Period. You got 3 for $3 and it's such a cute spot to listen to live music and watch life go by in the French Quarter.Since we were in NOLA we decided we had to try a classic beignet. Of course the obvious choice was the famous cafe down the street. However one quick look at the line formed down the street quickly made me decide I had no desire for a beignet. 
As we headed back towards the car we walked past Cafe Beignet. The place looked nice, they had live music and only a couple people in line. Hmmm my beignet desires were reignited!
Two orders of beignet and a cafe au lait. The beignets were soft and delicious the coffee was ok. While I can't directly compare them to the place down the street I can't imagine any scenario where fried dough with powdered sugar could be THAT much better to justify such an insane line.
Save yourself the headache and just come here. Unless you're into standing in lines... lots of people seem to like it.BETTER than the beignet at Cafe Du Monde. There, I said it. 
Although I'm not crazy about beignet, I just had to try them while traveling to NOLA. Of course, the obvious choice is Cafe Du Monde. However, if you're not down to wait in line, you should definitely try Cafe Beignet. Plus the staff here are way nicer :P
The two taste very similar, but here's why I like Cafe Beignet's beignet better: less greasy and the inside is much fluffier. They serve it FRESH and they are amazing while they're piping hot. 
I also had a frozen coffee here, but it does not compare. It was average but does not really stand out.Better beignet and more fresh than cafe du monde. Has breakfast menu all day. Nice italian vibe interior. Price okay. Bar and piano is a plus.I'm not sure why Cafe du monde is the "go-to" place for beignets in New Orleans! We stopped in here yesterday to try the beignets. We went to Cafe du monde this am to try theirs also. Cafe Beignet is the clear winner for multiple reasons. First, there was no line and it wasn't busy at all. Second, our beignets were served piping hot right out of the fryer. These beignets are bigger and so much fluffier. There's a full bar right inside the place, so if you prefer some liquor or frozen cocktails with your beignets, then this is your place! They also serve breakfast sandwiches and other baked goods if beignets aren't your thing (idk whose thing they aren't though! Lol) I'll keep this short and sweet and let my pictures do the talking, but seriously, you need to come here for beignets! You're welcome in advance!Came on a Saturday for brunch. Had the Chicken Conti on a Croissant, bacon egg and cheese on a bagel and beignets. It was crowded, the kitchen/server lost our ticket. We waited 35 mins for our food, which wouldn't have been a problem but several other parties were ordering after us and and eating before us. We questioned the waitress who was stressed, but very rude. When we received our order, it was all wrong. She was furious when we told her, she said "well, now you will just have to wait longer".  Two stars for bad customer service. The food was "ok". The beignets were not the best.I love the layout of the cafe, very open and you get a great view of the street.  Love the old school diner as well.  Prices for beignets were so good ($3.99 for 3) and they were very generous with size.  Quick service.  Next time I will try the coffee!Cafe Beignet has the best coffee and Beignets in all of New Orleans. The Hazelnut Cafe Au Lait is so good and the Beignets are large, fluffy, and covered in yummy sugar. Skip Cafe Du Monde and come here. They also serve breakfast food and the seating area is very nice!Easy acc ed ss to the strip, and a really good place to grab a bite when in a hurry...plus one of the few places that serve breakfast 24 hoursOpen air cafe style while eating inside. Service is very slow. Birds flying among the tables is extremely annoying and unsanitary.  Then you'll always get some idiot that feeds them - and thus attracts more. 
Decor is awesome. Come here for a drink or daiquiri there would be immediate service. 
Ok I just witnessed a worker take 'unused' napkins from a table and put them back into the napkin dispenser. Unacceptable. Gross. I'm dropping a star from 3 to 2. Only solid gold food now is going to help this score. 
36 minutes to get one plate of hash browns and eggs. 
Hash browns are tasty. Scrambled eggs are well done. Obviously talent in the kitchen.I ordered hot chocolate and beignets. The beignets were fluffier than Cafe Du Monde. The by hot chocolate was delicious!
I liked the atmosphere a lot! There was a small jazz band playing.This place was closest to our hotel and we came in for a frozen coffee and some beignets.
As I am not a person who judges sweets, my companion said their beignets were actually better than Cafe du Monde's after you consider the crazy line the latter has.
They also have a full bar.
Unfortunately the next day they were not open for early breakfast (before 8am).
I think their dishes are a bit pricey for both quality and quantity compared to the surrounding restaurants, but it isn't bad.We absolutely loved cafe beignet! Such a cute, cozy atmosphere and great food for breakfast. We enjoyed our pecan waffles and breakfast sandwich.Food was very bad. I ordered the creole hash browns and my husband had the red beans and rice . The food looked like it was days old. I won't be going back.On the way back from Woldenberg Park, my son wanted to try the beignets here. We waited in a fairly long line. The beignets were very hot but a bit more bready and doughy than a Cafe du Monde or Morning Call version and about a dollar more for being in a tourist point- at the corner of JAX Brewery building. The place is light, bright, clean and large. A pleasant stop but nothing is go out of my way for.We came here couple of times. I liked their beignets alot. I preferred them over Cafe du Monde. But that's my opinion. It sells like it was crisper on the outside.
We also had an omelet. I think it's was the only place in New Orleans where an entree wasn't overly salty.Only good thing I had here was the coffee! The beignets were greasy and hard. Definitely not comparable to the beignets from Cafe du Monde. I wouldn't go back if your looking for beignets. The other food on the menu though I can't say bc I didn't try anything else.It was great. Wasn't a big fan of the beignets. They're service was okay. They kind of acted like they wanted you to just take the food and move along. Was okay.The beignets were out of this world amazing! They came out HOT! The live music was amazing and the atmosphere was neat too! I'd say this stop is a MUST for all visitors. This whole French Quarter is a neat place to see!First things first .... THE BEIGNETS HERE ARE DELICIOUS.... SERIOUSLY !!! If you are looking for amazingly yummy CHEAP EATS... add this place to your list. For just under $4 you get 3 large (they come in an order of 3 no matter what), super fluffy beignets ! Definitely enough to share... my husband and I each had one and was practically too full to split the 3rd one... but we did anyway , because they were so good. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because the service was a bit slow at the time we visited, and it appeared to be before the morning rush. We stopped in around 8:40am before our 9am tour began. There wasn't much of a line... only 2 guests in front of us, and less than 5 tables waiting for food around us, yet we almost had to cancel the order in fear of missing the start of the tour (which started just 50 yards away). 
Overall, it's definitely worth checking out, but be sure to arrive early.
UPDATE : After checking out their "famous" competition... I must update my review to FIVE stars.. the taste and quality of the beignets here is far better than the comp ! More bang for your buck.Great Hot with a little crisp Beinets! Super cheap too... 3 huge pieces for only $3.99... Live music from 2pm-10 with a cute cafe sitting area right next to the french quarters and the water ...I visited the Cafe Beignet on Royal Street and loved the beignets there. I thought about those beignets all day after eating them. On my last day in New Orleans I stopped by this Cafe Beignet location after visiting the other famous beignet spot a few blocks away and had to agree with my sister that the beignets at Cafe Beignet are a bit better. This location had good live music and a full service bar. I wanted to order as many beignets as I could to enjoy them on the drive back home. When I return to NOLA my first stop will be to get some mouthwatering beignets from any Cafe Beignet location!As much as we love Cafe Du Monde (the super popular beignet place), we wanted to give other places a chance too to prove that their beignets are just as good. We tried the beignets at Cafe Beignet and found that we liked Cafe Du Monde a lot better. While it wasn't bad, the beignets were really thin and crispy and I like them more light and fluffy.
See blog for Cafe du Monde vs Cafe Beignet comparison: http://sophaddicted.com/new-orleans-la-what-to-eat/Excellent cafe that serves great beignets with a lot of sugar. I came into the restraunt to try a good new Orleans donut (beignet) and I must say I wasn't disappointed they served the beignet practically swimming in sugar and I enjoyed as much as I could eat. But in the end I only ate one since they were really good. Overall we are talking top notch high quality beignets and great service, as well as a self playing piano which added a nice touch. So if your in French quarter and you are interested in some beignets definitely stop by because you won't be disappointed I know I wasn't.Delicious beignets, good chickory coffee (if you're into that), nice atmosphere, live music (quiet enough to still have an easy conversation though), and friendly staff make Cafe Beignet a great stop on your trip to the French Quarter. I've been a big fan of Du Monde since I first went 3 or 4 years ago. Since then I hadn't even considered another location for beignets. This last trip we were outside and decided to give Cafe Beignet a try and much to my surprise, I liked the beignets here better. The next day we went to both Du Monde and Cafe Beignet to do a side by side and see if it was a fluke and Cafe Beignet came away with a clear win. The beignet's are softer, fresher tasting, and bigger. Not in a purely air bubble or too dense sense, but in the perfect fluffy and soft while also substantive sense. That's nothing against Du Monde, I'm still giving them a 5 on Yelp too (it's a must go if you're in nola), but on a pure beignet v beignet level, Cafe Beignet pulls away with the win imo. And with the ambience, location, friendly staff, live music, and overall very cute and clean atmosphere, what's not to love!Love the beignets here! Prefer them ten times the beignets at Cafe Du Monde. They absolutely melt in your mouth! Live music tops off the experience.We've walked past Cafe Beignet at least once a day for the last five days and decided to give it a go. We ordered 5 items. Coffee, blueberry scone, ham and mushroom omelet (no cheese) and cajun hashbrowns. 
We received a cranberry scone and a ham mushroom and cheese omelet. Don't know how the hashbrowns were. They were loaded with sausage. I don't eat meat. Thankfully there was a homeless girl out front that appreciated them.Our hotel concierge recommended this place and we are so delighted we took his advice. Our beignet mainstays have been Morning Call and Cafe du Monde for many years. That changed today. These beignets are slightly denser but still fluffy. This is a big improvement from the aforementioned establishments.  We are proud to know Cafe Beignet exists and look forward to our next NOLA trip.Bad customer service. Didn't great or smile. Ordered a banana nut muffin; it was incredibly dry. Ordered hot chocolate, literally chocolate syrup and hot water. Don't come here, walk a little further down to cafe du monde.Go to central grocery if you want a Muffelletta, 
2 coffes, 2 muffeletas, and a key lime pie,  $31.00 yikes
bread and meat tasted and chewed like rubber, one bite and in the trash.Inadvertently arriving a mere two minutes prior to their closing, they prepared fresh beignets coated in a mountain of powdered sugar. A perfect dessert to round out a perfect Louisiana evening.I really wanted to give it five stars but the service here was horrible and I really don't think I'll be coming back. My first time in New Orleans, I found this place to be amazing. The staff was wonderful and the beignets where amazing. Me and my friends spent most of the time hanging out in this quaint cafe. 
But when I came back in September:
1. The cashier was very rude and apparently isn't used to dealing with tourist and obviously had a problem with my tattoos. I greeted her and she just looked at me with a face of disgust and took my order because she had no choice. (I remember her face and the looks she gave me and I'm sorry she was having a bad day but don't take it out on the customer)
2. I ordered 2 hazlenut iced Au laits and they gave me 2 regular iced Au laits with coffee grounds in it. (It was a Asian girl with blue hair that made it) she then put a defective lid on it and I ended spilling most of the drink on my white shirt. I shrugged it off and decided to ask for napkins. When I asked for napkins the cashier was reluctant to give them to me. At this point I should've just left but I wanted my boyfriend to try the beignets.
3. The waiter finally gets to the table and basically throws the beignets on the table and leaves. My boyfriend was like "everybody looks so happy to be working here" we tried them and they where hard and tasted old :(
I have no clue what happened between May to September. But I felt so uncomfortable that I just left. I won't be coming back. I told my friends and they couldn't believe my experience, we had an amazing time the first time we went and this time it was just horrible. I fell in love with New Orleans but this made me feel so bad that I just avoided it the rest of the time I was in the French Quarter.I prefer this place over Cafe Du Monde. The beignets are softer on the inside and just tastes better. I like that this place is located right next to the steamboat pier. I had a veggie burger and it was pretty good but those beignets were very tasty.