I really love the Ethiopian food here.  Ordered a lamb dish (forget the name) but it was the second one on the menu under 'Lamb'.  IT WAS DELICIOUS!  The flavor was all there, the peppers and onions mixed in and the injera is awesome.  It was sour, spongy (which is natural), and...kept on coming.  About $12.99 per dish for dinner.  
I would have liked to try the tea or coffee too.
The location is kind of difficult to find.  It's right next to a tire shop and I nearly missed it when driving by.  
My friends and I were having a great time.  We had thought we had everything paid for with appropriate tip, etc., but then the waitress came back and very rudely asked why we only gave her x amount of tip.  Had she came back and handled it in a different way, perhaps in a more concerned tone instead of one that felt like she was attacking us, then the experience would have been 10 times better.  
Other than that confusion, the food was amazing and the service (up until that point) was also great.  Would definitely come back.First time eating Ethiopian food, I didn't know exactly what me and my friends should get so the waiter curated a meal for us that consisted of: Doro Wot, Doro with Spinach, Lamb Alicha, and the Veggie Combo.  It was absolutely divine! We ate every single last piece of it!Amazing Ethiopian cuisine. This place is amazing! From service to food to atmosphere it was just perfect. I went on a Thursday didn't need a reservation, but felt like a fancy place. we ordered the lamb tibs which was delicious. The owner(Ermias) is on site and very interactive so the place is filled with positive energy. We had some ethiopian coffe after our meal which hit the spot. Over all best Ethiopian cuisine in LA!The aroma of delicious Ethiopian food and the vibrant flag draws you in from Magazine Street and you'll be glad for this break from traditional Cajun and creole cuisine. By the way, as of the date of this review the restaurant has only been open one week! Kudos!
I started with the pot of Ethiopian tea and Yesiga Sambussa (ground beef, onion & spices). The tea was delightful and was a nice complement to the appetizer. My main course was the Yebeg Alicha, bone-in lamb meat cooked to tenderness in a mild curry, garlic and Ginger sauce.
Fabulous food and tea and excellent service! I'll be back soon!! Shalom!I love Ethiopian food, and we lost our only purveyor of injera borne yummies after Katrina, until this slightly hidden spot appeared late last year. The space is, to be kind, charmless-housed in what might once have been a laundry room for an apartment complex, there are scant few amenities, but most fans of Ethiopian food are used to "lo-fi" surroundings; what we care about is the food, and the food is very good here.
    This cuisine is one of the most vegetarian friendly around, and not just because of the variety offered, but because the presence of so many legumes offers actual protein without tofu or nuts-delicious and nutritious!
    The sambusa appetizers are tasty, but the size of the entrees precludes needing a starter unless you have a mob with you (which is the best way to eat this most "family style" of foods). All of the veggie selections are great, so just go all in and get the combo, with extra injera bread and stroll next door to Garden District Shoe Repair to get an extra hole punched in your belt afterwards.
    My one gripe, that keeps this from four-stardom is there is no lunch menu with lower prices/smaller portions; that makes it prohibative for me and my movie folk ilk. Maybe after a few more visits, I'll embrace profligacy mors than I already do and big up this little (unpolished) gem.Excellent food, best Ethiopian I've ever had. Well flavored and fresh. Portions are substantial. We accidentally ordered two "veggie combo" and it were unable to finish it, despite having quite an appetite. Waiter was cheerful, quick and attentive but service felt a bit disorganized - caught between very casual and slightly formal. Still, I will definitely patronize this joint again. 
The atmosphere and ordering protocol need some work. Get rid of the television, improve the seating arrangement, make the atmosphere more intimate and simplify the menu design. Also, where's the drinks menu?Very good food. The injera is delicious, the doro wot (chicken dish) was excellent, and the staff was very friendly. I would highly recommend going here if you like Ethiopian food, or if you've never had it and want to try a new kind of cuisine.Wonderful little restraunt. 
Eat inside or out. Inside tables have table clothes and low lighting. Still friendly and family oriented. Very eclectic friendly group of clientele. Outside is picnic style. Bring you own alcohol to have with food.
Now, the service and food is amazing. Service is friendly and always remember you when you go back and your food interest.
The food is an amazing in flavors that warm your heart and soul. There are so many items to try and very hard to pick your favorites. I've tried many but what sticks out for me is the Doro Wot and Vegetarian combo. Some vegetables I will not eat anywhere but here.
A must try restraunt that will keep you coming back.
Don't forget the coffee and baklava if you have room.Deelish! As a vegetarian, I am very pleased to have this place as a regular option. Following the advice of a couple of other yelpers, my husband and I split 1 vegetarian combo ($16 for yellow lentils, red lentils, greens, cabbage & carrots, potatoes & carrots) and we still couldn't finish it -- but almost. So there was plenty of food. Our bellies were so full and so happy! And it was all very good. None of it was spicy, so if you're concerned about heat, no worries here. But if you need heat to be happy, the red lentils here won't bring it for you.Delicious. I had the spinach sambusa and the lamb. Luckily I split it with my friend because they give you a ton of super deliciousness. Bring friends be happyThe first time I tried this place I went solo and that just doesn't work with the huge portion of the flat bread serving "tray" they put all your food on.  If you've never had Ethiopian food it reminds me a bit of Indian but has some unique flavors.  They don't give you any silverware and you are expected to eat with your hands and use more rolled up flat bread pieces to pick up your food.  I always cheat and get the tea so I can use the spoon they give you to scoop stuff up onto my bread.  Very very filling so you probably want at least 4 people just to take care of the bread serving tray.  This isn't food I would (or even could) eat all the time as it fills you up so much but it certainly is nice for a change of pace.This is my all time hands down favorite restaurant to go with friends. The more people you bring the more diverse the family style eating is. Everything is amazing and I always have to be the last to order because I have 5 things I will gladly order! 
We always get the Sambusa. It comes in three kinds. We love the spinach. They also have beef and lentil. All are amazing. Only problem is they come out so hit, you have to wait a minute to eat them. (If you consider that a real problem.)
Today I ordered the Kitfo (rare beef with spices, also available medium.) I always get my rare. It seems to hold the flavor more personally. 
Husband got the Dora Wot. (Chicken in spices.) This was his first time getting the Dora, but we almost always have the lamb or beef wot on our shared plate. He loved it! 
We decided to meet for a mid day date on Sunday because of our busy schedules, and this is the perfect place. 
Senai was super awesome during our visit. He brought us a spice sauce once we mentioned we liked spice. He also showed us how to use the brown spice in the salt shaker on the table. (A little goes a long way, but it's amazing!) He was super friendly, prompt, and wore a hilarious shirt asking "got injera?" 
Perfect date spot, or good for a group. Just don't all order the same thing. Everything is served on a large family style platter, and you eat with your hands. So it allows everyone to taste a little bit of everything!If you have had the best of ethiopian food in DC or NY this isn't quite it but it is very close. I'm a huge fan of ethiopian and had to visit this place right after it opened. My friend and I were so desparate for African food that we waited for over half an hour food a table without complaint. Service was slow on our first visit, but we have been back many times and it has improved since then although its still not the best. This is a true mom and pop restaurant and if you go in expacting that you won't be disappointed. Fortunately, it was exactly what I was hoping for. The food was spicy and delicious. The vegetarian options are great as are all of the beef dishes I've tried. I've tried two lamb dishes, Yebeg Wat and Yebeg Alisha (?), and both were disappointing with small portions of lamb. Now I stick to the beef and veggie options with sambusas as appetizers. I reguarly crave this place if I don't go back for a while.This was my first time trying Ethiopian Food so I'm certainly not able to comment on how this restaurant compares to other Ethiopian Restaurants. I will say that I did very much enjoy the food. This restaurant is BYOB so it's really nice to be able to bring my own inexpensive bottle of wine. My waiter was extremely nice and very kind in walking me through different options. I sat outside, the restaurant seemed very clean however I will say that the table that I sat at had not been cleaned properly after the previous guest had sat there. At the recommendation of the waiter I ordered the Lamb Wot. The dish was very good, it was served with a side of greens which were also good. The bread is unlike any that I've ever had before it wasn't necessarily my thing, I believe this to be more personal preference rather than it not being prepared correctly. All in all I was very happy with my first Ethiopian Food experience and I would return.By far my favorite Ethiopian restaurant of all time.  The food here is beyond good, it's awesome.  It's a classic "mom & pop" business and the owner is on site all the time and I think that's why the quality and service is always at its best.  The pricing is also not that bad and it's open pretty late, 11pm seven days a week.  I encourage everyone to check it out.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.Cafe Abyssinia has a warm welcoming vibe and as the person walks towards the venue tou get this feeling of intimacy and anticipation that sets the tone for the entire visit.  There's inside and outside seating. The outside seating is uniformly covered, which is useful in case it starts to rain and the customers still get to enjoy eating outside without moving.  The inside has ample space and tables are divided with perfect space. As a vegan, I truly enjoyed this place. I ate the veggie combo for lunch and it was truly satisfying. Bursting with flavors, I was brought to so many places as I took a bite of each one of the veggie specialty on the plates. The bread was perfect for scooping up each bite that brought me to the connections of cultures in the Eastern hemisphere.  When you dig into each one of the veggie components, each offers unique flavors that all compliment each other when eaten together. The crunchies of the cabbage and collards go great with the earthyness of the legumes. I found myself trying different combinations of each component and each time it was like dancing to a new song. The veggies/legumes themselves were nice and light, but nutritiously fulfilling. The flavors were rich and had depth, like so many of the foods in grew up eating in the Caribbean. Next time I visit New Orleans I want to try their desserts. All in all, I loved this place, its vibe and the energy of its food. Simply amazing!My partner and I have been here a couple times. The food is alright, the service is off and on. Like someone asking in passing how your meal is doing after bringing you the completely wrong appetizer. This past thursday, we were one of two tables in the restaurant. And they got our order wrong, brought the wrong appetizer but we were so hungry by that point it didn't matter. And! This is an important and. Cockroachs. Not the first time seeing them there but we live in louisiana and thought...it happens. But the first time it was a big palmetto roach meandering across the floor. (Probably because the kitchen staff spends most of their time smoking on the patio than cooking decent food, thus leaving the front door open). This time, an inch long, aggressive little roach looking for food. And if you have the smaller roaches, you have an infestation. We will not be back and advise anyone looking to try Cafe Cockroaches not to. 
Also, they charged a 5 dollar "corking fee" for a bottle of wine we bought elsewhere and opened ourselves. I suggest Monas on frenchmen if you want some spice. This place is dirty and not delivering.This was my first time eating Ethopian food. We were a group of 6 and actually none of us had had it before so we decided to be adventurous. It being a typical hungover-NOLA-Sunday, we wanted mimomas and bloody mary's. Sadly no alcohol here but they did let us make a trip to get our own and bring it in.
We had the Sambusas as an appetizer and they are SPICY!! Everyone in our group was a Louisiana native and we were all fanning our mouths and drinking water. They were good though...we even ordered a 2nd round. 
The bread (injera) didn't really have a taste. It had a spongy texture and was kind of like eating air.
For our meal we shared a lamb, chicken, and veggie plate that everyone at the table picked off of using the bread. I had to cave and asked for a fork but by the end of the meal the rest of our group was eyeing that fork. The lamb and a potato dish were my two favorite things off of our plate.
I don't think I would return here but I don't think I will return to any other Ethopian restaurants, either. I'm glad I tried the cuisine but it's just not for me. My husband agreed with me, however the other 4 in our group really enjoyed it and said they would go back.One of my favoritos places to eat on Magazine. The food is so goood especially if you want to try something different! Come with a group because the dishes are good for sharing. Also options for vegetarians and pescatariansI got the vegetable combo plate, which included a sample of all their vegetarian dishes. All the items had the same note and were under-seasoned. The injera was too sour for my taste. And the carrot and cabbage dish was also sour tasting. The spinach sambusa appetizer was clearly not made in house: the flavor profile was quite different (actually well-seasoned and spicy), and the breading was soaked with oil.Absolutely amazing. We enjoyed the injera, gored gored, and doro wat. Read this, eat here.My goodness, this is some of the best Ethiopian I've had and the gentlemen who served us was incredibly kind. We had Lamb Tibs and Gomen, as well as extra Injera - it was heavenly and served on a beautiful communal plate. The coffee was perfect on a somewhat chilly day. Will make this a regular place!
Also, love the cat - Mit-Mite.You're not going here for the decor, which is that of someone a day away from moving out, but with a lot of dining tables left over. Nor are you here for the music, Muzak set to what must be Ethiopian Restaurant played through Logitech computer speakers on a counter. And finally, you're not here to be seen, the restaurant hidden from the street like an unwanted stepchild.
The food. That crazy mess served on a giant plate with the delicious rubbery-yet-soft spongebread and you eat it with your hands and you just know that Doro Wot (Doro Whuuuuuuuuuut?) is leaving a stain on your new shirt.
Why would you wear a new shirt? You are eating with your hands, silly.
Seriously, though, it's refreshing in the wave of turbo-hip restaurants with fresh coats of paint and built-in Smug, there is this little cave, unassuming, humble-as-sh*t, serving damn good Ethernopian food that you will always walk away from groaning, groaning in sweet overstuffed agony. 
And maybe you wonder.
Do they eat that well in Ethiopia?
THEM DETAILS: Patio, no booze (no BYOB fee), quiet ninja-like server, window unit AC set to Arctic Chill, very daring price structure, that sweet muzak, a pastry case that is always empty, get anything with Wot sauce, Alichi (?) Sauce kinda bland.I walked in here at 11am, feeling like taking an early morning risk with my bowels. The restaurant itself is pretty basic, with some special traditional seating that looks like a children's table at first glance. Very cool! 
The food was amazing. We got beef Derek and a chickpea Shiro. This was my first experience with Ethiopian food, and it hit the spot so hard that tears came to my eyes. We ordered the same thing for takeout the next day.
Fun fact: the Ethiopian crepe that is used to eat the food is generally gluten free.I did take out for my first experience here and it was ready in just 10 minutes!   The food was delicious and there was plenty left for dinner the next night.  Will absolutely be back there.Awesome food! Verrrry friendly service! A little slow if there's alot of people but the awesome food makes up for it!! Decent prices as wellThis is some of the best ethiopian food I've had, and is stellar over all. My friends had never tried ethiopian, and were very happy to have stopped in.
Food:
Two friends and I got a pot of tea to start, and three main dishes; chicken(doro tibs), lamb, and beef(awaze tibs). The tea was really great, definitely a must have. All three dishes were wonderful, although the awaze tibs was a little spicy for my friends. The portions of each main are great, but be warned, you also get lentils and cabbage, as well as some other curry, so three dishes was way too much for three people. Two dishes would have been plenty for the three of us, and we all have large appetites. The injera was perfect, exactly the right consistency and flavor. I asked before eating that they use only teff flour for the injera, I have celiac disease and can't have gluten, and I didn't have a reaction. I can't speak for everyone, but if you're not super sensitive, the injera here is Gluten-free!
Note: If you've never had ethiopian before, you might want to avoid wearing really nice stuff, because you eat the food by scooping it up with injera, similar to how authentic indian food is eaten as well.
Ambiance/Experience:
Some people have pegged this as negative, but just be prepared to relax and enjoy your meal time and it won't be a problem. This is New Orleans, not New York... We were there for lunch on a Sunday, and service was pretty slow but attentive, and seemed like it would always be that way. The place made me feel really great, option for traditional or western style seating was nice, my friends were kinda wishing we had sat at a traditional style table. It really brought me back to all the amazing food experiences I've had off the beaten path in my world travels. They really had it all, eclectic wall paintings, tv showing sports for no reason, and the window ac unit stuck in the wall. It's really hard to put into words the great feelings I got from this place, back in off the street, it seemed dead, but as soon as we opened the door it was bustling and lively inside. A real classic hole-in-the-wall ethnic restaurant.Nice Ethiopian feeling ambiance, great service by Ermias. The Enjera is wasnt authentic for me as a native Ethiopian but the food is really good. Traditional Jebena coffee is really good too. Better than the other Ethiopian restaurant here.I'm glad this place opened up, since there aren't any other Ethiopian restaurants in the city that I'm aware of. I lived in the DC area a while back, which has a bunch of Ethiopian restaurants, and I didn't think the food here was quite as delectable. But it was pretty good. My wife thought the vegetables were very good but the meat wasn't especially high quality, and I think she has a point.
The service was laughably bad. We were there on a Friday night in a group of four, and it took a long time every step of the way, including easy stuff like getting us menus after we were seated and giving us water. Appetizers and food came at the same time, and they never brought us tea, even though we ordered it twice.I don't mind paying more for good food, but Abyssinia was overpriced, service wasn't bad but slow and food was not up to my standards.  I've had better Ethiopian food.First time eating Ethiopian food and it was wonderful!  Had the vegetarian sample platter.  Loved the greens and the potatoes and carrots stew!  Service was excellent.  They made my husband and I feel welcome and helped us pick some tasty options from the menu. Oh yes the bread was nice too- a new experience!  Must try at least once!  I will definitely go back!Okay so this place has good food but they cheat you by giving you half of the regular portion. I think they are under new ownership or something since they were closed for a while. Seriously, I ordered lamb tibs and got beef. On top of that it was about 10 tibs on my plate....10!!! If you order veggie, they give you one table spoon of everything. This happened to me twice. Until they get this portion stuff together and stop ripping ppl off by being greedy I won't be going back. 
Fun fact...manager is never around.This Ethiopian restaurant is better than no Ethiopian restaurant, though I really wish a second one would open in this city. 
The service is indeed very, very slow. The waitress did ok, not great (even by NOLA standards) but the kitchen took forever. 
We started with a beet salad, which personally I found mediocre (though the lady liked it) and curiously light on beets. 
For dinner we ordered Lamb Tibs and Kitfo. Compared to other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, both were bland and somewhat dry. The portions were small by the crazy standard set by other Ethiopian restaurants, but two main dishes is just enough food to fill two people, so would not say I was disappointed.  I was disappointed, however, by only the two vegie sides that came with the meat (I would expect four). 
We got out of there for $25/person (no alcohol), about double what I pay for an equivalent, delicious meal in Seattle. I would have considered it a three star meal if the dishes were a little more flavorful and the veggies a little more varied. I will probably go here again, but only when flying to another city isn't an option.They need to take a knife to their prices and cut them in half.
When we were there, there wasn't any air conditioning.
Odd decor. Slow little waitress who was more interested in chatting with some guy than in serving. And like someone else said, you can hear the kitchen staff...and they have potty mouths. I heard the N-word about 5 times in the half hour we were there. Girly was not amused.  
This review is  6 months in coming. It was why I posted on chat about the bread. I loved the bread but HATED the experience of this place.
SO like I said in the Bennichen review...I'm Still waiting for a good African restaurant.Delicious finger-food, comfy setting, and excellent hospitality! Pro-tip: Order the sambusas!This was my first ever Ethiopian food experience and I am so glad it happened at Cafe Abyssinia! What an incredible meal. One of my friends and I ordered the vegetarian combo and my other friend ordered the chicken platter and it all came out together on a huge plate (on top of injera of course). The food was so amazing and flavorful that we couldn't bare to leave anything on the plate despite how full we were. Go here for incredible comfort food and friendly service!!OK there are two kinds of great ethnic food restaurants.  There's the flashy fusion high end kind.  And then there's the "authentic" kind which does pretty much what they would do if they were in their home country.  Both kinds of restaurants are good.  But you're getting a different product.  I just had to rant about this for a second because I've read a bunch of reviews here that complain about slow service and no decor.  
Cafe Abyssinia serves very good Ethiopian food for a very reasonable price.  (About $30 for two).  The veggie combo is awesome, and their lamb dishes are amazing. The Injera bread is perfect.  Two people will have plenty to eat with two entrees.
There's no flashy chef or fancy decor.  And service - yes it might be slow.  They always only have one waiter, whether its a busy night or not.  It's not ideal, but it reminds me of every good restaurant I've ever eaten at in the developing world.  Relax.  It's not fast food.  Bring your own wine and spend some time with your sweetie instead of fussing over inconsequential details.Cafe Abyssinia delivers delicious Ethiopian cuisine in a way that is inviting to all.
Short:
Atmosphere - 7/10
Service - 10/10
Food - 10/10
Price - 10/10
Overall: 9.25
Long:
Tucked away in a little alley off Magazine street is Cafe Abyssinia. The restaurant, which offers both indoor and outdoor seating, feels cozy and welcoming the moment you walk in. 
After being seated almost instantly, the server gave my date and I what felt like special attention to help select our entrees. This attention, however, was no anomaly​, as I observed our server treat each guest with the same care. ​
Our server was passionate about the food and culture that he was participating in, and with good reason. ​My date and I shared two entrees, the Doro Wot and Fish Dulet. Both dishes were fantastic in their own respects, but the Doro Wot blew me away. Everything on the table was seasoned beautifully.
The best part of the meal for me, however, was the way in which you eat the food. A basket of Injera, a traditional Ethiopian bread, accompanies each dish. Using the bread in place of other utensils, guests pick the food up from a family-style​ platter. 
If I had to have any qualms with the restaurant, it would be the atmosphere. A television positioned in the back detracted from the experience a bit and the restaurants poor lighting did not mesh well with the lively, and engaging experience demonstrated through food and service.
This entire experience has the bonus​ of a remarkably reasonable price point, with the average entree's price being around $14. 
Loved this place and couldn't recommend it more.gentrified nonsense, a bunch of....you know .... people feeling all hipster because they're eating "international" food. the injera is even sweet... wtf?
where can i get real east african food in this city? not food gentrified for....... let's just say basic ass palates?I saw the reviews on yelp, and thought to try this place. I'm not from NOLA, and wanted to try the Ethiopian food here. As an Ethiopian myself, I want to let all know this is not good Ethiopian food. The injera, the wot, nor the veggie dishes are good. If you're looking for good Ethiopian food, thus place ain't itNew to the area and wanted to try something that was different from the usual New Orleans dishes we had been been trying.  I must admit that I have never had Ethiopian food before, the flavor was good although not as spicy as I had hoped.  We knew what we wanted immediately from reading reviews and the menu on here so we ordered as soon as we sat down and also asked for water.  It took 15 minutes to get our water.  My girlfriend and I ordered the Awaze Tibs to split.  It took 45 minutes for our food to come out. When it finally arrived it was ice cold, all of it, the meat, the Ethiopian wrap, they weren't even lukewarm.  My girlfriend and I used the wrap and took our first bites, her eyes widened with horror. The meat was as tough as nails! Little rocks of hard chewy beef that was cold. She had one more bite and couldn't eat anymore.  I'll pretty much eat anything so I finished the meal for us the whole while hoping I'd find one piece of warm and tender beef but I did not find either.  Flavor wise I think that I like Ethiopian food and their use of spices. I also enjoyed the eating with your hands aspect so I will try Ethiopian food again but I will not be going to this restaurant again, I will try a different place.The word of the say is "Sambusa!"
============================================
There is an (Ethiopian) poem by Mengistu Lemma that states,
First my mouth blessed that tulla beer of Gojjam,
then a bowl arrived, and my empty stomach began to fill
as I licked the linseed oil of Gondar from my fingers;
next, chicken stew rich with curds. Contented,
I yawned. Sleep overcame me as I lay down
on fine cotton and was covered with wool....
============================================
My date loves Ethiopian food.  I am honestly not sure if my palate is best suited for it, but I am also up for a new experience.  Abyssinia is about two blocks past magazine and ninth, past an ice cream/snow coin business, and up the drive way.  They have indoor and outdoor seating available.  The tables were all clean and set and the t.v. inside was at a low enough volume so as to not disturb patrons conversations.  However given that is was a prime hour, 6 pm, there was only one other couple.  The waiting staff was very kind, engaging, and helpful with menu choices.  
I had hoped for wine, but I did not know it was byob.  Even though I did not go, they immediately told me of the wine cellar across the street...and the $5 corking fee.  ;)  They have soda and juices on site.
My date ordered the veggie combo and I ordered the beef and onion Sambusa.  ( my new word for the day.  The veggie plate was good and contained four parts: potatoes, greens, and two lentil types. The accompanying Injera was also well aligned.  Her food was good, not exceeding expectations--but good.  
My Sambusa was flavored well.  The bread, beef, onion trio was tasty.  It was however extremely over oiled.  Take the praise and info for your use.  I will try again in about a month or so and then update my review.Tl:dr Mediocre food with lacking service. Second worst restaurant I've been to in New Orleans.
We went here on Sunday as a group of six, first time ordering Ethiopian food. They were severely understaffed. I ordered the veggie combo, it was an okay dish, nothing special. They forgot my friends order so by the time we were half way done our meal he had to cancel his. They did give him a complimentary tea though.
We asked to split our checks after waiting for the bill. Server left and came back 30 mins later giving us one bill and saying he could separate it at the register. (What did we wait for 30mins for?)
Paying was a pain because he had to then ask what each person ordered. Plus as the only employee he had to keep answering the phone and running and getting things. Took another 10 minutes to pay our bills.
Honestly the food was mediocre, service was abysmal. We were the first group that came in before it got busier and everything took forever. Another table had to approach the waiter for a refill. Just plain bad service or management, not sure which.We loved this place, had the vegetarian platter. The service was friendly and excellent, the food was delicious - comparable to Ethiopian we've eaten in D.C. and other large metro areas. Very reasonably priced especially for the large portions. Get some!Loyal customers burnt for the LAST time!
Ok, we've brought this place business because they are local, new, and a start up.  Support the little guy right?  Well tonight was unacceptable.  We showed up and the host told us to wait outside.  No prob, we sat and waited... Until another party cane and got a seat instantly! WTF right? Well, we're OK with that, and we continue to wait but remind them that we just got table skipped!  20 min later we go back in (no one came out) only to find out that they're "really sorry we got skipped, and oh yea, there is no more bread... Did I mention this is Ethiopian food!  
ROFLMAOUnfortunately not as flavorful as other Ethiopian food I've had. No prob with service or wait. I like the idea of Byob. The hot tea was excellent.Love this place! Be prepared to eat with your fingers though. Loved the lentils and anything with tig in the name! If you are looking for a food adventure this is the place!The food here is great.  Sat outside on the porch, very relaxing, feels like you're at someone's house.  No corkage fee for a bottle of wine.  Veggie combo and lamb tibs were delicious.  The real stand out was the gored gored, a raw beef dish with ethiopian butter.This is a very cute place little off the street but easy to find. Food and service great.I'm a big fan of Ethiopian food, but this was just ok.  We had the veggie combo plus doro tibs.  The doro tibs was phenomenal, but everything else was mediocre - not bad, but I've had much better elsewhere.  The main dining area is pretty consistent with most Ethiopian restaurants I've been to around the country, kind of hole-in-the-wall, but they have a bunch of mesobs with stools, which is nice.  However, as another reviewer mentioned, their bathroom is truly gross: smelly, dirty, and filled with bugs.  You really want to wash your hands before an Ethiopian meal, but I didn't feel too clean after being in there!  I don't regret my meal here, but I won't make any special effort to come back.A very cozy welcoming restaurant with awesome food. The plates have a lot of food so come hungry!Had an awesome dinner! The food was authentic, and really well seasoned. I had the lamb wot and it was really good! I like to checkout Ethiopian restaurants wherever I go so I was happy to have found this place while I was in town.Great food and service. Good value for the money. Liked the casual outdoor seating. Try the tilapia.Great service and food! We had a vegetarian amongst us, and our server managed to put together a large sharing platter that had plenty for everyone. Amazing variety of textures and tastes. Every dish was incredible, and I think the collards won the day. Definitely open and worth a visit!i was finally able to check this place out.  yay for new orleans' first ethiopian restaurant!  it's a quaint little establishment on magazine near louisiana, and you'd miss it if you weren't looking for it (or had a rad gps like i do!)  it appears it is in an old converted house and feels a lot like the common room of one of those crazy zealot churches (where's my kool aid?) or a less cozy and warm country grandma's digs (due to the fluorescent lights - which i *hate* - and large screen tv.)  so, the four stars is solely for the dining atmosphere and not the food.
and the food - it was terrific!  if you've read any of my yelp reviews, i'm the resident gluten-intolerant reviewer and have had varying experiences while dining out.  i told the (overworked but uber sweet) waitress that i was gluten-free, and she recommended dishes and was SUPER accommodating.  (i didn't get any of the usual stink eye.)  she said that the injera was probably not safe; many ethiopian restaurants only use teff, which is entirely gluten-free, but some will add a bit of wheat flour for texture.  this place may do just that...who knows.  but i wasn't disappointed at all because my meal was filling and delicious sans injera.  
i had a chicken and spinach dish which was comprised of lean chunks of chicken breast, fresh (or frozen) cooked spinach, and an onion sauce which had a ton of flavor.  the entrees come with a vegetable side so the waitress recommended cooked potatoes and carrots.  this side was a little sweet but not overwhelmingly so and complemented the chicken.  i also had the ethiopian hot tea which was very similar to masala chai.  it came in a small cup and was a nice start to the meal.  total cost was around 16 usd (13 usd for the entree and about 3 for the tea).  
vegetarian dishes are available for those who abstain from meat.  chicken, beef, and lamb entrees too.  no liquor license, but it's byob.  street parking.
nota bene: GO EARLY. this place - i'm sure because of it's newness and deliciousness - gets PACKED.  i don't know if they take reservations, but i did hear the waitress tell a small group that she'd take their number and call when a table became available.  talk about going out of your way to provide good service!This was our first try at Ethiopian cuisine and it was a hit.  We had a spinach appetizer which was reminiscent of a won ton and we shared the vegetarian sampler.  We scooped up the various dishes with a spongy, moist, crepe-like rolled bread that we tore pieces from and had a really good time eating in a new way. Bring your own wine or beer and come into the cafe expecting interesting food, bread that no American can truly create a visual image for her readers, and, unfortunately, a bit of a disappointing environment.  I hope they will redecorate as the success they are sure to continue having affords them the cash flow to do so.Fair disclaimer: I am a HUGE fan of Ethiopian food and it was the only major element of cuisine missing from this wonderful foodie city when I moved here almost 2 years ago.    When they opened I was deliriously happy.
Food quality:  Pretty good.  A bit different from the Ethiopian I am used to in Vancouver BC and San Francisco.  Not as flavorful or spicy.  Still totally addictive and a regular craving.
Price: More expensive than other Ethiopian places I'm used to, but again, don't care.  Would climb over own grandma for this food, so paying an extra $5 is fine.
Service: Slooooooooow.  Pleasant, nice and polite, but I have never got in and out of there in under an hour, usually more like 1.5 hours which is too much.
Solution: I call in an order to pick up now.  Even though I have to drive across town to get it, I crave it so bad, I just call it in, grab it and eat it at home.  It's faster.
Bottom line: My life had a hole in it before this place opened up.  It could still be better, but I don't care.  Please stay open!  I'm going to pick up lunch right now.Just incredible. Went there for a date with the girlfriend. The two plates we ordered, the veggie plate and the lamb tibs, were phenomenal. The portions were large and I made a second meal out of it the next day. The waiter was a bit quiet and to the point but friendly. I have nothing else to say. The food was awesome and I can't wait to go back.We got to visit this new family-run (son and mother cooked; father was host and waiter) gem on Magazine Street for Thanksgiving dinner and was glad to see others in there on what might be a slow night for a  restaurant not serving the traditional fare. The beef sambussa was crispy and hot, and had a great flavor. Wanting to try different areas of the menu, we ordered the awaze (beef) tibs and the vegetarian platter. The beef had a great flavor to it: spiciness that didn't hit you until 30 seconds later. The vegetarian items were also good. Spouse and I fought over the last of the lentils. And the injera was perfect: sour and spongy. To accompany the food, we had the Ethiopian tea, which was fragrant and spicy. 
After being without an Ethiopian option since leaving D.C., I'm really looking forward to visiting again.This place was recommended to me by a friend and I have never been more satisfied. I don't have anything to compare to, but the staff was great at explaining what everything was and what they recommended trying. We got the lamb and chicken dibs and it was amazing. If you've never had this kind of food, I highly recommend trying it.AMAZING!!!!!! This was the first time we tried Ethiopian food and I will definitely try a resteraunt like this in our area.  We had some veggie roles and chicken stew.  The injera is delicious.... Very impressed!!! The place is set off the road and doesn't look like it's going to have awesome food, but it does!  The staff were super friendly and overall this is a must go if your in the area.Went with an Ethiopian based on his recommendation so at least I had it on good faith that the food is authentic. Wasn't impressed by the lamb (too grisly) or the chicken-leg-with-egg (not enough food) but I really enjoyed the vegetarian combo - a little bit of everything and very flavorful. I would say, stick with the vegetarian entrees.
Service is very slow - only one guy working the entire place. Be prepared for a long meal. Prices on the high side.This is not just good Ethiopian food for New Orleans, it's great Ethiopian food period. I have loved this cuisine for decades and dined in DC and NYC, my dining companion had been to Ethiopia so we have a basis of comparison. This food is delicious. While I'm a carnivore I would happily order just the veggie platter in the future. Everything was wonderfully seasoned with a variety of tastes and textures.  And the servings were generous, two entries shared were more than we could eat and the price was modest. The service was sweet and helpful.We love this place.  Traveled 3 hours and had a great dinner.   This is the way we should eat everyday.   Wait staff was friendly.  The injera was great and the food was seasoned appropriately for the family.Food was delish!  And service was great.  The place is isolated and secluded but very comfortable.  I highly recommend it.The food is good (my buddy and I split the veggie combo and the lamb tibs), the ambiance is fine, and the service is great. Great location with fairly easy parking. I wish they served Ethiopian beer as I've had some at other Ethiopian restaurants and remember it being good. Great option for vegetarians.
I give them five stars because it's an Ethiopian restaurant in a city that has way too many Italian, Vietnamese, southern/creole, seafood, burger, chicken wing/fried chicken, and pizza offerings. Can we get a decent Indian restaurant please?!? Any restaurant that adds a little variety to the local scene deserves to be bumped up a notch.Only go to this cafe if you are take Uber, Lfyt or ride a  bike or take the bus. If not  be prepared to have a hard time finding parking. The restaurants location is hidden behind a snowball stand and has LIMITED parking. As a local and vegan, I have come across this restaurant alot and always wanted to try it. So I decided to make visit it. When I walked in I was not greeted by anyone not a single person because No staff was inside the restaurant at 5pm. I said "Hello" loudly and rung their little bell. I looked over their menu with limited vegan/vegetarian option and costly prices of $11 a plate. The prices are not too bad if you are dining by yourself or with one friend but if you plan on going with your family it can get costly very quickly.  I waited for almost a full ten minutes. Another customer walked in with her family and thought I was a staffer there! I decided to leave after that. I would not recommend this restaurant.Went here on our trip to New Orleans. We were super hungry after the Garden District tour and found this place through Yelp. It's a small restaurant with no frills. We were seated right away.
Our server was attentive and quick. The food came out pretty quickly too.We ordered the Veg Sambusa and 2 Veg platters. Every single item was really delicious! I don't think I can pinpoint a single dish which lacked flavor. I have tried Ethiopian food many times before so this was authentic. Plus they give you unlimited injeras. I love spicy food so we asked for the berbere sauce as well and that was REALLY spicy (as expected). 
 We also wanted to try the baklava but we were full! Overall I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good food.If you still think mac 'n' cheese is comfort food, you haven't been to Cafe Abyssinia. 
We used to go about once a month. The food is really super. I recommend ordering the veggie sampler and one of the meat dishes and going to town on that feast. Our faves are the Doro Wot and Fish Gulash. Lamb and raw ground beef have an off-putting texture to me but that's just my personal taste - definitely try them if you're looking for something out of the ordinary for dinner.
I've had Ethiopian food at a couple of other joints in the U.S. and Europe, and I like Cafe Abyssinia's injeera the best of any of them.
Minus one star because sometimes some of the veggies come out at room temperature, and for adding a corkage fee without giving a heads up anywhere. Plus half a star because they finally got around to painting over the ethnic slur in their bathroom.First, get ready to use your hands! I came here with my family, and we got all our food on a big platter. Once he set our food down, it was off to the races. I've never had Ethiopian food before, but I know good food when I taste it. This was amazing! I highly recommend this place to everyone!! We got the Lamb Tibs, Derek Tibs (beef), Fish Gulash (it was Tilapia), and Doro Wot (chicken). My favorite was the Fish Gulash -- I thought it had an excellent lemon flavor!! The Doro Wot was really good too. The food is a little spicy so prepare yourselves for that. If you want an extra kick (which I recommend haha), ask for the spicy powder. Total was about $63 (excluding tip) for 4 of us. It is slightly pricy, but I think it was definitely worth it. For those who care about setting, it isn't that great of a setting, but the quality of the food definitely makes up for it!I love coming here to eat, but they no longer serve food on top of injera like they used to. I remember the red lentils being amazing when I first started going, but lately they have just been ok. Nevertheless, I will continue recommending this place to friends, because while it used to be better it is still pretty good. Some dishes are a little spicer, so be aware.It's been awhile since I've reviewed, but I think this is worth it. I'll keep it short and sweet.
My friend and I ate there last night and were weary at how disgusting the bathroom was. I mean, it was gross. Dirty, smelled bad, looked like they've never washed the door knob/door, toilet brush strewn across the floor, paper towels and toilet paper everywhere. Anyway... we both got food poisoning last night. For my friend to get it says a lot; she has a stomach made of iron and hasn't had an upset in YEARS. Anyway, we both woke up last night/this morning with... well, I will spare you the details. This is the only thing we had together so it was undeniably due to the restaurant.
The food and service were mediocre anyway (I have definitely had better Ethiopian), so give yourself a favor and skip it.Pretty good for what it is - no atmosphere, no utensils.  The food itself was tasty although my lamb dish had some bone/gristle in it.  You will need more spongebread than what they give you.  It was good - will return when I'm in the mood to eat that type of food.I tried the most recommended XXX chicken for entree. Also taste the second appetizer on the menu.
All food go with wrap.
I just cannot appreciate the taste, but if you want to experience the ethiopian style, you can try it out.  For me, I didn't listen to my friend's review and insist to try, and oops, ended up as feel "No wonder they don't recommend"...Eating Vegetarian in New Orleans requires planning ahead & as we researched possible veggie options before our latest getaway, Cafe Abyssinia was a must
We arrived around 8pm & were practically the only ones there but by the time we left, the place was hopping
Started w/ the Sambusa - spicy mix of cabbage & carrots in a Samosa-like pastry shell. It was outstanding!
Dinner consisted of the Veggie Combo - just the 1 & we split it - glad we read the Yelp review ahead of time about this dish being enough for 2 people b/c it was huge......& delish!
Mild Yellow & spicy red lentils, collard greens w garlic & onion, cabbage & carrots, & potatoes & carrots.....loved how the milder veggies paired perfectly w the spicy & the injera bread was the perfect vehicle with which to eat it
Very laid back & nice neighborhoody kind of feel - this will def make our list of repeats for our next trip!One of the downsides of enjoying Ethiopian food is that you usually have to wait a long time to be served. In this case, that is simply not so. The staff here are amazing and attentive, and while the food is definitely fresh, it is ready in a very reasonable amount of time. The portions are also large, and the taste is wonderful. Prices are significant, and there aren't a vast number of choices to make...but you don't really need a large selection to get a great value and a tremendous meal. We're still dining on the leftovers, which are every bit as tasty as when the plate was brought to us at the restaurant!
New Orleans is known for its food. Here's another reason why that should continue to be so.This is great Ethiopian food! I really liked my lamb tips, but I also loved the lentil and the chicken dishes. All our dishes came out on one platter, which helped us share and taste all the dishes. Friendly service too!This place is wonderful. We ordered a dish that was recommended by our friendly waiter and absolutely loved it -- the flavors were bold and comforting. Will definitely become a regular here!The food here is incredible, got the med rare kitfo and a lamb dish..the injera bread...omg couldn't have had a better birthday meal for my husband!First time here. It was really good! Got the lamb tibs and the veggie special. Different style of food but very good!This is good ethiopian food, but not great. Unfortunately, there are only two ethiopian restaurants in New Orleans (and as far as I know, in all of Louisiana), and at the time I  visited Cafe Abyssinia, Nile didn't exist, so this was the only one.
My friend and I split a plate, my half was veggie and it was decent, but I have had way better in other states/countries. The other half had some lamb and some beef, which my friend really enjoyed.
It was good enough. The service was great!A quaint out of the way restaurant on magazine friendly helpful staff and the food
 was good to boot.Food and service were fantastic! We got the veggie plate (delicious) and both a chicken and beef dish recommended by the waiter.  I can't believe I waited so long to try it and will definitely be back!I like Ethiopian and this place seems pretty good.  I haven't tried the other Ethiopian restaurants in New Orleans for comparison to say how this ones ranks though.  I've only tried the veggie platter, but always enjoy it.This place has by far and away the best coffee in the city. I have tried just about every coffee shop from the small roasters like Hey! Cafe, Sacred Grinds, Mojo, French Truck, Hi-Volt, Cherry, Who Dat, and you name it, which I like many of those places, but seriously nothing compares to Cafe Abyssinia. The owner of the restaurant is from Ethiopia, he orders only Ethiopian green coffee beans and he roasts the coffee in the kitchen when you order it, then runs it through a traditional Ethiopian clay pot (not sure what its called) several times to get it concentrated, and the taste is unbelievable. I have been roasting my own coffee for years now and I am generally hesitant about going to big coffee shops because I can usually do a better job, but Cafe Abyssinia has me and every other coffee guru out there beat. I highly recommend going here for the food (Lamb Tips are my favorite) but do yourself a favor next time and also try the coffee!
If you are used to drinking starbucks or CC's or PJ's then you probably know that the coffee is roasted months before you drink it, do yourself a favor and try what coffee is supposed to taste like at Cafe Abyssinia, after-all Ethiopia is one of the birthplaces of coffee so they know how to do it best!
It takes some time to roast and brew the coffee so order in advance (maybe like 15 mins or so)I pass this restaurant on almost a daily basis and tried it for the first time tonight.  It was delicious.  I'm not familiar with Ethiopian food so I wasn't sure what to order but the waiter was very helpful and made some good suggestions. We had the Awaze tibs and the Lamb Alicha with a side of red lentils.  It's served family style so everyone could share. They don't give you utensils unless you ask.  The entree is served with an airy flat bread and this is what you use to pick up a bite of food.  However you choose to get it in your mouth, just get it there because it's delicious.  The restaurant sits in what looks like a house set off of Magazine St.  I choose restaurants based on food and atmosphere.  Although the atmosphere is pretty minimal the food is worth a visit.  Also, there's no alcohol served here so BYOB.Really amazing flavors and authentic... the injera was fluffy and fresh. The staff was kind, relaxed and friendly.  I'd go back again in a heartbeat.After reading the positive reviews here I had high hopes for this place. I just thought maybe WE had a bad experience, but now reading these other bad reviews I totally agree with them. We went 6/30/2013 for our first & only visit. I was excited to find a couple Ethiopian restaurants in New Orleans while we were visiting. I had been craving some since moving away from Seattle. We decided to try this place since the other one was closed due to a fire. My partner is not a fan of Ethiopian food, but he agreed to give it a try it for me. Unfortunately, it was not a good experience. There were flies everywhere in the place. We had to keep swatting at them to keep them off us & our food. The restroom was very nasty too. One of the dishes in Seattle my partner liked was Gomen Besiga, cooked beef & collard greens. I thought it sounded like their dish Kitfo Begomen, didn't realize it was raw beef, we thought the red was tomatoes until taking a bite & realizing, no raw beef. Between that, the flies, the nasty bathroom which were things we could see, we shuddered to think what it was like in the kitchen where we couldn't see. The Yebeg Tibs (spicy) Lamb was good. The service was ok. So we will be trying the other place next time we're in New Orleans since they have now reopened.We called ahead to see if the injara was truly made of teff and therefore gluten free, and we were assured that it was. the food was good but I am
wildly sick now. Please don't assure people you can deal with their food restrictions of you cannot.I am so glad that this restaurant is open.  The injera, a fermented spongy bread that is the hallmark of Ethiopian cuisine, has all the sourdough zing that I want and everything else here is intensely flavorful as well.  All the entrees for the table are served together on a large injera covered tray.  Sadly I am not an expert on Ethiopian dining, but I am given to understand that this is a traditional presentation.  Whenever I encounter this type of serving, the idea of individual portions and separate plates seems very sad and antisocial.  The food is excellent, but be prepared for service to be on the slow side if the place gets full as it is apt to do.This place is friggin' delicious. 
Now I've only had Ethiopian food a few times before - I've never eaten at Bennachin because everybody I know who's eaten there hated it - so it's a familiar but refreshing addition to the many cuisines found in New Orleans. 
The space is owned by a small family - the days I've eaten here I've only seen three people - the parents and their son (I believe) - the dad is a sweet old guy who brings out all the food while the mom cooks in the back and the son helps out as well. The restaurant is located in a back of a house (to be honest it looks sketchy) - the place only has seven tables but it can only handle so many people since there is only one cook. 
The pros - 
Food - I literally have tried almost everything. Sliced Beef, Chicken or Lamb, grilled or sauteed in sauce - lots of options and you eat with your hands with this type of spongy bread (I'm not even going to pretend that I know what or how to spell it). My favorites are the Kay Wot, Yesiga Alicha - (sliced beef and ground beef in these spicy and flavorful sauces) - Doro be-Spinach - sliced chicken breasts with spinach and onion sauce. The vegetarian options with the cabbage and carrots were delicious as well. 
Ethiopian Tea - very flavorful tea - I found that it kinda gave my mouth a slight numb feeling (I have no idea what's in it) but it's pretty delicious. 
Prices - low end. all of the beef, chicken, and lamb dishes are priced at 12.99 as I write this. Veggie options are at 10.50. They have these appetizers that are similar to meat/veggie pies at 5 dollars for three. Portions are shareable between two but if you're hungry I would order more. 
Cons - 
Service wise - they tend to forget a lot of the little stuff - no spoons with the tea, forget the drinks, messed up my orders a few times. Since it's pretty much brand new and still a mom and pop joint you can't help but shrug, but here's hoping they can hire a waiter to help the place run better. They also seem to not have a lot of silverware to eat with (I get you are supposed to mainly eat with your hands) - when I asked for forks they didn't have enough (and with some of the entrees with the meats bone-in and soaked in sauce, picking it up with your hands or the bread gets pretty messy. 
A Warning is that if the place is busy - be prepared to wait - understandably because there is only one cook. So if you're on your lunch break and you have to get back to work - if there's a lot of people it's probably best if you choose somewhere else. I waited about an hour and a half last time I ate here because every table was taken. 
The only entree I did not like was the Yebeg Alicha - these bone-in lamb chunks that are marinated in this weird green curry and jalapeno sauce. it wasn't very friendly to eat and the sauce was weirdly sweet and sour not to mention there was too many chunks of bone floating in the sauce.  
So enjoy this place before word gets out and they expand or get too busy. The food is amazing and cheap. Can't complain.Best Ethiopian food in NOLA. Chef is the real deal, nice folks, patio, BYOB, can't fail with the doro tips and veggie combo. Just don't expect to be hungry for a week after - it's a lot of delicious food and you can't stop eating (at least I can't).Our family loves Ethiopian cuisne and have delighted in great restaurants in Chicago and in Madison, Wi., where we currently live. We felt fortunate to come upon Cafe Abyssinia as we were strolling down Magazine Street just before a major downpour.  So, the place was like a refuge.
Now, we are vegetarians, and their entree was very nourishing with delicately blended flavor and seasoning that did not require large quanities to be satisfying.   My 11 and 17 year old loved the videos as well.  
When it came time to depart in our Uber ride, the lady who had been serving us most kindly escorted us out to our ride with umbrellas in hand to protect us from being drenched. My only regret is that I did not tip her more!Before Cafe Abyssinia, I've never had Ethiopian food before, so it's hard for me to compare.
I wasn't really sure what to expect, it was recommended to a friend who was looking for something authentic, unique, and spicy while we were visiting NOLA.
Don't be deceived by the outside. It's hard to find and looks like an old house. It's tucked away...
Nothing super fancy, there was only one girl working but we were seated immediately.
We ordered sambusas and split an order of Doro ribs amongst three people. We got an extra order of sambusas- they were that GOOD!! That was the perfect amount of food.
Our bill was super cheap (cheaper than brunch at ruby slipper we had that morning) and the girl there was very nice.
Again, if you are open minded, try this place!!Amazing. Great food and service. Bring your own wine and have a wonderful meal!As compared to my previous experiences with Ethiopian food in DC, Toronto and New York, this tastes just as good, with one exception: it's super, super salty. I sampled all of the vegetarian options here and, with the exception of the yellow peas, the salt levels got in the way of enjoying the meal after a while. If you like very salty foods, give it a shot and maybe it won't bother you, though I generally like more salt than most and it was annoying for me. The service was great--there was one guy taking care of everyone and he was helpful and quick (it's a fairly small place). It's also very thoughtful of them to put hand sanitizer on each table. It's a small thing but it comes in handy when you're eating with your hands :)While walking down Magazine St. one saturday I started to smell something delicious and could not tell where it was coming from. Finally I came across a sign that said Cafe Abyssinia and since one of my favorite reggae bands is The Abyssinians I had to check it out. Never had Ethiopian food before but for a first time experience I really enjoyed it.  We ordered the vegetarian combo on the injera and it was very tasty. Some of the items were spicy and others had spices I had never encountered before so I was loving it. For dessert I ordered a cup of coffee which was absolutely amazing. No cream or sugar needed. The food was fresh and the coffee was excellent and after I left the place I felt great and not sluggish at all.Delicious food, and a fantastic experience overall. Plenty of vegetarian options. the injera (soft flat steam bread) that is served as a vehicle to eat the entrees with is delightful. my favorite was the spicy lentil dish. 
It can be slightly pricy, but if you do it right you can pay about $15 per person, and it's BYOB so make sure to bring some wine!Having never had Ethiopian cuisine before I was decidedly delighted by Café Abyssinia's menu!  I started with the Spinach Sambussa which is a lot like a flavorful and spicy spanakopita.  The crust was crispy and after plowing through them I had a nice glow from the spice.
My friends both ordered a combo of Yesmir Wot (spicy red lentils) Kik Alicha (split peas with garlic, ginger, and onion),  Tikel Goman (cabbage and carrots in a mild sauce), and Dinich Alicha (potato and carrots in a curry sauce).  I had a heaping helping of the red lentils.
I loved the lentils best and their spice left me feeling energized and wonderfully sated but everything my friends ordered was just great!
The Ethipian coffee was only lukewarm and I suspect a microwave was involved in its preparation so that was the only low point taste-wise.
The service was good but very slow so I would avoid going at a busy time.  Also, a man I presume to be the owner or a manager sat on his butt staring off in space and watching the waitress running like crazy.  So boo to you Mr. Manager.
We spent $70 for 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and coffee and I brought a nice box home to my sweetie.  Very food value.
We'll definitely be back and I plan to try the lamb!I tried the Doro Wot, potatoes and carrots, red lentils, and the kitfo. They were all wonderful. At first I was unsure how much fun would I have eating with my hands, with a new born. Then once I dug in I couldn't stop. It also was a bit much to pay $2.00 for a can of soda with no free refills. Next tine I'll go for the hot tea and maybe even sit on their traditional floor seats. The cleanliness was about. 4 out of 5.Love the veggie combo.  Just moved to SF and am eager to find a combo as yummy as  Cafe Abyssinia :)A bit pricey, but the best Ehiopian in New Orleans!  The red lentils were great!First time ever trying Ethiopian food and it was AMAAAAAZING! The server (Senai!!! I hope I am spelling it correctly...) was very knowledgeable about all the food and was able to recommend few stuff, which I ended up loving all. 
We were planning on ordering 2 dishes for 2 of us but the waiter recommended that one dish and an appetizer should be enough for both of us and I'm glad we did so - food was just right amount for us. We had sambusa and chicken dish that is supposedly the national dish of Ethiopia. 
It was BYOB and I cannot wait to go back. Highly recommended!!!I've never had etheopian food before but this was delicious. The meals are perfect for sharing and the place has a real quant atmosphere. It felt like a great little secret although seems like a lot of people have found it :-) You'd never know on a weekday at 5 though.My second trip was a dinner trip.  The menu is the same in any case.  The food is wonderful.  The portions are large for one person.  Most people I saw shared a plate.  
On my first trip, I had the lamb which was tender and tasty.  Tonight I had the vegetable plate and a appetizer.  Both were wonderful and I was stuffed.  
You can smell the spices as you approach the restaurant on food.  Wonderful!  Take a friend.Yum!  Huge portions, super delicious...and BYOB!Was really really great. I was skeptical because I had never had Ethiopian food before, but I will definitely go back. Fun, chill vibe. Great service and the food came out fast.
We went as a group of 6, so we shared a bunch of things - 2 vegetarian platters, Doro wat lamb, chicken, beef - everything was great, but the vegetarian was surprisingly the most popular. I think that was simply because it had the most variety because each vegetarian platter had several small parts to it. Of course, we each had to try them all!Unassuming and amazing. Go with a completely empty but patient stomach, because it takes awhile for the meal to be served but it so worth the wait. The samoas are a good appetizer and the vegetarian platter is perfect to share and still have lots left. Great for those who don't eat meat. 
The ceiling is low and the curtains are usually drawn but the door is almost always left open which gives the space (which is small--maybe ten tables at most) a low-key and welcoming feel, maybe a little claustrophobic for diners that are prone to that but I'm not so I can't say. 
Overall the mood and space is super relaxed and the cuisine is honest. A really chill spot to share a really delicious meal.The atmosphere, experience, and food were all delicious. Granted, there's little to compare it to, but excellent nonetheless. Get the Sambusa for an appetizer. Go ahead and order 2. Great value and friendly service.I have only ever had Ethiopian food in Washington DC back in February, but I ADORED it. When my friend suggested that we try out Cafe Abyssinia, I was more than excited to add more to my Ethiopian cuisine experience! We arrived at 7pm on a Saturday night and the place was packed with a line you would expect to see at an established restaurant, which boded well considering when you have that many people voting for an eatery, especially in a town like New Orleans where people have high standards and a myriad of choices for their food. We got the Vegetarian Combo - a sampling of all the vegetarian dishes served on the pancake-like bread plate, as well as the curried lamb and the Ethiopian tea. The meal was a feast, and each dish was so delicious that we could not decide which was our favorite! I can not wait to go back! It was truly great food and for a great price!Love the food but the menu changed. More expensive and way less food. They got real stingy with the bread and we got a little attitude when we asked for more. I'm done eating here.First time in New Orleans. First time eating at an Ethiopian place. Best place my wife and I have eaten since being here!There is not one but two Ethiopian restaurants in New Orleans, and in close vicinity of each other? Well, taking into account this competition between the neighbors, at least one of them couldn't go wrong!
Having previously eaten Ethiopian two times - one in NY and one in NC -  I was used to small portions of the dishes neatly laid out on the injera bread. By a portion, I mean probably an ice cream scoopful. But the waitress assured us that three orders would be sufficient to feed hungry four. Still skeptical, the four of us ordered a vegetable combo, beet salad and two meat dishes. 
She was right! The portions were more than enough, quite generous by my previous standard! The Injera bread is very very filling (although this time I didn't feel bloated as I had before). Oh, and in addition to your orders, there is a side of goat cheese and pickled beets also served. How they complement Ethiopian food, I don't quite know but hey, who ever complains about freebies?
The quality of the food is comparable to other restaurants, perhaps less spicy to my liking but I wasn't washing down my tongue with water after every bite. The vegetable combos were quite good as well, though a little bland in comparison to the lamb and the beef dish we ordered. So be sure to order something spicy to round out the flavors!
Also, BYOB.
Lastly, I found the decor utterly disappointing for an ethnic restaurant. To wow the customers, the restaurant needs a renovation and new furniture! If it hadn't been for the traditional woven basket table seating, I would have thought this was some cheap bar in the middle of nowhere en route to.. I dunno, Mississippi. 
I'll likely visit the other Ethiopian restaurant when the craving hits, but I was quite pleased with my experience at Cafe Abyssinia.I will say that I do wish the sampler platter was more like other places I have been, where it is set upon the injera bread on a large round platter - it is among my favorite aspects of visiting Ethiopian restaurants - but I suppose that is a nitpick. The food is delicious. The waiter was eager to help and discuss the food like he had a passion for it. He was very knowledgeable and kind. An overall nice experience.Had a really good dinner here. I have had Ethiopian food once, 10 years ago in D.C. and wasn't a fan but this time I really enjoyed it. The beet salad was excellent. I had the chicken tibs and my husband got Kay Wat. Both were excellent although the Kay Wat certainly wasn't a light dish. The lentils were fantastic. We had plenty of left over for the next day. The service was really good- prompt and kind. Will def go back.It was my second, delightful visit!
The chicken & spinach dish is tender, well seasoned & perfectly portioned. Their veggies are excellent too. very filling and delicious...again!
Since they don't have a liquor license, they welcome you to bring wine on the premises. Score!
See you again, my Ethiopian jewel!BLUF:  I don't know Ethiopian food well.  The place is pretty good for a change of standard New Orleans food and the food is pretty good.  Good crowd of people.  4 star originality; 3 star food; 2 star service/atmosphere.  BYOB
Of set from Magazine so has a less busy feel but it can get crowded.  Inside atmosphere is not terribly interesting nor ethnic feeling.  This could and should be an easy fix for them but doesnt seem like they are going to do anything.  Why is their NOLA art (brass band in swirling colors) in an Ethiopian restaurant?  
I let my lady order cuz she knows her stuff.  We got the national chicken dish and the veggie combo.  
The chicken dish was fantastic.  I have no clue what it was called or what was in it but it was really good.  The veggie combo had yellow and red lentils.  The yellow were not bad but not much to them; the red were great with a little kick.  The potato/carrot was good but also not exciting.  The greens and cabbage were also a tad blah.  I feel like none of the veggie combo had much flavor but tasted good overall.  Might benefit from adding together or mixing with a meat.  The bread stuff (I dont know how to spell it) comes on the side and not underneath which I believe is more common. 
Overall the place is good for a different meal and originality.  The food doesnt knock your socks off though. Again, that could just be the ethiopian style of food but my New Orleans taste buds want a little more zip.Absolutely the best ethiopian cuisine I have ever had.  Leaves every ethiopian restaurant in DC in the dust.  Beef with collards highly recommended!Still love their veggie plate...tons of yummy food. But they don't serve it on the injera so flavor  scant soak into it. Be sure to ask for it on the injera so you don't miss any of the goodness.Amazing!!!  
My husband and I came here on our 2nd wedding anniversary for a quick lunch. We love Ethiopian food and don't get many chances to eat it in the Latin food mecca of Miami, FL. 
The waitress was friendly and enthusiastic.  She was easy going and helpful, and even took a photo of us. The portions are generous and the food was delicious! The curries are authentic and the sides are a great complement. 
Definitely recommend this restaurant and also Big Easy Scooters across the street - great way to see the city!!The quality of the food is amazing!! The only other time I have ever had Ethiopian food is in Ethiopia but Cafe Abyssinia was a close comparison. I ordered Cafe Abyssinia off of postmates and was happily surprised with how quickly my order was prepared. I ordered veggie sambusas and the vegetarian platter. Both were amazing and I ate the entire thing. The injera was spongey and light just like I remember it in Ethiopia. Was incredibly pleased with my order, will definitely eat here again!This was a dice shoot discovery. I wanted something that wouldn't exactly fill me up too much and a relatively healthier choice than anything fried and this little spot came up under a "vegetarian" search. Convinced by a once-over of some surface info. (Star rating/number of ratings) and swiping through a few pics, this was set in the sights.
Note, the restaurant does not sit exactly on Magazine, it's just off the street. There's a snoball stand up front and an adjacent driveway, the restaurant is just down the driveway.
The place appeared authentic, and when I say that I mean it's  one of those places you walk in and think/hope that where not much was put towards asthetics, they make up for in food; well this place does.
I ordered the yebeg tibs: deliscious, juicy morsels of lamb, garlic, rosemary onion and green pepper. It also came with this weird bread like helping, i tried a bit of it but I could do without. The lamb itself was so amazingly juicy and flavorful, the rosemary onions really set them off. The plate also came with a serving of these beans I'm not exactly sure what they are but also tasty, it all made for a great combination.
I could see myself back here for lunch or some pickup when I'm in the area and looking for a healthier choice.The food was fresh and the service was incredibly fast. I will definitely be back for more!It's pretty low-key- it's set back from the street and it has only about 7 tables. Apparently there's only one cook in the kitchen so this is pretty much the maximum they can accommodate for the time being.
I ordered the vegetarian platter, which included all its vegetarian dishes: the Yemisr Wot (spicy lentils with onions); Kik Alicha (yellow split pea with ginger and garlic); Tikel Gomen (cabbage and carrots); Dinich Alicha (potatoes and carrots); and some sort of spinach dish. Served atop injera (a spongy, slightly sour flat bread made with a grain called teff) with plenty on the side. You use the injera to scoop up bites of the curry- no forks or knives, though it looked like they provided them upon request.
My husband ordered Awaze Tibs, a beef dish- really excellent with a spice that sort of snuck up on you. Very tasty.
Looks like all the vegetarian dishes are vegan, they specifically say that they are cooked in vegetable oil with no dairy products.
We ordered a pot of tea to go with our meal- spicy with cloves, it was a bit overwhelming when drinking it before our food was served, but went perfectly with the spices of the meat and vegetables.
Service was friendly and attentive.
Bill came- $33. Plus tip, it was a relaxing, delicious, comfortable, and soul satisfying meal that was absolutely a bargain in every way. I highly recommend.Always a special meal! From the street, this place looks like a hole in the wall, which is probably to my benefit because there is always a table available. But make no mistake, when it comes to food, the tastes and flavors rank up there with some of my favorite high end restaurants in NOLA. 
Service is friendly and patient -- the staff is great at pointing out dishes they think you'd like, since the names and flavors can be pretty unfamiliar to a newbie. And on every visit, the waitstaff has been quick to replenish the pancake like bread that is used to scoop up entrees. 
my recommendation: bring a bottle or two of  something boozy. They're BYOB with a $5 corkage fee. The communal atmosphere of a big old shared plate of food is totally conducive to alcohol, lol. 
Bring a big group so that you can sample lots of flavors.The vege platter is a must. Be prepared to leave stuffed and happy! yum!I've had a lot of Ethiopian food and this place is good. Also, the hostess/waitress who helped us was so awesome. She remembered us from a previous visit, was very helpful with the menu, and just generally really pleasant. Definitely going back!!About a year ago we moved from Uptown to the Marigny and this is one of the places I miss the most, though we do still go there.  Delicious Ethiopian food in a low-key, friendly environment.  It's BYOB or at least was the last time I was there.  Good for vegetarians though they have lots of meat dishes, too.  I love the greens and the waiters give good advice.  Generous portions and reasonable prices.  It's also good for a crowd.I stopped by for lunch this time and learned that they have the same menu and same deliciousness. Plus, you can park in their small lot out front!  Hours: Tue-Sun Noon-9:30pm. Closed MonI have been eating at cafe Abyssinia for about two years now, and never had a bad experience.  I am drawn to write a review tonight because I just had an exceptionally good meal AND they are not permanently closed and I think this mishap on Yelp is hurting their business a bit!
Full disclosure, I've never been to Ethiopia. That being said, this food tastes good every time and that matters a lot, yeah? 
The staff is so friendly and knowledgable and can help you order if you're not sure what you want but know what you like ie. Chicken/beef/lamb, spicy/mild, etc. 
if I am in a group, big fan of ordering a meat and the veggie combo. Lots of different flavors and such a generous amount of food. 
Lamb tibs & wot both very good 
Awaze tibs (beef) also very good
You can't go wrong if you know what you like and let them help you.First, the bad:
The don't take reservations, and the service is slow as molasses. If you arrive after the first seating, be prepared to wait for a while to get a table. There is no waiting area, so you'll stand awkwardly by the door while everyone ignores you. No one will take your name, and the rumpled old guy in a leather jacket will just stare blankly at you, not really knowing how to deal with you (or anything else, it seems). Our waiter was polite and efficient, but he was responsible for the ENTIRE restaurant (about 8 tables) and so service was lacking despite his hustle. The aforementioned old guy, the only other presence in the dining room apart from the customers, is basically useless.
Now the good:
Once you're seated and have placed your order, the food comes out relatively quickly, and boy is it good! I've had Ethiopian food in DC and New Haven, and while this might not rank with the best I've had, it's flavorful, occasionally surprising, and comforting. The portions are ample. We had the vegetarian combo plus a lamb dish, and it was more than enough food for two -- would have easily fed three. 
It's BYOB at the moment, which is nice because it keeps the costs very low. A meal with appetizers, ample main course and tea at the end was under $20 per person.I won't go into great detail about this restaurant because so many others have written great reviews that go into depth about just how awesome this restaurant is. Just go to it. Order anything. It's all delicious. The food was amazing. The service was friendly and helpful. Don't be afraid to ask questions. The good people who work there will be happy to educate you about Ethiopian food and Ethiopia in general. I put off going for a long time (I had a Groupon and I went on the very last day it was valid.) I'll be back. Soon!Eating with your hands off of a weaved upside-down-sombrero-type table. They have regular seating too, but why not go the traditional route? This is definitely something different and it's worth a try if you're into that.
Update: they've got pretty good coffee too if you want an alternative to your regular coffee shop.Beautiful, peaceful restaurant with a set back patio sitting area right in the heart of the Garden District. Serves family style meals on a large plate to share, unless individual plates preferred. Meals are traditionally enjoyed without the use of silverware. 
The menu was authentic, our vegetarian dishes were delicious, with the spices well balanced and the teff bread amazing. Undoubtedly one of the gems in the food bonanza of New Orleans.Since I moved to New Orleans, the restaurant I find myself frequenting the most is Cafe Abyssina. Yes, of all the places in NOLA, my go-to is an Ethiopian restaurant. At this point it's my comfort food away from home. 
Cafe Abyssinia is located on Magazine Street, where they have a cozy outdoor patio perfect for gatherings and wine nights (another plus -- they're BYOB!). They're also very flexible and can accommodate large parties. They helped me host a 20+ person event once, and the bill came down to less than $20/person and there were plenty of leftovers. This food is meant to be shared, so bring friends! 
What's not comforting about Ethiopian food? There's hearty stews, carby injera*, and lots of flavor. Here are some of my favorite dishes to order: 
- Doro wot - a spicy chicken stew seasoned with berbere spice and served with a hard boiled egg
- Lamb tibs - lamb meat sauteed with onions, garlic, and pepper 
- Doro tibs with spinach - cubed chicken sauteed with spinach and onions
- Fish goulash - white fish in a tomato based stew 
- Kitfo - lean beef sauteed with Ethiopian butter and mittmitta spice 
- Shiro - ground lentil and chickpea stew with berbere spice
- Yamisr wot - red lentils and onions in a spicy sauce 
And if you don't know what to order, ask the sole waiter. He's not too talkative, but he's young, handsome, friendly, and will recognize your face the next time you come back.
photos: http://lettucespoon.blogspot.com/2015/02/cafe-abyssinia-new-orleans.htmlFelt like I was in a little town in Ethiopia. When you walk in there are tables with little straw huts on them. It was a little pricey for veggies and diced beef especially for lunch. Ask for utensils otherwise you will eat with your hands and bread. I thought it was different but I will not return.This was my first time eating Ethiopian food and it was quite an experience! My husband and I shared the doro wat with a side of red lentils. The chicken had a great flavor and the boiled egg was an interesting combination. It was too cold to sit outside, but I'd like to return with friends and use the outdoor space. The inside is small, so when it gets crowded it can be loud and hard to talk to your table.First attempt at Ethiopian food in NOLA. Service was great and the food was up to expectations. Can't comment too much on atmosphere since it was takeout.Being my first Ethiopian outing, I was surprised how familiar the food was while the dining methods ended up relatively unorthodox. Every bit of it was a lot of fun, though. Between two of us, there was more than enough portions of each item ordered, and the staff was friendly.
I wish I could go into more detail, but my visit was about a year ago. I do remember the food generally being on the spicy side, so that's a plus if you're into that. I'm not, but my girlfriend loved it. Aside from that aspect, I found everything well-prepared and quite good. The lamb in particular had a really great flavor. I'm long overdue for another visit, and it's certainly happening in the near future.The most delicious food, wonderful service, and atmosphere perfect for taking with friends. We ordered dishes made with collard greens, lamb, tilapia, lentils, carrots/potatoes. Each was seasoned and prepared perfectly. Using the innata bread as a fork is very unifying since everyone uses it to capture bites off food from a communal dish. The baklava was great too!!Beet salad was a delish as an appetizer. We ordered Tips and Vebeb Alicha for the main course. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly! Loved eating with my fingers! Who needs utensils! No wine on the menu, but you can bring your own with a $5 corking fee. Luckily, Martin Wine Cellar is across the street when you forget to bring (as we did). The staff was wonderful. Very enjoyable dinner date!Can't believe I haven't written a review for Cafe Abyssinia yet! One of my favorite places in Nola. There was a stretch for about 2 years where my fiancé and I went here EVERY Friday! The food is incredible and the injera is always fresh. 
Our favorites are the doro wot (classic, must try), lamb tibs, gomen be siga, and fish gulash. Honorable mention is the veggie platter, though honestly you can't go wrong with any dish. It's BYOB so head over to Spirit Wine across the street and pick up something to go with your meal! 
The service is also great-- special shout out to Senai!The server was a great help with the food selection. Everything we had was great. A place we would frequent if we lived here!Just passing through town.  Boy am I glad I stopped here.  Great food, service and atmosphere.   And I would have said this was a "$" rather than a "$$", but guess I'm just used to crazy DC prices ... and for less food.  I had the injera rolls, vegetable combo plate and a chai tea with steam milk.  One of the best Ethiopian meals I've experienced.  In hindsight, it was a lot of food for one person, but I took leftovers to the airport with me.  So, just the fact I was willing to wait outside security to finish it off ... !Great authentic Ethiopian for vegetarians and meat lovers alike. I ordered the vegetable combo and my husband ordered the lamb tibs. The portions were very generous and unlike other Ethiopian restaurants we've been to, they refilled our injera when we ran out. I thought it was weird that the meat dish was served on the same plate as the vegetarian dishes, but we made it work. The veg dishes were great; I couldn't make my mind up as to which was my favorite, but I eventually settled on the lentils. My husband thought his lamb tibs could have been bolder with more flavor, but was still very good. The injera was good as well, not dry like some we've had. The only downside was that the restaurant was empty when we went, which never makes for the best of atmospheres. 
Say hi to the very friendly resident cat outside the restaurant when you go!It's very disturbing while eating at obe of my favorite places and witnessing not one BUT two rats running from the dining room into the bathroom. And when I informed my server he lets me know it's New Orleans and that rats are everywhere....... Sorry sir that's not acceptable! 
Plus, the smell of the restaurant seems to get worse and worse whenever I do come. I suggest the owner really get this place back to what is was. Food hasn't been the same either. Wots are thick consistency not watery and running all over the plate. Very disappointing. I used to love this place. Don't think I'll return.I am all about expanding my horizons culturally and food is my favorite vehicle to do so.  I have never been to Ethiopia, but I imagine that this restaurant would look approximately the same way there as it does here.
When I pulled up to this place I was actually wondering if I was indeed still on Magazine St.  Walking through the dimly lit gravel parking lot I was surprised that the menu items I looked up online were priced as if they were coming out of class Magazine St. establishment.  This was more like a converted living room.
Myself 6'1" and my gf (regular size) opted out of sitting at the low down floor seat tables for comfort reasons and chose the regular 4 top tables.
We uncorked our bottle of wine and started browsing the menu.  I made the mistake of not asking for the cork back, also of selecting white wine.  There were fruit flies hovering around the bottle the whole night and when I made my second pour a few flies were floating in my drink.  
I tried to rationalize to myself that the presence of flies must mean that there is lots of "fresh produce" in the back being used for the meals.  
We got the vegetarian platter, only because I had real reservations about ordering meat from this place without getting a peak at the kitchen.  
The food wasn't bad, but I am not the type to enjoy eating messy foods with my hands, then going to put my food covered hand on my fly ridden wine glass for a swig.
Not a place I will ever return to even though i felt very "cultured" at the end of it.  I just hope there aren't too many other "cultures" growing on the food back there.Love it, the bread is super unique and be prepared to eat without utensils. They probably have some but you're supposed to use the bread to pinch and grab the food.comfy atmosphere. delicious classic etheopian grub. good sized portions. medium prices. super friendly, open staff. great off the beaten path spot. not too crowded not too touristy. good vegetarian options too. i never leave reviews but i loved this so much...Love this place so much, I recently had my birthday dinner here. Sure, service is lagging sometimes but cut them some slack! It's a hole-in-the-wall ethnic restaurant with one server working the floor--who was way friendlier to our 13-top than most feisty waiters in this city. He even lent me the restaurant's traditional Ethiopian garb to wear for birthday cake photo ops! Anyway, since it's the only Ethiopian place in the city (to my knowledge), there's not much standard for comparison, but it's so tasty to me, I could gursha my partner all night long! (Watch Simpsons episode called "Food Wife" if you don't get that one.) Plus there's no corkage fee for BYOB, so what more could you ask for in boozey NOLA? My only complaint is that the "spicy" entrees could be even spicier, not toned-down white-people spicy. 
Show Cafe Abyssinia some love and maybe we'll get more ethnic food places in our neck of the woods!Having dinner with my special someone. Love coming here for a quiet excellent dinner. Great customer service. Best Ethiopian in New Orleans. Highly recommended!the two things that really disappointed me were as follows:
1. the price - outrageous for ethiopian food at $15/serving.  most all ethiopian food at the restaurant is cabbage, potatoes, carrots, peas or a piece of meat.  the best ethiopian i've ever had was in tucson, az (zemam's - props), and each serving maxed out at around $8-$9.  plus you were served more.  very disappointing.
2. the seating - while i appreciate the "roots" feel with the mini tables, i'm 6'2'' and they don't really work too well.  as much as they're charging per serving, that place should be pimped out.
not to say i didn't enjoy my meal.  the service was expectedly slow (or relaxed), and i did appreciate the byob methodology.  i would just hope that the food would match the price or pride they put into it.  for two people to eat here and for the bill to be over $50 is a bit much so it's hard to justify returning unless i was just craving ethiopian food.  definitely get the vegetable sampler, as those are the best choices either way (doro wat is by far the most solid selection).Great spot with delicious food and very kind and attentive staff. Byob with a really fun outdoor spot. Will definitely be going back.I say this a lot, but I just recently moved here from Philadelphia and I'm always on the hunt for tasty, international food at reasonable prices. Abyssinia almost fits the build. 
It's more than I'd pay for Ethiopian back home, but not a lot more. I liked sitting outside on the patio even though an ice cream place on the edge of the same property blocks your view of magazine st. The service was fine. They have a lit up sign that says "coffee" but had no Ethiopian coffee. 
The injera was pale and bland for my taste. I ordered the doro wat and was disappointed to find it contained only breast meat. The sauce was amazing but the meat was dry. (I hate the American, white meat trend. It's ruined many a potentially delicious meal.) Probably my own fault. I usually order the vegetarian  sampler when I go out for Ethiopian. Should have stuck with the tried and true. Yellow lentils tasted bland next to the red lentils, but both were pretty good. 
I rarely get a craving for Ethiopian, but this will be my "goto".I've eaten a lot of Ethiopian food and this place was very good. They do a great job with the lentils and the lamb. Also, their injera is just right, not to sour. They also have a nice cozy feel to the place. Definitely, would come again if I lived in Nawlins.Ethiopian food in New Orleans?  I've never had Ethiopian cuisine before but we have walked by this little hidden place so many time we decided to stop in last nigh.  The one Waitress for the entire place was awesome.  How she managed all the tables without going crazy and being friendly the entire time, I'll never know.  On to the food.  We ordered 2 Sambusas, the Yebeg Alicha(stewed lamb) and the Veggie combo.  The dining method of hands and a tacky rolled flat bread was unorthodox but quite fun.  The Lamb was awesome, left bone-in, tender and tasted great.  The Lentils, Split peas, cabbage, and potatoes were all great.  I didn't care for the bitterness in the greens but that just how greens are.
I would recommend any trying this place out.We've been waiting for an Ethiopian restaurant to open back up in New Orleans. Finally! Great food. BYO. Service is slow but this due to their cooking everything to order. We'll be regulars for sure.I haven't had a dish here I do not enjoy. The place is great, a little restaurant set back off the street, and the service is always wonderful. I come from a region with a large Ethiopian population and the food here is as good as the food at home.This place is DELICIOUS. Though I haven't had much Ethiopian food in my lifetime, Cafe Abyssinia certainly makes me want it more.
The beet salad was beautiful, tasty, and fresh. Our party of four ordered the veggie combo, lamb yebeg tibs, and chicken doro wat, all of which we polished off happy and full as can be. The veggie combo was good, though I am not quite sure on any particular dishes within it because it wasn't specified. It did, however, come with the beet salad, but you should still order the beet salad as an appetizer all on its own because of how good it is. The yebeg tibs was amazing. The lamb was tender and flavorful, with many pieces still on the bone. The chicken doro wat was aromatic and delicious and came with some sort of cheese and hard boiled eggs--very good.
The waitress--though a little quirky and weird--made some good food suggestions like steering us clear of the yebeg alicha fitfit, which she described as something seriously traditional, requiring an acquired taste.
For the amount of food you get for the price, this is a great place to go for a small group splitting the tab equally since it's family-style serving. Order one entree less than the number of people in your group, even if it's a hungry group.
Definitely coming back soon!This place is amazing! I had never eaten Ethiopian food before and this was perfect. Our waiter was so helpful he gave us great advice on what to order and how to eat the food. Probably some of the best service I've had in New Orleans! Also the food is just so good my stomach hurt after because I couldn't stop eating! I wish I could give this place 6 stars they definitely deserve it!I was so excited to get Ethiopian food in NOLA! I went to Cafe Abyssinia with three friends with high spirits, which unfortunately weren't met.
Honestly, the place looks like a shithole from the street. Which doesn't mean the food won't be amazing, but it didn't help in the overall experience. The sumbusa appetizers were yummy, but didn't seem very fresh--you could get the same thing in the freezer aisle of a grocery store.
My boyfriend and I split the vegetarian plate, which has all the different veggie sauces on a piece of injeera. My friend ordered the yellow sauce (oooh I forgot the name). When our food arrived the cook had just put an extra spoonful of my friend's yellow sauce onto my plate, which was already being split between two people. After wondering where her food was, my friend asked for her own plate, which had a little more of the sauce, and was charged $13 for a piece of injeera and a cup of sauce! I thought the sauce tasted burnt, but that could have just been me.
I've eaten Ethiopian before, so I knew what to expect, but the food at Abyssinia wasn't great, and it was ridiculously overpriced. I love the injeera, although they don't actually make it themselves at the restaurant.  It was decent, but not at all impressive and we all felt rather ripped off. I would definitely NOT go back here. I'd stick to Bennachin in the Quarter, or Indian.
I was sure I was going to love this place, which made it all the more disappointing.Delicious and unique. Just accept the slow service. I love the place. 
Saw reviews complaining about the service and saw a couple get up and leave for not getting menus right away -- but if you just go with patience and relax, it's fine!! The guy is definitely not ignoring anyone and he's not sitting in back-- he really is busy. Our party of 5 had a lovely time sitting on the patio. Seemed that all of the other guests were also relaxed and enjoying their meals. (BYOB for a $5 corkage fee, and they do give you wine glasses)
SO, the food!  5 people: got sambusas, two veggie combos and one lamb tibs.  Was the perfect amount (some of us weren't that hungry to start, and we were all full by the end). Maybe could have done one more item if we were all super starving. 
Lentil sambusas were delicious! Tasty and crispy and big. All of the veggies were so tasty and each different from the other. The lamb was AWESOME. tender, tasty, grilled.
Definitely try it out for a lazy evening meal. (**And go with fun friends who don't mind eating with no utensils and just wrap-like bread to pick everything up with!)Love it! Went for lunch, not crowded, food and service were great. Had chicken doro wat and red lentils, perfectly spiced, generous portions. I can't wait to come back. My first experience with Ethiopian food, and it was a huge success. Even got extra to take home!I'm constantly searching for great ethic food in this city and, with the exception of Vietnamese and Mexican, I rarely find it. I went here with 26 people (yea...we almost bought out the place...) to celebrate a friend leaving town and had a great time. 
This was only my second experience eating Ethiopian so I won't claim to be any sort of expert, but all the food was absolutely delicious, both the vegetarian and meat dishes (the lamb especially was amazing). We didn't order a ton of food, but I was completely full and satisfied for only $15, including tip. Plus, its BYOB right now, so hurry in before they get their liquor license!
I'm going to go back with a couple people to experience it on a more a intimate scale and I'm hoping it will be just as good...Delicious!  I dont know anywhere else in the city that serves Ethiopian food and I will happily ride my bike all the way from the Bywater in the middle of August just to eat here.  I have only tried their veggie options, and I have never been disappointed.  It is one of my favorite places to bring friends from out of town.I like taking dates here to do something more adventurous than just dinner. Ethiopian food is a lot of fun, and you get to find out if your date is fun too.
Cafe Abyssinia is the best Ethiopian place in New Orleans. I've had better in Seattle, but as for down here, this is it. It's very good, although they recently Americanized their menu a little, it's still a great place.
My default at any Ethiopian place is the Doro Wot, and it's very good here. Be prepared for some spices you may not be used to.
It is a BYOB place, you will be eating with your hands, and I recommend sharing a couple dishes between the 2 of you just to try the different flavors. However, you probably won't finish, they give you a lot of food (but it makes great leftovers)
I've been here about 5 times, but every time I try to find it I accidentally drive right past it. It's kind of hidden, know where you're going before you go!The food is delicious, especially the vegetable items.  The meat dishes seem kind of pricey for what you get.  It was $12 for a single chicken leg with a hard boiled egg and sauce (not enought to feed one person), whereas for $15 you can get the veggie combo which includes four large entrees and enough to feed two or three.
We has some confusion with paying, as they didn't bring out everything that we ordered, but then they tried to charge us for it anyway.  The argument got pretty heated, and I was just about to unleash a knuckle-storm of noogie fury on his head when he finally agreed to meet us half way.
I will probably return here because the food was so good, and hopefully we don't have another ordering problem.My first go at Ethiopian food and was extremely pleased. I had a blast exploring their menu. BYOB.I've had Ethiopian food once before in San Francisco and remembered not being all that impressed or thrilled. Fortunately for me, Abyssinia has completely changed my tune! 
Our waitress was such a joy! We were going to order 4 entrees for 4 girls and she told us, with a little sass, that it was way too much food - I appreciated the suggestion. We ordered some spicy beef, chicken and a vegetarian dish - all of which came out on one giant platter to share family-style. The spongy bread (injera) had great texture and flavor and was easy to handle. I left completely stuffed, satiated and especially happy since the meal only cost $12 (split 4-ways)! 
Other things to love: the corking fee is only $5 and Martin's wine cellar is directly across the street - how convenient! Easy street parking.My first time here and omg delicious food,no complaints!! Will go back for sure!! The flavors and spices were so amazing. I'm so happy I decided to try Ethiopian food.My 3rd time trying this place. I really love Ethiopian food & this is the only place out here I can find any. The food here has been absolutely terrible my first 2 visits, but TODAY it was really good. I give credit where credit is due & you guys have really changed my opinion about your restaurant, or at least for today you have. If my next visit the food is good again (consistency), THEN you will have won me over! But hats off to whoever did the cooking and seasoning today (food still doesn't have that authentic Ethiopian flavor or spices, but the food did taste. good). I'll definitely be giving you guys another chance after tasting the food I had today. Everything was good - the beef, the lamb, the greens, chickpeas & lentils. Everything!One of my favorites in New Orleans - definitely the best Ethiopian food. Staff treats us like family and the food is amazing. Prices are unbelievably fair. Sit outside under the lights and bring a good bottle of wine (BYOB)- order the Doro Wot, Misir Wot, Gored Gored, or special shiro. You won't be disappointed.We were walking in Magazine St during XMas Eve and everything was close. So we got here by accident and I was a bit relented since i am not a huge fun of Ethiopian food. But that was almost our only option...
OMG... What a happy accident. The place was amazing food ppl and crowd!
We had Kitfo and Doro Wot 2 plates fed 3 or 4... We had a blast!!!I'm embarrassed to admit that I've lived around the corner for a year and just now tried Abyssinia.
What a mistake! It was a great experience! 
The food is authentically prepared, the server guided us well and we really had a good time. 
The restaurant is byob, so, no alcohol, but they kept the water filled. 
Try the apps! They have a 'special' sauce that I could  put on anything and devour.
We loved it! We'll be going back for sure! Good deal! Good Vibes! Crazy Casual! Great neighborhood find.First time ever trying Ethiopian food and it was AMAAAAAZING! The server (His name is Senai!!! I hope I am spelling it correctly...) was very knowledgeable about all the food and was able to recommend few stuff, which I ended up loving all. 
We were planning on ordering 2 dishes for 2 of us but the waiter recommended that one dish and an appetizer should be enough for both of us and I'm glad we did so - food was just right amount for us. We had sambusa and chicken dish that is supposedly the national dish of Ethiopia. 
It was BYOB and I cannot wait to go back. Highly recommended!!!I didn't like lamb before I came to this place...it's great here! The vegetables alil overcooked but tasty and had great seasoning. Will be going back!!! BYOW-no liquor license.Oh Wow! not only this was my very first time eating Ethiopian food but the attention, presentation, look, and most importantly the flavors were amazing!
I went to NOLA for a conference and after this experience, I couldn't stop recommending my friends to go and visit this location. In fact, in December, I received a text form a good friend letting me know she and her family have gone to visit this location because of my recommendation. Now, they are pros, they do know about Ethiopian food and they told me this was not just the real deal but they will continue to go back to this location every time they have a chance. Thus, if you are looking for a great Ethiopian meal, go and visit Cafe Abyssinia in NOLA!Amazing food! Great for vegans, plenty of veggie based dishes rolled up in amazing g ethiopian bread. Come hungry! BYOB if you wanna drink while you're here.Food was definitely worth the wait! Loaded with authentic flavor. Highly recommend the doro wat (one of the chicken dishes)...pretty sure that's how it's spelled. Very chill spot on magazine. Jared is the man.I had an amazing little chicken dish.  Service was very good too.  Never had Ethiopian before so this was a great experience .BYOB. $5 charge for byob per table. Usually only one waiter. Running out of menu items has happened on both occasions. Waiter was helpful in choosing alternate dishes. I recommend the spicy beef (last item on the menu arvat tibs? Beef tibs. ). All the vegetable dishes are good-- even the cabbage and I never like cabbage. Doro tibs is good, but not exciting at all-- just chicken ( not great white meat cuts) in oil, onion, and black pepper. It's served with slices of fresh jalapeno but you don't get any jalapeno flavor in the dish. Injera is moist and good, really filling. Potato and carrots are my favorite but the beans have great spices added. Many of the dishes are oily or greasy so ask your server for recommendations if you don't like oily foods. 
It gets busy quickly so get there early or plan to wait. When it's hot outside it's hot inside of this restaurant. Even in early March. Not a fancy place, come as you are. There's a big flat screen tv on mute.My friends and I threw a surprise party for our friend last night at Cafe Abyssinia, which is one of our mutually favorite restaurants to dine at. The staff was so wonderful towards our group of 20, ready to give suggestions and help with our menu choices. I have to say that the staff's friendliness and ability to serve our large group was pretty impressive. Our waiter was so nice but I forgot his name! cool dude though :) 
We ate in groups of 4-5/ family style and omg the sambusa appetizer was amazing.  It's fried stuffed triangle yumminess. We tried the spinach, veggie, and beef. Everyone loved the variety and the the sauce was absolutely incredible.  Your whole night will be right if you start with the sambusa - trust me on this. Also, please order the iced tea - this isn't your basic lipton - it tastes like an iced chai? 
Our waiter was also really helpful in helping us choose dishes that were more authentic to Ethiopian dining and that was really really nice for first timers. I didn't want to miss out on anything and it helped create an excellent dining experience. 
The kifto was a huge hit - we had the lamb wot which was amazing, but the Doro wot - the national Ethiopian dish - was my absolute favorite. It's spicy and rich and very nice. 
Be sure to round out your meal with a veggie - we chose the combo and while I absolutely loved the split peas, a crowd favorite was definitely the collard greens. 
We will be back! thanks so much for the great fun and wonderful dinner. 
Also, they served us cake for the party! We had a great time. 
Definitely highly recommended - there's no other place in New Orleans like it.While I don't have much basis of comparison for Ethiopian, their vegetarian platter and appetizers hit the spot every time! Their Injera bread is unlike anything that I've experienced and if you're not familiar with Ethiopian cuisine, be prepared to be addicted to a spongy, almost sour thin bread that you use as your utensil. When we went in as a group of four, they had mistakenly given our reservation to another group but nonetheless, got us in right away . This place is very authentic and laid-back, so expect to be enjoying your meal and time with friends for a while (don't worry, they give you more Injera if you need to keep your dipping going!). I highly recommend sharing platters (the vegetarian could definitely feed two and maybe three after an appetizer). 
Such a perfect dinner out for groups or just a friend. Maybe not a date unless you really want to show your ability to eat with your hands.It's not a fancy place, but it's authentic and tasty.  If you get an appetizer and two entrees, you'll spend around $30 and get plenty to eat.I went here last week with a friend of mine it was great.
The collard greens with seasoned very well and the atmosphere was very delightful.Great food, great prices. Had the veggie plate shared with my husband and it was a lot of food. It is a place I would definitely go back to.A nice change of pace compared to the standard Cajun/American/Mediterrean fare that New Orleans generally offers.
If you have never had Ethiopian food before, be warned, everyone's food at the table comes out on a large round platter. If someone in the group is vegetarian or picky, they may want to request their food be separated.
You order the type of meat you like (I highly recommend Doro Tibs, chicken with onions etc) and it comes with various sides. You scoop up the meat and sides with injera (a kind of tortilla-like spongy bread). No forks involved, just lots of napkins. Very different, but delicious.They are also BYOB, with a $5 corkage fee per table.
The downside - service is incredibly slow. There are about 9 tables in the restaurant, and only one waitress, who also acts as hostess and cashier. She is definitely working hard, but it is just not adequately staffed. I went on a Thursday night, and every table was full. I was told that there are waits on weekends, and she still is the only person at the front of the house.
Overall, an interesting and different restaurant experience. Not for those who are unadventurous, or don't enjoy sharing food. Just be prepared to wait!I haven't been to Café Abyssinia for several years because the last time was basically a disaster. But I love Ethiopian food and decided to give it another shot. First, we were greeted at the door by a friendly, knowledgeable server who did an excellent job throughout the meal. The place has been redecorated and now has simple, elegant white table cloths - no more cheesy decorations and uncomfortable furniture. And the food... wonderful! We got a vegetarian sampler and Doro Wot (spicy chicken) which was served with a white cheese to "cool down" the spice of the dish. It was some of the best I've had anywhere, including Africa! I mentioned to the server how much better everything is now and he explained there was new management. That was obvious. Even the  baklava we split for dessert was outstanding and came in a very generous portion. 
In short, I'm happy to discover that this place has arisen from the ashes to become the best Ethiopian restaurant around!Ethiopian food noob here. Like many other reviewers, I feel the need to disclose this. We've been wanting to try one of the Ethiopian places in town for a while, but haven't had the guts. One day, we just went for it and I'm glad we did. We went to Cafe Abyssinia with another couple for dinner...none of us knowing what to expect beside basic knowledge like the fact that there wouldn't be utensils (which we are definitely ok with). We sat outside which was very nice weather wise and got some waters (it's BYOB for future reference). 
We got the veggie appetizer which has tilapia in it. It was kind of weird just because it was our first experience with the injara bread. the taste was really good. 
We were not expecting all of our dinners to come out together, but it was nice to have a communal eating experience and while I couldn't try the others meat dishes, I was able to share my veggie platter with the table. The veggie platter was delish. The flavors reminded me kind off like indian...curries and the like kind of seasoning. Nothing spicy or weird in the veggie platter. My favorite was probably the lentils. 
The rest of the table got beef tips, lamb, and a ground beef dish. The beef ones were apparently on the spicier side, but they really enjoyed them. 
The waitress was very nice and attentive. She was surprised it was our first time eating Ethiopian (I'm guessing because we didn't ask any questions.) And the price was very reasonable for all of the food you get. 
We will definitely return!The food was really good especially Shiro. Our server was very sweet. We sat outside and it was calm and serene. Highly recommended.I was just thrilled to see the Ethiopian flag in New Orleans, that I had to go there for dinner the next night. After three years in DC, I missed that belly-rumbling hangover cure injera and on-the-bone meat stews. 
The flag on Magazine Street is how you will find this place... it is located between two buildings in the back of what looks like a converted apartment. 
The staff was inviting and friendly, and I dug the murals and traditional pics for decor. 
A pair of us had the lamb fitfit and the beef tibs. The portions were huge, for about $14 an entree, we should have definitely shared one. I have to admit being so excited to be eating this stuff that I would have a hard time to compare it to the bounty in DC, but it was definitely family-made and delicious.The food here was great!  We got there about 8:30 and there were still people inside.  Two of us ordered the vegetarian plate plus the beet salad plus two stuffed "pockets" that were appetizers.  Skip the pockets.  I believe they are baked or deep fried,but the outside is hard as a rock and not much filling.  The beet salad was excellent as was the vegetarian dish.  It was a lot of food even for just two people, but it was fun to try everything.
The owner/chef came out and talked to us which I always love.  He even dished up our leftovers into two containers and told us how to heat them up.
There is a corkage fee of $5--for some reason I thought it was free.
The place is tucked back next to a shoe repair shop so you might miss it if you drive by too quickly.  It's also a pretty "down-home" kind of atmosphere with the oil table cloths (and maybe your table will have glass on top--maybe not) and then the hooka tables in the middle.  What I'm sayin' is it's nothing fancy, but the food is fantastic!This restaurant is on a great part of Magazine Street. The only problem is it's behind a Snowball Stand and kind of in the back and I think a lot of people miss it because it's back there. They have outdoor benches which were all in use the night we came on Champagne Stroll Night. Inside there are several tables available but some tables were in use, so it wasn't packed but it wasn't empty. They don't have a huge staff so they're busy a lot and you just have to be a little patient. Our server was knowledgeable about what each dish consisted of. 
They also do not have alcohol. It's BYOB!!
I wanted to try the Split pea stew, and the Lamb Tibs, but they were out of both.
THE FOOD:
I got the Lamb Wot and Red Lentil Stew.
My date had the Doro Wot (Ethiopia's National Dish) and Beet Salad. It came with Injera (a spongy "wet" kind of bread), carrots/cabbage and potato/ carrot. 
Wot by the way is a sauce made of yellow onions, garlic, and berberaye. It's described as spicy, but I didn't get much heat. 
The Lamb Wot was good. A little too much bone and not enough meat for me, but good flavor, tender meat. The red lentil stew was ok. Also a little bland.
Looked like my date made the right choice. The beet salad was tremendous. Pickled beets, Red onion, etc. Simple, flavorful, refreshing. The Doro (chicken) wot was fantastic. Spicier that the Lamb Wot. Very satisfying. The vegetable sides of cabbage/carrots and potato/carrots were simple and not great, but good. 
The whole meal is served on a round pizza tray with an injera layer between the tray and food. 
Also note: You eat with your hands here. Take a piece of Injera, and scoop some food into your face!!  Of course, my dinig companion used a fork, which they will provide if you ask. 
Overall, a fantastic intro to a new type food I've never tried before. 
The menu is small, so.. not a huge selection, but they do good food here.
On the way out we grabbed a baklava and sat out side and shared it at an empty table. It was sweet, flaky, dense, tasty, sticky...... AWESOME!! 
I will be back!Soo so so good! 
We had the veggie combo and lamb awaze tibs. It was so much food, we had to take half of it home! The spice level was on point. Almost as good as Ethiopian food we have back in Los Angeles. It's pretty low key during weekday evenings, and the waiters are friendly and quick!This place gives the Goat a great deal of food.  It seems like very healthy home cooking here.  The vegetables and bread are all so very very good!  The special tea is very nice and seems so fresh and healthy.  The Goat makes a bit of a mess here as they don't like you to eat with forks and they just give you a basket of rolled up flat bread to eat with your hands like a barbarian.  The Goat would like chopsticks better than eating like a barbarian.  All the food smells so very good and Goat was a bit worried when he saw they serve goat meat on the menu but everybody that works here were very nice with sometimes slow service but always friendly and smiling so good gentle people here.  Very good healthy food and fills the belly up while still being fresh and healthy.  Please make sure to eat healthy as the Goat worries about people who don't eat healthy.  The Vegan diet makes me feel so good and helps all health so feel better and eat fresh like here.Yum yum!! I had the vegetarian plate. The bread came out perfectly. Prompt, polite, friendly service. Outdoor and indoor seating available. It is byob.Great authentic authentic tasty flavorful Ethiopian cusine. You will like it. Yum! You can eat outdoors or indoors.I love this place! This one of my favorite places to eat.Great food. Great service. It's healthy. veg-friendly and healthy. It is a hidden gem in The Garden District.This is a fun, tucked away restaurant. I haven't had Ethiopian food in years, and this is a truly authentic place. The food, the owner, the chef, all lovely! I wish I could eat here more often!Edit - I have fallen in LOVE with the red lentils! My sambusas have been PERFECT, and the service is still amazing. 
While living  in Washington DC for over 10 years, I fell in love with Ethiopian food. Since I don't eat meat, I tend to get the veggie platter once a week. One can imagine my excitement when I discovered this cool spot on Magazine Street.
My first visit was great, but they don't sell alcohol, so they didn't have Ethiopian Honey wine. The food was perfectly seasoned. The injera wasn't my favorite. It isn't  as spongy and sour as I know it to be. 
After many, many visits I had disappointing food last night. The injera seemed really chewy, and the look of it was off. Some parts were really hard; other parts had dark brown creases. The food was ok, but you can tell that it had sat for a while. 
I love lentil sambusas,  but theirs always seemed to be overcooked. One time I had to throw away the outer layer because of all the grease and burn. I would have taken it back if I didn't live so far.
What makes the restaurant a 4 instead of 3 is the servers. I have only had a younger lady and gentleman, and both are sweethearts. I also enjoy watching the music videos from Ethiopia. It reminds me of my time in DC. 
Overall, I will continue to come here. Hopefully, the sambusas will be less burnt and the injera more fresh like my earlier visits.Obviously this place deserves 5 stars. Truly one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. I have eaten authentic Ethiopian food in Ethiopia, and Cafe Abyssinia matches that quality and delicious culinary heritage. Absolute 5/5 stars, amazing service and delicious food!