Found this place because the place that we were trying to go with wad closed, and we were not disappointed. I got the breakfast sandwich with bacon on whole wheat which was delicious and my spouse had the biscuit sandwich. Both were easy on the stomach and the staff was friendly. Quaint little joint. Be mindful of your surroundings. And try the coffee !Love this Cafe!
Atmosphere is great. Very relaxed. I like coming here for breakfast or lunch. They make delicious coffee and have almond milk:) They also have a variety of vegan cookies and last time they even had vegan brownie!
Outside they have a few tables were you can just sit and sip coffee, watching people pass by on Frenchman. 
Make sure you go:)Awful. Don't waste your time. Waited over 20 minutes for an egg and cheese sandwich. Didn't have the garlic butter it said it would have. For eight dollars for a bacon egg and cheese, your money will be much better spent elsewhere. Rude chef.I love everything about this spot. The history, the rose chai, and the amazing hospitality. 
I think this is my new fav coffee shop in my new fav town.This cafe is definitely a local place, and highly recommended. I ordered the soup of the day, an avocado gazpacho soup to which I added a little salt and a few dashes of hot sauce, I mean, when in Rome right. I also ordered the breakfast burrito with alligator sausage, also very tasty. My pal ordered the jerk chicken wrap which had a lovely fresh ginger and sweet flavor, I know this because I took a bite. The only thing was nothing came with the wraps, no pickle, chips, macaroni salad... Just the sandwiches on the plate... The sandwiches, one soup of the day and two 16.9 oz bottles of water came to $27.05
I'm a little disappointed with the cost for lunch, but the food was fresh, tasty and the service was very pleasant.A pretty good breakfast/brunch option on Frenchman. 
The food was reasonably-priced and fresh-tasting, even if it wasn't terribly exciting.  The menu offers more variety than the average breakfast joint.  Huevos rancheros came with eggs cooked properly over easy and black beans that had a little flavor to them.  Pico de gallo was a bit pallid, though, and the tortillas weren't the greatest.  Not a bad plate of food, all in all.  The best thing on it was alligator sausage (bold and spicy), which was an add-on (see below).
The decor somehow feels a little 1990s-ish (sort of mix between Pottery Barn and Marigny boho), but it's charming enough.
A few minor annoyances, but they add up:
--The wait for our food was too long (a half-hour or more), given that the restaurant was almost empty at around 9am on a weekday.
--You have to pay in full for a coffee or tea refill.  (The coffee was decent, but not good enough to justify such pricing.)
--You order at a counter, which may not give you much time to look over the menu.  The British gal at the counter was friendly and cheerful, but be careful:  She was a bit slick about upselling breakfast sides.  I can't remember verbatim how she phrased the answer to my question in response to her question about which side I wanted, but she made it sound like the sides come with the breakfast entrees.  She then rang up my sausage separately.  (I was aware of this before I paid and made a quick decision to go along with it, but I suspect some folks will be caught unawares.)
--The cook who brought out our food was one grumpy mammajamma on this morning, but then he was there only a second or two to put our plates down, so not too big of a deal.  (Pretty sure that's him smiling broadly in one of the featured Yelp photos, so maybe he was just having a bad morning!)
--Noise levels were pretty bad given the time of day--the sound system was a bit loud, and a couple of cabbies were howling with laughter at what appeared to be Youtube videos on their smartphones.  So, if you've got a hangover, Cafe Rose Nicaud may not be your best bet.I spent a month in New Orleans for work and frequented this spot for early morning coffee.  Friendly staff and good selection of drinks.  Food is surprisingly good as well considering it is a small coffee shop. I really enjoyed the jerk chicken wrap, had a wonderful spice to it.   They appear to make everything fresh in house. Very refreshing to see. The cafe also offers tables outside which provide great people watching for the Frenchmen St. scene. I already miss this place now that I am back in Chicago. Definitely worth checking out if your in the area.Delicious breakfast spot.  It's not far from the Frenchmen market.  I liked and recommend their Mexican mocha, house black coffee, fruit parfait and the BLT.  Ambiance is casual and it's best for a small group of 4 or couples.After checking in twice, I became the Yelp Duke of this place.  This gives me very little power, but does tell us that people do not check-in here very often.  It is not a Mac-hipster kind of place.  Equally, there are few power outlets, just enough to keep the place clean.  
This rings true, I have not seen people on their lap-tops in here.  It is more of a social vibe and all the better for it.  I do not get the impression that you would be unwelcome to bring that Mac, just that you would be alone in doing so.
I like that.
Food is good, coffee is good, as well covered in other reviews.The absolute best kale pear salad in the world!!!!Has a sandwich ever saved your life?
I apologize for the grandiose statement. But in all seriousness, sometimes I think that the humble sandwich is one of the most perfect creations of all time. 
Today I was having one of those days. I stupidly parked far away from my destination and walked a half mile to find out the store I needed to be open, wasn't in fact open for another 45 minutes. Add to that, my parking meter had 20 minutes on it and I had to walk back the half mile to make it in time. Add to THAT, I hadn't eaten in about 18 hours. 
And it was pretty freaking hot out.
And my feet hurt.
And, I'll spare you the rest of the tiresome details, but after moving my car and parking yet again far far away from where I needed to be, I finally found myself on Rose Nicaud's doorstep, slightly bedraggled and one might say "famished" (if one were as prone to hyperbole as Yours, Truly). 
Hello, lifesaving breakfast sandwich of scrambled egg and cheddar on whole grain bread! It had just the right amount of ingredients, was a nice and tidy eat and hit the mothereffing spot.
Within 15 minutes, I had my energy back. Within 20 I was ready to seize the day.
Breakfast is served until noon.
As I walked the 4th half mile of my day down the sizzling hot sidewalk, I mentally penned my homage to the sandwich. It's not quite ready, but I'll let you know when that happens.Nice atmosphere in this cafe where locals meet on Frenchmen street. I ordered the granola, which I thought was delicious at first but it started to get super sweet midway through the bowl.
The staff is very nice and helpful and greeted me with a smile.This was a really good brunch option for our small group. $3 mimosa and $4.50 Bloody Mary all this weekend. 
The mimosa was terrific - generous champagne and a splash of juice. We had a couple of them. The bloody mary was definitely enjoyed by folks. 
It is an 'order at the counter, and they deliver your food' place and the staff were really friendly. I had the Sweet Southern Breakfast - scrambled egg, curried roasted potato (which I didn't like, but the wife loved), and avocado. The wife had the Grits bowl (cheesy, rosemary grits) with goat cheese and a soft boiled egg - the grits were very good. Both were served with a big, tender biscuit. 
Our friends had the Southern Breakfast - and tried the alligator sausage, which was tasty, and the Veggie Scramble - and she was really glad she ordered this. 
We would definitely come back during our time here, since we are staying in the edge of the Marigny neighborhood. They have a great looking selection of sweet and savory pastries, which are calling me back.Great little cafe/breakfast spot in New Orleans! Perfect location adjacent to a lovely little park and steps away from the French Quarter too. I figured this would be a great spot to continue my experience of southern cuisine, so I ordered myself one of their southern breakfast platters. This included two eggs (scrambled), grits, alligator sausage, and a biscuit. Now, the grits and alligator were new to me, so when I saw that on the menu, I figured 'Why the Hell not?!'. The grits were great! They may not look appetizing, but the taste is quite alright. It was very flavorful and sweet, but not too sweet, as it served as a wonderful counterpart to the rest of the meal.
Now the alligator sausage, ooh boy. I was not even aware that one can indulge in alligator before this day, but I knew in my heart I was ready for this. It didn't taste terrible! In fact, it tasted great! (My midwestern-ness is showing...sorry for you southern Yelpers that may read this). It had a tiny bit of a kick to it compared to regular pork sausage, I loved it! And then the biscuit, oh Lord! Never underestimate the power of a good biscuit.
Wonderful breakfast. Plus the iced coffee wasn't too bad neither. Moderately priced meal altogether, and the servers were a delight as well.Nice place, relaxing location, lovely atmosphere, stellar ginger lemonade.The Ginger Limeade is so amazing I've been dreaming about it and need to find a way to make it at home, ever since I tasted it a couple days ago.  
I was also impressed by the number of GF and vegan menu items.  We stopped in for coffee and limeade and had already eaten, otherwise we would have taken advantage of their breakfast menu that looked amazing.Must visit in New Orleans! The cold brew and is amazing and the food is awesome! Defiantly should try out their Bloody Mary too!A really lovely place for breakfast (and possibly other meals) in a popular section of NOLA that, blessedly, seems to cater more to locals than to tourists. If we lived in NOLA we'd be here very regularly, whether for a full meal or just a coffee and some quiet time.I love this place, I stop here several times a week. I am completely addicted to the Ginger Limeade. The Rose Benedict is by far the best thing I have ever eaten for breakfast! The staff are all wonderful, but I love my girl Christie the best, she gets very creative. 
Plenty of seating, large windows,fun,  friendly and free wifi. 
Can't say enough how much I enjoy this place!Really good little breakfast and lunch joint.   I had a breakfast sandwich on a biscuit topped with pico de gallo, and a coffee.   Had a bite of my partner's rosemary grits.....SO GOOD!   Absolutely no refills on coffee, but a large is big enough that you don't really need one anyway.I have been living down the street for about 5 years. I keep coming back because i like to support small local women owned businesses. They also have a good selection of vegetarian friendly and health conscious items. But everything here costs more by a couple dollars than it does at all the other locales  around the area, the $ sign is very inaccurate. and despite the higher costs, they only put a single shot in their latte!, their espresso and chai drinks are never consistent. they use fake eggs or something on their breakfast sandwiches (you'd like for 5 dollars for a biscuit and egg you could get a better egg?), the counter helpers are all pretty nice but the place feel very thankless... other places I have patronized for 5 years people know who i am and are just more neighborly. i end up disappointed when i go over there.Dropped by on Mardi Gras for a late breakfast.  They had a set menu, no substitutions.  There were a lot of people. The food came fast and the cafe drinks were given to you right away.  The breakfast burrito I had was good.  Monique got the BLT, she said it was good.Quiet, open, clean, and, most of all, delicious. Breakfast is no-frills (except for the delicious rosemary cheese grits), but satisfying, well-prepared, and served in perfect portions. The coffee is hot, the service is friendly, and you don't have to crawl over everyone else around Bourbon Street if you're in town for the weekend to party.Nice little cafe on the side of small park. My late was pretty good considering they don't pull their own espresso. The crowd their was an amazing array of New Orleans locals. I couldn't tell you how their food is because I left after 20 mins waiting for bagel with lox. Their were 4 people working including what appeared to be the owner but no one really seemed to care.. the owner was busy complaining about some TV show that was being filmed in the middle of the cafe for everyone to see/hear. 
The price was fair, so just don't expect your food quicklyThis is my coffee shop.  Today I ran in and ordered an iced coffee with a little milk, 3 kombuchas (locally made) and a fruit and yogurt parfait because they were out of my favorite morning glory muffin.  Everything is always fresh and the service is excellent.  They even have a hot breakfast menu.  Breakfast burritos and breakfast sandwiches.  The parfait I order today was delicious, it had fresh sliced strawberries and blue berries with plain low fat yogurt and pecan granola.  She even brought it out to me with a spoon.  Cafe Rose is also a great place to people watch!  Character filled neighborhood.Love the combination of a relaxed atmosphere you get in a cafe with the wonderfully mixed drinks that you get in a bar. Overall it's a great place to have a cup of coffee or meet up with friends.Entering this cafe I found it to be a pleasant space with nice, mellow music.  However, once I sat down with a beverage and food, my opinion of the place was dampened.  The coffee was drinkably mediocre and the turkey sandwich was deservedly served on a styrofoam plate. The multigrain bread and spring greens are not enough to make up for the little bit of cheap lunch meat and thin film of cheese, which, *surprise,* is slathered with unannounced mayo and mustard (ick).   This is served with a thin slice of orange rind for a whopping $7.
Just try not to come here desperately starving.By far my favorite coffee shop and breakfast place in New Orleans. Friendly folks behind the counter will try to remember your name and what you like day-to-day. Coffee is strong and the food, including delicious breakfast sandwiches on hearty bagels, is outstanding. This is a bright, relaxing gathering place for artists, musicians, and chatty locals, not a brooding hipsters-with-laptops type place, although many regulars take advantage of the free wi-fi. If I could move within walking distance of Rose Nicaud, life would be perfect.Great place for breakfast during Mardi Gras season. They are quick with their orders and very friendly even when they are bogged down with lots of customers. Try their breakfast burrito. It comes with no frills, but you can add bacon or avocado to give it a little extra. While you are ordering your breakfast, you can also order a Bloody Mary because Cafe Rose Nicaud also has a liquor license. Yay!   The only reason they are getting 4/5 stars is because of the lack of seating. Tough to find a seat, so you might want to get there before the rush or after. Enjoy!Lovely cafe on Frenchmen St. Came in here for breakfast at about 830am and was the only one there. It filled up pretty quick as the morning went on tho. 
I got the rose Benedict, and it was pretty darn good. I loved the flavors of it all, especially when it got down to the portobello mushrooms. What didn't really work as well was the biscuit they were sitting on, it didn't seem that fresh to me. But the dish itself worked overall. 
Topped the meal off with a rose chai latte, delish!We went to Cafe Rose Nicaud because we were staying nearby in the Marigny and wanted a simple breakfast rather than a huge New Orleans breakfast.  The scrambled eggs were good - not overcooked and a huge portion.  They had choices of bread, which is always nice.  It is a casual local spot - there was a big table of older local neighbors catching up over coffee.Love the vibe here. Good food, especially the delicious homemade "jam" which was actually fresh pureed strawberries. Great place to start the day.A friendly, comfortable place to relax for breakfast, lunch, or coffee. I had a delicious jerk chicken sandwich here and ended up staying and relaxing for a while. I came back a few days later to have the jerk chicken again but ended up getting the veggie scramble (also good). Great staff, great food. Go.Such a sweet cafe with great breakfast sandwiches. There are a bunch of veg options and the menu is quite accommodating. I went in for Easter brunch and it was absolutely lovely eating outside and people watching. I love this side of town, the houses are so gorgeous.Excellent option for breakfast. Had the southern breakfast with alligator sausage. The rosemary grits are right on the point. Had a ginger limeade which hit the spot very refreshing and awakening great alternate to a coffee in the morning. My girlfriend had the Rose Benedict which is the signature dish for this quaint spot. That as well was very delightful. Everything was cooked spot on. I'd definitely come back again.But, why are the croissants gone?!  
A great little spot just off a popular nighttime block, Cafe Rose Nicaud is just darling! You can usually tell that a place is both fresh and delicious when what you want has run out by the time you order. As disappointing as it might have been, my egg sandwich was just as good on their nutty wheat toast as it would have been on a croissant. And the coffee? I would have exceeded my normal cup dosage to a whopping 4 cups if they would have allowed it.The young lady at the counter was hyper and condescending.  To everyone that ordered - local and tourist alike. It took a half hour for a carry out and there were only four tables and three of them already had food. The cook basically threw my carry out bag at me.  Incredibly expensive for what we got.   Never againThere were lots of lovely looking treats and fine coffee.  I was disappointed when our scone got microwaved and turned into a rock! The three layer cake, though, THAT was awesome.This place is a gem and provides a break from other crowded touristy options. Good food, good service, definitely can't complain. We had the Rose Benedict with alligator sausage, jerk chicken, and iced rose chai latte. All worth trying, and recommended to me in the reviews below.Great little coffee place and light lunch. I've never had an unpleasant experience and by that I mean the staff and locals who frequent the place. With the staff you almost feel like you're asking a family member or friend for a cup of coffee. Food is good, fresh and priced well.Great spot for breakfast or brunch..Mimosas on deck! I ordered the tofu scramble with olives and onions mixed in. I eat a lot of tofu, but I've never had it like this before. It's cooked well and doesn't taste plain at all. Served along side toast and strawberry preserves.
The decor is eclectic as well as the girl behind the counter! And I love how you can express yourself, your business freely with its own unique style here in New Orleans!!The food is delicious and the coffee for me was great. The service is a little slow but the food is made to order so worth the wait.We were searching for a quick, easy but delicious breakfast while in town, and this place was PERFECT. Their avacado toast was the best I've ever had (red onions, cucumbers and sweet chili sauce were great additions), and we'd definitely recommend this place!This place had everything going against it. Long line, limited seating, urban hipster clientele, a girl with a really annoying voice sitting next to me. Think Fran Drescher sucking on helium. But I'm happy to say, it held its own against all odds. I fell in love with the blackberry lemonade, sans alcohol of course. I devoured the rose benedict, and I enjoyed the free wifi. I think this place is worth the long walk from the overly touristy area of Bourbon street.BEST breakfast burrito I've had in forever. So creamy so good and the fresh squeezed orange juice. My sis and I are so happyStopped in here for a low-key and reputably delicious breakfast on our last trip to NOLA. Very cute, laid-back, no fuss interior. While crowded, the line moved easily and we were seated and ready to grub within 5 or so minutes. 
   I ordered the breakfast burrito with sausage and an iced mocha. Breakfast burrito was stuffed full of real, fluffy, flavorful eggs and juicy sausage. The pico really brought it all home for me - 4.5 stars.The iced mocha... dear God. I never wanted it to end! By far one of the best iced mochas I have ever tasted, I was sad when it was all gone.
  Hubby got the southern breakfast and gave it rave reviews... he loved the cheesy grits! One point worth mentioning is the homemade biscuit and either home made or locally made strawberry preserves. Whole slices of strawberries and this INCREDIBLE strawberry glaze/liquid pooled on the biscuit and dripped down the sides - it was TOO good. 
   I miss this place and vow to return anytime I am in town. I can't wait to try some of their other menu items - those around us seemed to really enjoy everything they ordered as well.Excellent food & service! Visited four days in a row for breakfast and tried something different each day. Breakfast burrito & tofu scramble were awesome, pastries very fresh and fruit salad filled with berries. Lots of locals as well, good people watching. Full espresso bar.Excellent service and food, lots of breakfast and lunch options and affordable prices.I had a yummy tofu scramble here. They also have vegan muffins, cookies and brownies. The people are really friendly and there is tons of room to chill out. Really cute place. Looked like they had good vegan sandwiches too.I'm a local but this was my first time here with a friend who was visiting. The food was fantastic and the customer service was spot on. Although it was our first time, it was very easy to figure out how everything works. I will definitely be back to explore the menu.It was our last vacation day in NOLA. Since myself and my daughter were eating heavy but delicious southern food throughout the city. It was time to get back on track by eating healthy.
I stumbled across this lovely cafe and was happy I did so. I ordered avocado toast and a hibiscus ice tea. My daughter ordered eggs with rosemary organic grits and alligator sausage (yes alligator).  The food was light, filling and healthy (not heavy nor greasy).  There were other items I wanted to try (homemade granola and fruit, baked goods and breakfast salad, fresh squeezed juices, etc).  I choose to go with the avocado toast. Service was good. You walk up to the counter, order and the food is brought out to the table by the server. It's a simple cute cafe in Mariginy (Frenchman St area).  Service was good, the staff was nice and prices very reasonble for healthy food items.Had the southern breakfast...very good...the alligator sausage was great...wasn't a fan of the strawberry preserve...but the restaurant is nice and staff is friendly...order your food first then take a seat ( important to know )Wonderful. Coffee is perfect, service is quick and the Rose Benedict was the best dish I had all trip and we went to Coop's, Commander's Palace and Coquette so that's saying something.While in New Orleans I walked by this place several times in the evenings and decided to try it. Went in for breakfast before leaving town and really enjoyed it. Love the atmosphere, the staff, and the art on the walls. Great getaway from the Quarter too. I had the breakfast burrito and a side of yellow grits. Very good.Great place! Good amount of sitting room, lots of plugs along the walls by the windows if you're willing to share a round table with others. Sharing a round table means getting to know some locals, as an added perk. Got the veggie scrambler, and it was just right. Toast to go with it and some chai made for a very tasty brunch.
This is what I was looking for as a visitor in town who needed a place to go and work on my computer for several hours, with free wifi. Calm, casual place that's away from the crowds and where the staff seems comfortable with paying guests sitting around to get some work done.Wow this is my 300th review! I'd try to think of something profound to write, but it's after midnight. Sorry!
Cafe Rose Nicaud in the Marigny was a short walk from our French Quarter hotel and out of the main tourist zone. That meant friendly neighborhood service and fair prices. Like many other New Orleans breakfast/brunch places, it's order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. 
Cappuccino came in 3 sizes. Thank you for XL! Rose Nicaud's relaxed morning pace was New Orleans Big Easy. We were not rushed from our table.
I enjoyed the Southern Breakfast which came with scrambled eggs, rosemary cheese grits and alligator sausage. I chose bread instead of a Southern biscuit since I'm not a big fan of them. Nothing jumped out at me as memorable. Ha, the alligator sausage was memorable! It was spiced and juicy but not greasy. I was surprised the alligator sausage was so tasty compared to deep fried bits. This was the day after we saw alligators on the swamp tour. Hakuna Matata.Great espresso drinks, tasty muffins and cozy neighborhood vibe; glad we stopped in x 2 on our weekend trip to Nola!In the city of New Orleans, especially in the french quarter and the surrounding areas, you would be hard pressed to find food that isn't wonderful if not exceptional,
This place serves to be wonderful and quaint in a small and comfortable but spacious restaurant. The menu is a wide assortment of breakfast parfaits, fruit, full southern breakfasts, sandwiches and an assorted drink selection. The coffee they have is both from Nicaragua and the decaf is a french roast. 
When I arrived here, being slightly hungover and hungry from the Mardi Gras festivities the night before, my contentment rose from a failing 13% to 105% from the southern breakfast, sparkling water and orange juice. Changing out the bacon for Alligator was a great choice. The tables are intimate, but with enough space in between them to have comfortable seating, as well as a wide window and out door seating for Frenchman Street music and people watching. All in all,
It was a great experience, the food was wonderful, the waitresses and waiters were
Friendly and welcoming and the service was--a little slow--but not enough to be minded as an inconvenience by myself and the group I was with.This restaurant is out of the tourist area, so if you want something a little more quiet, it's a plus. However, I probably wouldn't return, as there are a few other restaurants in the area that I prefer. 
Atmosphere: quiet, quaint, locals, dog friendly sidewalk seating area. This is order at the counter style. The menus are hand written on the wall. There are a handful of breakfast options with descriptions. My only complaint here is that it's hard to read the small print if your eyes are slightly less than 20/20. 
Food: I had the southern breakfast, with alligator meat sausage. The sausage was great. The scrambled eggs and grits were ok, just very bland. I did what I could with salt and hot sauce. The sourdough bread was just ok. The pastry was good, but not the best. 
Service: all workers were friendly, but the food was slow to come out to the table, ~20 minutes. 
Overall, I think a few changes could be made to make this restaurant great.I am giving this place one star only because the Iced Mocha was sweet enough for me to enjoy. The customer Service was horrid the girl at the counter seemed to not even be excited to working there or that she had a job. She didn't seem to know anything about the food items or had a smug attitude when asked about certain food items. I'm pretty easygoing-loud laughing gal but this was just unacceptable. I gave her tip only because it seemed like she needed something to cheer up her day. I ordered a deluxe grilled cheese with wheat bread and got a disgusting sandwich ( which you can't fuck up a grilled cheese, yet somehow they did!) It is an example of a lack of listening skills and caring about what the customer requested. I then tried to call several times to speak with a manager and the line was busy for over an hour-absolutely disappointing and I must say for me disturbing.OWNER OF THIS BUSINESS, LISTEN UP:
You are not being represented well. Your server taking orders got several wrong in a party of four, including getting one person's order wrong twice. She was not apologetic, focused on making the customer wrong and overshadowed your delicious food. I ordered the Rose Benedict with garlic mayo on the side with alligator sausage. The order, while delicious, was lukewarm, the mayo was not on the side and there was no alligators sausage. I stood in line with my plate and ate my breakfast standing to avoid it getting any colder, waiting my turn to let your employee know about the error. By the time I got to the counter, my meal was finished. She stated I did not ask for the sausage, nor did she charge for it. Unfortunately, she did not give a receipt to anyone in our party so we don't know that to be true. She asked me if I wanted to pay for the sausage now and that it would arrive several orders down the line. 
There was no apology and nor offer to comp the sausage now that my breakfast was already completed. 
I strongly recommend some customer service training for your employee.Went here for a late breakfast/lunch. The food was very good, however I was a little disappointed by the portion size. Got the funky chicken sandwich and a mimosa. The sandwich was delicious but I was still hungry after. The mimosa was 5.50 for a little plastic cup of oj and Champaign. Needed some more depth or presentation because I was not impressed. All in all spent ~16 bucks on a  breakfast, albeit a tasty one, that I was still hungry afterwards. In that sense I think it is a little overpriced.We stopped in for a drink and quick bite after a tipsy afternoon. The service was wonderful. We each had a pastry and we split an iced chai latte. My pear and brie tart was rich and flavorful, and my husband's strawberry banana tart was flaky and gooey. He's not normally one for sweets but he raved about it. We will definitely have to swing by next time we're in town.Peanut Butter Jelly, banana & honey on 9 grain toast was good.  Quiche of the day was sad.  Place is cute, tables on the sidewalk.  They could greet their guest with a smile & a hello.This was a great experience! We looked for something that didn't have a long wait for a late breakfast and this place was perfect. I tried the Rose Benedict and it was delicious and incredible. The staff was kind and service was great. I will definitely be a new regular at this quaint little cafe in the heart of the Marigny.Breakfast burrito and sausage were amazing and very fresh fruit salad.  Excellent!!  Wish I wasn't over 1k miles away now so I could go again tomorrow.  The tofu scramble I was told was good, but not as good as Amy's from the grocery store.  Since someone else in our group had it I can't say for sure, but just wanted to mention it. We only drank coffee, so I can't speak to the other drinks, but coffee was good.  A real bonus location on Frenchmen Street.Great relaxed coffee bar and breakfast/ lunch joint... Good food, affordable prices... Funky chill atmosphere. Bus your own tables. Great neighborhood hangout. Eggs were delicious but a little bit cold. They get a bit overwhelmed on busy mornings.but the coffee is fab!Stopped in during a quick trip down Frenchmen Street. Didn't get what we ordered exactly but had to be going so we ate our grilled cheese with cheddar without comment. They were decent. Nothing spectacular but they were one of the cheapest items on the menu so didn't expect much. Just disappointed they couldn't get such a simple order correct. I recommend if you come here be very explicit in making your order. Other than that, nice cheap eats.Not a bad place - tried for the first time. Good vibes, good atmosphere. Took a while to walk here from where we're staying but nice walk thru city. A lil seedy - might be nervous at night.
Update: the alligator sausage is off the hoooook good!!! Be sure to order the Rose Benedict!!!!Great little café - plenty of seating. We didn't try the food but did get their two drink specials - the coffee was good but the rose chai latte was worth returning again and again for.Quick review : Cafe Rose Nicaud delivers a perfectly adequate meal in a quaint, charming setting on Frenchman, a street worth exploring both during the day and at night for visitors to NOLA. Prices are very reasonable, under $10 for an entrée and a drink. 
Details :
If you'd like a relaxing breakfast/brunch experience in a location away from the mainstream tourism of New Orleans, Cafe Rose Nicaud is a great option! 
We visited on a weekday morning, and it was busy (always a good sign for a restaurant) but we had no trouble grabbing a table. You order at the counter and then select your seating.
My boyfriend went with the Southern Breakfast, scrambled eggs, grits, bacon and biscuit combo, and I selected the Sweet Southern, scrambled eggs, roasted potatoes, avocado slices and biscuit. They forgot to include jam/butter to dress my biscuit (which was slightly burnt on the top), really no matter as my boyfriend shared his. Potatoes and eggs were average, and they gave me half an avocado which was a nice surprise.
Also, to reiterate what seems to pop up in quite a few reviews, it takes quite some time for the food to come out. They only had one guy in the kitchen and one young lady taking orders/serving food, so if you're looking for a quick meal this might not be the best option.
Overall, a very nice experience! 4 stars for the fact that a couple aspects of the meal could be improved and the wait time to receive food is a long one.Walked across town for Dinner. They decided to close early because it was raining- very disappointing!Overall: Just an average brunch spot. Seemed to be the best option in the area for it.
The good: The counter service was very friendly. Plenty of options to choose from. The biscuits were awesome. Portions are decent size. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed and they play good music.
The bad: The food took a loong time to come out, and it also came out at various times (some came out, then the rest of the party still had to wait). On the more expensive side for what you get. No free refills on coffee or anything. No service after ordering. Most of the food was average.
Atmosphere: 8/10
Service: 7/10
Food: 7/10Great place with a cool interior to wait out the hottest part of the day, if you're caught in the heat after naively wandering miles away from your hotel room while unthinkingly exploring Frenchmen St during daylight hours. If you're lucky you might meet some friendly locals who'll give you some tips on where to go next!Organic , and fresh strong coffee made to ur liking - perfect ! 
Order at the counter and the chef brings out your meal to the table 
The place is clean and the staff are so nice , 
My rose egg benedict was so perfect , 
I added alligator sausage to my meal , which  u have to try- one of the best sausage I have tasted in a long time ; a most  
I also tried their pear and Brie cheese tart and a mushroom and brie tart both were excellent .
Only con  I can say is perhaps they can  heat up their tarts  in a toaster oven Vs a microwave .
But regardless everything I tried tasted was  fresh and tasty , 
But,  most of all their coffee is perfect . 
 Also , the young woman behind the counter ( I forgot her name )  is beautiful and a very sweet person. 
So go enjoy a great cup of coffee  with some friends .great staff that was busting her butt to take care of the counter. food came out fast and not over done. Jelly was delicious. had to pick up some baked goods for later they looked and tasted so good. By far the best biscuit i had in NOLA.Very good breakfast place! Nice espresso, cappuccino and granola. Service a bit slow though. But a good alternative to the places in the French Quarter. Nice to have Yelp to find those!Looked clean and quant. It had curb appeal so we came in for a bite. Very detailed menu of items but limited selection.They don't cater to customers for anything except for what is on the menu which is fine but they don't cater to egg styles either.. over medium is not an option. There is no making your own simple sandwich. 5 of us (a group I am traveling with) walked in at separate times and 5 of us walked out and bought nothing. It was very disturbing to see how perplexed the cashier was about customizing an order and how she said it was hard to customize when we were the only people ordering. I do not recommend we walked up to Decatur and ate wellFirst off this is on Frenchman St which is where the locals go for amazing music. This place has some good pizza and other bar foods but the bands that they have play here are top notch. I highly recommend that anyone coming to the city come check this place out. 
Right now I am listing to some great live music that is a regular here and plays everything from classic rock to contemporary. Oh and if that isn't enough they have a brass band sound and they do play some of the greats of that genre. Why aren't you here yet?There were four of us staying on Esplanade and we were looking for breakfast/brunch restaurant within walking distance. We had a fantastic experience at Cafe Rose Nicaud. There is a huge beverage selection, as well as unique and delicious breakfast food. I will need to stop back for lunch.Besides the fact I was determined to love Cafe Rose Nicaud based on the name alone, it lived up to my expectations. Here we have the perfect bustling little homey cafe on Frenchman with good coffee and what appear to be tasty light bites (I'll have to, uh, bite next time). 
Don't count on there being available outlets, though, which is bummer for those of us annoying laptop folk. It's good to know for those lazy afternoons when you have time (or make it) to read an actual *book* or come with a RL friend or two for a meeting over cawfee. Sweet sidewalk space for people-watching too. All the trappings of a bygone era. Cafe Rose Nicaud, I'm on to you and thanks for making workaholics and tech whores stop and smell the...roses!Cafe Rose reminds me of coffee houses in Williamsburg or the West Village of New York. If you are luck enough to be able to hang out with your laptop all morning sipping tea and chatting with the locals, this is the place to do it. The service is very understated and polite. The food is decent and the place is comfortable enough to gather your thoughts before you head out for a day of sightseeing and/ or drinking. It is infinitely better than a Starbucks even if the prices are pretty much the same.
Have fun.
GAmazing breakfast spot on Frenchman St. Good prices, great food. Get the Rose Benedict with bacon & gator sausage - it's a great combo. 
Great coffee, bloody Mary's and beer. 
CheersI only stopped here for some hot tea but I wish I had found it sooner. This is a great little coffee shop with what looks like an awesome selection of salads and friendly service. Great place to spend the day working/reading or just for a quick pause from walking around on Frenchman.Food was great! I would have gave it a 5 star but I thought it could have been a little cleaner. I would still recommend it because it was nice to get out of tourist area. Service was good but they do charge for tea refills which I think is bogus.This place is so delicious and welcoming, my girlfriend and I ate there three days in a row. We showed up one day a few minutes after the kitchen closed; the cook opened back up again to make us salads--kale and microgreens--which were large, fresh, and delicious. Sitting outside, we met a number of locals and at least three amiable labs who frequent this spot, all of whom welcomed us.The Rose Benedict was amazing !! The carmelized onions set this dish over the moon! 
The Breakfast burrito with Alligator Sausage was super good too! 
Very kind Barista and Cook ! 
We had the Ginger Limeade (too sweet for us , not good in the HUMID weather )Super tasty food and great prices. Saturday and Sunday happy hour with $5 Bloody Marys. Enjoyed the southern breakfast with alligator sausage, yummy grits and a biscuit. Also had the breakfast salad which was perfect after a few days of fried food and beer. We liked it so much we went back the next day. Traveling with a four month old baby and found this place very baby friendly. Small bathrooms without changing tables was the only downside.Came here for brunch with a group of 10. Understandably, the barista seemed flustered but also went out of her way to be rude to each member of my group. 
3 of our orders were incorrect and a fourth was completely forgotten. When we asked for an update on the forgotten platter, the girl actually had the audacity to yell at one of us. 
There's definitely a strong anti-tourist vibe at this cafe, which is fine! As a Philly native, I understand neighborhood favorites being leery of unfamiliar visitors and patrons from out-of-town. But this was flat out unacceptable. 
My group was polite and accommodating. We would have to waited 2x longer for our food if a meant having a more pleasant experience but the manner of this barista left a terrible taste in our mouths and frankly, scared us away from other establishments known for being "loved by locals."Bloody rose was good not too spicy, but we had to ask for an extra shot as it was not strong at all. Southern breakfast was a good selection.  Rose Benedict had potential with some  good flavors going on, but needed salt....a lot of salt. As for the  gumbo... Skip it it was very bland and more like a beef stew. Ok place for a light breakfast before starting your day in NOLAOne of my favorite meeting spots as it is a lively joint but doesn't get overly crowded. One note - we didn't love the butter croissant, but I have had delicious muffins there. Staff is very upbeat and nice. Closes pretty early - have stopped by a few times in the afternoon and was disappointed to find it locked up :(This place needs to change it's hours to show they end at 2pm. This place is not a fan of food service after 1:30pm. I walked in and politely asked if they were still taking orders.. next thing I know, Homeboy Slim behind the counter starts talking to me like i'm in a prison yard barber shop. 
Get the hell out of here with that weak shit. If you can't handle the service industry and act professionally, get your ass on the street.Visiting NOLA, in the neighborhood and saw the reviews. If you are gluten free, one word for you: magical. Amazing food, great drinks (gotta do the Spirits and Coffee) - makes you alert and creative at the same time!I've passed by a million times, but in a rush to find sustenance, I finally decided to pop in. The place is exceptionally clean (particularly for Frenchman street) and has a nice relaxed atmosphere. 
 The sandwiches that I've tried have all been really good and the staff has been great as well.  
 The seem to offer wifi (there were people working quietly all around me on laptops), which makes this an ideal place to grab a bite and connect.The morning coffee was burned -- a result of pouring water that is too hot on dry coffee grinds, leaving a scorched earth taste. Luckily, you can find well prepared coffee at a number of places nearby.Yesterday we ate at The Ruby Slipper yesterday and LOVED it.  They were first place with delicious food and a great and friendly staff.  We chose Cafe Rose Nicaud because it opened earlier in the morning and we were taking a road trip.  The girl who took our order wasn't very friendly or helpful when asked if we could sit anywhere and where to order.   Apparently you have to walk to the counter to order and they bring your food to the table. Considering we were the only ones in the restaurant this would have been useful information so we didn't stand near the door waiting to be seated.  
Once we received our food I found a hair under my Rose Benedict after the first cut.  When I took it back to the counter and told the girl the cook walked over, asked the problem, looked at the offending hair, grabbed my plate and walked away.  It took 20 minutes to get my new order and that is the main reason the review is getting 3 stars.  It was delicious, unique blending of ingredients and presentation was awesome.  My friend thought the breakfast burrito was bland and the pico de gallo funny tasting with the red onion overpowering.  The cafe au lait was watery and I dumped it out and picked up a new one at The Ruby Slipper on the walk home.
No one ever came by to check on us or see if we needed anything once our plates were set down on the table.I absolutely loved this place.  New Orleans is not generally known for great vegan/vegetarian options, but this place is loaded with them, and with as much variety as you will find anywhere in the United States.  
Yes, they serve breafast, but that's not why we came, and that's not what we enjoyed.  We cme for lunch, and had the best lunch yet during our stay in the French Quarter.  
I had the "Greek Wrap," and my wife had the Soup of the Moment -"Carrot Ginger" soup.  
The Greek wrap was pretty much a Greek salad in a wrap, and served with potato chips.  It was a perfect, light lunch.  Everything was incredible fresh, crisp, and delicious.  I sprinkled mine with Tabasco sauc, but there was Crystal sauce on the table, too.  To top it all off, I had a Kombucha from the cooler case.  Who would expect to find good Kombucha in New Oreans?
The homemade soup my wife had was just as good as any she makes herself at home, but especially healthy and delicious.  The texture was perfect, and the flavors were nicely balanced.  All in all, a very satisfying, healty, and nutritious meal.  
I'm finding more and more that the real New Orleans is further down the river on Frenchmen Street in the Fauborg Marigny.  The music down there is more authentic, the people are more authentic, and the variety of food is more "real," with more fresh, healthy options.  In addition to this restaurant, Mona's is right up the street serving Mediterranean food, and Sukho Thai is a short walk away serving Asian Fusion.  If you go to New Orleans, take my advice and step out of the Quarter to the down river side, and enjoy some real, local variety down on Frenchman Street. (Not to far from these restaurants are two more I like located just next to the French Market - Louisiana Pizza Kitchen, and Gato Negro)A coffee oasis in a desert of beer and liquor! 
Service wasn't ideal, but it's a cute place to hang and grab a cup of coffee or fresh meal. My ice coffee definitely tasted like it had some form of sweetner added, but it was cool and tasty just the same.Great muffins. Not great coffee. Poor espresso. We followed a couple of locals here after we all found Kahve Royale closed. Nice to get over the border while still walkable from the quarter.  But I would keep trying Kahve, even if they fly mostlyunder the radar.A welcome, low-key relief for brunch or any meal. They don't skimp on the delicious details (I enjoyed the Rose Benedict, an awesome twist on the traditional version), and it's a real pleasure having your coffee and reading the paper amongst locals. Big groups of old friends gather here. It's a good vibe. And super great for the price.One of my favorite coffee shops. They have a huge round table away from all the others and that's where sit and work. It's never over-crowded, always just right. Internet is never flakey. Staff is super friendly. They serve full meals and beer in addition to coffee and tea. Overall it's a clean shop. AND they do a happy hour from 3-6PM. NICE!On a last-hour sweep of the French Quarter before leaving New Orleans, I decided to walk down Frenchman Street to take some pictures and find a coffee house. I found this place by accident, and decided to give it a try. It was one of the best decision I made while out there.
It was warm inside and relaxed, with folk and indie-rock music playing lightly over the sounds of cups clanking and people talking. The lovable staff knew their regulars. I got a cup of coffee, a slice of pecan pie, and a smile from the pretty girl working behind the counter.
The pie was excellent. The coffee went well with it, too. It was like desert after breakfast. I would have stayed their longer, but I had a train to catch for El Paso later that day, and I only had so much time to see the area.I went back post tattoo sesh and got the jerk chicken wrap. It was as good as everyone said. My only complaint is this place is pricey. Like $10/11 for a sandwich/wrap!This became our regular breakfast stop during our NOLA vacation. Terrific coffee, muffins, egg dishes--you name it. Cosy, bright ambience. Loved the photographs exhibited while we were there.One week, five (maybe more...?) trips to Cafe Rose Nicaud.  Friends and I were staying at a house in the French Quarter and Cafe Rose became our/my breakfast spot.  Though the service on our first stop in was a little sketchy (the cashier/barista gal was not exactly the friendliest), breakfast spoke for itself.  
The service on that first day was a little less friendly than one would want at a breakfast cafe, yes, BUT it did improve over the course of the week considerably (our first stop in was relatively early on a Sunday morning).  I noticed the same faces in the cafe day after day, and can see why: the atmosphere, the music, the food all made me go back day after day (including days where I really just wanted to stay in bed until 3pm).  I made a "usual" of grapefruit juice and the yogurt parfait, but also grabbed the banana bread when it was available because IT. IS. AMAZING!  I still have dreams of this banana bread.  The prices were mildly high, but no higher than I see at cafes here at home in TO.  
If you find yourself in Nola, either permanently or vacay, I strongly suggest to check out Cafe Rose Nicaud.  I even more strongly suggest making a full meal of that banana break... *especially* if you happen to be blessed enough to walk in when they have chocolate chip banana break.If you are looking for a local spot to have a quick bite and be on your way, this is the place to go! You order at the counter, the menu is conveniently on the chalkboard wall and on the counter. The place has the local charm all travelers love to experience. I ordered the sweet southern breakfast and my friend had the breakfast sandwich, both were really good and decently priced. The staff was friendly and the food was ready in about 5 minutes!! (There were only two other tables when we arrived but still!)The food is delicious and staff is nice. The Rose Benedict is a good portion size, but otherwise the portions here are on the smaller side. Also very expensive; I spent about $15 on breakfast without any sides or drinks. On Yelp, it had a one dollar sign, so we chose this restaurant, but it is definitely more expensive than that. Also there are SO MANY flies in here. Was a struggle to get through the meal, peacefully.This was my last stop for Mardi Gras yesterday.  It has a great coffee house atmosphere. I have always enjoyed hanging out there. I should have held out for the Moroccan soup here or falafel from Mona's instead of getting a hotdog from Molly's. There is nothing wrong with a hotdog, of course, but the soup or falafel would have been so much better! Oh, well, my cup of organic earl grey cleared my head and warmed me up.Another fantastic breakfast. This was the only place I found gluten-free bread the whole trip (gluten-free anything, really....) so I loved my egg and cheese sandwich. The fruit bowl is really expensive but after several days of eating heavy, I was happy to pay $6+ to eat something fresh. The coffee is great. My husband really liked the rosemary cheese grits. Will be back.Please go elsewhere.  I frequently went to this cafe for over a year, and it saddens me to finally have to take my business away from a local shop, but due to the indifferent service and attitudes, and a penny pinching approach to management, I will not be returning and recommending that others do not as well.  Just today, when I ordered a full breakfast and a latte, they refused to give me a glass of water to have with breakfast and coffee(!) insisting that we buy bottles of water instead, rang up the wrong prices, and I found not one, but two, hairs in my food.  These little moments would be forgivable if it was just an off-day, but sadly, this was not.  I've tried to look past issues like this with this cafe for over a year, but I am tired of being disappointed with the service and uneasy with the inconsistent quality.  There are plenty of other options in the area, such as Cake Cafe, Orange Couch or even Ruby Slipper, and I will be going those locations from now on and advise that if you're in the area you do the same.If you love unique creations, then this is the spot for you. I had the Rose Benedict. Party in my mouth, only invite for a short period of time (meaning you can have a bite of my plate but THATS IT!!!) Bomb.com is all I have to say. I also had the ginger lemon fade cooler. I wish you could see me fanning my face right now. DELISH!!!The food in New Orleans is second to none. All that rich, carb laden food can swell my heart (and my waistline) That being said, I had the most amazing salad at Cafe Rose Nicaud!  Chicken, red grapes, blue cheese, candied walnuts and home made croutons on a fresh greens salad with a delicate house dressing was perfection! The environment is welcoming and friendly. A great treat on Frenchman Street before all the clubs start hopping!I hesitate to write this review because I don't want everyone to know how fantastic their breakfast is. Then again, if they close before I get back to NOLA, I would be crushed! We had all but given up on gator sausage and then hit Rose's place for their Southern breakfast special- so glad we did! Their version was flavorful and savory. The biscuits were fresh and perfect in every way, served with a side of pineapple jelly, it's a taste combination not to be missed. The best in all of this was the generous serving of traditional rosemary infused cheesy grits. These are sure to satisfy any early morning craving even of your morning starts well after noon. 
This is the place the locals go and for very good reason- its cheap and serves excellent food, coffee and tea with a smile.their grits are not like the typical ones in NOLA ive noticed,. they are rosemary grits. which i was into, not gonna lie. they are refreshing and unique. the bloody mary hit the spot too, i was a little shocked about that but it was delicious.Worth the walk from the Quarter. It took a little longer than I expected, but it was all very good. Nice to have a good coffee somewhere in NOLA. It was a good deal and I liked the place a lot. Alligator sausage was a fine local addition to a breakfast.One of my favorite cafes in the city. Used to come here after school for a croissant, and I try to come by every time I'm back in town. Good coffee and food and they also serve beer and wine. Great location as well as there aren't many coffee shops on Frenchmen or in the immediate area. I love croissants so much.I absolutely LOVE this place! I've had a chance to meet the owners and their spot is a reflection of the cool, great and peaceful energy they bring. And the food and coffee is good too! ;)Stopped in here for breakfast this morning and it was excellent! 
I love huevos rancheros enough that any combination of eggs/salsa/cheese will please me, but I do have a favorite style and Rose Nicaud nailed it.  
Great art work on the walls, friendly staff, and casual location.A really well-situated place with excellent coffee and meh food. It's a bit of a tourist trap. You can find much better quality if you take a 15-minute walk to Treme.I really like this place. The food is very good and the atmosphere is really cozy without feeling crowded. I don't get over there very often but when I do I'm never disappointed.Great little place, warm, friendly service, quick stop here for coffee, NOTE: when ordering a cappuccino ask for no foam, you a good cup but half of it is just foam.
It also has a variety of muffins.Got the rose chai which really was yummy, despite it being a box chai mix. The rose water makes this drink a hit! The rose Benedict was def one of the best things I've ever seen eaten. Every layer, from the grits, biscuit, tomato, avocado, egg, dusting or cheese and basil - had AMAZING flavor!!! Seriously EAT THIS. 
My only issue was the service was meh - they gave me the wrong order first (I cut into what was obviously alligator sausage which comes on the original version, but I don't swing that way). They kind of just rolled their eyes and when the cook brought The correct one out to me, I could see he reused the box the other one had been in. It was messy and clearly not done with care.Was very excited to try this cafe which is listed as open till 6 but when I went in at 3:30 they said the kitchen was already closedCame here for breakfast a few times during my visit, as it was only a few blocks from my friends' house. Nice atmosphere. Tasty food. A bit pricey imo, but given the somewhat more "upscale" element it had in its cuisine, I guess that's not surprising. 
As a raised northerner, I've never understood the whole grits thing, but the rosemary grits here converted me. Having some extra flavor in addition to salt-pepper-butter made them go from "fine but just another butter delivery method" to "wow! yummy!" But maybe that's just because I'm partial to rosemary. :-)fine breakfast. nothing over the top or particularly memorable. i has a slice of the quiche of the day which was tasty, but it was warmed up via microwave and was still cold in the middle when served to me.My new favorite thing is the Greek Wrap. Hot, healthy & delish. Whenever I'm in town I make it a point to stop by for coffee and the Greek Wrap, and other things. Love their location and the feel of being in a real neighborhood with locals, although it seems to be getting more popular with tourists. 
I took the street car one morning from the Arts District all the way to the Marigny just for the Greek Wrap, but was told they did not have them for breakfast, only lunch. That's my only complaint, have them available all day! Again, love the place.My friends and I ducked into Cafe Rose Nicaud looking for a bit to eat before the Krewe du Vieux and Krewe Delusion parades down the street. Because of the large parade crowds on Frenchman that night, the cafe had an abbreviated menu but my friends and I enjoyed the sandwiches and drinks we had before the parade. I had a tuna salad sandwich and a coffee. I never would have thought about adding capers to a tuna sandwich but it was tasty and I ordered the coffee because it was a cold night but the coffee was quite flavorful. One of my friends had the jerk chicken sandwich and said that it was good but a bit spicy for her palette. Staff was friendly and dealt with the long food line efficiently and with good cheer. 
This is the kind of warm, inviting place I would return to to try other menu items.The egg sandwich I ordered was decent, but a little pricey for a breakfast item.  The problem with this place was that it was too cool.  There were hipsters everywhere, and hippies.  Why don't they just go occupy something and let me eat in peace without having to listen to how they were into Arcade Fire before they went mainstream?  
I'm not saying that the days of not allowing people into restaurants were good, they were very horrible.  But maybe we should have signs outside of restaurants that say they are an establishment that does not serve hipster tools.  I know that would have made my sandwich taste less like the "second-hand smug" that was wafting over to my table.My bf and I came here for brunch one day during our stay in New Orleans, after reading a review of the rose benedict. It definitely lived up to the hype. The cafe is small and kitsch, the coffee is delicious! They use locally roasted stuff. We split the benedict with rosemary grits, alligator sausage, avocado, portabella, and fried eggs. Holy SH*T the girl back there can cook. Flavors were delicious and it filled both of us up for several hours. Looking forward to a return visit next time we're in town.Being new to New Orleans from New England I have found it difficult to find healthier cafes with vegetarian options as well.  When I discovered this earthy crunchy sounding menu I was pretty excited.  However, the service was pretty bad.  I ordered the Rose Benedict, which came sunnyside up.  I asked to have the eggs cooked over easy instead, and was told that was not possible, that I could have them either "how they came or scrambled."  I got scrambled because I do not like raw egg.  The girl behind the register had her hair down, which was unclean not to mention a health code violation.  The place was also rampant with flies.  While we were ordering two more customers came in and the girl said "oh great, more people.."  She was clearly unhappy to be working that day.  I have worked in food service since high school, including 2 cafe's, and have never had such an attitude in front of customers.  I also find it hard to believe that they couldn't just flip the sunnyside egg over one time to make it over-easy...pretty lazy.  I was actually upset that my bf even tipped them.  Then our breakfast took about a half hour and was served cold.  Decent sounding menu, but this place needs to re-staff a bit.  It only gets two stars for the free wi fi.This was the biggest culinary upset of our weekend in NOLA. I ordered the tofu jerk sandwich. The tofu was soft and not at all the texture or consistency that would make for a tasty tofu sandwich. It also seemed slimy and just coated in a pepper mixture. The cheese grits were bland, biscuit was dry and lacking flavor, the gator bacon was actually sausage. The service was poor, including the woman who took our order who was rude (another first for an otherwise incredible weekend in NOLA). I ate less than half the sandwich before throwing it out and going to another tastier establishment down the street.Friendly staff, beautiful paintings and photography and the best iced coffee I've ever had (coming from Seattle that is really saying something). We'll be back every day of our trip!I came here for lunch before my tattoo sesh next door at electric ladyland. I got the portabello sandwich and it was delicious. The olive tapenade gave it a great saltiness but it wasn't overbearing. I'll probably eat here again after my session is over. :-) yum.Delicious breakfast!! The Bulletproof coffee they make is AH-MAZING! Can't wait to go back!Great breakfast and lunch spot.  Order at the counter and grab a table.  Everything prepared to order and delicious.  Many locals at the tables which is always a good sign.Great variety of items on the menu. Also lots of vegetarian choices!  Coffees, teas and bottles or cans of craft beer round out the selection. Breakfast is served all day, lunch starts at noon. As tourists traveling on foot, this was a welcome find. You won't be disappointed!We came here on our last day of vacation for breakfast. It was a quaint little cafe with a very nice staff that served espresso (really good) and fresh veggie options. We both had the eggs benedict-hubby had it with alligator sausage and mine was veggie. SO good. The biscuits were flaky and amazing, and the plates were loaded with avocado, portabello mushies, eggs, biscuits and even a little grits on the side. Nice ambience, great little spot.Thought we happened on a secret find.... ordered the Rose Benedict BFast and my wife had the coconut Thai soup and a regular sweet potato salad... After eating we discussed all the recommendations and great reviews. 
Light, tasty and it felt like love and local care were mixed in. Far cry from the tourist PO Boys and Hurricane shops!
Our best find by far in NOLA. Cannot wait to come back!We had a great breakfast here.  It's a nice local's place.  The coffee was great and we loved the food.  The alligator sausage was yummy.  Would certainly recommend it to anyone.My husband got the Southern Breakfast, which he really enjoyed. He added the alligator sausage, which he said was nice and spicy. I got the Rose Benedict. It was a tad bit cold, but they put it in the oven for a bit. It was still good.The coffee is delicious. Hints of chocolate sneak through each sip. The biscuits are also extremely tasty. Have one with butter and jam for breakfast. Accompanied by coffee, it's a perfect way to jumpstart the day.Nothing fancy, but delicious. We had the breakfast salads and they were fresh and great. Great spot for a quick, healthy breakfast and a Bloody Mary.In town from Chicago and looking for a nearby coffee shop. This was super close so my friend and I decided to check it out. Super cute place, people very friendly and some different coffee/latte options than your normal Starbucks. I ordered a Pumpkin Spice Latte which smelled good but tasted very watered down. My friend ordered an Iced Vanilla latte which too was watered down. We didn't order any food so can't speak to that but it's a nice local coffee shop with good people, just needs to work on lattes and coffee.Mmm. good coffee, good location, comfortable, nice staff, really good quiche- gouda, artichoke and roasted peppers (total yum), nice baked goods, clean bathroom.On our last day we got up really early to go exploring. This gem was open and we grabbed two coffees to go. One was iced and one was hot. The only complaint that I have is that they put my iced coffee in a container for hot coffee without saying anything about it. I just put a straw through the top and kept it going. The coffee was on fleek though and they had milk alternatives!Good coffee, quick service with a smile, yum food, neighborhood feel, mellow crowd, great location. I swing by here once a week while at a client's office and always enjoy it.We decided not to wait for 45 minutes to be seated at Ruby Slipper and walked in here. Glad we did. They serve drinks in a plastic cups, which we try to avoid, and the server was kind enough to search for glasses. Split a Rose Benedict and it was divine. Will be back!Good breakfast place. Clean open seating area. Grits were not instant, but they did have rosemary in them. I'm not a fan of rosemary, but it was not too over powering. Would definitely recommend coming here.Food is awesome, service fantastic and who doesn't love a coffee bar with a full bar???  Especially terrific; Rose Benedict and a side of bacon.Fairly priced drinks, I had the Japanese green tea which was unlike any I'd ever had.  I also had the Caribbean jerk wrap, which had a few peculiar spices that I can't put my finger on, but was perfect for the mid afternoon none the less.  I think it could've been a bit cheaper for what I got though.
The environment is great, it really fits in with the area on Frenchman's.  It's more of a modern, jazzy feel and it's exactly what I'm looking for in this city!Good food, nice casual atmosphere. The only negative in my opinion are the prices. 2 breakfast burritos, 2 coffees and 2 bottles of water = $30.Really poor service from the cook! I agreed to pay an exorbitant amount of money for what I thought would be a half way decent breakfast. After ordering 9 grain bread with my eggs, I was brought what looked like white bread. I politely informed the cook who served me of the mistake. He proceeded by arrogently stamping off saying "fine I'll feed it to someone else then." He came back with the meal ticket pointing to gluten free bread and kept insisting that is what I ordered. He was clearly trying to embarrass me in front of the locals. I am not celiac. However, I am lactose intolerant. I did ask the order girl for eggs cooked in oil, not butter. Guess what. The eggs were cooked in butter. I will not be coming back here when I visit New Orleans!The food is fresh and wholesome and light, the staff are always cheerful.  Outside seating is limited to 4 tables, the interior of the building feels cozy, although it is well-lit thanks to the large windows.Poor customer service. I was looking at the menu and the young woman behind the counter made no mention that the kitchen was about to close. It took me a few moments to decide and when I did the young woman behind the counter told me that the kitchen had just closed. There was no sign posted anywhere that I could see saying the kitchen closed at a certain time. Waste of time. Not happy.Great coffee, great location, good food, awesome staff, and I'm pretty sure they have the cheapest ice mochas in town.  
It's cute inside (but watch for the flies in the way back).  If you sit outside, be prepared for temperatures that are generally a couple degrees lower than the rest of the city due to wind chill--for some reason (maybe the positioning of the buildings?) this section of Frenchmen is like a wind tunnel.  This is awesome in the heat of the summer.  And watch out for dogs taking up the entire sidewalk--one of them is probably mine.My husband and I went here because another place was closed Wednesdays. I'm glad it was! We split the Rose Benedict and it was easily one of the best life decisions I have made to date. We ordered the alligator sausage version of it. Definitely enough food for two people to split. The combination of flavors was heavenly. If I wasn't currently full, I would order it again... right now. Yes, I am writing the review while still sitting at my table. A Yelp first for me. :)Nice little restaurant and the breakfast was pretty good. They were very understaffed and each menu item took an extremely long time to get out of the kitchen. When we were there, it was not busy so it may be a procedural issue.We had an American breakfast and granola bowl. Both GREAT. Has healthy options and great coffee. It's an order at the front and sit down kinda place. The avocado toast and eggs Benedict looked AMAZING too.Great, laid back establishment near Frenchmen. Family run with a large table full of family there while we were patrons. The menu has a good variety and prices are fair. Everything was tasty. Will definitely go back.Was on the hunt for breakfast so I used Yelp on my phone, this is what came up. It's a small place but the food was good, staff was friendly and atmosphere was very laid back. Afterwards we did the Confederacy of Cruisers Bike Tour, our tour guide shared some of the history of the cafe and that made it all the more cool.This place is good! Especially if you are vegetarian. Very busy at times but the food is tasty and worth a little wait.IF I COULD GIVE ZERO STARS I WOULD. Breakfast was awful, overlooked bacon, bland grits and cold eggs. Worst $12 ever spent. DON'T EAT HERE!!!We ordered their signature Rose Benedict. The rosemary cheese grits was pretty good. But in top of that, there were: biscuit, caramelized onion, avocado, grilled portobello mushrooms, tomato, arugula, more cheese, FRIED eggs (on a Benedict. Wtf?) and balsamic reduction! What the....? 
Why do they want to put so many things with different flavor profile on one plate? The plate should be re-named to "mish-mash fest"!! And they put FRIED eggs and called it Benedict! Culinary Arts 101 fail. An epic one.
I also wanted just a splash of soy milk in my coffee because I prefer soy creamer. When I asked one of the employees for that, she said "that is 55 cents extra." WTF?????!? They wanted to charge for the coffee creamer? Since I really wanted it, I agreed to pay 55cents for like a tablespoon of soy milk and I got back in line. There were two people in front of me and the service was super slow. After almost 5min in line to pay for the creamer, it still wasn't my turn. Forget it. I just had my coffee without it. 
Their food and service both sucked. And they charge for a tablespoon of soy milk. Stay away.Just what you would expect from a funky little breakfast nostril. Price, service, ambience, staff all great. Will cine back again and recommend to all.Last breakfast in New Orleans.  Went due to the decent reviews.  Ate in, but our drinks were served in to go cups, even our mimosas were served in sad flimsy, plastic cups.  They were decent nonetheless.  The cashier squeaked out something about there being 4 of us and I nodded unsure why she commented on that.  When signing for the CC I noticed the tip had already been added.  Seemed petty and unusual considering you order at the counter, like a coffee shop, and there was just 4 of us .  It started things off wrong IMO but I guess I can understand given this place gives partial service, which could lead to smaller tips I'd assume.  Food was decent.  The best was my sons PBH, which he really liked and was made well.  My daughter ordered a cinnamon roll and chocolate croissant (but she didn't care much to the roll).  The benni and southern breakfast were decent - the grits were bland.  The alligator sausage wasn't anything special IMO.  Under other circumstances would have stayed and ordered another round of mimosas but didn't really care for the atmosphere at this point.  Noticed that it looked like we were supposed to bus our own tables but considering they extracted a full tip from us, we just walked out and left em - seemed unjustified not to.  Hard to see how this place could stay in business for very long.I live in this neighborhood and frequent the Rose. The place is nice, clean and quiet that offers good food and good people watching traffic. Neighborhood people drop by here a lot so the foot traffic is constant but it never gets loud.
Good food, good coffee, wifi and good seating -recommended.Named after the first coffee vendor in New Orleans, Cafe Rose Nicaud offers a variety of coffee drinks, teas and juices, bagels, sandwiches (and bagel sandwiches, naturally), a relaxed naturally-lit atmosphere, free Wi-Fi and a couple of outdoor tables. 
It has everything I could possibly want in a coffee shop, which, for me, has very little to do with coffee at all.What a relief to have a brightly colored, open and breezy cafe amid the dark, enclosed dens of bars and music clubs on Frenchmen. I have yet to try anything here I didn't like. I only wish they'd use all that space to add a water cooler!Was taking a long walk, needed coffee, so Yelp!-ed the nearest coffee house -- turned out I was standing right in front of Cafe Rose Nicaud, a happy coincidence (I almost walked right past it!)... Lovely little neighborhood coffee house with nice folks inside, could've spent hours in there drinking, watching people, talking with strangers, whatever... made me wish that I lived in the neighborhood!only had a single hibiscus ginger ice tea but it was good and the place is cute and the service was great. i told the girl i was thirsty for something cold and she suggested the tea and said it might be sweet so she mixed in the hibiscus with the ginger lemonade for me.
i just highly appreciate the mention of it being sweet and thaat she made change for my bus fare and hour later for meFood was incredible, but very disappointed with the service. I got the breakfast burrito with alligator sausage, and it was delicious, but we waited over 40 minutes after placing our order before receiving our food.  We saw people that placed their order 10 minutes after we did get their food, eat, and leave before we got our food. When I brought this up to the staff, they didn't seem to care and just said "well, we're working on it," without apologizing or offering us anything. Really bummed out about it, as the food and environment was excellent, but I will not be back.In the humidity and heat we sought shelter and hydration... we found Cafe Rose Nicaud and had the most phenominal Ginger Lemonade.  Highly recommend it!We loved the service from the barista, but unfortunately, the food was miserable. I got the southern breakfast which was alright, if McDonald's is your benchmark. The eggs were RUBBER and the grits were lackluster. The alligator sausage was a nice touch but it felt alone among a sea of awful. My partner got the breakfast burrito and was worse for it. The wrap was dry, with the same rubber eggs and some very lame pico that felt like filler.
Cafe Rose Nicaud is a red herring of New Orleans authenticity. The food is poor and the atmosphere is bland. The lady working the counter was terrific, I hope she is being paid enough for dealing with what I am sure is a nightmare from her manager.
Come here if you're really hungry but don't expect much, you're not going to receive much.Excellent spot! Had the Southern Breakfast with Aligator Sausage which was delicious and a healthy portion. I usually stick with straight up Coffee so my review can't help you with that, but the atmosphere was great! 
Went there daily in the morning for our coffee and quick bite to eat. Loved that the locals were all around this spot and the staff does a fantastic job. The menu isn't exactly traditional. Rosemary and Cheese grits are good, but I'd say give a simple grits option.Cute little place a few blocks away from bourbon street. It's a good alternative to the hustle and bustle as it is away from the heavily touristed areas. 
I visited this place based off yelp reviews and they were a little higher on this place than I was. I believe we had just came in after a heavy rush, so they were probably still shell shocked. While I was placing my order, I was told the cook at left on break for 15 minutes, they were out of grits and biscuits and it would be at least 20 minutes before I got my food. 
Eggs were light and fluffy, the bacon was meh, as was the coffee. 
I'd recommend skipping this place if you are looking for brunch, but it probably is pretty good earlier in the morning.We visited just by chance today and were glad we did! The food is fresh, healthy and delicious!  The place is clean and inviting with a large menu. Next time we're in New Orleans, we will be stopping here for sure.Quaint Internet coffee shop. Met a friend here for coffee and chat so didn't eat but all the offerings looked too inviting. Iced mocha cleared the overheated feeling of walking to hte store.  Would highly recommendI think of myself as a regular here. I always come in the early afternoon, but today I went in the morning. My chai was great, but my food was not up to par. My order was also miscalculated, about 3$ off the normal price, I think my coffee was doubled. My plate arrived sloppy, and the cook didn't even set it down on the table, he just handed it to me and asked for my number back. I normally would highly recommend this place, but avoid it in the morning. I got awful service and it really disappointed me.Sweetest nicest front counter lady thank you for the niceness!I'll take an Irish coffee to-go, thank you very much! 
This was my last stop in New Orleans before making the trek home. I popped in around 10:30am and after some slow service (the one downside here) I ordered a small Irish coffee, which ran me slightly more than a drink at Starbucks would, plus it had alcohol in it. 
It seemed pretty hipster inside which reminded me of home (Los Angeles) so I have no complaints about the decor. It also seemed like quite a few people were parked at tables with their laptops out so if you're looking to snag a seat that might prove a bit difficult. But give this place a chance, especially if you'd like a cocktail before the area bars have opened.Really great variety and an exciting menu! My family and I stayed in an AirBnb right down the street from Cafe Rose Nicaud and during the time we were in New Orleans the cafe became our first stop in the day's activities.
Everyone was very friendly and the service was fast. The perfect place to enjoy a cup of coffee and a breakfast treat while planning your day in the Crescent City.Went here with two friends, asked for my eggs over medium and the hostess response was that they only serve eggs sunny side up or scrambled... Not sure what is so difficult about flipping an egg over for a breakfast joint...
Then when my friend's order came her eggs were over medium?! 
The food is good but the staff are clearly space cadets.Serviceable hipster coffee and sandwich joint on Frenchmen. The breakfast and lunch menus err on the side of healthy and hippie. The coffee is just fine. The staff never fails to act like you're inconveniencing them. As in no one ever cracks a smile. Ever. Been there a dozen times and it's never happened. I go because it's convenient.This is a great breakfast place! So many delicious options for the meat lover and vegan alike. I highly recommend the Rose
Benedict!A wonderfully accommodating eatery, but get your reservation in early! We had a big group and they treated us wonderfully! The food was outstanding, as were the drinks. More like a gastropub--fine dining without the snoot.Perfect local cafe in a great location.
The cafe is not big so if you want to sit make sure you plan ahead, we came here with a party of 13 and they were able to put a bunch of seats together for us which was awesome of them.
It's cafeteria style, so you order first at the counter and they bring out the food to your table. 
The food:
-Delicious iced coffee
-Southern breakfast, which included eggs, a biscuit, alligator sausage and rosemary grits was amazing. The alligator sausage was perfect, tons of flavor and super smokey. The biscuit was one of the flakiest I ever had. I also added a side of bacon, which was ridiculous, super crispy and the perfect thickness. 
-Rose Benedict, is a thing of beauty (see picture). The same flaky biscuit described above topped with avocado, runny eggs, cheese, tomato, alligator sausage, the picture says it all.
Overall delicious food, friendly staff and delicious iced coffee, no brainer for breakfast.The Mexican coffee is wonderful The barista was vary nice I am so glad we came. The food loved it!!Came here after going to the Ruby Slipper and being told that the wait was 1 1/2 hours. The reviews seemed good but the food was disappointing. We got there at 11am and they said that they were still serving from their breakfast menu only. I got the PBH and it was waaaay too much peanut butter to the point where I could not even chew. I had to scrape the peanut butter off to attempt to take a bite. The food was insanely over priced and the staff is not very friendly.Good people, good food, good coffee, good tea, good music. Overall prettay prettay prettay good.
Place seems to get real full on weekend mornings. Great for a quick breakfast during the week but I wouldn't take a party there on the weekend.
Decent spot for posting up to work or read or whatever it is you people do at coffee shops. It has that Goldilocks amount of noise, not too loud but not too quiet. Just right.
Oh, and don't be a neanderthal. Bring your dishes to the bin. It's to the right of the sugar, etc station.Top notch breakfast food at Rose Nicaud and well worth our brisk morning walk. It seems to be popular with locals, but not so popular that you can't snag a table as a visiting tourist. 
My fiance and I enjoyed the rose benedict and a dish of eggs, curried potatoes, sweet bread and avocado. Both were packed with fresh ingredients and filled our tummies for a good portion of the day. 
The only disappointment was the burnt-tasting coffee. The barista made my latte quickly as we ordered at the counter, didn't fill to the brim, and it was so bitter I couldn't take more than a few sips. Thankfully spitfire coffee fulfilled my needs later that morning.*DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE.*
**if the owner of this establishment reads this, your employees are doing you a huge disservice!!**
Mind you, I've never left a yelp review or anything like that because I too am service industry and know just anyone can write a review or exaggerate. But I made sure to take time out of my day to write this, my first review ever. I live down the street and only came here because it was so close to home and work despite the unimpressive food and shabby digs. But I will not be returning after this last bad encounter. 
They don't take to go orders (more like only when they want to) and if they do take your to go order they will tack on a 20% auto tip. Which I was only told today, who knows how many other times I have double tipped on my to go order. 
They hardly ever answer the phone. The managers excuse for not answering the phone during business hours was that postmates won't take them off their calling list. Are you kidding me!? And they will get your order wrong time and time again! They don't even care either. ALL the staff I have encountered has the same kind of pretentious can't be bothered attitude. SO RUDE EVERY TIME.
They take forever and the food is mediocre AT BEST. I was actually late to work the other morning because the cashier couldn't figure out how to put paper in the receipt printer without unplugging her whole computer. Highly overpriced. They nickel and dime you for every little thing. Total garbage.
The female "manager" with tan glasses was extremely discourteous today and didn't seem to care at all that a repeat customer had an issue. Didn't even try to make it right, only gave me excuses. She even went as far as to make a comment about my make up while I was trying to address the constant issues I have with this place while the "chef" was snickering in the background. After this, I get to work and my order is WRONG. The "manager" took the order.. 
I guess it makes sense that all the staff has the same bad attitude if that's how the manager behaves. Sh*t rolls down hill. Highly unprofessional and lack luster breakfast spot. Don't bother!I had a cafe au lait, and David had a coffee and blueberry muffin while we waited for the bike shop next door to open. I really liked the vibe of this bright, neighborhood place--it's got space without being cavernous.Rose benedict is amazing and the staff is super friendly. The prices are very reasonable, will definitely come again.Not a bad place and much less intimidating than the other venues on Frenchmen street. Decent service and the microwaved torte was decent. Nothing special but not a bad place to stop by for a coffee and some nice live music.Great little neighborhood breakfast spot.  Popular.  I like that you order at the counter and they bring you your food.  Rose Benedict was as good as all the pictures you see of it on Yelp!Good cafe and healthy food in a cool area.  The barista with the glasses is super sweet and keeps me coming back.  Loved the quiche and the yogurt parfait hits the spot.  Good place to rest your legs at the end of a walk down Frenchmen St.Cute little cafe in a fabulous neighborhood, with quality coffee and friendly vibes. It's a good place to bring your laptop and have an unpretentious salad, breakfast, giant cookie, or sandwich (there are a couple vegetarian/ vegan options on the menu, too). Their food is a bit paltry for the price, but other than that, no real complaints. The interior is very clean and well lit, and a good place to work or study until late afternoon when it closes up.Great location.  Try the Ginger Limeade with Rum!
I will be back.I remember when this was a Pj's coffee shop and used to go their every morning, but I am pleasantly surprised that this is a great place for food. It is nice that after all of the heavy foods, you can get something healthy.The other day, a group of buddies (well, and I was there, too) were sitting around, and we started talking about our favorite coffee shops in Austin. 
I drifted off to Marigny. I love visiting Cafe Rose Nicaud. I even like using her full name. I travel to New Orleans about four times a year, always for pleasure. I always stop at Rose Nicaud for coffee or a salad or a burrito or breakfast. It's always good. 
I'm using "always" a lot for a reason. This place is so consistent. 
I wish I could meet a girl like Cafe Rose Nicaud. I'd be good to her and write her poems and brush her hair and shave her pits for her. 
I think my fave thing about CRN is the simple cafe au lait. I like to bury my face in it. Well, I hold my face over the steam and take deep breaths; I don't actually stick my face in the liquid proper. 
The cookies are good, the cinnamon rolls are good, everything is good. 
I'll shut-up now. 
Well, one more thing: I'm in Austin right now, in my 6th grade literature classroom, but I'll be in New Orleans two weeks from today. And, you know what? I'm going to be at Cafe Rose Nicaud two weeks from today at 3:15pm. I am. 
I love you, Cafe Rose Nicaud. 
Besos, 
Craig