This place is amazing !  Outstanding service,great ambiance, live music and amazing food.  Turtle soup, salad and crab cakes were outstanding.   I sat next to someone at the bar that said the oysters were to die for!  I am coming back .  This place is a sure thing !  My waitress-was amazing.Awesome atmosphere especially if you are wanting to escape the craziness of Bourbon street. Courtbouilon is amazing the head chief is the owner of the fine establishment.  It is a must go to in New Orleans!!!Enjoyed a good meal. Atmosphere is great if you are in main dining room.  Service was awesome.  We had veal and crab (a little salty for my taste) and courtbouillon (very good).  The chocolate sin cake was tasty but hard to cut with fork.  Our reservation was at 6 on a Friday night.  The band must start at 6:30 because we spent much of our meal listening to the band warm up. Not the best mood setter.  Next time I would call to see what time the band starts and make my reservation after that.First time visiting New Orleans and I went to Cafe Sbisa. It was incredible! Check out what I said about Cafe Sbisa here! https://biteguide.wordpress.com/2017/04/19/the-bite-new-orleans/This place is amazing!!! Live entertainment on a Saturday night. The food is next level good. We honestly needed a good meal and we are soooo glad that we checked yelp and found this place. We started with a house salad and a caesar salad. I know this sounds crazy, but even the salads were great. The bread is great, too. It's a garlic bread, but not too heavy. Everything is homemade from scratch and you can tell. For our entrees we had the bbq shrimp (the bbq sauce is sooo unbelievable) and the chicken (comes with mashed potatoes and spinach and an amazing sauce). 
For dessert we had the homemade ice cream sandwich and the bread pudding. Again, everything is homemade and outstanding. Please visit!Great atmosphere and good food.  Perfect place to sit back, relax, and enjoy a good meal and conversation.  The food didn't disappoint, but also wasn't the best I've had.  Great staff!Still at Sbisa, rainy Jazzfest Sunday. The soft shell crab awesome, ribeye and eggs excellent! The live jazz is great and atmosphere wonderful. Our server Eryl the best, kept the bottomless Mamosas flowing while we are waiting for the rain to ease up. Haven't been here since the remodel and remanagement, Chef Alfred has it definitely going in the right direction. We will make this one of our regular spots!This place was awesome!!!!! Great food and a live jazz band... they played my fav song at request. I had the trout and OMG .Ambiance is fun - great music.  Recommend sitting upstairs so it's not terribly loud.  Food was good - not outstanding - trout Eugene was overcooked - hard fish.  Duck was excellent.  Service was very good.Glad to see this historic building is back. Chef Alfred has everything under control, the food was excellent. Started with a very fresh and yummy wedge salad followed by a bowl Gumbo. When in southern restaurants I like to compare gumbos. After having several on this trip, and a few in New Orleans, this was spot on, rich, creamy and delicious, by far the best so far.
Seeing that they have Turtle Soup also, it was a tough decision which to have. After the gumbo there was no way I was leaving without having the Turtle. Oh my gosh, if you like turtle soup, this is a must, larger pieces of turtle meat and so delicious. 
For the main course, Trout Eugene. Couldn't believe all the types meat, shrimp, crab claws, crawfish, lump crab and then the trout. Cooked perfectly, an incredible meal. Congratulations to Cafe Sbisa, you're back.
Lindsie was a great server, we had a wonderful dinner with tremendous atmosphere.Let me tell you!!!! This place right here AAAAA-MAZING! EVERYTIME EVERYTIME AND I MEAN EVERYTIME I'm in New Orleans I will be at this establishment!! Customer service was amazing. We had 3 waiters not because the weren't busy but because they were working as a team to help us. Polite too. One of the waitresses was family the uncle was the chef. They all knew the menu well and recommend some of the best dishes (check out the pictures) they taste as good as they look. You will want to just eat the bread but don't stop there. My sincere compliments to the chef and the whole staff! So quaint if it wasn't cold that night I would have been on there balcony. Ughhh I can just taste the food now. I'll be back. I can't say not one bad thing about this place your tastebuds will thank you !
Thank you again! This was such a treat coming all the way from San Diego, CA!The food was amazing!! 
Chef/owner greeted us upon arrival. 
No reservation and were seated within 10mins. 2 course meal was shareable. So glad my husband and I shared because it was a lot of food. They plated all of our "shareable" items. Live music was great. Great location in French quarters. Service was amazing everyone was friendly. Bread was mouth watering. Recommend turtle soup and the trout entree. Finger licking good.The food was so so, the service was bad, waitress would disappear .....
Charged us for something we didn't order (they fixed after we pointed it out)My boyfriend and I were in New Orleans for the first time and wanted a "date night ". We saw great reviews for Sbisa and were not disappointed ! We felt treated like royalty with a splash of southern comfort . Worth the price . Food was fresh, prepared to order and presented in a formal way.We went into this restaurant after looking at yelp pictures. If I could give this restaurant 10 stars I would. The service was impeccable, the owner was front and center greeting customers and checking on them personally to make sure their meal was excellent, and our server was so kind and entertaining we both left giving him a hug. Started with a wedge salad and the most amazing crab cakes I have ever had. I had the BBQ shrimp, they were a little messy, but the flavor was savory, hot and delicious. My man had the trout Eugene and the seafood was fresh, the champagne sauce was to die for. Candlelight made this restaurant special for our anniversary, the ambiance and the live music made this place a very classy joint. Thank you so much for not only the food, but the southern hospitality we will never forget.I'm so glad I tried this place! I'm from Texas and I was hesitant to try their BBQ shrimp at first because I wanted to try something that I could only try in New Orleans. But, I'm so glad I ordered it (based on previous reviews from other people). It was full of flavor and had a nice kick to it. We also tried the courtbouillon and it was just as good. Both orders came in a huge plate and it was more than enough to feed 3 people. Aside from the good food, nice ambiance, and live music, our waitress, Stori, was nice and very friendly. The manager, Todd, also kept coming back to our table to check up on us. I usually don't post long reviews on Yelp, nor mention names of the staff, but I enjoyed my dinner here so much, I had to commend them because they deserve it :)So good!  They didn't have our reservation but sat us anyway.  The wine was good...the cocktails were good...turtle soup, gumbo and the entrees were amazing!  Jazz band playing!  Highly recommended commended.What a great place in The French Market. The food was awesome, the service was superb, the prices were reasonable. The staff was very accommodating, they even heard me mention that they could turn off the fans for me and they did. Our waitress was cute as a button and super friendly. We shared three items and they split the salad and waffles for us onto separate plates with no extra charge. We were happy because we were able to try different dishes. The house salad, crab cakes, and sweet potato waffles with fried chicken were all awesome.Service and food were excellent! Our table had the seafood gumbo, bbq shrimp and the trout eugene. The portions were large and the quality of seafood was fantastic. Would highly recommend!Lovely meal in the terrace. The gumbo and fried oysters were delicious. My crab cake was to die for, and my husband's jambalaya pasta was full of flavor. For dessert I chose white chocolate bread pudding, vey nice, and my husband went for the orange zest creme brûlée, and that was exceptional. We will be back!Called Cafe Sbisa to reserve a table on the balcony (and followed up in the confirmation call) but arrived at the restaurant to find it was closed (seems like that's happened to quite a few people based on reviews). The food was good- we got fried oysters, the catch of the day, and the filet. We didn't love the oysters but everything else was good. Overall, a typical fine dining experience.What a disappointing experience! We arrived and were seated on the balcony, which was fine. It took 10 minutes for our server team to greet us and take our water order (we asked for bottled water). Another 10 minutes go by-no water yet. We asked our server again for water. We waited another 10 minutes and nothing. No water, no wine, no one took our food order. We ended up leaving. Very disappointed in the service.Turtle soup and Gumbo of the day were amazing! Had the redfish topped with crawfish tails as a main and was the best dish of the weekend. Our waitress, Stori, was fantastic and had great recommendations. Bill, the manager, took the time to come over and introduce himself, ask how our night was going and explain some of the history of the restaurant too. Would highly recommend to anyone  looking for a great dinner in the French Market.Had a great dinner and the service was fantastic.  If you get the cesar salad add the grilled shrimp. I had the petite filet and my husband had the pork ribeye.Veal & Crab was incredible!  (That should have been all caps).  My wife raved about her filet.  I tried it and thought it was very good but my dish was better.  Turtle soup was good too (but rich and we were glad we shared). Ask for bread as I don't think they bring it otherwise and it's a tender garlic French bread.The best meal I had in New Orleans was at Cafe Sbisa. The service was phenomenal, the ambience was cool and the food was amazing! Shout out to our waitress Ashley who was awesome. She remembered all of our names and I was just blown away by the level of service. I never had service like that. Obviously service doesn't matter if the food doesn't hold up, and I'm still dreaming of the food since I've left NOLA. I started with the gumbo and then had the courtbouillon which was literally the best dish I've ate this year.  I would recommend this dish a million times. I also had my first mint julep which was real good. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!We walked in without reservations, the Chef/Owner moved some stuff around to accommodate us. Great service and the food was just excellent!Reminded me of the decades-old "family restaurants" that I grew up seeing in India- that I realized later were likely modeled according to colonial expectations of fine dining- rich hues on carpets, paintings, semi-dull chandelier lighting, murals and mural-sized paintings... Sbisa is a large restaurant, in an old, old building, and the food is really good. My boyfriend polished off the duck he got and I barely got a taste- so someone clearly loved it! The sausage and chicken gumbo was nice and warm. The $30 Trout dish is basically a massive helping of seafood- trout and gulf shrimp and crawfish and crab- grilled perfectly and topped with a champagne cream sauce, with rice and large asparagus. Their rice was perfect, really perfect! I like my asparagus to have a slight crunch, so I found this to be overdone. Since only one of us has a shrimp allergy, I asked our server to give us the gulf shrimp on the side, but he kept saying they couldn't, and would not explain why.We visited for a group dinner. Across the board, everyone was pleased. 
Ambience: romantic, it is one of the oldest establishments in NOLA (it shows, but is charming). We sat on the 2nd floor which features a great view of the large painting and a bit more privacy.
Food: the warm garlic bread was to die for. The appetizers were incredible (crab cakes and fried green tomatoes were A+). The entrees were all great and hefty portions (we all had leftovers). Favorite entrees of the group were: 1) the lamb (so good I took it back on the plane home); 2) the fish covered in crab (a signature item).
Cocktails: all great, you can't go wrong.
Service: wonderful waitstaff. 
Overall: would definitely return and would recommend. Compliments to the chef!The food and service here were even better than expected. My husband and I came for his 30th birthday and first night in Nola. We started with the BBQ shrimp, which we made our appetizer and our server split into two plates - amazing is an understatement. I've been to New Orleans twice before, but this was the best I've ever had. From there, the server recommended the lamb, which my husband got, and I got the courtbuillion. Both were outstanding and great portions for the price. At the end of the night, we met the owner and chef, who was both gracious and welcoming. 5 stars across the board!Great food and friendly service. We ended up getting there half an hour earlier than our reservation time and got a table right away. I had the rack of lamb and it is the best lamb dish I have ever had. I highly recommend this restaurant.You've googled and googled and found many list of restaurants in New Orleans, most of which will have long waits. Give Cafe Sbisa a shot, ofcourse reservations are better, but we walked in and were able to be seated in 15 minutes or instantly at the small bar. We opted for the bar. With two talented musicians playing some soft jazz music, Sbisa is a nice spot in between Frenchman and the French Quarters. The restaurant has an upscale feel, but you dont need to be overdressed. The prime pork ribeye was very flavorful and cooked perfectly in a delicious sauce. You'll need some more of that garlic bread to soak up all the sauce. Your search ends here, just do it ;)Fantastic, classic southern service from when you walk in the door. I had the gumbo and the jumbo shrimp. Fantastic, exactly what I would expect from a New Orleans restaurant. Small space with great ambiance. Highly recommend for a fancy dinner out for classic Cajun and southern food.OH MY GOODNESS! almost went back twice in 3 days because of the food, staff, drinks and atmosphere. Walked in without a reservation and
Were greatly accommodated. Our bartender made us fabulous drinks and went above and beyond to help us learn the NOLA fancy alcohol culture! Ashley was an amazing waitress and she made our meal extra special. I would have slapped a baby seal if I got to eat arhat prosciutto melon salad again! Thank you for making our evening wonderful!We read a review on this place and decided to try it out! It did not disappoint! Small and Nostalgic! Very personable service! Everyone was courteous and very hospitable! Our server was knowledgeable and made great recommendations! The management is a great support to their staff! We were constantly being checked on and pre-bussing was on point! Nobody wants to seat with dirty dishes in front of them, as I sure don't! This guys know how to help each other out by making sure as they pass by to clear items! The food was delicious and just the right amount! So fresh! The best pan seared oysters I've tried! And they gave us a complimentary dessert as we are celebrating our anniversary! Which added to the touch of being personable!Delicious food and great atmosphere!!
I would recommend getting a reservation, we walked in at dinner time on a whim and got lucky to be seated but it gets full.
Also the velvet cheesecake can feed 2 lolExcellent service, quality live music, delicious food, and a romantic environment. Perfect place for a date!This place was wonderful!  Very friendly staff!  Scrumptious food! I recommend the seafood boil. We celebrated my friends 40th birthday here on a foggy night in NOLA and it made sitting on the balcony fantastic. While there we got to see a proposal!  Wonderful night!  We'll be going back soon!!!Oh, yea, it's back.  The ambience is just right. The staff is top notch. 
The drinks and food were awesome. 
Martinis, oysters Sbisa, turtle soup, trout Eugene and veal and crab. 
I have to say the veal and crab was a tad better than Irene's veal. That crab meat puts it on top. 
Planning on doing a happy hour and a brunch real soon!!!
Ahhhh, life is good and so is the New Orleans food.A M A Z I N G, the richness of the crab cakes to die for and the desserts even better. A wonderful intimate ambience in The French Quarter. Compliments to the Chef and owner.This is my third night in New Orleans and I wanted to have an authentic experience but still wanted fine dining . I should of listened to the most recent post by Angie . The food was mediocre . I came there for the ambience and sit outside on the balcony. The greeter told me it was closed which sucks that was the main reason for this selection . I had the crab cake as an appetizer it was ehhhh , then I decided I need to wash it down with the ginger mint julip . It was gross and what's  up with the paper straws ? I could barely sip anything out of it . Toss the straws aside or is there a significance ? for the main entree I ordered the petite filet . It was okay . I left early . It was an okay place but it you're on a budget don't even bother .Mark the bartender and Greg our server really made our experience here! All the staff was so nice and accommodating and we loved the jazz brunch. Food was great, not the best we had in NOLA but still really good. Get the oysters!Had the most amazing meal here. The service was great with each waiter in the restaurant interactive with all the guests. The deserts were amazing. Bread pudding and banana pudding. Out of this world. I had the waffle with chicken.This restaurant is amazing. The food we had was delicious. We started with Turtle Soup and Gumbo then our entrees were Citrus & Herb Roasted Chicken, Crab & Veal, Courtbouillon, and the Prime Pork Ribeye which was out of this world. The ambiance was fantastic, they even had live music. This restaurant is a mustTime to dust off the ole yelp app and give this place a 5'er. Decor, food, and drinks were all great. I know some folks are apprehensive spending a lot on dinner, but you absolutely get your money's worth here. The courtbullion, fried oysters, pork ribeye, and lamb were all outstanding. Avoid the tourist traps and treat yo'self.I got the red snapper and it was to die for. It was cooked perfect. My boyfriend and I shared the gumbo soup for starters and it was also perfect. The servers were polite and explained the menu in detail.Best crab cake and turtle soup. Very warm service with nice ambience and live jazz. Unforgettable dining experience!Bottomless mimosas, pasta jambalaya, cheesy biscuits, and a kick ass waitress named Stori. Every bit of it was phenomenal!Food was fabulous !!! The atmosphere and entertainment were great as well! The staff were professional but made you feel like family at the same time. A must if you ever visit New Orleans! You won't be disappointed!    GailnJack NJI'm not wholly sure where to begin...was it the host's responsiveness to my ever-changing reservation date, time and party size?
Maybe it Was it the cold cocktails crafted with love by Jessica who also recommended our final party location on Frenchman which was so nice we did it twice?
Perhaps it was Gregory (aka Gregoir) who's impeccable service was a miracle considering how rowdy my lady friends and I can get?
Could it have been Chef Alfred's table side manner which was the functional equivalent of #foodporn?
I have no doubt some in my group would charge the pleasure to the amazing meal we had, from turtle soup to crab dip to soft shell crab to veal and let's not forget seafood courtbullion, all cooked to perfection!
Whichever you jam hardest on -- quality service, genuine hospitality or outstanding food, you WILL find it here at Cafe Sbisa!Was skeptical with all the excellent reviews.  This place definitely held up to their excellent reputation.  We went for Sunday brunch and every dish we had was fantastic.  We started with the crab cakes that were packed with fresh blue crab.  It had the perfect amount of bread if and crisp.  The shrimp and grits,  eggs Benedict and grillades and grits were also big hits at the table.  
Besides the food being out of this world.  The service and ambience was first class.  Smooth jazz in the background and an attentive waitress named Stori.  On top of that the owner and chef came to our table and greeted my family.  We couldn't have had an overall better experience at any restaurant in town.  Highly recommend.Perfect way to end our honeymoon! We sat on the balcony and were able to hear the live music across the street. We ordered the Oysters Sbisa, Tomato Mozzarella Salad, Trout Eugene and the sorbet to split. It was the perfect amount of food. Everything from the ambiance to the service was phenomenal. I highly recommend this place. It was the best place we ate!This is an excellent dining establishment in the French quarter. We were seated on the second floor, which opens in the center to the dining room below.
The service here is beyond impeccable. The servers were perfectly coordinated and choreographed when setting out food on the table--I was totally impressed! I had stepped away to use he restroom when the appetizers had come out. The servers waited until I got back to my seat before setting down the food. Other restaurants would have typically just placed the food on the table whether the guest was there or not.
The food was also very amazing. I had the gumbo (excellent) and the Trout Eugene (filet of trout with a seafood mixture topping and butter sauce). We also had dessert and coffee afterwards.
Ambiance was really cozy and warm. A jazz band played downstairs. The trumpist came upstairs to play happy birthday to a table in the back of the second floor.
Definitely worth 5+ stars!!OMGGGGG! The turtle soup was delicious, I'd have that as my last meal (add sherry), I had the BBQ  shrimp and you know what my taste buds are thumping right now, I had two cocktails and my boyfriend had a salad and beer, we also had oysters, didn't even spend $150 including tip!! Every waiter/waitress in the house was very attentive and helpful to everyone, the owner was there engaged also. It's a very romantic space, Harlem nights theme is what I call it! Will be back!We had a fabulous dinner!  The portions were huge and generous. Great service and ambience. We had the Trout Eugene and the court bouillon and both were fabulous. As a native of Southeast Louisiana, I am not easily impressed, and I highly recommend this restaurant.Amazing creole food! I spent a week in New Orleans and this was the best meal. The gumbo was significantly better than gumbo anywhere else- every aspect was so fresh especially the rice. As a main I had trout in a cream sauce with lump crab and asparagus. It was delicate and extremely flavorful. The staff was very professional and attentive. We walked in without a reservation and they squeezed us in with the understanding that we had to be out for the next dinner reservation. The service was prompt so that was not an issue. If you are in the area this restaurant is a must!I'm typically not a 5 star guy, but this experience was pretty darn perfect. Sunday Jazz Brunch at Cafe Sbisa. The place was really busy, but it didn't feel like it.  We had reservations. Were seated immediately and  the service was professional , informative, and fun. Thank you CeCe and Angelique! Crab cake benedict was delicious, and the oyster Po Boy was well presented and tasty. Cajun slaw with blue cheese crumbles served on the Po Boy was an unexpected treat. Jazz combo was really good. The experience was so delightful we are considering going back for dinner while we are in town.I WANT TO MARRY MY WIFE ALL OVER AGAIN, just so we can hire Chef Alfred Singleton and his kitchen staff to cater the reception.
We were BLOWN AWAY by the food - it's THAT good.
Shrimp & grits were phenomenal - among the best I've ever had. 
Turtle soup was classic and delicious.
The Cafe Sbisa Oysters were among the most delicious things I've ever eaten, ever.  It's a deconstructed Oysters Rockefeller - a shelled, breaded fried oyster topped with creamed spinach and other deliciousness.  I'm craving more as I write this.
Service was friendly. The dining room is beautiful. The bar is wonderful.
We came for the jazz brunch. The music was great and the acoustics in the old dining room are really good.
For the quality of the food, we thought prices were very fair.  That's not something I say often in a high-end NOLA restaurant.
There's only one restaurant in New Orleans for which we cannot imagine ever coming to town and not visiting - Commander's Palace.
Now we have two...  Cafe Sbisa is THAT good.Hadn't been to Sbisa since the 80's, so returning was a treat. We ordered the gumbo, fried oyster appetizer and the crab cakes. All were delicious. We are locals ,and are fortunate to have so many fabulous restaurants to choose from, on a daily basis. Stay away from the tourist traps, and take a tip from a locals.
The service , the decor, and the food, are all great reasons to go back again.Kind of a spur of the we are hungry pick a place quick stop. Well it was beyond worth the stop. 
First you walk in and you are greeted warmly and just so happened we met the owner and chef at the door. They seat you and place your napkin and immediately greeted by your waiter. Very knowledgeable and friendly.  
They had a couple specials and outlined that days gumbo which was seafood. We decided on the bbq shrimp,  gumbo, crab cakes and a seafood dish which i had never heard of.   The gumbo was served table side and was the best and most unique I have had. The crab cakes were also amazing with large chunks of crab. 
So after the appetizers the chef came to our table to ask how we were doing which was great. 
So now the bbq shrimp....I am currently drooling thinking about it. Full head on shrimp savory sauce and a large chunk of amazing bread. This plate is huge!!!! My wife and I shared the plate and need to a power washer when were done it was so messy. But don't worry everyone is digging just like you. By far the best dish I have had in a long time. 
So the second dish...seafood chowder?...was also amazing. Tons of seafood in a rich sauce with rice. Honestly this was also amazing. 
So unfortunately we were too full for dessert but we were happy. As we left we were thanked by the chef.  
Top notch places and will be tell everyone to try it out. Put it on your list!!!As good as we have had in not only Nawlins, but anywhere.  Food and service were second to none. From the crab topped fried green tomatoes to the delicious bbq shrimp and blackened redfish the food was amazing. 
Great staff who all loved what they were doing.  The atmosphere is beautifully classic.  Dress as you please. Put this on your fine dining itinerary in NawlinsI am on an annual road trip with 2 longtime friends and we have eaten our way across the country in the last 25 years and this counts in the top 2 meals we have ever had. Fine food , great service and a warm and welcoming atmosphere. This is a must stop for all visitors to NOLA who want a truly memorable dinning experience.Terrific resturant. Service fantastic. Food fantastic. Did not disappoint. This was my second time there. Equally good both times.Excellent food! Great ambiance and wonderful waiters, hosts! Highly recommend eating here when you are looking for an authentic New Orleans' meal in the French Quarter.Came here a few months back for a NOLA bachelors party trip. Our first option for dinner was unable to accommodate our large group so we quickly scrambled onto yelp to find a plan B; there we found this gem. The place was about half full when we got there so the host was able to seat our group of 9 pretty quickly. The service was on point, and the food was great. We all ordered different items so were able to try each others dishes (As many yelpers suggested, I ordered the BBQ shrimp). Nobody in group was disappointed in their food. Given that it was a bachelors party, our group was rather loud and rowdy, but that was no issue for the staff, as the head chef/owner even had a round with us to celebrate! Will definitely go back here on my next trip to New Orleans.Made a reservation for the jazz brunch for 10:30 on Sunday. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated right away.  Story was our server and was excellent.  I ordered the chicken and sweet potato waffles. They were amazing and such a huge portion I could not eat it all. Husband had the crabcakes with poached eggs and hollandaise.  It also was amazing. The restaurant,  service and food were all worthy of 5 stars. The only thing we were disappointed about was the live jazz didn't start until 11. Since we got there for a 10 30 reservation,  we already were eating before the live music started.  But I highly recommend eating at this beautiful restaurant.Service was excellent, food was good but a little underwhelming if you've never had Louisiana food and you're trying it for the first time. It wouldn't be our first choice for an introduction.Great restaurant the staff, food, ambience was such as good vibe and refreshing to see within the quarters. The chef was gracious enough to meet with the customers. The live band gave the place a good vibe and energy with all the guest partaking in the atmosphere!!!A fantastic place to listen to soothing classic jazz, enjoy your favorite cocktail and food.  Right across from market cafe on Decatur.  Highly recommend!  Glad we heard the music on Sunday afternoon and came in!Absolutely Great food. The pain Perdue is fabulous!!
Kevin is a great waiter. 
Not sure how many words I need to enter a review.We made a reservation to dine at Cafe Sbisa to celebrate my mom's birthday on our first night in NOLA. The experience was just ok until we got our food (which took a while considering the restaurant was pretty empty and there was a large group of spectators in the kitchen area)! Everything was great. I had the Trout Eugene, it was amazing but was a hint away from being overpowered by the seasoning. I needed lots of water! Everyone else enjoyed their meals, however I felt the BBQ shrimp should have come with something else  as an entree for $24. I was a little disappointed that there was no cheddar jalapeño biscuits (as seen in other reviews) for use to eat while we waited. I asked for bread and we were brought buttered slices of French bread (they tried, I guess). The drinks were nothing special.Fabulous food and service! Thank you for a wonderful date night with my fiancé. It was very memorable.Sunday Brunch Review: 
The short- My brunch was meh... I wouldn't come back. Jazz music is nice, wait staff are all very nice, but food leaves little to be desired. 
The longer- we came for an 11:15 am Sunday brunch. I made the reservation on open table. This spot is in a very touristy area near the French market. We were seated in the mezzanine area & the air conditioning was BLOWING. I had to wear my coat. We shared a caesar salad to start. It was good, but nothing special. We also considered the $15 unlimited mimosas (my kinda dealllll), but decided to go for the unsweetened iced teas. 
I ordered the crab cakes and poached eggs with hollandaise on the side. My eggs were cold and over cooked. The crab cake was mushy. My boyfriend ordered the crawfish & andouille omelette & it was loaded with shredded cheese.
Pretty disappointing meal, overall... and our waiter was good but the service was SO slow. I have had way better meals in NOLA and wouldn't come back here.A really authentic New Orleans experience.  The building has an incredibly fascinating history.  I overheard one of the owners telling a table about the history, the story was intriguing.  The food is a great throwback to traditional recipes, updated for today's pallet.  I will definitely return to Cafe Sbisa when I return to NOLA.Beautiful atmosphere with True New Orleans charm . The service complimented the cuisine. Creole cuisine at its finest. The live jazz was was the perfect pairing with the meal.It was my first time in New Orleans and I was anxious to try some good Cajun cuisine. Café Sbisa was everything you can wish for in a dining experience and more! From the wonderful host and hostess who kindly accommodated us in between reservation times (we arrived as a walk in on a busy night!), to the amazing musicians enhancing the ambiance with smooth jazz, to our friendly and knowledgeable waiter and of course, the chef! Food was off the charts!! And if you are as big of a seafood lover as I am, the Courtbouillon is a must try!!This place is a gem!!This was easily one of my favorite finds being in New Orleans! The oyster Sbisa is an amazing dish that is very thoughtfully constructed. The tomato salad was lite and fresh. We came after a very long weekend and enjoyed nothing short of a perfect experience. The service is comfortable, but beautiful arranged to make you feel catered to. I will be back next time I'm in the city and I am looking forward to it! Thank y'all for a great last meal in a true New Orleans restaurant!After checking reviews and with no advise from friends we gave Sbisa a try. Had to call to add people to the reservation and the person on the phone was so friendly and accommodating that I thought we might be in for a nice evening. The place is beautiful white table cloth style. Wine list was simple but complete with nice variety and fair prices. Our waiter Gregory really made our visit work. He let us know the kitchen will concoct what ever we could dream up. Sea food is fresh daily and he had complete knowledge of the menu. My picky eater wife asked a lot of questions of Greg and while she looked at the menu Greg came back to our table with an idea that she might like a seafood augratin not on the menu but he knew the chief could create. He nailed it for her as it was excellent. I had the coubiant (sp) which is a seafood stew that I often have but this was not watered down but full of fresh flavors and just knocked me out. We started with a caesar salad with fried oysters that was bursting with subtle flavors of the classic dressing and oysters with fresh romain. Through it all Gregory knew when to step back but made sure he was in my line of sight for anything we might need. All I can say is a rarely go back to the same place on a visit to New Orleans but 2 nights later we returned with friends and the experience was repeated.probably the best meal I've had in New Orleans. The veal and crab was spectacular. Can't wait to get back here againThis was one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in NOLA.
First of all, the ambience. You can have a nice lunch with friends or your SO while listening to live jazz.
Wait staff were all fantastic, checking in on us, refilling our water, etc.
Now, the food. WOW! We ordered the jambalaya and the waffles + fried chicken.  They serve the BEST jambalaya in NOLA and, maybe, even the US. The flavors all came together and felt so much happiness swallowing my bite. 15/10 stars!!!
The waffles + fried chicken was pretty good too, but I've had better elsewhere.
Im sitting here drooling thinking about the jambalaya stillStaff had a complete meltdown last night.  Not sure what we going on with them - we had an 8:30 reservation and weren't seated until 9:10 and received no food of any kind until 9:40.  They simply couldn't handle it, and then they accused us of "disrespecting their staff" when all my friends were doing was asking what was going wrong.  We were trying to find ways we could help - here are some examples:
1)  We walked in to the restaurant and were told "it's going to be a long time if you want a drink".  For one hour, we waited to be seated and not one person in our party was offered anything to drink.
2)  Once we sat down, one of my friends (coed group of almost exclusively married couples, before anyone concludes anybody was rowdy) asked about some of the bottles on the wine list.  Server:  "I just turned 21, I don't know anything about that."
3)  I had ordered a bottle of champagne for the table - the manager saw one of the staff (the guy who ended up throwing us out) looking at the wine rack and said "Well, he's probably looking for it for you."  I said "Sir, it's a bottle of champagne - if he's looking on the non-refrigerated wine rack, he's probably going to have a tough time finding it."
It seemed like they had a lot of very inexperienced staff on last night, which we can be sympathetic to, but they were simply overwhelmed.  Their excuse was "It's Jazz Fest" as though that hasn't been on the schedule for, oh, about 12 months.  All we were doing was talking to them, and they refused to acknowledge anything was a problem and then told us to leave.  No one had received any of their orders and it was after 10pm at that point.  My theory is that the chef was exasperated and wanted to go home and they kicked us out because they knew we'd be there for another hour.  They'd clearly lost control of the night and decided to pack it in, but couldn't admit that so they blamed us.  I've been coming to New Orleans for 20 years and I've been going to restaurants my whole life - I've never seen anything like it. I've never been thrown out of a restaurant.  I'll never go back to Cafe Sbisa, because they really are incompetent and they can't admit their shortcomings.
Ask yourself - when was the last time you went to a restaurant that refused to even give you a drink while you waited for a table?  Or that made you wait more than 45 minutes to be seated for your reservation?Only came here for drinks. They have a nice selection of cocktails and bourbons. Good to sit on their upstairs balcony and get a nice view of the performers at Jackson SquareFirst of all, A HUGE RAT ran across the floor next to our table, TWICE. Our waiter was unaffected by it and said that it was normal since the building was old. He did offer free drinks on the house because of that incident. Throughout the dinner, our waiter seemed so distraught and stressed & it made me feel uneasy. I had ordered a creme brûlée a day before with a birthday message, and when i said i was ready for it to be brought out, our waiter had told us, it'll be out soon, but it came out 10-15 minutes later and also ruined the surprise. 
Besides everything, the food was good.I went to New Orleans with a large group of people to celebrate my 30th birthday. The dinner I had at Cafe Sbisa was the best meal of the trip and one of the best meals I have ever had. 
Several of my friends ordered the gumbo appetizer. It was incredible - just the right amount of spice, tons of flavor, and filled with goodies like seafood and meat.
I ordered the seafood courtboullion for my entree. It was truly one of the most delicious dishes I've ever had. The sauce/broth was so incredibly tasty. It had crawfish, shrimp, fish, mussels, crab, and probably more that I am forgetting. This is a must order.This place is AMAZING! One of my favorites was a starters was the fried oysters it came in 6 I believe but were so good. Each entree we ordered was fairly good I probably could've lived without ordering the BBQ shrimp it was mediocre and too salty for me. Our server was sweet and really quick on her feet, would refill our waters and bring out a fresh basket of bread once she saw that it was empty.This place was delicious. I got the seafood bouillabaisse, and it was tasty, and surprisingly filling. Would definitely come again!We came for  Sunday Jazz Brunch at the Cafe. The service was excellent, efficient, but not stuffy.  The servers were having fun with their customers.   The crab cakes and eggs (basically eggs benedict with crab cakes replacing the english muffin) were delicious!  So were the chicken and waffles.  The jazz was good,  as were the mimosas and bloody marys.   Highly recommend this brunch.Can't get enough of this place--so much history, great music, and the food is ALWAYS over the top.Food was nothing special 3 stars, but the service was terrible negative stars. Our waiter didn't even know to serve bread to our table even though every other table around us had bread. When I asked about this he even explained he did not know they had bread and went back to get some. When he returned with bread it turned out to be soggy. We were looking for the experience that most other reviewers got, at least with the food, but like I said it was nothing special. I would recommend going somewhere else if you're looking for a nice dinner.This was the best meal we've had in New Orleans. The owner also owns a crab dock so everything is super fresh. The crab cakes are the best I've ever had in my life. The portions are big with so much seafood. I can tell the chef puts their heart into every dish. This is what New Orleans is famous for.I don't normally rate restaurants, however, the food, music and staff is worth the FIVE StarsMy friends and I had the most amazing experience at Cafe Sbisa! We were a group of 12 ladies on a girls trip. It was a perfect Friday evening, the ambiance was wonderful, the food was delicious. David helped our group secure a 3 course meal for a very good price! The turtle Soup, Gumbo, and Trout Eugene were fantastic. The chef's special dessert plate was all we could have asked for and more. We even got to meet the Chef! 
From the time we made the reservation until the end of the night, they were extremely timely and professional. This a great place for a special occasion. The dining experience was the best we had in New Orleans, and some of the best food we've ever had in the world!Extremely impressed everything from the atmosphere to the music to the garlic bread I've got so excited to be here and it's the top notchOur anniversary and the place was empty at 7:30 pm. Host sat us at the worst table in the place - upstairs near the waiter bus stations.  Forgot our anniversary dessert. Filet Steak was over cooked to the point of beef jerky.  Trout was very good but was over cooked as well and needed more sauce    Bartender looked very unhappy.  Our waitress was very nice.May have had the best brunch ever. We were in the French Market area and wanted some lunch. Checked Yelp and everyone liked this place. A nice cozy place with a beautiful bar. There were 2 musicians playing brass and sax instruments. A great combination and fit the mood. 
Now the food. My wife had the bottomless mimosa and I had a spicy delicious Bloody Mary. We then shared the southern seafood boil. There were 2 hot green tomatoes with cool shrimp and crab meat on top. There was a remoulade sauce poured over it and it sat on a base of cocktail sauce. A 5 star dish from the start. 
Then a dish of turtle soup with sherry. Great flavor with a nice spicy taste. 
Finally we had the BBQ shrimp in a smoky red sauce and a big slice of a bread loaf to soak it all up. You peel the shrimp and make a mess, but what a delicious mess! Our server, Samuel, tied extra napkins around our necks. 
It was a cool day otherwise the pretty courtyard would have been perfect.Wish they offered 6 stars!  God, I love this place!  Always was a favorite of mine and the new Chef, Alfred, doesn't disappoint.  Everything on the menu is delicious and they've kept the atmosphere and ambiance from before.   Our server was wonderful, attentive but not hovering. 
Can't recommend high enough!    Don't miss the weekend Jazz Brunch either!AMAZING STAFF. I think the menu is extremely average for Cajun food. The bar itself is very big with multiple floors and an outdoor space. For the price you do not get that much food, but the atmosphere it was makes it a great dining experience. There are better restaurants in New Orleans to go to than this place.My husband and I came here to celebrate my birthday - and had the most wonderful dinner. Starting with an espresso martini {the BEST I've ever had}, to the trout Eugene {highly recommended}. The staff is very attentive - the atmosphere is perfection.If you are looking for rich and flavorful dishes, this is the place for you!
Had the turtle soup, seafood bisque, mozzarella salad, BBQ shrimp and pork ribeye. All were delicious and excellently prepared. Granted we went on V Day, which was busy. Yet everything came out on time and mostly temp appropriate. The BBQ shrimp roux was the hit, yet the shrimp was over cooked and tough to peel but otherwise ok. 
The star of the night was our waiter Giovanni who was awesome! He made the night perfect!  
Highly recommendCafe Sbisa was a little disappointing. It was uncomfortably cold in the restaurant. I had the blackened redfish. The portion was kind of small and very salty. The asparagus that came with it was prepared well, still a bit crisp but it was drenched in some kind of buttery sauce. My husband had the CourtBoullion. He loved it but it got cold very quickly due to the AC blowing right onto our table. We shared the house salad which had a lovely champagne vinaigrette. My husband had the creme brûlée. It was very good and was a large portion. He only ate half of it. The bread they gave us was cheap white garlic toast, one very small piece for each of us. The CourtBoullion did not come with extra bread. The service was ok; acceptable. I probably wouldn't go back or recommend but my husband would.One of the nicest, best restaurants in NOLA. Elegant yet comfortable with professional and courteous wait staff. The food was sooo good. Excellent crab cakes for starters and courtbullion was most excellent!Gorgeous old building.  The waiter gave us the history -2nd floor was a brothel and 3rd floor was the living quarters for the Sbisa family.  So beautiful.  The service was excellent.  We had crab cakes, seafood gumbo, turtle soup, trout Eugene, rib eye, veal and crawfish.  It was an awesome evening.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it again.We were so happy to stumble into this restaurant.  We didn't have much time in NOLA (sadly) and wanted to get a flavor of the music and food scene, and I wanted to catch some of the World Cup but usually sports bars have bad food.  Café Sbisa is not a sports bar, but they happened to have a TV with the game on.  AND they had live jazz musicians playing.  AND they had very good seafood gumbo while my husband enjoyed his jambalaya.  We split the Cesar salad which was good as well.  This covered everything we were looking for.  Our service was friendly and prompt, and the bartender made a mean Bloody Mary.What a lovely experience. I was in a low key mood after surviving 3 days of a bachelor party, and a good meal with a quiet cozy atmosphere was just what I was craving. Cafe Sbisa delivered in fine style. As I was a solo diner that evening, I elected to sit at my favorite spot in any restaurant: the bar. Jessie (I believe, as I am writing this review some days later) was the perfect combination of attentive, conversational, and absent. When I had a question, she was there. When I needed a recommendation, she was there. When I needed a drink, she was there. But when I was taking in all the wonderful flavors of my meal (crab cakes and a sazerac to start, followed by Courtbouillon) had to offer, I was left in peace. The price was reasonable, the bourbon excellent, and the service aces.
Further kudos goes to the management, who this month are donating 100% of their revenue to relief in Peurto Rico. 
This is a stop that will now always be on my New Orleans list of things to do. I look forward to a return in the future.The ambiance is great...has a very vintage-y feel with the brunch, dark wood, and live jazz. Great service. French 75 was pretty good. BF's dirty martini was good. The Gulf Aperitif was superb. The BBQ shrimp was amazing, and warning: you have to peel it with your fingers! (I was notified in advance). Huge cookie ice cream sandwich. It was a great experience, and we were able to get a break from fried food. Would definitely go back.So nothing was bad. Our waiter was great. The food was across the board average. Started with gumbo, soft shell crab, and some salads. Gumbo was good but a bit salty and lacked lots of shellfish and sausage. Entrees were blackened redfish, BBQ shrimp, and Veal and crab. The only noteworthy item was the veal. The other items lacked the flavor that are expected at New Orleans landmark spots. We loved the decor and live music.Can't say enough great things about this restaurant. AMAZING FOOD, AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE and complimentary birthday champagne or dessert! Best 24th birthday ever, I will be coming back!!!This was probably our best meal in New Orleans. Everything we ordered was fantastic, the service was excellent, and the ambiance was a great retreat from the busy French Quarter streets. We easily got a reservation on a Saturday night, but it did start to get much busier around 8-830 pm so make sure you have a reservation as it's a pretty small place overall. Since we don't live in New Orleans, we wanted a meal full of good seafood... Café Sbisa didn't disappoint! We shared the crab cakes and turtle soup, then I had the courtbouillon and my husband had the fresh gulf fish. Far more food that I could finish, which was disappointing because it was so good! The live music was the perfect final touch to create a great last dinner for us in New Orleans- if we ever come back to this city to visit again, we will definitely come back here to eat!Wonderful customer service, great atmosphere, and the food is to die for. Highly recommend!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! My husband and I came here on a private date while we were visiting New Orleans on my work trip.  We found this place online based on reviews, and we were not disappointed!  We were seated on the balcony per our request, where we enjoyed the romantic lighting, wonderful jazz music playing down below in the pavilion, and the breezy southern air.  Most importantly, the food was DELICIOUS and probably some of the best we've ever had.  We mostly had seafood, and we were THRILLED!  Finally, the service was EXCEPTIONAL! Extremely fast, thorough, kind, helpful, and the best hospitality you could ask for!  We did not dine inside or sit at the bar, but as we walked through the interior rooms, it was so beautiful.  Old, dark wood with an old world feel.  I believe dining inside would be just as thrilling and romantic.  To us, it seemed more of a romantic night out with your significant other, but I imagine a group or family night out would be just as great!  GO TO CAFE SBISA!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!! Authentic Cajun/Creole food with the nicest people, right in the heart of it all - the French Quarter.So...where do I start?! This place is so f-ing good.  Everything was delicious.  I had a belini and my girlfriend had a mint julep, delicious.  Best crab cakes ever! She had the filet and I had the BBQ shrimp; delicious isn't even the word to describe. My girlfriend is a steak snob and she claims this is the best steak she's every had.  The shrimp came whole (shell, tail, head).  I admit that things got a little messy with the shrimp and I was a bit self-conscious of eating them considering the environment of the restaurant (upscale) but it was worth it.  That was some damn good BBQ sauce.  They had some live music playing the serving staff was attentive.  We wanted to go back for our last night in NOLA but unfortunately they were closed. Let's just say we will definitely come back to NOLA and make it a point to eat here.When I went to Cafe Sbisa, I had already been to two other restaurants where I had not found a place to eat.  One did not have anything I could eat (I needed gluten-free) and the other had an incredibly rude bartender.  By the time I entered Cafe Sbisa, I was tired and cranky.  The manager and one of the waiters were incredibly nice.  They worked with the kitchen staff to find the items on the menu that I could eat.  The manager could see that I was stressed out and, although he did not know the full story, got me a drink.  LOL.
The music was phenomenal and the food was amazing.
Good food, service and music...what more can you want?Everything from the food to the service and the live music was wonderful.  Our favorite items were the oysters sbisa (absolutely recommend), trout Eugene, and the soft shell crab (was a special bag night) 100% recommend!!My first trip to New Orleans & it could have easily been overwhelming.  Luckily a friend of mine arrived here a day before I did & when she walked past this gem she heard some music & decided to check it out.  She wanted to go back tonight & am I glad she took me there.  The food was superb.  We ended up eating at the bar because we couldn't get seated for three hours without a reservation.  We split the courtbouillion... and it was unbelievable.  The seasoning was perfect.
Apparently the chef/owner took over the place a year ago and the place is thriving.  A duo plays jazz, headed up by the owner's uncle, on Friday & Saturday night & for Sunday brunch.  They do an eclectic mix of jazz favorites, standards, bossanova, R&B, & pop.  I was especially stuck by a wonderful arrangement they did of  "A Very Good Year".
This is a place you have to go to!  If you are in the French Quarter you have to check it out!Came here with some work friends while traveling in Naw'Leans. Chef's Redfish and Pork entrees were fabulous. Sam our server was terrific and we enjoyed the meal tremendously. Would recommend highly. Thanks for making our last night here delightful.Omg! This place is everything I desire in a dining experience and more! Great cocktails, great music, great service. Win win win. 
I came to celebrate a friends birthday and they went out of their way to make sure it was special. The owner chef was very gracious in accommodating our group. 
My highlight was my appetizer the to tomato mozzarella salad. So simple, so fresh, simply stellar. 
My fiends had the BBQ shrimp and couldn't stop talking about it. I never got to try one because they were gone in 30 secs lol 
My entree was the classic courtbouillon which is a traditional creole atwr with different seafood. HUGE portion! You can def share if you're not a bug eater. I enjoyed the dish but wasn't wowed by it.Met up with some friends for dinner. Everyone was excited as the restaurant had good reviews. I had gone on yelp earlier to get some ideas of what I wanted. Started off with the turtle soup, high marks (and this was my first time trying). After hearing some disappointing reviews of the BBQ shrimp I went with the veal and crab. Crab was delicious, wish there was more. The veal was just OK. Unfortunately the angel hair pasta had been inundated with sauce and congealed into almost a solid mass. Someone at our table ordered the shrimp and was disappointed. He said the sauce had no kick and the bread was a brick so he had to use the garlic bread for the table to dip. By the end of dinner his hands were a mess (no wet wipes provided). Probably hands down the best meal was the pork. Service is spotty. Be prepared to dine. Service was a little slow except clearing the table, some people were still eating their meal.The food was all excellent. He had the fish of the day and I had a filet. They were both cooked perfectly and tasty. The reason for the lower rating was the intensely weird and uncomfortable service. Our server and another employee (maybe an assistant manager? He was wearing a vest) were openly and plainly aggressive with each other. At one point the other employee tried to take our order (we had already put in an appetizer order with the server) and then the server came over, voided that order, and took the order himself. This pattern of almost competition kept up the whole time, and made us very uncomfortable. We planned to get desert, being a special occasion, but the really awkward situation made us want to get out of there immediately. So... the food was great. But the environment and front-of-house experience was weird.Went here for dinner on New Orleans business trip. Great vibe in the heart of the French Quarter. Service was excellent, there was a band there on Sunday night. I loved the building and original authentic feel to it.Outstanding!  When you enter this restaurant located by the French market, you get a feeling you are in for a quality meal.  Beautiful bar, comfortable atmosphere and exceptional service await you.  I started with the turtle soup which was one of the most flavorful soups I have ever eaten.  They also have a traditional gumbo which I'm sure will not disappoint.  My entree was locally caught blackened red fish which I added a seafood champagne sauce to which was properly prepared and served on a bed of fresh asparagus.  The desserts are homemade and plentiful to choose from.  The banana caramel selection did not disappoint.  Others included a red velvet & flourless chocolate offering.  You will find knowledgeable & courteous attention to all your dining questions and needs.  Food prepared by a chef that cares what goes on the plate, and has the skills to deliver outstanding and diverse entrees.  While I enjoy all of the great local cuisine restaurants in the French quarter, I feel this establishment is a cut above, and not one to be missed.Cafe Sbisa is by FAR my favorite place to get some turtle soup. Mmmmm mmmm it's also great place for locals and vacationers to meet! I always meet amazing people here. Great service and great food!A friend of mine and I chose Sbisa at the suggestion of a feiend.  Our server Greg and his assistant Anthony (He was training) were both very professional. Food impeccable.  Don't leave New Orleans without visiting this icon restaurant. You won't regret it!You can tell from our interactions with the waiters and other staff that this is definitely a tourist spot. Despite some of the "performance" of the staff, the food and drinks shined through. Started the night with the seafood apertif - excellent seafood and cocktail sauce. We had the petite filet and the fish du jour for entrees. As recommended by our waiter, we added crabmeat to the steak and barbecue shrimp to the fish - this made the meal! The fish was drum and very well balanced - great flavor but not too overpowering. We were too full for desert, but what we saw looked good. Glad we discovered this gem, will go back to again!Very good fish. Had a white fish with amazingly tasty sauce. 
The Chef would came to a table and give recommendations on the menu and take orders! 
Highly recommend!The menu looks simple but everything is DELICIOUS! 
We had a big lunch so we didn't get any appetizers, but everyone's entrees were very good. We had BBQ shrimp, a seafood stew sort of dish, veal with blue crab and the fish du jour which was a red fish that day. 
My only issue is with the BBQ shrimp, which have the shell and heads on. I wish they had at least slit the backs so that it would be easier to peel and the wonderful flavor of the sauces would get inside the meat. 
Also, there's live music! A great plus.Although my food was good the service was mediocre, and the manager was horrible. I brunched with a group of about 21 ladies. One lady's food did not come out at all, another's came out cold and when she sent it back, it came back cold again. Another lady asked for a medium rare steak which came out well done and the manager who had the nastiest attitude still wanted to charge her for it although she did not eat it but the lady's who's food was cold they did not charge.  He said something about them not being a corporate business and she should have sent it back before so they still had to charge her although she did not eat it, which was bs. After two ladies in our group spoke to him on a professional level he very rudely told his staff to make her another one and give us our bill so we could leave.  Mind you we weren't causing any commotion as we brunched upstairs anyway nor was anyone disrespectful and we were getting ready to leave anyway,  but she did not want another steak and I don't blame her everyone had already eaten and were leaving. The servers must have forgotten about our table because we had to go get our own togo boxes and bags as no one came to check on us after a while. Scott Stage is the manager and a complete jerk for the way he handled the women in our party. They also don't do separate checks so pull out your calculator to split up your meals if you'll be part of a large party. I will not be returning to this restaurant and if you have a large party I would not recommend this place.Great food. Ask for outdoor terrace seating. Great atmosphere. Chef is jovial , came and talked with us.  Definitely going backEverything was incredible. As billed, Cajun Creole and the seafood was amazing. Live jazz over my top dinner experience in New Orleans.Excellent! My husband and I went on a Sunday for brunch. Friendly, quick service.  We enjoyed the live jazz music. The food was delicious! My husband had the shrimp and grits and I had a crawfish andoulle omelet. We both opted for bottomless mimoas. Huge portions and tasty.Wow, just wow. We went to jazz brunch this morning & had the most amazing time! We sat upstairs directly in front of the bar, so our view was incredible. The entire staff was more friendly than any other establishment we've eaten at in New Orleans - so welcoming & accommodating! The shrimp & grits were to die for (best I've ever had), as well as the pain perdu. The bottomless mimosas kept coming without us having to ask! The jazz music was smooth & collected without being too loud - we carried on a conversation at our table easily. OH, not to mention that they're donating October proceeds to hurricane relief in Puerto Rico! I'll never come back to New Orleans without visiting this gem!went for my friends birthday it was a very nice atmosphere. There was a live jazz band that gave it a very cool vibe. I had the fish du jour it was fantastic. The staff was very friendly and answered all of our questions accordingly. Would definitely come back this restaurant is a must when visiting!This place was such a gem! First, the ambiance was so cute and romantic. We sat outside on the balcony with a live band playing across the street! The staff were so incredibly attentive (2 waiters to assist us), filling water and making sure we had enough silver ware etc. But the FOOD! Everything from the Trout Eugene to the Rack of lamb down to the garlic bread they provide at the table was amazing!!! Nothing too heavy, every meal was perfectly balanced, kudos to the chef! Great location down the street from Cafe Du Monde and Jackson square, this place is a must try!Fantastic seafood with exceptional service. While the menu is a bit limited with only three appetizers, we tried them all and were happy with each of them. The red fish was perfectly cooked and very tasty and I liked that we could top it with crab, shrimp, etc. 
Best part -- 100% of net revenue for the month of October is going to aid for Puerto Rico. Kudos, Cafe Sbisa. You're a role model for restaurants across the country.Came here one day on a recommendation from a classmate who said the owner graduated high school with us.  Firstly, let me say the wait staff is awesome just awesome.  I usually don't do French quarter restaurants but this one was worth trying.  The drinks were delicious and my only complaint was the Gumbo, im not a fan of Chicken and Sausage Gumbo so I was kind of disappointed in this.  Now the BBQ shrimp...very messy but worth the mess.  They had just the right taste and the size of the shrimp, they were huge.  I will definitely come back to this spot again when I return to NOLAThis is the best restaurant I've eaten in New Orleans. The service was excellent, the food was better. Don't miss this one.Very fine dining with a superb service, which we all really enjoy. The waiter was kind, and really took care of us. I recommend the Andouille Omelette with mushrooms, simply outstanding, just like chicken and sweet potato waffles. For dessert the red velvet cake was great, decently would come back.Ran upon this place and the food was excellent - great gumbo and crab cake with eggs.  The service was awesome - story did a great job.  Highly recommended when in NOLA!Here from Baltimore for a weekend vacation. The food was really good. We ate light just because we weren't very hungry. I had a Caesar salad and the gumbo. BF had the crab cake appetizer. The food was delicious and the service was prompt. Everyone working was helpful which is definitely appreciated. The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because the romaine in my Caesar was wilted. I ate around those pieces because the salad was so good but besides that everything was perfect.Amazing food and service. I was there for a team meal after a work event and we were given consistent service with our group there until after close.
The crab cakes and oyster appetizers are great starts to a meal. Cocktails are balanced and the hurricane goes down easily.
The lamb with corn pudding is fantastic. My lamb was overdone based on my requested level, but still melted in your mouth. One of the best meals I've had.This is a great restaurant! Good Good and excellent service. I had the red fish with BBQ shrimp and it was one of the best seafood meals in my life. And I'm old so this is really a 5 star dinner place!Essay 5 Star rating from ambiance food to service.
Such a fantastic cozy yet spacious restaurant with 2 levels and a balcony can dining area.
I had the petit filet with mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy and asparagus which was cooked to perfection, juicy medium rare.
I love the seasoning. My husband had the fish which was also fantastic.
The icing on the cake was the salted caramel apple bread pudding OMG so good!!!
We also had a bottle of Pellegrino and a bottle of red wine, share the Caprese salad appetizer and finished our meal with Espresso.
We are well traveled and usually try to avoid the typical touristy places, hope this will help other Yelpers.Sorry, not 5 stars folks. The food was good, although our waiter didn't come by very often (take our order, once during meal, and to give us our check). Ironically, he spent more time at the table at the end of our meal, informing us that if we tipped by cash, the money would get split by the chefs as well. How interesting.The most delicious meal ever! The Trout Eugene was so tasty! Service was impeccable. You have to go here. Patty was our server and Eric was at the front of the house. A wonderful experience.This place was fantastic for my birthday celebration. The service was excellent. The food is good. To top everything off, the waitress Dee sang happy birthday beautifully. It was a special and surprising touch.Decided to have my birthday dinner at Cafe Sbisa. This was my first trip to New Orleans and I wanted to make sure my friends and I could have at least one great dinner experience. Café Sbisa exceeded my expectations. I was able to easily change my reservation to a day earlier in order to avoid Tropical Storm Nate. But that is just the beginning. The service was outstanding and we're all still thinking about the food a day later. Get the turtle soup! 
One of the waitresses sang happy birthday to me (a capella) and the live music was of course a plus. 
On top of it all, they are donating 100% of our bill to Puerto Rico hurricane relief! Can't wait to come back to NOLA just to visit this place again.This place is excellent! The service was outstanding, the food is some of the best I have ever had. The blackened redfish was incredible and the waiter, George, was incredibly helpful with selection.
This is a must go place in the frenchquarter..Overall a fantastic experience. We found this place and just happened to get in. It was somewhat crowded. They have an excellent ambience with dim lighting. The service was supreme, our waitress tended to our every need. The wine list is small but actually quite good. The food was TERRIFIC. I cannot say enough about this place. Would definitely return.Café Sbisa opened in 1899 and is the third oldest fine-dining restaurant in the French Quarter today. It closed for many years and has recently reopened. One will appreciate the age and era of the building with the hand-carved mahogany bar dating back to 1903. The centerpiece of the dining room is definitely George Dureau's mural above the bar.Cafe Sbisa was our first stop on this culinary trip and it did not disappoint. Again, I am just referring to the food. There were a lot of missteps on the service (our server was obviously new and definitely not ready to be on the floor on her own). Nevertheless, I will not take away a star just because she did not do her job well. Now on to the food... we started with Fried Oysters and Louisiana Blue Crab Cakes - both we very good. The fried oysters were crispy and the crab cake were filled with crab meat. We then order Gumbo du Jour, Wedge Salad and Tomato Mozzarella Salad. The gumbo was one of the best ones we've had and the Burrata on the salad was perfect. The plate presentation were clean and beautiful. For entrees, we had the Veal and Crab, Petite Filet and Rack of Lamb. The Veal and Crab (jumbo lump) was served with pasta in lemon caper butter. The lamb entree came with 2 large portions and served over a delicious roasted corn pudding. With still a little bit of room left in our tummies, we ended the meal with Lemon Sorbet (3 large scoops) and Creme Brulee Cheesecake. 
I highly recommend dining at Cafe Sbisa... the food definitely compliments the old-world charm!While the food was ok, the service and management was awful. We came during Jazzfest, which I understand is busy, but we had to wait over a half an hour for our reservation (without any apologies from the management). Then, it took over 20 minutes for drinks and 40 minutes for appetizers. We spoke with the managers, and they didn't really seem to care much, in fact, they were downright rude. They just kept coming up with excuses.
There are so many wonderful places to eat in NOLA - this is not worth your time or money!It was a last minute decision to go to Café Sbisa so me and my girlfriends went there without a reservation. They were really nice to give us a table on by the balcony so we could enjoy the nice view and music on the street, and our waitress Ashely was wonderful! We had crab cake for appetizer and fish w/ bbq shrimp and lamb chop for entrees, all very tasty! Loved everything here!I really wonder about all the good reviews here. Really old looking place with very bland tasting food.
They claim to be established in 1899 and don't think they made any progress since then. Especially, on the service part.
Please do yourself a favor and choose one of many better restaurants in New Orleans.Fantastic! Best meal that I had in New Orleans. Also, when chef walks up to each patron on a busy Saturday night to ask how food is, that is a plus in my book. Great ambiance, excellent food. My favorite place to eat in NO.The pros:  every efn thing about Cafe Sbisa stands out. 
My wife and I celebrated our 1st wedding anniversary here and it was amazing. I had the Trout Eugene which was bursting with flavor and the Mrs had the jambalaya pasta which was outstanding. The service here is the best I've experienced in a very long time. For desert we had the bread pudding topped with vanilla bean ice cream. By far the best bread pudding I've tasted.We just got back to our hotel.. The food was good but that was by far the worst service we've had in NO. Half the restaurant was empty but they made us wait 15 minutes for a table. Then.. No service, no napkins, no water, nothing while he pretended to be busy on his computer. He had four tables!! There are so many better places in the French Quarter, I'll never go back.There is no shortage of restaurants to chose from in NOLA, and historic ones too. Our research lead me to Cafe Sbisa, the third oldest fine-dining in the area. I love how the restaurant looks, you can see the history. They are supposed to have some of the best crab cakes in town too. They welcomed us and allowed us to bring in our stroller. We had to sit back in the corner, but it worked. We had to get the Gumbo and Turtle Soup, both were pretty good. And the crab cakes. Service was nice. It was quiet and a great NOLA experience.Amazing. We arrived a little earlier than our reservation time. We sat at the bar and ordered happy hour drinks. They were nice and strong. Bartender was cool and friendly. We went upstairs. For apps we ordered - fried green tomatoes, turtle soup, and fried oysters. Delicious all around. We all ended up ordering the same main course- the courtbouillion. It was fantastic -filled with seafood. We were greedy and couldn't finish it all but we still ordered dessert. Red velvet cheesecake, Banana Parfait, and the bread pudding. We literally ate a couple of bites and were done! They were all good. The food was rich and well presented. Now the service - 5 star. Servers were pleasant, even those that weren't assigned to our table checked on us and made conversation. The manager came by and checked on us twice. I actually left my credit card there. Both my server and the manager called me and then texted me. By the time I got the message I was out of the area and the restaurant was closed. I was leaving the country the next day (before they opened). I left a message, Scott called back and said he would be there. I returned and there were quite a few staff members still there. They let me in and were so friendly while I was waiting for my card to be brought downstairs. Thank you Angelique, Scott and Kevin for the great service.What a wonderful surprise! Having only reviews to go on, I was a little hesitant when I saw the exterior of the building. However, once we walked in, I knew we were in for a wonderful evening! A beautiful old world dinning atmosphere with crisp, white table linens and impeccable service. Each bite was excellent (from the Sbisa Oysters - variation on Rockerfeller to the amazing crunch on the perfectly cooked and seasoned veal to the perfect rack of lamb)... We drooled at the dessert menu, but just could eat one more wonderful bite.
The Turtle soup was packed with flavor and I will be back! Music is on Friday and Saturday nights.... Can't wait!We came from Austin and wanted a nice restaurant we picked this through Yelp by far the best food I've ever had three brothers run the place very personal executive chef shook my free complimentary dessert for anniversary can't say enough about a place like thisI'm glad that Piscobar's kitchen was closed because we ended up eating good at Cafe Sbisa!! 
Brunch was being served with live jazz music and the option for bottomless mimosas. How can I say no?? Gregory was amazing and was attentive. No empty glasses on my table and flutes were always full of booze. For brunch, Carlos got Shrimp and Grits, while I got Grillades and Grits. First off, I need to learn how to make grits like that because that was the best tasting grits I have ever had. The veal was amazing too and the sauce was just great. 
The tour guide from a rum tour we went to mentioned this place. I'm glad he did because I had one of the best brunch experiences ever.We went on a date here and had a great time. The staff is super nice and helpful. We sat outside and enjoyed our night very much. My boyfriend and I hadn't seen each other in a while since he's in the AF and the restaurant was sweet and gave us a delicious dessert to share.BBQ Crawfish was below average. Shrimp were over cooked and some had disentrgrated in shell. Gumbo du jour on other hand I loved. It was in a nice light roux with a little spice kick. Margarita I had was tasty and service ambiance and live music were impeccable.We went there for dinner and were pleasantly surprised by a great quality of food, nice and fast service and affordable prices (in comparison to New York). Their gumbo soup and grilled shrimp with bbq (not regular but local home made sauce with a bit of kick) were delicious. You pay $15-20 more than many other restaurants in total but get much better experience. Highly recommended!!!Excellent find!  I suspect it will get increasingly hard to get a dinner reservation - they've only been reopened for 3 months, and we were able to get one a couple hours in advance. The ambience was exactly what we were looking for - elegant but neither stuffy nor crowded. The jazz trio was excellent. As was the food. We enjoyed several seafood dishes amongst our party of four. Our waitress was not as polished as you might expect for the price point, but she was knowledgeable about the menu, attentive, and so sweet that I can't really fault her.Cafe Sbisa is so good we chose to go there for two of our three dinners while visiting NOLA. The service is world class and they treat you like royalty. But, the environment is still casual, welcoming, and not stuffy. For appetizers we tried both the gumbo and the oysters. Both were fantastic. The entrees are what wow'd us though! I had the BBQ shrimp and my wife had the Courtbouillon. I will say, the BBQ Shrimp are near the top of my "best meals ever" list. They were truly incredible, hence the reason I had to go back and order them again before we left. They are peel and eat, so be prepared to get a little messy. The courtbouillon was also incredible and full of seafood. I really don't think you can go wrong here. THIS is the restaurant you need to try if you love good food. Look no further for your dinner tonight!!We came to Cafe Sbisa for the Sunday jazz brunch. We were celebrating my best friends wedding anniversary. I am from Baltimore and I chose Cafe Sbisa because it was highly recommended on TripAdvisor and Yelp. We were seated quickly by the manager and hostess. Ms. Pat was our waitress and she was amazing. We ordered bottomless mimosas and she made sure our glasses were always full. The food, drinks, band, and service was of superior quality. I would highly suggest coming here for a special occasion, date night, or a nice get together with friends. Make sure you ask for Ms. Pat!The wonderful live jazz was a treat. The seafood and steaks are delightful. For the #1 food city in the south, it is hard to be competitive, but Cafe Sbisa does so easily.  I'll return to this New Orleans favorite.A delicious southern meal in a restaurant with wonderful decor. Beware - the portions are huge!Came here for a birthday dinner. Were able to make reservations the same day which was great! We had the melon prosciutto salad to share which was incredible. I had the fish du jour and he had the duck, born of which were incredible. We ended with the bread pudding and a glass of port. All were great choices and you couldn't go wrong!If you love Rebirth you'll love it here. Amazing atmosphere, very cozy and fun but still sophisticated. Wonderful people at every turn. And the food... we decided the best dish was the steak and crab meat with spaghetti and lemon sauce. We hate lemon sauce but this still brought tears to our eyes. Every dish was made with love and it showed. 
Couldn't have picked a better anniversary spot for 2 foodies in love!Attentive service with a smile.  Good food.  Great smooth jazz duo.  Nice ambience.  We found it to be a wonderful place in the French Quarter to enjoy a pleasant dinner.This us probably the best meal I've ever had.... Anywhere. The turtle soup was amazing. I had the Trout Eugene and my wife got the Courtbruille. Her's was better than mine but both were excellent. We were able to sit on the second story balcony and enjoy the ciry skyline and the sites of Decatur St.Amazing gumbo and turtle soup. Serve everyone's plates at the same time. Dont have to dress fancy. A little pricey but worth it!This was the perfect place for a beautiful (and delicious!) brunch after a crazy night in Nola. Staff is friendly and accommodating, the food is outstanding, and the atmosphere is great! I would recommend to everyone! Can't wait to come back.I really love this restaurant because the waiters and waitresses make you, their customers, feel very welcome. When I went there with my family, we ordered food and said that we were going to share some of the dishes. When the food came, they had already split the food into four plates! And four waiters came to serve each one of us at once. I love Cafe Sbisa!This place is a gem! First, the ambiance is perfect for any occasion. they had a jazz band playing in their main room which completed the NOLA experience for us. My group ended up reserving a table on the balcony overlooking the main street and the view was amazing. We were also able to listen to the live jazz band playing in the streets of NOLA. As we were seated by the courteous servers, we were offered with their drink specials. This restaurant offers authentic NOLA cuisine. For my main course, I ended up getting the court-bouillon dish. This dish was excellent. It had many different mixtures of seafood in a very flavorful broth with rice in the middle. The garlic biscuit were also unlimited so I made sure to dip this in the delicious broth. Their mixed drinks were also really good. I ended up getting the rum punch and they were really strong. If you're in NOLA, this place is a must! After dinner we walked around the area since its close to many bars.My husband and I happened on this wonderful restaurant and were so pleased with everything about our experience there.  We were greeted at the door and the whole atmosphere was so nice. Our wait staff, Lindsey and Marshall, were so attentive - answered questions and made suggestions. My husband had turtle soup which he loved and their wedge salad. The garlic bread was served hot - so so good! I had the petite filet which was cooked perfectly as was the asparagus. It was served with garlic mashed potatoes which were the best I have ever eaten. We ended our meal with the white chocolate bread pudding - delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant!We came here for dinner on my birthday. Overall the meal was good but it didn't blow us out of the water.
We were seated on the first floor. It was unseasonably cold while we were in New Orleans so the patio upstairs wasn't open - it does however look very cute up there. The bf and I both started with the gumbo of the day. It was delicious! Probably the best dish of the night. Next we split the house salad - it was good and the kitchen actually split it for us onto two plate which was really nice. The bf and I both had fish for our mains. He got the fish of the day and I got the fish special. Both were nice - mine was served with crab meat on top (I had expected a little more than what it came with but in the end I couldn't finish the main anyway). We wrapped it all up with some chocolate cake for dessert.
As I mentioned, the food and experience are good, but we had better food and better experiences at other restaurants in New Orleans. In addition we got the feeling that our server was trying to up-sell us (on the wine and on the mains) which is really annoying. If the food was not as good as it was, this would have been a 3/5 but the food makes up for it."It's Jazzfest" so don't ever go here. The staff and management couldn't handle a big party and rather than try to do a somewhat decent job in serving us, they kicked us out. The restaurant is poorly managed, the staff is green and the bartender was only able to make "simple" drinks. Apparently that means sending you a bottle of champagne un-opened because we had to show the server how to open the bottle. A huge let down. Best thing about this place is that we got to leave before we had to pay for what was sure to be a bad meal. Avoid this place at all cost.Melon and prosciutto salad, crab cakes and gumbo all on point. Great service, nice ambience and delicious cocktails. Glad we came.Want to rate it a 4.5, but oh well. Excellent food, the only minor grouch was that the shrimp bbq's broth was a little too salty (probably to flavor the shrimp well) but I am sure their fantastic chefs can figure a way out to keep it a little less salty whilst adding flavor to the shelled shrimps using alternate spices/techniques. All in all, a great place...Wait staff was super nice but our food was okay at best. The sauce on the trout was yummy, the fish of the day was okay and the app of oysters sbisa was not something I'd recommend. The spinach was off. The wine was too warm. But again, the staff was super nice.From the warm atmosphere, historic elegant interior with its inside balcony seating, and top notch professional service, to a wonderful menu we were feeling really lucky at stumbling into a lovely and memorable dining experience.  This will definitely be a regular on our visits to New Orleans henceforth. Made a reservation and arrived a little early. We were taken to the 2nd floor balcony which runs around the perimeter and overlooks the attractive bar and dining area below. The atmosphere is quiet with great jazz favorites in the background making conversation easy even as the tables soon filled up. I had checked the dress code which indicated business casual but I had to check after being seated because the service was warm but at formal standards. I like that! Makes the experience seem like a genuine special occasion. You'd feel comfortable here whether in casual clothes or formal; the atmosphere is great. We started with just the crab cakes, fresh and light with  light sauce. Ceaser salad, wedge salad with blue cheese and caramelized onion, and the house salad with vinaigrette; all good portions and delicate flavors. Entrees; pork rib eye, cooked as requested, nice portion, delicious. Blackened redfish seasoned beautifully, moist and tender, and I ordered the bbq shrimps. These are jumbo, in-the-shell shrimps bbq'd and served in an amazing sauce with a nice slice of toasted french bread to soak up the juice. I don't quite know how to describe this amazing sauce. This dish is a must. The dark sauce has a rich flavor from the shrimp juices, a hint of tamarind, and just the right bit of spiciness. I loved it. Had the banana parfait and "ice cream sandwich" for desert. Both a nice surprise and delicious.Impeccable service, impeccable food!!!!  I cannot say enough positive things about Cafe Sbisa.  Even though it was crowded on a Wednesday night, we were treated as though we were the only patrons.  My group had several different dishes and EVERYTHING was amazing!! The fried green tomatoes, crab cakes, trout eugene are a MUST, but most importantly DO NOT leave without trying the bread pudding. I don't like bread pudding so I had no intention of trying it, but the others in my group were going on about it so I had to try it.  Literally the best dessert I have ever eaten!!  The only negative, is that we started our week-long trip here at Cafe Sbisa, so every meal we had after this one could not compare. 
 This will be a must stop every time we come to New Orleans.To a very small degree we can blame this on the fact it was New Year's Eve, but to a very small degree. We were seated on the third floor which should have already been a dead give away that service would suffer and of course lack the live music. We ordered and waited. And waited. And waited. Took a good half hour to get our wine. Received bread when our meal came out. Had to ask for water several times as well as missing dishes. I think for the most part the servers were doing the best they could but clearly the gentleman needed additional training. He spilled water on two guests, said he got lost when briniging our wine chiller and generally seemed overwhelmed. I will say, the food was very good. The salads were tasty and veal was delicious. Perhaps they need to reconsider the use of the third floor. It is not conducive to good service.I am a self proclaimed picky eater and have high expectations when I dine out. This is the first and only play I have been where I could not say anything bad. From the moment I stepped into the door everyone was welcoming. Since I dine alone I didn't experience this but enjoyed witnessing the wait staff serving an entire table at once. I mean each plate was placed down at the same time !!!!!!  
As I say, usually I'm the one that had to make changes to the menu when ordering but not tonight. I actually ate cooked spinach and mixed greens in my salad. Just when i thought the evening couldn't get better the owner stopped by my table!!!!!  Thanks to you and your staff for the best dining experiences I have ever had!!!!Went during Sunday brunch. Slow somber bossa nova complimented the deep flavors of my gumbo. Excellent atmosphere and best service we've encountered so far during our stay in nola.This is my first yelp review. As a New Yorker coming to Nola for the first time, this is the spot you want to go to. The 3rd oldest establishment in the city. The food is truly excellent, flavorful, and eclectic. The service is incredible and the atmosphere is authentic. I highly recommend eating on the balcony and taking in the live jazz music coming from across the street.Went in because its the first restaurant we saw after leaving the french market and it was more than why I expected it to be.  Everyone is so friendly and very impressed. If you're looking for an elegant restaurant and romantic go here. When they play jazz it really sets the mood.Balcony, inside or out, great jazz, amazing crab cakes, veal to die for, Courtbouillon (sp) to melt your heart, all served with the most attentive NOLA courtesy. Can't be beat for twice the price!Best food on NOLA, as a spoiled Californian I finally found this place where the food is exquisite and creativeWhat a classy joint! Professional service, amazing food, great music and ambiance (we were there Saturday evening).This gem in the "Big Easy" offers an amazing atmosphere and ambience including white table cloths and napkins!  The appetizers and entrees are very succulent. Not to mention a very well rounded selection of wines and signature NOLA cocktails. The entertainment, staff, cuisine and service is phenomenal! Thank you Alfred, Patti and Sean for ensuring I had an extraordinary experience in NOLA!Oh my!!!! A must for the Shias Seafood Aperitif!!!! What a way to eat fried green tomatoes. The Louisiana Crab Au Gratin was so amazing. The crispy oysters with blue cheese,bacon and crystal butter will change the way you think of oysters!!!! You have got to come eat here. What a chef!!! The wait staff was so amazing!!!!!We came here for dinner during Mardi Gras weekend. The restaurant wasn't super busy but there was live music. The space is beautiful with a mural painted on one wall. It also had a wonderful old southern vibe with Jazz playing. 
For food we got the lamb and trout eugene. The trout was pretty good until you tried the lamb. The corn pudding that came with the lamb dish was incredible. It was so full of flavor. It was my favorite thing that I ate my whole time in New Orleans. I would come back to this restaurant just for that dish. 
Definitely come here and definitely try the lamb.5/5 Cafe Sbisa has it all! Amazing, friendly waitstaff, tasty food, generous portions and great atmosphere. My friends and I came here on a Sunday for the jazz brunch. We opted in for the $15 bottomless mimosas. Owen, our waiter was so attentive and generous with the pours. Food was great! Everyone got something different: chicken and waffles, crawfish omelette, oyster po boy and the jambalaya pasta - all winners! Will definitely come back against my next visit!My wife and I got the seafood stew. Outstanding. My wife first ordered the duck, but it was in- cooked  to her liking. They chgd it without question. My wife also got desert and liked it alsoMy husband and I ate there on a recommendation of our hotel concierge. We arrived at our reservation time and they wanted to seat us squished next to another table although there was not a crowd.  We were eventually seated on the balcony which was nice.  We had the crab cakes which were very good and the dinner went down hill from that.  The  Redfish was very dry and over cooked and the Duck Confit was a tough piece of meat that was smothered in a gloppy sauce with some very soggy and greasy french fries underneath.  I have had Duck Confit many times before and it fell off the bone--not so in this case.  The chef came out to see why we complained and actually ended up taking the fish off the bill.  Sorry chef--you need to do better than that on those two dishes.Wonderful dinner tonight with coworkers!  Fried green tomato appetizer was lovely.  Also tried the crab cakes...perfectly breaded and light.  We tried the red fish and pork with sweet potatoes...to die for!  Our waiter, Sam, was the best.  So attentive, always keeping our waters and wine full.  I made a mistake on our wine order and he made sure to double check.  At most places they would have just brought out what I asked for and charged me for the more expensive bottle ( it would have been my mistake).  He did not...so thoughtful.  Ended the evening with a lovely cheesecake and bread pudding.  Would highly recommend.Came here after doing some tours around French Quarter. Was starving and this restaurant did not disappoint. Didn't have a reservation, but called ten minutes before and was seated. It wasn't crowded when we got there around 7 PM on a Wednesday. The waiters are professional and attentive. I ordered the Gumbo of the day, which was seafood and delicious!! For my entree I ordered the Courtbouillon and it was pleasing to see and also it pleased my tummy. The seafood in it was juicy and cooked perfectly. There were clams, mussels, fish, rice in it. It was a lot of food so I had to take it home. While we were waiting for our food they brought out bread, which was toasted in butter - it was sooooo heavenly! Definitely never tasted it so perfectly toasted. It tasted like taking a bite into a fluffy cloud. Great experience!What an awesome time at an amazing restaurant "Cafe Sbisa".  From arrival to departure the staff was every inviting and the food was absolutely SCRUMPTIOUS.   From the Crab cakes, Oysters Sbisa, Gumbo Du Jour and Trout Eugene to the Banana Parfait. And yes I had it all.  The staff did not miss a beat, we didn't have to request anything not even a to go box.  The food flowed so smoothly to our table I didn't know what to do so yes I just continued eating. Lol. I also had the pleasure of meeting one of the Owners/ Executive Chef Alfred Singleton.   Chef Al is also a fellow Alumni of my high school so it made my visit that much sweeter just to support one of our own. He is doing great things at Cafe Sbisa so go out and experience it for yourself.   Needless to say I will be back. Thanks again to everyone great first visit.