A very enchanting atmosphere. Got the special ravioli which was awesome. Fiancé forgot the strip steak and licked his plate. The green apple sorbet was the perfect ending.Was visiting NOLA and wanted something different than the typical French Quarter restaurants.  This place fit the bill.  I would describe it as a good neighborhood bistro.  We arrived early for our reservation and had to wait for our table to be ready.  Got a good local rum from the bartender while we waited.  
Decided to try the prix fixe dinner offered.  Started with crab and andouille cheesecake.  Very light taste, better than most crab cakes we've had.  Followed that up with the soft shell crab salad, a deep fried crab served over an avocado salad.  Very tasty.  For the dessert course my wife had the raspberry chambord cake and I had the floating island.  The cake was excellent.  The floating island was meringue with almonds and caramel in cream fraiche.  Light but rich. 
Service was spotty.  Our waiter was hard to find sometimes but there and ready at other times.After Jazz Fest, as we walked our way out of the congestion to secure an Uber ride home, we arrived at Cafe Degas. While my wife and oldest daughter were very familiar with the Cafe, I was not. We inquired about a table and an accommodation was reached, thanks to their manager, which allowed us to be seated and we agreed to work within their time frame as all the tables had been reserved for later.
We ordered a wide selection from the hors d'oeuvres menus and it worked out perfectly. We had the made to order ravioli, the steamed mussels, the Brussels sprout salad, and a cheese platter. They also provided fresh baked hard crust bread. Incredible.
The service was excellent as was the preparation of the selections. I love the decor. A little B&B, European inn, homey style. Loved it.What a delightful surprise!  We stopped for a late lunch after leaving NOMA and we were not kept waiting long for our table for two (without reservations!).  While we waited at the bar, my husband ordered their Bloody Mary - which he complimented - and I had a nice glass of white wine - we were seated before we'd had a few sips.  We skipped starters and went straight to a duck confit with risotto and green onion sausage and golden beets for me and a soft shell crab with lentils and Haricot vert for him.  Delicious!  I enjoyed my duck so much I was prompted to investigate more about duck confit!  The service was prompt and friendly, the sour dough bread was soft and crusty, and the ambiance was perfect!  We will be coming back, I'm certain of it.Wonderful setting. Cheese board is the best in town. Fried oysters are fresh and cooked to perfection. Excellent wine selection.This might be my favorite restaurant...of ALL TIME!  I have been a loyal patron since my first visit in 2004.  The atmosphere is very charming, the patio is great when the weather permits.  Parking is easy to find nearby.  Mussels...DA BOMB!  Come to thing of it, all the food is great.  The best part...AUTHENTIC FRENCH CUISINE at VERY reasonable prices.Who says you have to have a white table cloth and fancy speaking waiters to be 5 stars?? This place is fantastic!! I could've stopped at the French onion soup, but I had the Eggs Sardou (poached eggs laid in the middle of artichokes on top of a bed of Creme spinach), Janie had the eggs Benedict. BOTH dishes were prepared with exquisite decadence and the taste, well, not the right words to say how good it was. Definitely a favorite. Looking forward to come back and see what the dinner menu is all about. This place is worth eery penny. Service, atmosphere and food very much earned 5 stars!! Bon appetite!Degas is a wonderful French bistro with a charming neighborhood bistro location right on Esplanade Avenue. It has has become a family tradition as we live in the neighborhood. It is true un-creolized French (except perhaps for the grillades and grits on the Sunday brunch menu) with a hanger steak with pomme frittes for anyone in your party who doesn't go for that sort of thing. Do try the excellent soups (the onion is heavenly) and the mussels appetizers but you had best split the mussels if you're going to leave room for dinner.The French food is amazing here! Great brunch spot for two, or a large group with a reserved table. If you're dining with 3-4 people the tables get pretty cramped. The porch view is great when the weather is nice, and I appreciate the natural atmosphere (oak tree growing through the building!). The service is genenerally very good, but during our most recent visit they weren't as spot on as always; drinks weren't refilled as fast, and no one wanted to clear the tables, though they were still polite. 
I always have the escargot, and really appreciate all of the fresh vegetables. All of their entrees come with a side of vegetables or salad. The portions are always larger than you would think, and with the bread on the table, I always feel super satiated after eating here. Great bonus are the drink options on the brunch special menu - more than just mimosas, yay!I tried the onion soup and the hanger steak.  Reading great reviews, I expected better.  It was just 'okay'First time back to Cafe Degas in more than a year. Since I am a Mussels lover, I was anxious to see if the quality is still excellent. Fresh,plump mussels served with a fennel broth and a side order of Pomme Frites were very good. Crabmeat salad was tasty but nothing special or something outstanding. But then came dessert and the frozen lemon ice box pie which I must say, was simply fantastic! Highly recommend it for dessert. The dessert bumped my rating from 3 stars to 4 stars. All in all a good meal, but not worthy of my top 5 star rating.I think I may just want to marry this place and have my reception here too! 
An amazingly authentic little french restaurant that boasts the most romantic cover patio. Its a little rustic but that oddly adds to the appeal under strung lights, shrouded in trees and vines. 
I had ordered a small cheese plate, filled with  gorgeous fresh berries, figs and honey. While splitting a plate of buttery escargot and bubbly onion cheese soup with the boyfriend. Everything right down to the crispy bread was perfect and in no rush. I highly recommend seating near the patio entrance to watch people go by while savoring a wine. Its a little on the pricier side here but will make for memorable impressions and conversation. Love. Love. Love!!This was our first time venturing out to Cafe Degas and I have to say it was worth it. We were celebrating my boyfriends birthday and this is a great little romantic spot. For appetizers we had the meat and cheese board, chef choice ravioli (shrimp & spinach) and potato soup all delicious! The dinner was just as good we split the steak and pommes fries, the steak was cooked perfectly and had great flavor....as for the cocktails I would suggest the Cherry Noir loved it! If you are looking for a nice little date spot with great food I would highly suggest this place. This is a place you will have to Uber to did not see a lot in the area other that neighborhoods.Terrible- made reservations for a certain time and 45 minutes still waiting to be seated. Left. Great disappointment!Sunday brunch at Café Degas was an absolute delight. I'll be wistfully daydreaming about our meal for the foreseeable future.
The restaurant itself is whimsical and sophisticated. A tree grows though the middle of the dining room, and a breeze blows through as there aren't any windows. 
Four of us reserved a table for 10:30am, right when the restaurant opens. We were seated right away and menus were presented. I had mentioned in my OpenTable reservation that I'm gluten free, and our server worked with me to help me select dishes that would be safe for me to enjoy.
I started with the escargot. It was served in a small plate with little buttery wells. The snails were lava hot when they were delivered and they smelled amazing. I was pleasantly surprised to see that several of the wells had more than one snail inside! The texture of each piece was perfect, and the butter and garlic complemented rather than overpowered the flavor.
My main brunch course was Eggs Rowen. The presentation was beautiful, and the flavor lived up to the appearance. The poached eggs were perfect; no slimy white, but a nice silky yolk. The hollandaise sauce was smooth and rich. I thought about asking for more to drizzle on my vegetables -- not because there wasn't enough, but because it tasted so good!
Our server brought over a dessert menu (on a dry erase board, which didn't really match the otherwise upscale vibe of the restaurant) and mentioned a few standout items. I'd never heard of a floating island dessert, so I had to inquire. It's a delicate meringue perched atop a pool of crème anglaise, drizzled in caramel. This dessert was like nothing else I've ever had, and I absolutely loved it. The caramel was rich and decadent without being cloyingly sweet. The meringue was light and airy. And the custard was glossy and luxurious. I could have slurped it up like soup. Just wonderful.
I presented a $25 restaurant.com certificate, and our bill was adjusted accordingly. Including tip, drinks, and three courses for each of us, we walked out with happy bellies and parting with about $50 apiece. For as well as we ate, that was a complete steal.
I can't speak highly enough about Café Degas. I'm confident I'll be visiting again on all of my future trips to New Orleans.Ooh this place is delicious! I highly recommend this place for a cosy and ambient dining experience! My only complaint is that they were out of 3 different wines that we tried to order. Which was a little frustrating after that many times. However, the food and service were fantastic!!This was my third time dining at Café Degas and it will definitely be the last. The place was packed and the staff was rushing around frantically and appeared overworked. My waiter gave me the strong impression that he would rather have been anywhere else. Eventually I got seated and placed my order. My entrée arrived only a few minutes after the appetizer. As he sets the entrée down my waiter asks me if I'm "still working on" the appetizer, obviously hoping to whisk away my plate. Excuse me? I had an appetizer of duck foie gras and a jumbo softshell crab entrée. The foie gras arrived half frozen. The crab was passable, but not memorable. After making me hurry through my appetizer lest my entrée grow cold, the waiter forgot to bring me the glass of Sancerre I had ordered to go with the crab. I had to flag him down to get it. Worst of all, I felt very rushed throughout the entire meal. Not good.The french onion soup is wonderful! As well as the escargot! Other dishes are all very yummy! I also enjoyed the dessert!One of our favorite places to dine.  We always come here during Mardi Gras.  Made the trip again on January 26, 2013.  And as usual, the food, service, ambience, everything was fantastic.  Anything on the menu will please you. If I lived in New Orleans I'd dine here every Saturday.
The flash-fried oysters are my favorite.  The hanger steak is awesome.  The wife likes the cheese board and the french onion soup.  Can't wait to go back!Dinner was great. Foie gras was as good as Paris. Go. Enjoy. Close your eyes and imagine the Eiffel Tower towering over your view!A perfect evening - great service, excellent French cuisine, and quintessential New Orleans ambiance.This will not the best restaurant you will eat at and certainly not the best french one. But Degas has genuine soul, a charming dining room and consistent, tasty food and will always have my heart.Atmosphere can't be beat.  There used to be a little cat that would walk around greeting us while we ate, which made this restaurant feel very authentic...  They said the government stepped in and made them get rid of it.  Pity.We ended our NOLA trip with an after-dinner visit to Degas, as recommended by our hosts.  It was packed, and an excellent choice.  We like sitting at the bar and watching the bartender work- you can learn a lot about liquors from how they construct drinks.  We had champagne and red wine, so cannot report on the quality of the drinks but he puts many personal twists into them.  I would love to try his salzeracs, manhattans, and  old fashions!  Also, I would rate the pours as generous and the cost quite reasonable.
We had a Brussels Sprouts Salad and French onion soup, and for desert the lemon ice box pie.  All were excellent and would recommend all.  I only give 5* reviews for unforgettable meals, so only 4* because it was not the full dining experience.   Would definitely recommend and would visit again.I love Cafe Degas.  A cozy little French cafe' located on Esplanade Ave.  Start with the cheese plate and go from there.  Wonderful French food.  If you like to eat rich, you can't go wrong here.  The tables are tiny and cozy and perfect for dates.  This was the first place that I ever had escargot (liked it!).  I always leave full and happy.Such a sweet little place!  Where we spent my birthday dinner with our lovely discount from restaurant.com in May 2014.  My creme brulee was my favorite part of the evening but my parmesan crusted veal was delish as well.Came in with my wife this evening. We made a reservation,  but decided to come in early to have a drink at the bar. We sat at the bar (which seats about five,  and we were the only two). Within a few moments,  a server came behind the bar with a request . The bartender very angrily and audibly began arguing with the waitress about the drink order. Over the next 10 minutes,  we continued to sit. The bartender didn't acknowledge us, literally didn't so much as make eye contact, let alone greet us or, ya know, offer us a drink. As someone who spent about 12 years waiting tables, this was a huge disappointment.  Again, we were the only two at a 5-6 seat bar for about 12 minutes. Luckily the hostess finally motioned to us that our table was ready. It was ok from there. I had the lamb, wife had the tuna salad. The meal was decent,  but the early experience at the bar just kind of set a negative tone for the rest of the evening.Very relaxing. Enjoyed the medium rare lamb. It's also suggestive to wear business casual . Definitely coming backCharming little place. We were seated immediately.  Menu was limited for me (typical, so I just roll). My Charming Companion had a Bloody Mary which he deemed above average. 
Waiting for our food we listened to the rain beat down on the roof for a bit while looking at the beautiful trees. 
Fast forward to dessert: Charming Companion had a Creme Brule and I had the lavender ice cream. I would have liked either a larger than melon baller scoop or a couple of more passes with said melon baller but my Charming Companion's eyes were all shiney because this was a Creme Brule to surpass them all and that's all that matters.We had made Sunday brunch reservations on Open Table a couple days prior, and arrived on time at noon.  Beautiful food was being whisked by us as we waited, and waited, and were finally told that our table was up next.  Several other parties arrived after us, and some without reservations were told it'd be about an hour wait...  We waited nearly a half hour, and after watching at least 3 parties who'd arrived after us be seated, we checked in again with the host and finally left -disgusted.  Very disappointing as we were looking forward to a delicious experience.They had some staff that spoke frensh , good drinks and good coffee , the food was ok ,Food and atmosphere were amazing. Our server was beyond great. We had the eggs Beni, escargot:best I ever had and veal grillades and grits and you can't find a better place.First and last time for this place. We had a party of three and were given a table that would even be small for two people. The tables are all very close together and the restaurant is very noisy. We waited for an hour and ten minutes for our appetizers and then they brought the wrong one. There is more to this story, too long to write, but in the end we walked out without ever getting our main course. If you want to eat out in N.O. there are many fine dining experiences waiting out there for you, just not this one...My partner and I live nearby so we came here for a quick drink and small bite to eat while riding around town, early evening. We were seated right away. The menu was promising and had many options that looked very good. The waiter stopped by to take our drink orders; taking my partner's order first. I was looking at the wine list. I began to order and then looked up after hearing no response to see the waiter fumbling and walking away with the dishes from the table behind us- mid order- Can it not wait?? We got up and left immediately. Can't speak for the food, it looked really good, but I am confused/upset about the rude service.A little over a year ago, I lived on Esplanade literally across the street (okay, maybe a few houses toward the park) from Cafe Degas, and it was one of our favorite places to go for brunch. You can only get the quiche during brunch, and it's fantastic, so we made a point to go there on Sundays as often as we could afford to. Which, to be honest, wasn't nearly as often as we'd have liked, but overall I got to spend a decent amount of time here. 
First of all, how can you not love a place that has a tree growing inside it? Surely they built the restaurant around the tree (unless the restaurant is a few hundred years old...) but the effect is absolutely charming. It's one of the may places in NOLA where you walk in and are instantly transported to another time and place -- in this case it's somewhere very French, somewhere very hidden, and somewhere you're quite overjoyed to have stumbled upon. 
They keep somewhat odd hours, so be sure to check before you go. I've had many a disappointment and redirected lunch meeting that was originally scheduled here, and yet I continue to fail to check their hours. I'm almost certain they observe the New Orleans Sabbath and are closed on Mondays, but it extends beyond that. So, once again, either go there with a backup plan or make sure they're open before you head that way.Always wonderful. The atmosphere is very charming and the food is always excellent, especially the onion soup. It's such a pleasure to come hereThis is a pleasant French Bistro!   The atmosphere is mostly open-air, covered patio on the tree lined Esplanade Ave.  short taxi trip from French Quarter, but a sporty walk.  Generally rich, saucy French style entrees of seafoods, meats, etc.  appetizers are excellent cheese plates, salads,etc.  service is attentive and knowledgable.  This place is an excellent combination of food, service, ánd atmosphere.  A desire able accompaniment to visits to the Art Museum Or City Park.  This place is jammed during Jazz Fest, a few short blocks away, so make reservations!  This is one of the few purely French restaurants in New Orleans.Ce restaurant est formidable! I've been fortunate to dine here 5 times or so, but this was my first visit for brunch. We couldn't have asked for a more beautiful day to be seated on their all weather, open air patio. The patio overlooks beautiful Esplanade avenue and it was such a nice day, there were dog walkers, runners and people riding bikes all afternoon. 
Our server saw that our trio was in for a long, boozy brunch and made sure not to rush us. Long, relaxed dining experiences are what I live for!
We all ordered Mimosas, and I tried their Peach Mimosa with my appetizer course. It was sweet, and a little tangy. Delightful! I did order a third drink with my main course and I have to say this is the only place I've been to in New Orleans that offers Pouilly-Fousse by the glass! *BONUS POINTS*.
We tried their escargot, which were tender and garlicky, just the way I want my snails to be! The Boudin Noir which is a blood sausage served with a sweet, baked apple tart and even though I've never had blood sausage before I decided I was going try it anyways. My server actually said "I have so much respect for you, you're going to really like it." And I did! I impressed my server! Lol, thank you!
For our main courses we ordered the waffle with praline butter and served with cane syrup. I would seriously put that cane syrup on everything. (I kind of did too, by drizzling it over my bacon strips.) Also enjoyed was the Crab Crepe with Hollandaise, mushrooms and asparagus as well as the Quiche of the Day which this time featured spinach and Swiss.
I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant for a romantic or special occasion as well as catching up with the girlfriends over brunch. 
J'adore!Lovely little French bistro with an intimate and quiet atmosphere in a cute little neighborhood. 
The must tries here are the homemade ravioli (crawfish and mushroom in the most delectable lemon butter sauce our water recommended more of the complimentary bread to soak up the sauce and glad he did), the scallops, cheesecake and the most amazing creme brûlée I've had yet in the states. Definitely a must try! 
Be sure to make a reservation since the place is a little small.Our dinner was phenomenal. The jumbo prawn appetizer with black bean cake and avocado purée is second to none and enough for three. French onion soup was the best I ever had.Food was okay, the atmosphere great, and our waitress was really friendly. We ordered the calf liver and pate board. The calf liver was fried which was a first for us, but not bad just underwhelming. The pate board was tasty and definitely a decent choice. Cute spot.We were very pleased with our dinner.  The soft shelled crab over field greens and strawberrys was delicious.  Our table was located comfortably on an outdoor/indoor patio.  The wine list was nice.  Our service was adequate, not extraordinary.   We will recommend the Cafe Degas to our friends for the nice French fare and the ambience..Although I had a delicious meal, I was annoyed when we went there recently. We went to take advantage of Coolinary New Orleans, after reading that the menu online included hanger steak for the promotion.  When we got there they told us that the menu changed every day and it was not available.
I have since looked on the Coolinary New Orleans site and Cafe Degas seems to be one of the few that change the menu items available from what is posted there.  I mean the whole point of the website is to inform you what dishes will be included.
So if you plan to go as part of the Coolinary deal, call ahead and see what is included in the deal that day.I was really excited about Reveillon dinner at Cafe Degas. I thought it was great value and the menu sounded very good to me.
And in truth, the meal was mostly fine. I enjoyed the salad (love arugula), the crawfish ravioli (even though they forgot to give us this course and I had to tell them that we never got the ravioli when we were served our third course), and the rack of lamb. The merguez was rather uninteresting, but the lamb was delicious, and I particularly enjoyed the ratatouille.
Yes, everything was going alright... Until the dessert. You see, my sister had never had pot de creme before and I was introducing it to her, and our pot de creme was overcooked! Instead of a perfect smooth richness, our spoons were met with a grainy, cake-like texture. Mine was tolerable in the middle, so I kept digging in the center, leaving the edges untouched, but my sister's was in an even worse state and tasted watery. I could see the water separating from the cake-like thing that I wouldn't call pot de creme. I was very disappointed with this, and wanting my sister to try the pot de creme that I imagine in my head when I hear those words, I ended up having to make my own at home the next day.
I may be back for the lamb, but I guess I won't be staying for dessert.Such a great little place! The open air, the plants and the quaint atmosphere all make for a very charming spot.
Our selections are below. I do recommend them all! 
Le Plateau De Fromages - Selection of domestic and imported cheeses. Also included grapes, blackberries and peach slices. Board  14.00
L' Onglet De Boeuf - Seared hanger steak, pomme frites, vegetables, toasted garlic bordelaise. 19.50
La Crèpe au Crabe, Sauce Hollandaise - Jumbo lump crabmeat, wild mushrooms, asparagus. 16.50. It was a little heavy on the sauce for my taste, but easily scraped off. 
Shrimp & Grits app on a menu insert. 
Their Bellini seems to be a mix of Champagne and a peach juice, not peach purée. Not what I expected, but tasty nonetheless. 
I HIGHLY recommend this spot!We had a terrible experience here unfortunately, despite good reviews. The bottle of wine we ordered was not good and overpriced. And when we asked to change, the manager was rude and condescending. This also makes the initial taste of the wine obviously a moot point. The patés barely had any flavor and the mussels were very fishy. We ended up leaving after a very disappointing experience overall. Save your money and go to the million other options in NOLA!We usually really enjoy this place, but today it was really off. The hanger steak was too tough to chew, and the service was mediocre. Going to give this place a rest.Very disappointed.  Love the food & the atmosphere, but the service last night was atrocious.  Drinks took forever, sazerac was awful, served my french onion soup at the same time as my meal (cardinal sin 1), cleared my guests plate before I was done eating (cardinal sin 2), reached over table and guests (cardinal sin 3).  Hope the waitstaff gets some training before I go back.I had dinner at Café Degas this weekend and had a wonderful experience. This little area in Faubourg St. John is nice place for a change of pace. I went over to Swirl first for the free wine tasting then to Café Degas for dinner. I fell in love with my St. Germain gin and tonic! It was such a refreshing drink. I had the soup of the day which was lobster bisque. It was creamy and had beautiful pieces of sweet lobster. My friend had the French onion. My sample of this was a mouthful of cheese but that was fine by me. I had the paneed veal for my entrée with a nice lemon caper sauce. My veal was a bit on the chewy side, but the dish overall was quite good. My friend had the rack of lamb which was also rather tasty with a nice crust on the outside. She had the crème brulee for dessert but I was stuffed. We had a coupon (from their website) and the bill was more than manageable. A fairly casual bistro-like atmosphere, but the candlelit tables at dinner add to the ambiance. The wait staff was attentive and friendly. Overall, it helps make for a nice evening out in Faubourg St. John.Cafe Degas was a good time.  
First off let me tell you that the venue has a very cool vibe.  French cuisine with a southern feel.  It's like your sitting on the porch in the bayou.
The french onion soup is amazing.  I also had the brussels spout salad and veal medallion.  The veal medallion wasn't the best.  Not a huge fan of the fry, but still an okay dish.  The steaks at the table were tasty.  
My only serious gripe about the place is that the bar is very small.  There wasn't any room to wait, as the previous table had not gotten up for our reservation.This place is a little slice of Paris sitting in Mid-City.  My most favorite restaurant in NOLA.  Whether it's to celebrate Bastille Day, have brunch with a friend or cocktails after hitting NOMA on a Friday night it's FANTASTIQUE!
Sit at the bar and enjoy a St. Germain & champagne cocktail while you wait for your table.  There's one table outside that's absolutely perfect on a beautiful evening either alone or with someone special.  You can make a reservation for this special spot.  Sitting inside is full of life just like the French.  The dining area is a little cramped with heavy over sized metal outdoor furniture.  Something I'm willing to look look because the tree-house atmosphere is so divine.  
You're wondering about the food... c'est bon!  Cafe Degas is true to form on their French fare.  The mixed board of cheeses and pates is sure to please the palette.  Traditional steak and frites is also a winner.  Check out their specials because they usually have something amazing such as the soft shell crab salad *le sigh* If you never tried escargot, this is absolutely the place to do it.  My fave for dessert is the Chantilly cake.  One word... DIVINE!!!  Truly a slice of heaven.  Trust me order one for yourself because you won't want to share.
The bartender is always jovial and welcoming.  The wait staff is knows their stuff so don't hesitate to ask questions if you aren't sure what to order whether it's food or wine.
If you're looking for a special place to meet with a special someone or to celebrate something special then this is THE place.  It's truly and exceptionally special place in and of itself. 
Cafe Degas je t'aime!!!Its all delicious. Be willing to try everything. I got the lamb shanks and they were phenominal.This is a great French New Orleans Bistro with a nice atmosphere and great food. The coupon on the website helps a lot since it is pretty pricey. They also have deals on restuarants.com that you can buy but you can't combine the two in one visit. We ate on the patio which was nice and relaxed. The service wasn't great for what you would expect but the food made up for it. All of our meals were amazing! I had the L' Onglet de Boeuf which was soo good, i literally ate every last drop!
This is a perfect date place with a really romantic atmosphere!Great little bistro with dedicated staff. Chef Ryan is near brilliant here. Try hanger steak - unique and delicious. Of course the onion soup is platonic. Nice cheese boards and delightful desserts. Atmosphere is as close to french sidewalk dining as one can find in New Orleans.We came after church on  Sunday afternoon. .so of course, it was super busy.  It didn't take too long to be seated. ..but we were seated on the outdoor patio part..which was perfect to enjoy the perfect weather. .but it took FOREVER  to be greeted,  to order drinks..and well..forever for everything.  I'm not sure if it was because the bartender was also our server..but I think she was trying her best.  Overall, the food was good to great.  But I probably wouldn't want to sit in that section again.  We'll have to try it out for dinner another time when they aren't so busy. Favorites at our table was the Crepe, Maison Quiche, Belgium Waffle, seafood cheesecake, and escargot.Yummmmmmmmm!!   Had dinner at CD last night.  Couldn't have been better.  This is classic bistro fare, nothing fancy--but who would want "fancy" to interfere with "divine"??
Husband had french onion soup and steak tartare.
I had a foie gras pate that was so good I felt like I needed a cigarette after each and every bite.  Also had the moules aul fenouil (con frites).  Just superb.
Topped it off w a shared lemon icebox pie.  
Service was fabulous all the way around--even got a lagniappe of bisque when our waiter overheard us trying to decide between that and the pate.  Room is great. Just an all-around awesome place!Crab salad appetizer....whole fried soft shell crab....wow...Great food, attentive wait staff....what a treat!Went here for brunch for my bachelorette weekend. We had a group of 10 and they sat us no problem. Our server was fantastic, bringing us a steady flow of mimosas. Bottomless are worth the cost. My sister and I split an omelet with crabmeat which was delicious and plenty for us to split. Plenty of unique options to choose from. Highly recommend.Nice place, expensive, food is good but not that good. My son got an omelette but he couldn't finish, too much grease. My wife got quiche, the same, she couldn't finish it and got sick right away. I asked for a liver dish which was actually good.
Overall I don't recommend it.All of our food was great, hanger steak, French onion soup, and lamb. It says on here that this place is romantic. This is where I disagree. Sure the decorations are nice and it's basically outdoor seating, but the tables are cramped so close together that I can hear what everyone else has to say. Not my ideal environment for an anniversary dinner. Family lunch environment is more like it. Oh and we had to wait on a Thursday night, so I'd say make reservations.Honestly,  at this point I don't care how good the food might be, the service is so slow and pathetic that I don't think I would be able to enjoy whatever comes. The table behind us has had staff visit over 5 times in the 20 min we have been waiting for our drink refills. 
Unless you are not really very hungry and have a couple of hours to waste, find another place to enjoy a good meal.Great spot in mid city! Fantastic ambiance great wine list and friendly service. A light lunch for wife and I splitting a bottle of white a a warm New Orleans afternoon.  A nice short walk from the end of the trolley line (right by City Park..go here and find the Oak with the wind chimes..amazing).  As a bonus we were able to walk through St. Louis Cemetery #3 on way back to trolley.  No that is not as morbid as it sounds at all!
Swing by for some excellent food wine and service.Great atmosphere, such a throwback to the '80s when people weren't staring at the phones in public. The bartender was so friendly. The waiter and owner too. The French food was legitimately comparable with Parisian dining. I love the tree growing in the middle of the dining room.Tried many things on the menu and everything had such flavor!! Very rich and fulfilling. The one thing that made our experience over the top was our waitress Brianna!! She is so knowledgeable about the menu and personable!! All recommendations were on point!! Thank you so much for an authentic Nola experience!! Ask for Brianna!!I loved this restaurant!  The cheese/pate plate to start was delish!  Also, the Veal and Polenta dish was to die for!  Of course, we had to have Bloody Mary's for Sunday brunch!  Would go back in heart beat!Cafe Degas was an all around success!  The atmosphere in the restaurant is 5 star alone!  Beautiful indoor/outdoor seating surrounded by twinkle lights and lush greenery.  The service was superb as well.  Now to the important part...the food!  We started off with the braised short ribs special and the chef special ravioli.  By far the best cheese ravioli I've ever had.  The braised short ribs fell off the bone and were atop a bed of stone ground grits.  Spectacular.  We devoured it all.  We then ordered the goat cheese salad to split between the 3 of us. Spring mix with candied pecans, beets, green apples, and topped with roasted goat cheese.  My husband left to use the restroom and when he came back my dad and I had eaten it all.  Our main entrees came in just the right amount of time.  My husband got the hanger steak with homemade frites and my dad and I got the halibut special.  Insanely fresh fish and a perfectly cooked steak.  Couldn't ask for a better meal.  You would think after eating all that before our entrees we wouldn't be able to touch our main course, but we found room!  It was a perfect combination of flavors!  Highly recommend!Absolutely wonderful. Great creations from the mussels to the pork chop. The beer selection unique and the ambience ideal for a good conversation.I made a reservation for my wedding anniversary at Cafe Degas. We arrived 15 minutes early and checked in. We were told there wasn't a table available yet and we were fine with waiting since we were a bit early. After waiting about 10 minutes another group passed by us and was loudly saying they had no reservation, but they were sat right away. We asked the manager what had happened; while he was apologetic he commented they wouldn't have sat a table without a reservation before someone that did have one. We told him it was the patrons of that table that told us they didn't have a reservation. We were then offered to sit in the waiting area and have lunch there which was ridiculous. We will never return. Unfortunately, we didn't get to try the food or the great atmosphere. 
Extremely disappointing but also typical for New Orleans.Such a cute place and their food is really good, along with their cocktails. I've been here many times and have tried a lot of the items on the menu. Musts - French onion soup, escargot, and the mussels. We've gotten the lamp and steak entrees which are super tasty! We got the veal
Last time and it was a little too salty, perhaps it was the capers that came in the sauce. The bartender makes great cocktails! I really like the Hemingway cocktail that they make! I've had it at other places and it's not as good and the way degas makes it. Also - you can buy a restaurant.com coupon and save yourself a little money with the bill!Very quaint little hidden gem. It feels like you are eating inside a tree house with your friends.
What's great is that your can make a reservation online from their website, that way no bad surprise or long wait when you arrive.
I particularly enjoyed the $18 menu option where you get one appetizer and one main dish for less than $20. You have to choose between two appetizers and main dishes the one you'd like.
I got the peach an prosciutto salad, with the steak. The salad was very tasty: it also had gorgonzola, walnuts and cherry tomatoes. The steak was perfectly cooked with a very nice sauce. As the food wasn't greasy and heavy on the stomach, we even indulged in some dessert! The crème brûlée was perfect!Not sure why it took me so long to try this place when it was recommended to me a long time ago. When I thought of having a French brunch, I thought of a place that would've been cute and fancy but nope. Don't get me wrong, it's a cute place but I was expecting more. It's ok though because my experience here was phenomenal. Our waitress was nice and attentive. I wish I could remember her name. 
Started off with escargot and mussels for the table. Escargot was good but mussels, y'all, the mussels! Mussels with frites. They were absolutely delicious! I would've ordered another as my meal if I hadn't already ordered other dishes.
Rack of lamb and la crepe au crabe. The lamb had a strong smell but the overall flavors mixed well together. The crab crepe was good but it might've taste better if it was an omelette, I think. Still enjoyed it though. 
Topped off the meal with creme brulee. So, we definitely ate more than expected for brunch, I guess we ate more like a lunch or dinner meal (haha). It was difficult to choose only one dish! We'll be back to try other items next time.EXCELLENT. I have been here multiple times and never had a bad experience. The food is always incredible and the staff is friendly. The vibe in the restaurant is pretty nice, very romantic at night.They also tend to have coupons on their website frequently and they really take a chunk out of the bill!Excellent food and our waiter was not only pleasant but a wealth of historical information and entertainment. Lovely ambiance.No complains here, besides the bread to start could have been warm. Got here right before happy hour ended but still enjoyed a few $5 wine/sparking wine and some oysters. I got the pan seared veal and it was honestly the best choice, it was so good! The pasta and veggies were super good and pasta was home made. My friend got the hanger steak and she thoroughly enjoyed it but subbed the frittes for pasta orzo and she loved how nice they were about it. We got the dessert the waiter, Jason recommended and we fell in love The Floating Island. Def a recommended spot and it truly is like you're in a tree house. Service, atmosphere, and food deserve 5's all aroundCute atmosphere, friendly service and very elegant yet casual. Definitely gave me a local NOLA feel. Drink, appetizers, main course was good. Escargot was amazing! Ratatouille was descent and the pork chops and frites were awesome. Dessert was not amazing. Save the $ on dessert. I had creme brûlée and my husband had double chocolate cake. Found it here on Yelp and was backed up by Lonely Planets travel book and had a restaurant.com deal so we decided to try it.  Go get your deal before going. It's a bit on the pricey side.Favorite...
Escargot
Pate and cheese
Bottle of wine
Balmy afternoon
Go to NOMA....
Walk down to the Luling Mansion on Leda St
And finish at Cafe DegasMy wife and I enjoyed a great dinner at cafe degas. It was only a 2-3 minute walk from where we were staying. It was our first night in New Orleans, the first night of our honeymoon. 
We shared a crawfish ravioli for an appetizer. I enjoyed the hanger steak and pomme frites and my wife has the soft shell crab. Both were fantastic and cooked perfectly. 
The service was very good. The ambience was awesome.
You can't go wrong here.Great service, phenomenal food. Try the crawfish cheesecake (savory), Quail salad appetizer and the pork loin entree. The chambord cake is to die for!Cute little restaurant. Nice staff. Food is okay nothing special. The hanger steak was heavily salted and I love salt but it was too much. The floating island wasn't bad.This restaurant is pricey.  The staff was attentive and the decor was okay.  My poor review comes in on the food and the drinks for the price.   I had French onion soup and pomme frites and my friends had the hanger steak.  I also ordered a martini and friends ordered French 75 (look it up; I didn't know this one).   I've made better French onion soup and my friends said the same about the steak.   Even the drinks were a let down.  I would definitely go somewhere else for the price and atmosphere.My husband had the onion soup and hanger steak, and I got the mussels and escargot appetizers. There were alot of mussels so it was like an entree for me, so I didn't really order entree for myself. All items are very good to me, only one disappointment on the hanger steak though. The steak was not soft while it's medium. But the way of preparing it was good, and the sauce was good, so probably the meat we got was just a bad cut so it was chewy. We liked our time and food at cafe degas.Great ambience, even better food.
Have never had a bad experience! Absolutely love this place.I will preface with saying, yes--I'm a tourist in this town. . . . but the French Onion Soup here is the type of good that will make you want to stand up and slap someone. Cheesy, oniony, gooey, gooey goodness. I am savoring the memory now. If it's a little chilly  .. . it's Godsend really. 
I probably could have stopped with the soup, but gluttonous me ordered the Le Foie De Veau aux Oignons et Petits Lardons. Calf liver! Mmmmmmmm. . . Though I remember it being good, the memory of the French Onion Soup kinda makes it irrelevant. So, yes--go here, get the soup and send me a bowl!Love this place. Been several times. The escargot, French onion soup, crawfish ravioli, and crab/fennel/grapefruit/arugula salad are on point! The indoor/outdoor atmosphere, lighting, and tree growing through the middle of the building are magical and unlike any other in the city. It's small, so get there early or make a reservation at least a day in advance. Some of the staff can be a bit gruff, but that kind of just makes you feel like you're truly in France even more.Quaint, relaxing and downright delightful.  This place is dreamily romantic and never disappointing.  It is an older house with enclosed almost patio style seating and also a few seats on the actual patio overlooking gorgeous Esplanade Avenue.  You feel as though you are in an adult tree house because there is a tree in the middle of the space towering through the roof and then you see an arbor of trees above you as well.  Too gorgeous!  
The food is great, inventive and never over-seasoned - I love that not over-seasoning allows you to get the true essence of the ingredients in each dish.  I love New Orleans cuisine but Degas is such a lovely, refreshing break from our super savory dishes.  The crab salad in particular is just perfect - lump crabmeat, shaved fennel, baby arugula, grapefruit, mint, tarragon and crispy shallots!  Yes!
Do not come if you are in a hurry because this is supposed to be a slow-paced dining experience.  The servers take their time with you and allow you to enjoy yourself.  I know the old house can't help it but, it does smell a little old and stale.  I wouldn't take off points for that though because all other aspects outweigh this small detail.  If you are sensitive to smell like I am, just be prepared for the way that old New Orleans wood smells.
Cafe Degas is very worth your time.Fantastic! Such a cool set up - one of a kind!
Went for our anniversary and they really made it special. picked out a great wine for us with our complimentary apps the chef specially prepared for us and followed dinner with a chefs special dessert sample tray. 
They did not have to do any of this for us and since I work in the industry it was so refreshing to see a place do this for us. 
I believe the chefs name was Greg or Tim?
10/10 would go back again!Quail salad with goat cheese was delicious. Salmon and scallop dishes were fantastic. Wonderful atmosphere and service was friendly and warm. Go Wednesday and treat yourself to the well priced prefixed menu!Good food gives it four stars. I really enjoyed my salad with beets, apples, and candied pecans. The dressing wasn't heavy, and there was a nice balance of the greens to the goodies. 
Also tried the lamb rack. It was cooked and seasoned quite well as were the potatoes and sausage link. 
The pate appetizer dish left something to be desired. The bread was too crispy and the country pate wasn't good, but the smooth pate was better. 
Service was helpful, but not present. The server dropped some beets off my plate when setting it down and quickly replaced them but left the spilled beets on the floor where I could slip on them if I stood up and didn't see them. 
I also tried the Red Snapper alcoholic beverage and it was tasty. On the sweet side so I would suggest it for a sweet tooth or dessert. 
Speaking of dessert, the Paris-brest pastry is delicious. Not too sweet, a light crust filled with a hazelnut mousse and laid over a drizzle of raspberry sauce. 
It was a meal of hits and misses but with the ambience (chill earthy mood, notice a tree in the picture in the middle of the restaurant) and the dishes that were delicious I'd definitely come back for seconds!If you want to transport yourself into a Fitzgerald novel on a weekday evening, head over to Degas and order an Absinthe beneath the Parisian style awnings and order up some French onion soup, which is to die for, truly. Share it with your beloved as you swill your cocktail cuz the place prides itself on its romantic atmosphere. I guess that is what you are paying for because the food, while "correct" does not offer miracles. The main dishes, which are ok, done about as well as possible without being located in France. It's all a bit nostalgique. If neither missing France nor your date makes you emotional, the prices might, for they are a little on the high side, but getchaself spend $100-get-$50-off coupon, or buy-one-entree-get-one-free, coupon etc., and you will be ok. Our waiter was from Honduras, lives in Kenner. Nice guy. Great service!My wife and I had lunch here this week while entertaining a couple from out of town. And while I've been here many times before, on a day with wonderful weather, the patio dining was truly phenomenal. The staff has always been friendly and welcoming, and every time I've had a meal here, the food has been superb. Tammy and I shared the escargot and the French onion soup as appetizers and we had the soft shell crab for and the blanquette de veau (braised veal medallions in a wild mushroom and white wine cream reduction with baby carrots in a puff pastry shell - sorry little cows!) as main courses.   The food was incredible and the best part was the bill. Since Café Degas is a participating restaurant on the Restaurant.com web site, I was able to purchase a $50.00 off of $100.00 gift certificate at restaurant.com's annual 90% off sale for $5.00. With dessert, and the cost of the gift certificate, our $132.00 bill (inclusive of tax and a 20% tip) was reduced to just $82.50 (just over $20.00 per person)! And while I certainly don't eat out like this every day, it is great to have such a wonderful meal at such a cozy romantic venue for a really competitive price. I think the best compliment I can include here is that our friends from out of town who'd been eating there way through some of the city's most notable eateries for four solid days both stated that their meal at Degas was hands down the best food they'd eaten yet in New Orleans.Cafe Degas is a great Esplanade spot for fine French dining!  The staff is attentive and knowledgeable.  The white table cloths and low lighting make for a romantic and inviting atmosphere.  The wine list and cocktail menu have something for every taste and the specials are fun and daring.  Tres Bien!!!!!!This is one of my favorite places. I have been going for at least the past ten years and have consistently had good food and service. Mussels, cheeseboard, hangar steak, lamb, escargot are just a few of my favorites. The mussels are truly a whole meal with skinny fries even though it's an appetizer. 
There is a great wine list that is not ridiculously high. The tables are close together so if you don't like close quarters it may not be for you.Perfect food.  The wild boar and the red snapper we awesome. The cheese and Pate wonderful.  The pasty with hazlenut cream magnificent.  
Wait staff pleasant and prompt.A great brunch spot...just get there early on a Sunday because it gets crowded. The restaurant is in a lovely part of town not too far from City Park (and its namesake, the Degas House just a wee bit up Esplanade) - if you're going to visit the New Orleans Museum of Art, the location is perfect for grabbing a bite to eat before or after. The crab crepes are sooo yummy, and the grits are a great side order to share with someone. The French onion soup is also quite tasty! Also a good place to take a date with its romantic bistro atmosphere and pleasant open air seating in the warmer months.We have dined at Cafe Degas on every visit to the city and it is always excellent.  Without question it is the best soft-shell crab of any place I have dined.  The ambiance is lovely and the service is consistently attentive without being overbearing.  This is a local's favorite and visitors to Nola should not miss the chance to dine here.My favorite restaurant! The usual is always amazing, mussels, French onion, homemade ravioli! Even when I venture off I am always amazed!!I bought a restaurant.com certificate for Cafe Degas while they were having a 90% off promotion.  Wow, I'm so glad I did.  I had an absolutely lovely dinner dinner there.  Wonderful ambiance, amazing food, fabulous wine, and a great waiter.  What more can you ask for? We started with the foie gras. For my entree I had roasted duck which was cooked perfectly.  My husband had lamb which was delicious. The service was spot on but still casual.
I went home and bought three more certificates! 
Oh, I definitely recommend making a reservation.Great ambiance: wonderfully decorated, quaint, and inviting.
We had an 8:30 reservation for which we were promptly seated. Our server was not very attentive, but it was busy and her assistants were great. Now on to the food:
The cheese plate & Les Escargots Bourguignons--DELICIOUS!! I love snail & these were some seriously tasty snail  =)
The PEI Mussels were fantastic! 
My Niçoise Salad was great--fresh, simple, and perfectly cooked tuna. 
The Hanger steak with pomme frites & salmon special also got great reviews. 
The chocolate mousse cake & Crème brûlée were also very lovely! 
It's not near the FQ therefore not a tourist place which was nice and the prices were very reasonable for great quality food. 
Overall a great meal, experience, and value!!Ah the wine! Ah the cheese! Ah the fresh vegetables! What an amazing culinary experience. It took me a while to make my way here, but it didn't disappoint. Went with a steak and potatoes type of friend and even he raved about it!Great little place excellent food good service. Flounder over a bed of black lentils was excellent today as was the oyster app over a bed of celeraic remoulade . Cheese board looked fantastic and good wine list.Very good, good service and delicious food. Mimosas were expensive but everything else was on point. Food is mostly french inspired and well cooked and prepared. Should try this place if you're in the area.Overall an excellent experience. I went here for the birthday of a friend and it was great. We started with french onion soups and crabmeat salad as the appetizers. The soup was a little too much cheese but the salad was excellent. For the entrees we got the chef special veal chop and the soft shell crab salad. All were excellent. The desserts especially the raspberry cake with white chocolate were the highlights of the night. I definitely recommend.Cafe Degas is yet another retro French bistro. I guess NOLA is filled with these places. The Cafe is similar to La Crepe Nanou in terms of its classic menu and casually romantic feel. However, unlike La Crepe Nanou, the dishes are sometimes poorly executed, the service is uneven, and the dining room needs a makeover. On my visit, I had the La Gratinee d'oignon ($7), otherwise known as French onion soup. It was delicious, a very cheesy and peppery version of the classic dish. I wanted the Salade Nicoise, but they were 86'd, so I went with an appetizer of Lobster Thermidor ($15), which was somewhat disappointing. Though the beurre blanc was well-executed, and the cognac-infused cheese gratin was delicious, the lobster itself was tragically overcooked, a real shame given that everything else about the dish was good. There's no excuse for rubbery lobster. A pate and cheese plate ($14), which was shared at our table, contained some good brie, a delicious liver pate, a mustard-y fig jam, and a few scattered fruits and garnishes. It was good...the best thing about this appetizer was probably the garlic toast points that were included. They should bring more of them.
The service was a problem, but it wasn't entirely the fault of the server. For one, all of the booths and tables at Cafe Degas seem to be awkwardly located, crammed in together or against corners and walls. It makes proper service completely impossible, and it also makes it extremely unlikely that you will go your entire dinner without having to get up to allow another diner to pass, or without having your chair bumped while you sit. The indoor/outdoor "covered garden patio" of the restaurant is quite nice, especially on a slightly cool moonlit evening. However, the decor of the restaurant is awful, with wood trellises and exposed air conditioning ducts running all along the ceiling. Tacky. On my visit, our waiter was also bumbling, overly chatty, and somewhat annoying throughout the evening, regaling our table with pointless anecdotes and unsolicited information and recommendations. At the end of our meal, he delivered the wrong check. Also, the prices of Cafe Degas are just ever so slightly higher than La Crepe Nanou, and given that the food, service and atmosphere are not as good, I think I'm going to stay uptown next time.Wow!! This place is wonderful. A true French bistro without the prices!! Quail. Mussels, pate, you name it. We will definitely be back. We went to the sculpture garden first then lunch. A wonderful afternoon.Great ambiance.  I have eaten here regularly as I live in the neighborhood.  It's a bit pricey but the food is great and the service is great.  Also, a great place to brunch on a beautiful day in New Orleans.Cafe Degas is an authentic and quaint French restaurant along the Esplanade Avenue in New Orleans. The ambiance is romantic, the dining area gives the impression of a gazebo or wooden balcony that adds to the quaintness of the restaurant. The place is arguably small and very busy but we were able to manage a lovely conversation without any intrusion from other guests.
We started our dinner with a mixed appetizers of three pâtés, a variety of cheeses and a small bundle of red grapes. We also had escargot which was very delicious.
For main entrée, I had pan seared Grouper with green lentil with sun-dried tomatoes, baby frisée, sautéed asparagus on Lemon Basil Beurre Blanc. It was suited perfectly well with the bottle of Pinot Grigio.
It was a great night out! The staff are really fantastic and very attentive, they will happily call you a cab at the end of the night! I will definitely come back to this place whenever I am in New Orelans, highly recommend!It was our first day in New Orleans and it is definitely one of the reasons why this trip was memorable. The food was delicious and the atmosphere very unique. 
We are European and we definitely felt back home with some of the items on the menu.
Highly recommended! (Especially the floating island desert)I was walking back to my hotel from the Art Museum and Google Maps took me there via Esplanade.  I was STARVING.  I saw this place, Café Vegas, and was a little scared to go in, but, like I said, I was STARVING!.  Turns out I read it wrong.  Café Degas, not Vegas :)  The place is much larger than it looks from the outside.  I had the pri fix (SP?) A Cajun soup, a salmon-wrapped scallop mousse, and crème brulet.  So so good.  I'm thinking of going back tomorrow.  French bread was amazing.  The waitress was kind of shy, but was glad I enjoyed my meal.  It was very inexpensive compared to comparable restaurants closer to downtown.  Highly, highly recommended.This was a recommendation as well from a local friend to avoid the taxi lines after the festival.  It's very close to one of the exits - and that's about all it had going for it.
Our waiter was HORRIBLE!  I mean seriously the most not attentive waiter ever.  We got there early so I understand that - but the bartender was serving select guests at the bar while leaving out others before their open time of 6 p.m.
We were then sat before 6 and waited for the waiter... and waited... we all knew what cocktail we wanted and after being in the heat all day we definitely wanted one.  15 minutes after they are open, he still hasn't come by and then we see the bus boy and call him over and he says "I'll get your waiter".  We then wait 5 minutes longer - all the time other waiters are serving the tables around us.  
The food wasn't something to write home about and for the cost - not what you expect.  The cheese plate was OK.  The salad was good.  My dad loved his froi gras.  My mom's veal was over fried (sounds weird but honestly was super dry) and my duck was pretty fatty.  Yes, duck is fatty but I worked around the areas and thought I was good but at the end knowing what the price was... ehh... wasn't something to write home about
The creme brulee was not memorable.  I appreciated the berries on top but it just wasn't much.
The topper was when we were walking out the obvious manager just pushed right past us, while our waiter was right behind him looking miserable.. and not even a "thank you" from the manager.  It wasn't like we just got a cheap dinner.  They should have been more appreciated that we overpaid for our meals
I would not recommend this place.  And out of my whole 4 days, this and one other are the only ones I wouldn't recommend. 
If you are there for Jazz Fest, you are better off buying a slice of pizza from one of the houses and listening to the awesome music in the streets!Expensive, but damn fine food and friendly, professional service. A slice of Paris in mid-city, but the food is totally New Orleans. 
If they have the Eggs Sardou, omigod.Easily accommodated an extra two people when they RSVPeed late. Voodoo Fest was in the air and the tables nearby were friendly and cheeky.
Great service (thanks Justin W!) and even better food. The decor could use some updating.
Best French Onion Soup I've ever had.  Avoid the Mirliton Bisque - it's just heated cream with a pinch of something thrown in. 
3 of the five boys got Panneed Veal Cutlets, which were huge and so juicy. The rest of us had tender and delicious Veal Chops, Ravioli, the Cheese & Pate Plate before dinner, Spinach Salad, and the incredible Redfish special.
Boom Boom Syrah from Washington State is going on my must-keep-at-home list. 
I'll be back.The staff are super friendly.  I like the fact that they accentuate the history  behind the restaurant.  Our waiter claims that he's one of the descendant members of Edgar Degas.  That was cool.  
This place was the  perfect restaurant for our special celebration  -  atmosphere, food and company.Got here early for brunch.  Couldn't stay.  The wait staff were all out front smoking and the smell was overwhelming.  This was recommended by Fodors, but I would avoid if you are a non-smoker.All i remember is that friggin peanut butter pie, the french onion soup was good but it was the peanut butter pie that made afternoon memorable. Located on Esplanade Ave, I always enjoy driving down there the chance I get because it's a nice area and I love the architecture of the houses....this little place is quite charming so give it a whirl.
Parking is offstreetWe stopped in to sit out the rain during jazzfest. Nice find. Good bloody's, pomme frites and escargot. The waiter was so friendly.Came in while it was pouring outside not thinking it would be super fancy inside. Nonetheless, everyone was very welcoming, even though we were drenched, and got seated right away. We were just looking for a little cafe to just drink coffee and wait out the rain, so we didn't order big meals. We all settled on the french onion soup and some escargot, which were absolutely delicious! I would love to come back and try some of their main dishes and creme brule.Went there with my mom last month for lunch one weekday. We sat at one of the semi-outside tables and it was extremely refreshing. The atmosphere is great. 
I ordered the French onion soup, which I had never had before, but my mom said she loved. I was disappointed in the taste, and offered my mom some, and she said that isn't how it normally tasted. For some reason it tasted very sweet.
However, when my main course came, Halibut, I was very impressed. The dish looked great and it tasted even better. Whatever sauce they used went perfectly with the fish and the snow peas. Great balance.
I would definitely go back.The highlight of my visit to Cafe Degas was the french onion soup - absolutely delicious!!! But that was about the only positive thing I can say.
Seriously, the interactions my group and I had with the staff there were just downright unfriendly. They sat us at a weird corner table that kind of jutted out into the path of servers & other customers, so we were constantly in the way. I tried to scoot my chair as far as possible to the side, but continually got bumped by everyone that walked through. The table was so small that our dishes (1 soup bowl and 2 salad plates) were precariously perched on the edge of the table throughout the meal. Plus we had to ask several times for drink refills & coffee.
I really did love that soup, but I'm not sure it's enough to make me want to go back to Cafe Degas.Food and atmosphere were wonderful,  $8.50 for a Bloody Mary is pretty outrageous thoughI kept meaning to go back to this place as hadn't been in a several years. Went for brunch.  Overall it was just ok. Very nice seating area open to the outside and a huge tree in the middle.  Service was good.  Escargot was ok, eggs sardou had entirely too much clove and was almost inedible. Crab omelet was tasty.  Bellini cocktail used schnapps instead of real peach purée making it a too sweet.   $90 for two apps, two entrees and two cocktails.Dined at Cafe Degas for the second time last evening. The ambiance is really cool, it's very quaint but isn't too noisy. I would say that I've enjoyed the brunch food more than the dinner food. For dinner, We ordered the homemade ravioli as an appetizer which was tasty! For the main entree we got the hanger steak which was good but was served with fries and mixed veggies. The plate presentation of food combinations was just strange. I felt like the steak should have been drizzled with a sauce to jazz it up a bit. The fries were really good, made the plate presentation so busy. I've dined for brunch and had a really good omelet. The server we had seemed very timid and I could barely hear her, she was so soft spoken. They offer restaurant.com deals from time to time. I'm glad we had the discount because it wouldn't have been worth paying full price.Accidentally stumbled upon this little restaurant and was so happy that I did! Super cute place, both inside and out. We went there for lunch and sat outside in the patio by the fountain--very relaxing. All of the food and cocktails were excellent.
--Pimm's Cup cocktail: super refreshing and well done
--Pate plate: really moist pâtés and excellent flavors
--Louisiana flash fried oyster: get these!!
--Crawfish cheesecake: definitely recommended when it's crawfish season
The service was excellent as well, even with all the craziness of Jazz Fest.I really love the atmosphere at Cafe Degas. It's a cute and quaint little French restaurant on the beautifully tree lined Esplanade Avenue.  There's a tree growing right up through the middle of the restaurant!  The patio opens up on a nice day.  I highly suggest Cafe Degas for couples looking for a romantic atmosphere.
On this visit, we decided to share a couple of small plates and also an entree.  I got the crawfish ravioli.  They were very good.  It was topped with a light lemon cream sauce...perfect for sopping up with some bread. 
My friend got some grilled shrimp with a black bean cake.  It was also very tasty.
For our entree, with shared the duck breast.  I wasn't too thrilled with this dish.  The flavor was good, but it was overcooked.  I REALLY REALLY REALLY want a perfectly cooked duck breast somewhere in New Orleans, but I can't seem to find one that matches the one that I had at Harvest On Main in Blue Ridge, Georgia.  Sigh...
For dessert we had the creme brulee.  It was good.
We shared a bottle of wine that was reasonably priced at $44.
I find their prices to be of good value, especially when you figure in that you can always get a BOGO entree coupon off of their website, or get a certificate on Restaurant.com.
This visit to Cafe Degas was much like most of my visits, as in it's always a solid dining experience with great value, good food and service, and amazing atmosphere...but the food never seems to wow me.Ohhh.  I really, really, REALLY wanted to believe all my fellow Yelpers (and other N'awlins residents), and Cafe Degas seemed like the perfect way to enjoy my first trip to the Crescent City.  Instead, our evening was a singular disappointment, largely because of our Waitress (brown hair, sour face; I can't remember her name).  We used the restaurant.com coupon for dinner reservations on the 16th, and the only positive I can give is that we therefore saved half of our bill.  From the second that Sourpuss finally acknowledged our table, there was an uncomfortable vibe: without a smile or a single word of welcome or introduction, her first words to us were, "so, you're having something to drink tonight?"  It went on from there, with the Busboy and even the HOST making more time for us and ensuring we got what we needed.  Her attitude was unnecessarily brusk, even when my (nicer) best friend attempted to engage her by asking how her night was going-- it's never decent, by the way, to give a short reply of "busy," just a word to those who work for tips.  Our Waitress made it clear that she did not want to serve us, and as a result, even the food tasted sour.Produce of the highest quality! 
I had heard good things about Cafe
Degas and decided to give it a try. I was so happy I did!! I ordered the meat and cheese board, not knowing how big the platter would be! The food arrived in a timely manner and the server was super sweet. The Cheese Board was phenomenal, I don't have much to say about the meat board as I was stuffed and didn't have the room for more food. However the small pieces I tried was delicious!! I would recommend Cafe Degas for anyone!!My girlfriend lives right around the corner and has told me all sorts of good things about Cafe Degas, but I only recently made my first visit. I was quite impressed with the food and the service, though it's a little bit on the pricey side.
The French onion soup was really good. I liked it more than at La Crepe Nanou. It's very filling though, so be careful, or consider sharing -- if you don't mind sharing soup with someone. The crawfish ravioli was SUPER rich. A few bites was enough for me. Luckily, we also got to taste the fries. We didn't order them but they came by mistake and we were able to keep them. They might have been my favorite part of the meal. Maybe that's because they were really good, or maybe I just have the taste buds of a 9-year-old. Either way -- yum!
The decor is fun and funky. I especially like the tree that is growing through the middle of the dining room. A quirky touch. I'll definitely go back, but I think this is more of a "special occasion" kind of place, since it ain't cheap.Had another wonderful brunch at cafe degas. The duck confit was the best meal I have had in a very long time. Combine with great service and sublime weather sitting on their "porch" it doesn't get any better. Continues to be my go to place to take out of towners.What a wonderful way to spend a cloudy gray Saturday. We arrived 10 minutes prior to our reservation time and we were promptly seated. Took awhile for our waiter to make an appearance and this remained the story throughout our lunch. He was always around,but never when we needed him. The host had to clear our dishes from the table. Anyway, the cocktails and food were absolutely some of the best in the city. We had a St. Germain and Hendricks g&t and I could've sat there all afternoon and drank those. But, I wouldn't have had any money left for food! We started with the French onion soup. People, do not deny yourself this pleasure. I could've just had g&t's and French onion soup! But, had to get the hanger steak, which was cooked to perfection. The frites were ridiculous good as was the crown of broccoli. My husband had the fried oyster salad, which was on the daily specials. He was in heaven. I was torn between the hanger steak and the duck leg confit with white bean cassoulet, but the waiter advised that the beans were cooked al dente so I passed, relunctanly, and chose the steak. Either one would've been a winner. We closed out the meal with a piece of lemon ice box pie. No complaints about this either!Outstanding French Bistro food!  Every bit as good as Anthony Bourdain's Les Halles in New York City.
We went for my birthday and it was a lovely evening sitting on the covered patio.  Despite having a long waiting line, we were seated promptly at our reserved time.  Wait service was great.  The food was oustanding, including the pâté board, onion soup, hanger steak, and pomme frites.  The reason the fries are so rich and buttery is because they are fried in beef lard and canola oil.  They may not be good for your heart, but they will make your taste buds sing!Worst service I have ever had. I literally walked out the door wanting to tell the whole world not to go to this place. Our server dropped our drinks off and never saw him again until the end of our meal.  We had finished our assorted cheese plate that looked like they literally cut two hunks of cheese from the supermarket off and threw them on a plate with some bread that was so hard you can't even chew on it, finished our entrees of Eggs Benedict and Crab Crepes, which some host delivered and literally threw our knifes at us when the food was delivered, and then just sat and waited with our very empty drinks for 20 minutes after we were done. No check back or drink offer or clearing of plates, water refills... No have a good day, thank you for coming... Unbelievable. It really upset me considering my boyfriend and I were having our last brunch together for awhile since work is drawing us apart. So thanks Cafe Degas. Ill definitely be spreading the word.This is my neighborhood spot and I absolutely love this place because of the delicious food and quaint atmosphere. I have never had a bad meal here, and usually order off the specials because I've pretty much tried everything on the menu. My reasoning of giving four stars however is because of the service, which pretty much sucks and lately seems worse than ever. Depending on which server you get, some are better than others but overall the service is very slow. Every time I eat here it takes a good 5-10 minutes to even get a server to come take our drink order or bring us water. When they get busy things take even longer and the staff seems overwhelmed and flustered. Like you almost feel bad asking for something because they get so stressed. There are times I have found myself going to the bar and just paying cash for my drink or getting a glass of water because it's faster than waiting for the server. Take this review as a word of caution that when you eat here be prepared to wait, but regardless the food is always great.I am obliged to update my review and award Cafe Degas another star, because I've been back a few times and experienced better service, better food, and a more pleasant atmosphere. 
On a recent visit, I tried the Salade Nicoise, which features all of the traditional ingredients and a generous piece of seared rare tuna coated in pepper and spices, as well as three delicious, lightly cured white anchovy filets. I've spoken elsewhere about the fact that an authentic Nicoise contains canned, not fresh tuna, but it's hard to complain when the tuna is this fresh and well-seasoned. Aside from a very gristle-y and nearly inedible end piece, the tuna was delicious.
I also had a daily soup special of chilled potato vichyssoise with white truffle. I was slightly annoyed by the menu description, because the soup does not contain any truffle whatsoever, as far as I could tell, but rather a white truffle infused oil poured on top along with some freshly snipped chives. Truffle oil is not the same thing as truffles. For one, it tastes completely different. For another, it tastes completely different. This nitpick aside, the soup was creamy and delicious.
My dining companion had the daily special of the fried oyster chowder and a salad that featured fresh beets, walnuts and chevre, and reported that everything was delicious. She also had a glass of a French sauvignon blanc that was delightful.
The only dim spot of the visit was the creme brulee, which was overly sweet. A creme brulee should be a very lightly sweetened vanilla egg custard featuring a burnt sugar crust, not a dense, sickly sweet pudding with more sugar caked on top. I suppose Cafe Degas is catering to American palates that seem to require at least a pound of sugar in every dessert, which is unfortunate but understandable.
It appears that the poor service I received on my first visit was the exception, rather than the rule. Also, each time I return, I find the location and ambiance more charming. Sorry for judging you too harshly the first time, Cafe Degas. I will be back!I'm a fan of this lovely french spot nestled under the oaks of Esplanade Ave in the heart of mid city. I don't think it has the best food in New Orleans but the semi outdoor atmosphere and the good food, warm service and consistency makes it a favorite spot of mine to dine in that area.Enjoyed a very delicious dinner here. Great little restaurant away from everything touristy. Found them while looking for restaurant.com coupons. The place is a little pricey but the coupon really helped. We had French onion soup (of course), L'onglet de boeuf (seared hangar steak) and a salmon dish. Everything was delicious. Chelsea was a terrific server.Classic french cooking techniques done right in a quirky, but cozy and classy venue. This was my ex-girlfriend and my restaurant when we were dating. I have so many memories of us eating here, ordering the veal with beurre blanc or the hanger steak. This is French food with a New Orleans twist. Creme brulée.... mmmm.. The owners mill around and talk to guest all the time. They have a great passion for their restaurant. Service is pretty good. David (pronounced Dah-veeeed) is a little eccentric but entertaining and can tell you stories about the Marigny all night. As I'm writing this I'm realizing how much I miss this place and my ex, lol. Great place to take a date, quite romantic, and they will let you take your drinks out onto the patio to smoke. There's a large tree in the middle of the dining area that stretches out through the roof. They could have cut it, but chose to let it stay to add to the atmosphere. Similarly, the food here is about taking the ingredients and making their natures work for you! Do not miss Cafe Degas is you are in New Orleans.So they tell you to call to see if foie gras is on the special menu and you call and they don't know until 4 pm. The response comes with "attitude."  Here is the recipe for the early signs of a declining restaurant:  great success followed by attitude that leads to hostile arrogance to those pesky things called: "customers."  Oops, is that what all French restaurants do!  Well anyway, the food is great. 
Dinner saved the day and the special foie gras was as great as what we had in Paris last year!For a long time, this was our favorite place for lunch or brunch (we've never been here for dinner).  It's such a pleasant seating area and somehow remains comfy throughout the year, despite the fact that it's quasi-outdoors. Our favorites include the french onion soup, the quiche, and the mussels.  In my opinion, the best French cafe in town.  The reason I take one star off is because of the lack of diversity in their offerings - particularly with regard to plant-based meals.Really enjoy walking to Cafe Degas and enjoying the vibe.  The restaurant is pretty much outside with a tree in the middle of the restaurant.  Food is pretty good. I love there french onion soup and hangar steak. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I eat there often and sometimes I get slow service and I feel like brunch is a little too pricey.So charming!  I love the fact that all the seating is open air in a covered patio.  Our server, who I think was the owner, was attentive and warm.  My salade nicoise was good, but the dish my boyfriend had - scallops with "saffron-scented" tiny pasta and a beurre blanc with crabmeat and capers - was insanely delicious.  (It's normally made wtih grouper but they were out of grouper so served it with scallops that day).  It was one of the tastiest things we had in New Orleans.I love this restaurant!  Great ambiance and food.  I had my first snails here.  My favorite dish here is the mussels.  It's a perfect dish on a cold day.  I will keep coming back.Excellent service. Delicious food. And a great ambience. Not good for vegetarians. We had the salmon and roasted chicken. Bacon sauteed potatoes were the best thing.I think we visited on a very off night, it was a Blue Moon. Our friends recommended the place and it's absolutely quaint and refreshing. It was extremely busy, but it took almost an hour for hors'deorves to arrive, and the escargot was overcooked. When our meals finally arrived, my hanger streak was under cooked, but everyone else really enjoyed theirs. The management comped the escargot and steak, and then brought a large dessert plate with 5 different desserts out on the house. That is the sign of a great restaurant, and a phenomenal manager.The atmosphere of this little hideout can't be beat, perfect for the neighborhood: Laid back, sheltered enough from those afternoon rains, but very open-air at the same time. It feels like a covered porch surrounded by lots of foliage. 
I came here twice for brunch, and while they do have an egg dish or two, I would recommend it more for lunch or dinner. I wasn't thrilled with my omelet, but could not stop sampling my friend's blackened fish dish and desperately wished I'd ordered that. It's French, so has very few options for veg types. 
I'm not a big dessert person, but I think their lemon icebox cake was the best dessert I've ever had in my life. Perfect.I made dinner plans for Cafe Degas around Christmastime this past year--late to the game as usual, I know--and had a really lovely experience.
We came on a Saturday night, so naturally there was a bit of a wait. This is not a huge problem, but the front of the restaurant where one waits for a table is tiny--small bar, narrow hallway, waiters and hosts and guests competing for space. In the cold this was a little annoying, but during warmer months I'd have simply stepped outside--the location on Esplanade is quaint and pretty.
We started with the French Onion Soup--slightly tangy and super cheesy. As I would gladly eat a dish with the ingredient ratio of 1-1, with cheese being one of said 1s, that was not a problem whatsoever. The escargot, too, is garlicy perfection. Our one issue was with the brussels sprouts salad--perhaps it was a difference of expectations. The sprouts came less cooked that we'd expected, and the stilton seemed weak and something of an afterthought (see the above reverie about cheese). Main courses were seared hanger steak with pomme frites (fantastic) and duck cassoulet (also fantastic). Dessert, however, was my favorite--the raspberry chambord cake, amazingly light and flavorful. I thought I'd be too full for dessert--kids, I was not. Get that cake.
Other perks: waiter was attentive but not overly so; there is a tree growing in the middle of the dining room and out the top of the restaurant. Full sized trees indoors make me smile.Great ambiance for a date night meal. My partner got the hanger steak & I got the celery bisque & crab salad. Most of the wait staff was very nice. When we arrived, the hostess was on the phone & the waitress picked up a pen & pointed to a table on the table map showing the hostess where she would seat us. The hostess rudely pushed the waitresses hand away & grabbed the pen out of her hand. We nearly walked out.Adorable and delicious. The restaurant is extremely cozy and all the food I have had here has been fantastic. This is the first place I had escargot and I was more than pleasantly surprised. Lots of local art on the walls adds to the great atmosphere. 
I refrained from giving 5 stars because of the price. It will leave a small, smoldering hole in your wallet. The food is worth it, but you can fill up for half the price somewhere down the street. All depends what you are looking for. Your money will not go wasted here.We were a party of six with reservations.  We were greeted by our server once.  When we finally got her attention after her initial greeting, we quickly placed our order and asked for a bottle of wine, two additional glasses of water, and refills on the empty water glasses already on the table. After several minutes of receiving nothing and having her take the order from the table next to us and bring their drinks we reminded her we were waiting on our wine and water.  She finally brought both to the table and shortly after came back to our table asking if we were ready to order.  Thinking it must be some type of joke we said we already gave you our order, which she mumbled something about and said oh yea here it is.  It was then we first spoke with the manager, who hurried our order - which came out incorrect and had two in our party sitting with no plates while the others had entrees and apps.  When the bill was received we were over charged by $99 plus the tax on the $99.  This is when we approached the manager a second time this time about a huge over charge.  We showed the manager and server the incorrect items and expressed our dissatisfaction of the entire night and asked for some type of compensation. We were given one of the four ($42) bottles of wine for free.  This was not my first time here, but it most definitely will be my last.  
When we spoke with the manager a second time given the terrible service and obvious intoxicated state our server was in we would have appreciated a sincere apology and more than just a free bottle of wine - they overcharged us $99 in addition to providing below than average service on a weeknight.Great choice.... Order the "combination" board to start -- you'll be glad you did. Full of delectable meats, cheeses, fruits, breads, mustards. preserves, etc. I'm not a big mussel eater but I've heard other diners rave about them. Liver is great. The duck fat fries are very good, also. They also have a coupon on their website so your meal will be even cheaper.Yum! First time there and I really enjoyed it. I give it five stars because the coconut ice cream with pistachios just sent it soaring over the top! And this is the first place I actually liked the french onion soup. It's usually too greasy for me elsewhere, but here the flavor and broth were spot on.I have been to Cafe Degas twice before and had wonderful meals, so I decided to come back to celebrate my last night living in New Orleans.  It definitely helped that I had a $50 off of a $100 gift certificate from Restaurants.com!!!
We made reservations for 7:30 on a Friday and the place was pretty empty when we arrived, but the smells welcomed us into the restaurant.  My date started with the Absinthe Crepeau (a drink invented by one of the bartenders) and loved it, but it was a little too strong for my taste!  We ordered a bottle of the Cabernet on the daily menu and ordered my favorite, the Mussels.  Cafe Degas serves their mussels with pomme frites in a bowl of garlic, wine, and herbs that is so delicious that I dip everything on the table into the broth.  
We decided to try the specials of the day and split the soft shell crab served with summer squash and a cold herbed creme sauce and the pork chop served on a butternut squash puree. The portions of both were large, but they were so different and incredible, that the plates were licked clean at the end!  We ended up passing on dessert this time, but I was full and very happy.  Our bill came out to just over $100, so with the coupon and tip, we had a leisurely romantic date night for $70.Our favorite restaurant in NOLA for years. There's a tree growing in the middle of the restaurant through the roof. The veal is fabulous. So is the lamb. The escargots are a wonderful appetizer. Service is impeccable. Casual to dressy. Always a nice mix in NOLA. Under new ownership since Kattina and haven't been as often. Still lovely hole in the wall. One of those "best kept secrets."Salad is good, but crab in salad was not very fresh IMO.
French onion soup had too much cheese, kinda like an onion cheese fondue.
Palmetto is a bit too bitter.
Rum and tonic was good, but it has a piece of old lime.
However, I do like the crawfish ravioli. It was tasty.
The service was good, too. When we let them know we didn't like some food, they apologized and removed the items from our bill.Cafe Degas is an interesting restaurant off of Esplanade.   My wife and I ate lunch there and enjoyed it.
We sat right by the sidewalk.   It makes for an interesting view.  But people walking by are right next to you.   So remember that if you want privacy.
My wife had a salad and the French Onion soup.  She loved it.   I had the duck confit salad and then the Hanger steak.   Both were very well done.
Parking is in the street and you may have to walk a little but it is free.
Over all it is very good.  Not the best restaurant in the city. The service was very good.  The seating is tight but not bad. We would return again.French onion soup is terrible.. do not order it unless you want to eat a cup of cheese.The restaurant is in a funny/awkward location.  It looks like a converted double wide that emerged in between two streets.  I've only been there for dinner, but my experiences have always been positive ones.  The environment was very low-key and tasteful, and the air-dining is pleasant when it's nice out (watch out for the huge flying roaches in the summer though).  As for the appetizers, I've tried the cheese board and the escargots and was quite happy with both of them.  I really enjoyed the La Salade de Chèvre Tiède (goat cheese croutons, baby greens, apples, pickled beets, walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette)... refreshing salad that had a lot of well-combined ingredients.  For the main courses, I've tried the hanger steak as well the australian lamb.  Both were very enjoyable and I would definitely get them again.  Overall, the hole in the wall/quiet location, the good food, great service, and knowledgeable sommolier made my experience there a very memorable one.Cafe Degas is a French, rustic, charming restaurant that is romantic with consistently good food. I've been here about 8 times and have always had a delicious meal. Their strong suit is simple classic French fare like duck breast, oysters, crab salad, roast quail and steak frites with altering specials. This is not a trendy place, but cute and worth it for its reasonable prices and great twinkle light ambience. A great date night choice. We find ourselves here after or prior to City Park events.This place oozes charm and shabby elegance.  We've eaten here several times--it's nice to get off the beaten path a bit while visiting--and everything has been very good to excellent.  I would advise making a meal out of starters as these seem to be their strong suit:  we've always preferred those to the entrees.
Then, make sure to save a little room for dessert.  I'm hoping to try their brunch soon!Romantic night after a few months of hard work and sickness.  Hubby whisked me away to New Orleans even with bronchitis. The atmosphere, great service and fantastic food is well worth the four hour drive. This is now in our list of favorite restaurants. Definitely a foodie love!!!I have never been disappointed with this place. The atmosphere, the service, the food, all top notch - but you can see that from the other reviews. I am writing this one to rave about the bread. I was thinking of putting together a list of restaurants with the best bread and Cafe Degas was immediately the winner for best bread in town. These days, when you cannot get a decent loaf at the super market, I have learned to appreciate and respect well made bread. Crusty, hearty, real bread.In my top 3 NOLA favorites! French perfection. Mussels, bisque, french onion soup, crab salad, quiche... To die for. Quaint atmosphere, excellent service, fantastic wine/drink list.Really lovely welcome followed by an equally lovely Sunday Brunch.This place was the best!!! 
The is wonderfully decorated and inviting.
Very fresh and authentic French cuisine. My GF and I went for brunch. We had a escargot and a cheese plate as an appetizer. I later had the crab crepe with asparagus and mushrooms. It is topped with a hollandaise sauce tat was out of this world.     
I would suggest this place for those who are either visiting or if you are a local.Ew- this was a disappointment. First of all if a customer doesn't touch their food, it's a pretty safe bet that there's a problem with it. Onion soup was basically a blob of low quality Swiss. Everything dish we had was a bummer. Also, a pricey lunch for what we had. Definitely won't be back.Cheese plate was good, but probably not worth $9. Fish special of the night was tasty. After reading reviews of the salad nicoise I went with that. Specifically asked for NO egg and made eye contact to ensure he heard. Salad arrived with full egg on it.However rest of the salad was very good, light on the dressing and large piece of tuna. The reason for only 3 stars - service. Very slow. Think he was upset we didn't order drinks as he was fine until we said just water, then we were mostly ignored. At 8pm on Friday evening, we were one of 2-3 tables of people not ordering from a senior menu. Guess that's better than a bunch of rowdy teenagers!French onion soup should be 80% soup 15% cheese and 5% bread. This soup was 85% cheese 15% onion soup and 0% bread. I simply could not enjoy the soup due to the amount of cheese they put in this thing. Dont get me wrong I love melted cheese but if I wanted a bowl of cheese I would've ordered it. Also I ordered the lamb shoulder special which was very good just too salty for my taste. I needed 4 glasses of water before I finished. The highlight of this meal was the lemon ice box pie for dessert. I don't know if it's home made but it was phenomenal. I probably will NOT be coming back here.Six hours later, a nap, and a change into fat pants... and I still feel kinda full.
Heard so much about reservations that we made sure to be there before the 11am opening.  We were the first people to be seated in the covered outdoor seating.  Ordered the french onion soup and rabbit and andouille gumbo to start off.
If you are lactose intolerant, please stay away from the french onion soup.  If you are a cheese-a-holic... dive on in.  It seems to make up most of the soup and it is amazing!  The gumbo was more vegetable stock based than I am used to but still good.
BF ordered the mussels and I had the steak.  Both come with fries.  Both were cooked to perfection.  The fries were the right side to sop of the juices that were left over from the entrees. 
Note that they only serve brunch on Sundays (opens half an hour early I think too).  And if you are expecting to hear some sort of elevator-esque music to accompany the french country digs... you might not.  I got to chew on my steak to one of my favorite 90s ladies groups... SWV.  
No complaints about this place.  Not a one.The best Eggs Benedict I've ever had.
Nothing fancy about the place or the Benedict, but this Benedict was perfection.  I can't stand soggy English Muffins or too thick Canadian Bacon or bland sauce on my Benedict, Café Degas has corrected every issue I've ever had with Eggs Benedict.  I had to tell the owner how impressed I was.  It is a simple dish that when done well transcends the sum of it's parts, my only disappointment is that Café Degas only serves their sublime Eggs Benedict on a Sunday.  If you have a craving for them on a Saturday you'll have to settle for their other breakfast items.Cafe Degas is like a dependable family member; if you don't visit often, you always think "why haven't I been here lately?"  And if they drop off your radar for a few months, they are just as accommodating & tasty when you return.  
I went recently with 4 friends and had a fabulous meal.  Great appetizers, salads, entrees, desserts, wine.  It is traditional French cuisine so if you have diners with special dietary needs you might be out of luck.  I can't remember a vegetarian dish (besides a salad) on the menu.  But I suspect they would try if asked.
My family often does the Easter brunch at Cafe Degas & it is a delicious if not altogether relaxing experience...but maybe that's just holiday brunches in general.Typically this restaurant is a favorite of ours but the service was  abysmal on our last visit. After 16 minutes (my limit) without an acknowledgement I went to the bar to order drinks for the table. We were there with another couple from the neighborhood. The bartender asked why I was ordering drinks from the bar (should I be asked that question) and I told him we hadn't been waited on. Then he asked me who my server was. How the heck would I know. Then he wanted to know how long I had been waiting. Can't I just get some drinks. So the waitress shows up while I was being grilled and she wasn't smiling. So the bartender tells me it would be simpler if I just ordered through my server...really, was this a conspiracy? It only gets better or should I say worse. Next we see the woman who was supposedly our server (Tara) flailing her arms and getting very expressive with a young lady while looking over at our table. The young lady (Leaha) comes over and tells us that she would be serving us. Apparently it was a slow night an she had been cut but was going wait on us (finally). She was nice but ended up leaving before we were finished dining and Stacy closed us out. I must say that the food was good but the service circus was inexcusable and a direct reflection on the management. Jacques, hope this was an isolated incident.I like this cute restaurant.  It has been here for years.  I have only gone for brunch on Sunday.  They do take reservations.  The absinthe spinach is the terrific.  The only thing I can complain about are the employees.  They are a tad bit snobby.  BUT if you coax them a little and smile a lot, they warm up.  I do notice they do like their regulars.  Nice decor and food.The greatest assets of this place are the ambience and the accessible and romantic location. Positively charming interior. I arrived for the night's first seating, so there is no room for excuses for the kitchen or service. The drinks were weak and consistently sweet, sickly sweet. An old fashioned required an extra shot of bourbon to balance. The specialty black cherry martini, garnished with a maraschino cherry (why??), tasted like maraschino cherry juice and required a healthy extra squeeze of lime to balance. Service was pleasant and attentive but didn't seem particularly well prepared to advocate for the menu. The bread/butter service could use an upgrade. On to the food...
* Crabmeat salad - I uploaded a picture which pretty clearly demonstrates my complaint. It clearly shows a fairly generous amount of jumbo lump crabmeat on a dense pile of arugula, neither of which are seasoned in any manner. 3 large grapefruit segments and maybe a sliver or two of fennel somewhere. A tarragon vinaigrette on the bottom of the plate only, and with no flavor of tarragon. The fried shallots were good. No cohesion of flavors whatsoever. The large quantity of arugula plated dry was unforgivable. The crabmeat likewise did not see a drop of vinaigrette, nor a speck of salt or pepper. The fennel was imperceptible. The gross inattention to detail... serving an untossed, unseasoned salad should be offensive to any Frenchman. If you expect me to toss my own, serve the salad in a bowl. An insult to the arugula and the crabmeat alike.
* Hanger steak with fries - I ordered this largely due to the many positive reviews. I'm sorry to say I was largely underwhelmed. The meat was cooked to temperature appropriately, though I highly recommend you order it rare. I didn't and I regret it. The sauce was insipid and devoid of flavor. Almost a head's worth of broccoli on the plate was a bit much, steamed and again completely unseasoned. Cooking food without salt and expecting it to be salted at the table results in bland food which is simultaneously salty. Hanger steak is one of the finest cuts that can be had. This was the most forgettable hanger steak I've ever had. Not bad, but extremely forgettable. The fries were a home run.
*Crepe Suzette - This is a crepe with sauce of orange zest and Grand Marnier, usually flambeed in the kitchen or at tableside to cook off the alcohol.  Take a look at the picture. Do you see even a drop of sauce on the plate? Nope. The crepe was likewise dry and had clearly not been introduced to any sauce in any manner. Powdered sugar, with a bit of stiff whipped cream (on its way to becoming butter) and icy vanilla bean ice cream were left to garnish. A Crepe Suzette served dry. Incorrect and unforgivable. What's with the insistence of serving everything so dry?? I understand the chef recently left to open his own establishment. Perhaps the dishwasher got the promotion.
I was very disappointed as my dinner guests insisted their previous visits were far superior to this experience. I'm not sure this place with amateurish kitchen and bar deserves a repeat visit however. If you're in the mood for casual traditional French, why would you not go to Crepe Nanou? So similar yet better in every gastronomic regard.Cafe Degas is great. There are people with real French accents and the restaurant smells like a restaurant should.  
On my birthday I left my office on my lunch break just to get the take out french onion soup.  It is much better in the bowl but I couldn't resist.
The fiance and I went on Valentine's Day. We had a reservation but still had to wait 30 minutes to be seated.  We were seated on the patio and although it wasn't "cold" per say, it was chilly and they had the plastic coverings up. So I froze and I'm sure my food got colder. I asked them to close the covers and they closed one and not the other (we sat in the corner).  The waiters were very busy and it was difficult to get their attention to refresh our drinks and such.
A couple with a much better table got engaged.  I was very jealous of their whole situation, mostly because they were seated in a much warmer part of the restaurant and got free champagne and cake because they got engaged. I mean, you got engaged in a French restaurant on Valentine's Day. Sigh. I mean, yay for them!
I, of course, had the Soupe L'Onignon or however it's spelled in French (French onion soup). I love the crispy cheese that cooks onto the bowl and try not to have too much shame when I scrape it off to enjoy its deliciousnessoscity.  It was great but I wish the bowl was bigger to fit more soup because it was so good and I want more. Yes, right now, I want more. The fiance had the oysters which I didn't care to pretend to try to enjoy since I detest oysters. He really enjoyed them and I was so tempted to soak a piece of bread in the buttery garlicky sauce it smelled so tantalizing. For dinner we had a chicken and steak dish and they were fabulous.  There was so much leftover that we took the rest home and ate it later that night and the next day and reveled in its goodness.
Despite the less than perfect service, I write this off as me as an American being too high strung and the French being what we Americans consider rude. The food made up for it and I wouldn't hesitate to return if invited on a date or other such occasion in which I was not expected nor required to foot the bill.Husband loved the French Onion soup.  We enjoyed the ambiance and Alex, our waiter, was attentive, but not obtrusive.   We both had the hanger steak.  It was cooked to perfection.   We both ordered medium.We came here for lunch. I got the crab/andouille cheesecake and my husband got the french onion soup to start. Both were just ok. The soup broth was bland. I got the hanger steak and my husband for the crab salad for our main course. His salad was tasty. My hanger steak came out 15 minutes after his salad so we ended up eating separately. My steak was extremely tough and it was not rested before it was cut. It was dry and all the juice was on the bottom of the plate. I would personally not visit again.I went to dinner here last night...Walked right in...we ordered a bottle of champagne and a beet salad.  It was so fresh and delicious.  One of the best salads I had.  Fresh beet spring lettuce goat cheese and pecans.  For entrees we got the veal...perfectly cooked and it came with lots of veggies...squash, carrots, broccoli.  We also got the flank steak.  It was fresh and perfectly cooked.  The waiter Jonathan was also on top of things!  Will be back soon!!!Really love this restaurant. Absolutely beautiful inside and out with fantastic food and great service.OMG Amazing. The escargot were simply amazing. If possible, I would be at a table every day for those alone. Crab Cheesecake likewise amazing. Cafe Degas is a real treat for fabulous food and fantastic service. Excellent. Many thanks!We had a two hour lunch break during our meetings, so decided to head out to a locals favorite and see what it was all about.  Definitely off the beaten path, but a wonderful gem.  We were warmly greeted and seated on the covered patio.  We each started with an Orangina (of course) and shared the ravioli special of crawfish, mushroom and spinach with a lemon beurre blanc sauce...absolutely delicious!  We each tried the chicDuring the busy holiday season when 12 hour work days are the norm, I just love sitting at the bar at Cafe Degas sipping on a cocktail and resting my feet.  Nick, the sometimes cranky but always entertaining bartender, knows what I want before I even sit down, his perfectly mixed Vodka Gimlet.  So refreshing with the tart lime combined with just a touch a sweetness, it is the perfect end to a long hard day...
The French Onion Soup is the best in town and an absolute staple on cold nights.  Pomme Frites?  Again, I challenge you to find any better!  Thin and fried to the perfect crispness, nothing compares.  Chef Laurent Rochereux very quietly took over as Executive Chef when Ryan Hughes left, and personally I think the food is better than ever!  The regular menu is consistently very good, but it is in the daily specials that Chef Laurent truly shines. I  had an amazing lobster claw salad the other night that was to die for and at a mere $13, I felt like I was stealing!
I've heard people complain about service at busy times, but since I usually sit at the bar, Nick is always attentive, my food is hot and my cocktails are ice cold!I had friends visiting New Orleans for the first time and Cafe Degas is the ideal restaurant to take them to on a graduate student's budget.
I love the patio table seating with the soft candles and a view of the cute neighborhood - perfectly complemented by the cool October night. 
We we promptly seated but then our waiter didn't greet us for a good ten or fifteen minutes. It was a fairly busy Saturday evening and I am as patient as the next patron, but I always appreciate when the waiter lets us know that he's swamped but he'll be with us as soon as he can. I don't want to feel ignored while other people are being tended to. 
For four people, we ordered:
- Large pate plate. It was tasty but not dance-in-your-pants amazing. I'd probably try something different next time.
- Onion soup: Huge disappointment. It was bland and had waaayyy too much cheese. (If you love onion soup and are in San Francisco, please go to Chez Maman - HANDS DOWN the BEST onion soup EVER!)
- Hanger steak: I ordered this and it was good but is it wrong I craved A1 to go with it?
- Crusted veal: My two guests ordered this entree and they devoured it! They couldn't stop raving about how amazing the sauce was. 
- Jumbo shrimp: I believe this was off the specials menu and special it was! I thought it was well seasoned and extremely flavorful. My boyfriend claimed to have had better shrimp but I think these were near perfection! Not the kind of shrimp I could make at home, that's for sure.
We wrapped up the meal with their "creme boolay" (it was Halloween eve ;D). Mediocre at best.
Oh and the corkage fee is $15.
All in all, it was a solid 4-star experience. Some of the dishes were a miss but I like the overall feel of this restaurant and will definitely come back for more!Great place! Wait here with some family that lives in New Orleans. They took us here and we loved everything! Great experience and can't wait to go back!Amazing service, amazing food, really good cocktails. Took my dad there when he visited me and he's ready to go back. French onion soup and cheese plate are staples. Would recommend to anyone!I love this place. It's my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The restaurant is simply a house in Bayou St. John. But it's a very special house...it has a tree growing in the dining room that goes right through the ceiling to the outdoors. How cool is that. As for the food, it is wonderful. I'm a creature of habit, so I always have the same thing. I start with the French onion soup. It's ooey gooey perfection. I follow that with hanger steak and pomme frites. The steak is always prepared perfectly. The pomme frites are to die for. And, of course, I compliment all this with a glass or four of red wine. Heaven.I was excited to try the escargot but after i had a 14" hair in my salad and a cockroach on the wall next to me i lost my appetite.Cafe Degas was fabulous! The food was scrumptious, the ambiance delightful and the service wonderful. We had the hanger steak and the salad with the goat cheese and topped it off with the lemon icebox pie. All were huge hits! Gustavo, our server was especially friendly and attentive. The owner, Angel even followed through with a promise to send us the recipe for the lemon icebox pie. When I make it back to New Orleans, I will definitely skip the touristy places in the French Quarter and head to where the locals go, Cafe Degas!Spent 51 st Anniversary at Cafe Degas. Kir Royale salade Nicoise, escargot, onion soup, boeuf steak - Pommes Frites. verre de Bourgogne. Tres excellent. Service outstanding and felt I was back in Paris 50 years ago. What a souvenir - realment. Don Merlot - Ron Alonzo.Delicious food, nice litte cafe atmosphere. Maybe a bit pricey but it is definitely a good spot for French food.
Prince Edward mussels and Escargot are very tasty.I feel like I am missing something here.  My boyfriend had the french onion soup, which was amazing, and the the hanger steak which was also very tasty, if a bit bloody.  I had the soup as well, but my main course was BAD.  I had the Osso bucco which was super over cooked and dry while the beets and potatoes that came with it were undercooked and rock like.  Also the sauce was just way too sweet.   I didn't even have to pay for my meal because I used a coupon from yelp, but it was bad enough where I don't know if I would go back.  That said it was just the one dish.  The rest was quite tasty.I loved Cafe Degas. It's a pretty great restaurant. Sometimes, the service can be snooty, most of the waiters are uber hipster.
The cheese plate is ALWAYS fantastic. I started with the crawfish ravioli, which was really good. It was one big, gigantimous ravioli and I would have preferred several smaller, more delicate raviolis. 
My entree was the bacon-wrapped scallops with asparagus, cous-cous, and the most delicious, light, yummy lemon-butter sauce I've ever had. 
We ended the night with the decadence cake. Need I say more?Delightful, actually magical place to dine.  Perfect French onion soup, wonderful wines. Memorable.This bistro is in my neighborhood, so I've been here probably a dozen times or so.  As much as a like it's proximity, French bistro style and indoor/outdoor dining room, it has been pretty much hit or miss for me.  
It seems there are some dishes that are consistently great.  The fennel/white wine mussels are the best example.  I get them every time, and they are my favorite mussels in town.  The pate plate is always good, same goes for the escargot and the french onion soup.  These items are, rightfully, on all their menus, lunch and brunch included.  I like their inexpensive French wines.  They are not terrific, but they are cheap (as they should be in a bistro).  They've got a few for like 6 dollars.  I had a really good duck confit once.  I also remember the salade Nicoise was good.  Oh and a heads up...Boudin Noir is not a Cajun-style boudin.  It's French for blood sausage.
I guess where I've been disappointed is on their specials menu and their brunch menu.  Their is always a separate additions menu insert along with the regular menu.  Most recently I had a lemon fish with risotto dish that was fine, but just seemed half-assed.  The lemon fish was dry and crispy and really small.  The risotto was good, but there must have been only four bites of it.  The presentation made it all look good, because there was a giant artichoke on which the risotto was served.  It took up half the plate, but it was just a giant artichoke posing as a bowl for the risotto.  The same artichoke appeared at brunch with the eggs sardou.  Also, you'd expect a French bistro to have a decent cheese plate/board.  The cheese plate is always a hunk of camembert or brie, one other cheese, and then some limp grapes.  The cheese board?  And one more cheese and there you go.  The quality of these cheeses seem to be of the Rouse's variety.  You know what I mean.  Skip the cheese.
My advice is to stick with the French bistro classics.  That's what I'm determined to do.  I mean, I'm not going to stop going to Degas.  II'll be back within a few weeks for sure. (probably for the french onion soup on a cold-ass afternoon).   It's just that I've kind of learned my lesson: this is the type of place where you have to stick with what you know is going to be good.I like the location and ambiance of this place.  The service was ok, and the food took a long time.  The place wasn't even packed.  The food....mediocre at best.  With the food priced the way it is...i'm expecting a lot....boy was I disappointed.  The dessert tasted like something that was made 3 days ago and left in the fridge until someone ordered it.  They need to up their service and their food levels a bit.We came here for lunch after visiting the Besthoff Sculpture Garden. Got seated almost immediately. Loved the ambiance, cute little restaurant with a tree in the middle! It was incredibly hard to decide what to order because everything looked amazing. Ended up getting La Caille Rotie, Crab Cheesecake and the Beet Salad. It was delicious and well worth it! Every bite had me singing mmm!I had dessert at the bar and was delighted to be surrounded by neighborhood folks, including a relatively famous local musician, and I was happy with both the food and the atmosphere!A semitropical dining room, plastic drapes for the rain, you find in Hawaii.  The food was delicious and prices more reasonable than I had anticipated, probably because it is a Wednesday night and a three course Prix Fix dinner is available for $32, with 20% off a bottle of wine to go with dinner.  There was a page of specials available; my husband was very happy to find a pate de fois gras terrine; I had a divine eggplant and tomato soup.  For entrees my husband had the largest soft shell crab he had ever seen, with fava beans and greens, while I had wonderful monkfish with pearl couscous and asparagus.  For dessert, with our coffee I had white peach sorbet and my husband enjoyed crepes suzettes.  We did get the promised 20% off our bottle of Pouilly Fuisse.  A very satisfactory dinner.It was a perfect lunch with whom I adore. The cheese plate was excellent. The open patio style dining area is very lovely and quaint. I can't wait to go back for dinner.We selected this place because it was within walking distance of the art museum in City Park.  We wanted to experience a more "local" restaurant and found Degas to be very enjoyable.  The decor is charming and the service was friendly.  The menu had a good selection of French dishes.  Our entrees were lamb and veal, something we don't often see back home in Florida.If you have the money to spend, this is the place. The lamb shank with vegetables ($30)were very good. It wasn't overly seasoned, so you can taste the meat and vegetable. 
It's a good place to hang with with friends for a quiet dinner. I would go back for wine next time.We waited over an hour to be seated even though we had reservations.  Another couple we met while waiting at the tiny 4 seater bar had to wait the same duration past their reservation. Our bartender was amazing and kept the drinks flowing despite how busy the restaurant was. Once seated, our waitress was terrible!  She took forever to come over.  We sat there for at least 15-20 minutes, with only water brought to us by the bus girl, before she came by to take our drink order.  It was another 15-20 min before our bottle of wine came to the table.  It does not get better after that.  She essentially only took our orders, brought plates and cleared plates.  Never once did she check on us during our courses.  And when there was another 30 min lag between the salad and the entree, she did not come by once to check or explain why it was taking sooooooooo loooooonnng.  
Now for the food: The appetizer (escargot) and salads (crab & fennel salad; and warm goat cheese salad) were great, but the entree fell flat!  The rabbit special was clearly pan seared even though the menu said "braised" and it was dry.  The "pappardelle" looks like it was actually lasagna pasta bisected lengthwise...poorly done for a fine dining establishment!  My boyfriend's hanger steak was actually good.
We might give it another shot but after the first try, it really disappointed.Quality had dropped horribly. 
1st waited 1hr 15min to be placed in smoker section patio kinda outside.
2nd server was painfully lacking. Attitude for days.
3rd recvd bread with no silverware. While waiting appetizers come out...still no silverware. Finally another server cleaning next table...brings us silverware. Waiter said they had been busy all day...so ran out.
Food was ok, but nothing noteworthy.
$160ish for party of 3...3 soups, 3 rack of lamb, 2 ice tea & 1 hot tea.