I recieved terrible customer service when asking to split a bill.  They refused, said that it was not in their job description to seperate bills, and the owners were too old fashion for that.  REALLY??!?!?! They had two tables in the place would not have been a big deal, yet they refused, why give poor customer service when you have the option to do better?  Long story short if you want/need your own bill sit on seperate chairs at the bar, maybe they can handle that.  Also the food isn't that great, I would rather pay a little more for more accomodating staff.The staff was great! Told us what she liked & she wasn't wrong. There were 5 of us & we each got something different & we were NOT disappointed! Huge portions so grab a to-go box.I am not one to write reviews but felt compelled to do so on this restaurant. I grew up in New Orleans and moved away for a few years. Now back and remembered Maspero's on Chartres Street for being known for their over-stuffed high quality meat sandwiches.  If Cafe Maspero on Decatur is an extension  of the original it hugely missed the mark. VERY disappointing! Had the roast beef poboy dressed thinking it would be at least equally as good as a typical New Orleans roast beef poboys. They must cater to tourists who don't know better.  The meat was like what you'd have in a Stouffers frozen dinner with canned gravy... not real roast beef gravy ... and maybe not real meat...and VERY SALTY! So much thick gravy that you couldn't pick it up to eat--too soggy--much less try to add the thin-sliced tomato and hamburger dill pickle - no lettuce, just a spoonful of shredded cabbage. The fries were great and our server was friendly but don't waste your money eating here. Never again--not even if they are giving it away. Wish I could have rated them less than one star!Why I fall in to tourist traps even after being to nola a thousand times is beyond my comprehension. I just love people watching. We were walking around the quarter and decided to eat at Maspero because we were starving and the place seemed packed. I've eaten at many places around the French quarter but always missed this one (for a good reason, I suppose!)
I look at the menu outside and decide we'll eat here. I was about to open the door to enter when a guy comes out and says "sorry man, can't let you in...we are packed"....oooh, I like this place already... They say I can't come in! We wait for about 10 minutes and then let in. The waitress comes to our table within a couple of minutes to take our order...
I order the jambalaya (waitress said: excellent choice) and my friend got the sea food platter. The food is less than mediocre. I've eaten jambalaya plenty of times in nola and I can say this is possibly the worst of all. I mean, even boxed stuff that comes from a grocery store tastes better. My friend's sea food platter is another story, after all! The breading on the catfish was soggy, the calamari was over fried and chewy, and the fried oysters were just hard. 
The food does not deserve more than 1 star.
So, why do I give this place 3 stars??
Its the people watching, I say!!
All the windows and doors are left open so you can see and hear everything that goes on the street. There is a sign on your dinner table that says "please do not feed the birds"....major points for that sign alone! Within the 40 minutes that we were there I saw 3 drag queens, a group of young britney spears wannabes in their dance outfits (hey, fellow Louisiana girls after all), frat boys, county folks, hippies, drunk tourists, waspy tourists, and a hooker....all in and around my window. 
Don't go to Maspero for the food, go there to watch people and be entertained!
P.S. Cash only!When ever we come to NOLA we stop here at least once.  My husband is a local in NOLA and we love making this on of our nust stops.Good food, good service. I would recommend this place mainly for drinks though. It has a full loaded bar. I had a hurricane which was good. Would of gave it 4 stars if it would have been a little cleaner restrooms were a disaster.The location is great, we sat next to the big open doors which let a wonderful breeze in without being too cold/windy. Our waiter Kenny was amazing, real personable, kept checking on us, and made our 10 month old daughter laugh out loud. great service!
The food was great too! the red beans and rice were delicious, but the star of our meal was definitely the alligator sausage sandwich, oh my stars! definitely a must try if you go!
also a super short walk to cafe du monde for beignets for dessert :-)I came to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. We heard about this place and came on a busy Saturday night. The guy hosting was very nice and got us sat quickly. We were greeted immediately, and ordered and got our food really fast.  The Chicken and Andouille Gumbo was very delicious! Great environment too. Our waitress was Melva, she was super nice and gave us great service, even took the time out of her busy night to talk to us and ask us about our day. Great food and amazing service, thanks to Melva, we will definitely come back to Cafe Maspero next time we're in New Orleans!!When you have a broad choice of eateries in the French Quarter, mediocre food and poor service are just a bad combination. The food wasn't BAD; it was just absolutely bland for the city. The muffuletta was okay but they're made or broken on olive salad and theirs was just too oily. The red beans and rice and jambalaya were also fairly bland when they should be taste sensations.  The hurricane was too sour and seemed sloppily made. 
And then there was the service. 
Our server, who was also the hostess, was nice enough, but considering the place had a good eight or so servers and about six tables taken, we should have been inundated with service. Nope. My husband indicated that he saw three servers just yapping away while we waited. 
You have literally dozens of places within a block to eat. Do yourself a favor and pick one of them.Tourist trap! Beware, food was gross, nothing special was the general consensus around the table. The service was SUPER slow despite only having one other table. We were probably the next to last guests of the night. The food was not worth the wait. Everything felt prepared and not cooked. I ordered the roast beef sandwich and was not at all impressed. It was salty and sloppy. It was like a frozen stouffers-like roast beef on a bun. Do yourself a favor and spend your money elsewhere. Throughout my whole meal I wished I'd spotted the place across the street first.besides the rustic naw leans architecture and style this restaurant has great fried seafood and delicious cheap drinks! on top of that the service was delightful and fast! by far my favorite place in New Orleans yet!The hot sausage sandwich was DELICIOUS! And the service was great!
Our waitress, Melva was very attentive and super helpful! Thank you! Will definitely visit again!Great food and best recommendations by our waitress Starr!! Thank you for all your advices. You can't miss the corn beef sandwich and voodoo doll cocktail...so goodddd!!Probably the best catfish po-boy I've ever had.  The bread was soft and delicious.  The gumbo was not stellar though.  The price wasn't terrible, especially for the portions ($11-$12 a plate).Food was served fast and Chris our server was friendly and efficient. Try the Muffuletta sandwich! Big portions and good value for what you get. Highly recommended. Great music too!Stayed right down the street, stopped in to take RedBeans and Jambalaya sides back to the room ... fantastic flavors so back the next morning for breakfast.
Top my omelette with etouffee and I am all set for the day. The Atchafalaya is a must ...If your looking for rude service, being called out your name, mediocre food, and unclean shrimp... this is the place to go! Please don't waste your time... young lady call a member in our party a b*tch! Manager was informed and only said sorry! Ordered french onion soup and it was salty, and shrimp po boy sandwich and all the shrimp were full of fecal matter (boo boo)!Yuk, this place is garbage.  We drove through New Orleans and figure that the French Quarter would have some of the best food.  Boy, were we wrong.  As you walk into the French Quarter, Cafe Maspero is one of the first restaurants that you would walk by.  When we saw it, we decided to walk in.  Big mistake.
It took the waitress almost 40 minutes to get to our table.  We must have hailed her down like 12 times.  She ignored us.   
I ordered the Jambalaya and red beans and rice.  My wife ordered they Muffalatta.  Both dishes were awful.  Did they just pick the leftovers from the garbage and served it to us.  Given the fact that we just drove in and were starving, we could not finish the dish.  It was that bad.  
I used to grew up in New Orleans (lived in Kenner) and know what good Jambalaya, red beans and rice, and Muffalatta should be.  This was definitely not it.
By the way, we had to hail the waittress for like 20 minutes to get our check.  The funny thing.. she brought our check to us and "automatically" charge us an 18% gratuity on the bill.  Obviously, she knew the service was lacking.  I refused to pay the tip (To Insure Proper service -- this was NOT done).  I crossed out the tip and paid only for the meal.  The heck with this restaurant.  Probably one of the worst places in the U.S.
Yuck!  Don't go here!!!Good late-night food. They have a good roast beef sandwich with au jus and french fries are always crispy on the outside and soft in the middle which is the best way to eat them.
The fried shrimp with sauce are also good and my friends and I tend to stop in here a couple times when in New Orleans. The ham sandwiches also a favorite of mine with a side of red beans and rice. 
The staff is hit or miss, sometimes you get a really good waitress that stays on top of her game and other nights you have to hunt someone down to get a refill of water. A couple years ago used to be really good it seems they may have changed owners and so it might be a learning curve.
The best thing about this café is that it's right next to Jackson Square so it's easy to pop into to get something to drink or eat. If you're in the area stop in, wouldn't make a special trip.Awful. Jambalaya that was 99.9% rice. Shrimp platter was a mess - thrown together sloppily with some shrimp that were over cooked and some almost raw. The burger was high school cafeteria grade at best. What a waste of a meal with so many good places to choose from in NOLA.Great prices for the location and quality!  Fast and friendly service.  If you're looking for a casual atmosphere with some southern and Cajun recipes, this is your place! get a window seat....you never know what you will see walking/riding by!We were encouraged to eat hear when we spoke with an employee at the door. We went in for breakfast. The waitress, Kristi, was nice and helpful with selections. The food was served quickly and hot. The meal was delicious. Definitely suggest eating here to others visiting the French Quarter.One of the best open-bar, people watching corner cafes on the planet.  If you come here, you're worried about a vibe....the food can be at your own preference and selection.  Enjoy!The jambalaya, fries and red beans are pretty good here.  The shrimp poboy was pretty good also.  The serving sizes are huge in comparison to the amount you pay.  They also have $1 strawberry daiquiris....not much liquor in them but still it's a $1.  Expect a line if you're going around lunch time.  Despite the rat or two you'll see outside...sometimes inside...(I'm really not kidding), I enjoy eating at this place.  Say hi to Mickey! lolThe roast beef sandwich is great here and huge. The seafood platter is cheap and pretty big, they give you a lot of seafood with little fries like I like. Some places put a ton of fries to make the plate look bigger. I only come here if I can get here early though, I hate waiting in lines.Really enjoyed the fried oyster poboy and the muffaletta Italian sandwich. Quick and quality service. Great spot for an in and out lunch.Service was great.  Food is consistent every time we go.  French onion soup and muffuletta make a great lunch.We live in baton rouge and absolutely love this place!! Definitely a must-visit whe in new Orleans. They don't dissapoint.Excellent and quick. One of our must visits every time we come to New Orleans. Be prepared for a waiting line, as the locals love this place. 
Excellent fried seafood, good sandwiches, interesting "French Quarter" ambiance. You will not regret this stop.We were seeking a catfish muffaletta and couldn't find a place with it on the menu.  The staff improvised to make one and did their best, although it missed the mark.  We probably should've ordered a po-boy.Terrible Customer service.... the young man at the door was great however once inside beware because after the server couldn't hear me she snapped and began cursing my friend out!!! The Manager said oh well I didn't hear it and did not properly address the situation.  Terrible experience I won't be backThis is a decent, moderately priced restaurant.  If you are in New Orleans do not plan this as one of your good meals, because it won't be that.  If you busy, between tours or shows and need to grab a decent, quick bite this would be a good place. My wife and I were in that situation when we needed to run in and eat somewhere before we got in line for Preservation Jazz Hall.  We each got an cheeseburger which was really, came with good service, and a decent price.
One nice thing about Cafe Maspero is that it does have some charm.  The place has a nice wide open interior decoration, with a very old world feel. My wife and I though we were going to have to eat at a chain, but it nice to eat a local place with some nice ambience.We saw a rat running around and when we raised the concern the response was that they couldn't control them...food was ok but cleanliness is poor....The good: our waitress Arica was very friendly and immediately made us feel welcome, which is not something I can say about the rest of the staff.
Later, when I hated my sandwich, she seemed sincerely upset on my behalf and took it off the bill. 
When my coworker grew full herself and declined the offer of a box to take home her leftovers, Arica asked if my friend would be willing to take out the remainder of her meal in a box and leave it for any of the city's numerous homeless people. Apparently it is routine for her to convince patrons who were going to otherwise waste their food to leave it in a take-out container on top of the newspaper machine out front so that the hungry can discreetly take what they need. My coworker agreed and gladly put her box atop others already waiting there. About an hour later when we passed nearby again, we saw a homeless man eating my friend's sandwich and we felt glad to be a part of the waitress Arica's crusade against hunger. What a heart of gold she has!
The bad: the food wasn't very good. It was cheap and there was a lot of it, but what does that matter when you don't want to eat it, right?
My friend had the veggie muffaletta and fries, with a salad to start. I had the traditional muffaletta and fries with a cup of red beans and rice to start. The red beans were not bad - I enjoyed the texture and the heartiness of them, even. They were a tad bland, though. They needed more spice, I think. Both of us enjoyed our french fries and devoured them, which is a sad commentary on the taste of the sandwiches, because a good sandwich should always be better than the side item accompanying it. 
About those sandwiches, I can only repeat what I said before: quantity of food is meaningless if it tastes poor. Both sandwiches were enormous, but the bread was flavorless to the extreme and the overabundance of olives on each (mostly green olives) made the sandwiches too briney. I gagged down one bite only and I am a fat girl who loves to eat and can usually finish anything, if that means anything.
Also, we did take advantage of the $1 Daquiris and we were not impressed. I am pretty confident that there was no more than a thimble full of alcohol in them, making them very large strawberry flavored slushies. Now that I think about it, I don't recall any real strawberries in them, either - just the weird artificial flavor that comes from a bottle and not nature.
Also, they do not accept credit cards nor will they seperate the checks, making it impossible for you to turn in receipts for reimbursement to your employer, if that is of concern to you.Had breakfast/lunch here with my wife in town for a convention. Nothing special that would bring me back again.Jambalaya was bland. Definitely better options available for authentic New Orleans cuisineGood value. We got takeout and ate at Jackson Square while people watching. The sausage sandwich was big and spicy. Red beans and rice could have used more flavor. Salt or Tabasco.  I would return.I don't like leaving subpar reviews...but I take Yelp seriously so I need to be honest. 
We ventured here on the recommendation of my husband and his friend. Apparently they had dined here years ago and had fond memories of their time (my guess is they were big fans of the cheap drinks.)  The one thing I had been craving since getting to NOLA was a muffaletta, so that is what I ordered. Well...it was highly disappointing. It just tasted like an overly salty sandwich to me. I couldn't taste of the meat or the olive spread. The bread was eh (and I love good bread). I barely made it through half of it before I had to stop. I later tried a muffaletta at another place and it was much better. Not as much meat, better bread. You would think it would be hard to mess up a sandwich, but sometimes more of something isn't a good thing.
My husband ordered the shrimp po boy and was also disappointed. He said he preferred the one he had at Acme Oyster House the day prior.The food here was good but our service was terrible. I wouldn't go back here and I barely ate my lunch after watching our cracked-out looking waitress cough into her hand before grabbing a daquiri to serve to someone. I also saw her drinking a bunch of soda while we were there. This isn't a problem generally but it took like at least 5 or 10 minutes before the waitress got to us after we sat down. I'd go somewhere else.Open air dinning if you can snag a table by the open French doors. I had the best breakfast here of potatoes, eggs, cajun sausage and fresh hot bisquits.  The place was a little empty since it was a little early.Was here over the Labor Day Weekend Holiday, and dined here twice. Their Shrimp Po-boy was absolutely delicious and necessitated a return trip. Their SD special Blue Drink was also delicious. When I am in town again, I will definitely try this place again!Don't mistake Cafe Maspero's for the Original Pierre Maspero's (which was the goal..). Ummmm, where to start, just bad, bad, bad!  The hubster had jambalaya, I had the red beans and rice.. They both were exceptionally gross.  The end.Well I have been coming here for years and it has always been a must stop for me and my family until this last visit. The prices have been jacked up and then you add in the parking fee across the street it becomes an absolute joke. Let me first say since moving to the South 3 years ago I have learned how to make the delicious muffaletta at home so it's not nearly the treat it used to be. I make it at home and it's so good so the need to drive to NOLA is not necessary unless you are in the area. I picked up my sister from the airport and of course she loves the place so we had to stop in. The price for the sandwich went up around $5 and everything was way marked up since the last time I was here (maybe a year) and at about $15 a plate now, it's just not worth it for me.  If you are a tourist you may want to stop in for lunch because it is a good sandwich and everyone visiting NOLA needs the muffaletta experience. After the $24 parking fee and the $50 lunch tab (3 sandwiches and 3 Cokes) plus a tip well it just became a $80 lunch. Not worth it and honestly I won't be back.Lame food, lame service. Overpriced tasteless Cajun cooking. For the same price you can find something much better.I went to this place on the recommendation of the concierge at my hotel.  I was skeptical, but was pleased to see that at almost 2pm, there was still a line out the door.  I ordered the seafood plate which was fried calamari, shrimp catfish and oysters.  The calamari was inedible, however the shrimp and oysters were pretty good.  The catfish was hot and falky but a little bland.  Overall, there was way too much food for me to eat and I left a lot to waste (since I was in a hotel).  The price was right ($11.25), but they only take cash and the ATM fee was $3.  :-(  I wouldn't eat here again, but it was a good place to start and the waitress was nice.Atmosphere is fun and very New Orleans. Its loud and crowded but that's half the fun. They have some if the best French onion soup you'll find anywhere. Sandwiches are usually pretty good here as well but the soup seems to be what keeps bringing  us back.Breakfast is good, however the Cajun Bloody Mary is OUT OF THIS WORLD. If you are in New Orleans you must try this.PATRONS BEWARE**Do Not Stop and dine. This is by far the worst staff and customer service I've everrrrrr experience. After their delayed lazy service and now my frustration of waiting for my food I was called a Bit$&! Ok....I'll show them what a Boss Bitch like me and my party of 7 do!...LEAVE! The tour place recommends them because of the muffuletta but there's more place with great service. Needless to say I've ask other people around and they stated that place is known for rude service.There are about 9 bazillion places to eat in New Orleans.  Everyone says "eat here, go there, don't miss" that it's about impossible to decide.  I knew that I didn't want a chain - and looked at the menu on the door, then I looked at my husband's face that had the "why don't you want here" look on it - so we went in.  I had the calamari plate - wonderfully cooked - not over done so that they were chewy - it was very nicely prepared.   My husband ordered the seafood platter, which was very nice also.
The biggest surprise was the $3 Strawberry daquiri - it was 24 ounces!!  OMG.  My pathetic little $6 margarita looked so sad next to it.  So I had another.
I would recommend friends to give this a try!The worst service!! Food took over an hour to come to table. Waitress never acknowledge us till we finally found her to ask where's the food!Food is good but the star of the show is Melva! She was wonderful- so friendly and outstanding service - highly recommend if she is working ask for her to take care of you!!!Great spot for a sandwich. They serve the classic muffaletta sandwich w fries, not fancy but just right. Local beer and soda (no free refills) . 
Great french onion soup, fresh fish sandwiches like catfish were perfect for a quick lunch. Cant beat the location on Decatur, half block from Jackson Square. 
Good food at a good price, quick service. A NOLA staple.If I could leave a negative star at this point I would. Please note- I am truly hoping to update the majority of this review to something more positive but for now--
  We ate here last evening at about 8pm ish. The place was dead with only about 3 tables -aside from ours seated and no one at the bar. There was, however a HUGE number of staff on. We ordered- two sandwiches and fries (husband and son) and I had a small bowl of 'jambalaya'. The guys liked their sandwiches but my meal was horrid- dry, old, and gloppy. Even the chicken in the mush of nothingness was dry. Our waitress, who was pleasant, took it off of our bill and informed the kitchen saying that sometimes the rice gets 'a little gooey' (good lord..). We finished payed and walked out the door and ten feet to the corner when I realized that I had left my cell phone on the table. I ran back in and it was gone. By the hostesses and another table's comments it was established that no one except us had left in the 2 minutes that I was gone, so where is the phone? It seems reasonable to assume that it is the establishment still though no one seems to have seen it- yea, right. We tried calling it but it had been turned off so it went straight to voice mail. We asked the manager to please check the the cameras and were assured that it would be done. Apparently not as we called again this morning and the day staff had not even heard that there was a problem last night. We're told that they are NOW checking the cameras but, please, excuse me if I decline to believe it.
 So, not only was the food just above 'so-so' the staff apparently steals from its customers and the management doesn't seem to care.
 Like I said at the beginning of this review, I hope this place can make at least the stealing portion of this review be adjusted, but it is doubtful...
 My recommendation? Steer clear .There are a few pros: the staff was friendly and engaging, the restaurant was clean, and the wait not too long.  However, the food itself just was 'A-Ok'.  It certainly didn't live up to quite what I was hoping for when we ventured out for Lunch in Nola.  The Cajun Jambalaya came with a small salad that built up my expectations slightly, however, the Jambalaya itself dropped them back.  The word Cajun implied it would be at least somewhat spicy, not mild mannered like the Jambalaya I can get back home in Philly.  Maybe Nola just can't handle the spice like I heard they could...Ok been there many time over the years, yes its now a tourist place, but locals still  go there and its a love have relationship but its cheap. nothing fancy , lots of meat on the sandwiches.We found this place when we got off the Natchez tour, I'd give it a 3.5, but I bumped it up cause of the daiquiris.  $1 for a small daiquiris and $3 for a large one, which is plenty big, in fact, it's the same size as the sodas and in NOLA you can stroll along the street and drink while you walk! 
I wish I could say the food was good, but my catfish po-boy wasn't all that, the fish was nice, flavourful, but it was a bland sandwich and the fries weren't great.  My brother had a fantastic muffuletta and my hubby's roast beef po-boy wasn't the best either.  
It was just ok, but I doubt I'd go back, I'm sure the quarter has much better to offer, we just didn't know where to go! 
Daiquiris were good though!Meh. Shrimp poboy wasn't great, but the service was good. My friends really liked the gumboChewy bread (and not the good kind that some french bread is known for), smelly surroundings,  dirty tables and bathrooms. 
Even if the food was 5 star (which it isn't,  only average) you couldn't enjoy it given the surroundings.**BEWARE** There's far better places to enjoy NOLA's cuisines then this place. Tour guides truly need to STOP recommending this place. A total waste of money and vacation time. Bad customer service experience and mediocre food.Best food for the best price in the French Quarter! Keep it simple when ordering--Jambalaya, Red Beans and Rice, or Mufaletta are delicious. Nice, central location. Great for kids. Good service.I liked this place. Yes it was a bit grungy looking but not unsanitary. Our waitress had worked there off and on for years - we heard her tell another table of customers - so it can't be all bad. 
Local people come there for lunch and get big plates of food. It's not a "fine dining" establishment. IMO they also had the best fried oysters of all the places I've tried them in New Orleans. The muffaletta was HUGE, I could barely eat half of it. 
Good value for your money. I'd go back just for the fried oysters.Tried this place on Sugar Bowl weekend. Every other restaurant we tried was 1 1/2 hour wait, but we just walked in Cafe Maspero, no wait.  Typically that would be a big red flag however given the circumstances we decided to give it a try. Boy! We're we royally rewarded. 
In our party we had the fried calamari, red beans and rice, jambalaya, alligator sausage sandwich and fried shrimp. Every dish was well prepared. We were all very pleased with Cafe Maspero.
The server was unique, but she still did a very adequate job. 
I would highly recommend Cafe Maspero.My well drink tasted like straight cranberry Juice. Our Fried Shrimp Sandwich was bland and the  service was subpar.One of the few places in the French Quarter that serves good New Orleans food. Sure, the Walgreens and a number of other places down the street may have jambalaya, but this place serves the taste of the city visitors come for. The French Onion soup is cheesy, and the poboys are piled high with tasty seafood.Me and a group of friends went here to eat out for my birthday and the service was horrible!!! The hostess guy didn't tell Us that everything goes on one bill and our waitress was horrible overall. Not only was the service horrible, oh no let me tell you the air conditioner was leaking on one of my friends and there was mold in the corner by the air vent. Our hostess was a young black guy....Malik to be exact and he was very disrespectful to our party. He told us we look like we come from the hood (how ironic) and he used vulgar language in front of us. When I asked for a manager he pleaded that he was only joking. Very unprofessional place of business and I will never return.Food is cafeteria quality. Jambalya was not as good as the Zatarans stuff I make at home. The $2.50 beers might be worth the trip alone though. Many Abita bottles and a few drafts for same low price.  Cash only but have an ATM in back. Fried shrimp was pretty good though. But would not go back considering all the other choices in the quarter. Except maybe for cheap beers.Cheap food, large portions, and pretty good flavors. It is a Cash only place so be ready but there is an ATM onsiteI came here to try the muffuletta since it's a New Orleans specialty. Dang, I really don't like their sandwiches here. The po-boy and this really disappointed me. Basically, the muffuletta is hamuger-like bread with 3 types of meet heaped on and topped with an olive spread. Eh. Too much meat and too dry. It was $8. The sandwich also came with some fries, which were okay.
I bypassed the line and went straight to the To Go window inside.This restaurant was recommended to me by the lady sitting next to me on my flight to NOLA.  She was a native and I figured she'd know what's up.  She told me specifically to try the Jumbalaya, and so that was what I ordered.
I came here for lunch on a Monday right when the doors open so there was no wait at all.  I ordered the Jumbalaya.  There was a small salad that came with it. Nothing too special-iceberg lettuce, one tomato slice and some honey mustard on the side.  Then, a huge portion of the Jumbalaya came with a small slice of toast.  I loved it! There were so many flavors! Shrimp with sausage in the rice.  Very delicious and tasty!Aleays get the seafood platter. It's a great plate of nicely fried seafood. My first time to try fried oysters -- I enjoyed them. Muffuletta  was great, just the right size, not too large. A busy place with friendly service.Quick fast and cheap doesn't get any better than that in the French Quarters!!!!Ugh..
In a desperate hunt for food in a city not equipped for a forecast of near freezing rain, my boyfriend and I settled on lunch at Cafe Maspero.
You can count on zero ambiance at this place. Wide open spaces, mismatched (not intentionally) furniture and soda fountains and "staff lounge" on display, you feel like you are in a cafeteria. They had no coffee to serve us at 11 am on a day that had set record low temperatures. We ordered a shrimp po boy and jambalaya. The jambalaya was all rice, hardly any meat at all. Had a canned flavor. And to add to the cafeteria style of everything, it was served on those hard plastic plates with bent cutlery. As if I was longing for an elementary school lunch experience.
Our waitress could not have cared less about anything other than socializing at the staff's "popular table". We were waiting for far too long for the check to escape this place.
If you have any other options, skip it!Went hunting for food our first night in NOLA after a long day of travel and realize woah so many options. This place seemed very busy with a wait out front and pricing was reasonable for the area so gave it a try. Wait staff was friendly and food came out quickly. 
Ordered a side of jambalaya and a shrimp PoBoy. Jambalaya was fresh and tasty. PoBoy was decent but nothing special. Basically fried shrimp on the roll, no unique other ingredients or sauce.My family has been going here for years and today was such a disappointment. They've always had delicious, HOT sandwiches and today I got the complete opposite of that. We probably won't be going back here again because the cooks and the rest of the staff have become so lazy. Maybe to tourists this is acceptable, but for people that have loved coming here for years, this is completely unacceptable.I just spent a week in New Orleans for the New Orleans Burlesque Festival. I go to Cafe Maspero everytime I'm there and it gets better and better every time. It's right in the French Quarter and you can have a nice view to people watch along the streets. 
It was late afternoon on a Saturday and I was suprised it wasn't as packed as it has been when I've visited before. 
I highly recommend their Red Beans and Rice (with ham and sausage!). The portion was huge and I had 3 meals from that one order. The only reason they loose a star is because I had to spicen up the red beans when I got home (I ordered carry out). This batch was a little blander than I remember which suprised me. But a sprinkle of some Tony Chachere's did the trick.
The service is very friendly and the atmosphere is casual. The cooks at the carry out window were courteous and engaged in small talk which made me feel right at home.I ate at this place all three nights while in New Orleans. Staff was very friendly and the menu has a wide variety of options. I had a pastrami PoBoy the first & third night. Absolutely the best one iv'e ever had. The meat was piled high and the plate is filled with french fries. You won't be disappointed.We went to this place on recommendation from our hotel concierge. The service was very good and the French onion soup with some of the best I've ever had. Next time I will order it extra cooked so the cheese on top is fully melted and brown and crispy. Our sandwiches came out hot and fresh and we're very delici
ous the french fries were some of the best in the city .we will be back.I had the Calamari and Jambalaya, SO good! You're seated quickly and it's in a great location. 
The best part of this restaurant was the service and the staff, I'll be back!My friends and I were visiting for a weekend birthday celebration, and it was recommended that we eat here. The wait to be seated was not long. However, they deserve a -5 (negative 5) for their poor customer service. You must provide a certain level of service to all who are patronizing your business. It's very unprofessional and appalling to have one of your employees use profanity towards a customer who advised you several times that the order you were holding, belonged to them. The manager's response for the situation was that he didn't witness it.The service was very good.  If there are 2 of you and you both want sandwiches I suggest sharing.  The portions are enormous and most likely can't be finished by one person.  Drinks are super cheap!  Only downfall is it's cash only.The food was very good. It was nice to find some of the Cajun flavors from the other side of the Pontchartrain in the middle of New Orleans.Great environment.   Had a steak strip, a little tough,  but manager was at our table right away wanting to make it right.  They care about customers.  Would eat here again in a minute. Yum.Came here with the girls for dinner after a day of walking around and shopping for souvenirs. The service here that night wasn't that great and was kind of slow, even for a restaurant that didn't seem packed at all.. (It was St. Patrick's Day and everyone was basically outside watching the parade pass by on Decatur Street).
Our server wasn't very attentive since we found ourselves waiting around after our meal was over. She seemed to have forgotten about us because she was sitting in the corner counting her tips.. and at arrival of the bill, we were still charged extra for something we didn't order. Ugh.
Overall, decent food at cheap prices. A seafood platter with french fries and a salad for under $12? With leftovers? Not too bad. For some reason, there was just too much cheese on my salad. I love cheese, but this was overdoing it! Salad with cheese? More like an order of cheese with salad! =P
I also liked the feel of the open space in the restaurant- it was as if you were eating outdoors. We were able to see/hear the parade from our table which was pretty cool. Maybe I'd come back here again when I visit New Orleans. Probably wouldn't be the first place I head to, though.I went to Cafe Maspero several times for dinner with a friend. We took Muffulettas. We had the pleasant surprise to receive very large meals, and for a decently low price. The food also tasted very good and this became one of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans that we visit every time we go.
The restaurant is usually very busy both for lunch and dinner so there is some waiting time to expect, especially for dinner. The service is always pretty good. The restaurant is located in the heart of the French Quarter, and its charm makes it a very typical New Orleans restaurant, that also serves typical New Orleans food.
I would say that its quality/price ratio is very good. As far as I've seen, this is one of the cheapest places where to eat in the French Quarter.
Overall, my experience with Cafe Maspero was very positive and I would recommend it for lunch or dinner. Feel free to message me for any additional details that you may need!Saw buffalo chicken sandwich advertised outside Cafe Maspero's restaurant so I stopped in for a late lunch. Waitress was quick to stop by the table and was very pleasant. Ordered a beer, which arrived quickly and was cold and refreshing. Salad arrived and looked fresh, however half way through found a long blond hair in the salad. Waitress offered to ask manager to discount meal (which was not necessary or requested by me) however she returned to table and said the manager was not willing to do a discount since the salad came with my sandwich and was not separate. I was most surprised by the fact that the manager didn't come by the table to apologize. 
Regardless of the salad situation, the buffalo chicken sandwich was good, although the bun was a little large in proportion to the chicken. French fries were just ok.Good breakfast spot in the French Quarter. Good good, good service. More traditional breakfast option with less emphasis on Cajun cuisine.Wasn't too busy. Good service. Got muffaletta. Pretty good. Not the best but not the worst.Yuck.  Building looked interesting and had lines out the door.  Prices were cheaper than most places we had been eating at all weekend, so we were on board.  This was the last day of our vacation and we were all yelped out so we didn't reference. Boo, bad mistake. 
It was smelly and dirty. waitress was smelly and dirty. bathroom was filthy.  Food was slop, dry jambalaya, cold greasy garlic bread, amazingly bland calamari.  Beers were ordered and never arrived.  Every diner in the place looked sad.  We were depressed too.  
Too many great places to dine in NOLA to ever eat here.This initially would've started out as a good review until our check came.  My husband and I ordered the seafood platter. I asked if i could switch the calamari for something else.  The waitress kindly said of course.  I replaced it with extra shrimp and  an extra charge never was mentioned.  Oh, the meal was to come with a salad also.  So, after eating our meal i asked for the check.  I reviewed it and their was an upcharge for the replacement of shrimp instead of calamari.   Again, that was never mentioned.  So, I mention my concern to the waitress and she said she would go and talk with the manager.  I said ok.  The waitress comes back to say she really didn't want to ask her to take itsto off for fear of losing her job.  Well, of course I dont want anyone to loose their job over 5.00.  But, the principal of the matter is ....you charge me then you say you can't take it off then i didnt even get my salad with my food.  The waitress also says sonething about new management taking over and not telling them new rules or whatever.   Again, that's not my problem if the company lacks communication skills with their employess.I feel as though it could've been handled differently.  But  that's ok.  I will not back because of their insensitivity towards their customers.If you are looking for good food you best try elsewhere.  If you are looking for CHEAP food in the quarter, you have found the spot!  Your food probably won't be cooked right.  I got a well-done burger that was still grazing once.  Another time I got a sausage that was burnt beyond recognition.  Service isn't terribly friendly but it's fast.  I would never go hear again if it wasn't the cheapest place I know to get food in the quarter.  For the cheapness factored in I give it 2.6 stars.This is a pla e go to place in NOLA. Not sure why some of the people rate the food as awful as I have never been disappointed. 
CAme here on a trip with the wife . I got the muffaletta and as usual it was great. 
My wife who loves Red Beans and Rice cleaned her plate and she said they were great. Getting this from her is great compliment because she i very picky when it comes to red beans and rice.
Plus the music which is great. 
If you want a great meal and reasonable come to Cafe Maspero. Six  thumbs up guys!Found this place last min for breakfast.  Something going on half french quarter out if power, this place was still servimg breakfasts.  Crowed and cramped dud mot think would like food.  Boy was I wrong everyone was happy with their meals all clean plates and very full. Pleasant suprise.Another of my favorites!  I don't go to the French Quarter much unless I have visitors and Café Maspero has always been a stop for me.  Large thick sandwiches!  Some smothered in a rich delicious gravy... my personal favorite being the roast beef with cheddar.  Don't forget the impeccable French Onion soup, perfectly seasoned and covered with a generous chunk of melted cheese!  Usually I gorged myself on the soup and could only eat half of my sandwich!  All of my visitors loved the place... except it can get very crowded and, at lunchtime, there is often a long line to get in the door!  I feel it's worth the wait but with Louisiana's scorching sun I rarely would go in when it's that crowded!  Please don't let the $1 daiquiris fool you.  It's one of those times when you get what you pay for!  It's a tease and will cool you off but will send you on a search for a "real" one!!Came here for the authentic Cajun food for our first time in New Orleans...Our party of twelve was very displeased. The waiter ended up bringing too many drinks that we didn't order and the food was very blan. The waiter has messed up on our checks about four times! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone EVER! Better Cajun food in Tampa, Florida!! Will not be returning.The staff is excellent. It's in the heart of the tourist district but it feels local. I've had better food but if you're looking for a place to try the local flavor, this is a good bet. It's easy to find and prices are reasonable. If you're hungry in New Orleans and you stumble across Cafe Maspero, it's a good choice.We were starving and trying to find a place to accommodate us without a long wait. We walked into Cafe Maspero and they were super friendly and found us a table immediately. The service was excellent...everyone was happy and very personable which made for a fun dinner. The food was good - two of our kids had the muffuletta which they said was amazing. I had the fried seafood plate. I normally don't do fried food but it was really good too. What really stood out though was the employees!First time eating here. The food was good. Our waiter wad top notch. Very friendly and helpful. The food came out fast. I would recommend this place if you are in the area.Everything on the menu is greasy and fried. The food is flavorless, and definitely not worth what they charge you. Of all the amazing restaurants in New Orleans Cafe Maspero is not one of them. Save your money and go somewhere else, your tastebuds, and your wallet will thank you for it."Really good. Food was great." Those words are from my cousin and she ain't neva lied...
But she's right. Very good food. I ordered the muffuletta (but veggie version since I'm vegan). Pretty tasty. But overall, I feel that the food was standard, not exceptional or like super flavorful. It was good and what you'd expect, but not beyond expectation. Big portions, which was a major plus. Mama's gotta eat. They also had great deals on a variety of drinks. Cousin got the peach sangria and I had a sip and it was a sweet drink.
Since I'm vegan, sort of sad there was literally only one option. But hey, beggars can't be choosers. And we're in Nola, where some of the best seafood and meat love to be eaten!
Atmosphere was nice. Just a block away from famous Jackson Square. Very open space with ample seating. Service was quick and staff was very friendly.
Like I said, food didn't particularly stand out. Not sure if I will return when I return to Nola, but a good lunch spot if you're looking!It was just okay.  I was a little excited for the $1 house wines and daiquiris, but they were pretty weak (what can I expect?). Great location. I had a veggie po' boy.  I think it's called mustelafa or something?! Darn, wish I would've reviewed a month and a half ago, right when I went. That was decent. Very salty, which was to be expected because of all of the olives. 
Everyone else's food was very diner-ish. The food was very affordable. I found this to be true everywhere in New Orleans!  Even the fancier restaurants. 
All in all, it was just okay. I definitely want to return to NOLA, but probably not this place (maybe for a snack and a drink only, not dinner).Walking along the touristy part of downtown we walked into this place to check it out and catch a quick bite to eat. Def very greasy, oily and lots of friend options here. The restaurant wasnt very clean either but then again, this clearly caters to the tourists in town. I don't think I'll be back.Seems to be going downhill...the roast beef sandwich is not nearly as good as in the past (they seem to have changed the beef to a more commercial version), and the servers now seem to be sullen and uninterested in what they were doing.  I hope this changes, because Cafe Maspero used to be a favorite stop for us...we will go somewhere else next time we eat in the vicinity.The wife and I stopped for a late lunch of Seafood Gumbo.  Good flavor!  The staff could have been a little more friendlier.  Have found that many in the Quarter seem to lack the skills for the food service industry,  Waitress complained of being busy and understaffed for the crowds that day.Wonder why people rate this so low. ...it's a solid spot to get cheap and plenty seafood and the $1 daiquiri are so good.  I like this spot for festivals too because it's near everything and you usually can get in and out. Some of the servers are a bit dry and some appetizers or sides are blah. But it's an okay spot to just grab something from.Great place to eat! A lot of food for your money! Cheap drinks and nice staff!! Thumbs up !Phenomenal lunch at this wonderfully welcoming establishment. Sat at an open door table with my husbands service dog and enjoyed helpful suggestions from the manager and our waitress Tate. Fish plate was light and moist, melt in your mouth good. Husband enjoyed the Chisesi Ham Sandwich and a local brew called Slack Water. Oh and you must try the Beignet Fries! OMG good! Ask Tate to make you her special Arnold Palmer too.  Really yummy. We will be back!I was in the area with some friends and we dropped into Cafe Maspero for a quick lunch. Both the food and the service were very disappointing.
All the dishes we tried were fairly tasteless, including the red beans and rice, the jambalaya and the fried catfish and fries. Our waitress was also quite rude and refused to split our check into even 2 parts, when we were a group of 7.
The only positive? Decent portion size - however, with such tasteless food, no one wanted to finish everything on their plate. 
It's hard to find bad food in New Orleans, but this place succeeds at producing it!I would first like to say that I had some most radical company when I came here, so perhaps it has skewed my opinion some. 
As some background; I was up until 4:30 am the night prior (like you do) woke up around 11 am and arranged for a nice lunch meet-up on a Friday. 
Usually after a serious night of drinking I have two food objectives
1.) something that isn't too rich
2.) something that will not give me the trots
Maspero Café managed to have me covered on both fronts. Woot!
This place isn't fancy by any means, but it is clean and easy to walk to if you are staying in the quarter. I am happier dining without pretense anyway. Our waitress was a nice blond woman in a Saints jersey and she was quick and to the point with our service. 
I had the turkey poboy with swiss cheese and it came on this big, fluffy, toasted, chewy roll (yes I had to include all of those adjectives) All of the toppings came on the side including HELLA pickles (yay) The turkey was super moist and smokey flavored. I liked that you can apply your own condiments at the table because I am a hater of mayonnaise but a newfound lover of creole mustard. This stuff is magical spicy goodness and I wanted to drown my food in it. There were some steak cut fries that came with the sandwich but I was so engrossed in my sandwich undertaking that I didn't get to enjoy them fully. 
I have never had a poboy before, so maybe this isn't the best one out there, but as my basis for comparison to other sandwiches, I thought it was pretty awesome. The rest of my time down there, I kept on thinking back to that damn sandwich. 
Thank you mysterious lunchtime friend!!My go too place for lunch when I'm in The French Quarter. Muffulettas are great, French onion soup is great. Really good red beans and rice as well. Strategically located for a stroll to the French Market, and a trip to the River walk, shops. Jackson square is right around the corner.We were in the mood for light and easy... this is the place.  The draft beer menu could use more choices, however the food was good.  Nothing fancy, basic southern cajun.  I expected the jumbalaya to be soupy (it was not) but still tasty.  Food arrived quick and they had good service.NO STARS FOR THIS NASTY PLACE!!!
Came here for a night after the wedding dinner at the groom's request with family and members of the wedding party.  Prior to Hurricane Katrina, Maspero was the groom's favorite spot to dine in NOLA.  There were too many signs that we should have left alot earlier and Maspero has not recovered from Katrina.
First, our table was not ready.  The groom had called to make arrangements for our large party of 20.  Clearly, they were disorganized.  We were instructed that we all had to sit at separate tables.  Fine.
We sat down.  One table got their food before another table had even ordered.  issues with the waitress trying to get our orders straight.  French onion soup arrives cold with two slices of swiss cheese floating on top.  Hello, where is the bubbly melted cheese over crusty bread or crutons?  Waitress ignores our requests to send the soup back.  Other waitress dressed as a gypsy with pink & blue hair advises that our waitress is deaf which helps to explain her incompetence.  the other waitress states, "why send the food back, just eat it."  This provokes a response from a guest who whispers under her breath, "okay, when I get my food and I don't like it, why don't I just throw it at the kitchen."
At about this time, we take a look at the kitchen which is filled with men who look like they just stepped out of Pirates of the Carribean: Dead men's chest.  We then observe one of the chefs pick his nose and pull our hamburger buns out of the toaster.  At this point, we get up and leave.  
We exit the restaurant and opt for a liquid dinner on Bourbon Street.  As we walk down the side street, we notice that we are at the back of the restaurant and the door is open.  The dishwasher has his left hand down the front of his pants while he sprays the dishes with a nozzle in his right hand.  He then removes his left hand from his pants to pick up the clean dish and place it on the rack.
NUFF SAID!@  I WOULD GIVE ZERO STARS IF IT WERE AN OPTION.this is comfort food.  it's not fancy or expensive.  in fact, the food here is pretty cheap!  
I received a note from the owner, they DO accept credit cards!  I guess I had old info and could have saved the $4 atm fee!
my son loved the french onion soup, my daughter inhaled the entire veggie muffaletta (I wish I could tell you what it tasted like but she ate all of it!).  I had a regular muffaletta and beer and the wife enjoyed a giant strawberry daiquiri and calamari with fries...  the total bill was less than $40.  it was worth the 30 minute wait.  
service was also friendly and quick.  it was just what we needed to refuel and get back to exploring the french market and french quarter.We pulled in to downtown parked. This is the first place we saw and we walked in. Melba!!! What a sweetheart our waiter was so attentive and made us feel welcome. Food was amazing kids has pancakes they were so good. Mom and brother had the 2egg hash. You know what I'm not a big fan BUT FROM HERE! it was really good. Big fan of home style cooled food. And this place sure hit the spot! Make sure to stop by!had the muffaletta - very good! Jamie had the red beans & rice w/sausage...very good, very new orleans.Great food and even better service. Authentic New orleans dishes. We got the jambalaya and gumbo. Absolutely wonderful and the staff was super friendly.We popped in here for a quick dinner one night while visiting New Orleans. The service was fast, friendly, and attentive. I ordered the jambalaya. It was average. It didn't taste bad, but it wasn't the best jambalaya I've ever had. My boyfriend ordered the mulletta and he said it was very good! This is a decent and inexpensive place to grab a meal in the French quarter.Frozen. Fried. Toothless wonders of a staff. Wonderful experience to be had by all. I just wish it had been better. This city has a plethora of fresh seafood and awesome restaurants. They say you get what you pay for, yet at this place they are proud of their pre-made frozen crap or what I would call $ with a :( on a scale of $-$$$$$. Staff is less than desirable to say the least. I wasn't going to write this but if it will help someone,  anyone look somewhere else then I guess I've serviced my purpose writing this.Great New Orleans style Cafe!  
Good service, decent food and a great Cafe style atmosphere!  
Good place to stop in w/ a variety of different meals to order for dine in, or to go.  
And it's just down the street from Cafe du Monde for some dessert afterwards.Was here last night with my kids after the Holloween parade.  As a kid my parents would take us here on our trips to the French Quarter and I wanted to share the same experience with my kids.  Too bad the service is horrible!!  When you have to ask the server if it is possible to get a drink refill because she never comes back to check on the table once she delivers the food to the table.  But of course there is a suggested 18 and 20% tip on the bill.  I am always a generous tipper because I appreciate good service.  This time however I only left 15% and felt like she didn't deserve that at all.  On top of that..we were seated near the kitchen area and continued to hear the wait staff drop the "F" bomb...so unprofessional! !Excellent service and great veggie muffulettas, super cheap for the portions you're getting as well.Stopped in for a quick bite.  Had the gator and sausage po boy and it was pretty good.Hanging around the French Quarter and decided to grab a quick lunch. Was feeling adventourous so decided to just find a decent looking  restaurant. After all this is NOLA where you can get good food anywhere right?  The first restaurant i got to which unfortunately i did not get the name of was fairly empty but i was left waiting for 5 min to be seated. So  after 5 min i left and went to the next restaurant Cafe Maspero. It was packed which i figured was a good sign. Was seated almosr immediately. I ordered my favorite  local dishes jambalaya for appetizer and a muffuletta sandwich. What followed was one of the most awful eating experience in a while. What passed as jambalaya was mainly lots of bland rice with a few morsels of shrimp and hints of sausage. After 3 spoonfuls i told the waitress to take it away. Then the muffuletta arrived. It looked pretty good although it was sitting in a pool of oil. One bite and I almost spat it out.  It was bland and oily.  How can a restaurant mess these 2 diahes up is beyond me. Needless to say I didnt finish the sandwich either. I also noticrd many other diners had unfinished food. As if the awful food wasnt bad enough the bathroom was DISGUSTING. AND later on that night I was sick which i am fairly sure had something to do with the food here.  Bottom line: dont waste your time or money in this dive. You might also not get sick from the food.We were looking for a place to bring 2 families and someone recommended this place.  I had looked at the menu online for the Original Piierre Masperos (not related to Cafe Maspero's) thinking that was where we were going.  I sure wish thats where we would have gone.  When the server came to take our drink orders, I asked to sample the Abita Amber on draft, as I had never had.  She says, oh, they won't allow us to do that.  Well, you just missed out on the sale of a couple of beers.  Stupid on their part!  The next night, at another restaurant, they gladly sampled me the same beer and they got the sale.  The ladies had daquaris and you can't beat the price.  $3.00 and they are served in large styrofoam cups.  The food was average at best.  The atmosphere was dated.  There are an awful lot of places to eat in NOLA, and you would think they would want your business and want you to come back.  They just seemed to be going through the motions.Great customer service, convenient location and some of the best fried basa fish I've had to date. The beignet sticks were also good. I had the white beans and rice with my fish. While I love white beans more than red beans and loved the concept of white beans and rice, they were just ok. I'll definitely return for the fish on my next visit to NOLA and highly recommend itThis place is soo good!!! Thank you Melva for making my experience more than expected!!!Horrible service and food, the chicken in the jambalaya was very dry and hard and just overlooked so I think that says it all.  The service was really really slow possibly the slowest I ever seen.  I literally stood up at my seat to get attention of the waitress.  I had to try for about 5 min to flag down anyone in order to get a refill.  I was about 10 before someone got my drink order! At least I didn't have to spend money on a decent tip.I came to this restaurant with a big group of friends and have to say I really enjoyed almost everything about it! Great creole jambalaya, never had anything like it. We were there around 8:30 PM and it was very loud, that's the only downside. Our waitress Melva was incredible! She was attentive and made sure we always had what we needed. Excellent service. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a lively atmosphere and great food!Always good, great location, friendly staff and great food.  Good enough for Andrew Jackson then and he'd still be coming if only he could!  Sit at the bar and ask for Sunshine!No - Just... NO!!
This place used to be A-ma-zing back about 10 years ago.  I used to go here every time my sis and friends took a trip to NoLa - and that was *a lot*.   They used to have truly excellent red beans n rice I would write home about.  Now? The food might as well be served to prisoners or people who've lost all their taste buds, because it has no flavor whatsoever.
 I was so excited to take my husband here on our recent trip, and so utterly disappointed with how this place has fallen to worse than bad.  Later we learned a group had come in and bought out the old place, which apparently (I was not delusional) used to be a gem in the quarter - and lowered all standards of quality.  
The fact the place was empty on a Friday night... Yeah that was prolly a tell-tale sign.
Of course I hadn't known this, so I ordered the red beans n rice w/andouille. Everything came with a salad... The salad looked like something you would get at the Crappiest  Restaurant on Earth - cheap and pointless. And it came out in a second.
The wine, obviously, was also crappy - both things you would associate with a low-end restau past its prime.
The entrees similarly came out in less than 5 minutes.
The beans n rice had literally no flavor. So disappointing! The sausage was kinda funky but pointless to eat since the rest of my meal was crap.
My husband ordered the fried oyster po'boy and he said it tasted like 'fried nothing.'  - And he's not all THAT picky of an eater. 
We just paid our tab and left most of the food uneaten. The waitress didn't seem one bit surprised.
Just, don't go.  Mourn what this place used to be, and let's hope someone else buys it out.Great place off Burbon St to relax, enjoy a cheap daiquiri. Always have the muffuletta and it is good each time.The food was great. A perfect place for group gatherings. Mrs. Renee was a very nice and great waitress! Love, golden meadow middle quiz bowl team.We had great Achafalaya omelettes and a great waitress, Melva. Right on Decatur. Open all day.maspero's has been a must stop for the past 20 years. This year it all changed. Their over stuffed sandwhiches are now thick sliced over-heated and dry with much less meat.  Lower quality meat too.  I can still recommend the seafood but not the sandwiches.  Before this year there was always a long wait to get in, but not anymore and I can see why. I hate to cross them off my list but now I know.I don't get the hype. 
Our lunch was the essence of "ok". I ordered the fried shrimp sandwich. I was disappointed that it came on a sesame seed bun, as opposed to a hoagie roll. The shrimp were "fine". Nothing special. The sandwich came with steak fries. I don't really like steak fries, but again, I guess they were "fine". My husband got the seafood platter. He said it was pretty marginal...nothing special at all. We both agreed that we have had MUCH better seafood back in Dallas, which shouldn't be the case, for obvious reasons. Neither of us could understand the long line of people outside waiting for a table. The whole meal was just so underwhelming. Oh,wait, here's a positive: they do sell cute little strawberry daiquiris for a buck, so that's cool. But other than that...I can't really recommend this place.This place was a complete waste of time and money. I ate with a group of people and no one was excited about their meal . Everyone quietly filled their stomach as we had all been enjoying the Mardi gras activities all day.
Everything was blan and boring, not enough salt, no flavor. I was really disappointed. I ordered a catfish sandwich which the waitress assured me was better than the shrimp sandwich. I honestly only finished it because I needed something to keep me going.
The prices were not bad. The service was barely up to standard.Fun atmosphere and interior. If I'm totally honest the food was good but not what I had expected. Maybe  because I had heard so much hype about it. The service was great. If I came back I would try something other than the Jambalaya and Muffaletta.Cafe Maspero was recommended to myself and three others. We attended lunch on a Saturday in late June. Our waitress (RHONDA M) didn't serve our table until 20 minutes after we were seated. After she finally came to us we ordered drinks and food together. The waitress seemed irritated while taking our order. We ordered two muffulettas and two burgers. The food arrived shortly after we placed the order. The food was good, however Rhonda did not write our orders correctly. The service of our table consisted of occasional check-ups about every 20-25 minutes. The food order arrived incorrectly, one muffuletta, one burger, fried seafood and a salad. 
I would not recommend this restaurant for it's service, however the food was okay. 
A note to management: Please have employees that practice good service and good hygiene. It was very apparent our waitress that day did not care about the service she provided and her personal appearance. 
I will not return to this place of business.Unfortunately the worst meal I've had in New Orleans. I ordered a Bacon Burger. The burger was very dry, I could hardly chew through the bacon, and it had zero flavor. The service was decent, though it took a very long time to receive our food. Would not recommend it.OVERATED. Looks incredibly busy, but obviously  with first time tourists. The staff couldn't handle the tables. The Jumbalaya was like frozen food. There was only one veggie dish..the muffalata. Ehhh..it was not good. The fries weren't good either. I had to keep asking the neighbor table to use his ketchup (which was also almost empty) since we didn't see our waitress after the food was dropped.No drink refills until we were able  to tackle her when she ran by.Cheap prices, cheap food.Stopped in for a couple drinks midday. The bartender- I believe her name is Kotanya- was excellent! She made great recommendations on what to order as well as places to explore in New Orleans. Awesome service from her!We were in New Orleans for a Mission Trip with 33 students and 10 adults. We wanted to wrap up our week with some downtime in the city and a great dinner.
Not many places in New Orleans can handle 43 people, especially on a Friday. We called several places and Cafe Maspero said they would accommodate us if we came as early as we could. We got to the door at 4:45 and were seated right away across 5 tables and servers. The staff did an excellent job, the food was coming out super fast and the orders were all correct. We were seated, fed, and out the door in under an hour, which is a small miracle with a group that size!
The food is fantastic as well. Lots of the group ordered the New Orleans staples on the menu like gumbo, jambalaya, and red beans and rice.
I had the special which was Catfish jambalaya. It came out with 4 catfish fingers fried and served over white rice. Then they pour a big helping of crawfish étouffée over the fish and rice. The fish flaked perfectly and wasn't the least bit greasy. The étouffée over the top was amazing and it was an incredible deal for the price. It also came with a side salad that came out just a minute or two after I placed the order. 
Everyone enjoyed their food, the staff was very courteous, and all of that for a group of 43 on Friday night in New Orleans!
I would highly recommend Cafe Maspero to groups going downtown to eat. Make sure you call ahead though, not sure they could have helped us if we hadn't because the place filled up fast with other tables just before we left.When we arrived we were told there was a 10 min wait.  There were 14 tables open!  Service and food was just ok.  The place needs a good cleaning, restrooms were bad.  There are many better options.I did not like this place at all. The feel of the restaurant,  the food, and our server were all kind of sad. The horse carriages stop right in front of the restaurant so you're constantly getting the smells from that. The food was totally not worth the money.I like this place.
Hungry and wandering, my friends and I were relieved to find Cafe Maspero.  It's on a street corner, has nice big windows and is very wooden (rustic?).  I order the Cajun jambalaya and was delighted by how big the portion was relative to the price.
We actually ended up traveling back here again with some more friends another night and experienced the dinner rush.  A bit of a line but it moved quickly.
The servers are friendly and the place is chill.  A nice place to rely on when you don't have enough energy to find anything else!I go here everytime I visit New Orleans simply because it's a very affordable consistent lunch spot. It also has the very best calamari I've ever tasted and the daiquiri, while not very potent, is very good also. I wouldn't recommend the roast beef sandwich you can get much better at any Po-Boy shop. Actually everything else on the menu sans calamari can be beat but I doubt you'll get more for your money. Be prepared to stand in line during lunch since many tourists are steered here. Tip the waitresses extra too they are seriously overworked.It is what it is. Cheap, lots, fun and basic. Not haute cuisine or gastro pub food but basic sandwiches and beers, with friendly service. Good with kids because it's not just a boozy bar. We went at lunch. A vendor in the French Market suggested it.Tried jambalaya and muffaletta, both sub par. At least they don't charge an arm and a leg for it.This was a pretty good place to stop for lunch.  I ordered a salad and jambalaya and my boyfriend ordered the muffaletta sandwich.  Both were decent. I wasn't completely blown away by my jambalaya, but it was not bad.  I would still go back to this place if I'm in the area.  I tasted the muffaletta sandwich (I'm not an olive fan), and it was okay. My boyfriend really enjoyed it.  Bloody Marys were fantastic.  Possibly the best Bloody Mary I've ever had.  That's a win for me. :)Best french onion soup I've had in a very long time! Red beans and rice was good. Jambalaya was not good at all, definitely skip that one.So disappointed. My boyfriend basically just had a bed of rice for for his jambalaya. My coffee was burnt my salad was not nearly.close to costing 9 dollars. It just basically.sucked. we left hungry and went and ate at a few other place's. Don't go hereThank you for your apology and it is Accepted.  In fact I just mentioned to my husband earlier today how I enjoyed the food.  I told him had it not been for that situation I would gladly return because I Really enjoyed the food.   I may see you soon.  Thanks!First time in New Orleans and I was told I needed to try this place out. The food was amazing! We had Melva S as our waitress and she was amazing. This is definitely a go too place!I left Cafe Maspero severely underwhelmed by both the food and service. The service was pretty rude and not very attentive, never asked if we needed more water or anything. This kind of thing usually bugs me at restaurants. We ordered an oyster sandwich and the seafood plate, and both were pretty bad. The sandwich was bland, very average. I was surprised by the platter, which is described as "golden-fried" but was actually really heavy and crispy. It sort of reminded me of KFC with seafood, it was s heavy and crunchy. I was looking forward to something more lightly battered so I could actually taste the seafood. The highlight was a $1 strawberry daquiri (don't be fooled though, it's very small) which was super tasty, but not very alcoholic at all haha. Anyways, for $15 for lunch, I'd definitely advise that you pass up this place for some of the other tastier and friendlier places in the FQ. Meh.I had the muffalatta and it was out of this world! Waitress was tentative and refilled drinks immediately without being overbearing and ruining conversation. Will definitely return!!My boyfriend and I were walking around and spotted this place with a line wrapped around the building. Thinking it must be good we went there for dinner... We were wrong! The place was dirty the table and chairs were wobbly, took forever to get our food, the food was tasteless (besides the jambalaya my bf had), I never got a refill on my soda and we waited forever to get our bill to pay and get the change back.I come to the FQ from California on a regular basis and was introduced to Cafe Maspero's by a friend 8yrs ago. Ever since then Cafe Maspero's is one of the 1st places on my list to stop and get a bite to eat when I arrive in the FQ. 
Get there EARLY because the line does form...but they do have plenty of seating but fills up quickly. Now as a creature of habit I ALWAYS get their seafood plate (extra horseradish, cocktail sauce and thousand island dressing for my side salad) & their pastrami on a roll (extra pickles, Creole mustard with raw onions). These 2 dishes are just GREAT! Not to mention their famous $1 dacaries. You should really give them a try next time you happen to find yourself in the neighborhood!Super casual but EXCELLENT food and service.  Our waitress was a TRIP!  PoBoys and Muffuletta's were VERY tasty!A very casual place. Quick and friendly service.
The muffuletta was VERY good and huge. The olive salad and the bun made it.
The jambalaya was OK, not a lot of meat, needed Tabasco.
The fries tasted like the freezer
It was quick and tasty. If that's what you want, go. If you want a muffuletta, definitely go.Not very good. The service is pretty bad. The food is very bland. Ordered chicken and sausage gumbo and red beans and rice. Not impressed. Don't waste your meal.Delicious muffuletta after a long day in the French quarter. This restaurant has plenty of seating and a variety of dishes on the menu. The ambiance does not amount to much but it's a great place for a meal with great service and food. Prices are absolutely reasonable.Hubby and I visited Cafe Maspero for brunch one Wednesday morning after checking out of our hotel. It was close by so we decided to give it a try. The service was good, but the food was meh. Nothing really exciting about our dishes (we both had the 2 eggs with bacon). We also got a short stack, which I was disappointed by. We probably won't be back here again since there are so many other places in the city.Stopped in for a quick breakfast while taking in the sites near Jackson Square.  The food was quick and hot and although it was a basic breakfast it was very good.  The server Trevor was awesome and gave some recommendations on where to go next.  I had a great experience and would definitely stop in again.It's unfortunate that as a visitor to the city, I chose to come here for my first dinner in town. My party was seated quickly, but our service was well below expectations for an only moderately filled diner. 
The other reviews are correct in that the meals look like prison food. I waited around 10 minutes for ranch and by the time it came, the waiter even asked if I still needed it at all, which was disrespectful given the awful service. It was as if the other waiters knew we were getting terrible service as well, as they avoided eye contact and didn't greet us on the way out, with no words or glances exchanged. We lacked napkins ALWAYS and never got asked for water refills for a table where everyone got water.
I was hoping that the 3-star average (or so it is at the tjme of this writing) for this place would turn out to be one of the better scenarios, but I was wrong. I would look for other lunch or dinner places instead of here, especially if you're new to the city or traveling like I am. 
- Southern California visitorDrinks and service were great for being as busy as it was the gumbo was eh... and the French onion soup well was just French onion soup. All in all it was still a pleasant experienceThe chicken jumbo and the French Onion soup were to die for! They use a lot of spices, but it's cajan so the more the better; when used in a proper way.Wasn't very busy when we went and we were seated right away. Waitress preempted any questions by stating the table is sticky due to the varnished wood interacting with the humidity. Smart on her part- probably received too many comments/questions on it in the past. We both ordered the roast beef po boys. Comes with fries and a cabbage salad. Hubby loved his meal. I was less enthused. The taste was there but everything was served just cool, not even lukewarm. Pet peeve of mine when paying is that I greatly dislike being served food that isn't hot. Firstly, it can't be enjoyed when not at the correct temperature and secondly, it screams of a lack of quality control in the kitchen. Definitely need a knife and fork to consume. Waitress was lovely.This was such an amazing find! I wish I remembered the name of our waitress because she was the best. Get the seafood platter, its huge and comes with a salad. Enough food to share for two and we had left overs. Also super cheap. They have strawberry daiquiris for $1 and the huge to go cup strawberry daiquiri was $3.So good, so cheap, always packed! If you're in New Orleans, you have to stop here!! I had the alligator sausage for the first time and it was delicious. 2 of us ate for around $25 with too!Melva (hope I spelled it correctly), was our server . She was a sweetheart and did a great job at making us feel like we were at home. Decent prices and delicious food. I highly recommend brunch to NOLA visitors !We stopped at this cafe and are wholly impressed. The coffee was amazing and the food was perfect and exactly what you'd expect from New Orleans, tasty and filling! The best part of our breakfast experience was our waiter Eric! He was funny and accommodating. Our orders were brought out on time, he was attentive and served us promptly! I highly recommended eating here if you're in the French Quarter and don't forget to order the beignets!This is a tourist trap.  Cheap prices Cheap Food.  Hot Sandwiches arrived cold with cold gravy.  So many places to eat in the French Quarter--Pick another.Breakfast was great. I had two eggs, hash brown and hash!  Delicious! Service was quick and clean. Atmosphere was nice. A bit pricy for eggs.Been here a few times too, it's pretty good. Usually busy, friendly staff, good food. Good for lunch or casual dinner.Ate here twice on a 4 day trip. Comfortable place, not too crowded at all. Had same waitress, Ashley, both visits and she remembered us and was very nice and helpful. French onion soup was to die for. Pastrami, roast beef, and oyster sandwiches were all great. Red beans and rice a tad bland but didn't keep me from ordering twice! I plan on visiting again on my next trip.Eurgh. Everything about this place is crap. The food is crap, the ingredients crap, the service average and the prices sky high for what you are actually eating...which let me tell you is crap. Avoid like the plague, don't waste your time or money.We went here for the convenient location.  The competition in the French Quarter is steep, and Cafe Maspero just didn't measure up.  I was on the fence between a 2 star and 3 star rating for this review.  
My mufaletta sandwich was actually very good.  It's the only one I've ever had, so I had nothing to compare it to, but I really enjoyed it.  The portion was large, and I could barely eat half of it.  
My dad and sister on the other hand, did not enjoy their jambalaya at all.  It was extremely dry and tasteless and consisted of 99% percent rice.  Almost as if it were the bottom of the pot left over from the day before. 
The service was okay at best.  She essentially brought us our food and that was the extent of our interactions.  The ambiance was neat, in an old building with a lot of exposed brick.  Unfortunately however, we were seated by the street.  We were looking forward to the large opening until we realized it reeked of horse urine directly next to our table.  Not necessarily Cafe Maspero's fault, but still unenjoyable none the less.  
I imagine Cafe Maspero banks on unsuspecting tourists like we were.  I can't forsee too many natives dining here for authentic Cajun and Creole food and returning.  With all of the other options close by, this wouldn't be near the top of my list.My husband and I stopped in here for a quick bite to eat between our flight and boarding a cruise ship. We had been trudging through the Quarter trying to see as much as possible in the 3 hours we had, and had worked up quite an appetite. We were seated right away at a large table in an area that we could comfortably tuck our luggage into(VERY much appreciated). Loved the overall atmosphere and the location was perfect. Both the hostess and the server were very nice and readily gave us spot on recommendations.
I had a Bloody Mary to start. I want so badly to like Bloody Mary's, but majority of the time I don't. Thankfully this one was a whole different story, so I had 2. Would definitely recommend.
Jambalaya to start, great portion size for an appetizer and good flavor.
My husband warily ordered the Muffuletta. Most of the meats on it he rarely eats, and generally he loathes green olives, but after his first bite he couldn't say enough good about it. According to him all of the flavors melded perfectly.
I had the Veggie muffuletta, but wasn't as wowed. That sandwich is definitely not ment to be vegetarian. It had great flavor but there was just so much of the olive salad on it and the oil from it wasn't drained off enough prior to it hitting the bun so it was very much a soggy mess. 
Overall we were happy with our choice of restaurant...but I regret not leaving enough time to find a beignet afterwards!Good place for a quick bite.  Nothing fancy, and reasonably priced.  Not the place place in the Quarter to get Cajun food. but certainly a good spot for good value and good food.Located right at the heart of the French Quarter serving New Orleans cuisine. The foods are very reasonably priced, and service is good. The taste isn't all that special, but for the price, passable.This place rates better than three stars for just the food. The atmosphere is old and sometimes that lends to dirty. But, New Orleans is old and it's part of its charm. Red beans and rice, muffuletta were spot on. So, try it!We Stopped in for dinner. Kind of a dive, which can mean good food. Dinner was okay, both had sandwiches and fries. Priced good. Nice waitress,. Don't know that I would seek this out again, but it was just fine for what we needed, a quick place.This wasn't our favorite of the places we went, but the French onion soup was awesome and the waitress was very helpful with recommendations.Cafe Maspero easily had the worst food I've had since moving to LA. The rice in the jambalaya was very undercooked, the fried oysters on the po boy were definitely off (which is inexcusable for NOLA), and the calamari was very bland without the sauce. The only things keeping it from a 1 star review were the price, the $3 (but weak) daiquiri, and the good service.The food was tasty and inexpensive, and the server was friendly. I also Love their $1 strawberry daiquiris! Great pit stop while exploring the French Quarter.Cafe Maspero is the only place I eat when I'm in the French Quarter. Stopped by this weekend with friends and as usual was not dissapointed. Since tasting a muffalata at Maspero I have never gone back to Central Grocery, way too much bread to meat ratio. Everything I have ever had at Maspero  was awesome, the French onion soup, the Jambalaya, the muffalata's and have always wanted to try one of their Seafood platters!   My partners both split a corned beef sandwich and both left stuffed and they also said that the swiss cheese on their salad was excellent. When I go out to eat I insist on getting my money's worth and Maspero's overstuffed sandwiches always deliver!  While this place may be a hole in the wall and an occasional pidgeon may wander inside and they dont take plastic the food at this restaurant is always good and prices very reasonable!    Two thumbs up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We came with a party of 8 and waited about 15 minutes for water from a waitress that wasn't even ours. Food took 30 min to get and the place was empty. Overall slow and not worth the total wait time.My sister and I stopped in this place for a quick bite before nap time on our way back to the hotel. From the moment we walked in everyone was super friendly and looked like they were happy to be there: great staff! I think it was Suzanne that served us, and she was amazing. She was quick to take care of us and super sweet. The prices were great and the fried shrimp were top notch with a big portion size, we will definitely come back!The food was ok.  The server was nice.  The "hostess", not so much.  She was ok, I guess, towards us, but we were seated near the entrance and heard her being completely rude over and over again to potential patrons. Some of which LEFT before they could be seated.  I guess the place can afford to run business off when they are lined up outside waiting to get in.  We went to The Chartres House Cafe' the next night and it blew this place away!Stopped in for dinner while in New Orleans. I ordered the red beans and rice and my mom got the grilled chicken po boy. Red beans and rice was delicious. The smoked sausage had a bit more of a kick than I cared for but I'm not a big spicy food eater. Most would probably find it just fine. And the rest of the dish was plenty for me. Service was good. Worth a stop.Maspero's was one of the only long time places in the French Quarter that I had not been to and I was really expecting much more.  The building is very historical and lovely.  The seating is very tight and it is very loud, but that's New Orleans, right?  So all that was okay.  
I am shocked that so many people liked the roast beef poboy.  I thought it was horrible.  It was day-old meat with gloppy brown gravy on it with little in the way of lettuce and tomato.  I am sorry to have to say this, but that was my experience.  My husband did not really like his chicken jambalaya, either...he says it was dry.  We did like the green tomato with shrimp remoulade appetizer...that was delicious.  The service was okay, not great, but the server was very nice.  
Bottom line is that there are better places to eat nearby...sorry!Walked in here to have dinner with my husband. Sat down and saw a mouse run past my feet. We had not even ordered yet. We got up to leave and the manager asked why we were leaving. We said that we had saw a mouse and he did not seem surprised. He stated that is normal due to them being located so close to the lake.This restaurant caught my attention while walking in french quarter because of the line of people they had.  Line was long, but moved quickly.  Food was pretty good.  I had the muffaletta and my wife had the jambalaya.  Both were better than expected and the portions were generous.  No refills on the sodas and no plastic accepted :(  Service was average given the volume they have to deal with.An acquaintance of mine who grew up in New Orleans suggested that I check this place out. Trusting the local is always the way to go, in my opinion, so off to Cafe Maspero my cousin and I went.
The building is pretty cool -- old and just as I thought a New Orleans cafe should be.  The place provides an ample opportunity to people watch as it was packed with tourists (a bachelorette party in one table, a couple eating together with the woman looking at everything but her husband at another, a family with three generations in yet another, etc.). 
The waitress came to help us within a few minutes of us being seated. While she was not terrible, she was not memorable either.  I ordered the oyster plate and my cousin ordered the muffuletta. He said that it was a good sandwich (this was his first go at the muffuletta and he retracted this statement after he had the one from Central Grocery). As for my oyster plate, it was a generous portion.  I believe I only finished a quarter of it.  The oysters were good but not better than any other oysters I have had in Louisiana. I do wish that they gave a bit more of the tartar sauce, though. The fries were so-so.
Perhaps I didn't order the right thing? Perhaps they were having a bit of an off day? I simply did not see what the hype was. I do think it's impressive that their dishes are reasonably priced, though.Below a average food for anywhere, much less a great food city like NOLA. My wife and I had a late lunch here after a nice day of shopping and gallery browsing in the Quarter. The place was busy and the service was super slow. It took almost twenty minutes to have our order taken and then forty minutes to have the food delivered to our table. My wife's shrimp po boy was cold and light on shrimp while my red beans and rice was right out of the can, with a slice of over cooked sausage. The servers weren't rude, just slow and not friendly. We would never recommend this establishment to anyone looking for a good meal experience in the city. Stay away.Just letting y'all know up front, this place is super touristy and on special event weekends, you're going to wait in line for a while. BUT there's a reason for all of that and it's not just the $1 strawberry daiquiris. When you walk in and taste the food, you'll get it. I don't know how my dad found out about this place, but I give him all the credit in the world for getting me hooked. 
Where to begin on the awesomeness? The red beans and rice - SLAMMIN. The plain ass salad that would be abysmal anywhere else gets kicked up with freshly shaved Parmesan making you want to scarf it down when combined with their homemade ranch. The French onion soup is mouth burningly perfect with the just thick enough onion broth, chunk of floating French bread, and broiled Swiss cheese on top that you want to chip off with any utensil you can get your hand on so you don't miss any of the morsels glued to the bowl. The calamari, although fried, is one of the best I've had. No bits and pieces here, y'all. Rings and bodies with tentacles all the way. The seafood platter is enough food to fill up 3 hungry drunks after Red Dress Run - which, for those who haven't personally experienced RDR, is 3 VERY HUNGRY people. Oysters, shrimp, fish, calamari AND the stellar side salad I mentioned earlier, all for $15. 
Basically any seafood choice you make at Maspero's is a good decision, whether it be platter or poboy, shrimp or oyster. The only complaint that I have EVER heard from anyone I've ever referred to this place is that the roast beef poboy was made with deli sliced roast beef dipped in gravy, and tasted as such. If that's the worst thing you can say about this place, I'd say they're doing pretty damn good.
To conclude my gushing, I will simply say, when I refer people visiting New Orleans to cheap restaurants in the French Quarter, this is my go to EVERY SINGLE TIME. It's nothing fancy and the servers are quirky to say the least, but it's a perfect slice of a casual New Orleans restaurant. Go here! And bring cash - they don't accept credit cards.Meh. There were lines continually out the door for this place, but I can't fathom why. The place is crowded and the waitstaff makes you feel rushed (rightly so, I suppose, to fit everyone in). Naturally, I was expecting great food, but that didn't come to pass. I got the oyster poboy, and despite oysters being in season, it still didn't taste quite right. The poboy construction is also a bit off, and I suggest you can definitely find better elsewhere.Let's start here:  cash only (but there is an ATM inside).
This is the place to go for cheap cajun food in the FQ.  Please note:  It is not fancy.  The waittresses look like they just rolled out of bed (in fact, think greasy tshirts).  The tables and chairs have been knocked around a fair bit.  The bathroom is scary.
HOWEVER.
The food is great!  And isn't NOLA about the food anyway?  I lthought my jambalaya was perfection and wished I had more of a stomach that day to try their muffaletta.  Their french fries, calamari, and pickles were also good.  The $1 daiquris are quite tasty and can be taken to go.
All in all, I loved this place!  The only thing missing in my book?  Hushpuppies.  :)This is absolutely the best place in New Orleans to bring your friends who want to get a taste of New Orleans. I have been coming here with my family since I was born. The muffalotta is the best! Remember to get your $1 daiquiris and wine!One of our first dinners in New Orleans was at Cafe Maspero.  We were greatly impressed with its location near the riverfront and the prices on the menu compared to other similar restaurants.  The atmosphere was very casual and we felt we could just relax our tired bodies there after a long day of walking around the French Quarter.  
We were seated and served right away.  I ordered the muffuletta and my friend ordered the corned beef sandwich.  Both were GI-NORMOUS.  We each saved half and had them the next night before hitting Bourbon St.  The sandwiches were delicious and the service was good, too.  (Our server was Australian, I believe.)  
We decided to return a second night later in the week with our partners who had recently joined us on the visit.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as great as an experience.  We were seated near the kitchen door and manager's/servers' table where they sat, talked, and worked on paperwork.  The $1 glass of house wine was a nice surprise for my partner, but the Shrimp Po Boy he ordered wasn't up to expectations.  It came on a big seeded hamburger roll, not on a long French bread, and the shrimp kept falling out.  It felt...wrong.  
So, I'm basing most of my rating on my first experience, as that's what I want to think of as the usual experience one has at the restaurant.  Lesson learned: go there once, not twice, and keep your good memories.  
And, yes, like most restaurants in New Orleans: cash only.Oh boy, the portions here are very 'midwestern' but the quality of the food isn't great.  I had the Muffaletta, WAY too much food and the meats were subpar.  Red beans and rice were just OK as well.  The cold Michelob was tasty :-)