The food here was good, but nowhere near competes with other restaurants in the French Quarter. We wandered in because we couldn't find anywhere else. 
It's unclear how you're supposed to find a table, but customers are just supposed to grab a table. There's a sort-of line that forms by the bar, but no one working there organizes it at all.
We sat down quickly, but I think it was just lucky timing because for the rest of our meal people were waiting to sit. Also, there's only one bathroom and it took FOREVER to use it. They seriously need to have more than just one bathroom.
I ordered the crab cakes florentine, which were really good. The potatoes needed more spice (aka hot sauce) but the meal was really flavorful. The chef cooked the eggs perfectly, but there was nothing to scoop up the runny egg with since there was no bread. My friend ordered the french toast and it was not impressive. Just a few slices of bread with cinnamon and some egg on top. Not filling or visually stunning. 
Our waitress was not particularly nice and seemed angry with us when we didn't want to order drinks. Many people did seem to have their food and then get a drink to-go as they walked around Jackson Square. 
I'd say you should go here if you're really hungry and can't find anywhere else. But otherwise, skip it and do the research for a better place.Spending the day in Nawlin's ... got hungry and stopped in for a bite.  The wait was extremey long (45 minutes, but everyplace else was also packed), and they passed menus down the waiting line so that you could order the moment you were seated.
Prices were very steep, staff were rude, bathrooms were horrible (tiny single stall), and they rushed us out the moment our last forkfull was on the way to our mouths.  Total times:  45 minute wait, 15 minutes from order to service, 17 minutes until we were clear of the table!
Not a place for good eats, or good service.Tourist trap.  Bland & boring food with inattentive waiters.  The fried alligator was pretty decent...but that was it.  Cocktails were expensive and not well-made (or even very strong).  Sauces were bland.
I save 1-star reviews for establishments where rats are dancing on the tables and the waiter spills a drink on you and then cusses you out for being in the way of their projectile liquid...so I'm not going to give this place a 1-star review, because it wasn't *that* bad...but it was pretty close.The location is ideal, being right next to Jackson Square. There are lots of tables so being seated happened right away for even our party of 6. The service was good. All of our entrees were fine, just average. No one complained but no one was raving either. My cajun pasta was tasty with a kick but not amazing. However, the blackened alligator appetizer was really fantastic and tasted so good, I considered giving a 4 star for that dish. I definitely recommend the alligator.A po-boy is simple. French bread, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, the stuffings and hot sauce. 
Don't expect anything more extravagant than that!
Even though you may be turned off from the combination of ingredients, you have to try it all together. It fits like puzzle pieces!
The crawfish po-boy here was beautiful. I loved it! It was simple, balanced and best of all, brimming with lightly fried crawfish.
I also recommend the alligator steak pieces. Actually, I'm not really sure what they were called, but it's Alligator something and it was AMAZING. I will probably pine away before I can get my hands on those succulent bites again, since it's not often you find them in MD or VA.
Anyways, I digress.
Good stuff.The bbq shrimp were great, flavorful, spicy and succulent.  Fabulous garlicky bread came with it.  A salad, a glass of libation and a great evening.Busy, noisy, risk being lost in the crowd but if you get your order you will love it. Of course this is New Orleans cuisine so get the po'boy, crawdad and andouille sausage were great choices. The place is historic and worth seeing since it is in Jackson square and chances are you will be in Jackson square anyway. Read about the history so you can appreciate the place before you arrive.Avoid! Great location with dynamic view of Jackson Square, but it has nothing else going for it. Lackluster food and service; no locals would ever eat here, for it is known as just a tourist rip-off. Pay attention to your bill, as they sneak in an obligatory 15% "service" charge.Service is terrible, food is ok, location is great (which is why the average yelp review is currently hanging to a mediocre 3 stars). 
I've been here many times. It's always about the same. Very convenient, as it's located in Jackson Square. The open window seating is great. 
The food is ok, not great, but edible.
The service is where the place needs serious help. One example: I sat at a table (this is a seat yourself type of place), and the table wasn't yet cleaned. The bus boy (old man) was rude about the situation and yelled "you need to get up and move so I can clean the water on the floor!"  Umm, ok? Maybe you should have a better system for cleaning tables? Or realize that the whole city is a little dirty and a little water on the floor would have gone unnoticed? 
Overall, management is the problem. No standard protocol, and not much training for their workers.It was an overall pretty average dining experience. The wait staff was friendly but nothing special but we got served very quickly. The location was nice.
I had the Cajun Combination (cup of gumbo, small-and I do mean SMALL serving of jambalaya, and red beans and rice.)
The gumbo was pretty good. I was happy with it overall. The jambalaya was pretty awful. You're better off making a box of Zatarans.  The red beans and rice were okay. I wasn't unhappy with them but I wouldn't go out of my way.
I wouldn't highly recommend but I also wouldn't turn away. I could eat here again.We went here for dinner tonight, before we went out to Bourbon street and the atmosphere was so fun! Cafe Pontalba is a little breezy restaurant overlooking Jackson square in the French Quarter. The food is amazing, and the staff is so sweet! I had to get the cajun combination with gumbo, red beans and rice, and jambalya! My three all time favorite foods EVER... and of course they were to die for :] We also had fried gator for an appetizer, and I hate to admit it, but is was so dang good! The perfect way to start your night!Not that great. We went for breakfast. The drinks were fantastic but the food....not so much. Everything we have had in new Orleans has been fantastic up until this place. Don't go here.  There are so many othet better places.Really enjoyed the blacked shrimp and fried oysters.  Great service, even in the middle of rush hour.Food was awful!!!!! Tarter sauce tasted old, gumbo tasted like air freshener, and even the salad was horrible, payed way too much for food that was uneatable, very bad experienceFive stars is not for the food because I did not eat there. Five stars for the open sitting area at night. Romantic setting! I'm gonna try the food next time Im there. Yeah I kind of look for certain environments when going out to eat in restaurants. I do hope the food is good as the atmosphere that I experienced.This is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans. I make it a point to get the combination plate with gumbo and Red Beans and rice. They are as good as you will find anywhere in NOLA. The atmosphere is great. We the doors open you can hear the sounds of Jackson Square. I highly recommend this to everyone.This was the worst dining experience of our entire trip to New Orleans.  The place is in a great location and looks fine from the outside, but the food quality is just NOT good.  Maybe it's because we had such great meals everywhere else while we were in Nola, but every single part of our meal was a disappointment.  The service was ok... a bit slow, and not terribly friendly.  I had a PoBoy which was just... lousy, and my wife doesn't even remember what she has (not because we had been drinking; he hadn't.  Just because it was terribly forgettable.)  
There are many other FAR-BETTER places to eat while you're in Nola, so please take your money there instead.  If you are considering Cafe Pontabla, INSTEAD, go down the street to 1109 Decatur and eat at Coop's Place, which is a much better restaurant with great food and great atmosphere!Dirty and gross. Stay clear. This was a friends choice for Sunday brunch. We got the last table for 4 tucked behind the ATM. The drinks were served in small plastic cups. I ordered the Cajun combo. The gumbo was ok, but way too much white rice and served with an empty crab claw. The jambalaya was awful rice with bland tomato
Sauce and no added meat etc. the only thing I liked was the crawfish pie as it had good creamy flavor with extra topping smothered on top.Average food, great location, small portion sizes and slightly higher prices. Move on peeps.You can't go wrong here. Great food and a good view of the street performers in Jackson Square. Try the gator, fried or blackened. In fact, do half and half; you can thank me later.Solid French bistro style brunch. Very tasty food. Great location, quick service, but limited menu. The crawdad omelet and French toast were excellent. No waiting for a table, unlike Stanley's across the square.  Nice open air seating with all doors to the street open, french cafe style, with views of the oldest Catholic church in the US.  We would eat here again.  Fast and tasty.  Bottomless coffee. Eat here and get on with sightseeing.My friends and I stumbled upon this place for brunch on our first day in New Orleans and all agreed it was pretty "meh." The best thing about this cafe is that it is located right by Jackson Square, but everything else was very average. The breakfast wasn't particularly tasty (we ordered jambalaya and crawfish omelettes with grits) and the portions were just okay for the price. But after a week in NOLA, we realized there are definitely tastier brunch options for your money all over the French Quarter!Currently here. Took 15 minutes to get a cup of water. Our waitress is extremely rude and threw our drinks down. My experience is already ruined before my food came simply because of the lack of service. If you're hungry go somewhere else.Bartender Eric was kind and helpful in a very timely manner- he immediately greeted us and was happy to help. Very relaxed environment and strong drinks- what more can you ask for? Looking forward to stopping by againI really love Cafe Pontalba.
Located at the corner of Chartres and St Peter Streets, overlooking Jackson Square, St. Louis Cathedral, and the Cabrildo Museum - Cafe Pontalba is a wonderful spot to take in all the action.
Cafe Pontalba is classic New Orleans. Floor to ceiling French doors with a large ornate marble and wood bar, with dark wooden floors. It also has extremely clean & well maintained bathrooms, which isn't always the norm in town.
Wait for a table overlooking the square. You won't be disappointed. These tables sit in the French doors, which are open rain or shine.
We love to show up there after the Noon rush to have cocktails, eat appetizers, and watch the show. Tourists, musicians, the homeless, wedding parties, physics, jugglers, a guy painted silver acting like a robot, and artists.
The cuisine is also classic New Orleans, but aimed at us tourists. The wait staff is very friendly and don't mind if you dawdle.
You have to put Cafe Pontalba on the "must do" list, when you visit the French Quarter.The best part about this place was that the waiter was very attentive to our needs. 
On the other hand it was very breezy because all the windows were open, which is okay, but the fans were on also, so I was freezing. 
I wanted to order a salad, but all they had was Cesar... so if your going to eat a Cesar salad you might as well go all out because Cesar salads aren't what you call healthy... 
So I end up splitting some red beans and rice with sausage plate with my friend... and It was like a heartache on a plate. Very good but oh so bad.... 
On a positive note my drink was strong (kettle one, splash of cranberry with a twist of lime) 
and they had the LSU vs Gators game on so I was pretty content. 
Although I probably wouldn't go back again.Breakfast- good view, good service, food was just ok. Listening to the street musicians was a major perk of this place.We had tried to get in a couple other places at 9:00 on a Saturday night.  This place had no wait, so I guess we should have known better.
The plus sides:  The view of the square is great.  We were seated right by an open window looking out over Jackson square.  We started with the blackened alligator, which was really tasty.  
The bad:  The rest of the food was pretty horrible.  The rice was all over cooked, so everything had this mushy texture.  We ordered the gumbo, jambalaya, and crawfish etoufee.  In addition to being mushy, it was all pretty tasteless.  My boyfriend put it best when he said it was like the cafeteria at an old folks home decided to do cajun night.
Our server was just fine, so we definitely didn't run into the service issues that some other people did.  But if you like food, don't bother.Loved it!! Service was great! Loved that the oysters were coated in corn flour instead of wheat flour... I'm allergic to wheat flour. Oysters were fried to perfection! My friend had the oyster po'boy & I had the fried shrimp & oysters. The meal was great! Atmosphere amazing!I was torn about whether to give this place one or two stars. Our dining experience was terrible terrible terrible, but you can't beat the location or the open air set up. It really is quite lovely to sit, quietly watching   Jackson Square by that ever-present flickering lamp light. And the interior of the restaurant is lush and lovely and oozes history. It would have been much nicer, of course, to enjoy these things while consuming, say, drinks, or food. After a certain point, I might even have settled for the smallest acknowledgment from any employee.
Sadly, that was not in the cards for us. I'll spare you the details but the gist is that we sat, totally ignored by all the staff, for far longer than is acceptable. Once we were noticed, we waited far too long for drinks and food. The service was terrible terrible terrible. 
The food (we both had red beans, rice, and sausage) was fine, though there was something slightly funky about the parsley garnish. Nothing outstanding, but I wasn't expecting outstanding. Given the size, location, and menu, I was betting on some adequate, tourist grade food, which is exactly what we got. 
So, ultimately two stars for the location, ambiance, and the fact that the food is not terrible. But there is not a chance in hell that I would go back. You can find something better.Total tourist trap.  I had an oyster po-boy which was just - not very good. - I've had much better in other places.  My sister had the red beans and rice, which she was not too keen on.  They did make a good hefty hamburger which my niece gulped down, so I'm giving them up to 2 stars for that.  The food did come out quickly which was nice.  In general it seems that the place has survived based on its proximity to the Cathedral, thus attracting tourists, but the food just isn't that authentic.This cafe has location going for it, but to the food, I say "meh". Tasted more pre-packaged than fresh. The shrimp po'boy, crawfish pie, gumbo and jambalaya were all disappointing. Very noisy. With all the great places to eat in the city, skip this one.Crab cakes with poached eggs are so yummy!we got right in the view was beautiful looking at the st.louis cathedral and Jackson square ,everything was served in a timely mannerThe alligator appetizer is delicious! Order it half fried and half grilled. It's so good, you don't even need the dipping sauce....but, the sauce is also good.
The Voodoo Juice drink is one my favorite mixed drink in New Orleans.
I like the location, which is right on Jackson Square by the Cathedral. Plus, the people watching is pretty interesting.
We've enjoyed all the classics-gumbo, jambalaya, red beans & rice with sausage. 
We will definitely be back!Claims to have the best bloody mary in the city. Don't believe it.
It just mix, vodka and a few pickled green beans and a lemon.
pathetic.I am still tasting the gumbo, fried and blackened alligator + jambalaya. And I ordered a soft shell crab po-boy to go for the plane ride home. amazing.  and the view of the St. Louis Cathedral and Jackson Square is wonderful, too.Breakfast was great, we even went two times on our vacation. As for the service, it was horrible. The first day I asked a waiter where we go to be seated, he gave me nothing but attitude and asked us what does it look like? And then pointed us to a table that was just cleaned. I asked nicely there was no need for the attitude. The second time we knew what to do, but our waitress had absolutely no personality, it really seemed like she just didn't care. I asked for water when we first ordered our drinks and I didn't get it until we paid. Every time she walked by I reminded her, but still had to wait. That meal we found a hair in our potatoes as well. It was pretty nasty but they were kind enough to take that item off the bill. And the last thing we all really disliked about this place was that they automatically put an 18% gratuity on your check. That service should not be tipped that much. Especially since it was so slow and it wasn't that packed while we were waiting for our food. If you don't really care about the quality of service then go here the food is excellent. Just check it before you start eating it.After walking around last night we decided to stop in and have a late meal. 
First thing that stood out was the friendly and attentive service. I wish I could remember the young lady's name but she was great. 
The beer was ice cold which hit the spot on the a hot night in New Orleans. 
Gumbo and shrimp poboy were very good. 
Not really a fan of the deserts but other than that will definitely be back.Bar far some of the worst food I've ever had.  I ordered the jambalaya, I've heard that it is a traditional New Orleans dish, and I was clear that it was not fresh and had been sitting out.  The rice was mushy and cold.  For the price it was not worth it at all.  I will go somewhere else for dinner to make up for the experience.Everything about the food at this place was mediocre.  We ordered the red beans and rice and cajun sampler, which included jambalaya, crawfish pie, and gumbo.  We also ordered fried calamari in case my daughter didn't like her red beans and rice.  First the gumbo came out.  It was decent gumbo, nothing special.  I ate it all and it was mildly spicy, but was not nearly the best gumbo I've ever had and this was my first time in Louisiana.  Then came the red beans and rice.  Once again it was okay.  The sausage was dried and it was smoked sausage not andouille. The flavor was rather bland.  Again not terrible just nothing special.  Blues City Deli back home in St. Louis is decidedly better.  The jambalaya was dry and lacking in flavor as well.  The Zataranes I make on my stove is better.  The crawfish pie was actually the best item by far.  Golden flakey pie stuffed with crawfish and the crawfish in a cream sauce poured over the top.  Nothing we had was insulting but I'm sure there is far better cajun food in the French Quarter. On a positive note the view on Jackson square was excellent.if only I could give 0 stars. service was terrible. food was terrible and cold. eggs benedict was not near what a benedict should be, bland and the eggs were hard. the only thing good about this place is the location.Loved the atmosphere. Sitting with all the doors opens listening to the activities in Jackson Square. Be prepared to not have a decent conversation, because it's so loud you can't hear yourself think. The food is good, would go again, but nothing that I would go out of my way for. Prices are decent for the Quarter.Loved the location right at Jackson Square. Quick service and we were out of here in 45 minutes. Shrimp Etoufee, Cajun combo, and Creole combo were all delicious. Jambalaya was the favorite of the table! Drinks were also fair priced and the cocktails were delicious! The only con was we couldn't split the check between two couples, but enjoyed it for a quick meal as we explored the city.If I could give it a zero star I would. Wish I could also tell you how the food was. But after sitting at TWO tables and getting no service for 20 minutes, we had to leave. Shitty people. Shitty service.I love the location of Cafe Pontalba next to Jackson Square. I really came here for a Cajun Bloody Mary and it was well worth it! The menu looks great as some breakfasts that I noticed while walking to the beautiful bar. Next time I'll eat instead of drinking my breakfast in The Big Easy!Came here once during our honeymoon. Not sure where the negative  reviews are coming from but I had of the samplers and loved every bite. Would definitely come here again if we we're staying longer.Skip it and walk down a few blocks for better food and service! ...
Went with a few family members as we visited, each had the FLAVORLESS Shrimp Po'Boy.
They used stale, hard bread, and the shrimp were rubber.
We asked for some mayo and seasoning to flavor it, but all we got were dollar store style mayo packets and small packets of pepper .... very unprofessional for the price charged.
Don't see myself returning.A wonderful location, right on Jackson's Square, but the food.... bland, underseasoned, and the grits were more like soup. The shrimp omelet was lacking on sauce, but not on shrimp. The decor is cute and can get away with looking old by claiming history. The waitress was friendly enough for the morning, and it gave easy access to the rest of the places we wanted to go.My favorite place in NOLA. The sweet tea is awesome. The Jambalaya is great. The Crawfish is amazing. A must go if you're ever in Naw' leans.Service and food under par. They capitalize on their location and forget about the quality of the food and service. Do not order jambalaya, dry and  tastes like nothing.Wouldn't eat here again. Small portions for the price. Food had zero flavor and the service was nonexistent. We never had our waters refilled nor did our waiter even check on us. I doubt the voodoo juice had any alcohol in it and the jambalaya was dry and was a small serving for $16. Disappointed that we had lunch here.The standout here was the crawfish pie. The creole was good, the pasta was solid and well prepared, the drinks were good. I would go back again and again for a crawfish pie.The food was mediocre at best.  I was with a party of 6 and one of my friends wasn't even served until after we had all eaten and then the food was much too salty to eat.  It seemed one waitress was handling the majority of the over crowded restaurant.
Bathroom was very nasty!  Poor experience here.  Too many restaurants in New Orleans to have to stop here again.Our waitress was very knowledgeable about Gluten Free menu items (I have Celiac Disease, so GF is not an option for me), and the blackened shrimp I ordered were really great.  This restaurant is right next to Jackson Square, so it is a bit of a tourist trap, but so is most of the Quarter!there was a long wait, but it was dinnertime and there was a party of 12. what else would you expect from a middle-sized establishment?
pontalba is a milestone restaurant for me because it was crowned as the first place i ever got to try alligator. and blackened, at that. it was AMAZING. and seriously, it really does taste like chicken.
for my main course, i had the ragin' cajun pasta. for a first dinner in new orleans, this hit all the right spots. gulf shrimp, andouille sausage, and crawfish tails simmered in a spicy cream sauce and served atop a bed of fettucine. if that doesn't win you over, check out my picture of it. the pasta also had a little cup of parmesan with it, but i found that i didn't need it. the meat and seafood was generous and the cajun heat was exactly what i was looking for. all food came with garlic bread, and it was honestly some of the best garlic bread i've had: thick chunks of french bread, buttered up real good, with garlic and chives sprinkled on top. MMM!
i've also included a picture of the seafood platter, which a friend of mine got and just couldn't even put a dent into it because there was so much goodness. for $19.95, you get fish, shrimp, oysters, and a crabcake. all fried. with fries.
our waiter mickey was incredibly helpful, and the chef even came out to answer questions, but the removal of a star is due to the teeny and really kind of gross bathroom. there is one stall in a TINY room, with toilet paper all over the floor, garbage overflowing from the bin, and the sink had wads of paper towel in it. really?? this was especially shocking because the restaurant itself is pretty nice. i suppose you can't win 'em all.
so basically..enjoy the food but opt for a different lavatory.Pros: 
Location
Waitress is friendly
Open windows face to the crowded street
Cons: 
Worst Coca-Cola I had 
Shrimps are not fresh
Sands in gumboI'm always a little wary of restaurants located right in the French Quarter. Because it's SO touristy, restaurants don't always have to work very hard to produce truly quality food because most people don't know much better. Tourists are easy to please, I guess. 
Located right off Jackson Square, Cafe Pontalba is convenient to lots of sight-seeing spots, which might be the only perk it really has. My friend and I were wandering around, looking for an affordable dinner. (Quite a difficult feat in this part of town, ugh.) Cafe Pontalba's prices were reasonable, so we stopped in for dinner. In hindsight, I should have just fronted more money for a better meal but you can't always win.
I got the Crawfish Étouffée, thinking I couldn't leave NOLA without eating some étouffée! It was suuuuch a bummer. It was one of the blandest, most spice-less meals I've ever eaten. I was STARVING so I ate it, but I did not particularly enjoy it. My friend got a crawfish po-boy and we both agreed it was also very so-so.
This place has no official closing time. We stopped in at around 7:30 on a Tuesday night and it was almost empty. There were two other tables seated and a couple of people at the bar, though most of them seemed to be the restaurant's employees who must have already finished their shift. The bar had TVs with games on, so I guess it might be a nice place to catch a game, but I wouldn't choose it. Like I said though, it wasn't particularly late but you would have thought we stumbled in at midnight judging by how exhausted our waitress seemed. I waited tables for six years and I know how exhausting and tireless it is, so I do always try to be sympathetic, but she just wasn't particularly friendly or helpful. Our food came out really quickly, which was nice, but our waitress was not super attentive to our table. 
It's not that this place is bad, but there is nothing impressive about it. In a city with such incredible food options as New Orleans, there really isn't any excuse to eat just so-so food. If you want good cajun or creole food and a quality dining experience, I highly suggest you look elsewhere.This wasn't our best experience. Waitress was much more interested in talking to staff than helping us. Got a chicken sandwich and partner got seafood platter. Fries tasted like they were made hours before served. It was 8 pm on a Wednesday night. Not thrilled. Chicken was ok and platter was ok besides cold stale fries. Wouldn't probably go back.Ended up walking into this place New Years since everywhere else had long lines. I had to admit at first site I was worried about the food. We were so hungry that we decided to just take the risk. I am so glad we did as we loved it so much we came back twice during our stay.
Their Jambalaya was wonderful and portion was just right. It had the perfect amount of spice. My boyfriend ordered the crawfish combo and he loved it. The next day we ordered their crawfish po boy and that was great as well. The only negative was their bread pudding it could have been much better.
Service was wonderful both times and that is saying a lot since for some reason New Orleans is not the place to find southern hospitality. 
I would definitely come back here if I am ever back in NOLA.Food was awful, there were bits of shell left on my shrimp in the etoufee and the shrimp was undercooked. The bar b que shrimp my partner got was not deveined, the entrails we're still there. The staff couldn't recommend anything (now I know why), and the service was slow. We waited 40 minutes for our check, and then got charged for a dish we didn't order. Avoid this place at all costs. Worst experience of or NOLA trip.Great place on Jackson Square!! Excellent atmosphere and people watching in The Quarter. The service is good but its The Big Easy, so don't go if you expect 5 star. Friendly, and prompt, which is all we needed. I was hung over so I have Red Beans and Rice and some bloody marys. Food was delish and I left w a buzz. Prices are good for location and good food! Will be back!Great place to sip an Abita and people-watch Jackson Square.My mother in law needed to use the restroom in Jackson Square. The sign said that restrooms were for patrons only. So I decide, "I'll kill two birds with one stone. My wife and I will get a beer each, and my mother-in-law can use the restroom."
The functional end result was $8 spent for a dirty pay toilet, two Abita beers, and the absolute worst attitude I have ever seen from a restaurant service employee ever.
The beer choices were Bud Light, Miller Lite, or Abita (which is Cajun for donkey urine, I think). I went with the donkey urine, with it being the best of the options available.
My mother-in-law comes out of the restroom and tells the bartender that the restroom was disgusting and the toilet would not flush, she wanted to make sure that someone knew. His response was to the effect of "I don't use the women's restroom, and I don't fix them." Then he continued to berate my mother-in-law in the open restaurant regarding how dare anyone talk to him like that. I was within ear shot of the entire conversation, and there was nothing wrong with what she said.
Then Frank, the bartender, continued conversing with a blonde waitress at the bar regarding how they hate when customers tell them something about the restrooms being filthy.
No patron of a restaurant deserves to be treated like she was. Standard customer service response is simple. "I'm sorry to hear that. We will have someone check it out as soon as possible. Thank you for bringing it to our attention." Not some tirade over how you don't use the ladies room, that you don't fix restrooms in general, that you won't tolerate being treated that way, and how you are entitled to treat patrons like that if you feel offended that they pointed out that the restroom was broken and unsanitary.
I invited my mother in law and wife to leave the restaurant and tried to no avail to talk Frank out of his self-righteous tree. You simply don't treat customers like that, no matter how much you do not like them.
My suggestion? This is the worst pay toilet in New Orleans. Other reviews speak to the quality of the food. You be the judge whether you can or can't find 100 better places to eat, drink, or go to the restroom in a 0.2 mile radius.Good service on Mardi Gras! Atmosphere is busy as you would expect. We ordered Alligator blackened, stuffed mushrooms and Red Beans and Rice. Food was average. We live in Louisiana and have had far better.So disappointed in this cafe. For starters our server Kate had the personality of a slug. No smile, no kind words, she only spoke when it was absolutely necessary. The server brought 2 plates with ice cold fries. The french bread requested for the red beans and rice was bought out with globs of ice cold margarine. Overall food and service was absolutely sub- standard. Most definitely will not return.This place was just average mainly based on our server who was rude.
Greeted with if you want breakfast you don't have time to look at the menu as I need to enter it now. Felt rushed and after 2 times of saying I needed to look, I just responded I'll order from the lunch because I just don't know. I had never been there.
Husband ordered a spicy sausage poboy which he said was good. There was an extra charge to add cheese and this was not communicated up front. I guess because we were so rushed.
I ordered the Cajun pasta which had good flavor but you could tell seemed mass produced. So much sauce just poured over some noodles.
This places get business because of location to Jackson Square but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.This place was amazing! I got the crab Benedict and it was so delicious. Not only was an authentic nola meal but it truly filled me up. The staff was so sweet and attentive although it was packed. Definitely will be coming back here!Super crowded, but great atmosphere.  This restaurant claims to be in the oldest apartment building in the United States, so it has this great old-style feel to it.  The walls are pretty much floor to ceiling window-doors (don't know how to describe them, but you get the picture, I hope) that they keep open so sometimes a bird might join you for lunch.  It's right next to Jackson Square so you can also hear the lovely musicians performing right in front of the Cabrildo.
The food is great.  I had the blackened shrimp and absolutely loved it.  The servers were all friendly, too.Nothing exciting here. The food was good and quick. The location is nice and we didn't wait at all for a table on a Saturday night.WARNING: 15% Gratuity Will Be Added For Parties of 3  
Unconscionable adj. referring to a contract or bargain which is so unfair to a party that no reasonable or informed person would agree to it. It is similar to an "adhesion contract," in which one party has taken advantage of a person dealing from weakness.
We ate here Memorial weekend. When our bill came we discovered a 15% gratuity was added. I'm accustomed to paying gratuity for parties of usually 6 or more, but 3, three, thres, trois?!?! 
Service was below average.  I wasn't even escorted to the restroom. (No joke, there are restaurants in NOLA that will escort you to the restroom (ie. Commander's Palace & Mr. B's)). 
Cafe Pontalba does not get 2 stars because of the 15% gratuity.
It gets 2 stars because "Meh. I've experienced better."Don't do it!  Don't spend a dime in this place.  Even though they're in the perfect location, right on a (relatively) quiet corner of Jackson Square, they seem to have everything going for them.  Yet, the service is weak, the food is weaker still, and the prices are high for what you get.  The location and the ambiance will get you to eat here once because it just looks so right; but I guarantee you that you won't go back.  This place is the quintessential tourist trap - why would anyone go back?Great little restaurant right on the corner of Jackson Square. I ate dinner here my first night in NOLA, and the big, fat barbecue shrimp hit the spot. The doors and windows were all open, letting the warm air flow through. A perfect spot for a late winter meal.We loved the service here. Our waiter was one of the kindest, most attentive servers we had when we visited New Orleans.
However, it didn't cancel out the food.
The historic story of the building that houses Cafe Pontalba (take a History Tour for that story - it's a fun one!) is rich and beautiful, but unfortunately, the food at the Cafe is not.
I had crabcakes that were much more cake and much less crab. They were semi-warm, which is something you never want for seafood, mushy, and just overall kind of boring.
The presentation was sloppy - I've seen better plating at a Waffle House.
My partner had a spicy pasta dish, that was so bland he took about four bites of it and said, "Let's just go somewhere else."
The food really was that bad - we left Pontalba and went elsewhere. We'll not be coming back.What a fantastic introduction to Cajun and Créole cuisine; jambalaya, gumbo, rice & beans, I LOVE YOU ALL. Delicious food. Service was incredible and efficient. Location, outstanding. There isn't that much ambiance to the place, but the great food alone makes it worth a visit.The cafe is a great spot to catch a meal while people watching. They open the side windows, have the ceiling fans going on full blast, and have rows of tables along the windows. 
Definitely a good spot to catch some breakfast and a cup of chicory coffee. I had the jambalaya (didn't want it in an omelet) and it was flavorful and filling. Fiancée had the French toast and enjoyed that as well. 
Good spot - would like to go back and try this for dinner some day.The crabcakes here were definitely better than the ones i had in Maryland! I was a bit disappointed with the gumbo though
They definitely have the location advantage, you can listen to the bands playing around Jackson square if you get a window seat in here. A bit on the pricier sideThe oyster Po Boy tasted good until I got to the crunchy shrimp tails in the batter and something that had the consistency of paper. Decided not to finish my sandwich. I let the server know who told the kitchen. They still charged me the full price for the meal. They're right on Jackson Square - so, they don't need to be very good to have a stream of customers. Also, all their draft beer was down because their draft system wasn't working. Eat at your own risk.Zero if I could. So far, I've had to locate a server only for a buss boy to seat us, and then had to locate a server to seat us, finally, he couldn't even get our drink order right. Bye. When you travel, you want food AND service. This place provided neitherCame straight in and sat at the bar. Had delicious shrimp creole, jambalaya, and calamari as an appetizer. The bartender was one of the best I've ever had! He gave us great service, suggested other restaurants and bars that we should try during our stay. We had an amazing dinner and would recommend to anyone!Visited Cafe Pontalba due to their close location to Jackson Square. Location wise with open doors to the sights and sounds of the square it provides great people watching however the food was mediocre at best. You can tell they tailor to tourists and given their location overall if you're looking for something to really epitomize the tastes of New Orleans I'd keeping looking if you want something convenient while visiting the square maybe just grab a drink and enjoy the people watching.Cajun Combo had a cup of gumbo which was good, followed by a plate with a scoop of white rice, scoop of Jambalaya, beans with sausage and beef, and a piece of grilled sausage.  The jambalya (seasoned rice had sausage slices) was too spicy for my taste buds!  I ate everything else.
Blackened Alligator appetizer was very good.  It tasted like the dark meat of pork.  It came with a lemon wedge and dipping sauce.
My husband had the barbecue shrimp appetizer which was more like a boil using oil and seasonings with whole shrimps...head and all. That came with slices of Italian bread to dip.  Not bad.
My DD had the Catfish Pecan which was a fried filet covered by a lemony sauce with chopped pecans. That came with overcooked string beans and a scoop of mashed red potatoes, skin included.
Service was very good.  Gratuity is added to the bill but I added more since he was friendly, attentive, and recommended the blackened alligator over the fried one.
We sat with a view of St. Louis Cathedral as the sun set.  Awesome!
Oh and the prices were quite reasonable.The food was pretty good, but the service was terrible.
My girlfriend and I arrived as the evening rush was ending, so we understood that we might not get served right away.  We ordered beers and the blackened alligator appetizer.  She ordered a fried shrimp salad; red beans and rice (comes with sausage) for me.
Our server was pleasant but a little air-headed.  Or maybe she didn't care.  She brought out the appetizer and my girlfriend's entree salad at the same time -- about five minutes passed, we asked for forks, and she eventually brought them by.  So I waited and waited for my food to show up, thinking surely it must be coming soon.  After half an hour we asked where the red beans and rice were, and she said they were on their way.  I finally got my food a full 40 minutes after my date, with only a halfhearted "sorry about that" under our server's breath.  I think she forgot about my food.
This hasn't happened to me before, and I'll bet it's a fluke.  But it's a pretty bad fluke.  Mistakes happen, but we felt downright ignored.  The shrimp salad was just okay, the red beans and rice (and sausage) were very tasty, and the blackened gator was good.  Would have tasted better if they'd come out within 30 minutes of each other.We stopped in here 3 different times.  My husband had a Bloody Mary and really liked it.  On another visit we had a Po Boy.  It was ok, not great, not bad.  The third time we stopped to get a drink and the bartender was one of rudest people I have run into.  There were several people at the bar but only one bartender.  We had been sitting waiting for a while when the bartender asked someone who had just walked in what they wanted.  I said something and the bartender came over, insulted me, and was extremely hostile.  I realize he was busy, and may not have known I was there first but that was no excuse for his behavior.  If you can't be civil then maybe you shouldn't be in a customer service jobThe service here was great.  We had two different waiters helping us, and all our food and drinks were brought to us quickly.  
The gumbo was amazing!  If you order nothing else, get the gumbo!  It's spicy enough and not fishy tasting.  
The location was great, too.  It's over-looking Jackson Square.  Very pretty scenery--with great people watching.
My only warning--if there is a guy eating there with dark brown, shaggy hair, a horribly loud/husky voice, and an "I know everything attitude,"  eat somewhere else,  He'll ruin your experience.  Whoever he is, he's a d-bag.***15% GRATUITY AUTOMATICALLY ADDED TO BILL***
As mentioned above, a 15% gratuity is added to every bill, no matter the size of your party. Just something to note as your bill will still have a "tip" line and does not indicate in any manner that it's an additional tip. 
My wife and I stopped here for lunch after walking around the square looking at all of the art. There was no wait and we were told to just pick a table. 
Somebody walked by and just dropped 2 menus on the table without saying anything. Our waitress walked up about 15 seconds later with a "what can I get ya" while looking over at the bar and not at us. Not a "Hello" or anything either. I told her that we just sat down and would need a few minutes to look over the menu. She didn't say a word and just walked off. 
A few minutes later she returned and we ordered the fish po'boy and the creole combination. The food came out fairly quickly since it wasn't busy at all. The po'boy was dripping with oil and grease, so much that it soaked the bread. The white rice on my plate was cold as if it had been sitting for 15+ minutes. The red beans and seasoned rice on my plate was lukewarm. The jambalaya had cooled to a point where it was a mushy consistency. The sausage in it was just plain gross. We both ended up getting sick about an hour after lunch. 
The waitress came by once to refill our tea and then to drop off the check. Never to ask how the food was. 
I'm assuming the automatic 15% gratuity is added because the average would likely be less than that if the service we received is the norm. 
It's unfortunate that the service and food were both so bad as this restaurant is in a prime location. All of the patrons were definitely tourists. The locals must know better. 
Avoid.Service was slow to start, however, once the server approached us I was very pleased. He was very knowledgeable towards all aspects of the menu- very informative. I ordered the Creole Combination, which consisted of red beans and rice and a cup of gumbo. The red beans and rice was full of flavor, especially the beans. Sausage was a nice addition to the dish. The gumbo was delicious- it came served in a warm cup and had a bit of a kick to it. Key lime pie was OUT OF THIS WORLD. It was cold, creamy, and perfect. Would recommend if you are in the area!This place was a huge disappointment. For the price you really get what you paid for. The first round of blackened alligator was the only good part of the meal. Seriously everything else was just plain or bland. I ordered a salad and even that was a let down! The boxed Zaterans jambalaya is better than it was at this place. The crawfish étouffée had no flavor what so ever, and I thought the shrimp creole sauce tasted like chef Bouardee. Even the key lime pie was subpar. In a city full of amazing restaurants, make sure to do your research, if I had done so I probably wouldn't have wasted my time here.Good location, right next to Jackson square with a nice view, but disappointing food and service. Food was cold and the waiter had a slight attitude  and did not refill drinks. Prices are on the higher side for something that doesn't fill you up all the way. Either way look elsewhere for authentic Cajun food. Will not return anytime soon.We visited this place while strolling the French Quarter. We were checking out Jackson Square and figured we'd try it out since the location was so convenient. There were quite a few people in the restaurant so we thought, "Hey, the food must be pretty good, right?" We ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms, which were decent, but a little on the pricey side for 3 small mushrooms. I had the blackened chicken breast, a side Caesar salad (which I subbed for veggie;$1 extra) and potatoes..also decent. Overall, the food was ok, not spectacular. A little too expensive for what you get. I think most people go for the view of Jackson Square more than the food. If you're hungry and just want something convenient, then go for it. Otherwise, you can find much better food at comparable prices in the city. Hey, it is NOLA, after all!Ordered the jambalaya.  What I got was 2 cups of seasoned rice, still shaped like whatever mold they put the rice in to measure the amount.  On top of the rice were some fried shrimp.  That's not jambalaya and not worth the $16WORST RESTAURANT EVER. I went there a couple of years ago did not care for the food. I went back this year and the food was just as bad. I can also say that I received the WORST service I have ever received in my entire life (not exaggerating). Waitress was extremely rude and obnoxiously slow. Do not go!Ate at Cafe Pontalbo this evening. Blackened gator was just as our server said it would be, great. My wife had the blackened ribs and our only complaint with the ribs is they need to seperate them before they get tableside or invest in better serrated knives for the table. Entrees consisted of Grilled chicken for the wife and cajun combo for myself. All were better than expected. Heather our server was awesome!
If you are looking for linens and crystal on the tables, this is not your place. If you don't mind wood tables, paper napkins and good food for the price, this is a good choice.2 stars for location. Zero stars for food and service. One would think with such a great location there would be a decent meal. NOPE! Don't go here. Don't waste your time or money.This is a great restaurant.  The food quality varies somewhat depending on who is in the kitchen, but overall, it is excellent.  The location is beautiful and the prices very competitive.  One very important note:
They will charge you a gratuity charge for service on your check.  You may not catch it and I know from experience that they won't tell you.  It is easy to give a waiter a 35% tip if you aren't careful!    The food is good.  Try it!Don't eat breakfast at Cafe Pontalba!
The orange juice was bad. The grits were runny, unseasoned, and flavorless. The omelets were tepid, messy, and boring. The jambalaya was uninspired and underpowered. The coffee was burnt, and served with non-dairy creamer.
I had some great breakfasts at other restaurants in New Orleans! Don't eat breakfast at Cafe Pontalba unless it's your only option.After a hot day of walking around the Quarter,  following a great graduation day at Tulane,  we stopped into Cafe Pontalba to rest our feet,  to get out of the sun and to have some drinks.  The waitress asked for our drink order in this half full restaurant.   I informed her my party of 6 was "probably"  just having drinks.   She responded that she would serve us but if the restaurant got busy,  we would have to leave.  Really? I have never been treated this way in any New Orleans restaurant... And I am here every few months visiting my son.   Our drinks  were then very slow in coming.... Sigh.... I will never stop into this convenient location again.This  place used to be good they changed the menu now it's just crap food, gumbo was like straight from a can not good at allFood overpriced for New Orleans breakfast. Unbathed homeless frequent the front steps. Cajun hash browns aren't the norm. Great area and restaurant appears to be nice. Worst breakfast in NO, so far.Key lime pie five stars, yum yum and my husband really liked the shrimp po boy four stars (Oceana's is better) but the bartender was such a jerk when we accidentally assumed we could order full menu from it, what a jerk, and the older man working there just stared at us with a dirty look over the situation and didn't help either so it was a awkward quiet moment as we kept asking those two who we needed to see to get a table (they didn't answer!) then when we finally found waitress to help us we were fine.It's pretty cut & dry.  The menu has a fair amount of variety on it.  Chicken, shrimp, pasta and so on.  The food was not mind blowing, but it was comforting well cooked food.  The portion was plenty & I appreciated the large helping of veggies.  
It is in a great location near Jackson Square & the space is HUGE!  I think a little re-arranging of the seating (Maybe adding a few booths) could really add some charm to the place.  
The bar area is really pretty & professional looking.  The drinks we ordered were well made.
Staff was all friendly even though they were really busy, they made their way to us promptlyThis place is what you would call a tourist trap. Conveniently located on the West corner of Jackson Square, Cafe Pontalba offers subpar Louisiana foods (Jambalaya, gumbo, red beans and rice) and hamburgers. The gumbo was some of the worse we've ever had and the étouffée seemed like it came straight out of a can. The red beans and rice "tasted like cleaning supplies," according to a friend. For those that say this place has good food have no idea what they're talking about. Sorry. We are all born and raised Louisianians that rarely come to touristy parts of New Orleans but I can honestly say that our elementary school lunches we grew up eating were better than the Cajun cuisine we had here. I feel the need to let tourists know that there are FAR better options for Cajun food elsewhere. The best dish we had was probably the popcorn shrimp that cost a solid $9 for just a handful of shrimp. Just don't get the gumbo or red beans and rice. It was pretty terrible, to say the least. Service was also subpar with drink orders taking 10 minutes during a busy Friday lunch. Food came out decently quick but judging by the quality I assume there wasn't much to prepare anyway. I'd suggest spending your hard earned money at any of the other 300 Cajun restaurants in the area.First, the location is great! Adjacent to St. Louis Cathedral and the park. You seat yourself and they have open doors so you can look out onto the square that's right there so you can listen to live music while eating. The food is so good as well - I tried alligator for the first time and it was awesome. The pricing is a little high but totally worth it! We ate ourselves silly and were stuffed for the rest of the day. The staff is so nice and very mannerly. Would definitely go again.Mediocre food at best. Th etouffee was flavorless and watered down. Not much seafood. Service was slow. Place is not clean.Cafe Pontalba is a basic "French Quarter" cajun dive. They serve up decent food, but certainly not a gourmet experience. But if you are looking for a quick bite to eat, you don't want to put your life in jeopardy by eating on Bourbon street, and you want to have a great New Orleans experience, then check out Cafe Pontalba.
The primary thing that makes this place cool is the location - it is a stone's throw away from Jackson Square. From your table, you'll be able to watch the street performers, see the Cathedral, and watch the Saints game on their TV's. So if I could rate the ambiance separately from the food, I would definitely give them a 4-star rating for atmosphere.Terrible choice!!! My hubby and I were looking for a good restaurant to feed our starving bodies after walking all over the quarter. It was busy with understaffing. Extremely loud. The waitress barely checked on us and every time we asked for a refill (yes, we had to ask she didn't do it for us) she would forget. My husband went without a drink until he reminded her after it was clear she wasn't remembering. I'm sure she was overwhelmed with the lack of staff. The food was mediocre at best and the Shrimp Orleans we ordered was so salty I couldn't finish it. After being in Nola for 3 days it was by far the worst place we ate at.I visited Cage Pontalba early one evening a while back for a light meal before joining a tour. On arrival I eventually got seated but the server wasn't particularly pleased to only have one person on a table. I ordered a fish sandwich and a drink and although the drink was delivered fairly quickly I waited ages for the food. When it eventually arrived I had to wolf it down as my tour was departing soon. Trying to get the attention of the server to then pay my bill was a joke and I nearly walked out without paying. The food was pretty good although I have had much better in New Orleans but the service was rubbish. I made my tour with seconds to spare and would not visit the Cafe Pontalba again.First time in New Orleans and obviously first time at this cafe. These people are absolutely RUDE!!!! DONT GO TO THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU WANT SHIT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Every other place I've visited on my trip the people have been so nice and accommodating. God forbid these people have ANY manners whatsoever. After waking 3 miles to try this place out, naturally my boyfriend and I wanted to sit down inside and enjoy our food, but no. We weren't allowed to sit down bc you can only order where the two empty seats were. There was NO ONE ELSE IN THERE!!!! And if you're not allowed to sit there WHY THE HELL DO YOU HAVE SEATS THERE?!?! And why was it ok for the 3 other people to be sitting there?!? Rude ass people! F@$k the staff there they're ALL rude! If we ever come back to NOLA we sure as shit won't be going there, we will take our business to Cafe Du Monde, their food is so much better anyways.Great red beans and Bloody Mary, nice spot to people watch and the service was great. Staff is super friendly.The food deserves 4 stars, the 15% gratuity added to the bill for a party of 2 ruined an otherwise good meal.
I got the red beans & rice, which was very, very good.  My wife got the shrimp platter and she really liked the shrimp, but the fries were soggy.
If not for the gratuity, for which there is NO sign hanging on the wall or "small print" on the menu to indicate it, I would rave about this place.  As it is, I say avoid it because of that extra charge.Just stopped in for a quick bite and the food was simply amazing. After being in New Orleans for almost a week, I now see why everyone falls in love with southern food. If you are ever in the area, make sure you stop in, you will not be disappointed. I recommend the Shrimp étouffée.Not sure why this place doesn't have better reviews. Sure it's a bit of a tourist trap being located in Jackson Square. But the food was really good and the waitress Michelle was friendly and efficient. I had the small appetizer rib plate and the ribs were good. Normally I don't like when places serve ribs with the BBQ sauce on the side but these were well seasoned without the sauce and the sauce was just complimentary to already good tasting ribs. I also had a side of the red beans and rice which was really tasty.  I would definitely eat here again if I lived in the area.This cafe looks upscale but is actually not. The food is ok but pricey. I ordered key lime pie for dessert and I noticed a fly had landed in the cream probably after it arrived on my table. I pointed this out to the waitress who didn't seem keen on fixing it, but who did take it away promising another. The second portion was considerably smaller than the first so I'm assuming all they did was cut the first down and send it back - hardly first class service. 
I would have given this three stars but for the sneaky trick of including 15% tip in the bill and the credit card receipt still having the option to add a tip. I suppose you could add more for good service, but I expect it catches many unwary people who effectively tip twice.It was good. The shrimp Po boy was fantastic. The jambalaya was okay. It was a little crowded, but I would definitely go back for the po boy.Great place for lunch or dinner. While visiting New Orleans, my family found this cafe after a walking tour of the French Quarter. The floor to ceiling windows were open so we could see and hear the goings on of Jackson Square. I ordered the Red beans and rice with smoked sausage, my husband ordered the roast beef Po' boy and my son the ham and Swiss Po' boy. The food arrived at our table quick. The waitress was very attentive. My red beans and rice were delicious, but could have had a bit more sausage. My husband's roast beef po boy was dripping with gravy that tasted like it was made in the pan with the drippings. The ham po boy was super salty and delicious! The prices were a bit steep which is why I took off a star. Otherwise, my family had a great experience!The sausage po-boy was very good! My wife enjoyed the red beans and rice. It is in nice location across from a historic park.Great food! Fast service! Right near the live entertainment and artists at Jackson Square! Love it !This was my first experience when it comes to creole cuisine, so I don't have much to compare to when it comes to taste. I ordered the Creole combination which came with gumbo, jambalaya and crawfish pie. The gumbo was spicy but good, the jambalaya was tasty and the crawfish pie, (which I want sure about), was delicious. Our waitress said they make the pies daily then deep fry. It tasted like a savory pie and I loved it. 
Our service was friendly and the location is right across from Jackson Square and the cathedral. The restaurant is open and you have a nice breeze with gorgeous views!I don't know why this doesn't have a higher star rating this is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. I've been coming here for over 30 years and have never been disappointed. The catfish with pecan crusted gravy is actually the best I've had in New Orleans. The restaurant is in one of the oldest apartment buildings in the United States next to Jackson Square which is one of the historical beautiful land areas in New Orleans, it's an Americana meal experience. I'm kind of glad in a way it's not as popular as some of the other places because I always get a seat, except for Saturday nights, then you're going to wait no matter where you go. Over the years I have brought many friends and family to this location and they all can't believe how good it is because of the yelp rating not being that high. Well here I go giving away my secret but I'll be back every time I'm here. I love what you do don't change it, it's always been great.On Labor Day morning most of the French Quarter restaurants that were open were full with lines out the door. To prevent a wait, we ended up at Cafe Pontalba which is on Jackson Square, tourist central. 
Service was just sleepy and nonchalant; maybe the server had a long night out. The food was super bland. The crawfish omelet and grits looked as sad as it tasted. It needed a lot of hot sauce to try and Cajun spice it up. Maybe they were trying to hit mid-American taste sensibilities. Except for being seated at a table by open French doors, nothing was memorable. The coffee was ok. 
It was a disappointing end to an otherwise fantastic weekend vacation.Came here on my last night in New Orleans because it had a nice view of Jackson Square and it was convenient.  The hurricanes taste like fruit punch - I don't think that they had any alcohol in them.  I ordered the grilled chicken, and it was NOT grilled - it was pan fried.  Very unappetizing.  Don't recommend coming here as there are MUCH better places to eat in the area - sadly disappointing.This is a solid meal option for NOLA.
The venue is very cute - large floor to ceiling door/windows, open air, decent service.  We stuck with the pasta option here - the Cajun Pasta was really good.  The pasta jumbalaya was pretty good too.
All around a solid meal, but nothing special.The Shrimp Creole alone makes this 5stars. Quick service and good menu. Also, a decent wine list.The food was decent in taste but portion size is not big. My husband and I actually went and got appetizers after we left here. Our server was sarcastic and borderline rude. Not impressed and wouldn't go back. The only positive thing was that we didn't have to wait and again, the food was decent.We sat right down in the charming restaurant and had a fabulous breakfast of French toast that melted in your mouth and eggs Benedict. The server was quick and friendly.Service was a slow start, but ultimately the food was good.  I think they are busier than they deserve to be for location purposes only.I'm not a local of "N'awlins" but I'm pretty sure this place is a tourist trap and you should probably ignore all the other reviews for this place because they're probably all tourists who do not understand traps. A: This restaurant is right beside the church square, which swarms with tourists. B: None of the other people who reviewed this place are from New Orleans. End of discussion.
The inside is okay, it has a sort of mosaic tile floor and some ceiling fans. There's a bar on the side. It's super noisy and they keep the windows or doors (whatever they are) open at all times, which lets in occasional gusts of garbage and exhaust smells from outside. Not too pleasant.
The food was pretty awful as well. I've had a better po'boys in DFW. The one here was completely bland and the bread crust was so thin it basically disintegrated once I picked it up. Gumbo was completely tasteless, aside from the ridiculous amounts of salt. It was literally about as salty as oceanwater. Awful. Never again.I didn't have high hopes based on the reviews, and the location, but it was actually pretty good.
It was busy, but we were seated almost immediately.  Service in general was pretty good.  We both ordered the crawfish combo- etouffee, salad, and cake.  The etouffee was good and pretty spicy (I like spicy; it was a bit much for Sweetie.)  The salad was a very nice green salad with pecans, topped by fried crawfish.  The cake seemed very odd, because it was more of a pie (of the McDonald's apple pie variety, a sort of turnover.)  The waitress apologized and said they got rid of the crawfish cakes a few weeks ago.  I love crabcakes and was looking forward to trying crawfish cakes, but the pie was actually darn good.  Good crust, filled with a sort of crawfish stew similar to but different than the etouffee.  And it's something portable; if I hadn't polished everything off, I could have eaten it walking down the street, or easily saved it for later.
All in all, a good meal.  Nothing spectacular.  The sweet tea was watery, but that's really the only negative.Good vibe, decent food, terrible service
Went in a Monday night and spent the first hour waiting for our drinks. Finally ordered and had our food served. Had to chase down salt, pepper, and ketchup.We've walked by here a dozen times but like someone else mentioned, it always just seemed like a tourist trap. But, on our last trip to NOLA, we were traveling with a large group and needed a place to eat before our Vampire tour (which sucked but a different review). We hit up Cafe Pontalba without a reservation at peak dinner time and were pleasantly surprised. We pretty much all had shrimp po' boys and honestly, they were probably the best po' boys I've ever had. Lots of fresh shrimp and good bread. Service was very good. Prices weren't bad considering we were definitely in the throng of the touristy zone. Need something good and in a pinch while in New Orleans? I'll add Cafe Pontalba to that list.Not a good choice. At all. The food was sub par. The gumbo arrived luke warm with very little sausage and no seafood in it at all.
The beans and rice were tasteless and the Jambalaya actually tasted a bit like dirt might taste- and was also cold. the bathrooms were dirty. The entire place had the feel of a tourist trap and they clearly did not care what they were serving. 
Go across the square to Stanley's and get a good meal for less $!We went in this place at the last minute to eat dinner. The food was excellent, but the spacing was a bit crowded between tables.
The service was fast and they do have great drinks. You can also watch sports at the bar.
The prices were decent! 
I ordered the Cajun Blackened Shrimp and the best part - it was plentiful!  Along with the mashed potatoes and green beans! I only had also wished for a small entree salad.
If I go back to NOLA again, I would go there....as long as it's not too crowded. Then it's elbow room for sure!Food tasted good. Quantity and price was disappointing. Too pricey for the amount of food served. Service was ok. Busy place so a bit sloppy.Crawfish Pie is spicy flaky and delicious!!!!
Ragin Cajun Pasta has a creamy tomato sauce, crawfish chunks, shrimp & andouille sausage- tasted amazing!
Pasta Jumbalaya  has a tomato sauce with shrimp & andouille sausage- tasted great!
Place is loud fun and friendly service!Don't know anything about Cajun food, but it was delicious! The Cajun gumbo was spicy and the fish po' boy soft and flakey. Large, covered seating on a corner with full floor-to-ceiling windows opened on to the street. Tourist atmosphere but great food. Around $10/plate.Inedible!!!! I ordered a poboy to go for my grandmother and she was unable to eat it. It taste as if they poured an entire bottle of salt on it.Staff quickly took our order. I asked for eggs Benedict, but asked to omit the ham. They did bring my order without the meat, but also they didn't put hollandaise sauce on it. I asked the waiter to please bring it back and add hollandaise, which he did.  
My lady friend ordered crab Benedict. When I asked her opinion of her breakfast, she said "it was nasty".  There was a piece in hers that she had pulled out of her mouth which had crab leg shell. She asked for a spicy Bloody Mary, but it wasn't spicy at all, and she had to add hot sauce to it.
My male friend commented that his had browns weren't crispy whatsoever and we're more like potato mush.  He pulled out something he almost broke his tooth on which when we all examined it we determined it was a bone shard. 
My dish was pretty tasty, once they brought it back and added the hollandaise sauce. The hash browns had a nice flavor but definitely should have been a little crisper. There was also one giant hunk of hash browns within that pile on my dish that was rock-hard in a clump and I swear I almost broke a tooth when I tried to chew it before I realized it was a hard clump. 
From where I sat beside the kitchen door, in my view was a garbage can leaving up against the area where the cashier is. The floor under and around that garbage pail, and the wall behind it, looked like it hasn't seen a mop or been wiped down in literal eternity. It was revolting to have that within my line of sight as I was eating food. If they leave where I can see in that condition, I could only imagine the status of the kitchen. 
Won't be back ever, nope, that's a wrap.Cafe Pontalba was our first dining experience in New Orleans.  Thankfully, it was a great one.  Noticing the fantastic open-air atmosphere as we walked by looking for a place for lunch, we stopped in.  It reminded me of a restaurant in Key West.  We were given a table along the edge, so we could thoroughly enjoy the open-air atmosphere.  Yes, it was over 90 degrees that day, but we enjoyed the experience nonetheless.  
To counter the heat, we both ordered iced tea and salads.  Our server was an older gentleman, and while he wasn't very good at remembering things and should have been writing down orders, he did remember to refill our teas often.  
My friend ordered her Caesar salad with fried shrimp, I ordered mine with fried crawfish.  They were decently portioned with a generous amount of seafood, and both were a delight.  We enjoyed a nice, relaxing first lunch.  It was a great welcome to the city.Ordered the Crab Cakes Benedict with Cajun potatoes. The flavor was excellent and the presentation was nice. The portions were quite small however. I also ordered a Bloody Mary which was superb. The location and view are wonderful. The open air layout with a view of St Louis Cathedral is hard to beat.Very poor food ordered the Cajun burger so greasy and horribly season ed it was not edible. Service was subpar although the staff was working  very hard.We loved this place!  The atmosphere was great, service was fantastic and the food was exceptional.  We highly recommend the crawfish po boy and the red beans and rice.  Best beans and rice I've ever had in my life, perfect consistency, flavor and texture.Great location!
Good food!
Nice decor!
We stopped in here for a bite for lunch after riding the Natchez. 
I had the shrimp poboy and my friend had the taste of Orleans. The food was good but nothing special. 
The best part of the meal was dessert. They had a key lime pie that was so creamy that I couldn't tell if it was ice cream pie or not! I had been looking for key lime pie at every restaurant and this was the 1st one that had it!!!!!! 
The location is right by Jackson square and very cool for people watching.This was the first place that we ate at when we got to New Orleans and immediately wished that we would have went elsewhere.  They had all the restaurant windows and doors open on one of the hottest, stickiest night of the week.  Strike one!
Service was sub standard at best even though they were not busy.  Strike two!
Entree portions were the size of appetizer portions which left us wanting more.  We are not gluttonous or big people but this was ridiculous for the price.  Strike three!
They added a 15% gratuity to the tab when they ring up your tab.  What the hell is that?  Service was horrible and they try to get you to pay gratuity again if you aren't paying attention.  
Location is good but would tell people visiting the French Quarter to get drinks there but not much else.  The next time I come to the Quarter I am going to avoid this place like the plague.  Just stay away!We eat here just about every single visit home and especially on Mardi Gras day. The menu is diverse and authentic which makes everyone happy. They offer a few different sampler plates and that makes it even better. My daughter and I shared the crawfish sampler and we loved every bite!Good stop if hungry and in a hurry. Nice view from the corner of Jackson Square and has the New Orleans staples pretty well covered. Nothing outstanding, but everything from blackened redfish to jambalaya to gumbo was good and at a reasonable price point. Far from fine dining or New Orlean's best, but satisfying.I went here for breakfast. I ordered the jambalaya omelet with grits. The omelet was ok and there wasn't anything special about the grits.
The service was a little slow but the server was very nice. There is a good view of Jackson Square out the windows of the restaurant.We came accross this place while walking at the square. It looked to be a good place with the open doors looking on to the square where band was playing. I got a fish poboy which was pretty good. My boyfriend got the ribs wish we could say the same for those. They were dry not even the BBQ sauce could help. If we ever return to New Orleans  we will have to pass.If ur going to the bar here I PROMISE IT WILL BE A WASTE OF UR TIME!!! Sooo we came here twice while on our visit to New Orleans first time we came the bar wasn't too busy so we decided to give it a try. We sat directly in front of the bartender and she passed by us multiple times but were not even greeted one time with A hi hello welcome we will be right with you how can I help you NOTHING!! So after about 10-15 mins we just left. A couple days later we r walking by again this time there was literally no one at the bar so I said let's try again this time we were at least greeted and our drink orders were taken by a somewhat friendly bartender. But before our drinks were gone he left and another guy and girl came the bar being empty I assumed it would be easy to catch one of their attention to order a couple more drinks but nope.. The guy literally took a phone call on his personal cell right in front of us and the girl continued to do what she had been doing talking to a group of 2-3 guys who looked to be workers. So we just left seriously don't waste your time!Too much grease, a little lacking in flavour, shabby interior - but fast and friendly service with a great location. Review to come!Wow. What a disappointment.
Waited half an hour to be seated.
I had the Fish Pontalba - supposed to have mushrooms & artichokes - not an artichoke on the plate. 
Grandson had Rajun Cajun Pasta - said it was good.
Hubs had seafood combo, said it was ok. 
Grandson #2 had a sausage po boy - not good, very small sausage portion, tasteless (frozen) fries. 
Son in law said sausage po boy was awful.
We won't be back. Server was not very helpful, maybe the end of her shift...
On top of that, they added an 18% gratuity. Unreal.Delicious food! I came here 3 days in a row for the fried fish and shrimps. The prices are very affordable and the food is amazing!!Good food. Husband had red beans and rice. I had pop corn shrimp and gumbo! Friends had pasta dishes, ribs, and more. Everyone said the food was good. This was a good choice for lunch. We ate here during the Essence festival. Therefore large crowds. The staff was very accommodating and attentive to their customers. They do not separate the checks for large parties. Good service and good food! We will visit again.Came for breakfast. The food is ok and the service is attentive. Maybe is a NOLA thing but they offered hash browns and came with a scoop of home fries.This place was on point. The food was great and the bartender was awesome as well. Very attentive and kind even when I asked to eat breakfast at the bar. I don't think I'd pay attention to the other reviews if you are reading this. They sound impatient....We did a hangover breakfast here. The food was good and the location is awesome. The service, as with most places in the French Quarter, was great.Absolute must eat when in New Orleans!!!! Best food we have had during our vacation! Gumbo and étouffée was INCREDIBLE!!!!It was just ok nothing great the service wasn't even ok I don't think I would ever come backA nice place to eat here in the Jackson Square area. Food was conveniently enjoyable. A nice place to see the sites and enjoy the different street activities/performers.Overall an average place to eat, good for anybody looking for food. We stumbled in on thanksgiving as it was one of the few places open at 11AM. The drinks were not expensive ($22 for 4 screwdrivers) and the rice and beans was above average (poboy was ok and the fries could be better).The best I can say for this place is the location is excellent! It is right on the corner with a beautiful view of the cathedral.  Service was decent.  However, the food was ... OK.  We both ordered benedicts, and though filling enough, it was unsatisfying in terms of quality both in taste(vinegary !?) and texture(soggy?).Disgusting. The shrimp Po Boy was not as described and was the shrimp was fishy tasting and and the jambalaya was dry and tasteless. It was overpriced and disappointing- don't waste your money.Poor service! Food is everything but tasty. The New Orleans Special is nothing special. The rice and beans are mixed with water... Po boy are served without salade or any extra and all the seafood is fried. Worst experience so far!Great place to eat and people watch. Good hash puppies (off menu) and incredible creole and Cajun food. Did I mention the people watching... floor to ceiling windows open and you get the experience of true N'orleansVery inexpensive but a huge no no for cocktails.  My full review. Ordered a Sazerac.   Not very good at all.   Long Island tea was strong but not tasty as it should have been. Ordered the seafood platter. The waitress brought our food but no silverware. When I asked for a fork she said when she get some clean ones she will bring them. Really?  Fish was fishy. A couple of the fried oysters were not fully cooked. Fries were not hot.  The shrimp and Crab cake was okay.  First and last and would not recommend.Had the Cajun Benedict for brunch with grits. Was not bad but nothing like the other New Orleans food I've come to love. In comparison to any of the other food I've had in this city it was just mediocre. Nothing that I will remember. On the plus side it was very convenient and the service was great and fast!Atmosphere and service made a two star food rating into a three star restaurant rating. A historic bar on the corner of Jackson Square with it's music, magicians, and artists made this an enjoyable evening out.Waitress clearly did not want to be working tonight. House wine was pricey and horrible. Could not finish the glass. Food was basic creole, we were hungry so it was acceptable. Waitress left us the bill without asking if we needed anything else.I and a few girlfriends who live in New Orleans decided to play tourist and spend a night in the quarter.  The following morning we went to Cafe Pontalba for breakfast.  Right on Jackson Square, the view is beautiful.  All windows, enabling you to people watch.  The food was wonderful.
However,
The service did anything but compliment.  The moment we sat down a gentleman server greeted us with a smirk and asked us "what do you want".  We all ordered our drinks and asked if he could come back as we had not had anytime to look at the menu.  After our order was taken, our server walked away while one of my girlfriends was asking him a question about her order.  We had four rounds of refills, 3 of which we had to ask for.  Oh wait, it gets better!  After receiving our food by the bus boy (who was very nice)  Our server completely disappears.  The hostess comes to the table and asks us if we need anything, and that our server had to "make a run".  Once he returned, he avoided associating with our table.  A few minutes pass by and we wanted to request to-go bloody marys.  Our server finally comes by and drops the check and walks away without assisting us.  We get our bloody marys from the hostess.  10 minutes later as we are waiting to pay, I am watching our server in the middle of the floor texting on his phone.  I ask him to please come take our check because at this point we are in a hurry.
As if this wasn't already bad enough...
He returns with the check ready for us to sign.  I examine the receipt to see that gratuity was already added, without informing us ahead!!  We immediately request to speak to a manager.  Only then did our server come to the table and ask if there was ANYTHING at all he could possibly do for us.  I told him to please get the manager.  The manager approaches the table, and rather than allowing my friend to speak and inform him of our horrible service, he continues to interrupt her in a very rude and defensive manner.  Customer service is obviously not a quality they care about providing, which would probably explain why the restaurant had a total of 3 tables on a very busy Saturday morning.  As we left we tipped the hostess, and walked outside only to look back in and notice it was not the server cleaning our table, but another man.  I would not reccommend this restaurant under any circumstance after this experience.Very appealing and in a great location, possibly the most redeeming quality of this restaurant was the people watching.  We sat ourselves, was not waited on for about 10 minutes.  Understaffed on St. Patrick's Day, the waitress was likely overwhelmed by the volume and was pretty much just going through the motions.  She did manage an obviously fake smile.  We ordered a single burger to share, which took nearly an hour to deliver.  The burger was ...I would just call it "embarrassingly average" and the fries limp, flavorless and hardly worth eating.  They reminded me of the bagged, frozen ones you throw in your own oven.  Bottom line:  When you've been walking the French Quarter all day and are looking for reasonable service or food, skip Cafe Pontalba, unless you just want to sit for awhile.What a cute little place smack in the middle of the French Quarter. Came here with friends after a long day of walking around NOLA and drinking on Bourbon Street. As we were searching for a spot, not knowing really any of the local restaurants, this one seemed inviting with their packed patio and all doors and windows wide open. We sat at a table inside but still had a lovely view of all the surrounding architecture, especially the beautiful Basilica, and street life. 
We all ordered something different, going from classic po boys to fish sandwiches. I opted for the surf n turf with a side of mashed potatoes and beans. We were all satisfied with the food, it was good but nothing out of this world. I'd say it was pretty basic standard seafood with a little bit of the creole feel to it, nothing fancy. But that's kind of what we were looking for so we enjoyed it. We weren't searching for a super authentic Cajun cuisine....just something to fill the bellies after walking all day. Looking back I'd say the type of food you get would fit more for a hole-in-the-wall type of place but you do pay for the view, atmosphere, and the jazz music lingering around. 
I think when I get to come back to Nola, I'd give this place another visit just to try something different from the menu and because as a tourist, it really is in a convenient location. However, if you want something hardcore legit and 100% authentic then maybe try somewhere else.Our meal was tasty, but came out cold. We had to ask them to warm it up. Our service was good. Our waitress was friendly and refilled our coffee cups often and with a smile. Floor to ceiling windows that overlook Jackson SquareWent here just because they had the blackened alligator.  Which happens to be my new love!
It was pretty good and we had another appetizer that was like an empanada with crawfish ettoufe sauce on top.  YUMMY!!!  
The server was also very helpful and attentive!
Oh yeah, I forget that I wanted to mention that the menu states in clear writing that they automatically add 15% to every tab.  I am ok with that.  Unless of course you get REALLY crappy service.  But the way I figure, it must be a hard living serving all those drunk idiots that happen into the establishment and leave nothing.  So if some of us more courteous people have the 15% automatically added in, that is less math for me!
Additionally!  Help a city out!  They are still coming back from a very traumatic past.  Give a *bleepin* 15% tip for pete's sake!  Sheesh!Stopped here one day while out with the family in the Quarter. The food was amazing and the prices were very reasonable for the touristy French Quarter. I  will definitely be visiting this place again when in the Quarter.There are so many great restaurants in the French quarter, don't waste your time here. Bloody Mary's were good. French toast was soggy. Hollandaise sauce was bad. Service was okay. Go somewhere else.Awful. Awful. I can cook better in my dorm with a hot plate. Shrimp Creole is ketchup and rice. Rip off.Red beans and rice were really good! Jambalaya was not as good as I had hoped though- gumbo was great and bread pudding was the bomb for breakfast! Enjoyed sitting in the window seats and listening to music from Jackson Square.3.5 stars. Awesome location right off of Jackson Square. Food came out quickly and was good. Shrimp in shrimp and grits were not deveined, which is gross. The crab cakes Benedict were good!We ended up coming here because the Gumbo Shop had a really long wait. The service was fine and food came out pretty quick so that's probably why our food wasn't good. My husband got the shrimp po boy with fries and it was just ok. I got the combination plate with jambalaya, crawfish pie and a side of gumbo. The only good thing on that plate was the crawfish pie. The gumbo had no flavor at all. The jambalaya was cold, hard, dry and no flavor except the spicy sausage. My friends catfish was too salty and the green beans looked gross. I was pretty disappointed. Had this been my first time in New Orleans, I would be scared that this place defined NOLA/Creole cooking. Since my husbands family is from here and we've been to many restaurants I know better. This place is not the place to go for good food.We tried the étouffée at this little place by Jackson square.  It was pretty good.Terrible service. The waiter didn't seem to care about us at all. Had to send all of my food back because it was absolutely disgusting. I was displeased with this restaurant. If you are considering eating here please for my sanity please keep walking. Even with the disgusting food the service made it even worse. I would not recommend this place at all! My servers name was Lee and he made this experience even worse.I was worried this was a tourist trap being so close to Jackson Square. I was really surprised by this place. My experience was a great one. I had the Cajun combo. And loved it. As well as the redbeans and rice. It was so good. I would check them out when they are not so busy. I came in for a late lunch. The service was good as well. The bartender made a great old fashion. Check it out.I've been coming here for 14 years and it never disappoints.  It's less crowded than some of the more hopping places like Maspero's or Three Sisters. The location on Jackson Square allows for great people watching and there's rarely a wait.  The prices are decent and the po boys are hella stuffed!  Plus we once saw Jo Jo from Widespread here.As a local, this place was terrible, dirty, under seasoned and overpriced. Red beans can straight from a can, not much shrimp on the poboy and the fries were stale. The only saving grace for this restaurant was the blackened alligator appetizer. That was on point.Located in a great location server was very friendly and helpful we had fried alligator as appetizer it was very salty i had jambalaya and it was tasteless with barely any chicken sausage or anything else on top of that it had 6 fried shrimps my wife had red fish it was more or less then we order bread pudding and it was dry and it was hot in one side and cold on the other microwaved we are not coming back ti this place anymoreSmall little restaurant off Jackson Square. I had the Blackened Steak and Egg. Let me tell you it was amazing. It had the perfect amount of spices. Eggs cooked to my liking. The Cajun Potatos added to the flavorful selection. Would recommend this place for breakfast.Great view.  Great view. Great view.  It's right on Jackson Square. 
There are many other better places to eat.  Breakfast consisted of smallish portions, largish price, blandish taste, and, weakish coffee.   Eat somewhere else and come to the Square and sit on a bench when your done.Ok. We got the seats by the doors so we could people watch. I'd say good is just ok started with alligator - fried was good, grilled not so much. Service was ok. It wasn't overly busy so that's a sign to me. Prices were high for what you got.Decent service in a nice location but the food does not taste good. So much salt in the gumbo I could not finish it. Beer was not that cold and the hamburgers could use a lot of work. The would pull off the ribs like pulled pork so they were tender but were way too salty. The moral of the story is these people use way too much salt I don't put a lot of effort to make a Live Photos good. In their defense the barbecue shrimp we're good. My vice would be to keep walking to another restaurant.Worst place to eat in my opinion. The crawfish etoufe cam out at room temperature. The crab cakes were mostly bread and nearly black from being over cooked. There are much better places to eat right near here. Skip this place.03/05/17 - Cafe Pontalbella is in a great location right by Jackson Park. This was selected because more because of convenience, my friends weren't foodies and just wanted to eat and because we were tired and hungry after a long day.  The restaurant has a nice ambience with open doors facing Jackson Park.  This was a few days after Mardi Gras, but there was still activity occurring outside around Jackson Square.
I had a combo that came with 3 items Gumbo, jambalaya & crawfish pie.  
Chicken Gumbo - was actually pretty good with a nice amount of flavor & spice
Shrimp Jambala - Was pretty lame and tasted like it had been sitting around for a while and just warmed up.  The rice was stuck together and flavorless.
Crawfish Pie - wasn't very good and only acted as a filler.  
My friend got the Shrimp PoBoy.  He said it was just ok
The other guy got a Chicken Sandwich that was supposedly good, but who gets a chicken sandwich in NOLA?
The location was awesome on one of the corners by Jackson Park with our table literally in the window opening facing the park.  Since it was on a corner where 2 streets intersected it gave us a great view of some of the activity happening outside w/street vendors and artist.  The service was also very good.  Our waiter had a good knowledge of the food w/a quick friendly service.  The food however was very mediocre & not really worth the time or the money.  Next time I will go with people that enjoy food.Great location.  Beautiful space.  Crab with poached eggs was choke your mamma salty and meager.Had lunch here on a recent trip to NO.  It was ok.  Don't think I would go back though with so many options in the area.  Started with chicken sausage gumbo and it was ok.  Wife had fried shrimp poboy and I has jambalya with fried shrimp.  The friend shrimp were pretty good.  They use corn meal in their dredge so they come out crispy.  The jambalaya was not so good.  Service was kinda slow.  It looked like our waiter had too many table to take care of by himself.Located in the heart of Jackson square this place offers all the typical New Orleans flavors. A great place to eat after a long night on bourbon. The breakfast is out of this world and the alligator is a must try.I read some of the reviews but like always decided to go to this restaurant anyway and sure glad we did. Keiana was our waitress and she was spectacular, very courteous and helpful. The food was delicious and I don't know how anyone could complain about the portions. You will come away full, that is for sure. I had the barbecued shrimp appetizer and my entree was shrimp creole.Red beans and rice are awesome. Wife had flat iron steak and loved it.  The complimentary garlic bread is to die for.Had the eggs benedict- it was delish! The line to get a table went really fast and our food came out together and quickly, which was a feat considering how busy there were.Came to New Orleans for the first time. Walked around French quarter and was hungry so I walked into this place since it was the closest place with food. I got the Cajun pasta with alligator meat. OMG. It was sooo good! First time I've had gator. It really does taste like chicken but just a little bit chewier. I loved how the pasta was drenched in the sauce so the pasta was never dried.We were a large party but they got us in pretty quickly - took our orders and both food and drink came out fast - food was pretty touristy but I appreciate how fast it came out for a busy restaurant - if you need some quick food that won't kill you come on in just don't have high expectations- etouffee and blackened alligator were good choices, gumbo and jambalaya were a let downIf you are in Jackson Square and don't feel like dealing with the crowds on Bourbon Street for fried seafood, take a seat here. 
The fried calamari was great and the fried seafood platter, which includes shrimp, oysters, white fish (best part!), a few hush puppies (fried cheesy bread balls), and fries, was delicious. 
My favorite part was how they kept all the doors and windows open so that the restaurant was exposed to Jackson Square and all the talented musical street performers.I loved the roast beef poor boy, and went there twice just for that sandwich.  My friends had other things that were just okay, but the roast beef was really to die for.3 of 4 in our party ordered food.  One was recovering from some illness (food poisoning?) and made a mistake by ordering the veg pasta which was a little too spicy for her (it didn't look appetizing, but no real review).  Another ordered the blackened chicken that was good.
I ordered the creole combo of gumbo and red beans and rice/sausage.  The gumbo was probably the best I've had so far out of about 5, being a bit spicier than the rest.  And it had a fair portion of shrimp, but was a little light on the sausage.
The red beans were the first I've ever tried, and they were pleasantly spicy.  It had the smallest sausage I've seen served w/ this dish thus far, although there were a couple other small chunks in the sauce.  Good dish, a bit light on the meat.
Overall, I'd say a pretty average experience.  About $15 for the plate and it was fairly filling.