Not a bad breakfast spot but be warned: the line is LONG - like 30-45 min and the food is good, but in my opinion, not worth it... certainly  not in the summer.  Also, the beignets are good (yes better than Café Du Monde) but still, just beignets. Get one of their other options like a mufaletta sandi and have someone in your party snag a table, they go lightening fast here if you want to sit outside.Cafe beignet was my first encounter with beignets and I was not disappointed. I now currently have tried from 2 cafes and am still happy with my first impressions. I enjoyed Cafe beignet cafe at Leit more then others I have had here in Nola. I like my coffee w a slightly less bold/bitter flavor and cafe beignet did that for me. The beignets were fluffier then my second tasting but still crispy on the outside, all in all I would say this is a worthy stop for a sweet pick me up! And cute cafe to sit in as well.Most expensive beignets we found in town but the best ones. Service is ok.
We went there on a Saturday at 1pm, the wait was 10 min. Definitely, a good alternative to cafe du monde.Lovely place. Decor was nice. Beignet was not as good as Cafe Du Monde but the frozen cafe au lait was great. Be mindful they don't have decaf for frozen cafe au lait.Okay so hear me out. I'm not a big beignet fan, but when in NOLA eat as they do. I tried the iconic Cafe Du Monde, and wasn't all that impressed with theirs. It was heavy and too doughy and basically a whole pound bag of confectioners sugar was loaded on top. The ones at Cafe Beignet, to my delight, were so much better! They were lighter, had a nice crisp on the outside, and even though it was still a bit doughy, it wasn't the heavy kind like Cafe du Monde's. The sugar they use here was also better, it's not as powdery fine, so it doesn't fly everywhere, and they probably use half as much sugar on their beignets too. You know how I know it's good, I ate two! Three comes in an order, and I liked it that much.
The place is super cuuuuuuuuute! Like ridiculously cute. If were we weren't in such a rush, I would have enjoyed my beignets there and hung out and people watched. It's just the quaintest little cafe. So lucky that I am kind of shallow and saw how cute this cafe was and decided to go inside, based off that. It was not my real intention to go inside, but I happened to chance upon it because I had my heart originally set on going to Brennan's for their bananas fosters but they had a long wait, plus their ugly snooty little host was a jerk, that made me forgo the wait. Kinda glad that happened or I may have never chanced upon Cafe Beignet.The café is super cute, but it's small and super crowded. Not ideal for large groups but perfect for a romantic breakfast if you don't mind the line. The beignets are a tad crispier than I'd like but still smothered in powdery goodness. Price is expensive. I bought a cup of fruit for $6 and some of the grapes were going bad.
Its definitely better to come for a full breakfast than just a snack because the meals are better priced than their pastries and snacks.Preferred Cafe Beignet to Cafe Du Mondes... lighter, crispier and the perfect coating of sugar. I was not impressed with the eggs but would go back here for the Beignets hands down!Without a doubt, these are the best beignets. they're different from Cafe du Monde, but I like them better. The wait at this place can be difficult, because they move SO SLOW behind the counter. But, it's good. I haven't ever eaten anything else there.Why go to Cafe Du Mond and wait in like for an hour when you get the same delicious Beignet here plus sandwiches, desserts, and more.  
Friendly and prompt service, strong delicious coffee, perfect beignetsOverall a great experience! Friendly staff, great sandwich fare, and delicious beignets. They also had a case full of beautiful other treats. Literally a hole in the wall with a big open air concept and outside patio, it was easy to get lost in the deliciousness of our toasted croissant sandwich that was topped with a nice portion of ham and cheese. The beignets were also warm and perfectly fried, covered in a heaping portion of powdered sugar. The outside patio lines up to Royal St so you can watch the people go by and in and out of the antique shops across the street. Perfect for a quick, affordable lunch in the French quarter!My wife and I ordered 2 sets of beignet fire 3.99 each.  Each set comes with 3 beignet. I had their online coupon which gave us a free cafe la ait with each entree. The beignet was good with lots of sugar on top of it.  Overall,  it was good and there was live jazz music too.So So.  My local friends said that these beignets blow Café Du Monde out of the water.  Not true.  I found the beignets heavy and not sweet.  The garden was lovely and great for French quarter people watching.  Decent coffee.  All in all, fine but not great.The beignets here are BY FAR the best in New Orleans. 
This past weekend, I was in NOLA with friends and of course had to try the beignets. We were perusing some antique shops on Royal and stumbled upon Cafe Beignet. I didn't know what to expect, but I was extremely impressed. The service was super friendly, even when it was crowded and we didn't know what to order (aside from beignets, of course). Each order of beignets comes with three LARGE ones - maybe 4x4 inches each. And they aren't completely doused in powdered sugar, like the ones at Cafe du Monde (which I can only assume Cafe du Monde does to mask the mediocrity of their beignets). The beignets at Cafe Beignet are soft, perfectly golden, and served piping hot. Those at Cafe du Monde are about half the size, completely covered in inches of powdered sugar, served lukewarm, and are chewy and doughy. 
I also had a praline, which was perfectly soft and crumbly, not hard like the boxed variety. 
Do yourself a favor and skip the tourist trap that is Cafe du Monde and head over to one of the Cafe Beignet locations. You won't be sorry!Right next to the police station in the grand old state bank building -- almost missed it. Has a hole-in-the-wall look, especially from the outside, but is actually quite deep and spacious. Quaint French cafe feel. The waiters were friendly and the beignets just right. Also had a pretty good crawfish omelette. Perfect breakfast spot.Good and fast breakfast, so-so beignets (crispy outside, spongy inside). Once you get through the long line, your food will be delivered very quickly. Definitely a crowded place, but for a quick breakfast it works well.I've been coming to New Orleans since I was nine years old and have a nostalgiac connotation of the Cafe du Monde.  Realistically, however, I prefer Cafe Beignet.  They have good decaf au lait (I don't drink leaded coffee), and some real breakfast choices.  We all enjoyed omelettes and other egg dishes.  I loved that they served grits on the side (I put cheese on mine).  
Being a cafe and not a restaurant, you walk up and order, and then they bring your food to you.BEST Beignets EVER...and Alton Brown agrees as well as their beignets are on his list of best things he's ever ate! 
Forget Cafe Du Monde (more touristy)...Cafe Beignet is AMAZING. I went back to Cafe Beignet EVERY DAY that I was in NOLA. This is 1 of 2 locations, and the more cafe atmosphere location but closes at 5pm. The other location is outdoors and on Bourbon St, though open later, until 10pm.
Here's Alton's Brown NOLA episode: http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/la/new-orleans/cafe-beignet-restaurant.html
Also, there is a coupon for a free cafe au lait with any purchase if you print out the coupon.Line was long, place was packed, we had to bus our own table. My veggie omelette was okay, but nothing fabulous. French bread was soft and good. Good coffee. Beignets were served cold. They are larger and more dense than Cafe du Monde. I wouldn't recommend compared to other options.If you want to get your beignet fix in New Orleans but avoid the tourists and long lines, go to Cafe Beignet.  Granted, I've never tried Cafe du Monde's beignet but word of mouth says the beignets at Cafe B are comparable.  We went in on a Sunday around 10:30am and didn't wait in line for more than 10 minutes.  They also serve other breakfast items.  My husband and I shared the eggs, hashbrowns,  sausage and an order of beignets plus a cafe au lait.  Coffee was great!  Hashbrowns were well-seasoned.  The beignets were good, but it could be just a tad warmer and gooey on the inside.  It was satisfying though so I cannot complain.  There is limited seating in side, but the turnover is quick.  Plus you can always sit anywhere in the area outside to enjoy your beignets :)Came here twice during our stay in NOLA! I had previously visited Cafe du Monde, and was turned off by all the powdered sugar EVERYWHERE, the constant long line to get in, and the rude servers who push you out to get more people in. Cafe Beignet was more relaxed with a super cute interior. Come on any random weekday afternoon and you can walk up to the cash register! Beignets were soft, hot, and crispy. Cafe au lait was mild but delicious, both hot and iced. My sister got a breakfast sandwich and enjoyed it. The service leaves something to be desired, but it wasn't bad.Great coffee.  Casual atmosphere.  Who doesn't love a warm, crispy, doughy, sugary beignet?  Crawfish omelets also good.  Great location in the French quarter on Royal St. close to shopping.Of the two reputable beignet shops in the French quarter Cafe Beignet has the edge.  Lighter and fluffier than the competition, the powdered sugar to dough ratio works perfectly.  Service can be a bit slow, but that is because they make them fresh when you order.  The wait is worth the fresh taste.  Seating and space are limited in the location we tried.Muy buen lugar... las porciones ideales, la atención muy ágil y agradable, el ambiente restaurado y adecuado para el tipo de productos, y las personas que atendían en la caja muy profesionales
Ojo, se llena mucho... mucha paciencia por favorTheir beignet may be better but more expensive then Cafe du Monde. It's a small shop so it doesn't have the ambiance like Cafe du Monde.Came here because the line at cafe du monde was like 3 blocks long, the beignets were fantastic. The wait was a bit slow, line to order then quite a wait to get the beignets but they were excellent. the next day we went back to cafe du monde in the middle of the night when there was no line and were so surprised to find out the beignets weren't as good as this place. So if you're in town this place is def worth checking out. Also fun to try both here and cafe du monde to compareI don't get it. The beignets here are definitely inferior to Cafe du Monde. We received nearly burnt and room-temp beignets. We probably stood in line for at least 25 minutes for a major let down. We had to go back to Cafe du Monde the next day in order to replace the experience. 
People may complain about CDM's cleanliness, but I'd take CDM over CB any day--especially since CB lets the birds and cats INSIDE of the establishment. We saw many flies inside of the bakery display, too. I just don't see the appeal when there is a superior option just blocks away.The service was slow and the beignets themselves were cold, stale, and tasteless.  The chicory coffee was good, but you can get that anywhere.  I suggest Cafe du Monde instead.I like these Beignets better than Cafe Du Mond, they are lighter and fluffier!The beignets are larger than at Cafe du Monde but they're still very dense and only come with powdered sugar. If you are like me and like them with powdered sugar AND honey then you'd have to ask which comes in these tiny individual packets so you'd need about five just to go with an order.Always a must on a trip to New Orleans! The coffee is perfection and I love the beignets. I got a veggie omelet this past time and it was scrumptious. The patio is a great place to be in the morning in the shade of the palms.Nice little cafe next to the police station.  While I loved sitting outside the birds make a mess. Be careful where you sit.  The beignets were nice and warm and service was fast.Great place for beignets. They are huge. way bigger than cafe du monde and their coffee is amazing. best coffee i had in the french quarter. and it is so cute! this is a must do.This place was not great. The two stars is for the unique appeal. I ordered the club sandwich which was cold. The beignets where ok ... a little on the doughy side. The waiter was not the cleanest looking person. It was just not a good experience. I did not and either did my sweetheart finish our meal.Call me not impressed. Their beignets were dense and chewy - and tasted doughy. Their cafe au lait was good but not at strong as I'd like.This is a great little cafe in the french quarters of New Orleans. Makes you feel like you are in Paris when you are here. Cool atmosphere, arched tunnel like ceilings, wrought iron tables and chairs. And really good coffee and espresso. Gets crowded so there may be big lines.We came here not one, not two, but THREE times during our weeklong trip. Now first of all, the actual beignets were kinda meh... too doughy! go to Du Monde instead. Well unless you like dough (heavy) beignets. But the atmosphere is what makes it great. You can get actual food, coffee, tea, beignets AND drinks in an open space, with live music every night! Make sure to get the NOLA guide book for a free cafe au lait with any purchase and BOGO drinks.Came here for Mardi Gras weekend and you can tell it was the "Special Mardi Gras Menu" I can't believe most of their breakfast items costs around $10 and you really get nothing. With the good reviews we were so excited to try some Beignets and get some breakfast! We thought this place was the place... 
I got the crawfish omelette ($10ish) and my BF got the ham and cheese omelette ($9ish) and we also ordered the 3 beignets for about $3. GEEZ, what a rip off! We got our breakfast on one of those plastic paper plates and literally it looked like they used 1-2 eggs for the omelet. It was so small for the price you're paying! (Go get a po-boy and actually be full). The omelettes were bland and were not good. I did like my crawfish in there, but you get like 3-4. The bread smell stale and the grits were flavorless. I know you are supposed to flavor your grits but it was so dry. And then the famous beignets... their beignets were SO DRY and gross. It turned us off for getting beignets (until we tried Café Du Monde)...we really thought beignets are supposed to taste like Café Beignets...dry (not at all doughy) and overcooked. Gross. 
Honestly, this is the one place we could have all skipped and be perfectly happy. The food was not worth the price, everything was bland and the famous beignets here will make you dislike beignets... And really, I love all food and I'm an easy rater, but this was just so off-putting! Only time yelp reviews failed me.Our first meal in NOLA is generally a stop for beignets and cafe au lait. Not adverse to the tourist hot-spot Cafe DuMonde, we opted this time for Cafe Beignet. Some claim, including Alton Brown, that it is the superior stop for these French doughnuts covered in powered sugar. I'm divided, as they're both excellent and great in their own way. Cafe Beignet seemed to be more consistent in their product, but I missed the over abundance of powdered sugar the other place snows down on the fried dough.
For full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/The lack of service is not worth the beignets. Everyone that works there is annoyed by the business and the fact that the customers cant hear with the loud music. The wait time is about an hour no matter when you go.  Good luck!Tasty, but not as good as Cafe du Monde. They tasted a little doughy and not as light as the the other place. All four of us agreed (including two professional pastry chefs), the Cafe du Monde serves up the better beignets.Paid over $13 for two orders of Beignets and a small coffee. That's a ridiculously high price in comparison to Cafe Du Monde, but seeing as how I only had my credit card on me, my wife and I went to Cafe Beignet. If Beignet is in the name of the establishment, you'd think they'd be great, but no indeed haha. They are the consistency of pizza crust. The coffee was meh. They overcharged and underdelivered IMO.The service here was excellent. 
First time Here in NOLA so I had to try beignets. Well I must say they were not exactly what I was anticipating and not as good as all the hype in my opinion.  I ate half of one and threw the rest in the trash.  
The order came with 3 beignets for $3.99.  It just didn't wow me as I hoped.
Cute little spot though maybe next time I'll try breakfast and or a cup of coffee.I had the fortunate opportunity to try Cafe Beignet, Sunday morning, for breakfast. I decided to pick this location, as I heard the beignets were relatively larger in size than DuMond, it's often less crowded than the other touristy place, and many felt they taste better. 
The outdoor appearance, shows how small the place really is. Yet, outdoor seating was available. The line had reached the entrance, but I was pleased with how fast it moved. One cashier would take the order and payment, while the other prepared the specialty drinks. 
I disliked the flow within the restaurant. It could use a separate exit, in the rear of the store and guests do have to cut through the traffic line, for the condiment counter and trash can. 
It's decorated nicely inside and they also sell relative knick knacks and goodies. 
The beignets were served quick and were warm, with plenty of powdered sugar to last, with every bite!Best beignets in French Quarter. They're massive and wonderful when dipped in coffee. Or really without dipping them...but who would do that?!? 3 people can easily share one order, unless you're STARVING. 
Nice looking shop, friendly staff and animals. Be prepared for several sparrows attempting to steal your delicious deep fried goodness, and a cat or two to spook them away.Such a nice little coffee shop! The baked goods are to die for! I always love sitting on the patio, usually there's a musician outside, as well as a sweet little  kitty that hangs out around there. Very friendly staff! The beignets are amazing. Don't waste your time at cafe du monde waiting in a long line for meh. Come here!We went here for one reason, and one reason only: beignets. They were great and I'm glad we got them. We didn't get anything else, so I don't know how anything else is. (Sorry...) We ordered one order of beignets to go, which took forever, but I expected as much on a sunny, Sunday afternoon on Royal Street. They have outside seating with a lot of shade where we waited for our food. It was nicer than waiting in the cafe because it was hot and crowded. I definitely want to get the Cafe Du Monde experience next time I'm in New Orleans, but this place did a fine job making the authentic beignets I had always dreamed about trying.Great experience!  Customers place their order at the counter and then have a seat, the food is delivered to your table hot and fresh.  The café au lait was by far the best coffee I had experienced during our trip.  We sat in the patio area where we were greeted by a friendly cat that sat on one of the chairs at the next table.  An acoustic guitarist played a calming song on the sidewalk near the café entrance.  It was a relaxing and enjoyable place to eat a yummy breakfast!Always great beignets, hot coffee and fast service! I would give it 5 stars if it had more seating.Kind, un-touristy place just down the way from the Monteleone.  Expect to see locals here, not tourists.  Rest a while in the garden by the police headquarters.. It's lovely there. Safe too!  
Their coffee is luscious and the sandwiches a welcome change from the tourist food that populates the quarter.Great place to pick up a quiet, peaceful, simple breakfast. I had a veggie omelette with grits and an iced cafe au lait. Portion sizes are just right for a perfectly healthy breakfast!BEST BEIGNETS! I think they are better than Cafe Du Monde. Bigger fluffier and just amazing. Went there every morning.Great, friendly staff...tried the omelette crawfish it was delicious. The beignet was ok.Although the beignet and cafe au lait are not as good as Cafe Du Monde, the atmosphere is so much more pleasant. The courtyard is beautiful and quant. And there's always live music here. Overall, I would rather come here and enjoy the ambiance and live music than the hot overcrowded Cafe Du Monde.The food is good, coffee is good, very quaint decor.  The problem is the crowd and speed of service.  It's a sea of people with numbered cards on their tables waiting for food.  You have to come either off hours or head to the one on Bourbon just a couple of blocks away.  I had the muffuletta, and would recommend one of the groceries like Central because it really wasn't that good.This place gets 4 stars for the atmosphere;  the band playing was lovely and the beignets were reasonably priced.  Downsides are the lack of indoor seating, but there is plenty of outdoor space and misting fans.Fast service for the crowds that come here. 
Cute outdoor seating.
Good cafe drinks and delicious fresh beignets.
The rest of the food here is...just food... I would come here for a nice beignet breakfast/snack and enjoy the outdoor seating.I am not impressed by the pastry, there or anywhere...buttttt they had live jazz, free and soooooo good. The prices were good and it had an open air feel.Indeed, 3 beignets for $3, and they are bigger, fluffier, and lighter. I'll take the quieter atmosphere here anytime, though we still went to Cafe du Monde as my hubby hadn't been before.Great place to eat outdoors. No alcohol accept a tiny $7 bottle.  Had roast beef Po-boy. Not great. Maybe 3-4 ounces of meat. Nothing special at all. Wouldn't get again. Thinking great place for coffee and desserts not for a starving person.The beignets are delicious and didn't disappoint our expectations.
We had their Cafe Au Lait and their crawfish omelette.Overall, a decent breakfast. The beignets were tasty, but maybe a bit crispy/dense for what I expect. This location is crowded. It can get hot. I enjoyed my ham and egg omelette although I wouldn't say it was anything special.After a nice dinner my wife and I started toward Cafe du Monde. It was her first visit to New Orleans, but not mine. We stumbled across this Cafe enroute and decided to check it out. It was great!  We shared an Iced coffee au lait and one order of beignet. We listened to a jazz combo who were good. We thoroughly enjoyed it. Good beignet, fast service, great atmosphere, no wait. I'll admit I've been to Cafe du Monde a couple of times so the bucket list is checked. But I see no need to go there again. If you want good coffee and good beignet then this Cafe is for you.The food was good.  I had the the Crawfish Omelette, Grits and French Bread.   My Boyfriend had the Sausage Omelette, Grits and French Bread.  A Gentleman is outside singing Gospel and it was a pleasant treat.   I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because   the address is connected to the police station so it's a tad bit confusing.Cafe Beignet serves the type of beignets that I envisioned before stepping foot into New Orleans.  They're supremely soft, fluffy, warm, heavily powdered with sugar and larger in comparison to the powerhouse that is Cafe Du Monde.  The best part? Cafe Beignet serves food whereas Cafe Du Monde does not!
For $3.99, you'll receive three beignets that are consistent in every aspect.  While the edges are enjoyably crispy, the centers are doughy/fluffy without losing that airy quality that beignet lovers swoon over.  They're always made when ordered, which results in the freshest and hottest beignets possible too.  Because of this, a longer wait time is required.
----
Conclusion: Cafe Beignet is the place to go for great tasting beignets.  Don't believe me? Alton Brown from the FoodNetwork agrees and claims it to be one of the best things he's ever ate in his life. This establishment has two locations and I strongly advise you to go to this one on Royal Street as it's cleaner and has a charming atmosphere.  The one on Bourbon Street is livelier, but also more dirty. The next time I ever come back to NOLA, I'll satisfy my donut cravings at CB and will be sure to eat the delicious brunch food too.
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Service can be better, but upon reflection, I feel service inside the French Quarter is constantly unfriendly
-Decor is endearing and southern
-"Beignet....Done That" is their slogan.
-Indoor and Outdoor seating available
-Restroom could be cleanerI like the way this place is set up but I'm not a fan of the beignets.  They are thicker and have more dough than a Cafe du Monde beignet.  This place also sells more than beignets...they have delicious pastries as well.we had to see if it was true that the beignets here are better than cafe du monde- in fact, i made it my mission to determine where we could find the best beignets. the shop is cleaner and has nicer decor than cafe du monde, but the cafe au lait was TERRIBLE and the beignets were NOT as good as cafe du monde. so, that question has been answered. do not suffer crappy coffee and poorly powdered beignets like we did.Well, I was just walking by and some strange force directed me into this restaurant and forced me to order some beignets, even though I was skeptical as I had Cafe Du Monde the day before.
What I can now say, is that given the choice, I would return here for my beignets rather than the other more famous place as the crowds are nonexistent here, the service is good, and the beignets are BETTER.
Yep, you heard that right, the beignets here are better than Cafe Du Monde.Beignets was quite tasteful and fluffy. The iced mocha coffee was great also. Good way to leave New Orleans. The only negative was The cashier lady was rudeTried the Cajun hash browns with beignets and the andouille omelette with a pecan tart. We waited for 40 minutes. The beignets were pretty disappointing; oil was old and the beignets were drenched in it. We were expecting a flaky sensation and instead got oil soaked bread. The omelette was good but the grits served with it were lumpy. Wouldn't wait in line again for this place.First time eating beignets and we chose this place!  The beignets were pretty good!  Definitely reminded me of a funnel cake with powdered sugar.  Brought to you and made to order! Yum! Check it out if you're in New Orleans!I think their beignets are way better than Cafe du Monde's and their outdoor patio seating is much nicer.Tried Cafe du Monde last night and was happy with the experience, but I have to say that Cafe Beignet takes the cake.
 An airier astry and just the right amount of powdered sugar. 
I did like my coffee at Du Monde much better but. This place is calmer, cleaner and more welcoming.
Both got 5 stars but this was a definite lockDidn't make it to Café Du Monde, so I can't compare the two. Having said that, the beignets were delicious! There was a bit of a wait, but it was well worth it.A beautiful little cafe nestled in between stores in the french quarter. The mocha coffee was delicious and the beignets were served fresh. Unfortunately, I didn't get to sample the rest of the menu but it was a great stop that I hope to return to!This place was pretty great! The most popular attraction was obviously the beignets. They were my favorite beignets so far to date. They were soft and chewy with not an over abundance of sugar powder. However the only downside I would say is once it starts getting crowded the people in line will be right next to you where you're sitting on the inside of the place so be prepared to have your personal bubble inevitably encroached on. But otherwise if you're taking the beignets to go and you're there for the beignets alone then this is the place for you!Everyone who visits NOLA flocks to Cafe Du Monde for beignets but don't forget this little powdered French Donut treat place either. Plus they sell so much more! Crossaints, tarts, lots of coffee drinks. Everything is tasty and unlike it's competition I already mentioned, they are NOT cash only. They have two locations but this one is tucked away right by the police office. Love the atmosphere here.In an attempt having brunch at Cafe Du Monde like most eager tourists of New Orleans, my friends and I were a tad unsuccessful. Line was entirely too long lol. Came across this gem. Couldn't be more pleased. Though there was a line, not quite as long a wait. Beignets were nice and hot, delicious and would def order again. Iced au lait was equally delicious. Eager to try the more extensive meal options offered next go 'round. Glad to have tried!The beignets here are good.  They are big, but also heavy for a pastry.  I personally like the ones at Cafe Du Monde better because they were light and airy.Save your money. Burned croissant, flavorless grits, crappy service, over-priced! We paid 30 dollars for two mediocre breakfasts. Be careful. There's many over-rated over-priced places like this in the Quarter.Small, quiet and clean. Coffee was hot and delicious. The beignet's were to die for.  Ambiance was romantic and the music was French appropriate.  This place is by far better than Cafe Dumonde.This restaurant was not good at all. Coffee was bitter and made me nauseated. Flat beignets and too much sugar.The establishment itself is quaint.  The inside a small cafe with a few tables, but the outside a nice patio with lots of seating.  
The beignets here are pretty good.  It is a bit more doughy than I am used to, but the outside has a nice crisp to it.  Not enough powdered sugar.  Maybe they should catch on to Cafe Du Monde and just put a whole bag on top.   Haha.  
I ordered Cajun Hashbrowns for breakfast and while I did enjoy it, it wasn't too exciting.  Really was just homefries with some eggs, sausage, and veggies.  Can't complain too much because I'm easily please when it comes to my potato based breakfast dishes.  
Sweet Tea here is on the sweeter side, but I have a sweet tooth.  Win.The beignets and coffee are not as good as cafe du monde.  The beignets here tastes just like fried donut, but the ones in cafe du monde is more airy.  Kind of hard to explain...just need to try both and compare.  
The atmosphere is quaint though at this location.  I also like that they serve other breakfast items like omelette, unlike cafe du monde.
I will go back, but probably for their other items on the menu and save room for cafe du monde's beignets.The Cajun hash browns were delicious, the beignets were delightful and the coffee was decent. My only complaint was that it was a little pricey. But the hash browns were totally worth it.Sandwiches are so good and the beignets are magical. Don't leave without having their iced coffee... amazing!We went to try this place because a lot of yelp reviews said it was comparable to or better than Cafe Du Monde's beignet!  TOTAL have to DISAGREED!  The beginet here was not as crispy or fluffy.A good, convenient breakfast spot but boy is it chaotic inside.  Sitting at a table while the folks in line stand right next to you, watching you eat... not my thing. I've eaten here a few times and will definitely go back, but it does require some patience and a certain mood to deal with the crowd.Great breakfast spot! Even though it was super busy, they managed to get our food out very quickly and everything was DELICIOUS. The coffees and juices are great as well. Dare I say they're beignets are better than Cafe du... I better not say that. But, you know what I mean. ;]
Definitely one of my first choices for inexpensive breakfast in The Quarter. The courtyard is quaint and quite lovely.YUP gotta make a stop here!!
Had a mid morning breakfast here and they were pretty packed but managed to do the old divide and conquer method to get a seat and food. You know what I'm talking about one stays on duty and trolls for a table opening up and the other gets in line to order food but I digress.  So had a delightful time under some shade trees on an old patio and enjoyed some delicious beignets ( I hope I finally spelled that right!) .  
While dining there was an elderly gentleman serenading us with old school gospel standards from the sidewalk.  Apparently it's a NOLA thing but it was pleasant.  It was a very recharging breakfast to start another full day of taking in all the Big Easy has to offer.This place got awesome reviews, and the wait was long like it was, but the food was cold and subpar.  Beignets weren't bad.  Wouldn't recommend actual food here.Going to have to agree with the other yelpers, the beignets are better here then Cafe du Monde.This is a closer to 3.5 star review instead of a 3 star review. We stopped in here for breakfast on ok me of our days in town. It has more v as diety of food then cafe du monde in that it serves more then just beignets and cafe au lait. 
There is a counter that you order from and then you wait for your food to brought out to you. It is a slash between a dinner and a cafe. They too have beignets but I don't know if they are better or worst then cafe du monde as I'm gluten free. I ordered an egg dish with potatoes and sausage. Given how humid it already was, I really only ate the potatoes and sausage. One of my friends ate my eggs.
The restaurant is open to the street and there is ceiling fans however it doesn't ever really get cold in the restaurant. We definitely came at the right time as there was a massive line when we were through with breakfast/brunch. 
Given that there are gluten free options, I would probably come back.This is it! Beautiful fresh and hot! Not at all greasy like other cafes. I'll be dreaming of this little spot long after our trip is over. No doubt!I do like this one better than Cafe Du Monde. Much less hectic and better beignets. Their coffee and iced coffee is really good too. Plus if you need one more reason, it's right on Royal St one block from Bourbon in the heart of all the nicer shops.I know it's in the name, but of the three beignet places I tried, the beignets here were good but not as good as its competitors. However, there's more offerings here than say Cafe Du Monde and I have it on good authority that the iced coffee here is much better too.We were drawn in by the Jazz tunes we heard as we were walking down the street one evening, we wandered in and sat down to listen to Steamboat Willie (such a good show!). A wonderful waitress approached us almost immediately. I got the southern comfort mango daiquiri at her recommendation and it was amazing. My boyfriend had some sort of iced coffee that was also delicious. We will definitely be going back for more before we head home!I thought this was a cute little spot. Reminiscent of a little café in France. Their Lattes were ehhh, the service was a bit slow with the line wrapped around the corner but I guess that's a given considering this café was featured on the food network a few times. I must say though, as blasphemous as this may sound to a NOLA native, beignets are simply funnel cake shaped into a donut. It tasted exactly like funnel cake, confectioners sugar and all! Good nonetheless less but still very similar to funnel cake. Sorry if I offended any Nawlin's nativeOrdered the veggie burger, took an hour to be delivered, server seemed to have no idea what was going on nor that he seemed to care. Finally got the food and tastes like subway. Patty overcooked and rubbery. Terrible experienceShould I risk being crucified by saying that this place is as good, if not better, than than Cafe du Monde when it comes to their beignets????  Ayyy..... both have their good and bad. CDM is open 24 hours/day, is larger, and has greeeeaat coffee!!!! But it is a trek from Canal Street, which is the side of the quarter where we were staying! The major difference is that CDM beignets are smaller, and almost a bit crisper in their consistency. CDM is also the larger tourist trap. I have to say with Cafe Beignet, the beignets are really dense and chewy, and larger. Almost like a hot pocket size. I must also say that Cafe Beignet has patio seating... great on a sunny morning, with live jazz playing!!!! It's courtyard setting is so quaint and chill. Cafe Beignet also has hearty  breakfast and brunch items and a bar. Try both.... it's a matter of taste which is better. Both are great gems in the French Quarter and are on opposing ends.This location is a great little "hole in the wall". Courtyard is great too. The staff were very friendly and helpful. After hearing one of the staff eloquently describe these little bites of heaven to a newby the patron summarized them as "so it's a fried hunka dough with suga on it". I would've kicked her out for the sac religious statement. They gave her a taste and she ordered more. This location will go far with that attitude. I perferred their beignets over other versions and their coffee selections are better.I don't know what I was expecting, everyone told me how wonderful this place was, and how amazing beignets are, and I have to try them and this is the place to do it.
So I ordered some, reasonably priced at 3.99.  They came out covered in powdered sugar and piping hot.  I took a bite.  Disappointed.  So basically down here they slap a fancy name on something that up North we just call fried dough that you generally only find at carnavals and festivals, albeit, the prices are much better down South.  
So, disappointed that it wasn't something more, like a unique dough with some spice mixed in, but they were good.
The only reason this place got three stars is because the lady at the register looked like she hated the world and everyone in it, and was rude and obnoxious.  So, good fried dough, bad attitude.This place was packed when we came in. It was worth the wait. The beignets were pretty darn good.I do not agree with anyone who recommends the beignets from Cafe Beignet over Cafe Du Monde.  Cafe Du Monde is worth all the hype and is a must visit joint in NOLA!  Cafe Du Monde definitely perfected the art of beignet making, while Cafe Beignet falls short.
This past weekend I did a side by side blind taste test of both of their freshly made beignets and Cafe Du Monde wins by a land slide.
In comparison to Cafe Du Monde, the beignets at Cafe Beignet are a little more greasy and have an oily taste which takes away from the flavor of the dough and powdered sugar.  Although the beignets appear fluffier than the beignets at Cafe Du Monde, the inside is more dense and not as soft.  Some will argue that Cafe Beignet has bigger beignets, which is true but they are also a more expensive (thus it makes no difference).  The wait time at Cafe Beignet is shorter, but if you want the best beignets NOLA has to offer go to Cafe Du Monde.
With all of this said, Cafe Beignet has decent beignets and beignets that are far superior than many other cafes.  It just did not live up to Cafe Du Monde Quality.I am so happy we gave this place a try. The food is super good and the atmosphere is really relaxed.The beignets are excellent but everything else (omelettes, side orders and drinks) are very average. Don't waste your time here.No, no, no - do not pass Cafe Du Monde in favor of this place.
First of all, their cafe au lait comes out of a machine they push the button on - tastes and looks nothing like the real deal but like the stuff you could get at the Red Carpet Club at the airport.  
Second - the beignets- is that what they are?  I wanted one last beignet before I left the city and I'm left wanting.  It was like a big clump of hot doughy tasting dough sprinkled with powdered sugar.  They were not light and airy and slightly sweet in and of themselves - it was completely fried dough and heavy at that. The shape wasn't even right.
I'm so sad.  At least the place is kind of cute... And they were thoroughly cleaning while I was there....Great ambience. A guy was playing good music from the 80s. We ordered cafe Au lait and Beignet. It was good but not great. Other places like Cafe du monde has better beignetA bit of local flavor, crowded with tourists. The coffee is yummy, atmosphere charming, and you have to order the beignets.We wandered in here in Mother's Day for a late morning beignet break- what a treat!! There was a line almost to the door but the service was very efficient. The cafe au lait was yummy.... Really hot though so sip carefully:) the beignets were simply divine!  We didn't realize coming in but this place was on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" and that gave me every confidence it would be a good choice- we were not disappointed!!The central location is a plus for this place.  Right next door to the police station with outside dining available.
We had breakfast on a rainy morning so we ate indoors. The food (we had the breakfast sandwich and a crawfish omelet) was really good but be prepared for minimal service.  After ordering at the counter you are pretty much on your own, which is fine as long as you know that in advance.
We will go again for breakfast or a light lunch.Got a cappucino and an order of beignets and sat in their courtyard. Cappucino was made very well. I enjoyed the beignets (have never been to Cafe Du Monde so can't tell you how they compare), they were warm and fluffy.  I came here because I was looking for some quaint outdoor seating to enjoy my coffee and this place fit perfectly. I'd come back!I loved my iced mocha (mmm) and I liked the beignets here more than the ones at a, shall we say, competing well-known beignet spot? (Don't get me wrong, beignets are awesome at Café du Monde. These just felt a little more .. loved. And a little less .. rushed.) 
My group had a table outside on a humid day and enjoyed our coffees and beignets as we listened to (what else) live music on Royal Street. The time passes pretty quickly when you've having such a great time with great people.Went here for breakfast and was not entirely impressed. You order at the counter, which is fine. My friend and I got coffee and they write really really small.. my cup wasn't even all the way filled,  although it was a good cappuccino.   I got the French toast,  which was actually made with slices of French bread. It was delicious,  but kind of thin and a little tough bevause of the bread. Because of this it was nearly impossible to cut up with the less thay functional plastic flatware they provide (which, I might add, detracted from the scene of the cafe). It was served with yummy fresh fruit, which made up for the effort needed to cut up the french toast. My friend got the hash brown,  which looked delicious. Despite the cafe name we were not going to get beignets,  but a man on his way out offered one to us so we tried it for the first time. It was really really great!I only give this four stars because seating could have been better.  Food was outstanding.  Leave Cafe Dumond alone.  Nice if your downtown by the market, but the crowd at C Dumond is too much.  Beignet's here are divine.  Coffee was fresh and delish.  We ate the mushroom omelette with no leftovers.  Take plenty of change for the meters.  It took about 25 minutes to get an order in during May 2018.
PS:  If you could move the condiment section so you don't have to break the line to get utensils, etc, that would be great.This was our first stop in New Orleans for food.
The beignets were damn good and I wouldn't hesitate to order them again.
I was with a group of 5 and most of us got some sort of egg dish too. I had the crawfish omelette and it was just meh, average, decent amount of crawfish though.
If you want a beignet come here, anything else I would steer clear.I am definitely a fan! Not only do they serve fabulous beignets, but they also serve wonderful omelets, and grits, and french bread. I have not been to the cafe on Bourbon St, but I am a fan of the Royal St. location.  
Seating inside and out and tree shrouded courtyard, the atmosphere is friendly, and invites you hang around chatting with old friends and newly made friends. 
My favorite drink at Cafe Beignet, cafe au lait of course!I liked these beignets more than I liked Cafe Du Monde.  They were much fresher (could tell they were made when we ordered them) and were cheaper.  It is also much less overwhelming in Cafe Beignet.  Look on their website for a coupon for a free Cafe Au Lait.I was in town for a family wedding and had to find myself cafe au lait and beignets.  I didn't feel like making the trek down to Cafe Du Monde, so the concierge in my hotel pointed me to this sweet little spot.  It was raining outside, and it was so early in the morning, the partyers were still walking around.  I ordered my food and found a newspaper and a quaint little table.  They had the doors open (like open walls) so I could just sit and read the paper while listening to the falling rain.  It was awesome!  And they had this cool kittie that apparently liked it in there too because he was weaving in and out of people's legs while they ate.  Awesome vibe...Cute place with good food.  My only gripe is that they serve "whipped spread" rather than butter.  No substitute for butter on waffles and grits.Went for breakfast. Nice location, atmosphere and prices but my ham and egg omelette was fair and beignets kinda of heavy.So obviously the beignets here are amazing. I also ate eggs and potatoes here that were very flavorful and good.
The issue that I have is with the seating arrangement. It was unclear where the line began to order and who was waiting around for a table. When I was there it was very crowded and there was no place for people to wait for a table. We just awkwardly huddled around people who were still eating. It also wasn't clear who had been waiting for a table first. There was just a lack of order and organization to this Beignet location that the one on Bourbon didn't have. This made it harder to enjoy the food and touristy-ness of the place when there was nowhere to sit and as soon as you get a table, everyone else is eyeing you to see when you'll be done.Cute little place that has indoor and outdoor seating. Everyone was so friendly.  Beignets are 3 for $3.99 and its pretty filling so you probably can share one order between 2 ppl. They sell mimosas that you can take out. First time here. Beignet tasted like a malasadas/funnel cake but more doughy. Must try while in NOLA.Nice change from cafe dumonde.  The beignets are made fresh to order...  Local cafe atmosphere,  not like krispy cremes..just spent 4 days in NOLA, had beignets at both duMond and Cafe Beignet (within 12 hours of each other)  I am a cafe beignet fan now.  The Royal street locacation was so much cleaner, smaller and the beignet better.   !!!  we had breakfast and topped it off with the beignet. Breakfast was hot and delicious.  Sit in the courtyard and enjoy the NOLA effect.   they will see me next time.The location is amazing and service is fast and friendly. However, the beignets tasted too much like a regular doughnut instead of a beignet if you get what I am saying. I prefer Cafe Du Mond. I also tried one of their sandwiches and it was okay.Simple and easy place to grab breakfast. Great vibe and solid coffee. The sausage omelette was worth it. Beignets were really good.Wasn't the least bit impressed. Breakfast for 3 was $44 Included coffee for me & hubby, Pwrade for son. 3 Beignets were good, but just good, nothing special. Chorizo Omelette-yuck, grits bland/flavorless and the roll they give you is suitable to feed a local pigeon. Service was good/friendly. Cooking was the pits. The music was excellent.Beignets are as good as cafe du monde's. Service and crowds are a lot more tolerable. I also like the cafe like feel vs. a canteen like feel at cafe du mondeYes, the lines are long, we get it.  But that is for a reason.  This is just among the best places to have any dessert or coffee or sandwhich.  Their prices are reasonable and I love the decor as well.  Staff was very friendly.  And my date and I also loved the live music.  Oh and the beignet's are marvelous.Decent beignets but terrible breakfast (I thought I should have a little protein with my powdered sugar). Reminds me of a high school cafeteria. It was also incredibly busy when we were there, which didn't help, but not their fault.  I wouldn't recommend or go again.Classic spot, good beignets, coffe to keep you going or warm you up. Right in the middle of things, so great place to be near any place in the quarter. Also tends to be crowded. Make it here at least once just to say you did.My first stop with friends while in New Orleans were to try some beignets. Yum... Biegnets were delicious! I came here based on a recommendation. There was no line at all when we entered and I loved the decor of the restaurant. Staff were courteous and service was quick. Best part, there was live music where we were seated by the patio to enjoy our beignets. I made quite a mess from the white powder sugar (lesson: don't wear black while enjoying beignets :p). The beignets paired well with my cup of chai latte.This is a gem of a place.  I like the beignets here better than any other place I've been to and you can get other food such as crawfish omelets, roast beef sandwiches, etc.  Small but charming patio attached to the place and best of all you can bring your dog.  The staff are very friendly and actually brought out some meat and water for my golden--- really cool people.  It's a small place and easy to walk past but it is next to the police station.I was disappointed. The beignets are dense donut like, not light and airy like grand lux. The jambalaya was severely overcooked and mushy so we threw it out. The place was untidy.The beignets here are good, but not quite as good as Cafe Du Monde (which sets the bar high).  The praline cookie here is amazing.
I can't speak for anything else on the menu - we just stopped in for a mid-afternoon snack.
The outside patio is lovely and the service was friendly and fast.
A good spot!I love the beignets here. Fresh and well done. The hot chocolate is pretty good as well. There are many other options for drinks. The courtyard is really nice as wellSmall cafe But pacts a awesome punch crawfish omelet is divine coffee and beignets have to say better then cafe du monde it's a must if your visiting the Big EasyHad breakfast here yesterday morning, our last NOLA meal and as all the previous meals in NOLA it did not disappoint.  I had the Cajun hash brown and the meats in it were excellent.  The wife had the waffle with fresh fruit and it was good too.I really enjoyed Cafe Beignet. The beignet is made fresh to order and it is a hot delicious piece of dough.  It is slightly (and I mean not a material difference) more doughy than the famous Cafe Du Monde but the cafe au lait is much better.  The coffee is strong and the milk balances out the chicory flavor.  If you are going for beignet and coffee, this is a great little place.  There is live music and no long line-ups.The line at Café Du Mont was ridiculous so we found this great place where the beignets were amazing and HUGE!  Very fresh, very tasty and 1/8 of the line.  I also tried the chicken salad croissant which was amazing and the husband tried the shrimp platter which he loved.  Our daughter had the Belgium waffle and really liked it.  We went to the location on Bourbon street the first time and they played really great music but the place was full.  We found another location on Royal which didn't have music but there was plenty of seating and no line!  I highly recommend this place over Du Mont because you won't spend hours standing in line for the exact same food.Love this place! Absolutely prefer the quiet, cute atmosphere here to the madness at cafe du monde. Beignets are bigger and better too! My fiancé is obsessed with Alton brown who rated their beignets 'one of the best things he's ever eaten.' I've had the muffuletta here as well and it was decent. There is a cute courtyard where you can sit and enjoy your food/drink. We had our dog with is so the courtyard was our first choice anyway. They do have a cat that hangs out in the restaurant so beware if you bring your dog - it kicked our dog's ass (though he probably deserved it). Will come back!I did a comparison of this and Du Monde on my trip to NOLA. Cafe Beignet wins. I tried the cafe au lait and beignets at both places. The cafe au lait was about the same, but beignets much better here. The competition's were about half the size, doughy tasting, and seemed slightly undercooked. Here they were perfect fried pillows of crunchy, soft and sweet. Plus double the size, awesome!I met a friend and his son here for coffee and something sweet.  It's a tiny little cafe right near Cafe du Monde, but it was far less crowded and we were able to get seats. The beignets were good but I don't have much to compare them with. Even when they'd been sitting out for a while (they came fresh but we waited to try them since my friend was running late) they weren't too greasy.  Lots of people were getting breakfast there and the egg platters seemed popular and standard and cheap.  There's a cute courtyard but it was pouring rain so we couldn't sit in it.Beignets are to die for...Soooooo good!!! Definitely recommend making a trip to this gem.Quaint little coffee shop in the French Quarter.  I am a huge donut fan.  With that said, their beignets are delicious!  You get three for $3.99.  The line wasn't out the door yet, but close.  It took about 15 minutes to order and only an extra minute to get our beignets.  My husband got their dark roast coffee and said it was the best he has had in awhile.  I would definitely go back.A nice counter-serve breakfast in the French Quarter. We grabbed an order of beignets to go, and this was just the ticket. Nice and hot, generous powdered sugar, all ready to go in cardboard tray. Got in and out in about 20min, and enjoyed our little fried pieces of heaven while walking along the water. 
Lots of folks were having nice looking breakfast plates in the lush courtyard, I would definitely consider coming back for that experience in the future!
Lines aren't my favorite thing, and the line here was perfectly acceptable and a nice alternative to the du Monde crowd.Very charming location, but don't eat the food. The beignets are barely acceptable, so please go to the best place in town which is café Du Monde.
We made the mistake of going to Café Beignet for breakfast, and had the only bad meal that we have ever had in New Orleans. The crawfish omelettes were edible, the grits were a cold mound of an identifiable rubbery mush, and the French bread was stale. Imagine, stale French bread in The French quarter of New Orleans. In other words, stay away.Great atmosphere but food was not good. Praline cookies lacked flavor and were very hard. Pecan tart was bland and hard. Cafe au lait was burt tasting. Beignets were bland, thick and not anywhere as good as the other two places we tried. This is my least favorite place. Lacked flavor and tasted like a funnel cake. I could get that anywhere. Would not recommend.No real need to go here.  The overall food was not great and while the beignets were good (but not great), the atmosphere was nothing special...especially given the great places throughout the Quarter.Super crowded, and with delicious beignets. I ordered the cheese omelet and an order of the beignets, after a long wait in line. Place is so packed, tables end dirty and the staff shorthanded to clean before other customers sit. Worth the wait for the food, but better if taken to go.Will keep this review simple. Heard that Cafe Beignet was better than Cafe Du Monde. Uhmmmm NO.
Cafe Du Monde 10/10; Cafe Beignet 5/10.
Our beignets were too burnt and not soft/crispy at all. Interior is cute and no public restrooms.Definitely the place to go in NOLA for beignets.  Not too doughy and cooked perfect with a nice crispness to the edges.   Quaint location on Royal Street with outdoor seating.  Good breakfast options with a delicious breakfast sandwich.Almost all tourist like me. Lol. Everyone who didn't make it to cafe du monte for bengeits come here. The nice thing here is they have sandwiches, donuts, omelettes filled with various kinds of food (I had crawfish omelette), waffles with fruit and donuts. Everybody's trying to grab a seat and it's hard when you have very little people and they all want to go up & order and you're stuck at the table out deciding what's good as you text your friends while still  saving  the table. My advice to you is to let them know what you want. If you don't know what you want, look around and figure out what interest  or and looks good to you.
Highlight was their coffee.One word of advice if you know you're going to eat beignets: wear WHITE! I always tease my husband because he'll be in black every time, just covered in sugar.  I didn't plan it, but I wore white and no one could tell I'd just consumed enough powdered sugar to kill a person.
So now let's talk about the beignets. One word: yum! I loved them. I have had beignets at Cafe Du Monde many times, and I wouldn't go ahead and say I prefer this place or that place. They are different, and both good. The beignets here are a bit crispier on the outside and a bit airier/lighter inside. As much sugar as was on them, you get even more at Cafe Du Monde. At both places, it's plenty! My husband and I both thought the cafe au lait at Cafe Du Monde is maybe a little better. Not that it's bad here at all, just that we preferred it there.
This place is so pretty, quaint, and charming. It was quite busy when we went on a Friday morning, but we were lucky to get a table out in the courtyard. Just outside the gate on the street was a wonderful gospel singer, just singing his heart out for us. As you know if you have spent more than 10 minutes on the streets of NOLA, there are street performers everywhere and they work on tips. I never think of it in advance, but when in New Orleans, I think it's wise to always have several single dollar bills and fives in case you do want to tip anyone. This guy was great, and he really put heart and soul into his singing.
The inside cafe is small and gets very crowded, but I'm sure it all depends on when you go as far as getting a table. 
There's a full breakfast menu but when I go to Cafe Beignet, I only want beignets. SO good!I remember coming here as a little girl and loving sitting outside on the patio and feeding birds. There are still birds and the restaurant feels mostly unchanged now that I'm revisiting 15 years later. The ambience is perfect - quaint with a low, arched ceiling painted with palm leaves. The paint is cracking in all of the right places. It's small, but if it isn't too hot, the tree-shaded patio provides extra seating. We are here for breakfast and lunch. For breakfast, I had the croissant breakfast sandwhich. The croissant was perfect - soft and slightly crispy on the outside. My parents split the crawfish omelet and were happy. The beignets were good, but maybe not as good as Cafe du Monde. For lunch, I had possibly the greatest red beans and rice of my life. It was served in a bowl as it was a teeny bit soupy, which was good to soak up the rice. The flavor had just the right amount of spice, and the celery had just the right amount crunch. My mom had the roast beef sandwich which my mom described as "really really delicious." I tried it and can attest to this. My dad had the gumbo and it was SO bland and "didn't have enough okra" in his words. It tasted like unflavored chicken noodle soup. Really bad gumbo. If you're in New Orleans, you should definitely eat here, just skip the gumbo.Go early so it isn't too hot to enjoy the patio (plus you'll avoid the lines, which get long after about 8:30am.)This place ranks so high on my self loathing restaurant list it makes me nauseous.
Like an amateur we strolled by the thousands in line at Du Monde (see next review) to walk a few blocks to this well respected establishment. The line was out the door and moved slowly. A few breakfast plates rolled by and looked quite unappetizing. We saw grits so stiff they looked like mashed potatoes, omelets looked dry and brown. We were only there for beignet's so this did not deter us. I wish it had.
Tourists are a necessary evil, I have little patients for humanity as it is, but I said "namaste" and stuck with the plan as we crawled the 50 feet in 50 minutes. Ordered two cafe au lait and two orders of beignets.
There is a nice outdoor seating area if the weather is nice, we were entertained by some sparrows that feed of the mountains of powdered sugar on the tables.
The coffee was decent, the fried dough nuggets were pretty awful. Looking around I saw the same cross section of humanity that waits in line for Santa while their child is terrified and screaming. Sheep like behavior based on flawwed traditions rather than experience. These beignets suck, the line is stupid, the food looks deplorable, and even the sparrows probably have diabetes.For those of you who are a coffee and beignet fan, you definitely want to check out this cafe. It may not be as famous/popular and over hyped like the other one (CdM), but the taste is definitely much better! They offer all day breakfast, other food selections and service is good.The beignets were fine and delivered very quickly, although the place was not packed like other Yelpers have complained about.  
I didn't order anything else off of the menu (I would have gotten a cup of gumbo or something to that effect, but they only have giant entree portions of antyhing.) as I was mainly stopping by to compare them to Cafe du Monde.  The only way they are better here is that the amount of powdered sugar used is totally reasonable.
Some of the tables had these annoying bars around the edges.  I made sure not to sit at one of those.To die for beignets. I tried cafe du monde the next day because someone in our classroom brought some for everyone to try and wow..was I glad I had cafe beignet first. What heaven in your mouthThis place came highly recommended so was disappointed after our meals.  Went for breakfast and had long line.  Ordered omelette.  It is very small snack sized served on plastic paper plates.  Tables are outdoors under trees where birds drop poop on you and your table. 
Servers bring things outside but not condiments like butter or jelly with your food.  We asekd several times and they forgot to bring.     
Beignets - go to Cafe Du Monde early morning before crowds  Best in city and worth any wait.Tucked down a side street, amongst antique shops. Café seating, nice patio as well. Went on a Saturday for brunch and had a bit of trouble getting a spot, but that's completely understandable. My main disappointment is that the food and the presentation didn't live up to the setting. Plastic cutlery, styrofoam plates, disposable everything. We're the food amazing I might have given the place a four, but my latte was subpar and the pecan waffle I got was just average. The orange juice was the highlight of my meal.First up, the beignet's are 100% better than Cafe Du Monde's. Second, the crawfish omelet is delicious but wet/watery in not a good way. This is a cafe, not a fine dining restaurant. 
Long story short, this is a much better option if you are visiting New Orleans and want to avoid tourist traps but still want a beignet. The atmosphere itself is very touristy but the crowds aren't nearly as bad as Du Monde's.It's ok. Comes out hot and fresh but too dough-y compared to the nice crisp you get from cafe du monde. It's worth going there instead.Very tasty fresh beignets ! And the best pecan praline coffee! Didn't try their other food, but if it's like their beignets then it should be awesome! No crazy lines like Cafe du MondeGood beignets that are less greasy than other spots, but cakier than Cafe du Monde. The coffee station has a notably wider selection of seasonings and milk products than other places. Efficient counter ordering with numbered table service, and cute decor.Great little place for breakfast.  Delicious beignets as well as other breakfast items (egg sandwiches, grits, etc).  Great coffee too!!We ate breakfast here our first day and i looked it up on Yelp.  Everything is walking distance when you're staying in the French Quarters.  I love Yelp's Monocle feature on here because it routed me straight to the front door.  Was cool.  The storefront is small but opens up to a narrow long cafe and also a patio area.  You go in, order and pay and find a table and they'll hand you your drink when you pay.  New Orleans has character, i give 'em that.  As we sat and ate our breakfast i noticed next door is a place where they filmed a part in that movie "Double Jeopardy" where Ashley Judd first saw her husband again at that fundraiser auction.  Looks just like in the movies, lol.  
I had a Cafe Mocha, was really yummy and the Andouille Sausage Omelette with Grits and Sourdough Bread.  Everything was great, the Andouille Sausage was kinda smokie and had a kick to it.  I had to put some ketchup on it to tone it down just a notch but it was good.  I love grits and the sourdough bread was freshly made.  New Orleans specializes in breads and pastries i see.  My boyfriend had the Ham and Cheese Omelette with Grits and Sourdough Bread.  He loved it and of course demolished it.  His mom is from New Orleans so he enjoys more of a kick to it and had to spice it up with some hot sauce.  I meant to go back for the Beignets but time went by so darn fast!  
He's taking me back for my birthday so i'll try it then.Great coffee and Beignets! Great outdoor patio ! The little birds are adorable very pet friendly!!I love this little spot!! I came in here on my first ever visit to New Orleans and all but forgot about it until I walked by it on my most recent trip there. I took my friends there for breakfast one morning and it was fantastic. I got the Cajun hash browns dish with an iced cafe au lait. It was simple but so flavorful and satisfying. I also loved the openness of the place, which allowed a cat to wander in which was cool with everyone working, that alone bumped this place up to one of my all time favorite places in the city!If you're going for Beignets only, I prefer the one Cafe Beignet on Decatur, but this is sufficient for a quick fix. The other menu items are all pretty good, with hearty portions. However, the garden and the cats are awesome, and even on a muggy, hot, sluggish day, the shade and cool stone of the patio will give you respite, while the good food gives you sustenance. Worth it!Pretty good but I find Cafe du Monde coffee and beignets better by two notches. All a matter of personal preference, I suppose. Hotter coffee and lighter beignets from CDM. Try both and you decide.  Chicory is sharper I find at CDM too.Truly amazing beignets! Skip the loud, crowded, over-sugared mess at Cafe du Monde. Head down Royal to Cafe Beignet. Lovely cafe with a cute and quaint dining area and luxurious courtyard and even a sweet kitty wandering around looking for a scratch or two. But the beignets here are the star. Made fresh to order, they are so light and delicate and perfectly sweet. A much more refined and subtle flavor than any others. Truly the king of beignets. But don't tell all your friends, I want to be able to get a table though this place deserves fame and fortune.I think the problem was that we didn't order beignets. We ordered an omelet and a waffle served on disposable plates eaten with plastic forks and knives. Not much flavor. The cashier was very blasé.Gumbo was terrible here. Beignets were dense and not comparable to cafe du monde. If cafe du monde is a 10 this was more like a 3...Better and cheaper beignets can be found at well known cafe in the French Market. Beignets are very similar to Italian zeppoles (without filling) eaten on St. Joseph Day (Bignè di San Giuseppe) that I tasted. I tried their croissant also but it was not flaky and buttery like typical French croissants found in a good bakery shop. I did not try the croissants at the other place (if they have it). The coffee was just average. I found much better tasting coffee in coffee shop on Chartres Street about 2 blocks away. This cafe must have changed a lot since the 7/22/2017 review I read.The beignets were dark, but under cooked on the inside and a family member that went several months ago said the same thing. Coffee was really good. Take the trek over to cafe du monde and do a comparison for yourself. If this is the only beignet you have on your nawlins trip then you should be disappointed in yourself.DISGUSTING!  Not worth your time or money. Employees are all stoned. Did not get order correct at all. Asked for two sweet teas got plain iced tea. Asked for one order of beignets to go. Brought to us not in a sack but a small open food tray.  As soon as we stepped outside a dirty homeless guy coughed phlegm all over the beignets and my daughter. Threw everything away. I did have one bite of beignet  before they were contaminated. They were very greasy, luke warm and not as good as Cafe du Monde's beignets.Excellent beniets. The frozen cafe au leit is to die for. They have a piano and also a full bar.Took well over 30 minutes to bring out two orders of beignets. Worth the wait? No. 3 balls of dough. How a cafe who is named after this treat cannot deliver on it, is beyond me. 
Looking for good beignets? Go to cafe Du Monde. Went to their location at the river walk mall, they were amazing! Nice and fluffy , prepared fresh within 5 minutes.There was no service and we waited 20 minutes for eggs and grits. The grits were cold like they came out of the fridge and there was a dead bug on the melon and the whipped spread and the food was over priced.Good food! We got the gumbo and rice and beans. The rice and beans were ok but the gumbo was good! Their portions are small however and the prices are high. But very cute cafe and friendly staff. I would order their beignets though over cafe du monde any day.BEST BEIGNETS IN NEW ORLEANS! We heard it was good, but I didn't think they would be this much better than the rest.  We ordered and had to wait a few minutes for them to come out, meaning they were made to order.  They were warm, chewy, and flavorful with just the right amount of powdered sugar.  When you get up to the counter, there is a sign saying that the restaurant was on Best Thing I Ever Ate as one of Alton Brown's selections.  I loved that show when it was on, so was happy to have made it to one of the restaurants featured on it!This was my/our 1st experience with Cafe Beignet and beignets.  It was a stop for after supper sweets, since we missed the breakfast hours for beignets at other places. The Royal Street location was not crowded and we ordered ours to go.  This location has a nice patio for fair weather dining and had live music to set the ambiance. We enjoyed the fresh beignets after the walk back to the hotel.If you are thinking about getting a waffle....don't do it. I took one bite and had to return it. Stick with the beignets which were in my opinion better than Cafe du Monde.No question - better than cafe dumonde.  These beignets are lighter and more refined.  Dumond has the history and you have to go.  But if you want a more culinary oriented beignet, you need to go to Cafe Beignet.  Hands down the best on 'nOrleans!Good location and tasty food but the service is lacking. I ordered our food and my friend was standing right next to me. He asked the waitress for a cup of water and she completely ignored him and went on to ask the people behind us what they wanted. Very disappointed to be treated so poorly. Pronounced Ben-yay they tasted good but quite messy. Location was fabulous though!Cafe du monde.
Was it because it was my first stop and I was too starving? Was it because it wasn't as crowded as I imagined it would be?
Anyway, it was too doughy, and the sugar quality was not light and fluffy. It was busy, the business felt dirty somehow (probably from the sticky menus and overflowed coffee cups). The cafe au lait was a good pairing, but I'll take CDM first next time.Much much better than cafe du monde...I cannot believe Im saying that but its absolutely true. They are bigger, softer, tastier, and fresher! Could not get enough..melts in your mouth. As we were enjoying them..I see on the wall a poster saying Alton Brown from Food Networks show.."Best thing I ate" was his favorite as well. Had so many people recommend this place so we had to come for breakfast. Also had sausage omelet. Not bad. Needed salt. Daughter liked their cherry filled croissant.I loved all the little cats in the garden area! Really felt like New Orleans in this place. I love the outdoor seating. My Cafe Au Lait was excellent (better than Cafe Du Mond) and my french vegetable omelet was very good! I came here about 2pm and had no wait. It was actually quite empty.Cute cafe with good service. They have a great selection of baked goods.  The carrot cake and key lime tarts were fantastic.  I took a muffuletta to go and it was a bit dry, but still had good flavor.Stopped for lunch and split a Muffaletta and one order of beignets. We sat outside in the courtyard in the shade and it was such a delight. Cool and comfortable and not so noisy in the French Quarter. The sandwich was the perfect ratio of bread to meat and delicious giardiniera veggies served toasted. I would come back again just for the sandwich but then came the beignets... Wow! They were soft on the inside with the right crunch on the outside. They had confectioners sugar but not copious amounts like other "famous" places in New Orleans. Even though there are other Cafe Beignets in the town I loved this hidden gem with the courtyard!I think the beignets are -- dare I say it -- better than those at Cafe Du Monde. Crispier (i.e., not soggy!) and bigger.
Their iced cafe au lait is definitely better than Cafe Du Monde's.
And I thought the staff was friendlier than Cafe Du Monde's.
You win, Cafe Beignet.Pros
Good coffee
Beignet, cranberry scone and breakfast sandwich all tasted amazing 
Beautiful decor 
Cons
Coffee Luke warm
When I informed the bearded twat of a waiter that I didn't receive the beignet I ordered, he just replied it was not on the order slip & walked away. He didn't even go check out what happened so I had to enquire myself.This place is better than Cafe du mode. In my opinion and a shorter line.  But they forgot one order of Beginets for us so they only get four  starsWe loved the relatively quick, efficient service and the food was very good.  I opted for the crabmeat omelette, which the chef happily prepared for me using only egg whites.  We snagged the choice table in the place, the one and only one right by the entrance, which was practically on the sidewalk, affording us a view of all the happenings of the streetscape.  It's a tiny and very busy place, which is part of the charm and also a testament to its goodness.Cafe Beignet offers beignets that rival those made at Cafe du Monde, without the long wait and rushed experience.  
This particular Cafe is off Royal Street.  It offers indoor seating in the narrow restaurant (that we think once was parking for a firetruck), as well as outdoor seating in its fenced-in courtyard.  The courtyard isn't as quiet as the Cafe Beignet on Bourbon St, but it still offers shaded seating.  
The prices are very reasonable for the generous portions you receive. You order at the counter and your food is brought out to you.  I highly recommend the breakfast sandwich.  It's not like a McDonald's or Burger King breakfast sandwich.  It's this huge sandwich about 2-3 times the size of McD or BK.  It's an omelette filled with tons of chopped bacon and cheese, served on a huge croissant (or bagel).  It's SO delicious and filling.Went here on a Sunday around 10:15am and the line wasn't too crazy - about a 10-15 minute wait for an order of beignets (3 for $3.99). It's nice that while you're in line, they take your beverage order too. There are a few tables inside and then a cute sitting area outside. 
Bonus: They accept credit card.Thought that this place was just ok. The beignets were a little greasy and more doughy. It tasted more like a chewy bread. Being a first timer in the city, I had to try Cafe Du Monde and this place to compare. In my opinion, I prefer Cafe Du Monde because of the texture of the beignets. Maybe I got a bad order because other reviewers mentioned that the beignets were light and fluffy. Also, I love sugar and thought that ours didn't have enough. Was a bit disappointed that the frozen cafe au lait machine was broken, so I ended up getting the iced cafe au lait instead. Glad I came to try this place to get my own opinion, but I will probably be going to Cafe Du Monde for future visits.You only get 4 stars and not 5 due to the small and uncomfortable seating. 
I would tell anyone coming to NOLA to find this place and frequent it during your stay.
The prices are very reasonable and the beignets and coffee are lovely.
You will be given what seems like 1/2 pound of sugar with your beignets! 
Service is warm and friendly really lovely place to regroup before exploring the art and antique stores.The beignets are incredible but hash browns were salty and not crisp.  Eggs were unusual and french bread came with spread instead of butter.  Disappointing.