Saw a great band perform here last night (Space Story) for free! Such a great venue and it's so fantastic that we were able to see this wonderful music without a cover. They were incredible!This was my second stop in Frenchman St. I must say that I was disappointed that they did not play one reggae song at all. However, being a fan of live music they did have a band. The crowd was cool but some seemed into the music and some did not. Drinks were decent busy as in any bar do not leave your drink unattended. Someone in my parties drink may have been tampered with as unknowingly her drink was left unattended as she thought someone in the group was watching it. Her behavior took a turn and as a group we departed the club. 
Overall, I wouldn't say it's a must but worth checking out if your in the area.Everything in New Orleans is amazing. Period. Don't waste your time going to music club on Frenchman that charges a cover when plenty of places like this one are FREE.
Plenty of space for you to dance, sit, people watch etc. When we went here it was mostly Reggae music which was really good.The crowd here was younger than at Spotted Cat, but no babies crawling.Heavily influencing my rating is Soul Project who played that night and killed it. Great drinks, great music, great times.This place a hidden jem. Good music, accepts debit cards, and best of all... serves great greasy food til 2 am. what more could you ask for after a druck night of dancing?We stumbled in here on Halloween night 2015 after seeing they offered a more extensive menu than the pizza that was being served by the slice outside. We ordered a pulled pork sandwich, barbacoa pork quesarito, and 2 hurricanes. I still think back to this night and wish I could find another place back home here in California that serves deliciously fresh Mexican food with a slow, chill vibe. I was literally dancing in between bites. I am definitely coming back here the next time I'm in NOLA.One of my favorite places on Frenchman street. Almost always a good band playing. Pretty cool douch free crowd. Decent prices on drinks and some great late night grub. Well worth a stop.So much fun here! Non stop  live music, awesome people. Grab a piece of pizza late night plan to dance a bit!! Been here twice on trips to NOLA now. Awesome place on Frenchmen!Decent place.  Bartender was friendly and the taco place was good.  It's a good place to start the night on Frenchmen St.good music, full abita selection, and tacos on corn tortillas (gluten free) ftw!We stayed on Frenchmen street and were barhopping to enjoy as many bars as we could that night. We went to The Spotted Cat and came out fuming - literally. Smoking inside is not okay! Eh. So they had awesome music pouring out of Cafe Negril. We ended up staying for hours and enjoying the music that just got better by the hour. The band was inviting either local musicians, friends or ex-band-members onstage to sing/rap/play an instrument and the whole night was magical. I am definitely returning when I visit NOLA again!In New Orleans for a brief visit we knew one experience we wanted to have was a live jazz club experience. We took the trolley to the north end and walked the streets looking for the right vibe. We happened upon Cafe Negril. No cover charge check, live music check, a couple stools waiting for us at the bar check! We parked ourselves at the bar had a couple cold ones and enjoyed a four piece group playing their hearts out. Their music was eclectic and we loved it. The group had a difficult name to remember something like the four Norseman or something like that. We had a great time. Midway thru their set the lead singer brought around a donation can and we were glad to contribute.
We didn't have food but we did see pizza and other snacks the crowd was enjoying. The audience was all ages from elderly to teens. Fun Fun FunI heard a lot of music while in New Orleans but the best music simply came from here. The singers and the band here are amazing and the song selection was simply on point. Along with free cover and good drinks at a good price and you have to me the anchor music club for Frenchmen st.Great place for late night drinks and live music. Drinks average 8-10$ per cocktail or mixed​ drink.
But for the owner/manager, I highly recommend that drunk you turn off the autofocus on the live feed Sony camera after you set the focus point. It frequently tries to refocus since it cannot lock on a target reliable in low light.The best live music! Walking along Frenchman, I was pulled into the afro carribean beats but new age songs. It was fun! The drinks were ok, they get watered down quickly. I didnt explore past the front of the house, but managed to grab a stool eventually.  Very enjoyable evening.saw smoky greenwell and the blues gnus this past saturday.  so.much.fun.  danced with friends until 3 a.m. (and only pulled myself away because i had to get up a few hours later.)  seriously, no cover and an amazing band (with a cute guitarist).Best Taco spot ever in the back!!!! I think about those tacos daily. It's always a fun place my 1st stop whenever I'm in the NOOne of the most fun nights I had in New Orleans (as an adult, meaning out of college, and not during Mardi Gras).  
"Open mic" but not just for singers - for the WHOLE BAND!  We walked in and the band was awesome, then the drummer, a lady (which was cool and not something I'd seen often), jumps up and another musician takes her place on the drums.  After another song the guitarist trades out. Then the singer gives way to another singer who gets up on stage and with a "Band" of people who acted like they'd never played together, did an absolutely amazing Rap-Soul-Jam version of a Johnny Cash Song!!No cover, one drink per set, great music. 
For people who need a late night snack, they serve tacos, quesadillas, and pupusas.I had an aweful experience here. There was a minimum to use ur credit card. The music wasnt that good and the insane big haired bar tender kicked me out bc she accused me of throwing a cherry at her?! This place is an awful waste of time and money.  DO NOT GO HERE.Went here this past weekend with a group of girlfriends and had an absolute blast. No cover and an amazing band was playing, fronted by a female who sounded a lot like Janis Joplin and had great energy/stage presence. We spent a good hour here dancing and drinking and probably would've stayed longer if we didn't have the drunk munchies. Minus two stars strictly for the miserable male bartender who was working that night, and who looked like he'd rather be somewhere else having a root canal or getting the plague or something. I ordered about $30 worth of drinks from him and after relaying my order (5-6 mixed drinks) asked for a glass of water. He made all of the drinks (while frowning the entire time) and then took my card without making the glass of water. Fine, I thought, maybe he didn't hear me. I asked for a glass of water again, and he ignored me. I stood there for a good 5 minutes in front of him while he continued to make other orders and refused to look up or acknowledge me. I finally left but it really irritated me - it was a hot night and I tipped 5 or 6 bucks; it's not like I stiffed him. I'm not sure if this is bar policy but if so, just let the customer know. I would've bought a bottled water if that were the only option. Otherwise, nice, strong drinks and super fun atmosphere.The night I went, there was a funk band playing, and the whole place was dancing.  Had I been there on one of the reggae nights...well, I wouldn't have been there on one of the reggae nights.  (Reggae makes my skin crawl).  Which I guess is what this place usually does.  Loudly, from what I gather from some of the other reviews.  I can only judge it from my experience there, which was good.  It definitely struck me as the most Bourbon Street-esque of all of the establishments on Frenchmen, but it was still fairly low on the skanks and bros factor.  This place isn't really my scene, but the people I was with enjoyed themselves.Good music venue on Frenchmen.  Bands lean towards reggae unless it is a festival/parade weekend.  Food is not great but serves in a pinch.SMOKE FREE AT LAST!! That's all that has kept me from stopping in and grabbing great food from the best "taco truck" in NOLA. The music can be hit or miss but it's always good to stop in to eat drink and listen.A great place to eat, drink, and dance the night away. Food was delicious, great service and band was awesome.One of our favorite spots on our entire New Orleans adventure. 
-$3 soft tacos (and other items on the menu) at a "restaurant" inside of the bar... SOLID tacos. 
-$5 beers (bottled beers only though... no tap available... would be better if there were better and more local tap options than the bottled Abita, Sierra Nevada, Newcastle, and other universal brands)
- NO Cover (and not a line in sight.... at least the 3 times in 4 nights that we ended up here)
- Great live music..... all types of music on any given night. One of the notables from our time there was a band called Another Day In Paradise. Solid sax/horn work, sirs. 
Divey feel to the bar, although it's not often that you have tens of people dancing in front of the bar at a dive. I recommend a stop here while on Frenchmen Street... if someone is playing... or if you are hungry for a quick fix.What's not to like?
Funky bands, no cover, decent al pastor options (they call it pineapple pork here) for the fooding if you are having a bit of trouble standing and talking at the same time. 
Another excellent option in the Marigny, certainly worth a stop if you like what you hear.We really enjoyed Cafe Negril!  The music was great and started early. Fun atmosphere and great staff.My friend has a huge crush on John Lisi, so we always go to catch him & his band when we're in town. She doesn't have to drag me, though, because his band is great. On our last visit, we looked up & realized we'd been there for nearly 3 hours.  Time just flew. The staff is very nice & treat customers as if they're valued (what a concept!). Having some bad memories of bar food from my college days, I never tried their food (may do it now that I've read some of the reviews, though). Recommended.Good funk band the other night, big space.Fun, friendly bar that serves amazing ( and affordable ) Mexican food in the back. I had the chicken tacos, with fresh guacamole. Hands down, best tacos I've had ( hot, juicy, full of flavor ) and the order was ready in just a few minutes. The bartender ( I should have gotten her name ), was really cool, always smiling, & quick to make sure that everyone was taken care of ( no one had to wait around or flag her down ). The band playing that night was Twisted Dixie. They play a mix of modern jazz & old school classics, R&B, and funk. These guys are super talented musicians & the front man of the band is high energy & comedic too, which made it even more fun. It gets crowded because it's a popular hot spot, so if you get really late at night, you may have trouble squeezing in. If you get in, you'll never forget this place. Good times!Live music venu on Frenchman St with a kitchen in the back.  I caught the act prior to the reggae band on Saturday and they were very good.  The place is primarily standing with a few seats and tables in the corners.  The lay out of the place makes for little room to see stage well, which is the only downside.
The taco truck sets up in the back, with Tacos, Burritos, and Gorditas with either chicken, beef, or pineapple pork.Really fun, large bar on Frenchmen with lots of locals and good, diverse music. Bottled beers are pretty cheap and plenty of space for dancing. 
A big bonus here is the delicious fish tacos... MmmmCheap drinks and great entertainment! If you're visiting New Orleans, make your way to Frenchmen Street for some damn good music!Came by while walking in Frenchman. What awesome raggea and so engaging artists on July 31, 2012. Love it. A must go place when in NOLA.Smoke free. No cover charge. Enjoyed listening to a female vocalist and a Reggae band. 
Enjoyed this late at night on a Friday.We had originally been looking for the House of Blues and found out from a local it was closed on Monday nights. He told us we needed to head to Frenchman and check out where the 'locals go' so we took his advice, jumped in a taxi and headed over. Cafe Negril was the first bar we went into and we stayed the rest of the night. Great live music - it seemed like there were just musicians walking into the bar and heading to the stage to jam with the band. Skip Bourbon Street and head over the Frenchman, you'll get a taste of real New Orleans culture, great music, and friendly locals. There were several bars on this street that were all playing live music so make sure you take the time to check out a few others, I will next time!No cover, easy bathroom access, and late night food make Cafe Negril a winner not as a Frenchmen Street destination, but as a quick walk-in stop to recharge.
Cafe Negril is a reggae club, even though the musical offerings sometimes vary. There's still a giant mural of Bob Marley on the wall over the stage. Unfortunately, the music has always been middling at best. Still, it draws big crowds.
* Bartender gave me my non-alcoholic drinks for free *This place is a must! Great experience while in New Orleans to celebrate our friends' wedding. From the hopping fun atmosphere complete with great drinks, food, awesome live music to the hip staff, EVERYONE at Cafe Negril made sure we had a blast. Definitely will go back!Loved this place for live music. The bartender was friendly and the drinks came quickly. We didn't try the food but there were lots of people coming in just for takeout so that's got to mean something, right?! There's space for a dance floor and the bar area did get a little crowded as the night went on. I recommend getting there on the early side if you want to get a seat.When in Frenchmen, don't miss to check out Cafe Negril. Great place to be with no cover charge, BarTenders are friendly. The hip crowd that will spice up more the night out, the live band that usually play cool music that entices everyone to dance and have fun. When in Cafe Negril you are in the right place. I will recommend visiting this bar, will surely make a difference in your time in Nola.Good place to have a drink and enjoy some funky live music. They mix the drinks well, if maybe a little too strong.The live music at this spot is hit or miss and it is full of smokers. You will leave smelling like an ashtray. The stage is small and you pretty much have to either sit at the bar or stand in front of it if you care about seeing the musicians play. Kind of dive-ish. Did not try the food so I can't speak to that. No cover is a plus. Music there is decent, but this would not be my first choice.Fun enough with different music styles depending on when you go. Can get crowded...just like everywhere else in New Orleans.Awesome atmosphere here, the music is great drinks are cheap and there are greasy late night food options steps away from the stage and bar. There were a few scatter high top tables for people to sit during the show which is a nice option for people who can't stand or who want to avoid the crowds.Cafe Negril is a fantastic night spot for drinks and live music. There was no cover,  just a one drink minimum. Even when the bar was pretty crowded it did not take long to get a drink. We had a blast drinking and dancing the night away with a fun group of people. We saw Noggin and In Business and both were fantastic. In Business was the closing group and they kept everyone on their feet having a great time!After leaving d.b.a and feeling a bit tipsy, a local ushered me to Cafe Negril. Although I'm no longer big on cheese, I needed something safe to soak up my vodka. Their chicken quesadilla to the rescue. The guacamole was tasty too, although it didn't hold up for my midnight snack the following evening. I sat and ate half of my dilla, listened to some tunes, and watched some girls play with hoola hoops like they owned them. Not bad.We stopped in here while waiting for another venue and enjoyed the stop. It feels more like a dive bar than some other venues on Frenchmen Street (which I say with love). It's a pretty intimate setting; there didn't seem to be a whole lot of seating, so if there's a band you really want to see, show up early.
Drinks were well priced and were reasonable pours.Cafe Negril could be my favorite spot on Frenchmen. Friday night never disappoints with live reggae. Drinks are decent, the place can get incredibly packed and there's usually no cover charge. Somehow, time slips away when at Cafe Negril!Didn't eat here but the drinks were cheap and the ambiance was more than amazing. Open mic night was AMAZING! Such great talent and was the best way to end my trip to New Orleans glad I ran into this placeThe best burrito I have ever tasted. And live reggae and no nonsense bartenders. What more could you ask?Great reggae music and jams that sound like riffs of the Cosby Show theme song. How can you go wrong?This is a lively place to catch some music on Frenchmen Street that had enough of a croud that you could dance without feeling like people are staring at you, but not so packed that you were itching to get out. Course it's a Thursday night, and I imagine on the weekend this place gets even more likely.Excellent spot to see one of the many talented bands that come out and play on Frenchman Street. Didn't have any snacks... the rating is for venue sound (great), crowd, service and the band I saw.No cover, great live music, and you have pricey, but at least available drunken tacos to order? Why do these types of places not exist everywhere??
It is places like this, with their dark interior and stage to feature different New Orleans style live music that make New Orleans what it is. A no frills spot to bring people together, to dance and drink the night away, and if you need that extra taco to keep you going, yup, this place will take care of that too. We had a blast here listening to music and hanging out with our friends, and it definitely gets packed. But with no cover, you can go and come back as you please across the night, which I find just simply divine :-) 
The bar tenders are often swamped here, but they make drinks really strong, so at least even if you have to wait, you know you will get a nice, strong drink in the end. Did we get a taco? Nope, we were actually full. But they actually looked okay for it being a really kind of weird looking taco shop in the back of this venue, but hey it works!Great late night entertainment and late night tacos! It was packed but If you make your way to the back you will be surprised by some pretty awesome late night food.The music is always solid though It tends to be more on the jam-band side. The drinks are reasonably priced and the "food truck" is not so much a food truck as it is a kitchen in the back. The food is SO dope. Tacos, Gorditas, and Burritos are what they serve back there and everything is delicious! That food will really save your butt if you're going out hard on frenchmen!Opened by the same owner of Spotted Cat. This place was a bit more crowded and rowdy, but the music was still excellent. The bar has a bigger drink selection, and there is a small cafe in the back for food. I had the pork pineapple tacos which were delicious and tasty to go along with my beer and live music.Your New Orleans experience is not complete without some fine reggae stylings and local jazz, easily found at Cafe Negril. This music club has no cover, is spacious, serves solid drinks AND houses a most convenient and delicious taco establishment in the rear. Why would you ever need anything else...Here tonight  8/27 fri/sat night. Visiting from Seattle. .the band is the bomb the long hair bar tender is a real@#! $*.she's is in the wrong job. She can ruin a person's good time out.  Dump her! !!!We stopped in here to grab a bite before a parade. We weren't expecting much because this has a very dive-y feel, and I've found tacos outside of California leave much to be desired...but I was pleasantly surprised. I'm still dreaming of those catfish tacos. The drinks are heavily poured, and they had live music, but we didn't stay for it. Next time I'm in town, I'll definitely be back!Great music, the band played more retro songs. They have a pretty good food section, mainly tacos and sandwiches. Had the catfish tacos; they were pretty good cool place. Not very busy on a Wednesday.The drinks here were strong, but still fairly priced.  The crowd is mixed because some are dressed casually or dressy casual, so take your pick and you'll fit right in either way.  
 I love how this place has a TV so you can watch the band of the evening.  Something not all bars have.Frenchman Street clubs are cool. This one is a fun place to stop in, We saw several good bands here, that played some good, danceable music. There was no cover and we had a nice time.I headed to Cafe Negril on a Sunday night while visiting Nola on a  friend's bachelor  party trip weekend.  It was the highlight of our weekend!  The happening atmosphere and live music, were off the charts with energy!  Only to top that, was the Sosebee brothers bar tending!  High energy, good jokes, and stiff drinks, all night long!  I don't come to Nola much, but I'll definitely be returning here on a Sunday night when in town next time!!!!I recently came here on a girls trip to New Orleans, it was our last night and wanted to take a trip down Frenchman Street after our hotel bartender advised us this is the place where the locals hang out. Wow it was a bit different, lots of different crowds from hipsters to older people who likes to hear jazz, soul, and blues. We decided to give this place a try. For the size this place is why is there not enough tables and chairs for guests to sit at? For that reason is why I'm giving it four stars. Band was great they will take your requests if you tip them. Drinks are cheap and small. Wells are $4. There was only one bartender how is that possible especially if you have visitors from all over? I just found that weird, you definitely have to raise your hand and track her down. I did enjoy it overall, it's very different in a good way. Friendly atmosphere also!This place is awesome! My family and I were in New Orleans celebrating 2 birthdays. We stumbled upon this gem late one night. The music was great and the food was delicious! Definitely worth a visit!!I only stop in here on occasion, because my fella knows the people who work here. The staff is all cool. The vibe is just weird. It's like whoever started the place was trying too hard to make it a rasta's dream hang out. It's just cheesy. I like good reggae, & may I emphasize GOOD. Last band playing was OK, not great.I can not believe the audacity of this bar. I live in this City and come to Frenchmen every weekend. I went in, purchased food, and was denied water. The pregnant girl behind the bar literally denied me water. Not only denied me but proceeded to tell me there was a sign on the door that said "one drink minimum"... I guess for water? So I asked ok, if I buy a beer, can I get FREE water? She told me NO. By the way, there's no sign on the door. Meanwhile, Bamboulas gave me 6 glasses of free water. Pretty sure it is illegal to deny a human water. This is absurd. She proceeded to call me a cheap bitch when I said I don't want a $3 water. Please avoid this place at all costs. I will be reporting cafe negril and the lovely pregnant lady behind the bar first thing tomorrow morning. Love me Ms. Wanda though!My wife and I ordered pizza here last Saturday and got severe food poisoning. Avoid it like the plague!!!!!Funky little spot where I went to hear my dads band play! Didn't realize they had food but was really happy that I decided to order. SO GOOD!! Island/Hispanic/Nola style food that's so good and cooked when it's ordered. They also have pizza! Has nice relaxed vibe and is pretty spacious :) I definitely recommend coming here for good and music if you find yourself on Frenchman Street :)Awesome!!! I saw the danaabbott band playing here on a Saturday night, and to get the best out of this place I imagine that's the one to go. Her band put on a killer show, no cover to get in and the foooooodd!!!! Go to the back and order yourself a quesarita!!! The place itself is not huge and spacious but there is usually extra space in the back and front, crowd was friendly as well.A local recommended this place to us. What a gem! Shrimp tacos were AMAZING. Cool atmosphere and great music. Would definitely go back. Some of the best food we had in NOLA.Stopped in Cafe Negril as we made an evening tour of Frenchmen Street.
Dance floor, great live band & was pretty easy to find a seat.
The crowd wasn't as rowdy as some of the other bars, but it was definitely a great environment to sit back and take in some local tunes.They had a great band playing. And after a little while we had tacos and pizza at the same place. Good place if you need to refuel with a small bite.Jamey St Pierre & the Honeycreepers. This band was amazing!!!! If they're playing, it's worth the stay.Best tacos ever! Stumbled in to Café Negril late night after a concert. All I wanted was tacos. We got three crawfish tacos, and a sampler plate of pork, chicken and shrimp. I will be dreaming about those tacos! 
The band was amazing and I wiggled my buns off all night. This place is a must seeGreat late night stop for music, some lite-bites & a lil sippy sippy on the bubbly.  
I had the pleasure of most recently stopping in for a spell after a music concert.  The live band that was on stage was quite lively & apparently the crowd was feeling the music or maybe the booze because there was a whole lot of dancing going on.  
The food counter is just beyond the bar & appropriately so.  
I like the high bars & the other table & chair set up; it provides for a more concert like setting.  Grab a bite & take a load off.  It's truly hard to balance a drink & eat food all while liquored up.  
No cover, which is always a plus & definitely a draw.  
Unfortunately, I can't comment on the food as I only had drinks on this visit, but I plan to go back, maybe a different band, more dancing & food to boot.If you wanna get a taste of authentic New Orleans grab a drink at Cafe Negril. They have it all! Cafe Negril has a wide selection of alcoholic beverages and great selections of munchies!  To top it all, the live music kept  the jolly party vibe on and on until sunrise. Will definitely visit again when I'm in town.Don't know anything about the food but the bar is awesome. Great bands and no cover. Great local beers.  Try the NOLA Blonde Ale. Bartenders are great and tend to everyone. Don't like the hipster lames at the Spotted Cat, come party with some REAL peeps!I don't know anything about this place other than their tacos are delicious. I was looking for a bite to eat and everything was closed. I saw signs for food on the door and luckily I did because I ended up having some of the best fish tacos ever. I live in Los Angeles and have access to some wonderful Mexican food... but I can honestly say these were some of the best fish tacos I've ever had! The picture looks ok but I promise you it was good.Excellent night spot on Frenchman street. Stumbled upon it as a visitor on Friday night and it had a live Reggae band. Relaxing music and covers for famous recognizable songs. Great crowd of young local people with an unpretentious atmosphere. 
Taco Truck kitchen has superb Burrito. I actually ordered a pork, but got a chicken. Didn't mind because it still tasted great.There aren't a lot of favorite places in life, but seriously, this is one of my favorite places to be, anywhere. If I were visiting New Orleans again, I'd def. go.One of the few places on Frenchman street that do not require a cover and always has amazing live music and affordable drinks. There are not too many places to sit so standing is a must. Very laid back atmosphere, dance if you want or relax if you want to. Great mixed crowd!The first time I found this place was during the first weekend of Jazz Fest this year and Charlie Musselwhite packed the place late into the night. We were here this time on a Tuesday night and while tamer, the music was still great. Not as hip of an ambiance as say BMC or d.b.a but I really like the vibe and the music usually dictates whether or not I will come in or not anyway.  Who needs Bourbon street when you have places like this in the Frenchmen/Marigny area. Love it!A great spot on Frenchmen Street with great live music.  Had a good time enjoying a few drinks here, and I had a great time trying the food and enjoying live music at this establishment. 
There's a great vibe here, with a lively crowd and great energy.  One of the better places on Frenchmen Street and recommended.  The tacos weren't as good as the drinks, but both were above average.thank you, cafe negril, for making my saturday night crunk.  *smooches*  i'll see you soon!We arrived here at about 10 on a Friday night, lured in by the blues we could hear out on the street and the colorful lights inside.  Grabbed a spot right at the bar directly facing the musicians.  Began to sip a beer (bottles only, plus mixed drinks) and then noticed... that guy is playing a bass guitar with his toes and a regular guitar with his hands.... and wait... there is another guitar on his shoulder.... which, shit!.... he plays with his other hand sometimes, too.  THREE GUITARS!  He plays THREE GUITARS at once!
I realize that is a review for Cafe Negril, not that guy.  But it set the mood perfectly.  It was intimate, fun, with lots of interaction with the band (3-guitar guy plus two awesome drummers who also interacted with us a lot).  People kept pouring in, and eventually there was dancing.  Music was excellent; really lively blues with a sense of humor and plenty of soul.  Staff were friendly, 99 out of the 100 patrons were not pretentious (oh, I could tell a story about Bud Light Guy), and we just kicked back and had a good time.
I think you'd have to try to not have fun here.  We left grinning and happy for the walk back to the hotel.They have some good Latin and Caribbean food here along a few random food items like pizza thrown in.  Live music and no cover charge usually makes this a main stop on any tour of Frenchmen Street.  They have more expensive drinks than DBA or Blue Nile so I guess they incorporate a cover charge with their increased drink prices.  There is generally a good crowd here with an energetic vibe so a fun spot to check out typically.Found this place as we were walking on Frenchmen Street.  Great music pulled us in. It was really crowded but we managed to get a couple of stools at the bar. Had a few beers and met some fun people. The band was amazing! Will definitely return.Great atmosphere to chill amd listen to love music. There is a mexican kitchen to get food too. Salmon taco bowl is awesome!!
Friendly ppl. 
Need some more chairs but then space to dance.Oh man what a good place to be on a New Orleans muggy humid summer night. 
I was told to skip French Quarter and Bourbon street and head over to Frenchman Street to get a taste of the local music scene. I willingly lost 3 hours of my life listening to people jam on stage. I was in shock how good music sounds in NOLA. It was a night were people would come in and sign up on a roster later they would be called up to join the band in whichever musical instrument they played. There was a shy looking scrawny dude that was killer on the drums, then some chubby balding man who looked like a California Tech nerd came up, when this dude began to sing, the whole place went nuts because this average looking fellow had the depth of a voice which would blow Joe Cocker out of the water. This place was packed with talent. 
Meanwhile I was sipping away one brew after another. The bartender was awesome. The crowd was chill. Don't get me wrong this is not your average hipster dive nor is this the place to be scene (if you know what I mean) however, oh man was the the music loud and sweet. 
Some asian man was siting next to me the entire night indulging in the music, finally it was his turn, oh lord was he good on the guitar. A lady next to me told me that he is one of the three legendary Japanese guitarists who moved from Tokyo to NOLA to part take in the music culture. Then  these African American fellows pulled up and started to hit the harmonica so well it made my jaw drop. Wow I guess enough said hu?
Oh and the food was great too. This place is also know for good Mexican food. All night long people would be coming in and out taking burrito and taco orders togo and while all this is going on there is a huge mural of Bob Marley behind the stage watching over the crowd. 
This place is great.Great music tonight. We stopped in early (~6:30 pm). Two hours later.... I see no reason to leave.Had so much fun with my friends. The live band played reggae music and they performed so well! The place started filling up with party people and everyone enjoyed and drank and danced the night away!The band that played here last night was amazing. Everyone had a great time hearing them play. Their jazz/swinging style and presence was captivating.After a night of drinks and jazz, my friends and I needed something to eat and my friend suggested the Tacos at Cafe Negril. Thank God for those tacos. They are 2 for $5 and there is beef, pineapple pork and chicken. We ordered 3 beef and 5 pork. I definitely preferred the pork as the beef was a tad dry. And boy are the tacos spicy! But as someone who is does not handle spicy too well, I was okay. And besides, the pineapple pork tacos were so good that I could not put it down.I freaking loved Cafe Negril. It's a cool laid back club where we went to hear some reggae music played live by Higher Heights Band. They sing and put their own spin on some old reggae and hip hop songs. We jammed all night here. This place gets packed so if your in front and you like it there stay there cause you probably won't be able to get back up there. Seating is VERY limited, it's mostly a stand up kind of club but there are some seats. They have a bar of course and they sell food. We ate a few tacos, don't really remember what else they had to offer, you know tacos are one of the best drunk foods so we were happy lol.  You can actually find the band on YouTube, I found myself dancing on stage in one of their videos, what a funny surprise that was. Reggae on weekends, no cover, good times,go check it out!fun place on Frenchman st.  live music. mixed crowd. good for dancing.I'm ready to go full on Rasta, mon. These fellas so damn friendly. And they sure know how to have fun - if you know what I mean. I probably couldn't pull of the dreads, tho...
We stumbled in here and the place was packed. A giant, colorful mural of Bob Marley set the backdrop for the stage. There was live upbeat calypso and mixed in with the slow reggae, perfect for that sexy "dutty wining."
Bartenders were fast. There wasn't a cover. Restrooms were kinda icky, but what more can you expect from a dive hangout like this? Dunno what was cookin' in the kitchen, but it smelt perfect for the munchies. Had I had 'em.This place is one of my favorite places in NOLA, the atmosphere is great the live bands where awesome. An the food was great for a bar. I recommend this place if you are traveling to New Orleans.Amazing bar for listening love jazz and open live for amateur. 
Just a fantastic Monday nightWanna have a great night listening to some funky jazz music ?! Don t hesitate any further, this is the place you need ! Was there on a Monday and had an amazing time !Fun noisy bar where I am a regurlar. Seldom a cover. Always a great band ranging from blues to reggae and everything inbetweenGreat band, great drink prices.
When we came in it was fairly empty but the crowd gradually filled in. A rock band was playing, switching up the jazz vibe. The bartenders are quick, the art throughout the place is pretty cool. If you come during live music try to bring some cash because they accept tips, and jokingly (half) ask for them.No cover. +
No line. +
Live band. +
Music wasn't special. But they do serve food in there. Nice place to chill for a bit. Not particularly exciting.Had an amazing time tonight! No cover fee, great-sounding reggae band playing Bob Marley's and Alicia Keyes' hits (Higher Heights), good bar service (albeit sort of overpriced, but it's the French quarter!), great Quesadillas, absolutely friendly atmosphere! Definitely going back!Good music; atmosphere good; ****bartender was very mediocre and not very pleasant****  AND THAT MAKES A DIFFERENCE!!!  Would have been 4 stars, otherwise! :(Came in here because it was serving food at 1am. Pineapple pork tacos were delicious! Huge! Friendly staff too.The biggest jerk I've met in New Orleans runs the food counter. They ran out of what I wanted to order so I asked for a recommendation. The guy couldn't be bothered to answer a simple question. Too forever to even place an order and when it finally arrived they didn't give me what I ordered. What did I get? More rudeness. If the place wasn't on Frenchman Street I don't think they'd get any business. People in New Orleans are friendly. This was the opposite of that. Very disappointed.Away from the tourist that do not like to venture out.. away from the tourist traps of bourbon st. 
We spend most time at this bar while in #NOLA. The place has such a  great vibe, the patrons that visit the location are locals that enjoy good music and live shows.
Seems like every bar in NOLA is the same, live jazz bands and BYOD (bring your own drinks) but this one stood out to us NYkers.  On day one we had Reggae, day two some jazz fusion hat kept the crowd entertained and day 3 was local jazz. 
They have a food court  that sells tacos and tamales and quesadillas that i must say are pretty damn good. The pork pineapple is just tacos al pastor but their rendition is actually very decent, except the people cooking/serving are rude.
NO cover, They ID and you will enjoy the beer selection.
When in nola go to Cafe Negril.The one star is for the band alone.. Whichever band was playing tonight was very very rude. The music was great but they were very rude.   Literally between every single song they were forcing you to tip them or they would stop playing.   Didn't appreciate the abrasiveness.  Left at least 15 to 20 minute intervals without any music at all.An incredible atmosphere just off bourbon. Skip the puking college kids and jacked up prices and come for the authentic New Orleans experience. Great food music and drinksAmazing amazing place...they serve u food even at midnight,and the lady behind the counter takes care of one order at a time...we were super hungry after new years eve and couldnt find food anywhere else but here...and they have the best veggie food...I bought 4 drinks for $24 and the bartender wouldn't let me get a tap water. No good.  I've never been anywhere they denied a glass of water.  I even tipped her 20%. Not a good business practice. This was my favorite bar on Frenchmen before this happened.A dive bar that actually has good music, is it possible? Apparently so on Frenchmen Street.  Luckily if you don't like the musical selection at one place there are 10 more within a very short walk.  For tourists the Marginy area is a nice respite from the activity of the quarter while giving you a feel for the local nightlife.I seriously LOVE this bar!  The bartenders are friendly and quick, the chef, bless his heart, dancing to the music and meeting everyone around, everyone here is in such a fantastic mood!  It's no doubt all the great music being played by live bands nightly!
30's & 40's jazz, blues, reggae, all sorts of seriously amazing musicians come in and play for you to dance to.  It's such a great vibe, Bob Marley mural on the wall and columns turned palm trees with Christmas lights on them, i'm just sayin... you can't get any better than that!
The kitchen serves general new Orleans food: red beans & rice, chicken & beef burgers, etc.  Nothing vegetarian, tho... what was i thinking! even their beans & rice have pork in it, hehe
Gotta try a shot of Absolut New Orleans chilled, $6
mango & pepper flavored vodka, it's the best!  and what a tribute to one of the most flavorful city in the US!
P.S. SERIOUSLY DO NOT HAVE THE $1 CHERRY BOMB SHOTS.  SERIOUSLY.  Do you like the taste of lighter fluid?  seriously.Really enjoyed a early Saturday night listening to the local jazz bands. Beers were reasonable, $5 a piece. Bathroom was decent, only downside was ordering tamales from the "grill" in the rear of the bar. Although tasty "4" tamales were really one tamale with 4 lumps of meat.  Had we of known we'd of ordered something different as we were wanting a good appetizer not just a teaser.Really fun spot that always has a cool band on stage and a lot of people dancing.
Cafe Negril isn't as big as some of the other music venues on Frenchmen St, but it's still really cool. It gets full pretty quick, so a lot of the time you just end up dancing with a bunch of strangers and it's a lot of fun. They have a lot of reggae bands that play here. I don't think that's all that plays here, but it's what has been on stage the last few times I have been here.
I'd go back. Worth checking out, but probably not worth going out of your way.Came to this area at a recommendation of one of the locals. She advised that if we wanted to get away from the craziness of Bourbon St., this was the area to be in. 
Walked in because we heard great music coming from inside. There was a live band playing in a small bar. It was narrow so when people wanted to dance in front of the band, it crowded the area so it was a little hard to walk in. The music was really good and beers decently priced.
There is also food sold in the back and based on the smell and number of people ordering, it looked to be pretty good. I really wanted to try something but was still pretty full from dinner.just returned from a SUPER fun evening at cafe negril.  awesome reggae band + no cover + dancing like a cramped sardine avec mes amis = happy kw
strong drinks, eclectic crowd, somewhat smoky (but not overwhelmingly so).Simple Cajun and Creole food - like the Cajun fish tacos.  Great music (Jazz, Blues, Reggae).  On Frenchman Street, THE place to go for a local flavor and great music and food.  Go here instead of touristy Bourbon Street.  More of a real New Orleans feel that the locals like.No cover and great reggae music! (Friday night).  They sell Mexican food (tacos, burritos, etc) in the back. Wasn't that hungry, so didn't try the food.Great fun here, great music and we really liked the Food at the Taco Bar, it was made to order, very tasty, fresh and we really enjoyed everything we ate there and prices were reasonable for the food. Definitely recommend.Great live band and cheap drinks. Awesome people-watching too. Tip the bands!!!Jammin music, great vibes, aaaaaaaand I would recommend the crawfish tacos  I "accidentally" added some of their BBQ sauce and it blew my mindBest kept secret in NOLA are the tacos!! Best food I've had to date in New Orleans and you can't even find it on Google.So my friends and I loved this place! We had great drinks and everyone was so friendly! The reggae band was amazing! We had soo much fun dancing! I accidently left my bag of local artwork I bought across the street. I was so so so sad when I found out I had left them. We came back a couple days later, and Adrian the Bartender saved them for me!!!  I am so delighted by their kindness and consideration! Thank you Adrian!!I came here for live music on a Saturday night and get away from the rowdy crowds of Bourbon street. This place had a good vibe and good music. I enjoyed my time in here.Okay.  There have been some remarkable improvements at this joint since last Spring.  New floors, lighting, and some better drainage out front.  The stagnant water still smells funky, but they're working on it.  My major gripe is the volume of the "music" pouring out into the street.  If they got a sound guy to regulate the musicians, the bartenders and the customers might not have tinnitus after a visit.  My last review gave them only one star.  Fix the smell and noise and they'll get 5 stars.  The food and drinks are great!!Live music is dope and the tacos are so damn good. Come out enjoy the music and eat some good food in a laid back chill environment.This is a review of the "Taco Truck" only: delicious! What a surprise to find authentic tacos in a Jamaican-themed bar on Frenchman. They keep late hours which works out great for taco fiends like ourselves. If we had a complaint it's that they're soupy and really need two tortillas but we'll take soupy any day over dry or none at all.Any place with a Bob Marley mural is a place I wanna be. This is a place on Frenchman Street where you can stay put or club hop and have fun. We listened to a set and enjoyed the vibe. They have food, a full service bar and love music. They're versatile in the music it's not a club for reggae lovers only. Everyone is welcomed in Cafe Negril.Great bar, great bands. There's lots of space in here unlike some of the other bars so you actually have space to dance.
Drinks were a little pricey. The food in there looked cheap and amazing.It was a Saturday night and I had my dancing shoes on. While walking around Frenchmen, I heard reggae music coming from within Cafe Negril. No cover charge. Cool!
After the bouncer checked my ID and let me in, the first thing I noticed was a small-ish place with a giant Bob Marley quote on the wall. There was a sea of bodies just swaying along to the reggae band playing "Move Ya Body." It was a really lively scene, one that I readily joined in. Within a few minutes, I was dancing with a local (who very kindly provided me with water) then a group of young people from New York. At one point, they chose random guys and girls and brought them to the stage for a dance off. While fun, this move just seemed to scream, for lack of a better word, "Bourbon Street" to me, which can be tons of fun, but just not what I was looking for.
While it was a fun scene, it just felt like it was lacking that certain je ne sais quoi of other Frenchmen joints. Will I come back? I wouldn't say no, but Cafe Negril is not a place that would readily jump into my mind when Frenchmen is mentioned. Still worth checking out if you're into the frat boys/sorority girls scene, though.Last Night I spent my birthday there at cafe negril , and higher heights was playing. If your into reggae ? Then I truly recommend going there for any live music. They were awesome very talented group.  Positive vibes we loved cafe negril. I wish I had a chance to bring home one of their shirts.Another larger spot along Frenchmen. Plenty of space in both the back and the front. A stage off to the side. A band playing catchy tunes that you can't help but move to. Cheap drinks....And food! A whole slew of Mexican options in the back, along with pizza (because pizza is everywhere at all times). 
The drinks were strong and cheap. The music good. I didn't try any food but they had something that was a quesadilla and burrito rolled into one. Next time I'm in NOLA, I'll grab me one of those.Live music and late night feed. Al pastor tacos were great enough to get a second order.The catfish tacos here brought me back to life at 1 am. So damn good. I was in heaven during the 10 minutes it took to gobble up those three tacos (3 for $12 btw). 
On to the actual music/venue: No cover. Chill place. Good vibes. The music was excellent the two nights we came in here. 
Definitely check this place out if you're on Frenchmen!We came by this place after hitting up a few of the Jazz bars on Frenchmen street, it was the right place to finish up the night. The combination of dancing, live music, and food truck like food right inside the bar (totally awesome) hit the spot. Sadly, someone from our group got their phone and wallet stolen right out of their purse they had on them the whole night. WATCH YOUR BELONGINGS. New Orleans PD told us this is extremely common, if you carry a purse think about flipping it so it's not as easy to open. Better off keeping your valuables in your front pockets or  bra. Apart from the assholes who were going around pick pocketing, most people there were wicked friendly and fun.Great staff and dope bands. Truly helped make our trip memorable. Thanks, guys! Love from Brooklyn.Drunk Latin food while you watch bands. I'd say win win. Had the chalupa and the quesadilla. Chalupa better but both great.Tacos, Tacos, Gorditas!!!
That's what I ordered last time.  Yummy!  This is the best place to eat on Frenchman, late night.  They have little tables around poles and you can listen to the awesome reggae music and then after you've digested you should get up and dance.
Cash only!! Try the salsas in the squeeze bottles.A great bar to go to for an older crowd, no cover, and live reggae music. The musicians didn't appear to be as musically put together as perhaps other bands on Frenchman Street, but the music is fun nonetheless.Another chill awesome place on Frenchmen street!  We only got a drink and a beer but the bartender was nice.  They have a grill or something that sells tacos to the right.
The music, even on a Monday night was awesome!!Great spot. Smoke free and excellent live music. It's open pretty late on weekends.
There was no cover charge. The crowd was mixed with locals and tourists alike. It's a great place if you enjoy live music. It has consistently been a go to place for good music and patrons who are over 25.Great stage setting and lights. We ordered taco from the grill at the back and sip licks beer.Right in the middle of wonderful Frenchman St., (the more civilized but still lively alternative to crazy but fun Bourbon St. here in New Orleans) this fun little spot for great New Orleans music was a blast and even the food was pretty good for a bar!  
Worth a stop in when you're looking for intimate fun and music!Very fun place to go. No COVER!
Lots of dancing, big and spacious. Lots of room for you to sweat it out like I did.
Compared to the other bars right next door , you won't get your feet stomped on.
Check this out!!! 
Good crowd, great music, cheap drinks and a taco bar open late!!!my favorite bar/club on frenchmen street. the Honduran folks in the back cooking up fabulous food. free music. perfect alcoholic prices. $10 minimum. i love this bar. probably my favorite bar in new orleans.Love the cooked oysters!  The fish of the day is also amazing.  Not a wallet breaker, and worth the visit!Popped into Cafe Negil randomly to get a beer since the rest of Frenchman street was  packed.  Great live music.  Nothing fancy but we loved the band that was playing.  a few high tables with seats along with seats at the bar.This place was great!  Smoke free, no cover, friendly crowd, and awesome live reggae that makes you wanna dance.  If I ever find myself back in NOLA, I'd definitely stop back here again.No
Cover
Live music
With drunk tacos
Is a dangerous way to live one's life.This review is on the "taco truck" in the back of the bar. They have a small menu of tacos, burritos, quesedillas and possibly 1 or 2 other items. I've only tried the burritos, and the chicken, beef, and pineapple pork. Honestly, the pineapple pork burrito is one of the best i've had. the others are really good, but the pineapple pork is off the hook! it's chunks of fresh pineapple and pork cooked together with a blend of spices. and they use shredded mozzerella in the burrito that makes it even better! They had live music in the bar and the bar itself is ok, but i don't really remember the atmosphere in there cuz i was in a zone eating the delicious burrito. It's also huge and moderately priced ($6 or $7 for 1). will always be back there, especially after i knock down a bunch of drinks...My sister and I had the absolute best time at Cafe  Negril yesterday afternoon. I went in not expecting much but the bartender promptly exceeded my expectations. He made us some delicious shots and had us all laughing! I will definitely be back and will be highly recommending this bar to friends!!! Thanks again for a great afternoon!Recently returned to Cafe Negril for my needed dose of live reggae, only to be sadly disappointed. Usually, Higher Heights puts on an amazing show but this time the format changed completely. I don't know if it was a permanent switch but the group played a lot more contemporary/pop reggae mash-ups and stopped entirely too much for mini dance-offs by patrons (which usually isn't bad when done sparingly). Completely changed the vibe and wound up leaving after just an hour (usually we'd stay to the wee end, lol). Pretty disappointing since Higher Heights is pretty amazing.What drew us in was the music! Blues, soul, straight-ahead, in a very unpretentious bar with some pretty darn good tacos and inexpensive Abitas...hard to beat. Plus the music starts early so this was our first or second stop of the evening. Don't miss it. Be aware that no one will come around to wipe off your table. There's a towel dispenser on the wall that basically says, do it your own damn self. Oh, and it's for your hands too since there are no towels in the restrooms. So eh, learn the system and deal.  The music is why you came.Live experience. Met some really groovy people there... Our second experience there wasn't as fun as the first tho so we ended up leaving early for another spot.Was at Cafe Negril on July 21, 2017 and it was absolutely amazing! The vibe in the air was magnetic and everyone was grooving to the sounds of Bob Marley's hits along with current popular music. The band is off the hook. I could have rocked out there all night!!We stopped here our last night in NOLA and this turned out to be our best night! What a way to end a vacation, we say Dominick Grillo and his band Wow did they put on a show! At one point it had to be a 10 horn section of his friends that just stopped in playing in the crowd. What a jam session! Me and my wife had so much fun! Plus we got photo bomb. Cafe Negril is the best club on Frenchman check it out you won't be disappointed.The least friendly bartender we've encountered so far in NOLA. The place is run-down and falling apart and slightly dirty, which in a way just adds to the charm if what it is. The taco stand was a great surprise, of course we tried the pineapple pork, which was fresh, tasty and spicy. The band got a late start, so we enjoyed a solo classical guitarist for a while. When the band finally started, they played a swingy/funk jazz style, which was good, but we'd been hoping for reggae at a place named Negril!  But the band was talented, nonetheless!  I liked that the crowd was older and more laid back.Friday Night Reggae!
Great place to go with friends.
Don't worry about finding a chair 
get on the dance floor, throw your arms in the air and
dance! dance!dance!  the whole night.This was a stop-in with my friends towards the end of the night for us. We were here mostly for getting some tacos and maybe another drink. 
I was fine with there not being that many people in here around 2amish, but I couldn't get into the bad 90s cover band that was playing. I was told that isn't normal, but it was a pretty big departure from the last place we were at. 
The tacos were decent. They ended up falling apart on me and were decent. At least they were cheap, but all they really served for me was just some food in my stomach. 
I would give this another try the next time I'm down in NO. I'm willing to have an improved experience (that and I'm also likely to come down to frenchmen again), but this was pretty meh for me.Being that I just moved here about a month ago and have yet to write a review, let me begin my New Orleans yelping career with cafe Negril. 
Tue music is consistently very good to great. I get the feeling that this is a common theme on Frenchmen st. As a whole, though. That said, the Honduran kitchen in the back is awesome. Seriously, I go here to eat as much as the music. The gorditas are my personal favorite, basically a torta. And get the pineapple pork, you'll thank me.live reggae, good vibes, good music!!
only down side is it can get a biiiiit packed in here!! other than that i had a really good time!!Good energetic music, fun crowd. They were playing contemporary music like no scrub and mind control.Alyssa and Julian are the best bartenders in the city! I danced ass of to soul project...will be back!!!Bar crawled almost every corner (85% C.I. on this statement, considering the massive amount of bars in the New Orleans areA) of the bourbon and Frenchmen area during my conference stay here. This is by far the best, awesome ambience and fantastic music, and no cover fees?! I kept coming back. I hope they have something like this in Seattle. Couldn't get enough fun times and glimpse of talented souls through guitar strings and drums.I'm a regular.   Michelle and i stop in at least 3x a week and have for the last few years we have lived in lower quarter.A great place on Frenchman's Street that beats most bars in the Quarter, especially Bourbon. This is the place to find some great music. It's a fun little bar with some interesting food choices which would be a great snack late at night. I didn't try any of them, though. The only con was the barstaff didn't want to make any drinks other than giving you a beer. C'mon, man, where's your craft? You can make something other than grabbing a bottle of beer.Been coming here for about a year now love the food and always love the live bands that play all around a great spot to stop by when your in town :)You should visit this bar when in NOLA! No cover, live bands are amazing (my favorites are Higher Heights and Soul Project) and drinks are strong and cheap!!! The bartenders are friendly and awesome! The food is delicious, grilled fish taco is my favorite!!! Grilled shrimp taco is also very tasty!!Good god.
No cover charge but you HAVE to buy a drink.
I don't think it matters what the venue is when COCKROACHES. COCKROACHES CRAWLING IN THE BATHROOM.
TRUE. DIVE. BAR. JESUS. CHRIST.
Actually, I think they were water bugs. They were brown. But WHAT THE HELL. Maybe it's a NOLA thing, I don't know. But Department of Sanitation would have shut this place down to hell if it was New York.
Picture uploaded of a dead one on the floor.Alissa rose is the most amazing bartender there is in new orleans. Her customer service is outstanding, she goes above and beyond to take care of people. She is the reason i will be returning to new orleanS !! LOVER HER !!!!!!!You should visit this bar when in NOLA! No cover, live bands are amazing (my favorites are Higher Heights, Sierra Green, John Lisi,  and Soul Project) and drinks are strong and cheap!!! The bartenders are friendly and awesome! The food is delicious, grilled cheese sandwich and pork rinds with barbecue sauce is my favorite!!!Great food great music, pulled us right in and Deshonda was great!!! Tried the fish tacos, and they were something we've never experienced before :) Very tasty and took us by surprise!Place is small. Stage is small. Which guarantees you'll be close to the band.
The best thing about this place is their delicious burritos! Service is a bit slow since it's only one lady taking orders and making the food. But the burrito was soo delicious -- my friend and I split the pineapple chicken burrito. It had tons of cilantro and flavor. Probably the best burrito I've ever had!Awesome spot!
I loved this place. We went twice while in New Orleans. It's on Frenchman St., which I enjoyed much more than Bourbon St. The crowd was great and the band, Higher Heights, was phenomenal. The vocalist tore it up!
I will definitely return on my next trip.This is hands down best live music venue on Frenchmen Street. Great bands weekdays and weekends.  Great food in the back. and Alissa is fantastic behind the bar.  Hot girl with the long hair.  Say Hi.love this bar! always good bands, esp Friday nights when they perform reggae. inexpensive and fun place to drink. if you're not into the smell of pee and tourists crawling all over bourbon Street, go here or any surrounding bars on FrenchmanGreat place to have some fun with live music on Frechmen Street.  When I was there Twisted Dixie was playing and they were awesome.  I think they're there regularly on Sundays, and you should defintiely try to catch them.   It has a little of a divey feel but rather clean even with that vibe.  Drinks are reasonably priced and there's no cover.  You should totally go!Fun and energetic live jazz. No cover and no drink minimums are also a plus. Space and seating is a bit limited though but if you're in the mood for good live music, it is definitely worth checking out.One of our go-to spots on Frenchmen St.  Awesome bands. I have never been here and NOT enjoyed the music. We have heard awesome Blues bands, Reggage Bands, R & B bands... you name it.  No cover ever. The drinks I am not impressed with. I prefer well crafted cocktails. They don't seem to have those here. Best bet order  a bottle of beer. The people watching is always great. I have never had any of the food offered in the back,  but have heard first hand that it is really good & affordable.I don't know if we went on a bad night or what but tacos were a soggy sloppy mess.  Had good flavor but hard to eat especially since you are eating in the dark (yes I know its a bar).  Music that night was ok but the band leader wouldn't stop telling bad jokes and puns.  We went back Halloween night and the music was MUCH better (different band).So you say you are visiting new orleans and you aren't sure where to go except for Bourbon Street. Well let me tell you about this gem of a place on Frenchman Street. 
After a fantastic dinner we decided to head out to listen to some music, dance and burn off the calories. You could hear the band playing from the street so we walked in and exactly the vibe we were looking for. There was a band playing everything from Bob Marley to Amy Winehouse. 
Even with the band there was no cover which is one of the things you have to love about  New Orleans. Inside the all of the beers were in bottles  with the most simple pricing system you can ask for. All the beers were  $5 after tax. Sounds great, that means 2 beers plus a $1 tip for the bartender only runs $11. Grabbed some beers and on to the dance floor. Thus place was the definition of diversity. At one point there were people in their 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, and 60s all dancing. The band was pulling people on stage to dance and sing with them, and everyone regardless of age was having a good time. This place is what The Big Easy is all about. 
PS: Just a little extra note to anyone who stops in. DAT Dog gourmet hot dogs is located across the street. They have every type of hot dog or sausage you can imagine and they stay open really late. Wonderful place for late night eats if you happen not to eat anything before you stop in.Always said I would never write a bad review at this site...at the site where I  review people who litter and cut me off while I am biking without giving me the required friendly apology wave, I write bad reviews galore, but here i try to dwell on the positive.
Now the owner is not a bad guy, he salvaged the Spotted Cat and with his new managers that place is better than before...but this place is going to lead to the Bourbinization of Frenchmenn and in 10 Years and that's a pain nobody needs to consider.
It's fine that this place plays the worst music on Frenchmen Street..Folks with little taste are allowed to enjoy the world too. Problem is this place blasts the reggae/bad rock so loud out the door you can here it a block away, bourbon Stret style. Gives me the willies. 
Walking from Esplanade my mood shouldn't have to sour like it does having to hear what they feel the whole neighborhood should be subjected too...no other place on Frenchmen ruins the pleasant old fashioned mood on the streetas with blasting speakers outside, and there is a reson for that.
How the same man can run the best and worst place on Frenchmen is beyond me, but this is not a difficult problem to fix if he cares about the street as he has told friends of mine he does.
Disclaimer: This review was written without me ever stepping foot in the place...can't comment on that.I can't speak to the food but I can speak to the music!
We were told if we wanted to experience New Orleans at its best to head over to Frenchmen Street. After jazz club hopping we ended up at Cafe Negril. They don't charge a cover which was a bonus. The music was nothing short of amazing and the bartenders were super attentive even though it was completely packed. 
If you want good music with a great atmosphere this is your place!Love this spot! Scrumdillyumptious tacos, jammin music, & great atmosphere. If you haven't danced before you left, you weren't here!I really enjoyed my visit to Café Negril. I went to check it out after dinner with a few friends, and we had a wonderful time. It's a great atmosphere for late night drinks and live music. 
We were hoping to hear some jazz, which we had already experienced at a couple of nearby spots, but Café Negril had something else on the menu on the night we visited. We ended up seeing a rock band (I'm not sure how else to describe them) playing original songs that were hilariously awesome. One of the songs was about "cheap ass wine," and another was titled Chicken Fried Steak and included the repeated lyrics, "chicken on the mothafuckin' bone." 
They had a nice beer and cocktail selection, everything was reasonably priced, and the atmosphere was fun. If you're in the area I would definitely recommend checking this place out.Cafe Negril is an establishment that is located in the heart of the Marigny Triangle, right on Frenchmen St. This location had another name (and I assume different ownership, but I cannot be certain) in the past. The major changes with the name change have been the integration of the "Taco Truck" food service that was in an actual truck on Frenchman at Royal right outside Washington Park right after Hurricane Katrina, and a general spiffying up of the place. This was a true dive bar in its previous incarnation. Some members of my band and myself came in for a bite to eat and a drink before a gig at another establishment on this visit.
Product: The bar sells your typical drinks near the front door, but nothing special or outstanding. Prices are not bad here, given the hot spot location right on Frenchmen. The "Taco Truck" is further back in the establishment, closer to the bathrooms. Although their prices have gone way up since their days in an actual truck on Frenchmen. The food is still relatively inexpensive, though you won't be able to purchase a burrito the size of your forearm for $3 any longer. The upside is that the menu expanded. 4 stars
Service: Nothing to write home about, but not horrible, either. This place is hopping most evenings, due to no cover, the availability of food on-site, and relatively inexpensive drinks. 3 stars
Facilities: An older commercial building right on Frenchmen. There are 2 stories to the building, but this business only utilizes the bottom floor to my knowledge (I've wondered what they do with the upstairs, but I have no idea). This place, even with the more recent upgrades, is a little worn around the edges. There are stools at the bar (that are almost always fully occupied) and high tables with chairs to match to the sides of a small stage where a band is often playing. There are lower tables near the food service area in the back (in the past this was storage area). All the furniture is a bit wobbly to my recollection. The stage strangely has railing around it. I'm not a big fan of that. There is an open area right in front the stage for dancing. There's a huge mural behind the performance area that pre-dates the name change, though it has been spruced up in the past few years. The outside has an overhang, which is good if it's really sunny or raining. The bathrooms are also a bit worn, but serviceable. 3 stars
Bonus: Most nights (and some afternoons) there is live music without cover charge. Don't forget to tip the musicians, though! 
Overall: Frenchmen Street in the Triangle has drastically morphed in the past decade, but this establishment has probably best kept the old spirit of the previous generation. I don't go to this area often these days, but this is usually the joint I roll into if I do. I suggest you check it out if you're a tourist or just a local looking for some cheap entertainment and wanting to pass an evening in relaxation. 3 starsI loved this place because the musicians that were playing there were both extremely talented and they had a great sense of humor.  It's hard to ignore the musical notes pouring out the doors of Cafe Negril when walking on Frenchmen St. I knew I had to go in.  The entire place is blue and therefore has a very chill vibe to it.  The musicians are face to face as the antithesis of the bar so there is a very personal experience between customers and musicians.  They played a good mix of jazz, classic rock, alternative, and reggae.  They had some great guitarists.  Also, they have some of the strongest long island iced teas I've ever had.Disappointed with recent changes. What happened to the awesome taco kitchen? And where are the usual bartenders? For years we have been well served and tended to by Josh but he is suddenly gone. Something has changed and not for the better.Was there Friday night 11th if January. Oddly enough my first trip to New Orleans. Had to go to bourbon street of course. Heard music  from down the street. Stopped in and was amazed. Incredible band performing and was drawn to stay and listen. Nice atmosphere and great staff. Had a couple drinks ...(not too many). If you make it to Bourbon street..definitely stop by...you'll have a great time.....Life is short...Get in....Get out....EnjoyGreat music, polite but fun crowd, food is delicious.  Great pit stop while on Frenchman.  However do t expect to get full.  The portions are small but so are the prices so it's all good.  Superb atmosphere and the house band sounded so good it's what brought us in.. but then again we're on Frenchman Street THE BEST place to spend your nights while in NOLA :-*Do not eat the food! A group us were vacationing in New Orleans and we decided to try their food late one night. We all woke up in the middle of the night with food poisoning. Needless to say our last day has been spent in the bathroom.Spent a really fun hour or hour and a half at Cafe Negril on the night of St. Patrick's Day, 2019.  There are a bunch of joints on Frenchmen to see live music, and we stopped in 3 or 4 of them.  This was probably my favorite.  
It was crowded, but that is because the band was good, so that's never a bad thing.  Drink prices weren't crazy but they weren't cheap either.  A cheap domestic and a shot of Jameson was $14.  The bar is tough to get to because people are standing there watching the music, so there were really only a couple of spots that you could actually access the bar.  But, the bartenders were working hard and were very friendly.  
This is not a fancy bar by any stretch, some may call it a dive.  But, we enjoyed great music and some drinks, which is the purpose of a bar in the first place.  I would seek out the Negril again on future trips to Frenchmen.Great live music. Great vibe. Tbh I was enjoying myself way too much even without the band playing.Was there Friday night 11th if January. Oddly enough my first trip to New Orleans. Had to go to bourbon street of course. Heard music  from down the street. Stopped in and was amazed. Incredible band performing and was drawn to stay and listen. Nice atmosphere and great staff. Had a couple drinks ...(not too many). If you make it to Bourbon street..definitely stop by...you'll have a great time.....Life is short...Get in....Get out....EnjoyWalked in randomly as it was a little less crowded and the music had a cool old school vibe. Beer list fine but mostly local. $6 most beers and appetizers 3 slushees on tap that are deadly. Stage pretty well coated that you can see at weird angles and not feel squished on the dance floor. Solid option toward the end of the drag that I'd recommend if trying to change it up from the very famous varieties sThe Frenchman block had plenty of choices to choose from to bar it up. This place happen to be one of spots I went to. My cousin who lives in New Orleans took me here because she knows I like reggae music.
Guess what, there was reggae band playing inside. The Bob Market mural on the wall is a dead giveaway I'm gonna love this place. Live reggae band, dancing, and beers. Smashing good time. Another cool memory I have here was the video camera that showed everyone in the bar. LOL, watching people try and dance is hilarious. People making out with pink wigs is even funnier. Come to think of it, I saw the weirdest people in that bar.