The cafe was extremely cute. We came at 8am and they even had a jazz band playing at that time. I got the breakfast sandwich and it was delicious. I loved how they rolled the egg and put the bacon pieces inside. Great price for a filling breakfast!Best iced latte and beignet we tried. The live music also creates a great atmosphere. We also visited Cafe du Monde but in our opinion Cafe Beignet is much better. The service is also very good and there are hardly ever lines.A nice alternative to Cafe du Monde, the beignets were as good if not better. But the real kicker was NO line! 
It was a calm little oasis on Bourbon St. Granted at 8:30 am the street is empty besides garbage men & street washers.
We were there early on a holiday, so we didn't get to experience any live music, sadly.
We did have a full breakfast as well, sharing a crawfish omelet & Cajun hashbrowns. Neither was anything to write home about, but really when your name has Beignet in it, does the other stuff really matter?5 stars on the beignets.  3 huge beignets for $2.69.  I'm not really sure why each batch needs 1 pound of powdered sugar, but no matter it was delicious fresh out of the fryer. I eat beignets at cafe du monde, but glancing at cafe du monde's, they are $0.50 more, but a lot bigger per order.  And there's not a 1 hour line at cafe beignet like there is a cafe du monde.  We went there twice in once day!Cafe Beignet and Musical Legends Park offers a great reprieve from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street. If you're still looking to drink while listening to some live jazz, the bar has got you covered with cocktails and alcoholic slushes. 
My boyfriend and I popped by on a Monday night around 8pm for some beignets to compare to the ones we had over at Cafe Du Monde. Beignets here are $3.99 for three. We ordered pretty quickly and were able to snag one of the few empty tables. While the service was incredibly slow, we found ourselves mostly distracted by music and just basking in the ambience. 
The beignets were fantastic- came freshly fried and hot with healthy dustings of powered sugar. I would have liked more sugar, but it was perfect for my boyfriend. We also got a southern comfort mango slush to share, which was pretty good and felt solidly packed with alcohol.Tucked in behind a number of other establishments, this is the place to go when you want your bad-for-you-but-oh-so-delicious fix. The menu is pretty straightforward, and if you're like almost everyone else you'll get the grab bag of three beignets doused liberally in powdered sugar.
Yum.Good price and hive atmosphere. Beignets are way better than cafe du monde, though you still need to go there too so you can say you've been there. Great mocha and brown sugar praline cookie here too. Nice music in the courtyard. Check it out!Amazing atmosphere! Everybody tries to get you to go to cafe du monde, but don't write off cafe beignet! The awesome live band drew me in. The staff was super friendly, and the beignets and pralines are ridiculously good!!!In NOLA on business this week and had to make a stop here based on reviews and actually ended up stopping twice here during the week. Plus, this place was super close to our hotel so it made it a logical spot to dine.
Since all of our meetings have been later in the day and catered, we are given lunch, but we have had to go on our own for breakfast/dinner each day. Tuesday was our first stop in at Café Beignet (311 Bourbon Street). To no surprise, this place was jam packed and we're guessing that most of these people here are tourists (after all, this is Bourbon Street and we are from out-of-town ourselves). 
All of the menu items are less than $10 and are all very tasty. I had the Cajun Hashbrowns on Tuesday and loved them so much that I returned again this morning to have them again. The "Southern Breakfast" (eggs, grits, bacon and bread) also looks good, but the hashbrowns had me coming back for more. They are loaded with Andouille sausage, onions and peppers and served with a side of scrambled eggs and bread. 
Had never sampled a beignet (NO-style donut with powdered sugar) and ordered one to go with my breakfast. Then another. And a third. Holy cow, these things are addictive!
The coffee is good as well. Hey, we're from Minnesota and we like good, strong coffee. 
There might be better places to get breakfast in the French Quarter but Café Beignet successfully filled our bellies during our stay in New Orleans. Thanks for the food and great service. If there is a line, it is WORTH the wait.Breakfast was vile, everything tasted like grease!Stumbled across the set back, sidewalk cafe on a lovely, sunny afternoon. Plopped down with our beers from next door, and took in the jazz band that was playing under a tent. The waterfall that greets you as you walk into the courtyard is a nice touch. We cam back the next day, had some drinks (full bar there folks) and although they serve sandwiches and light snacks, we tried some beignets. They were excellent. Never had better. 
It's a quaint little outdoor area that can't be missed. Either soaking up some sun during the day, or sitting back and relaxing while enjoying the live at night.This place does make very good beignets and is tucked away in a nice courtyard and has live music on Bourbon St. However, it just seriously does not come even close to Cafe du Monde. It's also pricier at $4.50 for 3 beignets. The texture is just not quite the same - it's more doughy and sticky. Still delicious thoughRight next to the police station in the grand old state bank building -- almost missed it. Has a hole-in-the-wall look, especially from the outside, but is actually quite deep and spacious. Quaint French cafe feel. The waiters were friendly and the beignets just right. Also had a pretty good crawfish omelette. Perfect breakfast spot. Once you get to Cafe du Monde and realize what a scam it is, be sure to come here instead!I actually think the beignet here were better than Cafe Du Monde.  They were lighter and fluffier.  However, they were also WAAAAY bigger.  I'm fairly certain that one person should never eat three beignet at a sitting anyway, but the idea of eating three of these gives me sugar shock.  We split an order, and I still couldn't finish.
That's not really a complaint, though.  Just be aware that, if you're going for beignet, you should bring an appetite - and two friends.  Anyway, we stumbled across this little gem while we were wandering around the French Quarter, trying to figure out what we wanted to eat.  The atmosphere is wonderful - the Cafe sits at the back of an open courtyard, with tables (some under a patio), and on Friday night, there were musicians playing jazz.  The music carried well, without being so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation.  I believe if you went up the stairs, there was a bar up there (although, probably another establishment).  I'm tempted to give this place five stars for the atmosphere alone, but a restaurant is more than atmosphere.  It was a wonderful way to spend a Friday evening.
Other than the beignet, the food was fine.  It was nothing spectacular, but I got a pretty good club, and my fiance got a pretty good roast beef po'boy.  My bread was a little stale - it happens.  It seemed like we had to wait an awfully long time for the beignet to come out.  I know they're fried fresh, but I've also made them before, and I know it doesn't take 15 minutes.  Overall, I had a great evening, and I would go back.Love the courtyard and the coffee... I wanted strong coffee, and that's just what i got.  It was great.  The beignets were a little bit heavier and about $.60 more for 3 than Cafe DuMonde.  I thought the trade off in comfort and proximity was well worth it though.  The omelets looked good and the shrimp po-boy looked delicious.Forget Cafe Du Monde, this place has faster service, and even accepts debit/credit cards. Also was a lot cleaner having less powdered sugar everywhereWhile walking around Bourbon Street, it's a little frightening to see white powder riddled on the streets and plastered on peoples' noses.  Because of that, you might suspect people are sniffing cocaine due to their boisterous attitudes, but after eating beignet's at Cafe Beignet on Bourbon Street, I'm convinced that they are the reason for such things. Lol
Cafe Beignet offers better beignets than Cafe Du Monde and it's not even close.  They're far more fluffy, soft, well-sized, and deliciously powdered than any beignet I've had and it's only $3.99 for three!
Cafe Beignet has two locations--one being this one inside Musical Legends Park on Bourbon Street and the other on Royal.  I much rather prefer the one on Royal as it has a more clean and endearing environment.  This specific location on Bourbon is more fun and lively, but the distasteful smells of Bourbon Street creeps in from time to time.  I do love the live jazz music that is played though.  
----
Conclusion: Those who are looking for 5 star beignets and a lively, musical atmosphere, come to this outdoor location.  I, along with Mr. Alton Brown (famous food critic on the food channel) agree Cafe Beignet is much better than Cafe Du Monde.  Come here for food, alcohol, music, and the best beignets! can be found here too!  
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Tables are available but be aggressive when trying to obtain one.  There are three tables upstairs near the restroom too
-Service can be better as they're not very friendly or helpful
-Restrooms are filthyCafe Beignet was a nice little cafe on Bourbon St. with a nice courtyard off the sidewalk and tucked away from the commotion. Inside the courtyard are plenty of fans that also blow mist at you during the hot summer days. Unfortunately I have to give the 3 stars because the beingets just weren't that good. They were chewy and chalky and the only flavor that came threw was the powdered sugar. I didn't try the other food so I can't speak for that but their iced coffee is really refreshing. It's a dark roast with smokey notes that really come through in NOLA style. Service was on the slower side with only one register but the girl at the register was extremely nice.The beignets were so bad that we didn't even eat them. They tasted like fried shrimp and were tough as well. The pralines were gritty, but tasty. Also, the computer/register was down so no drinks available from the bar. We offered to pay cash, but this was beyond their capacity and the request was met with silence. The courtyard was lovely though and the staff courteous. But it was such a disappointment on our first stop of our first day to New Orleans.Holy  so amazing I can't put it into words, live music , fresh beignets, pastries, great !!!! Why would you ever have breakfast elsewhere?  Wanted to stay here all day even in the  couldn't believe with as much hype as there was that this place actually lived up to itFar superior to Cafe du Monde in two aspects: the staff is friendly and smiles at you, there is live jazz almost always.
The staff is very nice, then brings you your food if you're sitting down and there's a little wait for a next batch of beignets or whatever you ordered.
Their beignets are as huge as my hand and spectacularly delicate-tasting and delicious. The chicory coffee is served in take-away cups and very flavorful. You put milk and sugar in it yourself from the little nook by the pick up section of the counter.
There's quite a bit of seating in the open courtyard but it becomes very hard to come by when there's a great live jazz performance going on (which is often!). I was able to sit quickly both times I visited.
Excellent, excellent music by the way.
My favorite place in NOLA for chicory coffee and beignets.I ordered the club sandwich which includes cold turkey, bacon and cheese on French bread. The sandwich was delicious, the service friendly and the ambiance lovely. That said, waiting 20 minutes in line, plus an additional 30 minutes at mule table for a cold turkey sandwich wasn't worth it. Many of their items are cold sandwiches, and considering it takes about 30 seconds to put some turkey on bread and sit it in a plate, it must be a staffing or organizational issue. They appear to deliver orders sequentially, which doesn't seem to make sense here holding up cold items for the occasional hot one. For me it was just over rated and far slower than it needed to be such a basic item.The Beignets were delicious pieces of fried heaven with powered sugar. The pastries come in 3 for 3.99 and can be easily shared amount 3 people. The beignets are a pretty good size which makes them easy to be shared unless you don't like sharing. A line forms outside of the small place but moves pretty quickly. Breakfast is served as well but if it's cold outside it might be a little uncomfortable because the sitting is outside only.Our work team took Sunday afternoon off and decided to wander around the French Quarter. The group consensus favoured a place where we could sit outside and enjoy some live jazz and an adult beverage. And that's what we got! Service was friendly, but we had to come to them at either the bar or the coffee shop area. The music was quite good (the name of the band escapes me) and the expected free will donation at the end was a small price to pay for such a pleasant and relaxing part of our afternoon.the beignets give this place 3 stars, but the food and location are just ok. they do have live music but we just got there at a time between the acts so we had the elevator type jazz music in the background.  we were hungry so i got the muffaletta (i wanted one so bad and didn't feel like walking back down to the central market for one), it was small and quite flavorless.  the olive salad didn't add anything to it, and i definitely wanted more if it.  the boy had the red beans and rice which he said was just ok.  but the beignets were great.  they are, as everyone says, are lighter, flufflier and larger than cafe du monde.  i think i like cafe du mondes more as they have a bit of a crunch, where these are just doughy.  the daquiris were just ok here, don't waste the money.Good outdoor place right on Bourbon to listen to some jazz music in a casual setting.  We ordered their $5 drinks which were very watered down and put in tiny little plastic cups with some ice (Mint Julep, Sazerac, Brandy Milk).  We thought about ordering food, but saw what what other people were eating and decided to pass.  
One note, the table was really dirty, not sure if all outdoor places are like that in NOLA since Cafe Du Monde is like that too, but it kind of grosses me outI stopped by Café Beignet (bourbon street location) during my food tour of New Orleans. I had previously been to Café Du Monde, so I was interested in comparing the beignets and the Café Au Lait. I will say that I preferred the beignets and coffee here at Café Beignet. The dough did not seem as dense, and there was not as much powdered sugar smothering the beignets. I also liked that these beignets are made to order, so they come to you piping hot! Café Beignet is located in a public park, so there are often times jazz musicians playing for you. If you need to rest your feet or take a bathroom break you can, because these amenities are for the public. They serve other foods besides beignets as well, if you need something a bit more hardy for breakfast.  If you only have time to try one beignet spot, make this one your stop.Breakfast is terrible. No taste. The Krystal's fast food breakfast was 100% better than this. Beignets were not good either. They always have good music.This is my first time in New Orleans and I had to come here to try their beignets. They are delicious!! Very messy with the powder but that's expected.Went here for brunch on a recent trip to NOLA with some friends. Decided on this location as opposed to the other one, but don't remember why.
I, unfortunately, did not get the beignets, so I am unable to compare to Cafe du Monde's, but what we did get was decent. I got an omelette with grits and french bread. The grits were pretty plain (even for grits) and the bread was pretty hard, but the omelette was tasty and cheap. As it's all outdoor seating, I also got the iced coffee because I so badly needed the caffeine, but couldn't bear the thought of regular coffee due to the heat and humidity of a nice mid-July day. and it was surprisingly good! All my friends were jealous that they didn't get one too. 
There were a couple guys playing jazz music while everyone ate, which was nice, but maybe almost a tad too loud.. it was breakfast, afterall.
I'd give this place three stars based on the quality of food, but upped it to 4, since the employees that were working here were SUPER nice and helpful. You could tell they really cared about doing a good job, serving good food, and making sure everyone was happy.I like the other Cafe Beignet location better but I have to give props for this location being open until 10pm. Cafe Beignet is so much better than Cafe Du Monde (more touristy). 
BEST Beignets EVER...and Alton Brown agrees as well as their beignets are on his list of best things he's ever ate!
Cafe Beignet is AMAZING. I went back to Cafe Beignet EVERY DAY that I was in NOLA. This is 1 of 2 locations, this locataion is outdoors and on Bourbon St, though open later, until 10pm. The other location is more of a cafe atmosphere location but closes at 5pm. 
Here's Alton's Brown NOLA episode: http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/la/new-orleans/cafe-beignet-restaurant.html
Also, there is a coupon for a free cafe au lait with any purchase if you print out the coupon.I like this location better than the one on Royal, not quite as busy, not as long a wait for food, but the same menu.  Spacious Bourbon-facing courtyard with live music playing.  Great coffee, great food.  We saw more people eating their food than waiting at their tables for their food, so this is our choice next time we come to town.
Full bar.A very tasty blend of funnel cake and donut.  Made onsite and served warm with a pile of powdered sugar on top.  They are big too.  Much larger than expected.  I ordered an egg sandwich along with it, but cannot describe its flavor because I was too full to eat.  Also enjoyed a sweet tea that was refreshing.  It was not too sweet and really cold.  Enjoying this breakfast with jazz playing in the courtyard along Bourbon.  It feels like the right way to enjoy a simple New Orleans longtime favorite.Per the recommendation from a friend, we braved the smell of Bourbon street on a Sunday morning to visit Cafe Beignet for breakfast.  Adorable place! The coffee was great and I really enjoyed sitting outside in the courtyard. (There was a man on the street playing and I thought it was music the restaurant was piping around us. Once I saw that it was a street performer I was happy and tipped him on our way out!)
The beignets here are so much larger than the ones at Cafe Du Monde! DH liked the smaller ones at Du Monde because he likes them crispier, but I will get my beignet fix from Cafe Beignet the next time we visit. 
We also ordered an omelet that came with the customary grits - I should have asked if they could be traded out for something different as neither of us like grits. 
Only complaint, is that I would of killed for a bottomless cup of coffee that morning. :-)  But it's really not that kind of place. (sigh)Loved this place, breakfast, coffee and beignet, a little jazz in the morning, a little fish and chips and daiquiri's and jazz in the afternoon, and more daiquiri's and Steamboat Willie in the evening.  Sometimes there is a wait, but once you order find yourself a seat and enjoy the music until the food arrives, you can't stay too long those chairs are brutal if you know what I mean.4 stars, place was quaint and the music was relaxing. At night it's all Sinatra style jazz. During the day a live jazz band. To eat we had the beignets and a muffuletta. U can seat wherever u like and they bring ur food out. Very chill atmosphere.For those of you who have gave this restaurant a 3.5 rating..... Shame on you!
Now that we've got that out of the way, let me begin by saying this place was awesome. The Beignets made my breakfast amazing. Fluffy dough with a good consistency. I'm from Hawaii where we have what's called a Malasada. These two are very similar pastries. It brings me to deep sadness that Beignets may have just won my heart over. I really recommend that you consider just buying a single Beignet per person. These are very filling and if you've already ate your amazing meal, you may not have enough space in your stomach to fit it in. Take a break, finish a cigarette for those smokers and return for a delicious Beignet. So as I leave NOLA with great memories and experiences, I can gladly say "Beignet done that".Like: I like their beignets better than Cafe du Monde. Their's is actually lighter & not over flowing with confectioner's sigar. Love this locations ambiance, free Jazz music in the middle of all the loud music from Bourbon St 
Dislike: Lady who made my hot chocolate did not seem to know what she was doing, my hot chocolate was warm, not hot!This place was just ok for me. The Pulled beef sandwich was so salty. The shrimp, fish and crab cake platter were full of just chips instead of seafood. The Gumbo was def left over and re heated. same with the jambalaya. It had a slight burn to them and it was not to pleasing. It def got us full, but the flavor was just ok. Wouldnt plan on coming back here.Amazing beignets, far better than Cafe Du Monde. Also, try the elephant ear pastry, it was delicious.Large outside venue with full coffee and alcohol bar. I noticed others eating food but we just ordered beignets. Beignets were good (not as good as Cafe du Monde) they are $3.99 for 3. Live musicians playing and was pretty packed every time we walked by. Nice place, we'll return!The music is absolutely lovely, but don't get the old New Orleans fashioned.... it's worse than cough syrup and I got it without the simple syrupBETTER than Cafe du Monde!!!
Less crowded (at 8am my mom and I were the only ones enjoying the patio, but really, who is out on Bourbon at 8am besides the beer trucks and street washers?  Me and my mom!) better tasting.
The beignets here are made.to.order.  We went to Cafe du Monde once and it was obvious they had been sitting.  These came hot and fresh.
The cafe au lait is also made.to.order.  Again, hot and fresh.
A great alternative to Cafe du Monde.  Scratch, a great "instead of" Cafe du Monde!Breakfast omelets were good, but the beignets were great! Live jazz band was playing at 8am on Sunday morning and was enjoyable.We stopped in here to get our fliers beignet and they were outstanding, also had a piece of carrot cake and not so good but I guess that's why it's called Cafe Beignet. We were lucky enough to sit really get down at the last available table and listen to a live band and enjoy a beignet and price was reasonable also.We were originally going to Cafe du Monde on recommendations from friends, but the line there was a block long. The line here was just to the door, and with the tables pretty much all filled, everyone was getting orders to go, so the line moved fairly quickly. We were able to snag a couple of bar seats just as our order came up. My Iced Chicory and Coffee was wonderful, and matched the beauty that were the beignets we got. They came to us hot, sugary and ever so yummy!My first beignet experience wasn't bad. Too much powdered sugar overwhelmed the wonderful beignet. We also ordered breakfast which was completely a different story. Everything other than the eggs you could tell had been sitting there for hours. The hashfries and grits were just cold and stale. Would not have breakfast here ever again.I'm here for the sugary French pastries. I love being covered powdered sugar, like a bag blew up in my face. But man, it is delicious. Viva La Beignets!!!!!!!Wow this place is bad. My first impression is that this would be a pleasant spot in an otherwise, what is in my opinion the most unpleasant street in the French Quarter.  They had live music that sounded more like entertainment at a nursing home, a really untalented guy (how they found him in the city of greats I have no idea), basically constantly asking for tips and in between hitting some notes on his keyboard. 
The food was the worst part, 35 minute wait time ended in terrible beignets that taste mostly like oil and an omelette that went straight to the dumpster where it belongs.  Poor quality and the worst part is that they don't even try.  In this city a place like this should not pass.I went there two mornings in a row while visiting New Orleans. It was right across our hotel Royal Sonesta. This place has great service, great breakfast, and awesome beignets! They offer 3 beignets for $2.69 and their beignets are pretty big, in fact I could only eat 2 and then I was full. Those two coupled with a Caramel Latte and I was in heaven. Perfect combo and made just right. I had the French Toast one morning as well which was ok but the beignets rock. Did I mention they have live music by local artists almost all day long from 8am-2am! Its great as they keep rotating and you get to hear different people. Good place!Great spot to listen to music and have a drink.  And beignets are better than cafe dI guess i'll write a separate review for Cafe Beignet then i did for the Music Legends Park. Came back the next morning here since they were closed when we came for Jazz the night before. We got beignets and coffee. They were super fresh and delicious. A little different than dumonde. I wouldn't say better or worse. Just different but equally delicious. I will say this. Cafe Beignet has the live jazz in the park, which gives it a favorable advantage. Come try and ENJOY!For the food, I would give it 3 stars, but the ambiance would kick it up to a 4.  This place is adorable... open courtyard seating with live music.  The beignets were good, but we had a tuna breakfast sandwich that wasn't flavorful. It's right across the street from our hotel - so we may go back for the beignets and music but was hoping to be more pleased with the actual meal.Horrible experience dirty, flies in pasrty cases and then when they bring my food a live bug in my food that means the prep line has bugs. i will never be backAverage at best. 
Reminded me if cafeteria food from a hospital or school. 
Better places to go in the quarter.Great place to have a drink and listen to jazz. Beignets aren't quite as good as the other place on town. .. but a great place to have a drink and listen to jazz.This little gem is tucked away in Legends Park on Bourbon Street. It's completely passed over by partygoers, and truly a great place to catch your breath. The full bar has reasonable prices, and the pastries are excellent!
A word about the Beignets:
Yes, they are better than Cafe Du Monde's. Bigger, for starters, and more doughy. They deliver them to your table hot and let you enjoy them while listening to live jazz in the courtyard amidst string lights. The only drawback? The tables are gridded, so you will get powdered sugar everywhere! In the future, I will pass on Cafe Du Monde and only go here!Local musicians come out and play while you eat. Great little place outside to cool off. Had bathrooms upstairs and that was nice. The beignets were great  but the water and coffees were a little pricey. $3.99 for a milk? Other than that this is a great spot to relaxWithin 10 minutes I tried both Cafe Beignet and Cafe du Monde. Both fresh and hot. For my taste if you are only going to have one Beignet experience go to Cafe Beignet. First I didn't encounter any lines, where at the main Cafe Du Monde it was 15 mins at least even at the take out window.  Du Monde was $3 of 3 and I found them to be dense and chewy even when hot. Cafe Beignet's are $4 for 3 that are at least 25% larger. I found them to be lighter with a funnel cake texture and elephant ear taste. Much more enjoyable for my tastes.Let me tell you, the beignets here are incredibly awesome! They are so light and fluffy that we had to come back again tonight to take them back to our hotel room! It is my understanding that they are made to order. 
We went to another very famous place and had coffee and beignets after having the beignets here yesterday.......absolutely no comparison! Cafe Beignet knows how to make BEIGNETS! 
The live entertainment is impressive! This is a nice place to relax and enjoy coffee and beignets. I will always come here instead of the other place. You must give it a try!Let me tell you, the beignets here are incredibly awesome! They are so light and fluffy that we had to come back again tonight to take them back to our hotel room! It is my understanding that they are made to order. 
We went to another very famous place and had coffee and beignets after having the beignets here yesterday.......absolutely no comparison! Cafe Beignet knows how to make BEIGNETS! 
The live entertainment is impressive! This is a nice place to relax and enjoy coffee and beignets. I will always come here instead of the other place. You must give it a try!Best beignets I have ever had, but still haven't been to cafe du monde so there's still room to win the best title.  Cute courtyard cafe!  Want to visit again when the live band performs.Cafe Beignet is a gem in the cesspool that is Bourbon St. 
The beignets here are a little bit more substantial than those of cafe du monde. They have a full menu and are just as casual as you are.  If you're just looking for Beignets, hit up the Cafe Du Monde. It's more experiential.  Alternatively if you're looking for breakfast or lunch, Cafe Beignet has a sister location on Royal st. 
There's live jazz here every night and the small courtyard setting is surprisingly good at sheltering you from the noise pollution from all the clubs and shit-shacks on the street. 
All in all I'd say to steer clear of Bourbon at all costs but if you find yourself here, sojourn over to Cafe Beignet.Beignets are like down pillows and the powder on top is like something outta scarface. Three big fresh and flavorful beignets are amazing. Just don't eat them by the big fans that circulate air in the courtyard. I was wearing a fair bit of powdered sugar by the end. Coffee was good too.Loved the chicory coffee but I found the counter service to be pretty unresponsive. Perhaps I caught them at an off-time, but I felt like I was imposing to get the woman to wait on me. I only wanted a praline and cup of coffee.Beautiful indoor/outdoor café. Had the privilege of sitting on the second tier above the restaurant. We had a sight of Bourbon Street and the sweet soulful sounds of classic jazz.  Their beignets are better then the popular touristy competitor. This place is an oasis and adds charm to the notorious Bourbon Street. Sadly,the shrimp po boy was a let down. It was obviously not fresh, and better shrimp can be found at a local Popeyes.This location is amazing. There is a small courtyard where you can enjoy your food and listen to jazz literally all day long. The atmosphere is much better than the Royal St. location, but the food tastes the same. The beignets, eggs, waffles, potatoes, and coffee are all of the same quality in both locations. The line for food here is perpetually long, but it's definitely worth it. If you're going to do the tourist bit and eat a huge plate of beignets, this is absolutely the place to do it.It was later in the evening and we found ourselves in the French Quarter walking around, looking at shops, and taking in the sights and sounds of New Orleans. Niki and I noticed some music coming from just up the block and made our way by following the sound. 
The sound led us to a courtyard where old school jazz was being performed and in the back was Cafe Beignet. I have heard of this place and it is known to have very good chicory coffee and beignet. So obviously drawn by the music and the smell of sweet pastry. Niki and I took a seat, placed an order, and enjoyed the music while we anxiously waited.
It didn't take long for our cups of chicory laced coffee and powdered sugar coated pastries to arrive. Once on the table we were in heaven. The coffee was very tasty and the beignet, well, its was fried dough and powdered sugar heaven! Could I say more?
I hear that there is live entertainment here often and when their is music their is chicory coffee and beignet. So come down and get yourself some!Hot beignets, delicious coffee, and smooth jazz! Great little place to relax off bourbon st. Give it a try... you'll be glad you did!Hands down, without a doubt, THE best place to get a beignet in the French Quarter (maybe in all of Louisiana).  
Beignets cooked to perfection, Live Jazz in their courtyard and quick easy service, unlike that other place near the French Market! 
My kids actually got up and dressed in less than 15 minutes (one being a teenage girl if that tells you anything) when I said if they hurried, we would go to Cafe Beignet before leaving the French Quarter.This is some of the worst food I have ever eaten. I could not finish my plate.  This is an overpriced tourist trap that capitalizes off of being on bourbon street to get business.  How do you mess up potatoes and scrambled eggs? No one should go eat at this place ever.It was our first night on our trip to New Orleans and we were craving beignets.  The original plan was to stop by the Cafe Beignet location on Royal Street, but by the time we passed by, it was already closed.
How we found the Bourbon Street location was actually by accident.  As we were walking down Bourbon Street, we heard some jazz music coming from Musical Legends Park.  After watching the band perform a couple songs, we notice the "Cafe Beignet" sidewalk sign right in front of us.  And looking past the crowd and the stage, we were able to spot the tiny storefront.
You kind of have to walk in front of the stage to get to Cafe Beignet which makes it a bit awkward.  Otherwise, I have no complaints.  There was no line and the service was prompt.  In fact, we were able to sit outside to watch more of the jazz performers while they brought out our order.
Now, most people will tell you Cafe Du Monde is the one and only beignet place to visit when you're in New Orleans, but I think this spot would be a perfect second choice.This location is my favorite. There's nothing like listening to Jazz on a lovely early afternoon while sipping a mimosa and eating an egg and bacon croissant with a side of beignets. Best food I ever had? No, but the vibe makes it a for sure stop on my NOLA trips. They're pet-friendly too, so make sure to bring your little furry friend to enjoy the patio along side you.!Great spot to escape Bourbon Street for a bit if you are in that area.  The Cafe is right off bourbon a courtyard with live music and you feel like you are well away from the craziness.  Beignets are excellent and a good deal $4 for 3 large ones.  Plus no crazy lines like Cafe Du Monde.We went there for breakfast this morning. Although the beignets were great, the rest of the food was sub par. The Cajun hash was not good. And the breakfast sandwich was strange in that it was basically an omelet put on a croissant. The area where the cafe is is cute and it's nice that they have live music in the morning. On our way out we got some bloody Mary's and those were excellent.If you want an amazing, hot beignet without the fanfare of standing in line for an hour, this is the place! The courtyard ambiance gives it that extra umph. There is usually some sort of live music, but it isn't overwhelmingly loud. I say, walk a few blocks and check this place out! I take every friend and family member that visits here.... it is just a good excuse to be a little bad. =)Beignets are amazing....breakfast sandwiches are great as well as the French bread. The omelettes were also pretty good, but the start is the beignets...hence the name.The only good thing about this place is the live music, music was great the food is lame poor excuse for New Orleans cuisine, had the shrimp P.O.-boy very boring, order the combo and only got the sandwich went back to counter told the lady there then the cook came out to see what I got but never got the rest of my order, bar was ok.I read that Cafe Beignet was better than Cafe du Monde on a travel blog so I had to see for myself.  On my first day in NOLA, my first bite was at Cafe du Monde and their beignets (although looked like funnel cake) were damn tasty.  But when my friends and I visited Cafe Beignet on Bourbon Street, we all agreed that these were lighter and thus tasted better than Cafe du Monde's.  The disparity is probably negligible but it's also nice that Cafe Beignet has live jazz music playing while you scarf down the fried pastries.I love that on a Saturday morning at ten am they have live jazz in the courtyard! They did a good job of moving through the line quickly and they were friendly enough. 
I had one order of beignets and one key lime tart. Both were good. Not amazing, but good. The atmosphere was pretty cool and if I were looking to sit around a while and have a few morning drinks with breakfast, I probably would have enjoyed it more.Coffe and Beignets were good but the veggie omelet I ordered was greasy, flavorless and just disappointing.  Just order the beignets and you will do fine.
The live music in the AM was great and there wasn't a wait like Cafe du Monde.BEST beignets everrrrrr! Better than at Cafe Du Monde. Too bad i didn't try any of the coffee. Waited awhile for the beignets, but it was worth the wait. mm mmmm!Of the two Cafe Beignets we tried in the French Quarter, this was our favorite.  The service was fantastic and the food was generous and delicious.  
The Cafe is tucked inside a little courtyard off busy Bourbon St.  It offers a little quiet tucked away getaway from the craziness and commercialism.  You order at the counter and then pick a table in the calming courtyard.  Your food is brought out to you.  
On our first visit, I ordered the Cajun Hashbrowns.  It was hashbrowns mixed with andouille sausage, onions, and peppers with a side of scrambled eggs.  It was good...but average.  And when I saw the breakfast sandwich that my friend had ordered I couldn't stop drooling over that.  So, we returned the next morning again for breakfast and I ordered the breakfast sandwich I missed out on the first day.  It was this omelette filled with tons of chopped bacon and cheese, served on a huge croissant (or bagel).  It was SO delicious and like eating 2 or 3 McDonald's breakfast sandwiches.  
The beignets are delicious, too, and rival those made at Cafe du Monde, without the long wait and rushed experience.  
From my review, you can tell that we liked Cafe Beignet, since we ate there multiple times.  Two at this location, and once at another.  The prices are very reasonable for the generous portions you receive.I grew up loving "the other beignet place that shall not be named" but the last couple of times that i went to the other place it was horrific! We went here on the recommendation of some friends, and Alton Brown, we LOVED it! I love the ambiance, the beignets are bigger and fluffier, the coffee stouter. It was much faster to actually get service than the other place. i liked that it was outside, and open air. The only draw back is the birds and the heat in the summer months. Which Cafe Beignet isn't responsible for, and honestly it is much cleaner than a lot of other places on Bourbon street.Who doesn't want a Beignet while drinking your way down Bourbon street in New Orleans?  The perfect stop in a cute little courtyard to soak up that alcohol and keep on going.  3 for $3.99!  Beignet... done that.A great spot on Bourbon St and much more relaxed, calm and collected than the many bars here. 
Feels like a cozy courtyard, with quaint metal works furniture. The ambiance is great. A jazz band playing, bar service and you are simply chilling. On a beautiful nite, this may be the best place to be.  
It's a good spot to rest your tired feed, and grab a snack, a beer or a cup of coffee , while enjoying the jazz band.Excellent coffee, best beignets, great location. Yesterday I tried the roast beef PO-boy, was really good! This place is great and a definite must visit!Amazing outside diner! One of my favorite places to visit in NOLA. Love the live music. Steamboat Willie and his band perform nightly. Best live jazz on Bourbon Street. Try the Hurricane if you are looking for something to sip on while enjoying the music. Cant wait to visit NOLA again--I will be sure to visit Cafe Beignet when I do.Loved the outdoor seating with a jazz band playing....really great NOLA atmosphere.  We had breakfast there with a side of beignets.  The breakfast was unremarkable and the beignets weren't so great compared to Cafe Du Monde.Sloooooowwwwwwwww!  Coffee was cold by the time order came.  Check-in if you want to be cool; check out if you are hungry.  Go elsewhereWife and I went on Friday evening and ordered two gumbos. When the gumbos arrived there was one piece of chicken and nothing else except soup it didn't even come with rice!!!! They brought us rice in a paper plate and it wasn't even enough for one of the gumbos so we asked for more. The next day my wife wanted some beignets so we went for that only and informed them of our problem The night before and all we got was we will make sure to pass it on really no apology at all. The beignets are delicious and frankly too good to pass up when in New Orleans but as far as anything else on the menu I think we will find somewhere else to go.Refreshing lil tucked in courtyard with live music. Son and I ordered a shrimp PO boy and red beans and rice and sat and enjoyed the music. PO boy was average....red beans and rice delicious!The beignets here are better than café du monde, they were light and fluffy. The outdoor seating with live music was a great place to enjoy your coffee and food.2 words LIVE JAZZ!
We came here around 9pm. My family and i arrived and enjoyed live jazz and delicious beignets, my wife had an iced coffee, our son had some apple juice, and my brother in law and i enjoyed some adult beverages and had a great time listening to love music and taking in the atmosphere. Very kid friendly for being on bourbon street!! Cant wait to go again for the beignets and live jazz!Although Cafe Du Monde is home of the beignet, we think Cafe Beignet does it better.  Three large hot beignets come to an order, amply topped with powdered sugar (don't sneeze).  They also serve various tasty  breakfast items so you can get your protein in.  Order a chicory coffee or simply 'chickory'to do like the local's do.  Visit their Bourbon St. location anytime after 10am for live jazz in 'Musical Legends Park' and take your pictures with a bronze Fats Domino.I had been to Cafe Du Monde before and had read about this place.  So we thought we would try it.  I was very impressed.  We went in the morning and there was no one there.  Unlike Cafe Du Monde which was very crowded.
They had lots of seating and the Hot Chocolate was very good.  The bar was also open so my sister could have a hurricane with her beignet.  
The feeling from the group I was with was these were better than Du Monde.  We had Du Monde the previous day and I would say they were better as well.  Although both were good.  
I would go back here because I thought they had better Hot Chocolate and Du Monde tasted a bit watered down.This place sits right in the middle of bourbon street and I know it's not like the other beignet place...it was really good. The beignets were hot and fresh with just amount of powdered sugar which means they had a ton. Enough to still mess up your clothes while hitting into the warm dough. You can also get coffee if you choose or a cocktail all while listening to a jazz band. If your on Bourbon street and can't quite take another step towards Decauter then this placeLive Music. Good Beignet's. And Coffee. I love live music and there's ample seating unless it is overcrowded then you gotta stand but for the most part there are plenty of seats and its their own gated area on Burbon. Could be hard walking through if its packed but plenty of people are taking pics in the front because  of the statues of the kings of jazz. Hit it up you may stay for a while.Came here March 3, 2018. Waited at a different one originally (it's a chain) but ended up here as the line was shorter and moving a bit faster. There also might have been more seating options. It's in the quaint Musical Legends Park with statues and live music. Got the large coffee and beignets (of course). Both were just ok. Large was kinda small and the beignets were a bit denser than the other ones in the area - went to 2 other places for a comparison. Also had a taste of the jambalaya (a bit spicy; so-so). The coffee cup had a really cute design.Let me start by saying that being born and raised in France, it is obvious that their beignets won't beat my dear grand ma's but how could i could stop in new orleans without having a cafe au lait and beignet. After looking at the 2hr line at Cafe du Monde and the fact that Anthony Bourdain recommended this place, I was glad to walk in that beautiful patio right of Bourbon St.
Cafe au Lait and beignet was definitely good. Not being a sweet tooth, I can't get extremely excited about the dessert type of food. Beignet could use a little bit less sugar powder and I would recommend to skip the other egg type options for breakfast. Patio, which usually have live music, definitely makes it a great experience.It's great to have a place to sit down on Bourbon have a beer, cocktail or coffee and listen to a live band in a medium sized courtyard.    Pat Obriens is the other outdoor courtyard but can be a line and can be more rowdy.    
They have good beignets here and range of sandwiches, snacks, and ice creams.     Easy t access bathroom too.    Good place to watch them all stroll by on bourbon.We went here because our hotel was a 4 minute walk from this place. After going to Cafe Dumonde, nothing compares..
The beignets here seemed overly fried and drenched with oil. Inside, there wasn't enough fluff either. Also this place is $1.50  more expensive than Cafe Dumonde and NOT worth the money.
Only good thing is that you can hear live jazz music while youre sitting and eating beignets you don't even enjoy..Live jazz was playing while we had brunch. The crawfish omelet was good but needed a little salt. Shrimp platter was good but also needed a little salt. The food came out fast. Was a good place to stop for a quick bite.First time in NOLA and really liked this place. 
Super inviting courtyard, live jazz band, 
yummy beignet's.  Happy place most definitely.Great drinks! Excellent Beignets!! Music was fantastic and an all around good vibe. Embodies the New Orlean style..Our favorite place to eat breakfast in the Fr. Qtr!  We eat breakfast here every time we visit New Orleans.  My husband orders the beignet & I order the the crawfish omelet @ then we share.  The beignet arrive very hot & fresh at your table and the omelet is loaded with crawfish.  The Cajun hash browns also make a great breakfast.  This morning at 10 am when we last ate here, there was live music by two very talented musicians, which also makes this outdoor eatery one of our favorite spots in the Qtr.This is a great place and alternative to Cafe Du Monde. The beignets are a lot larger and the atmosphere is charming. Delicious!Overall a fun experience - great little park setting with live music and the statutes of famous musicians.  A little hot in the sun, so shady tables are at a premium.  On the other hand, the service was a little slow, and the beignets aren't quite as good as Cafe du Monde.  But it is a much better atmosphere.The beignets here were delicious. If you go in the morning they will be hot and fresh- just prepared and ready to eat once they cool a tiny bit. Expect to get sugar everywhere. I also tried the breakfast sandwich here (we ate here 3 times on our trip) and it was really good. Some days I needed more than a french sugar donut to get me going! The staff is friendly and the outside tables are great to sit at, even in the rain. If you don't want to go through an insane wait and need to eat breakfast asap then skip Cafe du Monde and come here. I recommend you try both and compare- we loved different things about each place!We were in NO the weekend leading up to NYE 2012. After having stood in the cold for half an hr at Cafe Dumonde the day prior, we decided to try Cafe Beignet because 1) it's located right across Bourbon from our hotel and 2) the line wasn't as long. We really liked the beignets here, we liked them so much that we came back twice the next day. One of the days we ordered the Crawfish Omlette. The omlette came with grit and 2 slices of french bread. At $10 it was very overpriced since the omlette was rather small with just 4 crawfish and a tiny bit of cheese. The grit was dense (looked like it was put onto our plastic plate with an ice cream scooper and held its shape the entire time), not creamy or buttery tasting, and void of salt and pepper. We definitely were not impressed with the omlette, however was extremely satisfied with the beignets. The rest of the menu, including other breakfast items and sandwiches, is priced around $10 each, beignets are $3 for 3. There is a wide variety of coffee beverages and also a liquor bar. Seating is outdoors in a nice courtyard with live music. Give Cafe Beignet a try if you're looking for beignets that rival Cafe Dumonde but don't want to walk too far.Easy to find, right there in the busy craziness of Bourbon street. The beignets are delicious & the coffee is good. This is all I needed and wanted & I got it twice during my stay in New Orleans.  The courtyard has nice bistro seating and they bring your food to you after you order at the counter. Its easy on the travel budget; a delicious order of 3 baseball sized fresh beignets w/tons of powder sugar is only $3.99.   There's always a nice trio jazzy band playing right there in the courtyard as you gobble up some yummy beignets.Best beignets in French Quarter!  I have had Café Du Monde because of a friend's recommendation.  These beignets and café au lait were so much better.  Also there was great customer service and a short waiting time from ordering to eating!We got our first taste of NOLA at Cafe Beignet. I didn't know what to expect. Honestly, beignets aren't all that amazing. They kind of remind me of Chinese "fried donuts," which are also not that amazing.
But what does this place have going for it?  Even at 9:30 in the morning, there's music in the courtyard. The singer was quite good and we got to enjoy our breakfast outdoors in an area with a bunch of misters to keep us cool. The ambiance is what sets this place apart.Cafe Beignet is like a hot chick with no substance. There's a reason you want to hit on her, stick around for some time, and would call her in the future. But her personality is the reason you may lose her phone number.
When it comes to Cafe Beignet, the live jazz music was the reason I went in, stayed a while, and would come back. But their food is the reason the latter may not happen.
Their typical touristy Cajun food was decent, but it lacked flair, culture, and was far from memorable. In a city like New Orleans, there are so much better options. Unknowing tourists must come here for the awesome vibe which features patio dining and amazing live jazz music in the middle of a classic courtyard.
I loved eating on the courtyard taking the energy of New Orleans in. The entire experience transported me into another world. Unfortunately, the food brought me back to reality.
My recommendation is that you eat somewhere else. Just come here for some dessert, coffee, or a beer. 
In the end, Cafe Beignet truly is like the hot with no substance. That makes it mistress material.Beignets are very good but I still prefer Cafe du monde! This place had very few places to sitScrupulous melt in your melt beignets. The coffee is the perfect compliment to this delicious treat that can be enjoyed at any time. The wait is incredibly long at peak times though.Was expecting much better from the reviews. We had better beignets at other NOLA spots, the omelettes were very average, and the grits were bad. The bloody mary I had was also awful.Nice courtyard with live music. Beignets are decent, but pricey. Fluffier than cafe du monde, and no line, but cafe du monde wins in my book any day. Still, you can't really go wrong here, it's fried dough with powdered sugar- yum!!!Love the fresh beignet..... great ambiance.... Love the music..... If you want to chill.. this is the place to go...Beignets, music and history all in one place. Outdoor so a bit chilly at times and a bit pricey but overall niceCute courtyard with good live music - too bad we were grabbing these beignets to go on our way out of New Orleans.  But man, am I glad we did!  They are mighty tasty and great coupled with a coffee.  I think best for dessert, not breakfast as they are super sweet!  Would have liked to go to a location off Bourbon, but it was closed earlier.  So it is nice that this location is open late.I enjoyed Cafe Beignet. The beignets here are made fresh to order so they come out steaming hot. The batter is lighter and fluffier than Cafe Du Monde. I love all of the powdered sugar. I'm not a coffee drinker, so I didn't have the coffee.I love this place.  I don't understand why anyone would spend an hour waiting to eat beignets  at Café du Monde (and way overpay) instead of coming here.  $4 for 3 delicious beignets and live jazz music is my choice. Plus the rest of the menu is great. My only complaint (but not their fault) is having to walk through the Bourbon street sleeve to get there.Great drinks! Excellent Beignets!! Music was fantastic and an all around good vibe. Very relaxing and a great place to enjoy with the family.We were tired and tipsy and needed carbs. Cafe Beignet looked inviting at night so we thought it was an ok choice. The food was nothing special. Pretty substandard actually. And what place doesn't sell fries without a combo? This place. And make sure you place your order before even thinking of using the restroom. Security will kindly remind you of this.Love the Beignets and this location has a nice sunny outdoor patio.  Nicer than Cafe Du Monde crowded crazy patio.Was carried away by the amazing jazz music into Cafe Beignets while walking the busy Bourbon street. Sat in front of the band and stayed for almost an hour listening to them play the best jazz music I've heard. Great singers and musicians! Also got an order of Beignets, 3 for $3.95 and WAS NOT disappointed. They brought it to my table and it was piping hot! Powdered sugar was piled up on top and made it very delicious! The ambience was one of the best experience during my visit. Open and beautiful. You MUST go here during your visit. It's will make your New Orleans trip worth it!I came here for breakfast because of the "look" of it.  Aside of the cool jazz band that was there at 10 in the morning, it was cold and rainy outside.  They do provide heaters that only work for the couple tables that are sitting in front of them.  You have to walk to get your food all the way in the back.  They have a bar area and a restaurant area (which you can only order at).  They do bring you your food while your sitting which is nice.
The food was TINY for what I paid.  I was so mad.  They charged me 50 cents for a cup of hot water.  I was pissed about that, too.  The food wasn't even that good.  Right after we were done, we immediately left and got breakfast at a better place.  Don't even waste your money or time eating here.  They even wanted tips at the counter?  Tip for what!??  Here's a tip, lower your prices and hire a chef to change your menu.I didn't actually have the beignets here.  I decided to check out the music and have a beverage instead.  They have a $5 menu of the quintessential New Orleans alcoholic beverages.  They're obviously small, but they're not watered down.  The band was fine, it was a great spot to people watch.  Maybe next time I'll actually try the beignets.Great location with jazz musicians playing/singing while you eat. We grabbed a late breakfast, a omelet and beignets with cafe au lait. It was pretty good and we didn't have to wait forever in line. But the pigeons were all over us! We had to keep moving so the pigeons wouldn't peck at our feet and on our table. Eww.Wow. If you're in New Orleans, you will probably have to go to Cafe du mond. ... they're known around the world for their beignets. They are o.k to be honest....but...there is a better...far better spot in the heart of the French Quarter called Cafe Beignet. The beignets are much better...the crowd is much smaller...nothing above your head but sky... oh and did I mention the live jazz? An incredible experience.LOVED this place!!!! Such a cool atmosphere. Cocktails were good prices and the beignets are yummy!!!! great jazz music and outdoor people watching.Fresh beignets, good coffee, a full bar and live band in the courtyard. Can't go wrong with stopping in here during an afternoon in the French quarter.Long line to order and wait again, but it was much quicker then other places, and they bring the food to you. Only ordered the beignets,  can't imagine trying to eat an actual breakfast or lunch there with allllllll those people watching you.Alton Brown disappointed us by saying this is the best beignets he has ever had. It was a doughy, oily mess. Not fluffy at all! Cafe Du Monde is way better.
We got the crawfish omelette plate & everything was under seasoned and a bland mess. I would NOT return here for anything but the coffee. Their iced cafe au lait was the only good thing.The beignets here were light, fluffy and delicious!  They are also far better than Cafe Du Mon's beignets, which were small and over cooked.  If you are looking for the best beignets, this place is where it's at!  The live music in the court yard is a nice added bonus too!The beignets are a must try or must try again and again lol!!! This was the first place we stopped by during our NOLA visit and I am so glad we did! 
The beignets are light and fluffy and had just the right amount of powdery sugary goodness! In comparison to Cafe du Monde, I much prefer this place because of the super fluffy texture. The competition was so dense which made me not want to finish this sweet treat. 
Things to keep in mind, this Cafe Beignet location does not have a indoor seating area but more like a patio set up with parts of it with a roof/covering. There is a bar for drinks and a stage for the live jazz band. This is quite enjoyable on a nice sunny day but maybe a bit challenging during the rainy season. However, the other two locations do have a indoor section so definitely keep that in mind. Also, the price- the beignets are 3 for $3.99 at Cafe Beignet while the well known competiton is under $3 for 3 beignets. 
In regards to the service, I would have to agree to the other Yelpers and service was not the best but straight forward. The yummy beignets definitely made up for it though!! Thumbs up!El cafe esta dentro del Musical Legends Park, un hermoso lugar con estatuas de celebres musicos, un saxofón enorme y siempre hay un grupo de jazz tocando. Esto es lo mejor del sitio. Los "beignets" igual que en los demas sitios, y una atención bastante regular. Un lugar para tomarse un par de cervezas, escuchar unas tandas de musica, tomar unas buenas fotos y no mas. Venden sanduches y cocteles que no probé.We were walking down Bourbon Street and came across Cafe Beignet.  They had great live Jazz band and so we went in and ordered our first Beignets in New Orleans.  They were outstanding; light and fluffy.  And eating them while listening to great live Jazz music was outstanding.  We were also excited to try the Beignets at Cafe Du Monde because we heard that was a great place to go for them.  That was bad information.  We hated the Beignets at Cafe Du Monde because they were dense and not that flavorful.  We actually threw them away.  Plus they didn't have any live music while we were there.  I'm so glad we found Cafe Beignet because they had outstanding Beignets.went here to avoid the cafe du monde crowd.
should have fought the cafe du monde crowd.
i'd be stoked if cafe beignet was in austin, but compared to cafe du monde? not so much...
good courtyard, decent prices.  but, i'd still say walk a little further and endure the spectacle for cafe du monde.Price - Average
Service - Fast and efficient.
Wait Time - About 20 minutes no matter what time of day.
Decor - Wrought iron chairs/tables, plenty of outdoor seating.  Not the cleanest place but to be expected of any place in NOLA and on Bourbon Street.
Food - Plenty of breakfast dishes, pastries and lunch menu.
1. Cafe Au Lait - Too much milk, coffee was very weak.  Piping hot and lots of foam.
2. Beignets -Two people could share an order.  Three huge square or rectangular shaped beignets dusted with powder sugar.  I forgot that beignets weren't light.  Very dense but came out fresh and hot.  I haven't been to Cafe DuMonde in years so I couldn't compare.This place was right across our hotel so we gave it a shot.
We loved it!  Situated in the Music Legends park on Bourbon Street, they had live entertainment.  The beignets were light and fluffly.  The coffee was ok, not as good as Cafe Du Monde's coffee.  
Music was good.We came here twice at the end of the year, the beignets were outstanding-prices seem good, however the music was gold! They had a band called "Steamboat Willie" playing every night till 12am, consisting of 5 older men, playing jazz. It was very nice to sit down and here NOLA jazz and have a snack. I warn you though that you should get there at least before 7pm because of limited seating.its small, long lines, small patio seating area (try to sit outside, inside can get a little crowded)
the beignets were good, and so was the jambalaya!So I will say this place has so much charm that ANY other beignet shop will fall short. The crowd doesn't make it look like a beignet sweat shop pumping out food and seating is bountiful. That being said I would say the beignet is second best. I have had both and find them to be slightly less enjoyable. The experience of this local shop will still make you sit while being accompanied by enjoyable jazz and smiling faces.Great atmosphere but have to say the beignets are better at Cafe de Monde..... Don't know if it was an off day for them but you could taste the oil used to fry them and they were a bit over cooked.We also had breakfast which was good: bagel breakfast sandwich and crab omelette with grits. My husband is picky about his grits and he said they were good. The coffee also had a good flavor.I finally caught it open in the after noon. it bothers me that there isnt a sign that says what time they open or what time they close. My friends and I got our beignest and frozen cafe au laits. Though my friend prefers this one, I prefer cafe du monde. I do like the flavor more but then ice wasnt as finely crushed as cafe du monde's. The beignets were also delicious though. But walking in, I wonder if beignets are the things I should order just cause I see people ordering everything else but the beignets. =/
on the bright side, theres a lot of space and had a band play music that afternoon.I stopped in quickly during a scavenger hunt and only ordered one drink - a $5 mojito that was advertised as a special. The drink was small, which isn't too big a deal, but seeing as $7 can get you a drink 5 times the size right around the corner, it was hard to swallow one so small for that price. In addition, the mojito was made with a sugar water mix and no actual mint, so... I can't imagine why anyone would want that. Forgive me - it was national mojito day and this was the only bar I saw that advertised it.
The drinks did come quickly and the staff was friendly, but overall I can't say it was worth it.You have to wait in line to order. There are people who bring the food out. The beignets were comparable to the Cafe Du Monde, but my wife and I preferred the Cafe Du Monde's beignets. 
At CDM the beignet was warmer and more molten inside, and the inside was sweeter. The Beignet at Cafe Beignet were very good and the atmosphere was more relaxed an less of a cattle call.While walking down Bourbon street during the day into the afternoon you can hear the music that will make your experience all the better! I passed by here to just listen to the talent, amazing to say the least. I came back here the next day to try the food. The po' boys were okay. Everything else on the menu also looked good, maybe i should have tried something else. The statues provide for a great history lesson! Anyways, stop in here for some great music and an authentic experience to add to your New Orleans trip.The outdoor seating here is Heaven and feels like classic New Orleans. It seems like there is always a live band. It is one of my favorite spots for chickory coffee, beignets, and music. Even though you need to get the beignets, you can't go wrong having lunch here as well. Their jambalaya is some of the best in the city. Really fun vibe, great food, great music, great prices.Cafe Beignet on Bourbon St has a great outdoor patio and local live music from 8AM to Midnight. The staff is great, drinks and beignets are delicious. Other pastries looked incredible too and they have light breakfast and lunch items. We'll try to fit this in again during our stay.Nice outdoor patio area. Live music was decent. Did not try the beignets . We ordered cocktails and they were extremely sweet and ...blah. 
Great place to warm up from the local overuse of a/c .Whoever invented deep frying was a genius. It seems downright disrespectful that this cooking technique isn't named after the inventor. Can you imagine a butcher asking his customer 'Are you going to go home and soak that chicken in buttermilk then 'Smith' that bad boy up?' What an epic conversation.
This place has mastered the art of fried dough - light, crispy beignets covered with icing sugar that you can't stop nibbling on while being serenaded by a fantastic band. Few better ways to spend an hour or two in New Orleans.Get ready to inhale your fluffy and warm plate of beignets when you stop by Cafe Beignet on Bourbon Street. The open-air dining scene is perfect on those comfortably mild mornings in NOLA.
It's easy to order. Just request your beignets, coffee (or, in my case, mocha!) and whatever else you'd like from their well-crafted menu, and have a seat. 
They'll deliver your beignets when ready -- which can take a few minutes since they're clearly made fresh. During our visit, we opted to sit at the bar and chat with the friendly bartender on duty around 10 a.m. Surprisingly, no one was ordering boozy drinks yet, so we had a lengthy and helpful conversation about unique places to visit in the city.
All the while, a live band was performing jazz a few yards away. It was such a relaxing experience and not at all what you'd typically find on the block.
Only con: Bathrooms. They are gross, tiny and smell terrible. Do not use their bathrooms if you can help yourself; do eat the beignets.Beignets were really good, would definitely recommend order this, only.
I was hungover, surprise surprise and I was looking forward to some good grub to fill the void that was in my stomach.  Unfortunately, the jambalaya was all rice, few pieces of sausage, couldn't really find the chicken.  
My mom ordered the gumbo, and it looked really watery.  My pops is from Louisiana and can make a legit gumbo, this was not it.
Dad was the one who made the best choice in ordering the beignets.  They were f'ing delicious.  The order came with three, poor guy only got to eat one before I plowed the other two.The jazz musicians are the reason to come here. The beignets are good but not great. They're so rich and fried that all you need to go with them is a cup of black coffee. The service is pretty crappy, but the atmosphere was great. Lonely Planet said that the beignets are a toss-up between here and Cafe du Monde, but after going to both, I'd have to say the beignets are worse here but the atmosphere is more awesome. That's the true toss-up.Best Beignets ever!!!!!! Way better than Cafe Du Monde. 
So I accidentally stumbled upon Cafe Beignets because I wanted a photo with the statues infront and well after my photo I heard some live music coming from the back of the court so I decided to walk back there and found Cafe Beignets and decided to order a Beignet while I was there. 
Well the order took quite a long time to come out atleast 30min I believe but when the Beignets came out they were so light and fluffy, so mouth watering, every bite was well worth the wait. If you compare the two location I believe the beignets at Cafe Du Monde was very thick and dense and I don't know if it is the oil they used but I thought the beignets at Cafe Du Monde had a nasty oily taste... but it could just be me.... 
If you're in the French Quarters ~ Cafe Beignet all the way.Place was good. Beignets were ok but waaaaaay better than gawd awful cafe du Monde. A jazz band was playing on the scene which was awesome to listen to while chilling.Steamboat Willie played some awesome jazz. This is a good spot to hang outside and enjoy quality New Orleans musicGood iced coffee, great music and fresh, warm beignets piled hi with powdered sugar.....great treat after a big dinner.The beignets are much better than at that tourist trap CdM.  Theyre bigger and always hot and fresh here. And not near the wait you have at CdM. But for a real treat it's their carrot cake. Yummmy.  The best.
Their other menu items are just ok at best. Much better places in the FQ to have a meal where the food is much better.
We head here every time we're in NOLA but only for their beignets and carrot cake. We take their carrot cake back home.Honestly I was a bit disappointed. I first went to Cafe Du Monde but reading reviews they were better here. Unfortunately our Beignet was dense, greasy and not that good. My wife and I shared an order but wife barely ate any saying it was not worth the calories. Maybe we just had a bad order but doubt I would go back. Gave 3 stars as others around us seemed happy.I'm beginning to wonder if perhaps I just don't like beignets. I tried this place and Cafe du Monde, the two most famous beignet stands in all of New Orleans, and both were pretty bad. Cafe Beignet was by far the worst. Their beignets were hard, super oily and loaded with far too much powdered sugar. I am sure the oil using to fry these things was at least a month old. There was just a nasty old grease taste and the dense dough was overcooked (way too brown). The beignets were the consistency of thick loaf bread. I took one bite and was done. Not only that, it's in a huge tourist area so they have inflated prices to match. I did enjoy sitting in the lovely outdoor courtyard where very talented jazz musicians entertained us and passed the hat. That's the only reason I am giving this place the extra star.We spent an evening here listening to great music and watching some foreign students from Japan swing dance in the courtyard.  The place was packed and we stood for awhile before getting to sit down.  There seemed to be only one waitress in our area and it took a long time to get drinks.  After paying, the couple at our table waited 25 minutes before she came back with their change - in between, she had been taking drink orders at other tables.   We didn't order food, but loved the music.Cute little cafe right in the heart of the quarter. I had wan egg sausage breakfast sandwich that was light enough that I could keep walking around but pleasing enough that I felt full. Birds literally flew into the cafe from the open patio- like a scene from a fairytale. I also had the lemonade but it was a little too tart for me, still refreshing though.Went here today for a late breakfast. I ordered the Cajun Hashbrowns, and they were room temperature at best. My eggs had a hair in them.  I ended up returning my food and getting my money back. My coffee and beignets were good though.  I enjoyed the live music as well. Perhaps a decent place to grab a drink and enjoy some music, but I would not recommend the food at all.***Changed to 4 for service! I asked about some tea and the water wasn't as warm as I like, but I took the tea anyway because I didn't want to be that needy customer. Well the server with out me asking brought tea to my table that was very hot! --awesome!!
Probably the cheapest food on B street. It's nice to get a $10 meal plus live NOLA music. Very casual, tasty, and cheap!This should be your first stop for Coffee and Beignets, not that other place, which we went to the day before.  Though it's on Bourbon Street, due to the courtyard open air experience, it has that off Bourbon feel.  No wait, friendly staff, and food is served piping hot.  There is a walk up counter where you can order breakfast all day, or get classic cajun dishes like Red Beans and Rice and Jambalaya.  The Beignets were out of sight good.  if your looking for a snack, the RB&R were good and appeared to have been homemade.  And to the left is a bar with frozen drinks, beer and full bar.  The court yard has propane heaters, palm trees and a live band playing New Orleans Jazz all day.03/06/16 - Great little outdoor cafe in New Orleans on Bourbon Street W/live jazz W/Steamboat Willie and his band which include Willie on the keyboards & vocal a drummer and a beautiful Japanese trombone player.  What a great way to relax grab a cold beer sit back and listen to some great jazz Nawlins style before I have to head back to the airport.   Da big easy wish I had more time here but Cie la vie.   I will be back when I have more time.  Very nice ambiance and a great place to kick back and listen to some jazz.Way too salty!  I mean it was like I was eating a salt lick.  The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was good for breakfast/brunch crowd but the food was just wrong.  The beignet (which I have read on yelp as being just as good as Cafe Du Monde, but without the wait) was a brick of dough that was barely warm and utterly tasteless.  It took me longer to chew one bite of their beignet than it has taken me to write this review.  
In their defense, my friends had their straight up eggs and bacon with some coffee and they seemed happy.  For myself, it almost ruined my day when combined with my hangover.The beignet was very greasy, and not very warm. The omelet, beef posted boy, and the grits were extremely underwhelming. Obviously, 4 stars suggest this is a good place to eat, but we had to go elsewhere to get our beignet fix. Will not be coming back as everything we tried, we disliked.The live band is great. It was late @ night, literally 5mins b4 closing, so the coffee wasn't the best. But I feel like if I came earlier it would be perfect. The beignets were fresh out of the oil & extremely powdered just the way I like. I thought they were a lil soft, my little sister loves them soft. I prefer them a bit crispier. But still a yummy good time with a band, bar, & powdery goodness.Best beignets in New Orleans! Light not greasy, perfect amount of powdered sugar.  coffee was great too.Terrible service and horrible value! $9 Cajun hash browns took over 20 minutes and were served cold. We were told to wait for beignets, which weren't ready yet. After 3 other later-arriving patrons were served beignets, we asked about ours.  Saw 2 more customers get serves ahead, so asked again. We were then finally served beignets, which were OK, but not good enough to overcome our worst NOLA experience to date. Skip this dive and go anywhere else. Waste of time and moneyWe enjoyed the andouille sausage omelet with grits and French bread. The sausage is a slightly spicy counterpoint to the mild grits and the egg.  The egg was well cooked, not runny yet not over cooked or rubbery. I enjoyed every bite!
I had stated that I wanted my own order of beignets (3 per order) but halfway thru the sweet pastries, I confessed that I could have shared an order with my husband. Each beignet was at least 3 inches square and no one skimped on the powdered sugar topping.Definitely come here for the outdoorsy seatings and live jazz/rhythm and blues. I ordered beignets and Cafe Au Lait. Both were mediocre.  The beignets were too doughy.  I didn't like it much.  Go to Cafe Du Monde for the good stuffs. But stop by here for the music and ambiance.Probably captures a lot of the essence of the quarter in the morning. The crawfish omelet was very nice and the beignets were fine. The Jazz group added a NOrleans flavor. Outside dining is nice when the weather permits. Probably wouldn't a habitat of eating here as there are lots of options and why go back to the same place.My Californian husband thinks the beignets are better than Cafe Du Monde, but even as a local, I disagree. He just wants to dislike Du Monde because it's so popular. The prices are for tourists and the beignets are soso. The patio on the side is nice because musicians usually play nearby.I want to give this place 5 stars but I just can't. The beignets are delicious, the little courtyard/park with live music is adorable and my iced cafe au lait was great. The boyfriend and I decided to try out their famous crawfish omelette and we were so excited about it. We waited awhile to get our food delivered to our table and we cut into the omelette to discover that it was ham and not crawfish. My boyfriend is very laid back (and was very hungry) so we decided to not send it back to get the right one. I was really bummed since I was excited for the crawfish (I mean we are in NOLA, I wanted some dang crawfish!) Other than that though, this place was awesome!Beignets are good and the bar there has the best daiquiri (SoCo Mango). Seating is limited and traffic flow near the bar or cafe is congested.Beautiful setting in the park with live jazz. The beignets were great and the bar is nice and efficient.Great beignets, live music without the Cafe du Monde crowd.  If you have to say you went to CdM then do it. But these are good.I give them 4 stars almost exclusively because of the atmosphere. Their patio has live music almost all the time. I went for coffee at 9 a.m. on a Monday morning and there was a live band playing already.
I had their coffee and beignets and they are pretty good. I know it's trendy to go to Cafe du Monde  but Cafe du Monde's beignets and coffee are better.  
I also went another time and had the shrimp basket. It was pretty average. I also had a hurricane with my lunch and the hurricane was just about terrible. It was red Kool Aid and no taste of alcohol.
The staff was friendly and again, the atmosphere is so good it makes up for the average food. I would recommend having a beer and listen to the music and go somewhere else for food.I hated it! The coffee was just okay but the beignets were just gross. They were thick and dense and had no flavor. I had gone to Cafe Du Monde twice before this place and loved it but since Alton Brown gave it a great review I wanted to give it a try before I left New Orleans-big mistake! Instead of having a delicious cup of coffee and an order of 3 light fluffy delicious beignets (like at Cafe Du Monde) I only ate one and felt sick to my stomach.  I packed the rest to go but never ate them.My favorite spot in the French Quarter. It can get very busy, but the food was good, the beignets were perfection, and the coffee was even better. 
Our first day in New Orleans we decided to battle the 30+ minute wait and got the Cajun hash, breakfast sandwich on a croissant, beignets, and iced coffees. We sat in the outside courtyard and indulged ourselves. The food was yummy, and the beignets were messy goodness with powdered sugar flying everywhere. We sipped our iced coffees for at least an hour after, so delicious. The next 4 days was a constant battle between not wanting to wait in line or craving their beignets and coffee after they closed at 5pm!Well if I could give this place a zero star grade I would. I tried to eat there after I checked into my hotel which is across the street. My boyfriend and I grabbed a table, we just wanted some food and to watch the jazz band. We waited ages for a waitress to come to us with a menu or anything at all. Nothing. I saw one coming by me and said "excuse could we please have a menu?" she looked at me, didn't say a word and walked away. We're both hungry and trying to get anyone's attention, after a while when my boyfriend just had it, he got up and went inside to ask someone for a menu, the grumpy lady just tells him he should just check the board outside. When he finally snaps at her and she decides she won't serve us cause he was "too intoxicated", and we're talking about someone who doesn't even drink alcohol!  So when I tried to go there and talk to her  I am interrupted by the bartender, a very nice guy who says they won't serve us cause his boss said my boyfriend was too intoxicated, I explained to him we just got there from the airport and wanted some food, we never had any drinks and didn't want any drinks, we were just trying to order for a while and had no success, we were mad due to the horrible service, that was all. Still they refused to serve us. How dare you accuse someone of being too intoxicated when they didn't even drink? We went to a place around the corner where the food was nice, tomorrow I'll be spending my money at Cafe du Monde just like everyone else does, and now I know why.Cafe au lait was fine but beignets were heavy, and uncooked doughy in the very center. Decided to try this place because Cafe du Monde had a huge line. Now I know why...no comparison.Good place to go to enjoy some live music and hang outside. Food is okay. Prices are reasonable.Unlike many of the other reviewers, I unfortunately had a very bad experience in terms of their food. We arrived in the evening in New Orleans and on our first night while we were checking out the city walking about the french quarter, we were lured in by the wonderful jazz playing inside. We went inside to order and thought we should try a po-boy since that is what new orleans is known for. So we ordered two roast beef po-boys and two abita ales. I'm afraid the po-boys were really salty and sloppy and one of the worst meals of my life. The flavorless beef slices were swimming in this sloppy gravy/sauce that was super salty with no other flavor. Even microwaveable hot pockets are better than this and the beers did not help in any way to make it taste better. I guess the breakfast is much better from the reviews I've read from other yelpers. The only saving grace was the live jazz band. I would say avoid the place for anything other than breakfast and please please please don't ever order the Roast Beef Po-Boy.Great place to pick up Beignets in NO. Live Jazz band at 10:00 on a Saturday June morning. There was no line at the register and there was plenty of outdoor seating with mist coolers and a fountain. There is another Cafe Beignet about 3 blocks away, but the line was all the way out the door to the street.Located just inside the Music Legends Park is Cafe Beignet.  Ordered the jambalaya and shared the shrimp platter (fried shrimp and fries) while sipping on some coffee (at first) and then some Abita beer.  Aaaaahhhh.
The jambalaya was good but a bit on the dry side (I'd order it again though).  The shrimp and fries were good (nothing spectacular but good).  The beignets?  Pure heaven on a plate!  Alton Brown featured them in his show "Best Thing I Ever Ate" so you know they are good!  
You order your food at the counter and they give you a plastic cup with your number on it and bring your food to you outside in the sun...while enjoying some live jazz.  What could be better?!  
This is definitely a must stop for me.Great location, right at the heart of Bourbon St in the French Quarter. We were recommended to try Cafe Beignet over going to the mad house that is Cafe du Monde. I'm glad we had a little bit more of a relaxed NOLA beignet experience. You can sit outside, take in some live music, and of course, plenty of people watching. We shared an order of the beignets. We didn't have to wait too long to order, and receive our food (it was late afternoon/early evening). They came out hot and completely covered in powdered sugar. It was nice place for a pit stop after all the walking.I knew I had to get some beignets while visiting New Orleans so my girls and I stumbled upon this place while walking down Bourbon St. It's hidden towards the back of this very inviting courtyard with live music and cute little tables and chairs. Yes it was hot and humid but we sucked it up ordered some beignets grabbed a table and enjoyed the live music and the people watching. 
One order comes with 3 gigantic beignets with tons of powdered sugar. I'm happy I decided to split the order with my friend or I would have been on sugar and carb overload because I would have def. forced myself to finish every drop!! 
Great place to get the "New Orleans" experience and take a break from the excitement and smells on Bourbon street :-)Better beignets than cafe du Monde, I'm talking about melt in your mouth Beignets. Mmmm. My other favorite item here would be the Cajun hashbrowns....really really delicious.Good beignets made fresh just didn't like the seating all outside. The tables were very dirty didn't want to touch them but the birds had a field day eating off themThe Truth!!!!!
Food is too bland to describe! You don't want to eat here! 
Fast drink waitress took our order but drink and food order is separate. You have to order food in line. Food is so bland I can't believes I'm in New Orleans. Please don't bother!!!!!!!!!While this is a cool place to set and have a coffee (or a beer for that matter) and listen to some jazz, but I would not come here again for the food.  My boyfriend and I stopped over for breakfast.  I ordered an iced coffee and a western omelette, which was very lacking in the veggie department and the cheese was all on one side.  Also, the grits were flavorless and terrible.  I left them on the plate.  My boyfriend ordered an iced mocha, which was good, and a breakfast sandwich, which was so-so.  We also got beignets to share, just to compare to Cafe du Monde.  Cafe du Monde wins.  The beignets here were huge, but that made them doughey and they just plain didn't taste as good.My first night in NOLA and I find perfect coffee and dessert.  The decaf coffee was full bodied and at the perfect temperature. A single order of Beignets consists of 3 huge Beignets mounded high with powdered sugar.  Just as good if not better then that other Cafe that has its name on all the coffee cans:-).  The coffee here tasted much better as well.Beignets are 3 for $3.99 plus tax =$4.38
Too pricey for beignets. The beignets here are denser and more cake-like. I personally prefer cafe du monde's lighter fluffier original version. However, cafe beignet offers live jazz music bands in the outdoor patio seating.