Let me start by saying I come every year to The Jazz Festival and I always always stop at Cafe Conti for breakfast on my first and last day in Nola. This French boutique coffee shop is amazing. The service is excellent and the food is superb. I always try to leave a complement to the chef and I love that they change the menu slightly every day.Stopped by for a quick breakfast before our tour one morning! Ordered the croque madame with a side of fruit. Yummy way to start my day :)Average to good breakfast, BUT definitely not great... semi fooled by previous posts. Only a couple other people here at 7 AM and my server seemed "off." Grits were good, Benedict was average (comes on French bread which was soggy, just semi warm opposed to what I'd expect it to be, I've had better hot dogs than the sausage, egg was almost all the way cooked through, hollandaise sauce tasted over cooked/tangy). Coffee was fine, but not good. Pretty sure I could have found a better spot...We had the eggs Benedict of the day and the French toast. The food is fantastic! Very relaxing and quaint atmosphere. The service was unfortunately not the best, but this careless waiter seemed to be the exception rather than the majority.We thoroughly enjoyed the crepes. I had the mixed berry and my husband had the bacon  one the were both way more than what I was expecting out of this little cafe!This location was recommended to us by our Ghost Adventures tour guide. This quaint cafe is located inside a hotel.  This restaurant offers a comfortable and casual environment. I ordered the omelette of the day which was mushroom and spinach served with roasted potatoes -- I added bacon to my omelette.  The amount of food for the price was reasonable and the presentation of the food was great.  This was a great suggestion for breakfast. Anyone looking for a cute breakfast place to eat at while in the French Quarter that serves delicious food, gives generous portion sizes, while dining in a comfortable environment, this is the place to go!This place is very quiet and quaint. It is well decorated with a classic French feel to it. The staff is very friendly and will tell you what's popular, but haven't personally tried the items on the menu. Boo! My water glass was never empty and they have a great selection of sweet and savory crêpes, as well as brunch items, salads and sides. They are reasonably priced, with the Shrimp and grits being the most expensive thing at $14. I got the bacon, brie, scallions and apricot crêpe. The food came out in a timely manner and was rather tasty. My wife got the mixed berries and crème anglaise crêpes and they were delicious as well. I would come back here.Small little spot...but Food here is delicious!!
The iced coffee was great too! All of us (5 girls) were very pleased with our meals...from crepes to benedict to salmon bagels. Yum yum yum!Somewhat limited menu, basically egg dishes, a couple sides and several crepe options. Got the Benedict of the day: mushroom spinach on a croissant. It was awesome. The only downside was that it wasn't fresh spinach, it was piled high with a ton of creamy spinach dip. Not to say it wasn't delicious,  it was just really heavy. The croissant was grilled perfectly, the eggs were poached perfectly and the textures made for a perfect combo. Service was good, coffee was just right. 
Only downside is that I got the potatoes as my side. The we're grilled in a little olive oil, but not seasoned at all. Pretty bland. 
Great little cafe.So I can see where you could have a fantastic meal here...but I didn't have one.   We came in and were greeted by a server who didn't have a lot of personality.   He wasn't deficient on service, but he wasn't friendly either.   
I ordered the Bacon, Scallion, Brie, and Apricot Crepe.  I was actually surprised at how large it was.  Lots of filling in two crepes.  Believe it or not though, that was actually the problem.  My dish had AT LEAST half a cup of apricot jelly in addition to a good handful of dried apricots.  It was so sweet and overwhelming that I couldn't eat it.  I ended up dissecting it and scooping out big blobs of jam off the side.  It was much better and more balanced after that, but it was pretty much ruined for me.   
My boyfriend went with the Creamed Spinach, Sunny Egg, Bacon and Gruyère Crepe.  Same deal with his, though because the overflow was the spinach (something not sweet), his was much more palatable.   
Overall, I think they need to balance the toppings/fillings better and then add a small side of potatoes or something to break it up.Absolutely amazing breakfast! I was dealing with a slight hangover and knew I needed something a little heavier and carb laden. I had checked out Yelp photos before heading here with my husband so I knew there were some good things ahead. My husband did not know what to expect, and he was pretty unsure about the place when we entered. The atmosphere is quaint and not necessarily super warm. The table that we sat at was small, and the chairs were pretty uncomfortable. Service was fine, but not overly effusive. 
My meal, however, was outstanding. I had the Benedict du Jour, which was andouille sausage sauteed with peppers and onions over French bread. It was so insanely tasty and was heavy enough to squash my hangover. The breakfast potatoes on the side were also tasty. My husband, who had an initial bad impression of the place, played it safe and ordered the American Breakfast. While his was good, his mouth dropped when he saw my plate and what he was missing. He stole a few too many bites from me. 
Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to soak up any next day horrors from the French Quarter. Order something a bit outside the box, and you'll be thrilled!Had shrimp and grits for breakfast and it was super buttery, which was both a good thing and a bad thing. The shrimp were tasty though and the place itself had a lot of charm. A nice quiet place to read the paper.Wonderful little cafe. It's small maybe 10 table max, so get there early. Honestly everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing. I ordered the crepe with creamed spinach, bacon and egg, with a side of potatoes and a mocha, and everything was delicious. I want to go back just to try everything else on the menu.Enjoyed a bagel and lox. Great amount of all needed to make it delicious....capers, thinly sliced red onion, tomato and cream cheese. Salmon was cold and firm. Coffee was great. Enjoyed this brunch!Good crepe breakfast. We got a savory ham crepe, and a berries and cream sweet crepe. Both were good. It's the breakfast area of a hotel, and sort of feels like it, but its done in a sort of fancy old style. However we didn't feel uncomfortable coming in here for a quick breakfast in our biking clothes.What a wonderful little breakfast cafe!
I had a baguette with smoked salmon which was absolutely wonderful. The serving sizes are large, but not exceedingly so. The food is fantastic and very well presented.
I highly suggest visiting this cozy cafe inside the Prince Conti Hotel. Come for the food and stay for the incredibly attractive staff -- especially the handsome chef in the back. Give him a wink for me!1/18/16:  update. Since reviewing all the photos it seems to me there are inconsistencies in the food. They seem to make most people happy most of the time. Let's face it, it's rather a touristy spot so the crepe you're served may not be exactly the same the next day, but you'll never know -- you're flying home :) They do know how to cook eggs! The photos of the fruit bowls were consistent w/ the beautiful fruit we rec'd on visit one. The photos of the cafe coffees, etc. all look fab -- I wish that's what I'd received. In retro, perhaps Goliath affected them even more than I first speculated. i. e. supplies, being swamped by extra patrons, & (checking photo times) it being nearly noon on the wait-list-day-two visit. 
Compilation, had breakfast twice. 
The little French cafe across the carriage way from the Prince Conti's entrance, Love the toile, the octagonal tile floor. Fast it is not. Nice, friendly staff, reasonably priced for freshly cooked food. $12 average. 
Hubby's French toast, per waiter, was actually sliced bread pudding. It was a daily chalkboard special, as was my Benedict, ham & Brie on baguette. The French toast had chocolate chips, pecans, cranberries. It was delish! 
Soft pop vocals (Elton John) played. 
I sent my compliments to back of house -- my eggs were perfect. The greens were superfluous but pretty. Real ham steak. 
This visit alone would have been a five. 
My rating is because of our second visit. 
They may have been overworked because Goliath had left many of us stranded. But they just didn't seem as anxious to please. It was packed & we had a short wait. I immediately ordered a Cappuccino & when it was delivered (too promptly, wasn't that great) in a coffee mug, no matter apologies, I was disappointed. Pictures will show there were enough cups. Everyone else got a proper cup. A Cappuccino certainly should have. 
No music. Hubby was told "no French Toast" although it was on the menu. So he had the special of Benedict on everything bagel. 
Both of us were served unripened fruit, I spit out a piece of hard, green cantaloupe. I ordered the croissant sandwich w/ omelet and Brie, having the ham held off as I felt it would be too difficult to eat that kind of thick ham on a croissant, & I asked the waitress to make sure about the ham. Hubby's Benedict was served on undressed field greens. 
Would I give them another chance? Probably.The crepes are light and perfect. We visited twice for breakfast and ordered takeout for lunch once during our 4 day visit so you know it was good!
I had the creamed spinach crepe the first day and was blown away by how much I enjoyed it! I really would never have dreamed that the spinach would be that good and the bacon was perfectly cooked. The chai latte was also good.
For lunch we tried the shrimp and grits and the grist were also very good. 
On our third visit I tried the eggs benny special that had shrimp and artichoke and it was also delicious. Our group ordered an obscene amount of food but it was all so good!
The service was friendly but not terribly accommodating (one of our group wanted to order a banana and Nutella crepe and it was a bit of a pain to try and customize a crepe) and drinks were forgotten on our first visit but the food was just so good that we had to keep coming back!Great experience! The service was great! The portions were quite large. We had the Benedict special of the day, cheese plate and the Lox bagel. Everything was delicious.  Cozy place!This place was awesome. Recommend by the staff at our hotel for a late breakfast. Had the peaches and cream crepes and specialty Benedict with grits. So good!Location was very convenient since we were staying at the Prince Conti hotel. Our waiter Sam was awesome. Very attentive and friendly. We all ordered different things to try. I got the croissant breakfast sandwich and it was so good!!! It's very small so maybe not ideal for large groups, but perfect for our group of 4!I absolutely loved this place!!!! I had the Antipasto Benedict on Gritcakes! These are to die for! And my friend had the Roasted chicken, Tomato& Basil crepe! Also very savory! Everyone is very friendly and the coffee will wake you up after a night out of drinking!!!!!! Come here! Don't miss this place!Worst service ever.  Our waitress seemed to have woken up on the wrong side of the bed.  She barely acknowledged us, didn't go over the specials, didn't bring a few of us our coffee and even after my friend told her she was in a rush, made no obvious effort to speed up the process. A few minutes after our food came and before we were done eating she brought the check over and seemed eager to have us pay the bill. The food was good but in this case the poor service overshadowed the food.My experience at Café Conti was superb! I had the Shrimp and Grits for lunch and the flavor was out of this world! So delicious! Our waiter, Claude, was charming and attentive! My coffee mug never went dry and at the same time he gave us a certain much valued space! The staff overall was great, but Claude stood out as being particularly pleasant: a real pro! 
Amazing food and a lovely experience! Thanks Claude!!!Loved this little place!! Off the main streets, the food was amazing with great service also!!B r u h !
Service impeccable,
Presentation priceless,
Food fantastically flavorful,
Ambiance alluring!Good food, slow service.
Didn't want to eat at a chain for breakfast  this morning and found the Conti Cafe, one of the few places near my hotel that serves breakfast.  When I walked in, there were no employees in sight and I wasn't sure how to get service.  The valet from the associated hotel helped by fetching the waitress from the kitchen.  I ordered coffee and she brought the cup and settings but never brought the coffee until I asked her when my meal arrived (the next time I saw her). The Southern Benedict (served on cornbread with a tasso sauce) was exactly what I was looking for and quite flavorful, served in a moderately sized portion.  After I was done and the waitress brought my check, it took another 15 minutes for her to collect it.  To her credit, she was quite pleasant. Restaurant was clean, quiet, and well lit.
Overall, I found this 14 table restaurant worthwhile for the food, though the service was aggravating.
No conflicts of interest to disclose.Nom! Ate my bacon, scallion, brie, and apricot crepe like it was going out of style! 
Our waitress was super nice and attentive - coffee cups were never empty. Small little place, but well worth the wait!Great, cute little place! They had really good service and the menu has some very interesting dishes! If I could it's a place I would definitely visit again!Breakfast here is very good, i had a savory crepe and a delicious chai latte!The crepes are really good. Creative recipes with good variety to choose from. The staff is very friendly and personable. Atmosphere is casual. It's a small place but never really crowded. Thumbs up!Food was average, service was poor. Unfriendly staff. Also, felt rushed at the end of our meal. Wouldn't be sad if I never went there again.The food was delicious! Had the special of the day-ham, caramelized onion and apple eggs benedict and couldn't stop eating. Would take a pic a pick but nothing left on the plate!Great place! The crepes were delicious! The vrits are buttery and creamy! Espresso shot wirh cream is amazing!Good, not great. My croque Madame was really good, my friends chicken hash was also yummy. We enjoyed a pleasant breakfast in this cute little cafe. Service was a little slow and coffee was not good. They do have cappuccino machine, suggest this rather than coffee.Perfect benedicts!  Their crepes are awesome!  Exceptional service!  Highly recommended!Delicious, honest food- reasonably priced too. Great cup of coffee! Get the Grits Bowl... everything you'd want in one bowl... heaven!!!!This was by far the very best breakfast I have ever had in Nola.  From the staff to the specials it was a amazing experience. The food tasted wonderful and they let us customize what we wanted.  The coffee~ a 3 cupper!  Damn good eats!Not all the hype!...  I had the Benedict of the day, which was pretty good. my wife had the crepes and they were underwhelming to say the least. I would desribe them as a slightly thinner pancake than a crepe. The crab filling was good, but overall not higher than 3 stars. Crepe has to be thinner and lighter in our opinion. Mediocre service btw.Quiet and cute creperie. good sweet crepes but it's hard to find a bad crepe anywhereWe came to this place for Sunday brunch to end our short New Orleans stay. It is a small, charming place to grab a late morning bite. The staff was generally friendly and accurately answered all questions I had about the menu. We started with a salted caramel latte and the Aztec mocha. The caramel was delicious and literally like tasting a piece of candy. The Aztec was amazing as it possessed a spicy kick (I love spices in almost everything). We then had the creamy spinach crepe and the crab crepe. Both were very good, but I've never really had anything like it to compare it to. Generally this is a solid place for brunch and I wouldn't mind returning should I make my way back to the Big Easy.Absolutely excellent breakfast. So many spots in the French Quarter are over priced or under-quality. Cafe Conti delivered on all 4 breakfast dishes - eggs Benny of the day, grits of the day (shrimp, mushrooms, goat cheese blended in to make them super creamy & a sunnyside egg), croissant sandwich & eggs po' boy).  All absolutely delicious and we are a little food snobby ;). Great coffee and great service.  Thank you!This place is small but wonderful. Went for late brunch Sunday. The special was an eggs benedict with crab on a grit cake. It was beautifully savory. My husband had the ham crepe and was equally impressed. Quiet and out of the way, but still the feeling of New Orleans.The mixed berry crepes is good. The chicken and mushroom is ok. The crab with Brie is not very good. Coffee are nice. Service is on average good except for one waiter who has a rather intimidating attitude.By NOLA standards this place doesn't measure up. It is completely self service which is fine but something you should be aware of. The breakfast poboy was basic and bland. The place was empty and it took about 20 mins to get the sandwich out. There are definitely MUCH better choices close by.Excellent food and didn't have to wait to be seated for late breakfast (increasingly key in NO these days for me).
A bit noisy as the acoustics are hard, but every dish in our party was wonderful.
The special today was Benedict with Brie, ham and mushrooms - amazing.It was really a great experience for breakfast here. we had wide variety of items. everyone agreed the the grits were out of this world.  I had the creamed spinach savory crêpe. It was really excellent cream spinach, the bacon was crispy and the cheese added a wonderful flavor to the entire mix. Highly recommended. The crab crêpe's were really well-done with little pieces of crispy crab in the crêpe, again highly recommended.Best breakfast we had in New Orleans. Opens early and offers great service. My husband had the crab crepes with fruit and I ordered the chicken hash. We were very impressed with the presentation and the portion. The crab crepe had a huge portion of crab and he chicken hash was full of texture and flavor.Crepes are really good. Smooth and subtle. Not too sweet. 
Little shop that I love 
A bit busy. One waiter is rather rude.I picked this because of the good reviews and it was on our way to our next activity. The staff was very nice and the service was good. I ordered the croissant sandwich and my fiancé ordered a beignet sandwich, both were HUGE & pretty good. They both come with 1 side, I chose fruit and he chose potatoes which were pretty yummy, the fruit had lots of stuff in it which was great! The only reason why I am giving 4 stars instead of 5, is because I didn't like their espresso which was a disappointment bc I'm a coffee person. Other than that pretty good place to have breakfast. Oh! And we were there by 8:30am so it was nice that it was already opened that early.AMAZINGGGGG! They had "specials" which I decided to try one for breakfast. I got eggs Benedict over creamed spinach and mushrooms on an everything bagel. My mouth is watering just typing about it! This dish was super flavorful and completely perfect! If you like eggs Benedict I totally recommend trying it! The bagel was thin enough to still get a crunch from it but not over power each bite with bread. So so so so so good!! I also am a coffee lover so I recommend trying their Americano that is delicious as well :) my boyfriend got French toast stuffed with try fruit and Brie. seriously everything was super super good!! Oh & it's a cute little cafe :)Cutest cafe ever! This cafe is very small but amazing!! Definitely worth the wait if there is one. Delicious sandwiches, fruit, and good service. 10/10 recommend. Reasonably priced. Cute french theme.We tried the Nutella/bacon crepes, crab crepes, bacon, and toasted baguette. Everything was very good. The bacon/Nutella combo is interesting but wasn't overwhelmingly good. The crab crepes are overflowing with crab and brie which was an unexpected delight. The bacon was crisp and bread delicious. The restaurant was very cute and service was ok. Overall a nice find and worth a trip.Split the breakfast po boy and the mixed berries crepe and both were amazing. Definitely check out this place. You won't regret it.Conveniently located by our hotel, I decided to stop in for breakfast today and damn they didn't disappoint! 
Service- exceptional! The ladies this morning were super friendly, were constantly on the move and brought some life into this little spot! 
Food- amazing and super fresh! Huge portions! Wife had the chicken/mushroom crepe and I had the croissant breakfast Sandwich. I could barely finish mine! Must of had 3 eggs, meat, cheese, toasted yumminess! Wife raved about her crepe. 
All the food coming out of the kitchen looked great! Def recommend!Breakfast was good, but the service sucked! Luckily I had my own water in my bag or I would have died from thirst!Stopped in for breakfast with gf and her parents. I had grits bowl and absolutely loved it. Gf had the crepe with spinach eggs bacon, and the crepe dough itself wasn't very good. Tried the apricot Brie crepe and that was very tasty. I would love to return for the grits bowlExcellent coffee, really nice young staff and a perfect quick breakfast before starting on the town. We used this to our advantage while travelling here for Jazz Fest and not wanting to waste a ton of time in the morning. 
The coffee in the rooms is beyond putrid dishwater so having good coffee close was a nice perk.Wonderful breakfast that is truly one of the best in the area. The waitstaff are awesome and eager to assist.I m back to finish this draft after one year, as it is a really good tiny place impressed me. Based on its price, the quality of food is unbeatable. Soft crepes with lots of strawberries, Nutella, and bananas. Cloud-soft whipping cream. Full-size and fresh sides. The only weak point is it close after 3 pm, but based on this, it is always pretty quiet and you can enjoy a even semi-private environment for a moment.This is the place to go if you want to avoid the popular tourist assembly line restaurants that have lines out the door and ok food. Café Conti is a refreshingly small, quiet European-like one off oasis right in the middle of the bustling French Quarter. A delicious selection of breakfast/brunch/lunch items including the greatest grits bowl ever, unique Benedicts and a nice variety of savory and sweet crepes. Try the salted caramel latte.Cute, clean atmosphere with very pleasant customer service. I had the bacon, scallion, Brie, apricot crepe with a side of grits which was  outstanding. My husband had the croissant breakfast sandwich with ham and a side of potatoes which was also very good. Would definitely return again and again.Well disappointed 
And three stars is being generous 
We had the cappuccino- weak
And the crab crepes and an omelette- too fishy for us - could not eat 
Much better places around - had to go to envie cafe to have a second breakfast - much better coffee / foodPopped in for a quick breakfast and was not disappointed. We had crepes (banana Nutella and crab & Brie), bacon, sausage, and iced coffee.  Everything was delicious.   The service was prompt and friendly.  
The only complaints I have are the Nutella to banana ratio could have been much better. Soooo much Nutella, so little banana. And, the sausage. It was very good but $4 for one link of sausage is a bit much.    All in all we'd definitely come back.This little spot is incredibly charming. We were seated promptly at the corner table under the specials board. Our waitress was friendly and informative. I had an eggs Benedict special and was happy with my choice! Delicious! Coffee was great too.Excellent breakfast place! Great coffee, and we had the Croque Madame and Benedict of the day. I've not seen such perfectly poached eggs with glistening hollandaise sauce in a long time. Highly recommended for a tasty breakfast or brunch.Fantastic service, cute interior, & great food.
We ordered a Croissant Breakfast Sandwich(1), Lox and Bagel(2), & Mixed Berries and Crème Anglaise Crêpe(3). They were all served pretty quickly at the same time. 
1) The Croissant Breakfast Sandwich was rich & extremely filling. I actually shared the dish & we cut the sandwich in half - still filling. The ham was thick & the egg nearly an omelet from the thickness. It was a lil too cheesy & I definitely scraped some off, but neither of us eat cheese very much/often, & swiss is a bit heavy for us, so that might explain why. The side of potatoes w green onions were delicious (this coming from someone who doesn't rlly love potatoes in general).
2) Someone else who is a Huge Eater for such a tiny person ordered the lox and bagel & they were full & satisfied. The salmon was fresh & well cooked, the capers were alright, & the bagel was big and nicely prepared.
3) The crêpe was unfortunately cooled down by the time we got to it, but it was still yummy & sweet.
Overall, the only cons were that the cafe au lait wasn't as fresh as we would've liked, & that we had to leave nola that same day. Also, the check was a tiny bit pricey, but not as much as other places we could've gone to in the same area.
Would definitely take a friend here, & will stop by next time I'm in the area. :)Delicious breakfast! Pretty good for being next to a hotel. Pretty place, calm music and good service. Coffee could be stronger :-)Had special eggs Benedict- with brie / tomato- soooo good & crape with berry - not to sweet just right,& great cappuccinoThe service and food here was great! It is tucked just underneath the entrance to the Prince Conti Hotel. I was worried my workout attire would be under dressed but it's a laid back environment with a homey feel & good music. My breakfast bowl was AWESOME with super creamy grits. I highly recommend this place.Awesome food. Went back a second time and Had croque madame and it was awesome. Just what you need after a night of shenanigans. Oh and white chocolate mocha is nice and yummy too.The grits at Cafe Conti are better than any ever made by my grandmothers, grandfathers, mother or me. These are unequivocally the creamiest most savory grits ever to grace these lips.I had the Ham & Brie on baguette w a side of grits, yum! Grits were exceptionally good! Friendly staff, clean and fresh!This place is adorable!  You totally feel like your somewhere in Europe when you arrive...well, that is until the emo wait staff come to your table. Lol!  They are all sweet, but it's a definite contrast to the pretty and delicate interior design. The only other odd thing was that they had Elton John's best of hits on repeat. Lol. Luckily I like Sir Elton.  But all of that is totally offset by the incredible food and decor. Ahhhhhh...  If Yelp would let us do half stars, I'd give it 4.5....but I didn't feel right downing to the 4, because the quirks didn't warrant that. I had the crepe with sunny side egg, creamed spinach, bacon and Gruyere. Yummmmm....  My hubby had the croissant sammy, which he loved. And we both loved our lattes. Great place!The food and service was great.  We were in a rush to catch a voodoo tour. We informed our wait staff and they were more than accommodating. They made sure the check and to drinks ready before we finished our amazing breakfast. The crepes are the best. Don't bother with the omelette. They are good but the crapes are amazing.Came in for a late breakfast and ordered coffee and the Croque Madame with potatoes. Absolutely delicious!!The croque Madame was HUGE! Very tasty and quick friendly service! The atmosphere made you feel like you literally walked into a Parisian cafe.The hollandaise sauce is amazing! The influx of Seahawks fans may have caught them flat footed: at 9am they were out of milk for espresso drinks. The portions were good sized and the food was delicious.Found this little place tucked inside a hotel on Conti Street.  Loved it so much we ended up going back for breakfast the next day.  When you're in NOLA a place has to be pretty special to make you pass up on all the other amazing options.  Crab and Brie Crepes were incredible and the banana caramel french toast was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Staff was friendly and the food came out pretty quickly.  Can't wait to go back again!!I tried Cafe Conti over Labor Day weekend.
It is an out of the way place that both tourist and locals can easily find and enjoy.
I had a goat cheese omelet that was extraordinary.  My friend had a pate sandwich (OMG...it was so good!).
The atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable.....very nice feel.  
It is counter order but the wait staff is always there to support you.
I loved the place and will be back next time I am in town.Delicious bread pudding french toast and the benedict of the day as to die for.Super cute French inspired cafe. LOVED their crepes for breakfast or lunch. They are also accommodating too if you are on a time crunch, as we were when eating here for breakfast. Price is average and they use seasonal veggies year round, so you know it's fresh. Still in the French quarter, so it is not difficult to find. Very clean place and serves fresh coffees and pastries as well. Very romantic for couples but cute and comfortable for a small group of friends. The place isn't big, only a few tables, so large size groups might be difficult to accommodate unless you call them in advance or go during slower times like early morning breakfast. The decor is very French inspired and the employees are very nice and helpful in providing suggestions. Want the full experience, order their cappuccino and crepes!Great breakfast cafe with egg dishes and crepes dominating the menu. Had omelet cooked my way so good we went back 2-days later to have breakfast crepes which were wonderful as well.My husband and I just had the most incredible meal at Cafe Conti. The food and customer service was amazing. If I could give more than 5 stars I would! We had the shrimp and grits, side of bacon, mixed berry crepe, and crab brie crepe. I ordered the crab and brie crepe 1st. They said they were out of crab. I was disappointed, but ordered the shrimp and grits instead (which was still out of this world!) They then came out with one crab and brie crepe and said that it was on the house. Every bite of this meal was heaven. All ingredients were fresh. We highly recommend cafe Conti! Come here....you won't be disappointed!Great little quiet cafe nestled right off bourbon st. It was our favorite breakfast spot while we were in town. I asked for the Crab and Brie crepes but got the Ham and Swiss. I already cut into it and had a few bites so I didn't bother saying anything to the waitress. Overall, we really enjoyed our meal and would definitely recommend it!Absolutely amazing! I had a killer hangover and this place gave me my life back. The waiter was very attentive and considerate. The place is small, but it just adds to the quaint vibe. I had grits for the first time and actually fell in love. The special of a mushroom eggs Benedict on an everything bagel was so dope. Highly recommend this place!This place has got fantastic food. I was so pleasantly surprised by how good it was. Portions are certainly substantial, and food is done with a nice balance of flavor and texture. 
Check out their Benedict of the day. Absolutely fantastic, and I never enjoyed Hollandaise until I ate here. Perfectly poached eggs and great bread bases for it, whether a French baguette or bagel. The ones out friends ate yesterday looked phenomenal too. The rest of the table had massive skillet frittatas today.
Service can take a little longer depending on how many people are there but is friendly. Not much for atmosphere, but a great choice tucked a block off Bourbon Street. 
Make sure you stop by Prince Conti's front desk- they have 10% off coupons on their counter.One of the best breakfast crepes I have ever had. The crepe was so fluffy and there was so much cheese in it. Would recommend to come here if visiting New Orleans!I don't know how this place has great reviews for their Benedict of the day! It was the mushroom, bacon and whatever. All ingredients that I love but this thing was horrible! No flavor. Nothing seemed as tho it was seasoned AT ALL. The entire thing was blah on top of blah covered in blah. The sweet crepe my husband ordered was good but that's the only saving grace. Service was slow and I just don't see any reason to ever go back.It was a good breakfast !!!
Atmosphere    70  It was a coffee shop
Service           75   Nothing special
Food               80   Crepes - they were worthwhile
Value              75   Like everything in NOLA, over priced for what you get.
Fine stop off the beaten trail if you want a quiet plain breakfast.3.5 stars.  Was an interesting experience. Cappuccino was awesome and the Benedict was good as well. Knocked a star off because my creamed spinach crepe with egg on top was not good at all.  Had practically 3 cups of creamed spinach so the proportions were off.  Ordered fresh fruit after they took this plate because I was still kind of hungry.  They brought us the updated check but no fruit still.  Get the fruit, and it's in a to go container, but I wasn't ready to leave yet.  So that bummed me out.  Also the acoustics in the cafe make it so you can hear everything, Anyone else is saying, which changed the ambience.  Id go back for coffee and pastries but wouldn't dine in.This was a great place for a quick breakfast or brunch. It was pretty casual, but the food was wonderful. I had a bacon, apricot, and Brie crepe. It was one of the best crepes I've ever had! They had a variety of delicious coffee drinks as well. Service was good overall, and they were kind enough to split our check.I ate here twice.  Great service, quaint, quiet - it introduced me to what a great muesli should taste like with fruit, honey, and a little bit of milk.
They had great items on the menu like crepes that were divine! Good spot to nosh.Amazing food! Probably the best breakfast in the city. I got the eggs Benedict - bacon tomato and basil on an everything bagel. The coffee was hot and fresh and service was even great too! Definitely off the beaten path but extremely easy to get to. An excellent experienceI had a crepe and it was amazing!  The cafe is in this really old well maintained building with fantastic architectural detail to admire. The service was fantastic. Attentive without being annoying. I highly recommend.This place was delish. I got the peaches and cream crepes. So much food! I ate about half of it, but they were great. They don't serve alcohol (so no mimosas) but they served a wonderful soy chai tea. Not too sweet. Husband got a cappuccino which he liked. Fruit cup was good too - very fresh, served to order. Service was entertaining - the server had a good sense of humor. The place was also very chill which was exactly what we were looking for after passing on another very busy and loud brunch place.Great spot for a taste of new Orleans! Cute, quaint and great variety on the menu. Staff was very attentive and food was prepared fairly quickly. We had the breakfast poboy, grits, and the special of the day Nutella French toast. All great and very flavorful!Amazing food, ordered the crab and Brie crepe and it's absolutely one of the best crepe I've had, definitely will come again!!Small place but don't let that send you away. Wonderful cafe mocha and had the spinach egg and bacon crepes - they were wonderful. I'm not really a crepe person but this stuff will turn you into one.Service was great too!I had a lunch with my bf on our first day in New Orealns. It was nice introduction to shrimp and grit. Cute little place to go.This intimate breakfast/brunch spot is located inside the Prince Conti hotel.   So they obviously get a new crowd of potential customers every day.  This could lead them to rely on that new customer and let their standards slide, but I'm happy to report the food and service is outstanding and keeps people coming back every day of their stay.   The coffee drinks are hand crafted with pride but no delays.  The breakfast options include somewhat exotic crepes and Benedicts.   I especially enjoyed the crab eggs Benedict that was piled high with delicious meat over a croissant.   The next day I enjoyed a breakfast sandwich with ham and swiss so large I could not finish it.  From 8-9 the place is packed to the gills but other times it is quiet and peaceful.I have a lot of dietary restrictions, so unfortunately there wasn't much on the menu that I could eat. Their salad, however, was very good. The coffee was on point. All of my friends thoroughly enjoyed all of their meals.
It is a very small café, so expect to wait depending on what time you get there!The food was pretty good.  Out of all the restaurants in New Orleans this one is sub par in comparison.  The service was quite poor.  It's small so if you go while it's busy your wait will be long. The decor is very French though so that atmosphere is fun.  If you're in the area and can't find anywhere to go--this one is an okay choice.First timer in town...Food was great, chill quiet atmosphere... presentation on point, coffee was perfect! Highly recommend this place for any brunchers with an appetite! Nice and quiet right off bourbon.I didn't like crepes or grits until I came here. Orgasmic chocolate and strawberry crepe and the best grits I've ever had. I will definitely be back.Tiny tiny cafe inside Conti Hotel. We walked here from the Ruby Slipper after seeing the long wait there. Decor is spartan but cute. Eggs Benedict with spinach and artichokes were delicious but the spinach was very very creamy. I prefer a less creamy sauce but that's a personal preference. 
We also had meusli with fruit that was overly sweetened but otherwise good. 
Service was kind and attentive. After seeing the racous scene at the Red Slipper (and deciding not to eat there), this was a welcome respite. It was quiet and calm and intimate. We called from the other restaurant and were told there was no wait. We finished our breakfast before our table at the Red Slipper was even ready. 
Recommended, especially for refugees from the Red Slipper. The food and ambience here are great. And it isn't a tourist trap. That counts for a lot.Amazing fresh food and a staff who cares!  Last night, I stayed at the connecting hotel and almost walked by this hotel cafe, thinking I'd head to one of the more well known places. I'm so glad I stopped!  Grits bowl with grilled mushrooms and tomatoes.... So yummy!  And they warmed my muffin!!!Cute little cafe. My mom and I stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We were one of the only customers in there. Service was very pleasant and food was delicious. I had the strawberry and chocolate crepe and my mom had an omelet. Would definitely return!It's a quaint little restaurant. Everyone including myself enjoyed their food. I had plain crapes and they were just OK. The grits were the bomb!Quick, easy, delicious. I loved this place. There was plenty of open seating when we arrived on a Saturday at about 9.30 am, but it filled up quickly after that. The two servers were quick on the service-popping coffees and trays out left and right.
My crepe was perfect: light and fruity with the creme anglais. (Another crepe I had the next day was waaaay to thick, so I appreciate this even more). The side of bacon was basic bacon, but that's good enough for me. The coffee was super good, even if I did add chocolate syrup to it. 
I wasn't sure about paying, but they ended up bringing us the check and we walked up and paid at the iPad. Walking in, they will direct you to a 2-top or 4-top table, but there are probably only 10-12 tables so I can see how it would get full easily. Bathrooms are in the hotel across the hall.Enjoyed breakfast at the Cafe Conti, part of the Prince Conti Hotel. This is a real, southern Louisiana breakfast place. 
Patron #1 Ordered the grits bowl. This isn't the cream of wheat stuff of the north. This is the flavorful, stick to your ribs stuff of the south. 
Patron #2 Ordered crepes. The chef knows how to do crepes! They were perfect. 
Total cost for both meals was $20. Not bad for one block away from Bourbon Street.Good food, laid back staff & atmosphere, overall very good restaurant. Nutella & banana crepe was fantastic, and "the American" breakfast - as basic as it sounds / is - was also very good, especially the sausage. Unfortunately the waitress couldn't remember the name of the sausage that came with the breakfast, but if I ever find out I'm buying a case!High quality French breakfast right off Bourbon St.  The coffee was smooth and flavorful and the crepes had a perfect texture.Cafe Conti is located within a hotel in the French Quarter.  The food is okay, but the service is poor and unfriendly. We got there on a Sunday morning and had to wait, which is not a problem.  However, while waiting I asked a heavily tattooed "David" for a glass of water and he ignored me.  Finally, I walked over to the water pitcher and filled up my small Nalgene bottle of water.  A slovenly man came out of the kitchen door and made a snide remark - that they let anybody in here to get water!  The service here reflects what you would expect from a touristy place that is really not concerned about repeat business.  We ordered a Aztec Mocha coffee ($4.75) which was very good and a latte ($3.75).  For breakfast, we had a spinach crepe ($11) consisting of creamed spinach, sunny side egg, bacon and gruyère; Croque Madame ($11) which consisted of ham and swiss on sourdough with bechemel and sunny side egg, and potatoes; side of grits ($3.00) ;and french toast with fruit ($12).  The food was good, but we are unlikely to return due to the snooty service.My crepe was raw in the middle and the cheese was cold. The crepe was cold too, pre made and still raw somehow. The service was quick and friendly though.Service is terrible. Run by rude wannabe hipsters who don't acknowledge their customers. Not a pleasant time at all. Small menu, small place, whatever-quality food. Not impressed.The service was very poor, the hostess/waitress was rude. On top of all that there was a mouse that kept roaming around the restaurant and he got very close to our table!Great food with excellent service.  Coffee has a nice bold flavor.  Aztec mocha has a nice kick that will be sure to get you going in the morning.Nice cute brunch spot across from the hotel. Food is excellent!!! Severs are super sweet and nice and the food comes out fast.I don't know how this place has such great reviews!  To start, the atmosphere is bland at best.  Before we even were seated the waitress was over the top rude.  We almost didn't sit down because we had a bad vibe that we should have went with but we decided to try it because the reviews were so go.  From the get go the waitress informs us that they're out of some things...French toast (but they had bread and they had eggs...and Ive made French toast before), Brie, and later we found out they were out of OJ.  Ok, we can live with this but is there not a nearby market to obtain such a breakfast staple as OJ???  We ordered a crepe, the grits bowl and the chicken hash (with a side of grits).  The grape was edible, the grits bowl was not bad (thus the two stars) and the chicken hash was nearly painfully dry and bland only to be saved by applying the side of grits.  So, so far, the place is nothing to write home about that but to further the negative experience the lead waitress was constantly yelling at the other waitress telling her what to do in between rudely informing other customers that their wait could be well over a half an hour because they're running really far behind.  Um, if you're going to air your dirty laundry at least do it in a polite manner.  Next up, we ordered refill on our water and waited....and waited...and waited....and they never came.  Finally we were brought our check and again asked for water...after waiting a couple more minutes we decided is wasn't worth waiting for and left.  WAY too many options in the area to waste any time on this place.Very delicious.
Best meal in new orleance!
The only reason i am giving 4 star is waiter was very rude and unfriendly.
Spinach crepe was very nice.This place is phenomenal. I love the French vintage charm and the small, cozy space with lots of windows to let in some great light! It's the perfect place to have a wonderful cup of coffee, a delicious breakfast, and to split a yummy dessert crepe with someone you love. My husband and I enjoyed the Espresso, the Ham & Cheese Crepe, the Spinach Crepe, and the Mixed Berry Crepe. It was all fantastic! The staff is super friendly and attentive. I can't wait to go back!This was easily the best food find in New Orleans if you want great quality ingredients and deliciousness!  Want an amazing way to start off your morning? Highly suggest this cafe tucked next to the Conti Hotel.  We ordered the savory spinach, bacon, egg & gruyere crepe as well as the ham & Brie baguette.  Neither one disappointed.  It was hard not to leave a morsel on our plates.I had an American breakfast of bacon and Sunnyside eggs with cut roasted potatoes and a side of grits with a cup of black coffee. Everything was delicious and served  hot and fast.This place was absolutely delightful! I loved the French inspired decor. It's simple, but elegant and the staff was WONDERFUL! Sam and Ian had both taken care of my table, and together they both had such pleasant service. If these two men didn't want to be at work during Mardi Gras, then you would have never guessed it! They had such wonderful attitudes and interacted with the guests so sweetly. This place is so lovely and the food was delicious, of course. 
I ordered the Mixed Berry Crepe, which was so fresh and not too sweet and was absolutely perfect. My boyfriend ordered the Ham and Swiss Crepe and had a perfect flavor of cheesy and meaty comfort, but not too overwhelmingly savory. Not to mention, the coffee was also perfectly brewed. The food is perfect if you're not trying to overeat in order to enjoy the rest of the amazing food out here in NOLA!Stopped here for a quick breakfast on the way out of New Orleans. Prompt service & delicious food. I had the omelette of the day. The omelette was great, but the true star was the grits...so creamy and delicious. The potatoes were incredible too. My friend had the croque madame - no complaints there either. For the part of town it's in, it was also very affordable. Highly recommend!Very quaint place for a nice, quiet brunch. Very impressed. I like how hidden away it is, too. Nice if you want privacy.I ordered the grits bowl, the grits were very creamy which is a plus because everyone doesn't get it right with grits. The down side to the bowl was the creamed spinach...there was just too much and it did not seem fresh at all. 
I also ordered the apple cinnamon French toast which was pretty good.Amazing!!!! 10 stars!!! I had a party going on in my mouth!! I had the Egg Benedict and grits!! Hands down this is the best place in town!! You will not leave disappointedDelicious!! My sister and I came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning around 9am. This cafe is pretty small so I can imagine there might be a decent wait later in the morning. At 9, we were seated right away. The coffee was sooooo good!! Super smooth and just tasty. I got the croque madame and my sister got the grits bowl. Both were very tasty. Our server was funny and very helpful!Great place. Didn't have much options for my restricted dietary, but staff was amazing, food was great and quick services!To eat: croissant of any kind.
The lowdown:
Great little place just off bourbon. Lots of French flare without being over the top. 
Service is excellent. Food is great. The croissant was $10 but comes with a side (potatoes, grits or fruit). House blend coffee is a medium strength, but quite delicious. It gets a mix of business and tourist, but doesn't seem like a well-known place.
The downside from 5 star was the potatoes and grits are just ok. The potatoes are roasted but a bit tough. The grits are good, creamy and has green onions on it, but I've had better.
The other thing keeping them out of 5 stars was they messed up my order. They quickly made it right, but still it wasn't complicated.This is a small cafe right outside the Prince Conti Hotel. I went here for breakfast. The food is ordered at the counter and then brought out to your table. I tried their strawberry crepe which looked nice. I just wish it tasted as good as it looked. The crepe itself was very eggy and tough. It was wrapped with strawberries and what tasted like condensed milk. I also tried their omelet with ham, swiss cheese which was excellent.First time here and it was nothing less than amazing. I had the spinach and bacon crepe with mushrooms. I sent pictures to all of my friends to show them what they were missing out on, do yourself a favor and come eat at this charming cafe. The staff was incredibly gracious and prompt.Awesome staff. I ordered the apple cinnamon crepe. Delish. Grits was creamy and phenomenal did not have to add any salt or pepper.In one word FANTASTIC! 
I am glad I read the reviews, and we decided  to come over.  Our first time in NOLA and we were looking for a quiet place to have breakfast...we found it!
The place it's small but very nicely decorated, music playing in the background but not loud at all!
Food: I had the Benedict of the day, cheddar cheese biscuit topped with green fried tomatoes, caramelized onions, bacon, shallots and poached eggs all smothered in a spicy hollandaise sauce.  Superb! 
My husband had the European breakfast: grilled ham, Brie cheese and baguette toasted with a bowl of fresh fruit! Very good
Coffee was good I prefer my coffee really hot it was on the lukewarm 
I highly recommend this place!
Very good placeNOLA has SO much more to offer
Nothing to expect from place like this. Try Rubi Slippers or Cafe de'Or. Nothing here. Nothing. Bad attitude, plane food & rude staff.The best little cafe to eat in the French Quarter, and the only one I returned to every day during my business trip.  I was looking for crepes and their berry creeps was outstanding! Reasonable prices, great cappuccino and lattes, and friendly staff!Look, most hotel breakfast spots are underwhelming, or overpriced if they're quality. Cafe Conti is the exception. 
It's a small space attached to a hotel in the French Quarter, but it's a perfect setting for a delicious breakfast, with pleasant service, at a crazy reasonable price. It's a little confusing when you walk in because you have to wait to be seated, but it feels like a seat yourself restaurant since it's so small.
I had the croque madame and it was everything! The coffee is delicious, but the orange juice isn't exactly freshly squeezed. That's fine because the food is piping hot and so scrumptious. My husband had the bacon crepe, and then chowed down on their French toast of the day. Their baguette with Brie was crazy good, and our day was kicked off just right. 
The servers are hard workers, juggling the crowded space with elegance and a smile. Highly recommend this place for breakfast!I wasn't blown away. Simple menu and simple food. Would prefer some bread options other than a baguette or sourdough.Came here for brunch with some of my girlfriends on a trip to New Orleans and my first impression was that the decor was to die for! Very cute and French inspired, exactly what I love about cafes in New Orleans! Everyone was very satisfied with their meal. I ordered a chicken and potato hash and a latte. I was very impressed by the portion size and overall flavor. Only thing I can really complain about was the service. It took a bit long for us to get our food and there was only us and one other party in the entire restaurant. Our server was also a bit rude. I would come back on my next trip to beautiful New Orleans thoughtThe waitor was a little rude, but the service was fast and the food was really good! The crepes were excellent as well as the ham and Swiss croissant sandwich! Would definitely eat here again!Very impressed! Took me awhile to find this place because it shares a building with the hotel Conti. I ordered the breakfast poboy and it was delicious. The bread was fresh and the sausage was cooked perfectly. I ordered the grits as my side. They were very thick, but had great flavor. The server was also very nice and checked in on my table several times. Would definitely go back!Amazing location with a French atmosphere. It is a small restaurant and there were only 2 servers. One yelled from behind the counter to sit at a certain seat as we walked in. I thought this was a little rude but after working in restaurants I understand that you want to try to give everyone the same amount of tables. David came to our table and he was super polite and efficient. We quickly ordered and our food was out within 10 minutes. I had the grits bowl. Absolutely amazingly. Thick grits with creamed spinach on top of crunchy bacon. Entree prices are around $10-15.Service was superb. It is a very small place that favors groups of 2-4. We waited for 10 minutes for a table for 2. 
Upon sitting down, my friend and I had already scoped out the menu and yelp reviews on dishes. We settled for 3 plates: Shrimp&Grits, Crab&Brie Crepe, and Spinach-Egg-Bacon Crepe.
We further asked the server is she would recommend us try anything else. She noted that we have already marked down the best in the house.
I ordered a Chai Latte before hand. I have a cats tongue so I did appreciate the latte not being scolding hot. However, I can see that also being a downfall to other customers.
Spinach Crepe - It's one large aesthetic crepe with an egg sitting on top 2 strips of bacon, wrapped in crepe. The spinach was plentiful and super creamy. This dish and it's spinach was a little too much for me. But if you must have your spinach, this plate is for you. (2.5/5)
Shrimp&Grits - If you guys read some of my reviews, you'll know I'm a hard critique on this dish. I'm on the search for the best Shrimp&Grits in the city. Cafe Conti delivered something interesting. The grits were really fluffy and had good texture. However, the sauce is on the watery side and there was hardly any, leaving the grits to be bland. The shrimp was fresh and plump. It was a little too salty, but I take it to season up the grits. What took my away was the garnish. If remember correctly, it bell peppers and onion. I didn't know how to feel about it because I never had Shrimp&Grits with such garnish. I gave it a try and the vegetables were a little over done, but tasty. Ultimately, I don't think it should be on the dish. The dish overall lacked flavor and counted on the "alien" garnish for flavor.
Crab&Brie - For $11, this is a lot of friggin' crab. You blue crab lovers out there. This is your go to. This was the best thing to hit the table. Pros: Super crabby. Cons: Super crabby. It's really up to you but you could easily have too much of this. It does come in two crepes.
This may just be me, but I could have found the food on the plates to be a bit more hot.
Will I come back? I'll say thanks for time Cafe Conti. You have nice decor and have a lovely staff, but there's more to explore. Thank you!First of all, get the Café Americano.  That will kickstart your morning.  Crepes are delicious and full of whatever filling they tell you.  The one with garlic, bacon and cheese is awesome, as is the one with spinach, cheese and bacon. We even had some of the berry filled ones, and the chocolate and strawberry ones.  Just great.  The American and European Brunch options are good as well, and the house coffee is decent.
I like the different kinds of music the manager plays on her iPad.  Cool Parisian vibe because of this, and the architecture and decor.  Very nice and laid back.  A great way to start your day, and right across the garage entrance from the Hotel Prince Conti.
Note:  This is not a "to go" food place.  If you're in a hurry, go to McDonald's or something.$3 for a huuuuge cafe au lait which was delicious. I got the Benedict du jour which had brie, ham, and spicy hollandaise which was amazing. Friends got the breakfast poboy which had scrambled egg, cheese (SOOOO much cheese) and andouille sausage, and the crab crepe. Everyone loved their entrees. And portions were huge. Love this place - will have to remember for the next trip to NOLAStopped by here for brunch before flight out and was surprised by the selection. Enjoyed the crab and Brie crepe which was on point when finished with the garlic bechamel. Others in our group raved about the lemon blueberry French toast. The service was great and they offered to split checks which is a rarity in the French quarter for a large group. Was perfect last meal in New Orleans.We visited for breakfast because of the ratings and the food did not disappoint. Unfortunately, the service did. I don't know if the guy and girl working were simultaneously suffering pms but they had the personalities of a door knob. I am a very friendly person and smile- a lot. I couldn't even get half a smile from either one. Terrible hospitality and customer service. We will return but it will be for the food, not the winning personalities.  
My hubby ordered the shrimp and grits and I ordered the meusli. My daughter ordered eggs Benedict. Everything was delicious.This is for sure the best brunch place in the area, once I find them, I come back every morning, I went thought the all menu and all amazing. Love the space as well, very nice setting, great place to start a day .Great breakfast/brunch cafe not far off of bourbon street. We all got something different, and it was all great. I had the croque madam (a first for me), and I enjoyed it. Very much like a breakfast grilled cheese, topped with a fried egg (that was cooked quite well). The side of potatoes I got were also cooked very well, but a bit under-seasoned. The best thing someone in our group got was the blueberry French toast, which was phenomenal. It was perfect amount of sweet and hands down everyone's favorite. The service was friendly and reasonably quick. I would recommend it to anyone seeking a French-style start to their dayVery quaint and cute. Awesome food with great service. I had the crab crepes and they did not disappoint. This is a good place to go if you're wanting a quick stop for breakfast.It's been a very long time since I've had such a good breakfast (caveat: I do consulting, so my average breakfast quality sucks...) From egg, to coffee, to grit, every item is savory just the perfect way.A hidden gem of a breakfast spot that we randomly stumbled across it while looking for a place that serves breakfast past 2 PM. Awesome, quick, big portions of breakfast food. Nice escape from the crazies on Bourbon street. Get the breakfast po boy!Went to Cafe Conti for breakfast, I thought it was a sit down and get served place but it turns out it is an order then sit down kind of place. The food was very flavorful, I had the Nutella and Banana Crepes with a side of fruit and my husband had the Breakfast PoBoy sandwich. Pretty large portions. My fruit unfortunately tasted like onions, I think somoeone forgot to wash the knife when cutting my fruit, that was the only down side. Very cute decor as well.I was staying at the Prince Conti Hotel with my mom and her friends. Cafe Conti is located just across the drive way so we ate there 3 different times during our trip. I'd say this was out of convince but to be honest the place is just that good. The atmosphere is so cute and French feeling. The staff was friendly but I wouldn't recommend this place if you're in a rush.
On my first visit I had the Benedict of The Day which was basil, ham, and mushrooms with a side of grits. Their Benedicts are served on a baguette and are delicious. 
The second time I had food here my mom brought me a savory crepe filled with bri, bacon, green onions and apricot jam. Mm mm it was good!
On the last day I got the Croque Madame and wow! So decadent and yummy. 
Their coffee was awesome as well. The only bad thing I had to say is their ice tea was sort of sour tasting (maybe instant??). 
Do yourself a favor and give it a try. You won't be disappointed!Wonderful food.  Wonderful staff.  Fun customers.  No line.  What more could you ask.  However there was a couple with a small dog and the Cafe allowed the dog to dine at the table.  Sorry little dog lovers.  In my sheltered world, dogs are on the floor, not in restaurants, and not at the table.  Service animal collar or not.Omelette was cooked perfectly and wife loved her dried fruit and honey French toast. No substituting but their specials rock.Delish! Visiting the French quarter for the second part of our honeymoon and soooo many brunch choices. Didn't want to spend an arm and a leg on breakfast; and came across this little gem. 
Portions are huge (could easily feed 2), and prices at $11ish are crazy reasonable.Holy crap this food was great. The best we had in new orleans during the quick stay we had. I will definitely go back next time I'm the reIt's a little place tucked in by a hotel and the food was ok. The crepes tasted pre made and reheated but they didn't skimp on toppings and they were priced ok. Service was subpar. The place truly was a 3.Cute little hipster type place. My wife had the grit bowl and I had a po boy breakfast sandwich both were excellent.A small restaurant at the corner of a hotel, and as worth of the brunch crown as anywhere I've ever visited. Beautiful, antiquated but clean and bright decor provides a setting for delicious and creative food.
I had the spinach bacon crepe which was great, and had the opportunity to sample the chicken mushroom crepe, the Nutella banana crepe, the ham and cheese baguette, and enjoyed a nice iced double dirty chai. Everything to a one was great. 
Try a brunch here if you can!this doesn't have to be long....if you are thinking of getting in a forty five minute line for the ruby slipper...stop and come to this place!!!!!
it may be a little noisy but i guarantee a great breakfast or brunch.Comfortable and bright space. 
Great, friendly and helpful service. 
Quick, hot and well prepared breakfast. 
Good espresso.So good. I don't like grits at almost all places I goto but just by the look I knew they were going to be good. To be continued....Not many places wee open for breakfast in a Christmas Day. We are lucky to find this place. The food was delicious. The iced coffee was strong but very good too. 
Definitely give this one a try. A small place but cozy enough after a night of heavy drinking. Try this one out!Delightful, intimate cafe with excellent service. Had the Special of the day, eggs Benedict with mushrooms and crab. Grits were creamy and the best I have had throughout the south.Nice server...benedict of the day tasteless...wife's crepe OK...not recommended...not a lot more worth saying...skip itIf you're looking for a place to eat Cheese Grits, I highly recommend to eat at CAFE CONTI  where the food was excellent, the service was fast and friendly at a reasonable price.Can't say enough good things about this place. The staff is very pleasant and accommodating.
We were so impressed with our first visit that we came back the next morning. The first time we split a crepe filled with fresh crab meat, brie and covered with a delicious béchamel sauce. The next morning we asked to split the eggs benedict of the day, which was shrimp and artichoke - awesome. My wife does not like poached eggs [traditional for a benedict], so we asked if they would mind making half with scrambled eggs. The did so and even brought an extra bowl of grits. Quaint, comfortable, limited seating, only open for breakfast and lunch.The food was amazing. I had the crab and brie crepes and my wife ate the bacon basil benedict special. The service was a bit slow but they were busy so it was easily excusable when the food came out. All the food that came out inspired comments like "this is amazing" and "you should try this". Overall very pleased with this place and would recommend to everyone.Don't miss a stop at this quaint cafe next time you are in New Orleans!  I ordered the crab and brie crepe with roasted garlic bechamel. You have to try it.  My sister in law ordered the grit cake Benedict with sausage.  Also delicious!  The portions are generous and the prices reasonable.  Try it!Best breakfast/brunch in New Orleans, hands down.
The Grits Bowl will make you wonder why no one else can make grits like this. Creamy, savory...this is the standard the entire South should be striving for.
The great coffee isn't an afterthought, but is the icing on the cake. Which, if Cafe Conti made it, would be amazing too.Really liked this place for breakfast. Quiet, not over priced. Cute little place. Would definitely go back.We had an excellent brunch here on vacation! I had bacon, scallion, brie, and apricot crepes which were beyond spectacular! It was fantastic service, quick and friendly.Empty restaurant and I couldn't even sit at the table I wanted. Aztec mocha way too sweet made with chocolatey syrup. Grits were good only because bacon and eggs are always good. Everything else tasted like it was microwave heated up.This place is so cute and delicious. We came on halloween morning and the music they were playing was a little creepy but definitely set the mood for a brunch on a rainy Saturday. The staff was pretty nice and got straight to the point which was what we like. I had the spinach crepe and OMG it was amazing! The spinach was so creamy and i loved when I would come across the bacon which was hidden inside. I also enjoyed the salted caramel latte. Seating is very limited. We got there early before the wait started so I suggest everyone else do the same!Great spot for a quick breakfast bite! Friendly servers (though that was the norm throughout NOLA!) and good variety for a small place. My friends all raved about their eggs, and I personally think their salads are some of the best I had in the city. If you're looking for a more extensive or upscale brunch spot, this might not be for you - but for a quality breakfast / lunch, it's ideal.Didn't even wait to get seated. The personnel behind the counter were rude, dismissive, unfriendly. Life is too short and there are way too many great places in NOLA to settle for such bad service.Delicious, creative and less heavy than neighboring cafés. They offer an omelette, Benedict and sandwich special daily and they do not disappoint. My husband ordered carved ham, Brie, green apple and garlic aioli on a baguette (almost a baguette, it is the south after all) and it was incredible. I had the mushroom, cheddar spinach omelette special. Very good.Excellent breakfast next to the Prince Conti Hotel.  I loved the omelet with bacon and cheese.  The grits are wonderful as well as the crapes with strawberry.  The whole family likes it here for breakfast - twice visited now.Delicious, cute little eatery. Fast and friendly service, beautiful presentation for dishes. I had an egg, creamed spinach and bacon crepe with a side of potatoes. Very filling and satisfying, and gorgeous presentation.We had the Crab and Brie crepe (crab in every bit) and Croque Madame (perfect). Cute cafe atmosphere and delicious food!This place was amazing! Small little cafe in downtown. The servers were so nice. And the shrimp and grits was to die for. I highly recommend coming hereWe had a delightful breakfast here. Service was friendly and explained the details on some of their unique crape flavors. Maybe a little more chocolate than we needed at breakfast, but overall a good place to eat. Thank you!The food here was great.  Tucked away location.  Good service.  All 3 of us loved our dishes.  Coffee was excellent as well.  Nothing bad to say about this place other than it's a tiny location.Had the Corque Madame..... Best meal I've ever eaten!!!! Cute quiet little spot. Service was friendly and efficient.  Will definitely recommend and remember for the next visit.Trying to get away of fry in NOLA found Cafe Conti. Great antipasto salad for me and lox and bagel for my wife, crepe mixed berries and créeme anglaise dessertExcellent crab & pepper benedict and delicious crepes...though they are under staffed. Would definitely come back the next time we are in the French Quarter.Go for the spinach crepe!  It was amazing, satisfying, oozing with melted cheese and priced right.  What a neat little place tucked into the entrance of a hotel on Conti Street.  You won't be disappointed with your breakfast.Excellent, low budget kitchen with a no-waste menu mentality. Great kitchen to support the local NOLA businesses and FABULOUS FABULOUS eats with everyday specials that change up.Great service wasn't a huge fan of the food but that may have been do to what I ordered. The hostess is pleasant friendly and know the meaning of the phrase "customer service". I would try this place againAmazing!!! By far our favorite breakfast of our trip! I have the Brie sandwich and my husband the Benedict and grits. It was amazing! Sooooo good! I highly recommend this place!My Special Benedict of the day was fantastic. Cute intimate cafe just off the street inside the Prince Conti Hotel. Great coffee, the pasties look good and the service was good.  Not overly priced being in the French quarter. If your looking for some good portions and not interested in fried doughnuts for breakfast come enjoy something here. They also have crepes which looked yummy.The food was great and the service was fast and friendly.  My wife had the crab and Brie crepes and I had the Swiss and mushroom omelet and we both enjoyed them very much. It is a small place right off bourbon street where we had brunch but I would definitely go back if we are in the areaStatt is pretty rude and the food is ok.  Nothing to brag about considering the service.  Plenty of other places to check out in NOLA!So so so good!!!!!  Can't say it enough!!!!  I had the bacon artichoke Benedict.  It was the daily special.  I ate every last bite.  My husband had a berry crepe and it too was GREAT!!!!!  This is our last meal here in New Orleans.  We couldn't of picked a better placeSo on my last morning in New Orleans I decided I would try out Cafe Conti for brunch because they had pretty good reviews. I have to say, I was a little disappointed with the food. There was just nothing special about it. 
I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. It wasn't bad, but it was just forgettable. It had grilled chicken, mixed greens, tomatoes, and Swiss cheese. I don't remember what sauce it had. Overall, the chicken sandwich was simply average. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I feel like if it's on your menu, then you should be able to make it well. I had skillet potatoes with the chicken sandwich and they were good, but nothing to rave about. I also tried out my mom's ham and Swiss crepe and I thought it was pretty good considering it's not really something I'd order.
There are a few positives about this place that are unrelated to the food I tried. For one, the inside is really well decorated. They have a really vintage look and some nice paintings on the wall. A French theme of course. Just look at the pictures on here if you want to see what I mean. I also like the fact that they have a small dining area. It gives it kind of a more personal feel. Also, I thought the service was really good. Our server came to our table at least 5 times in the 45 minutes or so that we were there and he was helpful with questions about the menu too.
So all in all this place isn't bad, but I wouldn't return because I kind of have a high standard for food if I'm in New Orleans. So many other great options out there that why would I bother. They have other great things about them, but there food was strictly average to me, so I have to give them just 3/5 stars.Favorite breakfast in the quarter! Spinach, bacon, gruyere cheese, onions, topped with a fried egg, crepe! Flavor was Amazon! Highly recommend.