I made my Yelp account for the soul purpose of reviewing this place; I think that very much speaks to how I enjoyed the experience. It's exactly what you would expect from a local cafe/coffee shop and then some. The food and coffee were great and the atmosphere was very friendly and casual. The architecture of the dining room was very cool as well - it had a very Victorian feel, which I personally love. The service was a bit slow, but the barista was the only person working behind the counter and she was also very personable, so for that we can forgive her. When I go to a coffee shop I usually go to stay and relax, often reading or sketching. It is the perfect place for that, with both indoor and outdoor tables, a booth, and a counter. I also appreciated the dog-friendly policy but that's definitely a personal preference and isn't right for everyone. The location is also great, being situated in the French quarter. My only complaint is that I could only visit once on my trip to New Orleans.Had a great breakfast here last weekend before we headed out. You order at the front and they will bring the food out. I had the French toast (fruit on the side)  with an a la carte fried egg on the side. They dropped my egg when they got to the table but promptly brought out another one. I also had a vanilla latte which was yummy....no extra sweeteners needed. 
We sat outside on the patio which was just lovely. Even if you sat inside, like other restaurants in the French quarter, every door and windows are open, so fresh breezes flow throughout. Really nice experience.This is another one of those anytime coffee shops. You can come get some work done, people watch, or just grab a drink to go. Either way, its open early and late.
For the quarter, its "off the beaten path" but in the busy area the locals hang out, and on the way to Fenchmen where everyone goes for good local music, Jazz, et al. 
They have food, not the cheapest, or local, but its better for you than the greasy, salty, fatty foods. Just make sure your service number is visible I got distracted hid my number, and had to stop the guy looking.  
Service varies. Since its a busy sidewalk, people stop in for that pick me up before work or party. One minute there is a like 12 long, and the barista is running ragged, the next its dead. 
Sometimes I'll sit for over an hour working or catching up on email. I'll order something every so often, and its no big deal for me to queue myself if they get busy. After all it helps those stopping in for a quick drink.
p.s. I love there tall cookies
oh and how many coffee shops can you get a shot in your coffee! That's right, its not a bar, but its New Orleans.comfy place with good egg sandwiches and really amusing bathroom graffitiIced Irish cream coffee was exactly what I needed. Free wifi, chilled place. Outdoor seating. Not freezing cold like other cafes around.The service was not bad, it did however have a line that went out the door. I suggest going here for your morning coffee and cookie fix.Around the street from our hotel this place was great for morning coffee and a pastry.
Just had hot tea and a blueberry muffin.  Looks like there's a local crowd that adds to the atmosphere.  Very nice place.Place is on the edge of the French Quarter in more ways than one. But the coffee was good and a cool coffee shop.Awesome for dine in or take out....groovy staff. We like to sit outside and listen to the jazz and people watch. We love it here.The shepherd omelette was amazing!! Goat cheese, red peppers and portabella mushrooms were so good.  It came with a side of hash browns and a biscuit. They also have the best iced coffee ever.Competent simple egg dishes, croissants and paninis.  The chef knows what she is doing.  Service is appropriately indifferent for an artsy cafe.  Great music on the sound system.  I'd visit again for a quick bite next time I'm in New Orleans.Looking at the photos of this place makes me homesick and I am not even from New Orleans! that's how much I miss going here...Sigh..... Great coffee. And who in the shit decided to combine coffee and liquor in a cool hipster coffeeshop ????? Come here let me give u a kiss!  Nice atmosphere friendly staff. Awesome white russions and angry irishman coffee...... Must stop by here if you go to NOLA..Clearly a local joint which was nice. Good service and decent food. Eggs where good, best bacon we have had in new Orleans, spice hash browns if you are into those things then you'd like them. My bagel toasted but served cold. Still the lox were good and the service was quick.Pull up a chair, it's time for grandpappy Jake to talk about his life.
When I moved down here, I didn't have internet. Envie has free internet. I stayed at envie and used their internet. A lot. I would sit in here for hours regularly ordering drinks so no one felt the need to kick me out. Sometimes other people bought me drinks. It was very nice. 
LATER
I was host/participant (we're a horizontally organized group) to a board/card game night weekly at da 'e' where myself and whomever was suckered into attending would play games and talk really loudly about inappropriate things (seriously, it's gotten pretty bad) on the spacious couch. The baristas never once complained or even looked askance, even if we're not exactly drowning in beverages. 
I still go pretty regularly, even though their coffee makes me wildly unfocused and feel like I have latent parkinsons (and here I thought I'd developed a tolerance for caffeine. Nope, one medium dark roast and I'm buzzing for hours). I  usually enjoy their other drink options. 
Thing of note: their coke nozzle thing puts too much syrup in, or at least did when I sometimes got coke, so the coke is extra sweet and coke-y. They don't have grenadine (or didn't when I asked) but the barista totally just poured in some maraschino cherry syrup when I asked for a shirley temple. Also they put cherries in those. Needless to say, delicious. Also: not all of the baristas are experienced at making cocktails (because they are not bartenders), so sometimes you get a pretty good deal out of asking for a rum and coke. Also: peppermint schnapps and hot cocoa is amazing, as are most of their specialty drinks. 
Their pastries are fair-to-middlin' and I won't touch $9 paninis because I don't respect paninis and $9 is too much for that kind of nonsense anyway. But really, who goes to a coffee shop for food? Seriously.
Oh and what's great is that the same people come here every week, so you get a real sense of belonging over time.Cute coffee shop with lots of room and space. Free wi-fi. Cheesecake was great. They had specialty alcoholic coffee drinks for $5. I didn't think mine was that great but I suppose it's more of a novelty drink.Every time I get coffee for work in New Orleans I go here. I absolutely love their staff and the drinks here. Also, their food is pretty damn good. The only downfall is the gutter punks that infiltrate the area sometimes. Good news is they're usually shooed away by staff or surrounding locals; if they try to bum off you cuss them out and get back to your delicious coffee.Probably the best White Russian I've ever had in my life and it was only $5.50.  Staff was super friendly and the location was conveniently close to the crazy bar scene, but also hidden in a little nook of chill and rechargeVery relaxed and chill atmosphere, great food/drinks! Friendly staff and clean. Menu offers a nice variety of options for allWe came here for breakfast. Loved the menu options. Also, the atmosphere was perfect with options to sit indoors or outdoors. I got the veggie wrap and my husband got the spinach and feta wrap. They were both absolutely fabulous. The hot pecan coffee was great. We even came back later and got an iced pecan coffee, which was just as good. We will visit here again.Great service, yummy lattes, very good espresso and almond milk! Didn't have any food but the drinks were great and the atmosphere is cozy and cool. This is your place for an Irish coffee or some other boozy caffeinated bev too!Envie is a great spot for people-watching or reading. The baristas are friendly and good at making espresso.  I haven't had much of the food, but what I have had has been good.Got here as they were getting ready to close down - needed a caffeine pick me up before the long walk back to the hotel. The orchata cappuccino did not disappoint. Pricy, but tasty.Awesome experience as our first meal after arriving in New Orleans. Lady up front was great and extremely polite. Food was cooked well and the cook even came and asked us how we liked it when we finished. 
Extremely pleased with our experience and look forward to New Orleans if this continues.Great food and awesome drinks!  The breakfast sandwich was great - and HUGE!  Bacon and biscuits were yummy.  Iced mochas were really good  - should have gotten the large sizes they were so good!A lovely little space that offers a big, delicious breakfast......I had eggs with ham and asparagus, all incorporated into this delicious omelet, accompanied with great hash browns and a butter biscuit.  A total gourmet delight!   And the coffee was good too.  Everything was reasonably priced and abundant.  Just watch out for the biscuits  and gravy and fried potatoes.  Share this one.They do the coffee/tea right, the location is great and you have to like an open-air cafe that is low pressure. This place has the hipster vibe to it, with the laid back but friendly staff and a very chill environment compared to the vortex that is the French Market that lies just a block away.Good croissant, brie, egg sandwich!  Nice lattes, delicious hash browns (almost like a potato latkes).  We enjoyed the tables outside on the sidewalk.  I appreciated the accessible bathroom, but it needed a good scrubbingDelicious coffee and breakfast!   The shredded hashbrowns were a standout, nice and spicy!The small rainbow sticker drew us inside. Always glad to see GLBT friendly businesses. 
This place has a warm atmosphere that's very local-centric (and dog friendly) and welcoming to NOLA visitors.  The veggie wrap, breakfast sandwich and grits were all OUTSTANDING and hot. My wife can't have caffeine, so a truly superb decaf beverage is gold when done right. She said her decaf vanilla soy latte is the best one she's ever had anywhere. 
Also, this is New Orleans, the city that never stops drinking - without apology. Do yourself a favor and indulge in a double fireball mocha. A+++Great coffee spot. They have a large selection of coffee, teas, and coffee and alcohol drinks. I just got the iced latte and it satisfied my coffee craving.I can't vouch for the coffee, but we had some nice peppermint iced teas here.
The space is beautiful, clean and bright. Sitting in there feels like a world away from the tourist traps in the French Quarter.Was looking for a good place for breakfast that wasn't full of frat boy wannabes and found cafe EnVie. Great environment with friendly staff. 
Great cappuccino in a relaxed atmosphere. Had the eggs EnVie with brie, just happy food. If I lived in the area I could see this place being my local haunt. I'm definitely going back next time I'm in new Orleans.I'm giving Envie a four star for a lot of reasons, but most of all I think it's for the sentimental factor.  I'm pretty sure this is the first cafe that my husband and I visited after moving here and I was so excited about moving it makes me remember that time every time I'm in there.
Great things about Envie
1. it's on decatur where most of my favorite things are
2. it's always fun to people watch here
3. they are open fairly late compared to a lot of places (midnight)
4. their coffee is pretty good
5. they offer alcoholic coffee drinks (also pretty good)
6. the food is good, I really like the sandwiches
Not so great but okay
1. it can be really noisy since right on decatur
2. sometimes it's really crowded
3. sometimes it's hard to get the barista's attention
This place is pretty awesome try it out for lunch or try it for late night you'll have a good time.  :)The expresso macchiato was tasty! The regular expresso was a little bitter. Not a big snack selection, but it was evening, so maybe they have more earlier in the day. Service was nice. Atmosphere was quiet.I will be the first to admit that rating this place so highly is heavily influenced by my nostalgia for this place. That said, this place is still amazing, and you owe it to yourself to check it out. 
This is the place that first kindled my love of coffee, back in my college days. During grad school, I would come here just about every day to work on my papers, or to just decompress with a nice drink and a hot meal, while chatting with the wonderful, friendly staff. I can't recommend the southern pecan flavor enough, especially if you're visiting from out of town. 
The food is equally good, with sandwiches and burgers that are wonderful to eat (especially the Gouda burger). But, like everyone else ere, their true culinary crowning achievement is the breakfast in a go cup. Bacon, sausage, gravy, hash browns, and grits - all you need to add to it is some pepper and hot sauce and you e got yourself a great start to your day, whether that's bright and early or mid-afternoon. 
After a recent trip back home, I specifically made it a plan to visit here again, and I'm happy to say that they are still my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. Possibly ever.Great food at a fair price. If your in a hurry, go to a fast food joint. If not this is the place to go. Simple creative menu and a great staff.It definitely gets crowded, but NOLA is a destination. There's nothing we can do about it. But I love the window seats. Gets the breeze and you can people watch while seeping your coffee and eat your croissant.This was the best coffee around the French Quarter that I could find.  A nice place to sit to take a break from the crowds.My mother-in-laws favorite coffee shop in New Orleans so we had to stop by! Very impressed. I got an Italian soda with lavender + vanilla (yum!) with a splash of cream and a cold brew coffee on tap. Both were delicious! My husband got a medium roast with 2 shots of espresso (his favorite) and we both were very happy with both the service and the quality of their drinks! Everyone is super friendly and talkative which is a perk to me because when I try new places I hate to be rushed or pressured. They let me taste the cold brew and explained the different flavors in their brewed roasts. We loved it and we stopped by before we hit the road back to Dallas. Thanks Envie we will be back!We loved Envie! We ate breakfast here two out of the three mornings we were in town. 
The breakfast was unbeatable for a little cafe. Delicious and reasonably priced. Breakfast in a cup was my favorite!! The omelets and breakfast sandwich are pretty good too. We loved the open air space and the friendliness of the staff. Oh and not to be forgotten, the coffee was pretty tasty too! 
We will definitely be back on our next visit!Surprisingly, Cafe Envie was one of the best meals I had while in New Orleans. Cheap, hearty, and delicious, my egg, biscuit, sausage, and hashbrown breakfast was mind-blowingly good.
Biscuit was buttery, hashbrowns were salty and scrumptious, and the eggs were scrambled to perfection. Cut the biscuit in half and turn it into a breakfast sandwich!
Oh and the cafe itself is quite cute and spacious with tons of tables outside and indoors overlooking the street. Order your food at the counter and have it delivered to your table within 5-10 mins
I was only just there yesterday and am already craving this breakfast. BADLY. I may be returning to New Orleans just to have this breakfast again..
Thank you for making all my southern breakfast dreams come true, Cafe Envie.Came here the morning of St. Patrick's Day, and the barista was pretty festive. 
Apparently his celebration had started at midnight. Liked the old building and all the open
windows (or doors? Can't remember which.). Food was simple but good, and most
of the people in the cafe seemed like locals so a big thumbs-up for that.Cafe Envie was an amazing cafe to visit while in NOLA. The espresso my sister got and the warm coffee I got was amazing!
The food selections were amazing ! 
Thank you Cafe Envie!As an out-of-towner who masquerades as a stodgy professional but secretly (even not-so-secretly) loves going to metal and indie rock shows, I was very happy when the tour bus made its "French Market" stop just across the street from Envie.  I was all like "Yay!  A real coffeehouse!"  Not that I don't love the cafe au lait at the Cafe Du Monde, it's just that those people who some jackass referred to as "gutter punks" (and their indoor counterparts, old activist hippies with ponytails reading free papers and writing in notebooks) are to me the signs of a GOOD LOCAL COFFEEHOUSE, a sight for my sore tourist-infested eyes.  
The counter girl was very cute and very nice and I immediately ordered a vegetarian panini (I'm not vegetarian, I just like veggie sammitches) and two of the huge cookies that weigh like a pound a piece.  They turned out to be underdone on the inside so if you like raw cookie dough you will love those.  My biggest problem with Envie was choosing an iced tea.  I was curious about the Blue Eyes but they also had my favorite, peach, so I went with that.  I may find myself walking 12 blocks back up there tomorrow morning at 8 am to try the Blue Eyes.  
Did I mention that it's in a gorgeous old bar with comfy booths, a beautifully tiled floor, big windows open to the outside, and My Morning Jacket was playing full blast?  And I didn't see one single person with their face in their laptop.  (Not that I would have minded, I have my face in my laptop enough.)  
No hataz here.  I like Envie.  Already recommended it to two of my friends who are visiting soon, because if I don't, it's highly likely they won't make it all the way past the French Market and Decatur to discover that it exists. So there ya go.The coffee was wonderful, as were the scones and croissant. Then we got the prosciutto and asparagus omelet..... words cannot express how yummy it was! The hash browns were hands down the best I've ever had. It's a must if you're in NOLA.Pricey but good! Two of us had breakfast here for $26. I got a coffee (nice big serving) and lox plate, and he got an OJ and a veggie wrap. Everything was tasty. The service here was quick and friendly. It would make 5 stars if the prices were a little lower but it was awesome here!
The ambiance is nice. I'd go back!Cool, welcoming atmosphere with nice-feeling wooden interior. Quality coffee, king cakes (complete with plastic babies!), and "slightly more than snack" food. Great for plopping down for a solid cup of coffee or light meal.The coffee is OK and it's fun to get a shot of booze in it. I'm never really excited by what I drink here, but it's enjoyable when I'm relaxing in the Quarter.Delicious food and fun atmosphere. Great for a hot chai, spiked coffee, pastry in the morning or panini and liquor in the evening. Coffee shop with free wifi and good food, if limited seatingI didn't manage to order anything here because the line was too long and my boyfriend lost patience. However, everything that I smelled was delicious and the place was packed. I would like to try this place next time. Until then!I have finally achieved my Envie dreams and squired my check in cookie. As I sip on my weekly Chocolate Au Lait (hazelnut coffee and chocolate milk) I feel a sense of serene victory for being a dedicated customer. As I bite into the Raspberry White Chocolate Cookie I understand what the founding fathers felt when they signed the Declaration of Independence. The taste of freedom rippling from my lips into my tongue. The huge luxurious chunks of chocolate liberate my sweet tooth and the raspberry pieces give added delight to this dish. I have discovered a new ritual for my Sunday diversion.I'd also like to boost this place and clear up a few misconceptions.  In my experience, gutterpunks do not work here, though they certainly congregate outside sometimes.  It's the winter migration, people; these things happen. 
The actual staff is pretty cool. Maybe late at night you get some stoners, but stoners working the late-night cafe shift are as wholesome and American as anything else.
Besides, you can get coffee with alcohol in it here. And it's not too expensive. This cannot be stressed enough.  Have the friendly guy at the counter whip you up a Mexican-style hot cocoa/chili pepper thing with some tequila.  Then get yourself a cannoli and quit yer whinin'.Coffee was very good, especially the iced americano. Pastry was also delicious. Casual atmosphere. Very relaxing outdoor seating area. Perfect for people watching. Would definitely return.I had just discovered this cafe the other day, thanks to the people I am staying with here in the French Quarter. 
I had a hot mocha and slice of praline cheesecake.The mocha was great, ant the cheesecake was divine.
I have a hankering for my sweet tooth right now that I might just run down there to get something sweet to eat. Yum!!!Visited New Orleans this past weekend and ate breakfast at Envie every morning and lunch one day.  Excellent every time. I had the Gouda Burger and wife had a panini.  Burger was first rate, as was the panini.  My wife loved the french toast because it was made with fresh baked bread.  I had omelets that also were excellent.  Really good coffee.  Pleasant service.  Reasonable prices.  Lots of locals eat here, more so than tourists by my count.This place is quite nice. The servicer was very kind and informative. I got the breakfast to-go cup, and it was great! A little pricy, but very worth it! It was so good that my boyfriend ate some of mine and then decided to buy his own cup! Haha! 
          However, if you want a place to study at night, this is not the place. Granted it may not be the best place to study because it is located in the French Quarter. 
          The internet worked quite well, I had to wait for some things to load, but overall the free internet was nice. There weren't many plugs to charge my devices which kind sucked. Also, since the cafe is in the French Quarter the noise level is pretty high unless you stayed in the back. Away from the door. 
           Overall, great place to chat with friends if you guys are wondering around the French Quarter because they leave the doors open so you guys and listen to whatever live jazz band is playing(usually a good amount at night). But if you want to study at night, another cafe may be better suited. (Again probably my mistake for going to a cafe in the French Quarter thinking it would be quite on a Wednesday.)My best friend & I came here 3 out of the 5 days we stayed in NOLA. They knew who we were & what our drinks were by the end of our trip. Lol! 
This is a cute coffee shop, that also serves alcohol! Whoo-hoo!! The service can be slow at times since it's usually just one person working, but I was understanding. It's a nice place to chill, relax, read, catch up on facebook, etc. There are tons of seating inside & outside. They also have some food if you're hungry or need a snack. 
This will be my go-to coffee shop whenever I'm in NOLA.On 10 days in New Orleans this was my favorite spot. While small there always seemed to be good seating. The open air gave a good breeze that made the spot cool even in hot days. Friendly staff making up a bevy of drinks, alcoholic and non, made this an almost daily go to spot.4.5/5.
This is a great local establishment somewhat removed from the hubbub of the French Quarter. The interior feels charming and lived-in, and there's a good amount of sidewalk seating as well. I had their breakfast-in-a-cup concoction one morning and their portobella/red pepper panini on another occasion. Both were very tasty. I also appreciate how this is a place where locals and tourists converge as the atmosphere is welcoming to both.This place was so cool! We got our coffee all but one morning during our stay in new orleans. I feel like just about every where you go has good iced coffee or a good iced latte - which I'm such a coffee snob- my mind was blown. But this place was cool. It has the ambiance of a neighborhood place. Theres a group that seems to get together in the back every morning. They serve food, the guys in the kitchen bring it out (and some how working in a kitchen, they're uniforms are so clean - again- mind blown.) The baristas are super nice and, I think, by day 5 we were friendly with the manager who was really nice and like informative on which neighborhoods we should check out and what tattoo shops were good. I definately recommend you get your coffee here. It's the kind of place I wish was in the path of my daily trek in real life.I happened across EnVie with three friends this past holiday weekend, and we absolutely loved it. The coffee was good, and the carrot cake (at 10:00am!!) was amazing. They also had alcohol choices to add into the drinks which was great, and the food choices looked yummy as well. The prices were definitely comparable to other coffee places, and we all thought the bar itself looked really cool. Overall, loved it!My favorite little cafe (just on the outer cusp of the Quarter) to just hang w/o obnoxious crowds all over you and use the internet.    Opens early. Friendly, cool staff.   Tasty breakfast. Offers other snack, coffee and hell they even have a full bar.I live right around the corner from Envie so it is a convenient spot for me to grab coffee and browse the internet. 
Envie itself is something of an anomoly. They serve booze, beer, coffee and food--so although most people think of it as a coffee shop, it is definitely a cafe and brands itself as such. I've really never been in a spot like it. It is unique. It is very well-lit which I think takes away from what could be a cozy corner spot. It is practically always busy and I enjoy watching the speed-chess players who frequent this spot. Seating is somewhat limited for the size of the crowds here, so it isn't uncommon to be seated very close to your neighbor. This isn't a big deal, but it also doesn't make this the best place to get work done if you need to concentrate. There are always a few gutter punks hanging out outside with their dogs. 
The coffee and espresso is perfectly acceptable, although not the best I've ever had. They have a small but nice tea selection. They also serve food, which is good from what I have tried. Their pastries look amazing although I haven't sampled them yet. A+ for presentation, though. The baristas vary in degrees of friendliness. The guys are always nice in a "cool guy" way. There is one loud female barista who I think is a little rude, but whatever. This is a good spot to people watch and grab coffee with friends. They are open late which is a plus!
Envie is A-OK.The best coffee I had in New Orleans...and we drank a lot! Phenomenal breakfast. A+++Visited this unique restaurant with my family and it captured the essence of a quaint cafe and espresso bar. The food was outstanding served fresh, hot and rapid. The portions were a good size for their money. I will return to cafe Envie & espresso bar.My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our visit at Envie. We ate the Breakfast in a Go-Cup; a perfect, filling meal of grits, eggs, hash browns, sausage, delicious GRAVY, and BACON all in a portable cup. My kind of meal. 
Our espresso drinks were really hot (which is great) and tasty. 
If we return to New Orleans, we will definitely stop in again.I like Envie - reasonably priced breakfast, yummy cookies and friendly Baristas!! I never used the restrooms but the cleanliness of the public spaces seemed about average to me. They are open late and have wi-fi. I think that the speed of service is a little hit and miss - but if you have time to sit and people watch, sipping coffeee while waiting for breakfast in a to go cup isn't a bad way to spend your morning!Cafe Envie and Espresso Bar offers Continental breakfast in the French Quarter. This place is the closest to our hotel. Although there's many breakfast joints in the vicinity this place is my favorite. The staff are really awesome, the Wi-Fi connection is ridiculously fast.
Breakfast wise, the one thing that caught my attention was their Go-cup Breakfast that has crispy bacon, scrambled egg and grits, all cooked in a Styrofoam cup! It was very filling and inexpensive for its 16 Oz size.
This quaint breakfast bar is definitely a gem in this touristy neighborhood. I will surely visit this place again and I would certainly recommended this place to family and friends planning to visit the French Quarter in New Orleans.This place is just as sweet as the pralines they sell down the street. Baristas who are pleasant when you ask for chicory coffee with soy in it, a tasty go cup of breakfast and a homey feeling. Go for coffee in the am, stay for a cookie in the afternoon. It's lovely with airy tables outside.This place is great. Its not a table service place but it has a fun atmosphere, good food, and friendly people. They have non dairy milk too but ask the barista for it! They also dont have turkey bacon but they offered my regular turkey instead. Definitely will be back in the future.When I'm here in New Orleans this is my away from home place for coffee. Mostly friendly staff and good coffee. Whether you need to escape your hangover or your life - this is a good place to go for tourists and for locals.Yeah its small , Yeah the Wifi is a bit off , but this cozy moody coffee shop has that real artist touch that many places like Starbucks don't. Hanging out there you can get a real feel for the local art scene , new events coming up and local shows.Cafe Envie is great for coffee in the morning, probably good for lunch, not so great late night. I love morning coffee and some productivity at Cafe Envie when it's not too hot and all the windows are wide open. A weekday is perfect - it draws an interesting local crowd and is just far enough from the tourist center of the Quarter. We went for some food late night once and it was slow and not so tasty. I just love the cafe so much that I'm still giving a high review. A great, easily accessible spot - highly recommend.Its off the main path, pet friendly. Looks like a place local visit and free WiFi. If you enjoy a place away from populated touristy areas, its a nice walk.the owner was very helpful and friendly, we got there about 12:15am (looking for a quick late night dessert fix) and they closed at 1am. very few customers in the cafe at that time so i thought he would try to rush us since he was cleaning up. instead he showed us what they had and their specialties. all the coffees sounded good so i asked him to surprise me and it was delicious - praline caramel latte i think? the cookies and brownies were also good.Great late late late night early morning place for a cup of Joe. 
Seems like there are some locals that frequent the shop, according to conversation I was ear-hustling on. #noseyrosy 
Love the cafe area... Munching while I study!!! I didn't find the prices to be extreme or super pricey. WiFi works great & is free; just get the password. 
Parking is on the street as it's located in the Quarters. 
Great little spot to duck off, surf the net & people watch. Lots of passer-bys, can be a bit of a welcome distraction from studying.Horrible iced coffee.   The cashier was rude and standoffish.   Told me the next person would get my iced coffee.  And I waited patiently to place my order. She acted as if she was put upon when I explained I wanted the Bavarian chocolate coffee.  She charged me for it but I drank her mistake. Friendliest person was the person who delivered my food.  Food was bland and as bad as the coffee.  As a local I won't be back.Food:
Small overpriced grilled sandwiches: ~$9
Free WiFi: great!
Bright open airy place to stop in the evening and do some reading on the laptopMy asparagus prosciutto omelette was excellent. The fresh biscuit was great. The whole meal was heavy for me. The atmosphere was friendly and casual.Super cute coffee shop. Only came for cookies which I was recommended by our server at Louisiana pizza kitchen. But I would like to return for lunch. Staff is vey friendly!ok. stop here and get a cookie. i would rather have an envie chocolate chip cookie than a beignet almost any day. they are so good and so big you could easily share. also notice the crunchy sugar crystals.
the service here is sort of sub-par and the place isn't noticeably clean. but they do have awesome art right above the toilet in the ladies room. go check it out.
i also had an almond liquor coffee drink here that was tasty though i couldn't catch a buzz off of it.
and they will put your drink in a styrofoam cup unless you ask for a for-here cup.
still, i love this place. great vantage point to watch nola wander by and they're open late.This has been a frequent stop for me after a hard night of drinking. This past Sunday morning was no exception. I had to leave my car in the Marigny on Saturday night, so Sunday morning I walked to it and thought to myself, "I need hash browns, now!" I stopped in enVie. The counter help is always friendly, asking how my day was. The hash browns and LARGE fresh orange juice were just what i needed. I sat at the counter and read the paper. On two separate occasions two different people came over to ask me how my breakfast was going. I usually have eggs enVie, which is my absolute favorite. The atmosphere is laid back with outdoor seating, when it's not so freaking hot!The prices are just the same as your starbuck places. We had regular coffees- Mexico Chiapas was a bit on the strong and dark side and the Southern Pecan was more smooth and nice pecan aroma. It is a great spot to stop and enjoy some good people watching (Halloween night!). Also they do carry plenty of selections on coffee and alcohol drinks (that's different and a plus!).Hung out here a lot post Katrina. Nice place.This is my favorite coffee shop in the quarter. We stayed at Le Richelieu right around the corner so it was nice to roll out of bed and get a great cup off coffee at Envie. The space is pretty, airy, and endorsed by Andrei Codrescu, if that means anything to you. (From "New Orleans The Underground Guide"). Lower Decatur is my favorite part of the quarter.
The baristas we encountered were great; sweet, friendly, and made a good latte. Didn't try any food except bagels, but the menu looked tasty.
The other customers are fun to watch. Lots of people bring their dogs there and sit outside or at a table in the window, very cute. We also saw a creepy looking guy in scrubs sitting at a table that was very visible to all customers, perving out looking at pictures of girls in bikinis on facebook. That kind of cracked me up.I meet a friend here for coffee often because it's a convenient location for  both of us. This staff is extremely friendly and the building it's in is pretty cool. It also has bar seating as well as indoor and outdoor tables which is pretty sweet. It's also got a great  location near the old U.S. mint in the quarter. Amazingly, this is the only coffee house in New Orleans that also serves beer. I can't believe this is the only one and my assumption is that the permitting must be a real bitch. Unfortunately, I'm always disappointed by the coffee here. I've never gotten anything fancy, but the regular cup of joe and the iced coffee is below what I've gotten from most other coffee houses in New Orleans. The booze drinks are always generally pretty weak; however, I haven't tried many of them. The bottom line is the staff is friendly as hell and the coffee is still decent. I can't say I'd recommend this place but I'll defiantly keep coming here, if only for connivence and boozes sake.This place was right down the street to our hotel. All I have to say is YUM! We had the breakfast the last day of our trip. It's one of those places that you wish you discovered the first day tho.  
Don't miss this place when visiting New Orleans.I was so glad this place was right around the corner from my hotel which had the worst coffee ever. This place brought a smile to my face every morning for three days. Both barista's  were awesome and made one hell of a latte. Each morning I tried a different pastry. Day 1 - Scone, Day 2 - cookie Day 3 - Muffin. All were awesome. Place also sells local beer and is open late. Seating available inside & out.LOVE THIS PLACE!! Stupidly left my purse hanging on a chair last night and Tessa the barista had it waiting for me this morning. Thanks to last night's barista, Amanda, for keeping it safe. Nice people, great coffee, breakfast-in-a-go-cup, booze. What more could you ask for?Barista shows some love to my dog every time we go.  Friendly place and really good coffee!Was in town for four days and ate breakfast here twice.  Coffee tasted soooo good.  I wish I could find coffee like that in MN.  If anyone is reading this and can answer that question, please message me.  PLEASE!  Farmers omelette and hash browns were delicious too.  Wasn't sure about refills but sure enough, after many thoughts of not asking because of fear of denial, I asked and was also able to get it in a togo cup.  Score!  I was a happy camper walking the streets of New Orleans on the way back to my hotel that morning.Love this place.  Is this what Starbucks was before they became a big Coffee house? A local suggested them for Cappuccino and breakfast. Great staff reasonably priced although The Omelette was a little greasy but I believe it's a sign of the area where everything is fried. huge plate large omelette great biscuit great hashbrownsCookies the size of your head.  Best coffee and tea.  Friendly and open late.  Have little lunch type items too.  Really great place, highly recommend when walking around the quarter for a quick stop.Woohoo is right! Hubby and I found this great place on our fifth day in this lovely city. I settled in at a nice table by the window and he ordered for the both of us.You order and pay at the counter, which is cool. He knows what I like for breakfast and that makes me happy. I got the egg breakfast with bacon and perfect over easy eggs. No toast but the best homemade biscuit ever.   Hubby is not a big fan of biscuits but kept sneaking bites of mine and said it was the best he ever tasted(bold statement). He ordered the Envie which is eggs,brie and ham on a fresh croissant. I'm telling you, we were both so happy after eating, it was sinful. The cook  (Steven I think), delivers your food  which is a great touch. Hubbys'  food was delicious and mine was very tasty. We both had the cafe au lait , which was nice and hot and creamy, I added cinnamon to mine. I love this place and will be back every time we come to this fine city. If you're tired of the touristy breakfast places in the Quarter, try this hidden gem just off Bourbon Street, by the river, in one of the oldest areas of the city. If you don't like cool, funky coffee shops with awesome open air seating, great food, and quirky but very cool staff, then I would suggest hitting a Starbucks for a $4 latte and a stale muffin, don't worry we won't miss you.Obviously there are tons of French Quarter places for breakfast and morning coffee. Most are in the tourist circuit. EnVie is near the edge of the FQ towards the Marigny, so there are more locals and the pace is a bit easier.
Every time I come to NOLA I end up here. The breakfasts are simple and fresh with plenty of options from French croissants to Southern breakfasts. You order at the counter and a server brings your food to your table.
Whether in a hurry or not, the Breakfast in a Go Cup is actually pretty good! It looks funky but it's filled with bacon, eggs, hash browns, sausage, grits, gravy...a true New Orleans original packed in a 16 oz cup!
Don't pass up the espresso and lattes.was in new orleans this past weekend.  vic and i stopped in here a few times during our stay because the service  was friendly, the traditional irish coffees were SUPERB (including some fresh cracked pepper layin' on top of the cream to open up your olfactory senses for the amazing taste), and, well, for a particularly cold and dreary weekend, this place was nice and warm.  it also seemed to be open any time we wanted it to be (cafe of requirement?).  vic had their asparagus and prosciutto sandwich, served panini style, and he loved it.  it came with some potato salad that was pilfered by yours truly, and that was quite tasty as well.  we topped it off with a strawberry shortcake cookie that was slightly underbaked to give it that perfect amazing-cookie taste.  all in all, thumbs super UP.This place hits the spot on every note. Strong coffee, delicious biscuits, & perfect NOLA atmosphere. Love it.Just got back from a trip to New Orleans.. and came upon this delightful place by chance.. while walking along looking for a place to have brunch.. all of the food selections me and my friends had looked  delicious and fresh.. I had the prosciutto and asparagus panini it was wonderful.. the atmosphere was pleasant.. and the staff was awesome.. this little cafe has a nice sense of warmth and welcome to it.. Would definitely recommend anyone to stop in there and grab a quick bite to eat or a coffeeThe best grits I ate in New Orleans were from Cafe Envie; they paired surprisingly well with a really nice breakfast sandwich on sourdough yumm. They make a delicious cafe au lait as well. 
We somehow managed to get there just before a big morning rush and just barely snagged a table outside. It seemed like a pretty equal mix between tourists and locals. Very dog friendly! Charming interior.Who: myself
When/where: summertime, French Quarter
What: ICED COFFEE
Why: If you're here during summer, it's inevitable that you will find yourself too hot and too tired to keep going. This place has a great fix for that, their delicious, non-sweet, cold-brewed iced coffee! 
Go to Cafe du Monde for beignets, skip the hot black water, and grab an iced coffee from Envie. The last time I visited, they had three flavors: Bavarian chocolate, southern pecan, and Viennese. All winners in my book. Delicious and nothing like the imitators who try to pour hot coffee over ice.We stayed close to this place and stopped in for breakfast before leaving town. Super cute, great atmosphere, and the biscuits and gravy where yummy! We should have split the order since it was so big!Really like the coffee, and very friendly people. Have been there twice in the last couple of days. Have had their mocha and coffee and breakfast sandwich and biscuits and gravy ( between my husband and myself ) Really good! Thanks for helping me wake up!This is a great little place if you want to grab a quick breakfast, lunch, or coffee. They have indoor and outdoor seating. The service was friendly, the coffee good, and the food was excellent. I had the shepherd omelette which is a vegetarian omelette. The onions were caramelized and delicious. I would come here againNormally here for my go to business trip on the run "breakfast in a cup" which is completely legit along with one of the best lattes in the French Quarter (Seattlite here). 
Just enjoying the cool air and delicious iced coffee.This place is perfect. The food is great, coffee great, very kind customer service. This was the only breakfast spot we used the whole trip because it soothed our fears and validated our vices. 
-Two seattle-native coffee bitchesAwesome little spot. Clean and friendly staff. Food was delicious.  Great spot if you're looking for small breakfast bites ( healthy options ) and decent coffee/expresso.Great for people watching, great centralized coffee spot hangout, so-so wifi, outdated decor, great drinks, decent menu, decent service.  Want to know more? Read on: 
I've been eating here for many years, and since I began, the management/ownership has changed hands a few times. Each time it does, I expect some amazing overhaul or change and it never happens - always the same old Envie. I imagine the hundred-and-one different ways I'd change the decor if *I* owned the place. But here's the deal: there's NOTHING wrong with 'the same old Envie'. Despite the outdated decor, it's a fixture on lower Decatur, and I can't imagine it being anything else.  I LOVE that I see the same people there every morning, the same drinks on the menu, the same breakfast-in-a-go-cup, the same excellent $2.50 potato salad that gets made in-house and makes a great lunch with a sprinkle of crystal hot sauce. 
YES, I wish the hashbrowns were perfect ALL the time instead of once every 3-4 visits (actually, today's really kind of sucked, but that's unusual). YES, I wish the internet was fast all the time except once every 4-5 visits. YES, I wish the custom cocktails (which are usually amazing) were a little bit cheaper to make them more every-day affordable, but despite that I still get that raspberry schnapps mocha or "Gutter Punk" drink once in a while. 
Sometimes the service is good. Sometimes the service is OK. Sometimes the service sucks. They tend to hire baristas that wear their lives on their sleeves at work. If they're in a good mood, the service will be great. If they're stressed or someone didn't show up for work, expect a grumpy-cat face and piss-poor coffee.  That's New Orleans. Dig it or leave it. 
SIDE NOTE: Several years ago there was a guy named Donny who worked there (who now tends bar at Tiki's) who'd create all this amazing foam-art and he was always willing to talk about his love for coffee. He had a HUGE following of patrons - he knew everyone's name and order.  I miss that. I go in there ALL the time and I'm always treated like a first-time walk-in. Blah. 
Moral of the story: it's a damn coffee shop. You probably want coffee if you're reading this. Skip the PJ's and CC's chains. Come to Envie. It's not perfect, but despite that, it's still worth it. P.S.: Stay away from their baked goods. They're almost never fresh.I am always up for a good afternoon iced coffee, especially in the heat and humidity of New Orleans. 
So after strolling around the fench quarter this is a great afternoon stop. It has an artsy feel...more than a touristy feel. They offer very good iced coffee, with a side of fun people watching.  
Of course, you can also get brewed coffee and espresso drinks and bakery items. There is a rewards program, used mostly by locals I would presume...Check in 5 times for a free cookie. 
This little cafe is a nice find in a busy tourist town.Great vibe, treats, and coffee. Add the fact they have a bar and I think I should be capable of adding an additional star. I wish I lived closer. There isn't much to say about this place that hasn't been addressed in previous reviews. It is great for people watching and a personal favorite of mine.Envie is a bad influence. No, not a bad influence... "Negative Encouragement"
Pros: Well-prepared espresso and coffee. 
They don't even blink or falter when I order off-the-menu items like an iced coffee with eggnog foam. (hey, don't knock it til ya try it)
Plus, they serve alcohol.
Cons: I keep putting Frangelico or Baileys in my coffee at inopportune times. 
Because of this, I prefer its sister cafe The Bean Gallery when I'm in a studious mood. It has the same caliber coffee and no bars or alcohol within eye or ear range.Eh... really wanted to like this place but the coffee and pastries fell short. 
We came by for breakfast and ordered some espresso drinks and pastries.  The chocolate croissant was stale (my S.O. did not finish it), and the blueberry muffin was just alright - I get better muffin from Costco.  The lattes / cappuccino were fine but not as good as what i've had from other boutique coffee shops such as Spitfire Espresso or Merchant in my opinion.  Strange because this place is so highly rated on Yelp. 
They do have a very cool boozy drink menu so this may be the place to be if you want an afternoon pick-me-up. The guy at the counter was very friendly as well, so credits to that.ZERO complaints from this kitty cat. I strolled in on a Sunday afternoon and had no problem finding a sunny table with an outlet nearby to keep my phone charged while I mindlessly surfed the internet using Envie's wifi. I ordered the shepard's omelet and subbed egg whites (hey, a little damage control is better than none amiright?) with a black coffee that came in a mug the size of my head (WIN). the staff is extremely friendly and the food, while not fancy, was tasty and prepared fresh and in a timely manner. DAT BISCUIT DOE - can we just all raise our hands up and praise the butter gods?
best to come here -after- your daily workout ;)Great, relaxed open cafe. The coffees decent, the irish option is a must. The service is slow, but the place is relatively clean and efficient. Something I keep in mind when I wander alll the way into the fq.Stopped in for my morning coffee and had to wait 20 minutes to get served.  The couple that was eating breakfast at the bar had to get up and get in line to get a refill of coffee.  They did have a little line but only one girl helping customers.  The food did look good but there was no way I was going to try and order food with all the chaos.  Got my coffee and ran.  Will not be back.. If you are going to work in a tourist town be prepared for tourist.Very good cafe au lait, in a town with many great cafe au laits.
Located in the eastern part of the Quarter, very close to Frenchmen Street, this coffee shop was convenient to our lodging in the Marigny.
The customer base seemed to be composed of lots of locals and also visitors (or tourists if you want to be mean but I avoid bike tours, segway tours, bus tours, hop-on-hop-offs and most other forms of blatantly "touristry" - yuck!) like myself that happened to wander in after wandering by.
The locals seemed to be bohemians, hipsters, hippies, artists, students, or some combination of those. Being painfully, painfully clean cut (I promise I'm more fun than I look) I always feel like I draw some stares when I enter these places, but good coffee is good coffee.
There are maybe a dozen+ tables in the dining room (they also serve sandwiches, but I did not partake) and a couple outside seats, all of which were populated by hip-looking people with shiny Apple products.
Envie offered several different varieties of coffee and plenty of drink choices. I do not know what brand of coffee they are using, however. I believe I ordered my au lait with chicory-coffee as is my wont even when not in NOLA.
Service was pretty friendly (although the girl taking the order was a little more friendly than the barista that day - no big deal) and prices were very decent. My large cafe au lait (which I got in a to-go cup) was less than $4 as best as I recall.
Bottom line: NOLA is blessed with seemingly infinite independent coffeehouses, and, because of that, I'm not sure I could recommend that you, as a visitor, go out of your way to drink at this particular coffeehouse. That said, Envie is a perfectly serviceable choice for a good cup of coffee, and, if you are in the vicinity of Frenchmen Street or the eastern side of the Quarter, you would do well to consider a drink here.We had very good breakfasts here.  I had the farmer's eggs and they were perfectly cooked.  It's a funky little place with a lot of character.  I even took photos of the artwork in the bathroom.VERY much above average latte. The building is dirty and chaotic with people and dogs everywhere, but when I took my first sip I was a happy customer! It's what you are craving from NOLA...which is what "ah-vee" (envie) means in Cajun French!Very pleasant place, so relaxing, dont expect to be seated, just get the coffee and GO! Space is small and gets packed quickly.
I came here for a quick warm up, great scones!!Sunday, 9:00 PM.
Quickie:
* Drink quality
++ Friendly staff
- Cleanliness
+ Fast wi-fi
+ Quick turnaround
+ Spacious
And then...?
Envie opens early and closes late. We'll check out the food next time. 
**********
Got my drank on:
1. Iced latte
    * Floral aroma. 
Constructive comments:
*Option to compost
*Source ingredients
*Home-made cookiesSunday in NOLA I was on my own for breakfast. Of course I made this a huge deal in my head trying to figure out what I wanted, and if I would be comfortable eating there alone, and overthink, overthink, overthink. So I yelped...found a few places of interest and came across Cafe Envie. I really wanted to just feel comfortable and cozy and not be rushed with my meal. I saw that they had breakfast options so I ventured over. This place is what Starbucks wishes it was. They had a bunch of coffees from all over the place, a full espresso bar, a decent alcohol selection (everywhere has alcohol in NOLA apparently), and a kitchen to boot. I decided I was feeling more sandwichey than eggy so I got the portobello and goat cheese panini. It was very tasty and satisfying. It was awhile ago so I'm trying to remember what else was on it besides portobello and goat cheese...regardless I would like to suggest that they add to it. It could have used some acid or something, like a sundried tomato pesto would have just made the sandwich smack me in the face. Otherwise everything was super fresh and delicious. It came with pasta or potato salad, I decided on pasta. This was way too much for breakfast so I didn't finish it but again  very tasty. It was a cheese tortellini dressed in olive oil and chopped tomatoes with herbs. I feel like the tomato herb would have been amazing on my sandwich. I ate at the bar, they had all the windows/door open, it was chaotic yet calm. Constant flow of customers, some just getting coffee, some eating, but the staff was friendly and efficient. After I finished my food I chilled with my coffee for a little while before venturing on. It was exactly what I was looking for in a breakfast joint that morning. If you are in the area stop by here! if you check in on Yelp 4 times you get a free cookie. I couldn't take advantage of this as I was only here for the day, so 4 stops would have been gluttonous.The girl at the Electric Ladyland Tattoo said this was the best place to get a mocha and she was 100% correct. I could actually taste the coffee and not all sugar like some places when you order an iced drink. Soooooo good! I wish we would have discovered this place earlier in our trip, because we would have frequented every.single.day. Next time we visit, we will be back down your end of Decatur, and we will stop by. Thanks love!Not only does this place have great coffee, but the desserts are amazing & the omelette I had was the best I have had in a really long time. Do not miss this place. This is a must stop if you are in the FQ.We ducked into this charming coffee shop on a rainy day and were immediately charmed. Local art, event postings, and even a touching conversation with a local all awaited us in the first five minutes. 
The tea was good, as was the coffee cake we shared with each other and the tiny sparrows on the sidewalk. Worth a visit and we will return the next time we're in town.I liked the flavored iced tea and the beau liked the espresso.   When I was forced to walk down to Frenchman street, it was the perfect refueling stop to power us back downtown.  
Nice, quiet, airy.  It's nice to find a good coffee shop to chill in, even while on vacation.Good cookies and coffee. Pleasant service. Lots of tea and coffee choices.  A good stop for a nice treatIt's Christmas Day and everything is closed. Kaytlin, super energetic cashier tells us they are closing, but people are still coming in, seeing we are hungry, the kitchen remained open for us, making their last meal for today to go, kids devoured their party, de add lexpresso was super tasty and we are one happy family 
Thanks Envie coffee and Kaytile for keeping the place open and being so kind and generous (-: we will be back againAlways had a great morning and experience here. The staff were friendly and the food was good and quick. They have a free refill on coffee if you stay in house. Pleasant place to sit and read for a few moments before you hit your next NOLA location. We didn't try them, but they are open until midnight and serve coffee cocktails as well.Coffee and alcohol is an award winning combination.
Any tourist visiting New Orleans will quickly realize that drinking on the streets is not only legal, but encouraged.  Cafe Envie shows the pinnacle of open container laws by spiking your second favorite drug of choice: caffeine. 
Cafe Envie was recommended to me on my visit by a local and quickly became my favorite place to get my coffee fix.  Fantastic baristas make expert coffee drinks while doubling as your bartender.  Drinks range from as simple as a regular coffee spiked with a shot of whiskey, to complicated mixes of Irish cream, whiskey, and vodka blended together with just the right amount of espresso, cream, and syrup.  Visiting New Orleans during the winter time made the coffee all the better as it warms up every inch of your body with each sip!
If you love coffee and need an extra buzz, then swing by Cafe Envie for a delightful consumption experience.We grabbed some delicious cheesecake and carrot cake from here a few weeks ago. They hit the spot! Service was snappy too!!On a christmas day, I was looking for a coffee(Cafe au last specifically) after a sleepless night. As soon as we walked in, we found a line all the way to the door .. what are the odds ! We ordered Cafe au lait and a almond croissant. Unfortunately, they didn't have any chocolate croissant(they seem to be very popular.. all the folks in front of us were ordering them).
I consider the lady at the bar to be a super women. She was handling all the orders without any sense of panic. She remained poise and courteous. 
Bottomline: Good coffee and super staff !Food is OK, coffee is really nothing worth screaming about. I love 'em, but they, like most coffee shops in town, suck at pulling espresso. Even worse is that the baristas can generally only manage one espresso at a time, while a line builds up. Seriously, send a barista to some training and this place would be worth the ridiculously high prices.Wonderful stroll through the neighborhood, cute place, no wait.  Very pleased with my cappuccino!!  Just ordered a farmers omlette and can't wait to try it.
Follow up - omelet was awesome.  Perfect portion.  I would definitely come back everytime I'm in New Orleans.I had the farmers omelette and it was very good and flavorful. The biscuit was absolutely perfect.
I also had the cafe au lait with cocoa. I was a bit skeptical about it because I love cafe au lait and was not completely convinced about using chocolate milk instead of regular milk. I was pleasantly surprised and loved how chocolatey it was.Nice place to chill.  Laid back staff.  The coffee is good, but u just have to try the rasberry white chocolate cookie...this may be the best cookie the world's ever seenQuaint cafe in the quarter. The food was okay. Not anything too rave about, but satisfying. I had the breakfast plate. The hashbrowns were a wee greasy and salty. If that could be corrected they'd be delicious. The bacon was a little soggy too. I like mine crispy. The headliner was the peanut cookie. DELISH! So soft and so full of peanut butter! I'd recommend if you're in the area.We went to Envie because I saw it on the show Broke Bites. We loved the Breakfast in a Cup and were very pleased with the experience. The only downside was that Envie has two locations and we went to the first one only to be told that they don't do the Breakfast in a Cup. On a rainy day it was a pain to walk to the other location.One of the most charming stops for me in the Quarter.  Full bar, eatery, and coffee shop.  I'll miss it greatly!Nicely designed coffeehouse (lovely octagonal tiled floor, wood paneled coffee bar, large french doors). Coffee was decent. 
My problem was with the sea of laptops that stared back at me from every table. Yes, the wifi is free, but we're in F***ING NEW ORLEANS, one of the most beautiful, visually arresting cities in the world, with some of the most interesting/artsy people you'll ever meet, and you're staring at a F***ING COMPUTER SCREEN! Try disconnecting for a half hour and watch the world (or at least the tourists) pass you by.  Talk to the person sitting at the next table. Read a book or a newspaper. Anything but a digital screen. Sheesh.Great neighborhood spot. Great atmosphere and service. They have many options for iced teas. I enjoyed the farmers omelet. I got it in egg-white. The grits were great. The hash browns had a little too much seasoning on min but overal pretty good. Highly recommend.I'm used to cities where you can find a temperature-controlled coffee shop with comfortable seating and free wi-fi on every corner (SF, NYC, Portland, Seattle), so looking for a quiet spot to drink an americano and scheme with a friend in the quarter at 10 am on a Sunday morning was entirely daunting.
Thankfully we stumbled into Envie, the spacious cafe, where the counter-culture chica behind the long bar was the absolute sweetest and their largest styrofoam cup puts the Big Gulp to shame like the late bloomer in an 8th grade locker room.
I wish they would do something about all the flies though.Cool as the other side of the pillow!
A coffee bar with stellar espresso drinks and well-crafted cocktails. I've been to Cafe Envie numerous times over the years and I truly love the fast-paced atmosphere. 
Placed in the heart of the buzzing French Quarter, you'll more than likely discover a line at all hours of the day. The friendly faces behind the counter make your drinks with ease and precision. 
Pro tip: Order a White Russian. It's served with espresso. A+Came here just once around breakfast time during a visit to NOLA, but was impressed. Outstanding espresso. We also got a prosciutto-asparagus-cheese omelette, which was delicious, and a slice of almond cake, which was also delicious and paired well with the espresso. We snagged an outdoor seat and it made for a very good start to our day in NOLA!Friendly service - killer breakfast for a coffee shop. The feta and spinach wrap is money....Everyone posts about the breakfast in a cup as if it's the best thing since sliced bread....literally can make this at home. The pastries were yummy. Blueberry muffin tastes like a cake. The iced coffee is blah. The wait time was ridiculous. I just wasn't impressed.Had breakfast there. The signature breakfast sandwich was great, the coffee was good, and if you don't see a coffee you want ask, they are really good there. Seating is limited, food is quick to come out. No complaintsI have loved Envie for years. I'm a big fan of Sara (Sarah?), who generally makes my latte not only quickly and perfectly, but usually with a really pretty design, and though appearance may not count for much once the lid is on, I always feel like I'm leaving with an extra special treat simply because she puts the time and effort into each drink. I'm also pretty enthused about the Paleo option of almond milk in my coffee.
Don't forget to tip the whale...We got the white rushin and the fireball mocha... Both great! Loved the vibe.. Live music would have made it 5 starsI love the music selection! From TV on the Radio to Belle & Sebastian right into The Notorious B.I.G.! The only other place I've ever heard that is on my ipod. 
Also love the iced Irish coffee with whipped cream on top - just one has me buzzed as I write this!
Lots of big open windows and free wifi. The clientele and staff are a nice break from the tourists.I use to come here for this amazing veggie bagel with a side salad. Apparently they changed the menu and can't make anymore because they are training cooks and "don't have the veggies". Rule no. 1 of it ain't broke don't fix it. Rule no. 2 if I want a veggie bagel and side salad - make it.Good Capuchino. That's what I'm here for. Service and atmosphere don't matter. As long as Capuchino is good, and it is. Nice lady made me two Capuchinos and I got my free cookie by checking in with Yelp. It don't get no better than that.Strange service -- sat at the counter and the woman behind it acted like I was strange because I didn't come with my own food. There were only three or four others sitting there. I finally asked her for a menu. She did me a favor by getting me one, and told me that I would have to pay at the register when I was finished. Ordered the "eggs envie," with brie and ham on a croissant. They came without silverware. When asked for it, I was told that it was at the other end of the place, kept with the sugar, etc. Eggs were greasy and gross and the croissant looked and tasted like cardboard. I enjoyed the hashbrowns though -- salty and greasy with a crispy edge. Would only recommend this place for coffee as that was the saving grace. (But server wouldn't get me sugar --  told me it was at the other end of the place -- with the silverware!) They need to decide whether they want to be like Starbucks, or a restaurant.Stopped by on the way to Frenchman st. As a tourist I asked my NOLA resident friend where I could find good coffee, and they point pointed me to Envie. 
The ambiance is total hipster/hippie. It seems like they have a good selection of lunch foods and snacks. I tried their mocha and it was great. Definitely better than the tourist spots, like Cafe du Monde and Cafe Beignet.excellent latte! the ambiance is kind of artsy... the surroundings could be a bit cleaner, but it's worth going just for the latte!It was surprisingly difficult to find a place to sit down in the French Quarter for just coffee and a little dessert. This was our best option if we didn't want to wait in line at Cafe du Monde... it was eh. Eclair was not a smart choice, haha.Went to Cafe Envie (new location). Beautifully crafted macchiato! Made with love and tasted so sweet. This place is a must stop! Also had an egg and bacon sandwich. It melted in my mouth. So delicious!!Go to place for a fast and really good breakfast and cup of coffee. Had the breakfast in a cup a giant cup of chicory coffee.Drink menu is super unique, albeit a little pricey. I wanted to come in for some spiked coffee drinks, but we ended up in here for dinner time one evening. 
My food (some kind of veg sandwich) was great, the bf's was "eh." It took a long time to come out and I felt bad for the one woman who seemed to be cooking it all and running it all out. The staff behind the counter was not busy and I'm not sure why they didn't help. We ordered mixed tea drinks with our food and they were obviously not made correctly, I could hear staff yelling to one another about how to make it right. Staff in general was not friendly and seemed like they couldn't be bothered. 
Unfortunate that our evening experience likely isn't what one would take away from Envie during the morning or during the afternoon pick-me-up time. But our negative to mediocre experience in the evening outshadowed our desire to come back for spiked coffee drinks for the remainder of our trip. 
But when we're back in NOLA - we owe it to the place to give it a shot again.I love cafe Envie. I've been coming here every other day (between both Decatur locations) for the last 2 years. What makes Envie stand out is the barista staff. Elizabeth and Lav in the location near Frenchman, as well as Laurel and Emma in the other location. I hope the management appreciates how much more kind and relatable these folks are than baristas found in other coffee shops. It's what keeps me coming back day after day (the carrot cake helps)
Just popped in on Thanksgiving and Lav/Elizabeth haven't had time to eat or talk their folks today yet because it's been so busy. This isn't surprising seeing how the rest of Decatur has gone dark today, everyone home enjoying their families. I hope Lav and Elizabeth get a nice Xmas bonus not just for being outstanding humans and for putting in a lot of hard manual work, but more importantly for maintaining daily the relationships that keep envie a locals cafe in the middle of a tourist throughfare.Great service! Had an Italian soda and a latte. The kind of place they remember you. Perfect!I went here with my family on thanksgiving morning. We all got coffee and a meal. We all really enjoyed the food and the general atmosphere of the place was very nice. If I ever return to New Orleans, I will come back.Really nice service. Cheap food esp. For french quarter. I got a pastry and coffee for $6 and shared with a friend. Outdoor seating and indoor - plus a tiny cove if you want to study for multiple hours :)Best muffins I have ever, ever, ever had! Their breakfast options are not that extensive, but very good. I do wish there was AC to take a break from the overbearing heat.Cute coffee spot with snacks. The coffee is decent. Friendly staff, great location.Great coffee drinks (with or without alcohol) and some tasty treats in the cabinet. I had the baklava cheesecake and it was amazing! Free wifi OR they have computers you can rent by the quarter hour very reasonably. Great little laid back place. I did not feel rushed to get out the door.I got coffee here a few times while visiting New Orleans. The cold brewed, keg coffee is awesome. I also got a very delicious almond croissant one morning, but I'm not sure if they make them there. The breakfast sandwich left a lot to be desired, but my friend had a veggie omelette that I tasted, which was very good.
This place won major points with us our first night, when we were looking for a kick of caffeine and some booze. Irish coffee for the win!Best hash browns I've ever had in my life. Got the eggs envie it was great. Friendly staff. Adorable atmosphere. Awesome time.I can't say much about this place, other than their coffee is a life saver. Their iced coffee is delicious and full of flavor and the space itself is perfect if you want to get some work done, or just relax during a fun day in the Quarter. The staff is friendly and helpful and, although I didn't have any food on this stop, I will be returning to try some of their delicious offerings. I guess a place like this might be seen as a "tourist trap", but I think locals will enjoy it too.We had French toast, eggs, bacon, hash and a couple of lattes, French toast was very good, as were the eggs, overall very happy with the food. Coffee was a let down, which is unfortunately the main reason we went here. It's hard to find good espresso in New Orleans, this isn't it.As is so often the case, I stayed up way too late cleaning and packing the night before our trip, and caught an early flight the next morning. Needless to say, by that afternoon, I was reeeeeeally dragging!
Enter Cafe Envie, a caffeinated open-air paradise. We sat at the bar and chatted with the barista as she got our drinks: my husband had a local Abita beer and I opted for the Volare Cream, a mixture of espresso, brewed coffee and a vitamin-caffeine syrup. (Yes. I was really tired.)
It was delicious: strong coffee flavor, but not too acidic, and creamy, but not too sweet, as almost all designer coffee drinks are. 
We lingered in the artsy ambience for nearly an hour: some patrons worked at laptops, painted and sketched, while others just relaxed with cookies or got friendly with a customer's dog outside.
So charming! So delicious! So New Orleans!Ordered a beef and cheddar....,out of beef. Replaced with steak quesadilla with pasta salad. Both were very good. The pasta salad was made with tortellini onions,peppers,oil. Yummy. Potato salad was so so. Stick with pasta. My wife ordered a Gouda burger which was also very good. My son had a plain turkey panini . He's was not thrilled. Overall service was slow but the food was good. I would eat there again.Great place to stop! The servers were very nice and had lots of recommendations. The beer/ cocktails were great and a good price.Random Yelp lookup since the place we intended to eat at had a 1.5 hour wait. 
Nice and casual coffeeshop feel with excellent food. 
Biscuits are light and fluffy, letting me eat more than usual. Sausage gravy was creamy and meaty and delicious. 
Good sized omlette with lots of filling, crispy hash browns, creamy grits.
Good coffee, free WifiWe came here twice to get some coffee and use the Wi-Fi but when we got there, we were offered Peppermint Iced Tea and it was FABULOUS!! The second time we went (the next day) they were out of peppermint iced tea but their suggestion of lemonade was a great substitute.  
We didn't eat there but next time we would love to try their breakfast.  
Most of the staff was pretty friendly and helpful but there were a few others seemed to be more interested in letting everyone know how hip and cool and artsy they were than actually giving appropriate customer service.  
The girl in the black headband in the picture waited on us and she was super nice.We enjoyed our bfast.  A bit pricey, about 24$ for two bfast items plus coffees but we enjoy seeking out local shops in new cities.  Less one star due to the bathroom facilities not up to cleanliness standards.My fav cafe with the best peanut butter cookies ever!!!!
I absolutely adore this place. When I have my midlife crisis and quit my job to open a cute little coffee shop this is exactly what it will look like! 
Very open and breezy, all the staff had smiles and was genuinely. All the windows/doors were open with tables for people on their laptops or chatting with friends.
Perfect place to do work, grab some coffee, breakfast, pastries. Ahh just loved it. I think I stopped here every day.I've been here three times now because the coffee is really good, as is the food.  It's unfortunate that the nasty attitude that I experienced (each and every time) from the girl with the long pink hair and chest tattoo leaves such a bad taste.  I didn't ask any stupid questions and knew exactly what I wanted each time.  I thought the coffee house attitude was unpleasant in SoCal, where I'm from, but she has them beat.  I kept going back because the coffee is that good, but there are other really good coffee houses in the city. I won't be going back anymore.What a charming cafe. It has great character, and the breakfast combos are delicious. It also appears to be frequented by more locals than tourists--folks reading, or writing on their laptops, and it's the perfect place for it, really.
I ordered the traditional egg plate--two eggs with bacon, crispy hash browns, and a flaky golden biscuit. I asked for veggies in my eggs instead of the bacon and they made me an excellent scramble with peppers, onions, and mushrooms. Overall, it was a highly satisfying meal.
I'd have given them 5 stars if not for the employee who said it was impossible to make a blended coffee with non-dairy milk; apparently it wouldn't blend properly... ? Doesn't make any sense as they have no trouble with this order at Starbucks. The iced latte I ended up with was pretty watery, but I'm assuming this was a fluke; they are an espresso bar after all. Will probably be giving their drinks another chance eventually.We were looking for a place to rest and recharge. I didn't realize "espresso bar" meant a real bar! I ordered a raspberry schnapps mocha and it was out of this world! So flavorful and the schnapps wasn't over powering. Cute atmosphere and lots of windows for people watching.Stopped by to grab a warm coffee since it was a chilly day in Nola. I wanted a regular coffee but then I saw they offer some coffees with liquor. UM.. Yes, please!
The barista was friendly and even made some recommendations, I decided to try the almond liqueur Au Lait--amazing! I didn't try anything else, but next time I am in Nola I will definitely come here again. Screw Starbucks!Actually strong coffee in New Orleans (which can be hard to find, for Starbucks-esque diehards like me).  Nice change of pace from other shops, with a true coffee shop vibe in the French Quarter which I admire.I get my coffee here daily. Alittle expensive, but worth it. The women with the tattoos, and the pink/blonde hair is always helpful and friendly!Went here in early January. Nice place to grab a coffee on a cold morning.I walked in to find the counter server talking with his friends. After 10+ minutes, he finally made a second eye contact. From there it was over 5 minutes before he took my order. Worst service Ive ever experienced!I LOVE this place!!! Great people watching, fun and helpful staff. Great drinks with or without alcohol. The food is top notch. I get the feta and spinach wrap for breakfast several times a week. Wifi is very reliable and I have even been able to work from here. Great place to waste a morning!This is where I like to eat breakfast in New Orleans !!! 
We just spent two nights at LeRichelieu and walked over to Cafe Envie 
two mornings for breakfast.
Delicious ! and large servings !Simple and delicious- nestled into the quarter. 
People are incredibly friendly and the food is fantastic and cheap! 
Try the Breakfast in a GO cup! What a perfect idea!!The WORST.  Ordered hot coffee and they gave me cold coffee. When I gave it back they added more milk.  When I gave it back he called me a f*cking b.  Terrible service and attitude.  Coffee terrible as well as overpriced.Four stars for the coffee.  Ordered their iced coffee....not bad at all.  Their brew is actually pretty tasty!!
Three stars on friendliness.  They answered my questions, rang me up, and directed me to where sugar and creamer was....great!  Thank you very much.  
Perhaps it was the weather, time of day, I don't know....was it just me? Things were given to me and answered yet not friendly when answering....long stares, yet when I said thank you....it was received and response was returned back.  It must have been the weather and time of day.  Everyone has their moment!!
The place is cute, serves all sorts of drinks and seems to serve breakfast as well.  If you need a cold drink on a hot day walking past or through Frenchmen Street stop by!!Food and coffee is good and I would give it a higher rating if they would give the place a good cleaning.  Everything is so dusty, they need to take a day and give it a scrubbing.  Sad because it is otherwise good, with very nice employees.Nice little coffee house with a good eclectic menu for breakfast and lunch. You can relax, sit outside and watch the quarter wake up.This is one of my favorite places in the Quarter and has been for quite some time.   The staff here deserves so much credit because every time I'm in there they always have to deal with some crazies!  The staff has always been incredibly nice and attentive.  It's a super laid back welcoming vibe in here no matter when I go in. 
The food and coffee is tasty.  The turkey panini is my favorite when I'm not having breakfast.  Love the biscuits here, they're some of the best I have found so far.  But I also come here for the ambiance and the very interesting people watching that you get a front row seat to pretty much daily. 
It's my favorite local spot that seems like it just so happens to cater to tourists, which is a rare find in the Quarter.Sometimes I feel like I'm in a relationship with Caf Envie. I visit often since I work around the corner and I'm never let down by the mouthwatering breakfast sandwiches and paninis. 
From the moment I walked in over a year ago, the staff treated me as if they had known me my whole life. Greeting me with a friendly smile and making time for small talk even when busy. 
Coffee is fresh and always hot. I'm always a little hesitant to review coffee shops since some let their coffee sit and get bitter. This does NOT happen at Cafe Envie. I've gotten coffee throughout the day and into the evening. It's always fresh.Staff is awesome, yum spiked coffee and hot chocolate. Best coffee house. A must stop for coffeeGreat little place we discovered around the corner from Le Richelieu where we were staying. Fantastic coffee, breakfast and atmosphere. My husband tried four different bread puddings during our stay (including the BP souffle at Commander's Palace) and declared Envie's to be the best. Love the vibe around Decatur too.Best breakfast - omelette, biscuit, etc. - in the French Quarter. Proper hit black tea with steamed milk. Free WiFi. I want to keep coming back here. I would start the morning here every day of my holiday if I could.I visited this place several times while on vacation in New Orleans. It's conveniently located by the French Quarter & the staff is quirky. The coffee is awesome however if you order something with alcohol early in the day, ask for a little more coffee and a little less alcohol (they load that stuff on & I'm from Utah where we only allow one shot in a glass)...or maybe you like that sort of thing?From the breakfast in a cup to the oh-so-yummy coconut cake and gigantic cookies to the coffee drinks (both alcoholic and not)...everyone has a favorite thing at Envie. (Those listed above just happen to be mine)
Part coffeeshop, part bar, part place to hang out while you're waiting for somebody to get done with some business you don't want to ask too many questions about somewhere in the depths of the Quarter...Envie is one of those places everyone ends up at some point.
Despite being in the Quarter, Envie is still definitely a local's place. Everyone knows where it is and it's an easy place to meet up- especially if you don't want to meet up at a bar or restaurant. It's been around for about a decade, so for many it's become the default "you go do your thing, we'll go do our thing and we'll meet up at Envie at midnight" kinda place. 
If you're in need of coffee and in the vicinity- near the Mint or anywhere close to Esplanade where the Quarter meets the Marigny, you can't go wrong getting a cup at Envie. If you happen to need coffee with rum, so much the better.
The staff has always been friendly whenever we go there, and while most of the clientele is grown up, they don't have any issues with kids hanging out- so parents should feel free to stop in for breakfast or a snack or a cup of coffee with little ones in tow. 
On nice days, the door-like windows are opened wide and there's tons of good people-watching to be had. Grab an iced coffee, take a seat and enjoy. If it happens to be around 11:30 pm or early afternoon on any random weekday, it's even better.When my coffee date suggested it I realized I hadn't been here in AGES. The best thing about this place is that it's full of locals.  It's certainly not pretencious.  It was around 3:00 on a Sunday so I figured I'd get one of their "speciality" coffees... almond liqueur au lait.   The drink ended up being way more coffee then the liqueur.  I could barely taste the good stuff.  So essentially I paid extra for a fancy coffee and got... coffee hence the low rating.Cafe Envie is a solid spot to sit, have a couple of drinks, get a bite to eat, and while away a couple of hours.
I'm actually sitting in Cafe Envie right now, writing this review.  I came in a couple of days ago based on a review of a friend (thanks Joi B.!) and I've found this to be a pleasant place to get a good cup of coffee.  I'm on my first cup of Tanzanian Peaberry this morning (a coffee that I get from a local roastery at home).  When I first came in, I had a turkey and Swiss panini with pasta salad and it was exactly what I needed for my afternoon.  While I've been here, I've also spied folks enjoying the french toast and some of the pastries from the cabinet, and the food has looked quite good, so I'll take the visual once-over as a mark of approval.
Like many New Orleans businesses, there are also plenty of liquor options.  The House Specials board boasts around a dozen hot drink and liquor combinations, though iced versions are also available for many of them.
I'm a fan of the overall decor -- I'm working at a large granite-topped bar, an the whole of the service area is backed with an sizable wood bar with large back-wall mirrors.  The hex floor tile lends itself to a clean and traditional cafe atmosphere, and the small granite tables give patrons a place to work or chat while a breeze wafts in through the French doors and windows.
It is also worth noting that Cafe Envie is pet friendly inside and out -- several guests have come in with dogs, so that might be a consideration if you're taking your pooch for a walk.  
Thanks for being a great space for me to get some work done, Cafe Envie!Extensive espresso cocktail bar so they have every syrup imaginable for whatever flavor combination you can think of... tried their cold brew with banana and oddly was amazing with the nutty notes of their brew. Vanilla latte typical but also great. They have good looking breakfast sandwiches and dishes but opted for the blueberry scone and wasn't disappointed. Friendly baristas and atmosphere.