Not only was the food excellent, but the people here are beyond nice-and genuine. I had eggs Benedict. The poached eggs were good but the toast they were sitting on was excellent. We were given a cream pancakes to taste test by our awesome server, Tina. I can honestly say it was the best pancake I've ever tasted. So full of flavour-vanilla, and soft aa pillow.  They melted in my mouth. I didn't even use syrup. Stellar!Great service. My husband ordered a cheese and bacon burger and I got the crawfish sausage por bo both well made and great tasting.this place is solid.  the fleur de liis omelette makes my day.  I can also get a mocha, and kick back.  I recently took a friend here, and she thought it was slow, but hell..... she's not from the big easy... slow down is the key to enjoying life.
huge portions, and brightly lit, fast paced, slow moving, but good solid breakfast.Didn't care for this place. We shared the big easy breakfast and it was okay. The food was barely warm, and the whole meal was eh except for the pancakes. The pancakes were good, would've tasted better if they were warmer.  The hot chocolate was good, thick chocolate, and it came in a to-go cup which was convenient. The service was also good. We arrived on a Friday morning around 8:15 am and there was no wait, but it was starting to fill up. By the time we left there were a few people waiting outside.Three letters, WOW!  Food was excellent and relatively cheap for the FQ.  Our waitress Kerry was excellent.  I had the big easy breakfast which came with lots of food that I could not finish.  The pancakes were the best part of the meal.  Glad we skipped the hotels breakfast of pastries to eat here.  I would highly recommend!The food was good. Price was Ok. We were instructed to sit on a table next to the window which I really liked. The waitress was not very smiley and kind but she managed well enough. 
Overall, Its recommend for a good coffee and brunch! :)Great spot! Also has breakfast until 3 vs many places which end at 11. The eggs Benedict and eggs Florentine were delicious. Strawberry mimosa was a bit sweet but good. Bloody mary is bomb! Server was very nice.Horrible service!  There for an hour and a half and never got food. Six tables seated after us got fed and left. Our server said he didn't know what happened. When I asked to speak to the manager I was told he was cooking in the kitchen. We finally walked out.If you're looking for a great place to start your day I'd go here. Great place for a simple breakfast that'll fuel you up for a day full of festivities. Portions are huge, prices are great, and the place is cute and quaint. What more can you ask for a breakfast spot?Server was not good, I had high expectations of the food, but was let down. I ordered the Shrimp & Grits and my partner ordered the traditional eggs, bacon, sausage and pancake breakfast. My food arrived to the table cold and my shrimp where seasoned, however the sauce was a big disappointment. I would have sent it back however I was informed they ran out of grits (Essence Fest weekend)Excellent shrimp and grits for breakfast! A nice spicy barbecue taste to it. My husband had the Boudin omelette and it was good but the boudin wasn't crisp and was  and he thinks that would've been better, but the hashbrowns were phenomenal.We enjoyed both a great breakfast and a great lunch here recently. Our servers were friendly, sweet and on their A-game. The very small kitchen has a little trouble keeping up with the demand of the closely-packed tables. Highest praise for the fried green tomatoes and the avocado bowl. The Caesar salad had freshly grilled chicken and thick shavings of parmesan. The oyster po boy was full of outstanding oysters and served on really good bread. There were a couple of disappointments: the coffee tasted as if it had been stewing too long and the pancakes weren't warm when they hit the table, but they were still tasty. Will definitely return.Open air to the street is nice.
Tables are WAY too small and cramped together. Service was especially slow with half the place empty.
Bacon blood mary had a funny taste to it, I probably got a bad batch.
Food was decidedly mediocre.
Nothing I can really recommend about coming here.I dined here yesterday with two friends and we all ordered shrimp and grits. When our orders were brought out, the shrimp and grits were cold and hard and looked as if they had been sitting out for a while. We sent them back and asked if they could send us fresh grits but unfortunately the new grits were the same. It was pretty insulting that they would even think that we should eat food of that quality. I have visited this restaurant many times in my past visits to New Orleans, but I will not return.After reading the reviews we decided to try it out.  Waited about 1/2  hour and was seated at a dirty table with remnants of left over breakfast and on one of the chairs too.  Told the waiter and she hurriedly wiped it down but the table was still sticky. Ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich with no cheese and hubby ordered the big easy.  
Sandwich came out with cheese on it and had to send it back, hubby's eggs were under down.  Asked the waitress if the egg whites are suppose to be raw and really runny and she huffily said yes....mmmm okay....had eggs at our restaurant establishments and when they make it over easy the egg whites are not raw and runny.
After that, waitress didn't check up on us during our entire meal.
Wouldn't go back.This place is GREAT and worth all 5-stars.  We wanted a big breakfast and we got it.  We ordered the fried green tomato BLT, sweet cream pancakes, and the country creole breakfast.  As my 8 year old daughter said- "it was delightful!"  This is a must while in NOLA!Had a great breakfast this morning. Met the manager Nick. Great guy. Loved the fact that he took time to go out of his way to talk to me and ask how my dining experience was. Great spot for the locals as well as the tourists. I had the Big Easy breakfast. Enough food for two. The pancakes were excellent. Good fast service, good food and overall good experience.Waited 1 hour for a simple salad.
This place takes forever to bring out your food!
The service is slow and horrible.  I had to ask for my salad to go since I had a plane to catch.  When I was able to finally eat my salad, they forgot to put a side of salad dressing, needless to say my salad was awful!  There are plenty of other restaurants you can go to, don't waste your precious time and hard earned money on this dump!Great breakfast! I had the egg, sausage, bacon, hash and short stacks! One of the best breakfast places I've had since Kirby Lane in Austin, TX! We will eat there again before we leave NOLA!I would give them 6 stars if I could. We had a fantastic time at this restaurant. We used the Yelp "Skip the Line" option which out us ahead of a lot of other people who probably did a walk-in. We we're seated less than 15 minutes after our Yelp suggested arrival time. Our server Joe was the sweetest gentleman. We ordered Bloody Mary, Mimosa and a Bailey's Irish coffee for drinks. All amazing! The Bloody Mary basically came with an appetizer on top. Hah! We ordered the Breakfast Sandwich and Baked Breakfast Sandwich for our meals. The portions we're huge but so delicious! The hashbrowns we're better than the ones at WaHo and if you know me, you know my love for WaHo hashbrowns! The grits we're way better than Flying Biscuit's grits and that's saying something! Overall, amazing place for brunch and fantastic service!Greatest hash browns ever!  Get a slice I pepper jack on them!   Good coffee!  Eggs florentine is mind blowing too!  Fast and friendly service!Really great food. Love that it was a great spot for a family to eat breakfast. Banana pancakes and boudin omelet we're really good.Excellent breakfast! We asked for several changes - eggs medium, bacon and hash browns extra crispy, biscuits instead of toast, pecan pancakes instead of plain- and everything came out just as we wanted. The pecan pancakes were flavorful, sweet, fluffy, and packed with pecans! Our waiter was friendly and gave us great service with a smile! Try this out when you are in the French Quarter!We were extremely pleased with our omelets. Simple, honest and tasty food. The concierge at our hotel recommended this restaurant for a "health-food" type of breakfast per my request. I wish I were staying longer so I could try pancakes.My goodness!  This good was amazing. I had the Big Easy which came with eggs your way, bacon, boudin sausage, grits or hash browns, toast or biscuits and pancakes.  :-). Everything was flavorful and the staff was welcoming and friendly. I will be back. :-)Our second time to Cafe Fleur De Lis!
We went to their other location a couple days ago.  The food was so good (had the shrimp n grits) that we had to come back for more!
The prices were reasonable for what you get.  The quality of food were good with service to match.  
I loved their shrimp and grits, but this time I had to try their Seafood Benedict (Seafood cakes made of crawfish and crab mixture).  It comes with a choice of hash brown (has a slight little kick) or grits.  My friends had the traditional breakfast of eggs Benedict and vegetable omelette. The coffee was good,  and so was the mocha coffee ( piled high whipped cream with drizzled chocolate on top). 
Overall, our second dining experience was great.
This is a little hidden "Foodie Find" and gem of a place.  You won't be disappointed.Awesome cafe!  My friends and I were in town for Mardi Gras in 2011 and stumbled upon this gem while wandering around looking for lunch.  I had the Fleur de Lis Panini and it was delicious.  Also, the bathroom is ridiculously nice; it had a TV playing AMC!This is a great place for breakfast! I had the Oyster Benedict. Holy Cow! So delish. The staff was super attentive. They were ready to have a go cup for water, coffee or other beverages.Service was great and egg platter was good but french toast was absolutely terrible.  It was so tough you would barely cut it with a knife.  I have never seen anything like it.. there was a small amount of egg on the very surface of bread.. they called it french toast but it was notIdeal la forma como la espera a las afueras del local, se compesa con visitas cortas a las tiendas alrededor, antes de una notificación por sms... 
La atención un tanto impersonal, pero la comida vale la pena... ahora, los precios no reflejan la realidad... se paga un premium por la famaFantastic breakfast spot.  I went on two occasions and varying degrees of service both times, but both times, the food was excellent.  The first time, the line was 10 deep, and growing mostly because the counter girl was slower than molasses to enter in a order.  It might have been because she kept screwing it up:
My rib eye steak and eggs some how turned into ham steak and eggs.... the hashbrowns are excellent here but when we went back on Sunday, they weren't serving hash browns, only grits.... I opted for biscuits and eggs which were fantastic as well...  Great breakfast to grease you up after a night of drinking or you just want a well grilled meal. 
Best practice, walk in to the back counter, order your meal and then grab a seat - no wait staff.  They offer up great bloody mary's for those in need a little hair of the dog.
I say some of the talent that walked in and out of here were better than the bar scene and much funner to talk to.  Unfortunately the busers take advantage of this also and the tables suffer with plenty of dirty dishes waiting to be taken care of... even when still when your food comes out... Go and enjoy.In NO on business, and always try to eat where the locals do, or at least avoid the chains. This place came highly recommended. I was all set for a great breakfast, and was so disappointed. Took 30 minutes to get food, which was overcooked after sitting under heat lamps. Totally uninterested and full of attitude service. They were busy, so may have something to do with it, but I won't be back.This place is great! Local feeling and great portions of food. Servers are nice and efficient. This became our "go to" breakfast place.Quiet place in a charming building with local art adorning the wall and great for people watching by the French Market. While I did not have any of the gumbo (which the sign said was the best in the city), I did enjoy the Fleur De Lis omelet, a large omelet with crayfish, delicious sauce, and that came with hash browns and toast. 
Service was good, prices were reasonable, and this is a nice place to start your day before hitting the market, or take a break in between to chill and take in the scene.I'm from New York City so I'm used to omelets and oatmeal for breakfast and that's not an easy thing to find in New Orleans. I can't even fathom eating fish for breakfast. I found Cafe Fleur de Lis and saw that it had a normal menu so I figured I'd try it out.
I called to find out if the oatmeal was made with milk or water and the person who answered the phone had no idea and was completely thrown for a loop. When I got there I asked if I could get the farmers omelet with egg whites and my waitress had no idea (it turns out you can). My omelet wasn't' bad, but wasn't amazing.
The person I was dining with ordered the pancakes and you have a choice of a few things that you can get with them, so he chose bananas. Again, the server had no idea what he was talking about when he ordered the pancakes with bananas. Then when they came to the table she held them up and examined the plate because she thought that they had made them and forgotten the bananas (they didn't). Also, the pancakes were alright, not great.
I wouldn't go back here. If you're in the area go to the Camellia Grill down the street. It's so much better.Good place for a good breakfast and coffee. 
Simple wholesome and good service what else can one ask for breakfast?
If you are visiting New Orleans at the French quarter and looking for a good place to start your day, then that this is the place for you. 
Recommended...Tried this place for breakfast and it was superb. The shrimp and grits was delicious and there was even enough to share, the sauce is made from scratch and probably the best shrimp and grits I've had. My son had the chocolate chip pancakes and he liked them so much he requested a second order. The French toast and regular pancakes were also very yummy and filling. The Bloody Mary's really hit the spot! Great place!!Good breakfast spot with all the basics for a reasonable rate. Well located whether you're staying in the Quarter or the Warehouse district. I had the eggs with bacon and potatoes and toast, pretty good although a little oily.Grabbed a quick breakfast here before a tour. Nothing bad, nothing special. Just a standard breakfast joint. Don't make a special trip here, but if its on your block and you need to eat some eggs and stuff, they have them.Nice food but don't go to this place when their busy time, such as brunch time:))  
After we ordered about half hour, our food still not show up and we ask the server that we waiting long time. You know what, our server told us "you guys only waited 22 mins." WHat the hell is that answer supposed to be???!!!!
And we ask separate check the guy said "we dont do separate check when we are busy." :)) Well... i dont offer tip when you busy then:)))) Who fking cares!!The hubs and I flew into NOLA late the night before, so we crashed near the airport instead of driving to the 'dell late. That meant a morning and afternoon to tool around the quarter before heading home!
The hubs' brother suggested we drop into this cafe for some eats and to say hello to his wife, our sister-in-law.
Cute, little place - delicious menu - too many choices! I saw someone's pancakes come out and they looked fluffy and nom-worthy, but I decided to go with something that had a little more local flavor. Enter... the seafood benedict!
YUM!! The crab and crawfish patties were so tasty, the biscuit underneath was impossibly light. I liked the hollandaise sauce, but would have loved it if it had come out piping hot and not lukewarm. The hashbrowns that came on the side were WAAAAYYY too salty for my liking, but the hubs had no problem chowing down. Note to self, check his blood pressure.
The man ordered shrimp and grits, one of our fave things to make at home, AKA a heart attack on a plate but you go out happy. 
Anyway, the shrimp were cooked well.. not overdone and rubbery the way they can get but I imagine in the Crescent City they know how to cook a scrimp! He said the grits were perfect - not too runny, not too solid. His only complaint was the gravy - he said it tasted strongly of worchestershire (did I spell that right!?) was overpowering.
We'd absolutely go back to this place - there were more items I'd like to try. Tasty!Great great breakfast... Start to finish!
Candied pecan smoked bacon, sweet cream pancakes and Fleur die lis omelet!!!!Visited New Orleans for the end of Mardi Gras and stumbled upon this little cafe for breakfast. Ended up coming back the next two days because the food is absolutely incredible. They serve breakfast and lunch and between everyone we tried a decent portion of their menu. The boudin omelette is amazing along with the Bourbon Street Breakfast which comes with a shot of bourbon! The entire staff is great, especially our server Joe. The whole place just makes you feel like you're eating a great meal at a friend's house. I would recommend this place to ANYONE visiting NOLA who's looking for a delicious and affordable meal. I will for sure make this place a required stop on all future visits.Awesome place!! Good food and service!!!
Shrimp and grits are to die for. Pancakes are really good to.Arrived at 730 on a Tuesday morning and only one couple was already in the restaurant, we actually thought it was still closed cuz they forgot to flip the sign over.  So if you wanna avoid the long lines and long serving times, come early. Prob not the easiest thing to do when your out all night in the big easy, but now you know...show up early and you'll be fine.
Upon recommendation from our server, I decided to go with the shrimp and and grits - which I thought was excellent; it had a very distinct flavor, and the lemon and garlic cream sauce really made it stand out, imo of course.  I would get this item every time I came here tho if I were to come here in the future.  
Wifey had the Pecan and banana pancakes, which were very good, almost didn't need the syrup, but we put a little on there anyway. 
We were also interested in trying the Fried green tomatoes, which were battered slices of tomatoes (4 pcs), which came with a spicy aoli sauce, which were pretty good, though I could've done without them after the fact. 
Service was excellent.  We enjoyed our service very much, and again, since we came early, maybe that's why our service was very good, we didn't have to compete with the many customers who showed up a little later, fighting for the attention of the servers...
Again, come early and you're good.  Otherwise, come in and try the food, totally worth it.I stopped here because it looked nice and my friends and I were starving. Upon entering we were yelled at to shut the door (we were literally just crossing the threshold when the waiter snapped at us) and then he took menus and literally threw them on a table and walked away. We waited for over 10 minutes before anyone ever greeted the table and the only reason anyone ever came was because I had to flag down another server when she walked passed us (and another table who had been seated just before us who also had no server) to greet a table who just walked in. Our server was the same guy who yelled at us earlier and when I suggested to my sister that she order her food with her drink he said "yeah lets just get this all over with at once". The burger was disgusting, it looked like a McDonalds hamburger but greasier. I just got coffee so I can't say I tasted it but if it had been served to me I would have returned it. I had to flag the server down for the check and when I put my card out to be taken (everyone else was paying in cash) he walked by literally six times without taking the card. I ended up just paying cash. I have served my entire college career so I understand what the job is like but to be blatantly hostile is something I will never understand. Yes, we are tourists just like probably 90% of the restaurant (it was Sugar bowl weekend so the team colors gave it away) but that is no excuse to treat people so poorly. This was the first time I have not tipped someone and this is the first time I've written a negative review but I was really that upset about it. I made sure to tell all my friends to steer clear of this place when they visit.I have to say that I stumbled upon this place by mere accident last January, and have been back three times, most recently for the Saints NFL kickoff. Small gem in the French Quarter, it has a great menu written beautifully on a chalkboard above the order counter. My favorite is by far the Fleur de Lis omelette, topped with a delicious crawfish sauce, with a side of their awesome hash browns. It is small but hospitable, and the staff is very friendly. And the prices are very reasonable, and the food, again, is just "yummers."my husband and i were recently in NOLA for four days, which included three mornings.  which, of course, meant three breakfasts.
we ate breakfast at cafe fleur de lis twice.  
in fact, the only reason we didn't eat there all three mornings is because we ate at another restaurant the first morning.  had we eaten here first, cafe fleur de lis would've been three for three.  we saw a waiter leave a couple of times with trays of covered food and walk across the street to the hotel.  it appears as though this place delivers room service to the guests there.  we'll be staying there next time :)
the pancakes were in-credible.  i have no idea what my husband ate, i can't remember.  i was far too involved with my strawberry covered, powdered sugar dusted, impossibly fluffy pancakes to really even notice.  i'm pretty sure they brought me a plate of 3 pancakes, but it could just as easily have been 12.  there was no way i was finishing them all and i was just a little sad about it...is it weird to miss pancakes?
anyway, super friendly staff, reasonably priced (for b'fast in the quarter) and, of course, ridiculously good pancakes.  eat here!!!!The food was GREAT if you ever get seated. While I can understand it's a small establishment the person running the seating chart was just awful. They were not seating by any sort of logical reasoning and lots of people who waited one hour were getting cut by those who waited ten minutes. If you go be preparedI was amazed by every dish and so was my entire party. This is real home town momma in the kitchen cookin up some dem some vittles Great!!Had Monday "Brunch" as I was in NOLA for the day. Food was exquisite. I had the bourbon banana pancakes with caramelized bacon. Awesome. The shot of Bourbon was good also. Family had variety of things, boudin omelette, breakfast sandwich, the burrito... everybody was satisfied and couldn't clean their plates.  A must for breakfast in the quarter.In NOLA for mardi gras.  The wait was 45mins. Customer service was really good. Everyone is super nice. Kudos to the staff !! You guys rock! The food. It was average nothing special. My french toast was crunchy not nice and fluffy like I like. The french toast was lacking brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg. It came with fruit which was nice.  The turkey bacon wasn't crispy enough.  Overall C++. Prob won't be back.Besides busy hustle & bustle (which you would expect from any cafe in Nawlins anyway) this place is great! 
These guys serve up some pretty tasty hasbrowns and pancakes. I recommend the big easy breakfast.Two visits on my trip. Excellent food and service! Had the oyster Benedict and the seafood Benedict.  Awesome grits as well!Stopped in here for breakfast and it was delicious! We ordered the Fleur de Lis omelette which was great! My sister and I split the food and it came out separated already which was definitely appreciated! Our server could have been more attentive but overall good experience, will definitely be back.Great service by Elena! She was attentive and helpful! The seafood benedict was exactly what I expected - delicious- the coffee was delicious, bloody marys were SUPER strong! bacon bloody mary has so much bacon! And the grits are perfect - no need for any extra cheese or butter!Best breakfast I had in New Orleans. I got their pancakes which were amazing and tried grits here for the first time. Of all the grits I tasted over the course of my trip these were the best. It's not a particularly fancy place and it is cluttered but that said for what it is- its great. Prices are very fair and the food is solid.We had not been to NO since Yelp was even developed, but have learned since to trust it's reviews. If you are in or near the French Quarter and want excellent breakfast food combined with world class service at a fair price, don't miss this place. Some of the best breakfast fare I have ever eaten!This was another touristy must do spot to eat that was also packed and had a long line. The setup of this place was a bit different. You order your food first, pay for your individual meal which I loved and then grab a table. One of the servers informed us by the time we placed our order there would be tables for us and that was true. I was shocked because of how crowded the place was. I ordered the American special of eggs, bacon, grits and pancakes that was delicious. I tasted one of my friends chocolate pancakes which was different but a bit too much chocolate for breakfast in my opinion.
This place really deserves 4 stars but their unpreparedness for a large crowd during a popular festival weekend warrants a deduction. They ran out of flatware and some of the juice and tea dispensers were empty. I informed staff and they sincerely apologized and stated they would get to it.They definitely needed more staff. The other thing I didnt like was that you waited in line in the middle of the restaurant and can be literally breathing on  other patrons eating their food. Well that's how it felt and it was just too tight and the set up wasnt comfortable at all.The staff was nice, but not a great meal. I had the ice coffee, which was just okay. I also ordered the crawfish étouffée. If this was the first time I had étouffée, I would have never ordered it again. The crawfish didn't look or taste fresh. The dish itself tasted more like a watery gumbo. We also ordered a side of fried green tomatoes, which were pretty good. Along with that, we ordered the healthy breakfast, which was a good dish. There are way better food places than this one. Save your time and money and go somewhere else.Loved the breakfast here. I don't think this place needs anymore good reviews because we were there on a cold morning in January and it was packed. In fact that's the only thing I didn't love about it - it's a bit cramped and noisy and the tables are sort of crammed together in an effort to squeeze in as many eager diners as possible. I get it, it's the French Quarter and most places are on the small side. But anyway...the food was delicious. About as good a breakfast as you're going to find anywhere. A bit on the expensive side but I think that's another thing you just have to expect when visiting here. Great food and good service, I'll go back if the line's not too long :)Great place for a quick breakfast. If you're staying on Canal do yourself a favor and walk down to this place. The staff is friendly and the serving sizes are hangover friendly.Rude, rude, rude! Hung up on me on the phone twice when I was asking about wait time. Food can't be their redeeming quality if you never get that far.Was in New Orleans for Saints game. Heard about this place for a great breakfast. Went 2 mornings. Outstanding!  Had baked breakfast sandwich and it was fabulous. Pancakes with eggs day 2. Best pancakes I have had. 
Highly recommendHad the crawfish omlet, pretty tasty, didn't make my toes curl but it was decent. Was there at 9:30 on a Thursday and didn't have to wait for a table there were a few open. Did wait a bit for the food though. Overall not bad & would go back againTotally decent joint for a quick, fresh breakfast.  My wife, the ultimate breakfast snob, declared that her omelette was "way better than Mother's.". Wasn't crazy about the blaring hip hop over the speakers but food was solid and they are open on Thanksgiving.My wife and I stumbled upon Cafe Fleur De Lis on the first morning of our trip. We loved it so much we went back every morning for breakfast. My wife loved their coffee, I loved everything... except the boudin sausage I had the last day. Compared to everything else I had it was rather bland and unimpressive. 
The staff was always friendly and the atmosphere was great. I highly recommend this place for breakfast. If I could give more than 5 stars I would.Amazing food reasonably priced and great service! The best place for breakfast and lunch in Nola. Definitely a must try!Delish!! Customer service was outstanding!!  I had the seafood benefit and it was great! Almost made the just ale of putting hot sauce on them, but it was amazing without it!!Came here while attending the Essence Festival food was so good we came 2 mornings in a row! I  would suggest getting the shrimp and grits. I Had that with the fried fish as well and asked for gravy on the side. The grits were nice and creamy, shrimp was tender and the fish was fried to perfection  with just the right amount of seasoning. The wait staff was also accommodating. The place is a bit small so get there early or there might be a wait.I had the bourbon street breakfast.  I didn't realize it came with real bourbon which you're supposed to pour on top of the banana pecan pancakes.  It was worth the wait.  Keep in mind you have to be patient if they're really busy.  Decor is traditional French quarter and it feels very cozy when you're here.Mmmm.... HASHBROWNS... (what else can I say?) The food here was really good, it's a tasty breakfast / lunch place. I was impressed with this little cafe, had pancakes that were so buttery and light, but those hashbrowns are killer (garlicy or something). We also ordered a spinach omlette that was really good.Great breakfast! Reasonable priced. Latte was delish. French toast on brioche was superb. Great benedicts. Homemade biscuits served with almost everything.  Typical slow southern service. We had a group of 6, spent $85.The food is great here! There is usually a wait to get in usually (not unlike most other good restaurants in New Orleans). The bacon bloody Mary tastes amazing and is full of flavor. We had the shrimp and grits (a staple when coming here) & the fried oyster Benedict, both were filling and flavorful. Great place to get a New Orleans breakfast or brunch.This is a fantastic place for breakfast and lunch in the French Quarter. 
It's just honest, simple, good food for a great price.
I've had nearly everything from this little place. 
Pastries. Pancakes. Egg breakfasts. Chicken ceasar salads. Sandwiches. Mimosas... YES! They have mimosas!
Just know that it's a pretty small place, and can get packed pretty quickly. But be patient. The line usually goes pretty fast, though the tables don't always clear fast enough for my liking.
If you want something fast, delicious and of high quality for the price, I would definitely recommend this spot.This place is worth the wait! Grab one of their amazing chocolate iced coffees while you do.The kind maitre d' greeted me at the door and found me a seat at one of the few tables in this small café.  It was so small that he had to use my table for pitchers of water and tubs of dishes as he cleared other tables.  But he was really nice about it.  I recommend the Fleur-de-lis omelet--green peppers, onion, provolone and bits of sausage, covered with a mildly spicy red sauce and crawfish.  This came with wholegrain toast and fried hash browns.  The bloody Marys with bacon-infused vodka and full strips of bacon swizzle sticks looked amazing--it was just too early for me to indulge.Amazing! Incredible service to match fabulous food.
Shrimp and grits were out of this world, but we all tried each other's dishes. Can also vouch for bourbon street breakfast (served with bourbon to dump all over your pancakes) and oyster Benedict too. So so good!I honestly walked 20 minutes just to get to this place and was excited to give it a try...  First I was set down at the only place they had available, the balcony.. it was mid day and super sunny and it took them 20 minute to just come say hey and ask if I'd like to drink... after they moved me in I ordered, the hash were super yummy and my waitress was sweet, Id give them that. I guess if you are willing to wait 60 min in line and than another 60 min inside just to eat an egg sandwich than this is the place for you. Maybe I just had a bad experience.Food came out cold. Cappuccino was ok. Server was able to add smoked boudin to my farmers omelette for $4. Given the other reviews i expected more. Service was slow. I'm sorry I fell for a tourist trap.The service is excellent!!  Ask for Joe!  He gave me the advice to try the seafood Benedict for breakfast. So yummy!  The pancakes were good and the cheese grits were good.  The coffee is HOT!    The bathrooms are very clean. Highly recommend for breakfast!This place is overrated for sure. The food is mediocre at best. We had the French toast which was soggy and had little flavor. The location is loud and stuffy. They have Too many tables for the space. Also tried the watermelon lemonade which was full of sugar and had a slice of rotten and spoiled watermelon on it. Won't be coming back.Bacon Bloody Mary was amazing - definitely a must here.  We also really enjoyed the seafood eggs Benedict.  Our server was really good, service was quick and price was reasonable.  We will definitely make it a point to come back here when we visit New Orleans again.Stopped in for lunch. Waiter had no personality.  None of the wait staff were really friendly, very somber atmosphere. A cook pointed out to our waiter that a table needed his attention. Had a Poor Boy shrimp sandwich. I think these sandwiches are special because of the roll. Hard to say but the roll seemed like it was day old and not fresh for the day. The meal came with fries, they were okay. Would i recommend friends to eat here , no. The place was very uninspiring.Great pick for breakfast in New Orleans!!
Friends had come here on the day of arrival while I was still in transit - loved it and had nothing but great things to say about the Shrimp & Grits, the delicious coffee and the Healthy Breakfast, too.  (I know, I know)
So a few days later, the three of us decided to check it out since service was prompt & delightful and also because the line out the door (during Essence Music Fest) was not quite as long as some other establishments on the same block.
Our waitress was SO great about helping us customize our orders!  See, I had fallen in love with so many of the pix on the Yelp mobile app that we all began craving items that were no longer on the menu.  Good thing for us, they will make whatever your heart desires!!  
My Seafood Omelet was LOADED with Shrimp, Crawfish, Crabcake, veggies and cheese - amazingness to be precise!  Had it alongside the hasbrowns with gravy on top but the biscuit on the side!  Yes, you heard me right.  Now let's talk about the mimosa - fresh squeezed OJ and champs, with a splash of peach flavor in a big ol' glass.  They don't do anything small in this city apparently.  You will leave here fealing fat & happy :)
I highly recommend Cafe Fleur de Lis!Very basic breakfast joint with good food.  I had a ham and cheddar omelet.  The ham was smoked hickory and gave the breakfast such a great flavor.  Light and fresh home fries.  No grease on the plate.  A very filling breakfast without being overly heavy.  Great start to the day.This place is amazing! Encompasses the true culture of NOLA. The wait was a little long, but that's to be expected in the Quarters. The various mimosa offerings were also a highlight. Can't wait to visit again!I had the Fleur De Lis Omelet and it was delicious. In town for a tech conference (SpringOne), I wanted to find an authenticy feeling place for breakfast, and this fit the bill. It was a casual, hole-in-the-wall atmosphere with a tiny kitchen and delicious food.Ahhhhhh New Orleans, so much to eat, so much to drink .... but not a lot of really don't think about breakfast that often, at least I don't when I am in the Big Easy.  Loved tho splice, had the Famers Breakfast It think, sausage, grits, two eggs over easy ... wasn't stuffed, but was fulfilled and the food was good.Read all the reviews and was very excited to try this restaurant. So cute and adorable as we approached. Unfortunately we were not able to try it. We were turned away at the door with a "no dogs" rule because of my fully registered, trained and vested service dog. I asked the hostess if she realized it was illegal to deny a service animal. She said they had recently had an issue and installed the rule of "absolutely no dogs." Can't enjoy a place that won't allow me to responsibly take care of myself.I would have loved to write a positive review about this restaurant, however, the hostess at the door did not give us the opportunity to do so. I have never been treated in such manner. She shoved us out the door and behaved very hostile towards me and my group of friends. As a client, I recommend that you treat your customers. If this were my restaurant I would not tolerate a staff member who rages at clients, instead of handling the situation in a discrete manner. Never coming back.We went here on out very last day in NOLA it wasn't too crowded when we arrived so that's a good thing. The service was nice and quick and the food was delicious! They had different mimosas. I believe I had the mango mimosa( it was really really good) and the pancakes were super light and fluffy. This hidden little gem is worth it! Make the tripThis place was really a New Orleans Style type breakfast. I grabbed the Buttermilk pancakes and the Spicy Cajun Omelet. They both were good. But the pancakes were way better!! 
I gave the place a 4 although, because the restaurant isn't as clean as it could have been and the kitchen area smells like eggs, and we all know what that smells like: but the place was good. Check it outThis is the best place to eat breakfast if you are in the fq!! The omelettes are enough to make you want to kiss the cook!!!!!!!!! From the hash browns that they use garlic seasoning with down to the pancakes.  This  place isn't that big, and every time I come its filled. I will always come here for breakfast anytime im in the fqAvocado omelette.... love love love
Lots of goat cheese, asparagus, mushrooms, spinach, peppers, delicious. Quaint ambiance, chill, sweet, good service. I'd definitely come back.I had King Cake French Toast. It was pretty delicious but a little crowded and busy environment. Smart to add your name to the waitlist through the yelp app so that a table will be ready when you arrive.Walked into this place for brunch on our last day in New Orleans and we were glad we did.
The hostess greeted us right away and took our names and numbers down so she could msg us when our table was ready.
Monday, so the wait wasn't long at all..maybe 10mins??
Our server was friendly, made us laugh, and very attentive.
I ordered the Bacon Bloody Mary, which was so good with a smokey flavor and the right amount of spiciness to it. Try it! Probably one of the best Bloody Mary I've tried.
Boyfriend ordered Irish coffee and was too weak to handle it..jk it was really really really strong so he ended up ordering a regular coffee to mute it down.
The banana and blueberry pancakes were delicious and fluffy.
Seafood Benedict was good, wish it came with more hollandaise sauce.
Fluer de lis omelet was so good and satisfying.
My only real complaint is that the table we were seated at was way too small and I had a hard time eating due to no arm space since it was right against the wall in a tight space.
Will definitely returnCute little spot, but expect to wait for a breakfast table. Check in through Yelp so you don't have to wait long! Chicory Coffee was delicious but not hot. Grits were runny, which was surprising. Their biscuits were pretty amazing though.This place is just incredible, the ambience is totally chill when compared to a lot of the French Quarter and the food is awesome. The trick, according to the extremely nice girl that waited on me, is to get there on or before 8 in the morning as they start getting really busy around 9. As a person who really needs my caffeine, it was really cool that they also give you a to-go cup for your coffee. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a unique and tasty breakfast experience.Flavorful food. Fast and friendly service. Can't ask for much more out of breakfast. The seafood Benedict was a win.Great restaurant for breakfast or brunch! I started with a mango mimosa which was excellent! My boyfriend ordered the Bourbon Street Breakfast Platter mainly because it came with a shot of bourbon! Ha! I tried his pancakes and they were good. We both really LOVED the candied bacon. Since the bourbon came out in the same container as the syrup we were a little confused. Did we pour it over the pancakes? Take it like a shot? We just did both in the end and it was great. Good bourbon, lol. I ordered the shrimp & grits which were also super tasty and the grits were the star of the plate! BEST grits! I took off one star only because plating was kind of thrown together and not as pretty as the same dishes I've seen on Yelp.Another New Orleans breakfast spot well worth hitting while you're in town. Fried Oyster Eggs Benedict was amazing. I will be returning  at least one more time before we leave :)I visited the Café Fleur De Lis several years ago.  Alone in New Orleans, wandering the streets in the early morning hours, I chose the restaurant because it was cute, and having lived in Louisville, KY, the Fleur De Lis name seemed like a bit of home.  It was a great decision!  Despite the amount of time that has passed, I've never forgotten the Fleur de Lis omelet; it was so good.  I'd jump at the chance to visit NOLA, again, just to be able to return to the café for breakfast.AWSOME breakfast went back for second round. The "Big Easy" wad the Busines!One of the best breakfasts I have ever had in my life! The spinach and feta wrap with hash browns and a biscuit is amazing. Friendly staff. If you are in NOLA, this is your breakfast spot!This was a nice solid breakfast. I can HIGHLY recommend the sourdough pancakes as they are probably one of the best things on the menu. I'd skip their boudin sausage but the grits were excellent. The service was fast, friendly, and my server even helped me decide on what to eat. That old sweet or savory dilemma.Who knows how the food is. We've been waiting almost an hour and haven't received it yet. The waitress said they're busy but people have came, received their food and left since we've been here. Well, after an hour wait we left. Easily the worst experience in New Orleans - they should be ashamed of themselves.This place has been on my list of places to eat for a while, so clearly it was the first place that I had to eat at on my trip to NOLA. I wasn't planning on having a large meal here, just a few oysters, and then on to the next stop. I ended up ordering half a dozen raw oysters, half a dozen chargrilled oysters, and an oyster shooter. The shooter tasted like most shooters that I've had, but I don't really expect much from this. The oysters were GREAT though. I could not believe how big these oysters were. If you are a fan of oysters, you have got to try these! I convinced my mom to try the chargrilled oysters (she does NOT like oysters), and she actually enjoyed them. If you bring someone who is not an oyster fan here, make sure to get the chargrilled oysters.
We arrived around 12:15pm on a Thursday afternoon, and there was already a small line outside. The restaurant was getting ready to close down from 12:30 PM until 6:30pm for a private event, but they continued to seat people right up until 12:30pm. I couldn't believe how many people walked right past the line and right into the restaurant though. Make sure to check out the line outside of the door before you try walking in!
We sat at a table, as it was the first thing available and we wanted to make sure that we were able to get a seat before they closed. Even though they were closing, they never made us feel rushed, and let us stay until we were finished. I would definitely go back here again.I was starved and this tiny place served up some deliciousness. I had an omelette, hash browns and toast. My hubby said his banana pancakes were the best he ever had. The oysters Benedict was loved by another member of my party. Everything on the table was eaten. Sorry no pics, we are it up too fast. The long wait was well worth it. I'll be back next time I'm in New Orleans. I rank this a full point above Ruby Slipper on taste.A friend and I found this little cafe on our way back to the hotel one afternoon and decided that we should keep it in mind to try out before we left.  Turns out we went there the very next morning for a well needed hangover cure before a lengthy day of sight seeing and an even longer night of roaming around Bourbon Street.  
The menu is listed on huge black chalkboards above the counter where you order, although if you don't feel like craning your neck backwards and squinting from your spot in line, you can find a paper copy close to the entrance or left on tables.  It's your typical cafe menu (bagels, omlettes, breakfast platters, etc.) with a slight french twist to some dishes (i.e. you can order a "fresh" croissant instead of toast).  The prices aren't too bad either--about 6 or 7 bucks for a breakfast platter, 2 or 3 bucks for a special coffee.
The line can get pretty long, but I don't see it as the kind of place with a line out the door as there are tons of other similar cafes splattered all over the French Quarter.  You have to order at the counter, take your number card and try to find a place to sit.  The turnover in this place is pretty quick, so it shouldn't be too hard to find a seat and you can always move tables if necessary.  If you don't want to eat there, I think you can also get the food to go.  Since the place is small, it's easy to feel very crowded in there when the line is long, so I recommend sitting by the door if you can snag a spot, makes it feel a little more open.
I got a breakfast platter with eggs, hash browns, bacon and a croissant instead of toast.  The eggs were fine (I don't like yolk, so I only order the whites and it's very hard to mess those up);  the hash browns were great, shredded and greasy (maybe a little too greasy) with random bites of crispy potatoes mixed in; the croissant was ok...it was supposed to be warm and buttered but it was more like a crispy flaky mess with a spot of butter;  sadly the bacon was greasy and limp instead of nice and crispy like I expected (I ate it anyway.....you can never turn down bacon!).  My friends ordered similar platters which came out looking a lot like mine.  
Overall, the food was a little greasy for my taste, but it did the job.Best shrimp and grits everrrr .. it's small so expect to wait to be seated but they are very efficient ! Great staff , great chefsWhat a wonderful New Orleans breakfast. I love the light that enters this restaurant in the late morning. It's so peaceful. The host and our waitress were both charming and made us feel at ease.
We had the Seafood Benedict and Sweet Cream Cakes with bananas. A cup of orange juice and a much needed generous cup of New Orleans coffee. The Benedict was light, flavorful and full of good quality seafood. My pancakes were delicious and fresh. Melt-in-your-mouth type of pancakes. 
Our breakfast was heavenly.
Love this place.Let me start out by saying that I loved my breakfast!  I had the crawfish omelet, and it was wonderful. Crawfish were fresh and hot.  Rest of the  meal was just average.  It was crowded and load. But, I guess that is a sign of good food. 
My problem was that you had to move the mop bucket out of the way to get to the cooler with the juices and milk.  ICK!!
Staff was very friendly.Cramped little place in the Quarter.   Great food so it was worth rubbing elbows with the neighbors.The overall rating of 3.5 doesn't do this place justice. The food was seasoned exceptionally well and the service was excellent. If you're looking for a laid back brunch spot, I definitely recommend Cafe Fleur De Lis.I was so excited to try this place because they had a great yelp review and it was recommended to me by my cousin you recently traveled here. But I had a really awful experience here. The service and the food were absolutely terrible, I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy. 
We were seated and waited about 10 minutes to just get a glass of water.  After we were seated and kept waiting we asked the hostess if anyone was going to get us water. She looked at me blankly and then walked away. Then we waited even longer to get water and to order. 
We ordered the eggs Florentine. The waiter messed up one of the orders and instead of poached eggs one of the eggs were over easy. The whole thing was swimming in some sort of liquid. Also the hollandaise sauce was cold. The hash browns were cold, completely unseasoned, and not even brown. The waiter never checked in on us to see how we were doing. 
There are lots of lovely brunch places in New Orleans, but this is certainly not one of them.Visited this breakfast spot while in NOLA for the Essence Festival and like everywhere else they had long lines. the restaurant is very small for the lines of people that it draws which makes for a very TIGHT seating arrangement. 
For breakfast I ordered the big easy because it gave more of a variety for a first timer (Pancakes, sausage, bacon, hash brown or grits, 2 eggs and toast). The pancakes come with powdered sugar dusting which I didnt care for and was not easy to get them to leave off I guess because it was a habit for them to dust every plate! The food itself was very good as well as the portion sizing.
During our visit it was difficult for us to get seating together (but we were a large group), silverware and drinks because thay ran out of alot of things due to the big crowd. 
My experienece Im sure wouldve been better outside of the touristy time of year the essence festival occurs. Hopefully, they are more prepared for crowds like this in the future.Pros: the eggs Benedict was amazing and so was the French toast. I would recommend them both highly. The service was pretty good! 
Cons: the hostess looked like she hated her life, the air conditioning was very bad, the sausage was nasty. 
Overall, I would definitely recommend this place based on the food!!Terrible service, one of the worst Bloody Mary's I have ever had, and one of the saddest BLTs I have ever seen. Just over all bad experience. Will never go back.Beware!!!! New ownership!!! Not same place at all!! I am so dissapointed in food amd service.  Really bad for as great as it used to be. Too many great restaurants to even bother with this place.  Cold uncooked hashbrowns kitchen yelling at everyone and not good food.Meh. Friendly server. Painfully slow service. Very loud. Food was ok but nothing rave-able.Stopped in for breakfast on a rainy Sunday afternoon.  We didn't have to wait but a minute for our table for two. It was the smallest table for two I've ever sat. Despite that, we had an amazing meal. You don't come here for atmosphere or experience....just amazing food. I had the shrimp and grits. I'm not a southern so grits is not often in the top of my list but it's one of the things out waitress recommended and I am so glad that she did. It was out of this world. Warm, creamy, cheesy and savory with ample and flavorful shrimp.  My partner had a more traditional breakfast with eggs bacon toast hash browns and pancakes. It was good. But he admitted he chose poorly once has tasted mine. The pancakes were excellent btw. Cake like.This was a horrible breakfast and diner area. Took very long to serve and extremely unpleasant service. Disgusting women at the register and very rude. Way too overpriced and definitely not worth to sit and relax either. Do not go here.We tried Cafe Fleur De Lis on our recent trip to New Orleans. Using the factors of atmosphere, taste, and pricing I was quite underwhelmed by this restaurant.
I ordered the Cobb salad for lunch. It was $13. Not a crazy price, but high for a salad.
The base of the salad was your basic bag lettuce you could pick up at any grocery store. I literally felt like they had cut open a plastic bag of lettuce, and dropped it into my bowl. Then they topped it with standard items. There was absolutely nothing special about it.
I always want to have something at a restaurant that I can't easily make on my own at home. There was not one thing about the preparation of this meal that made it unique in any way.GREAT PANCAKES! It would be 5 stars if I rated solely on pancakes. My sons french toast was soggy but he didn't seem to mind.  Not the most kid friendly (no kid menu) so I had to get my 4 year old an adult sized meal. And even though we were only one of 3 tables there, early in the morning, I felt hurried (my kids were behaving nicely and no, we didn't make or leave a big mess). The waiter actually started to take my sons plate away while he still had half the food on it, was chewing, and had his fork in his hand. But give it a try (really those pancakes).This place is the definition of no-frills. The food is decent and plentiful. The decor
pretty standard. Another reviewer called it a "hole in the wall," and the description
fits. You order at the counter, but it can get dicey if you haven't grabbed a 
table first if the place is crowded. Otherwise you might end up with a plate of
hot food on the curb.This place sparked my love for shrimp and grits! ...and bacon bloody marys. Yes, bacon bloody marys! 
Found this place with my handy Yelp app while wandering around New Orleans and so happy that I did. The inside is quite small so we did have to wait a few minutes for a table but it was definitely worth it. While standing in line I noticed a sign for bacon bloody marys so, of course, I had to try one... or two ;) They were amazing! Made with bacon flavored vodka, the perfect amount of spicy, and loaded with two strips of bacon, picked green beans and peppers. 
Their food menu is also great. Lots of unique items and everything is full of flavor. We ordered the shrimp and grits and pancakes (sweet potato I think). The shrimp and grits were amazing! Seriously, If you only try one thing here, you have to try the shrimp and grits! 
Loved this place so much that I ended up back here the next day... for more bacon bloody marys and shrimp and grits! (Can you tell I liked the shrimp and grits?)Cutest spot we've visited so far. The ambiance is great, very friendly service and the food was wonderful. We had the Eggs Benedict and Spicy Boudin Omelette, both were great choices. The peach and strawberry mimosas were a hit as well. I definitely recommend it!The highs - prompt service, food delivered fast and hot.  GREAT pancakes and large portions.  Solid blue-plate breakfast.
The lows - the coffee.  Drip generic blah.  Nothing fancy - the bacon was limp, thin and generic.  Food was probably Sysco, straight out of the truck (except for the pancakes).  However, for the portions, the price was right and nothing was below-par by any stretch of the imagination (except for the coffee).  
Recommended - go for the pancakes, the bloody marys and bring your cafe-au-lait with you.The best breakfast ever!!! And the best service our waitress Kim was wonderful.:. Try this place you won't be disappointedNot worth the apparent hype that seemed to revolve around this place.  Our Server was nice and professional, accommodating to our complaints although we generally aren't the type to complain. Wife ordered the avocado omelet, and it was salty and had two thin slices of avocado; hardly appropriate for price or for a dish whose namesake is avocado. I had fried oyster Benedict; eggs were poached perfectly, but oysters were either way overcooked or not fresh. Had to spit out parts
Of each oyster because they were rubbery and chewy. Not the case at any of the other places I had oysters during our trip. Daughter had traditional breakfast, and there was an eyelash or small hair in the food. During our meal also overheard neighboring table mention they must have ordered the wrong thing... Would not recommended.Fantastic! Been here twice in two day inNOLA and will be here the next two days. Bacon Mary is the way to go and the sweet cream pancakes are the best pancakes I've ever had (and I've had A LOT). Staff is super friendly and will give you as many mimosas as you can carry to go.I had the the regular american breakfast.  Why the 4 stars and not 3 stars like Ruby Slipper Cafe?  The pancakes, they were absolutely delicious!  It was buttery, crispy on the edge and so fluffy in the middle.  I would definitely come back for the pancake! Everyone enjoyed the various breakfast food in my table, coffee was good and strong too.Got to try place! We got there just in time before the crowd and it was delicious  Eggs Florentine and the pancakes.Absolutely amazing! Food, atmosphere everything was wonderful! I'm very happy they allow use of No wait app, that shortened the amount of wait time for the table. The biscuits were so light and tasted like my momma made them. One of the stand outs was the fried green tomatoes! I would trade my right arm for these! Very tasty and the portions were generous. They have worked their way into my heart! I will be going back to them anytime I'm in New Orleans!Snotty hostess, unless you like stink eye. Runniest hollondais ever.
Good otherwise. 
Don't bother - otherwiseThis place is a quaint little gem.It's easy to find and you can get a whole delicious breakfast for $20. I had a mimosa, biscuit and shrimp and grits and it was all delish!The seafood benedict was arguably the best eggs benedict I've ever had. My husband had the big easy breakfast and said it was great. This place is small and busy so get there early. Once you're seated, the food comes pretty quickly. Highly recommend stopping here!Mediocre all the way.
We were looking for a good bfast, and was sorely disappointed. The food was mediocre at best and the service was terrible. We waited for 40 minutes for our food, all eggs and pancakes. When it came out it was not very warm, and was blasé. The server did not check up on us and only mentioned in passing that they were busy and that was the reason for the delay, which is interesting as a group who came in after us got their food, ate, and left before we got our food.So I literally was the first customer of the day...but the other day I walked by the place had a line out the door. Come early! Lol 
I'd like to think I'm a breakfast  Connoisseur, and this place has pancakes that I rank up there on my list. Do yourself a favor and make sure you taste them. Coffee was delicious as well. Can't go wrong with this place.We went for brunch on Wednesday morning.  We were seated quickly and our waiter arrived promptly.  He was in lively spirits which made our dining experience even better.  The place is small but seemed larger with a wall of mirrors and giant windows letting light in. There are several wall air conditioners which caused a background humming noise.  The noise wasn't horrible and was a
Welcome respite after the hot and humid outdoors.
The capuchino was delicious.  Husband ordered shrimp and grits, I ordered the 2 egg breakfast. Our order was quick. Food was delicious. Everything was cooked to perfection. The shrimp were perfect.  
We decided to split pancakes.  They literally could
Melt in you mouth.  
Everything was great and exceeded any expectations. We will dine here again.Best pancakes ever!! The pecan banana pancakes are a must have!!! I'm never eating pancakes again because no other pancakes could live up to the pecan banana pancakes !!!!!!cafe fleur de lis has a simply amazing breakfast menu.  the everything hashbrowns were heart attack heaven!  gravy, cheese, bacon, sausage, ham... mmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
the fleur de lis omelette was divine... tres magnifique! crawfish, peppers, cheese... bliss folded into fluffy eggs!Very friendly service. I ordered a cappuccino and the spinach and feta wrap. Both were excellent. Service got a little slow when the restaurant filled up, but I was in no hurry so that didn't bother me. I would definitely eat here again.Great coffee, cute atmosphere, and amazing food! Bananas Foster French Toast gave me a new appreciation for breakfast. Ask for Bree she's the best!!No wait, no rush. Southern hospitality. Everything you read already about their bloody Mary's and shrimp and grits is true -- it's all good!Plain interior, ok service, bland food. Not bad, just not worth it in the plethora of French Quarter options. Mid-day on a Sunday and they're out of grits, shrimp, and seafood Benedict?  Really??
Boudin was dry and tasteless. Eggs and hash browns were good, but heck, even I can fix those well. Bavarian chocolate iced coffee was decent.Hassled us about our service dog, messed up both of our orders. I'm pregnant and can't have raw egg so we told the waitress she said no problem. I got an over medium egg, raw in the middle, so we sent it back. They just scrapped off the fried egg and put scrambled on but there was still raw yolk all over the plate. Waitress tried to be very nice about it and blamed it on new kitchen staff but we wouldn't go back.Delicious! Loved every bite! Biscuits are amazing, shrimp & grits... Met my expectations! Mimosas added some fun!Best to check in on here to get a table because there is usually a wait. Coffee is strong and food is amazing. I almost licked my plate.  Will definitely go back when I visit again. Crab and crawfish Benedict was amazing! I also got a bit of my husbands pancakes before he inhaled them and all I can say is yummy.Chaos. Food barely warm. Cooks cannot keep up.. This place needs competent cooks. Never coming back.Excellent breakfast.  The boudin sausage was great, as were the grits and the biscuit was amazing.  My wife had the Seafood Benedict of which I had a bite and it was amazing!   Service was great.  If you are here for a few days, Try this place, Jimmy J's and Cafe at the Square.  All great.
To address other reviews:
Yes it's small and cramped, but you go there for the food.  Get over it.  It's New Orleans.Stopped here for breakfast recently and the food was damn good.
I had a mango mimosa with breakfast and it was great, it didn't taste like they were using the cheapest champagne but something quality. My shrimp and grits were absolutely excellent, almost as good as NOLA.
Service was a bit slow and the table and chairs are uncomfortable but the food makes up for it.The food was amazing!!! Service totally in point! 
I had seafood egg Benedict. A slice of heaven on a biscuit!!! I would recommend the bacon Bloody Mary. Definitely a nice twist. Nice and cozy. Food amazing. Prices very reasonable. But the food... Did I mention it was amazing. ;-)Cafe Fleuer De Lis is one of the great breakfast places that abound the French Quarter.  Walk a few blocks from Bourbon Street and you are on a quiet street and nobody bothers you to enter a bar or club. Cafe Fleur De Lis offers a nice variety of omelets, pancakes and some of the thickest grits you will find. You don't jog after eating grits here. You might waddle but you won't be jogging for a day. Pancakes with bananas are my favorite and only about seven dollars.came here for breakfast on a sizzling summer's day. the place was poppin inside. the wait took 5 minutes for a table for 2. the tables were quite small and the space inside was very tight. 
the iced chocolate coffee was not chocolate at all and was not up to par with the coffee competition around. the seafood eggs benedict on the other hand was delicious. it reminded me of the crab cake benedict found in ocean city, MD. one of the most beautiful moments in life is when the egg yolk pours out cinematically over the english muffin when you slice into it. the eggs i had were poached perfectly. definitely worth checking outI was attracted by the reviews which were enticing. The service was deficient by delivering the order by piecemeal and lukewarm food. Wrong choice.We stumbled across this place while walking through the French Quarter on Sunday morning. My Hand Grenade-induced hangover would not allow me to walk much further without risk of passing out, so once I saw this place, there was no hesitation. Add to the fact that the cafe serves shrimp and grits...I was sold.
The service was great - the waitress was very attentive and asked where we were from (visiting from Boston but both native Southerners, so we already have a love affair with New Orleans). My boyfriend and I both ordered the shrimp and grits, which I accompanied with a sweet tea and he accompanied with a Bloody Mary.
The meal was absolutely delicious and hit the spot. The grits were cheesy and creamy, and the shrimp were HUGE! The brown sauce they put on there added to the dish's delectability...yum!
The price was also great - around $30 or so for two shrimp and grits as well as beverages. When we were brought the check, I found it a bit odd that there was "suggested" gratuity listed at the bottom. It wasn't added to the total but was there as more of a reminder. I tipped the waitress well as she was great, but I don't like the fact that the restaurant needed to give its diners recommendations on tips. Oh well, maybe they were tired of getting short changed from the groups of bachelor parties who had spent all of their $1 bills at the strip club the night before.
In any case, I'll be sure to visit this place next time I'm in New Orleans. They had so many things on the menu at a great price that I'm eager to try!Other reviews spot on.  You wait to be seated but they will text you.   You wait at the table to served, you wait to get food.  Plan at least 1.5 hours for breakfast.  Eggs Benedict egg was overcooked and hard.  Bummer.Had the pancakes and were honestly not too impressed, almost tasted a bit raw. My friend had the shrimp and grits and the sauce for that was very tasty. Wouldn't return here but wasn't too bad either.Cute little place to get breakfast after a night on bourbon st. Lots of good fast items to choose from. Breakfast sandwiches,omelets, wraps, platters, and of course coffee. They also have a lunch menu with poboys, burgers, sandwiches, soups and salads. It's a very narrow place with tight little 4 top tables. Servers are constantly moving to bring your meal fast and fresh. Oh, and for you morning drunks, they serve bloody Mary's, mimosas, and beer. 
We ordered the farmers omelet and the ham and egg breakfast sandwich. They were both very good. They both came with hash browns. Definitely a real good spot for morning eats. They also offer food to go.I really wanted some shrimp and grits for brunch and found this hole in the wall spot. From my experience those places are usually the best. It was fairly crowded but we were seated pretty quickly, however, they quickly forgot about us as well. Nonetheless, I ordered my shrimp and grits and was very disappointed. The sauce on top of the grits was a huge letdown. The flavors were terrible mixed with the shrimp and cheese grits. It tasted as if the sauce was spoiled... Way to lemony. It would probably pair well with grilled chicken and pasta but not on cheesy grits and shrimp. It would have been great if they eliminated the sauce. This was definitely not a win. When I'm back in NOLA, I've got to try somewhere else.There aren't enough good things to say about Cafe Fleur De Lis! The shrimp and grits was amazing, possibly the best I've ever had. The mimosas were sweet and delicious!and the service was friendly and welcoming. I'd definitely recommend!We were walking around the French Quarter looking for a cool place to eat and stumbled upon this cafe. It was pretty busy when we arrived around noon and the crowd started dying down as we were finishing up 1.5 hrs later. 
I got the oyster po boy and my girlfriend got the muffuletta. The oyster po boy matched up well against the other po boys I've tried on my vacation. The muffuletta was described by our waiter as "the biggest sandwich on the menu" he did not lie. It was pretty much what would you expect for a sandwich packed with salty meats and complimented by an olive tapenade. 
I recommend giving the muffuletta a try if you stop by this cafe. :)Best muffuletta in NO.
Done perfectly with slightly crispy edges of melted cheese and perfectly blended relish with giardiniera.  Piping hot all the way through. 
Awesome, and their fries are killer too.Great breakfast spot in the quarter. Very busy, noisy, and tight seating but the service was overly friendly and the vibe was upbeat. Took a while to get food but judging how busy they were, it was expected. The flavored mimosas were great, food was delish, and it wasn't overly priced. I'll try to return to this place anytime I'm visiting the French Quarter during breakfast time.Awesome pancakes and (mostly) friendly service. A good French Quarter hole-in-the-wall for breakfast and lunch. The first time we went there Gwendolyn & Kevin (thanks for all the travel tips!) were our wait staff and very personable and fun; they kind of set the N'awlins experience trip for us and made us feel so cool about our vacation. We tried eating there three mornings later and sat for 15 minutes ignored by a couple of black waitresses (sorry--no racism intended) and left without ordering. We'll try again but peek in the window to see who's on duty.Crawfish omelette with crawfish étouffée was delightful!! Gosh these hash browns in Nola are freaking crunchy and amazing.  The food speaks to my soul.  Mmmmm!!!  Came here for breakfast 2 days in a row!Great place for breakfast! The weather was fabulous so the doors were open as well as the balcony. I had the avocado omelet with grits and all I can say is amazing! We got there about 7:45 and had no problems getting a table but when we left at 8:45 it had started to get busy. The lunch menu looked equally delicious!Delicious breakfast while in NoLa. Service was great.. it's a tiny place, but they make it work. Also, you can add yourself to the wait list and they will text you when your table is ready, which is great because it's on Royal St. and there are many shops and galleries to check out next door.Not recommended if you are hungry. Unable to provide timely service. Food could be better for the time it takes to receive your meal. Also, they should not serve burned hash browns. Coffee was good.Excellent breakfast for the price point. We both enjoyed our omelets but the hash browns were nothing too special. The coffee was tasty and the bread pudding was a nice finish. We'd come back if there weren't so many other local options to try.Came here for brunch on a Monday by suggestion of one of the merchants across the street. I was one of two patrons so the bartender was very attentive although the food was still slow to arrive. I liked fresh muddled fruit mimosas and was torn between the fried green tomato benedict sandwich (which was on special) and the spicy boudin omelet. The bartender suggested the omelet which was quite good although the cheese grits were not (but I'm spoiled. See my review for Trip's Diner)I really enjoyed dining here, more so than the Ruby Slipper. In fact, my party and I dined here twice. The service and food are good. The menu has some very interesting selections which a foodie such as myself could appreciate since I was visiting as a tourist. The only suggestions are to consider adding cornbread to the menu without removing the biscuits. I scored a 4/5 because some of the food items during both of my visits had to be returned for reheating purposes. Therefore, I would suggest that attention be directed toward the temperature of hot food upon serving it to patrons. Overall, I do intend on visiting again when I return on vacation to NOLA. I would recommend this restaurant to other patrons, especially if brunch is their  favorite meal of the day.Best brunch I've had in New Orleans. Shrimp bloody Mary's, fried green tomatoes. What more can you ask for.I used to like this place but just had breakfast there and was disgusted by the number of health code violations I witnessed while forced to watch the kitchen from my table. How do you feel about having the cook eat while he's cooking your food and moves his hand from his mouth to  your food? Thought I'd complained to the manager who was expediting, but she had toast propped on her bosom touching her t-shirt. My decision is not to eat there again.We came here on Saturday morning, expected to have a small wait. Food however is average and service also very average! Definitely not an exceptional breakfast place!I was visiting NOLA for the first time and this spot was a block away from my hotel. Tried it the first morning and went back every morning after! It's in a good location, good prices, good food....can't beat it! I also had my first taste of grits (plain) here and I fell in love....It should be illegal for food (and drinks) to be this good!! Get the Oyster Benedict! You won't regret it! Their biscuits are like heaven! Soft and delicate yet seemingly grilled to provide a slightly crispy finish. Incredible! My husband got the Creole Country Breakfast and loved it as well! As for drinks, they had a special Italian Cream Mimosa and it was sinfully delicious!! After having Benedicts at Ruby Slipper then coming here. I would NEVER go back to Ruby Slipper. Every component of the Benedict was better here! It doesn't get better than this!! Do yourself a favor and come here! Also, use the Skip The Line feature in the Yelp app! There are only 17-18 tables in this little hidden gem. Bon Appetit!PERFECT breakfast spot. We ended up going twice in four days, I got the seafood benedict both times and loved it both times. Good bloody mary's. There were four of us which was difficult with the table size, but we made it work.This is, by far, THE best food I've had in NOLA!  Had the boudin omelette, fried green tomatoes and their Bloody Mary and it was impeccable.  Waited about 15 minutes for a table but it was totally worth the wait!!!The fleur-de-lis is one of the many well-known symbols of New Orleans, probably most famous as the emblem of the New Orleans Saints team. So what other name would be better fitting for a country/cajun breakfast/lunch place located in the heart of the French Quarter than Cafe Fleur-de-Lis? This was our final food destination in New Orleans, as we brought our trip to a close.Like a few of the other restaurants we'd been to the previous day, there was nothing really fancy about this place. Really it's all about the food here. There are your simple breakfast items like bagels, pastries, and cereal on display at the order counter, But they also have an extensive, made-to-order breakfast/lunch menu, all classically hand-written on blackboards with that cool chalk-marker stuff.So, we had looked up Cafe Fleur-de-Lis earlier and heard that the omelets were pretty big, and as a result--we agreed on another split: The Cajun Country Omelet (which came with toast, hash browns, and orange slices) and a side order of pancakes. And boy, are we glad we did! The omelet was HUGE and topped with gravy and fresh chopped parsley, the pancakes were big, fluffy, and dusted with powdered sugar...It was more than enough for both of us.
After the first mouthful of that omelet, I swear I heard a choir of Seraphim belting "Hallelujah"! ...Yes, it was THAT good. And the pancakes? They literally melted in my mouth with slightly sweet, buttery deliciousness. And I'm pretty much convinced that all New Orleans coffee is good. Best. Breakfast. Ever. I guarantee you I will be returning here in the future.
Bottom line: Cafe Fleur-de-Lis is another example of awesome food, reasonable prices, and simple, basic surroundings. The breakfast isn't just good...it's EPIC! 
Please visit my blog site to see this review, more photos, and other reviews....
http://roscoenala.webs.com/apps/blog/show/10684524-restaurant-review-cafe-fleur-de-lisStill have yet to get our food. Smells good and looks good, wish I could taste. Don't come here in your last day or if you have limited timeReally busy in the mornings but the food was worth the wait. We had eggs Benedict, pancakes and big easy breakfast. Pancakes were really fluffy and tasty. Eggs Benedict sauce was very delicious and was presented really well. There is not much to say about the big easy breakfast since you can't go wrong with sausage, eggs and bacon.
The reason why I am taking one star off is because of the service. They lacked energy maybe it's cos they are working on a Christmas morning. But I feel they could do a better job. We had to wait for 10 minutes to get water and did not get refill for ice tea.The food was really good and the waitress was very kind. But I can't help but feel that the structure of the kitchen needs to be worked in. The food didn't come together. There were multiple mistakes with our orders and the waitress kept apologizing. It could be either of the cook or waitress's fault but regardless I probably wouldn't come here by choice again. The food did taste good. It just took a very long time to come to the tableBest meal I've had in New Orleans during my stay. Great service too. Highly recommend the oyster Benedict.Eggs Benedict was AMAZING! Excellent brunch spot! The wait time was reasonable for a Sunday brunch spot. We were able to give our phone number to receive a text when our reservation was ready. This allowed us to explore some stores in the area, rather than waste time standing outside the restaurant. Will definitely go back to this place when we return to NOLA.We went for breakfast on a recent trip to New Orleans. My wife ordered the shrimp and grits and said they were the best she'd ever had. I opted for the spinach and feta wrap. Also a good choice. Did I mention they have great bloody marys? We liked it so much we went back the next morning!I have a food allergy so I have to be careful of what I eat. Here I had the seafood Benedict with no biscuit and the hash browns and it was soo good! The sauce was delish, the seafood cakes were good and not too oily and fresh orange juice, I loved itThis place was tiny, packed, and full of amazing flavors. I went in for breakfast by myself, and the atmosphere was great.  I had the Cafe Fleur De Lis omlet (which was amazing), and peach mimosas. My food was delicious, my drinks were heavily poured, I sat amd read without glares, and the bill wasn't too high. Definitely a new favorite of mine!Sat down with another group in front of us and was ignored for 25 minutes. The group in front and behind us were waited on and served immediately. At the 30 min point we were finally acknowledged and asked for our drink order. Here at the 45 minute mark waiting in our food as the the group in front and behind finish their meals. Here on vacation and will not be coming back or rendering anyone to your establishment.I ate here with brunch on the last morning in town before heading back home. This is a pretty popular spot for brunch, and given the small space, you'll likely have to wait a little bit of time before getting seated. There was about a 15-20 minute wait before our group of 5 got seated, which, considering the tiny space, was not all that bad. It has a bit less charm than other spots in the French Quarter, and it does feel a little bit divey. Our waiter was alright, but he didn't understand my question about orange juice, and somehow my hashbrowns were forgotten entirely when my Big Easy Breakfast was brought out (everyone else ordered the same dish, and it included them).
Speaking of our food, the Big Easy Breakfast is pretty much what you'd expect a standard breakfast to be - pancakes, eggs, breakfast meats, home fries, and toast. It's relatively cheap, but the food is quite average. The pancakes were a bit overcooked, with the outside being a bit overcrisped and dark. The eggs were over-easy - hard to do wrong - and the home fries were a tad buttery but pretty solid. Toast - quite bland. The sausage was decently flavored, but the bacon was a tad undercooked.
It's possible that the more regional brunch dishes are better-prepped and more representative of the local cuisine, but the food was pretty average overall. I would come back if there wasn't a line and wanted some standard-issue brunch cuisine, but I don't think I would wait in line again if I had the choice.Had the Spicy Boudin Omelette with hash browns; absolutely fantastic!
The best breakfast we had had so far!
Definitely a must when in New Orleans!Great brunch. Small, quaint restaurant with an excellent, friendly team providing attentive service. The menu has typical brunch classic and NOLA specialities. The catfish po'boy was the best that I had in the area. The Bloody Mary was huge and heavy on the spice and garnishing.Don't bother waiting to get a seat. You can place an order and wait for over an hour for your food.  My husband and I left before our food even arrived.  Worse experience ever! Their excuse is a back upped kitchen and more dining area to cover. If they want to continue staying in business I would recommend they solve that problem immediately.We met up with a couple friends for brunch on Memorial Day, and the service, food, and drinks were great!! Everything came out in a timely manner and was cooked well. The place is quite small, maybe 15 tables, and barely enough room to accommodate all of our plates (4 regular sized plates plus 2 smaller plates) plus drinks and waters. It was right around the corner from our hotel, which is why we chose it, and not too much of a wait, maybe 15 minutes.  I would definitely go back if we're in the area again!  Try their peach or strawberry mimosa!Horrible experience. We didn't get anything we ordered. Ordered grits, got hash browns. No explanation until we asked why. Ordered avocado omelette, no avocados. Ordered baked breakfast sandwich, got disgusting bacon on dry toast with no sauce (there was supposed to be Gruyiere with a Mornay sauce. Then the checks were split amongst my party and the diners who ordered the same things, got different bill amounts. And we aren't feeling great afterwards. AvoidWe were looking for a place to rest and have a nice late lunch. The decor is simple but the food is amazing. We ordered shrimp and grits which were probably the best I've ever eaten. They were creamy, saucy, and perfectly seasoned. We also ordered a muffaletta which was gigantic but had to box it up because we were so full from sharing the shrimp and grits. 
We ate the muffaletta a few hours later and it was delicious as well.
Service was good.
I would definitely eat here again.Most delicious brunch I've ever had! I had the seafood Benedict and I was in love. I would definitely recommend coming here, BUT ONLY IF YOU ARE WILLING TO WAIT. We were waiting about 2 hours for a table and we were starving. The hostesses were SO sweet and were doing their best to accommodate everyone. I would definitely recommend coming here again.Great hole in the wall with large portion (but not too much that you waste food). Worth the wait as there is usually a line. Has become a weekly staple for my day in New Orleans.