Okay so I did not stay and eat. We came in and were taken upstairs to this stuffy ads room while there was plenty of seats on the lower level. So I left. FYI they print the menu daily cause we considered ordering but the lamb we wanted was not on offer that day. I gave it two stars cause the ambience is so nice and for the possibility of good food. LolWe got there around 8pm on a Saturday and were seated outside immediately. The whole place has a super cozy atmosphere, almost as if it was someone's home. Plus, it boasts a beautiful courtyard, complete with heaters for the chillier days. 
Our service was very good. Potentially the best we had while in New Orleans. The cocktails were good too, though I forget which ones I tried. In regards to food:
Mozzarella fire balls: 5/10
While they were decent, there was really nothing too special about them.
Pork chop: 8/10
As far as pork chops go, this one was good! I especially loved the creamy grits. 
Fish of the day 9/10
The fish the day we went was a red fish. And it was delicious! 
Overall, our experience was great! I will definitely go back the next time I'm back in New Orleans. I will say, however, that the pricing gravitates more towards $$$ rather than just $$, as listed on yelp.5 stars - cocktails
3 stars - food
Cocktails were the best I had this trip. Could have had something to do with the fact we were sitting on the stuffy patio in 90-degree heat at lunch time. My swizzle, not too strong, had just the perfect alcohol content and balance. My companion ordered the Elysian Fields Forever and it was similarly refreshing.
Starters were nice. Shrimp and grits was perfect except I could have done without the creole mayo everyone puts on everything in New Orleans (but calls something different). Fresh tomato soup was a triumph of good ingredients.
As for the mains... that's where things fell flat. I guess we'd already had a few good po'boys by this point in the trip, and we were disappointed that every entree on the menu except for one was a sandwich! All were too heavy. The catfish poboy, while tasty, was covered in that same creole mayo and leaked greasy drippings as I bit into it. Not really what I wanted to eat in the middle of the day.  Cochon de lait was a good sliced cold roast pork sandwich, but nothing more.
Definitely would try more of the lighter fare here - small plates, appetizers, soups, salads... and of course more of those refreshing cocktails.Love this place for brunch!  The free drinks are also a hit!  Definitely try the belgian waffle - can't say enough good stuff about this place!Went here two times when I was in NOLA for French quarter fest. Great location and food.One of my favorite places to eat and visit every time we travel here. The food is always excellent. We enjoy coming in the evening for dinner and sitting in the courtyard! One of my favorites starters are the Brussels Sprouts. The chicken dinner is excellent. The bone in buffalo chicken is awesome with the blue cheese sauce and the cilantro is great. Served with mashed potatoes and the asparagus. Loved it.Decided to try this place for dinner one night when in NOLA for work. Close to the French Quarter on a parallel street to Bourbon. It was SUPER dark inside the restaraunt which made it actually hard to see anything. While I was waiting for my prosecco a couple of folks came into the restaurant who knew the people working at the bar and they proceeded to have a very LOUD conversation while the customers dropped some f bombs which I thought was inappropriate as there were kids nearby but I digress. My waitress was attentive and the food I got was good. Not sure I would come back again but it was ok.I was dining solo and arrived at the restaurant at 5 pm on a Thursday before dinner rush with lots of tables open on the patio and inside but was told I could only sit at the bar to eat. Food was great but would have been better if I could have experienced it on the beautiful patio area.I love Café Amelie so much, I named my dog after it! (Just the Amelie part). Easy to miss--happened upon the signboard one day while strolling up Royal and decided to give it a try. After entering the front gate, I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful courtyard. It's well-hidden from the street. My favorite drink is the Ruby Slipper, and I've honestly loved every entrée I've ordered from the menu.
 I once even brought Amelie there, and the kind wait staff provided her with her own water bowl. Unfortunately she chose to show her gratitude by jumping in the garden and rolling around in the petunias, which the staff was very nice about. I highly recommend Café Amelie, but if your dog really enjoys frolicking in lovely gardens or fountains, it's probably best that you leave her at home.super tasty.  nice spot.  went for late lunch.  after meetings and hung over.  great spot to chill, read paper, and eat some good food.  oyster app and salmon entrée were good.  service was good but not great.  still enjoyed!!Amazing restaurant! The place is beautiful and the food is great! It's in a lovely, quiet part of the French Quarter.every time I dine here my expectations are surpassed. The fried catfish sandwich is divine, as is the shrimp and grits and different salad selections. The courtyard is quaint and quintessentially French Quarter. And the drinks are divine. Try my fav- the French 75,Food is amazing but the service absolutely sucks. I never got my appetizer and our server never checked up on us. He would've gotten a fat tip just from the drinks I ordered but now he just lost a customer.Pretty much disappointed with our New Years Eve dinner. Oysters in oyster dip were inedible and had to be spit out after a good chew. Pork tenderloin was undercooked. Both orders were incorrect as the waiter didn't write the orders down. They did comp one of the orders, though, without a request or complaint. It's going to be a while before I come back here. Love the ambienceIt was getting on the later side for dinner and we were walking around Yelping for a place to eat and I stumbled upon this gem, and that it is, a gem.  It was only 1-1.5 hours from closing when we got there and there was an hour wait.  At this point we were willing to wait, as we had trouble getting in a few other places.  
The ambiance is fantastic, just what you want for waiting.  Great little courtyard with several benches to wait at, very relaxing and well done.  We got some cocktails from the bar and they were great (I would recommend the rhubarb bourbon drink).  The wait was a great time to have some chill conversation.
We were feeling pretty sharing this trip, so we did one of every appetizer for our meal (and doubled-up on a few after we ate them the first time).  The shrimp and grits seemed to be everyone's favorite and it was yummy indeed.  I personally loved the poutine and burrata.  The poutine was the best I've had, it hit so many good elements you just wanted more.  The burrata was creamy and subtle, which is a great balance to some of the more aggressive flavors on the other dishes (but nothing was overly aggressive on any dish).  
I also want to give a shout out to our waiter he was super cool as well (don't remember his name, but I like any Bears/Cubs fan)
We come to NOLA every year, as I have a client here and I hope to make this place a yearly stop in the future!Loved this place. We had dinner here on our vacation and it was great. They have a very nice patio if the weather is nice. Try the shrimp and grits!I am about to give very honest feedback on dining experience that I had 40 minutes ago. Based on positive reviews, we walked about 40 minutes to dine here. When we walked in, the beautiful courtyard welcomed us warmly. Water fountain, Italian lights, and cute garden made us super excited. We did not have a reservation so had to wait about 30 minutes for outdoor seats. We did not mind hanging around at the beautiful courtyard until we started bitten by moschiqos. It should be noted that the hosts gave us repellent which was very nice of them. My friend had 6 + bites and I had one, then we changed our mind to sit at an indoor table. Our table was in the middle of action, which was busier than bourbon street. We asked to move to a table by the window. The server told us that the table is reserved for the owner and she, the owner, is coming tonight. Shortly after we found out that it was a lie. The other party on the wait list with us sat there. Very unprofessional to lie to your patrons!
We had shrimp and grits that everyone talks about. It was the best shrimp and grits that I have ever had. It was worth every mosquito bite, wait, and a lie. For the main entree we had the special entree which was roasted pork with mashed potato and green beans. Our server highly recommended it. It was the worst dish I ever had in a while. Sauce was so sweet that it hurted my palate. I stop eating after one bite. So much for $29 chef's special entree! That was just bad. I wouldn't eat it even if it was a dollar. 
Lastly, the nine layered cake was disappointing as well. It tasted like from a grocery store. Overall, shrimp and grits was a way to go but i can't ignore too many other misses. Won't recommend.This restaurant is a must for fans of great food and ambience.  The service was excellent as well.
Try to get a courtyard seat if you can for maximum ambience; however, if the wait is too long, eating inside with a view out the big windows is still very charming, and the food is just as sublime wherever you are seated.
My partner, who I had never heard gush about food at all, got the chicken, and said that it was the best chicken he's ever had, which is saying something, given is extensive world travels and up-bringing.I loved this place. Good food, good prices and best of all an amazing courtyard. iI's like a breath of fresh in the french quarter. it has a tranquil laid back vibe with solid food at reasonable prices. Try:: shrimp and grits and house drinks.Went here after reading reviews on yelp and was not disappointed. Everything was excellent. Owner is a really nice guy who gave us lots of suggestions for our stay in nola. Would recommend to anyone.I wish I could leave a review on the food BUT I DIDN'T EVEN GET THROUGH THE FRONT GATE. 
I had a reservation (OpenTable) at 2:45 PM on a Sunday and a worker at the gate told me they were closed. I explained I had a reservation, but he said sorry we're closed but I could see people still dining. 
So.. ok I get it they closed early for some reason. Probably over booked, which signifies bad management. I called to make a formal complaint on the phone and the woman (Hannah) HUNG UP THE PHONE right after I said "I would like to make a complaint."
I gave her the benefit of the doubt and called back in case the line was disconnect on accident (Nope, she definitely hung up). She was so RUDE. I really did not expect that from such a highly rated and elegant cafe. She just wanted to get rid of me and all I was trying to do was make a formal complaint. She started with 1) we can't accommodate you to 2) the kitchen is closed  to 3)Cafe Amelie is closed. Yes, I get it. I WANT TO MAKE A FORMAL COMPLAINT. That's all, which btw she didn't care about. This all happened before 3:00PM when Cafe Amelie was supposed to be officially closed. 
Based on my experience, Cafe Amelie has:
1) unfriendly service (at least on the phone)
2) Over booking/Bad time management
It would have been nice to at least get an apology for 1) any inconvenience (it was not easy to find or get to) and 2) not fulfilling my reservation or cancelling ahead of time. I didn't get an apology and can't expect that either unfortunately. I wouldn't have bothered taking the time to go there if they had just contacted me to let me know that they had to cancel my reservation. Generally this is something a highly efficient restaurant would do. Well...they did cancel it after I called since I received a cancellation email at 2:57pm. Highly disappointed at this establishment.One of my favorite meals in NOLA! Given the fact that there are already 1444 reviews and 1255 pictures, this place really doesn't need another five star review.  However, I have to document my experience here, if not for anyone else, but for me to read in the future.  In a way, Yelp has become my food journal :)  Cafe Amelie is one of the most charming restaurants I've been to.  Starting from the beautiful signage and gorgeous courtyard.  I feel like I am stepping to a wealthy person's garden from the 1920s.  We got there around 11am for our 11:15 reservation and there was already a long time by the hostess table.  Thankfully the line moved fairly fast and we elected to sit inside by the window with a sweeping view of the garden.  We ordered:
Fig & Goat Cheese - I've decided to order this dish after looking through the photos on Yelp simply because how pretty it looked.  This dish was a good balance to the rest of the dishes we ordered as it felt light and refreshing.  Don't get me wrong, it is bread slathered with goat cheese, but it was the perfect pairing with the butter heavy shrimp & grits, as well as the spiciness of the cochon de lait sandwich.  I loved the dried fruits embedded in the bread and how well the fig jam paired with the goat cheese.  The only thing that would make this dish even better would be the inclusion of fresh figs.
Shrimp & Grits - hand's down the best shrimp & grits I've had in NOLA.  Words cannot describe how perfectly cheesy and buttery the grits were.  They melted in my month, and I am actually salivating a bit just writing this.  The shrimps were good, but the grits were definitely the star in this dish.  This was my favorite dish here.
Chicken & Andouille Sausage Gumbo - a great dish, but I personally thought the gumbo here was the second best gumbo that I've tried in this city (the first being the one from the Gumbo Shop).  I thought it was perfectly seasoned and I love the fact that they use shredded chicken, that way, I can get chicken at each bite!
Cochon De Lait Sandwich - this was my guy's favorite dish.  I thought the pork was too spicy for my taste.  I normally like spicy food, but thought this was too spicy for me to truly enjoy it.  My guy did thought of an ingenious plan of pairing the sandwich with the fig jam from the fig & goat cheese dish.
Doberage Cake - this was one of the items I most looked forward to when I read the Yelp reviews for this place, and was sad when I didn't see this dessert listed on the menu.  Fortunately, my waiter saved the day and found a piece in the kitchen that was left over from the prior night's dinner service.  This was one of the highlights of my meal, it was moist and not super sweet, despite the caramel drizzles.  We asked for a couple of scoops of vanilla ice cream, and that made it even better!
Service here started a bit slow, we waited for at least 10-15 minutes before our waiters walked over (and that was only due to the fact that I've flagged him down).  To be fair, it was a full house and all the servers seemed a bit overwhelmed.  However, service picked up from there, our waiter was fairly attentive and stopped a few times to check on us, as well as to provide refills of water and coffee.  Moreover, as I mentioned above, he tracked down a piece of doberage cake for me, and that makes him a hero in my book!  Overall, this was an amazing experience and I highly recommend it to anyone who is vising NOLA.Stopped by after a Ghost Tour for dessert. Service was great!  Food was amazing. Will definitely come back here for dinner on our next trip to New Orleans.Went for Sunday brunch without reservations, so we waited an hour. The bar staff was super friendly though, so it went by fast. We were seated upstairs and it was very cute and cozy. Food was excellent and waitress was friendly. Definitely would return!The food was okay, not too surprising. But the service was sooooo terrible. It was our second day of vacation, and we just arrived in New Orleans. As soon as we arrived, I tried to find something amazing to eat on Yelp, and this cafe came to my sight for its unbelievable reviews and delicious shrimp and grits. We were attracted to its unique patio and building style. But the host seemed kinda cold, but it was ok. The server came to us after we sat down. She told us the special soup and special drink for the day. We are not native speaker so the way she talked was too fast for us to catch. My friend asked her "what is the special food?" She said some kind soup and "I've already said". And when I asked her what was your daily pasta special. She just told me it was on the menu. There was explanation under the "daily pasta special". But I saw crawfish pasta in Yelp, I assumed there would be something different since it was "daily special". Then she just told us she would be back and hurried to the next table behind us. She didn't ask us for drinks!!!! After she gave that table drinks, she passed by our table three times and not a single word for us. She even greeted to the table which came in after us. We did get three cups of water from a nice busboy. About 20 minutes later, she still didn't come back to us. One of my friends went to the host asking about where our server was. She apologized. And 5 mins later the server came back. The first word she said was "is there more questions?" I was angry about the way she treated us who were her customers. But I replied "no, not really." And we got our food order. She totally ruined our mood for visiting. Definitely won't be back again. Even though the food was good and the environment is beautiful. Not worth it. Not recommend. In my opinion, she's definitely a racist. And she deserved what she got in the end.Great little cafe with romantic atmosphere! We decided to eat here because the reviews looked great & the dress code was casual. The hubby had the special which was a jerk style pork tenderloin. The flavors were delicious according to him and accompanied with yummy green beans. He also really liked the local Nola beer.  I had the citrus chicken, which the server recommended for being marinated in fancy citrus from a local farm. The chicken was baked and was juicy and savory with a lemon/citrus flavor. They served it with asparagus and mashed potatoes, that were excellently prepared. We also shared a beet salad with goat cheese that was very generous with the roasted beets in balsamic drizzle. We did not have dessert because we had a party to attend later but the table next to us had an amazingly decorative seven layers cake I wanted to try!!  
The service was excellent and I enjoyed the old fashioned romance of the building, we ate in the carriage house. The patio is adorable but it was too hot weather when we visited in a June day.Let me start by saying the food was very good. The problem was with the hostess & wait staff. The hostesses were rude & made snide comments while waiting for table & having to clean it, we were on time for our reservation, they were late. It was a while before we got water & were waited on. The servers seemed as though they could not be bothered with us. Our waitress did not know what the chef's dessert was. We wanted to take our leftover food home with us, our plates were dropped.  No restitution was made for us, we barely got an apology & the waitress said it doesn't keep well anyway.  Very disappointed in our service.The food was amazing! I ordered the muffuletta and my wife ordered the shrimp and gritz. Both were delicious and highly recommend!  The mimosas were also on point and the atmosphere is what you look for when you come to New Orleans!Always our first thought for dining. Setting in the courtyard is lovely. Food prep consistent. Servers are friendly and helpful. Service is efficient.My life will never be the same. Nor will my taste buds. The shrimp and grits were one of the best meals I have ever had. Beautiful setting. Great staff. All around five-star worthy. This will be my first stop the next time I am in New Orleans.Delicious! Very fresh menu. We sat outside and had excellent service. Our server even apologized for the food taking too long, but we thought it was very fast! We splurged and had dessert--chocolate lava cake with chicory ice cream. Yum! Highly recommend the outdoor seating for a nice romantic dinner in the French Quarter.Romantic setting!! Amazing outdoor courtyard and cute cottage bar. Great cocktails, champagne, and wine.
Pros
Romantic courtyard with fountain
Ambiance
Service
Drink list
Food
Cons
It closes early on weekendsWhat a gorgeous restaurant. We sat on the patio for dinner in 70-degree weather and could not believe how magical the atmosphere felt. It was almost like being in the backyard of a friend (if that friend was incredibly wealthy and a stellar chef). I don't have any friends like this, so I'll settle for making reservations any time I'm in town.
Cafe Amelie is open and inviting, yet secluded from the street. There's greenery all around and an old-world feel that is customary for the French Quarter. The service was attentive and friendly. Although we didn't partake, the wine and cocktail list looked excellent. The homemade seeded french bread with butter was a wonderful starter. Of all the breads, french isn't at the top for me -- but this was so fresh, I went back for seconds. 
Fresh is really the best way to describe all the food at Amelie. Natural flavors shine and are complemented by each other. We loved the beet and goat cheese salad as well as the salmon with the cream sauce. After days of eating heavy, fried foods, it was nice to have something light and delicious. Would recommend to anyone (but make reservations!)I've been to Amelie three or four times and it's always very scrumptious. The atmosphere is perfect for a date night and they have great drinks as well. Service is impeccable and knowledgeable about the menu. My husband and I will keep going back!I just ate the best sandwich I have ever had. Cubano also the coleslaw is really yummy! Ice coffee, very clean great fast service!I can't say enough good things about this place!! 
And every time we bring people here, they also enjoy the place very much. 
I suggest the shrimp and grits and the gumbo (best I've ever had, hands down! 
And if it's sunny, seat out in the patio. 
And our favorite server so far was: everyone we had serving us! They always seem to really enjoy their job. And expect them to be enjoying themselves on dress up weekends!!This was my first time here and I came for lunch. I got the chicken classic salad sandwich and it was really fresh and good. The pastries looked really good but I didn't have room for dessert after my sandwich.Wonderful lunch here! I had the beet salad with goat cheese and walnuts and the salmon cake.  Everything was fresh and delicious! Service was awesome as well.Try the boucherie with fries... It's a fancy version of poutin served NOLA style. Fries with a light gravy and boucherie with cheese on top. Also a good bet if you want something light and filling is the Amelie mixed salad. The ambience inside is not fancy but casual, yet the outside seating has a small but quaint garden which is closed off from the street hustle and noise.Had a hard time narrowing our meals down on a short trip but glad this was one of the stops. Five stars all the way. Perfect night to eat outside. Everyone's entree was great. Baked chicken, chop on grits, duck, everything perfect. Generous portions. You won't leave hungry.
Bill won't scare you either. About 25 per entree. Would eat here again on next visit.1) That courtyard is a pile of sex. If you're on a date and you have dinner in that courtyard and then do not IMMEDIATELY go home and bone like teenagers, you're doing everything wrong.
2) In the event that it is fall (and 70 degrees because it's the south) and they are serving Turducken Gumbo, order it. It's hearty and delicious and two people can split it if they want to but why would you want to?
3) That courtyard though. Seriously.
4) Service is incredibly nice and the kitchen appears to be upstairs (??) so be really nice to your servers because making people unnecessarily climb flights of stairs is a dick move.My wife and I at here for our anniversary.  The outdoor seating and atmosphere were awesome.   The table and chairs are not the most comfortable, but they were comfortable enough.
For an appetiser, I had the goat cheese and fig jam on bread.  My wife had the goat cheese and beet salad.  Both were great.  I really loved the fig jam.
For our entrees we had the atlantic salmon and the pork chop.  both were done well, especially the salmon.  I loved it.  
We ended the meal with coffee and the bread pudding.
It was a great evening and the waiter made our time special.The food here was excellent. The atmosphere had a French country vibe, which I liked. However we arrived during the water boil advisory and weren't able to order iced tea ect. I get it we had to buy bottled water. However after receiving the bill the bottled water was 6 dollars each meaning we spent 40 dollars in water. That was stupid. I think they should've had a better deal then that considering. Oh well. Also another annoyance is that the menus stated that they can accept 4 card payments. However when we paid we were only able to pay with two.I thoroughly enjoyed my solo dinner here. The food was good, the ambiance even better.What an amazing place.  I stumbled into Cafe Amelie this past Saturday while browsing the galleries on Royal Street.  I travel to NOLA every few months on business and was delighted to come across this gem.  The courtyard is incredible (shady and relaxing).  The food is amazing- had an awesome salad and gourmet sandwich.  Most items are organic.  The staff is friendly.
I highly recommend Cafe Amelie to anyone looking to enjoy a real New Orleans experience.Cute/charming restaurant in the middle of fun/lively French Quarter. Highly recommend Shrimp & grits nom nom nom! Love the outdoor ambiance, it's a good place for any occasionCame here for my last meal in N'awlins, and I heard so much about their shrimp and grits. 
I rolled as a party of 1 and was told that the wait was also 45minutes unless I opt to sit at the bar; I opted to sit at the bar, even though the evening transformed to a nice, cool romantic-like atmosphere (especially in the courtyard) after a beautiful hot but breezy day.
I enjoyed the pairing of scrimps and Abita Strawberry lager some other night I was on Royal street at some other place, so I got that.  For food, I had 2 appetizers/starters: the satsuma glazed pepper shrimp (about 5 medium-large sized shrimp on top of a small bed of greens), and the shrimp and grits.
I wish they dialed back the salt on the shrimp, which completely fried my taste buds. The satsuma pepper glazed shrimp had some sort of marmalade component to it so  the sweetness, at least, blunted the force of the salt.  
The star of Cafe Amelie's take shrimp n' grits is the maque choux--creamy with some corn cooked in a spicy cream sauce. The shrimp would've shared some of the glory if it weren't oversalted.
Overall, I'd say i'll give this place 3.5 stars, round up to 4.Came in for lunch on a Friday.  We ordered the mozzarella balls for an app and gumbo. The mozzarella balls were a little under seasoned.  The gumbo was to die for.  I was seriously sad when I got to the end of the bowl. The patio was so nice.  Make reservations in advance or you may be waiting a while for this gem of a restaurant.This was such an awesome experience! Food was excellent and the bar tenders were very on top of their game! Had the mixed greens and pork chop on top of grits. To die for. Highly recommend!!Wow! We went for Sunday brunch. The line outside the door in preparation for their 1100 open was very long. I highly recommend getting reservations, which allowed us to move to the front and be seated first (guaranteeing a seat). The ambiance is superb, a courtyard in an old French quarter house with a fountain, mature trees, and lots of ferns. Their full bar provided us with tasty beverages and their coffee is good. The shrimp and grits is out of this world, some of the best I have ever had (and I have eaten a lot of shrimp and grits in my time). I had the over easy with cochon de lait, which was delicious. Husband had Amelie scramble, which he also enjoyed. Greatly enjoyed all of it and would absolutely return.Really charming, romantic setting. Great prices, too. We not the burratta to start. And then $29 surf and turf, which seemed very reasonable! The filet was cooked perfectly-- I like mine rare, and it was cooked solidly.While they don't have a gluten free menu, the staff was very knowledgeable about the ingredients in their dishes.  I thoroughly enjoyed my salad and shrimp and grits!  Try the Strawberry Shrub for something different to drink!  Like most restaurants in the French Quarter, this was a pricey place to eat, but IMO, you pay nearly the same to eat at other spots where the food isn't nearly as good.
Reservations recommended - when we tried to do a walk-in for dinner, they were fully booked and didn't take any walk-ins.  For lunch the following day, we were able to walk-in (in fact, they didn't take reservations for lunch), but we were told there would be an hour wait.  It was more like 15 minutes.The concierge at our hotel recommended this place. It did not disappoint! Sat outside at the courtyard and took in the scenery. Ate the most amazing grits and being from Miami God knows we don't eat grits. Amazing!! Great way to start our Sunday. Highly recommend.We came on a Saturday but it was closed for a wedding, so we came back for Sunday brunch. I ordered a nice rose wine and the shrimp and grits for our appetizer.  Both were amazing! By far,  the best shrimp and grits that I have ever had! My boyfriend ordered the pork sandwich and I ordered the blackened catfish sandwich and though my sandwich was delicious, I secretly dream about being reunited with the pork sandwich lol The only bad thing was that it was ridiculously windy that day and we weren't allowed to move indoors.Loved it. Really cute place. It stays busy too! We first walked up and put our name on the list and were told 1.5 hour wait. Within ten minutes we were called though. They said they had to wait on the reservations to not show up. Either way the staff moved quickly even with being so busy. We ordered the pork chop which came with grits and green beans. I don't like pork but I couldn't stay off my husbands plate. It was very very very good. We also had the Brussels sprouts- which were lovely! But I would've preferred a little bigger portion for the price. The chicken and waffles is what we went for, but they only have them on Saturday and Sunday.Loved this place. Casual. Outdoor or indoor seating options. Loved the ambiance of the outside. Good drink options. Reasonable prices. Lots of vegetarian options.  Skip the cake that everyone was raving about on yelp; I eat A LOT of cake and didn't get the hype. Walk down to Sucre for dessert and get their famous eclair or the likes.I'm from California and had many people that are from NOLA or visited here recommend this place.  I had it bookmarked as a must go place to eat while visiting.  
I was not disappointed one bit!  The courtyard is quaint and quiet.  I would've loved to have sat there for lunch.  Unfortunately, it was pouring the day we went.  After a brief 15 minute wait we were  seated upstairs with a view of the courtyard.  The menu is small but everything sounds amazing. I decided on the Cochon de Lait sandwich.  It was pretty amazing!! Soft, warm bread with well seasoned beef.  Simple perfection.  
The star of the meal was dessert.  So make sure you leave plenty of room!   The Doberge cake was so good!   Light layers of moist cake with a light and dreamy creme in between.  I recommend getting your own slice.  It's so delicious, you won't want to share!
This place is a gem and an experience going out of the way to have.  Even on the rainiest of days, this place was a ray of sunshine!Great service and good food. Gumbo is a bit salty, but probably because it's the big easy. Pork chop is fantastic, but the Cajun shrimp pasta special wasn't as good (not bad, just not great). Definitely give this place a try and make reservations!My husband had the shrimp and grits and I had the crab cake- both were amazing! Beautiful courtyard and excellent service. Our waiter, wade, was friendly, knowledgable, and so passionate about the food. We've been to the French quarter 3 times now and wish we had been here sooner!Super pleasant patio for evening dining- the torches, plants and music set a relaxed, happy vibe. We made a dinner of small plates and were universally happy- even with the crab cake that came with a suspicious sauce (the king bug needs no sauce, people!). Cocktail menu had us worried with it's emphasis on vodka, but the rye and rhubarb was fantastic, and the peachy lemonade refreshing. Not a quintessential New Orleans meal, but a highly enjoyable one regardless.(Saturday evening dinner) Casual, easy-breezy sort of food.  Made walk-up reservations earlier in the day when we passed by this cafe with its incredibly charming setting.
I had the Amelie Salad (mixed greens, grapes, green apples and Maytag blue cheese) and also ordered the goat cheese with fig jam sandwich on walnut bread. I was extra happy to have a no-meat meal in this land of pork and pleased with the nice portions. No leftovers AND I wasn't stuffed. Love and appreciate that :)
My cocktail was an orangey fizzy delight. (Prosecco? Elderflower? orange peel and bitters--my memory is horrible re: bar items)
Dessert was a "Melting Chocolate Cake". Possibly the best dessert I've ever had. Upon delivery we all thought we were served the wrong item because all that's visible is a scoop of ice cream. Wrong! This extra creamy milk chocolate ice cream was camouflaging the fudgy brownie-cake-pudding below. Crispy-chewy on top where the ice cream chilled it, and warm at the bottom.  We used our self-control and split this 3 ways. Good girls!Stopped in for a few apps and a bottle of wine before dinner.   I'm a sucker for Brussels sprouts, and these didn't disappoint!   Grilled to perfection and mixed with crispy bacon and dates, then drizzled with balsamic.   My partner had the chicken gumbo and was equally impressed.   
Service was a bit on the slow side, our server disappeared for about 20 min while we were waiting for our check, and there was only one other table in the restaurant.We've been here before but not for Sunday Brunch, it was well worth the 45 minute wait. Servers dressed as Greek gods and goddess.  Everyone was extremely friendly. The atmosphere is so amazing. The food did not disappoint.  The shrimp and grits and gumbo are fantastic. We also had the chicken and waffles and frittata both were great.  Wasn't too crazy about the waffle as I was expected it to be sweet but it was more savory.  I really wanted to try the chocolate melting cake but they had sold out of it, so we had the doberge cake.   Our server Joe, was the best.   If I'm in NOLA again, that's the place we will always go to.We enjoyed sitting outside for our meal. I had the suckling pork sandwich which came with a cream sauce and pickles. It was outstanding. My wife had the crawfish pasta special and she loved it. We also really liked the goat cheese and fig appetizer served brioche style. Overall great meal with excellent service!! Definitely will return again next year when we come back.I love cafe amelie for its atmosphere. The menu is nice too. Perfect bistro option in the french quarter. They do seem to have weird hours however. Sitting in the courtyard is my favorite but inside is also nice. It has an overall french feeling, in a quiet, beautiful setting.This romantic cafe is a great discovery.  The shrimp and grits is to die for.  I could have had two servings.  The beet salad and the Brussel  sprouts with bacon and balsamic vinegar is awesome.  Had the doberge  cake delicious.  Would return all the way from the Bay Area!!!We had the shrimp and grits, and I have to say they were the best I've had! The andouille maque choux was delicious and rich in flavor. 
We also had the chicken and andouille gumbo and that was also superb. Creamy, tasty, and also flavorful. 
I'd have both again today, and I might! Already made a reservation for dinner.
Come and definitely do yourself a favor and get the shrimp and grits!!Great ambiance and food! The outdoor seating area is beautiful and the food is amazing. Highly recommend the baked oysters for an app and the ahi tuna for an entree. This place doesn't have all the typical NOLA dishes you get everywhere else in town (as great as they are) - the food here is a little more creative in nature. On my list of favorite dinners ever. Definitely make a reservation before going. We booked ours on the same day through OpenTable but it was for early dinner (5:30). If you want to go later you probably need a reservation a day or two in advance.Holy Gumboooooooooo!
Hands down best Gumbo in NOLA we came home so obsessed with this I've tried googling the recipe in hopes that I can recreate this Cajun taste (news flash: no such luck)
My friends and I ordered everything. No, really... We each ordered something different and shared. The only thing that we did not share (tried too at first) was the gumbo!the service was fantastic, our waiter was friendly and entertained our loud intoxication. Sat outside during a late December night and the ambiance was absolutely perfect! Very romantic for a date night.My mom and I went to Cafe Amelie for brunch this past Sunday, and it was a great experience.  We sat at the bar and really enjoyed the bartenders that were working; they were both friendly and fun to chat with, and they made great drinks.  In addition, the food was absolutely delicious!  We shared the shrimp and grits, crabcake, and chicken & waffles.  I highly recommend coming here for brunch.  I will definitely come back the next time that I am in New Orleans.Great food and service. I had the citrus chicken and it was wonderfully juicy and flavorful.Had a great experience and the food - lamb meatloaf was greatI was really looking forward to coming here forever. My husband and I finally had the chance, and I must say, I was a little disappointed. The options aren't as plentiful as I had hoped and the food was just okay. The prices are high for such a small meal! For 3 people for lunch, the bill was 60$! We had 1 appetizer, 3 entrées and 1 "drink of the day"! Absurd. I will say that they had fresh baked bread, which was so good. Unfortunately, we will probably not come back here. There are plenty of other restaurants to visit in the area that won't gouge you for your money.Cafe Amelie is amazing!!!! We sat in the bar because there was no seating available at the restaurant. The food was amazing. The bartenders were even better! I love gin and they recommended a gin I never tried and it was so good. I highly recommend for the ambiance, the food and the people.Lovely spot and very tasty too! Romantic and mystical with good portions!Romantic place, good for couples. Food delicious. Had the oysters and spinach - heavenly. Pork shoulder and lamb brisket were delicious! Definitely recommended! Would have loved to try dessert!Best place we ate at in New Orleans. Elevated southern cuisine to another level. We tried the carrot and ginger soup, gumbo, shrimp and grits and cochon sandwich. All were excellent and very tasty. I would definitely make time to stop by here at our next trip to New Orleans.5/5 would recommend!!! 
Beautiful restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. The service was great and the food was delicious!!! I ordered the Cafe Pasta Special of the day (Crayfish Pasta). Easily one of the best pasta I've ever had, I definitely recommend to anyone traveling to NOLA to check this place out!!!I just got back from dinner in the courtyard.  Not really to my liking.  A place that aspires to being more than a roadside food stand should not have customers sitting on hard patio furniture.  I asked for real chairs or an inside table.  The staff brought out chairs with some padding- still not great.  Buy chairs with the dense foam padding, guys.
Our waitress was friendly, but her nasal septum piercing hanging down made me think of a booger ready to fall and season my food.  Not appetizing.
There was no beer on draft, but there was an interesting selection of local beers.  I enjoyed my can of stout.
Had the gumbo everyone raves about.  Plenty of chicken and andouille, but too much rice and salt.  I have had worse, but I have definitely had better.  With a bit less liquid it would be jambalaya.  No risk of making slurping noises- not physically possible.
My wife's roast chicken was tasty, as was my pork tenderloin.  How was the presentation?  Couldn't tell you, as darkness had fallen by the time it was served.  There was no candle on our table and not much other light.  Consider bringing a headlamp or night vision goggles if you plan a visit, as well as seat cushions.
There was no way I could have read the bill if not for a penlight I carry.  
It was all very precious, with locally-sourced ingredients and a tiny log of tough artesanal bread , but not really very practical as a dining experience.
I saw quite a few patrons without reservations turned away.  They should have planned better, but they didn't miss much.  It's overrated and overpriced.  You can do much better elsewhere.There was a little bit of waiting necessary when my friend and I got to Café Amelie.  So we were told we could go inside, order drinks at the bar, or have a seat on one of the couches.  For a while there was no one behind the bar until another patron asked someone on the waitstaff if there was an available bartender.  In terms of our actual waitress when we were seated, she was friendly, and the food came quick.  I enjoyed the shrimp and grits.  Though I will state that the grits seemed a little bland, but I suppose that's what the sauce is for.I have to rate this establishment 1 star. Really cute outdoor patio area, the food and reviews were very impressive, but I have never seen or experienced  such awful discrimination from the bar. Not only were they rude but they think it's ok to speak to you in a sarcastic way. If you're  Latino or if you're not young with blonde hair and blue eyes, Aaron will not serve you.The food was not good enough to compensate for the lousy service. Definitely not worth the prices they are charging.So this is a totally mixed review.  On one hand, I want to love the place and easily could.  On the other, the level of pretention was a little to much for me this trip.   
Let's start with the good...
- The food I had was delicious.  I sampled two appetizers.   A crabcake that was simply delightful in every way.  That plate was actually the single best thing I ate in New Orleans.  The toasts with goat cheese spread were also well balanced and satisfying.  The namesake drink was also very good.   
- The server at the bar was polite, friendly, and knowledgeable.  
- The atmosphere was very nice.  Much like a French café with a shaded courtyard and plush interior.   
And then to the not as good...
- I spent $80 on lunch.  This was two appetizers and 4 drinks.
- I wouldn't ordinarily have had four drinks, but I was thirsty and forced to hover at the bar to get a seat.   This took forever, as the bar consists of 6 seats and no standing space.  My alternative was a 1 hour plus wait for a table for one at 2pm.   
- They were out of a LOT of things.  I ended up with the two appetizers because they were out of the first three things I picked.  Super disappointing.   
Overall, the crab cake was good enough to make me return, but I'd have to be in the mood for the sort of stuffy experience.  Also, I'd probably make a reservation to avoid the wait and drink a little less.  Those cocktails add up quick!Great little spot for ladies brunch. Be warned that if you don't make reservations, you may have to wait for an hour.
I think the ambiance is half of the draw. The outdoor seating patio is as fresco and it feel like you're in a French garden because of the fountains, trees and beautiful flowers.  The staff can be stuck up/exhausted because of the crowd so don't expect to be treated very nicely. 
I tried the goat and beet salad and the crawfish pasta.
The salad was fantastic, though it's hard to mess up a simple salad. The beets were roasted to perfection and it was served with a healthy heap of goat cheese, walnuts and aged balsamic. $12
The crawfish salad was very rich- maybe a little too rich for me, but my boyfriend loved it. He was almost licking the plate towards the end. The cream sauce is heavy, cheesy and tomatoey. Pretty bomb dot com without being too fishy.  $29
I liked this place but I feel like I am get better brunch back home in Los Angeles.We walked in with an immediate wait.  TOTALLY worth it!  Our server was Michael.  Another immediate AUTOMATIC!  If you want top of the line, fresh and filling cuisine, PLEASE GET TO CAFE AMELIE!!!  You will be invited to an open garden atmosphere.  An environment conducive with up-scale, fine dining.  The comfort level is top-notch.  Do bring your first date or special, significant other to this fabulous place!  We had the soup of the day (tomato bisque) and several of our invited party ordered a salmon/ahi tuna dish....NONE were disappointed.  This place easily garners a 10-star report.  Enjoy!  And enjoy Michael.  What an amazing place.  The best I've ever experienced as an Elite Yelper!  =)Cafe Amelie was better than I expected & I expected it to be delish. The garden was beautiful and quaint, service was great, mimosas delicious and the good fabulous! Best place to eat from my weekend visit.Our evening was nearly perfect. Our drinks were excellent. Really enjoyed the grilled oyster appetizer. Split a garden salad. A little wilted but tasty. My pork chop and husbands shrimp were excellent. Finished with the mixed berry crumble on a high note. Service was slow to start. Waited a while just for water and sometimes to catch our servers attention. Not sure if it's because we were tucked in a corner and no server was initially assigned. Aside from that hiccup it was a perfect night.The food was the best ever.  Excellent Satsuma prawns, oysters florentine, and the best, yes the best pulled pork sandwich ever.  All was perfect.My sis and I decided to visit this restaurant during our visit to New Orleans. We made a reservation and were seated promptly. Because of the weather, we couldn't sit in the beautiful courtyard but we were comfortably seated in the carriage house. Our server was great and gave us recommendations. We ordered the Orange Blossom cocktail and a Ginger Beer. The cocktail which I thought was alright. We ordered a spicy tomato soup, shrimp and grits and chef special pasta with duck. The soup was alright. The shrimp and grits and the pasta was delicious! We also ordered the Caramel Doberge Cake and the Amelie Bread Pudding. The Doberge cake was okay but we really liked the bread pudding.We had the duck and the gumbo, both were perfection! The cocktails were wonderful as well! Great atmosphere and outside seating. We are planning on going back again tonight!The beet salad is a house speciality.  Additionally, the fireball mozzarella was outstanding.  This is a must stop for lunch here in New Orleans...I'm often asked for New Orleans restaurant recommendations, and I always feel comfortable recommending Café Amelie.   I like it best at dinner when the picturesque courtyard glows with candles, but lunch has a delicious catfish sandwich, that I often crave.  This is a special experience in the French Quarter, and reservations are highly recommended.I was just discriminated against by Aaron the bartender. Do not go there unless you have blond hair and blue eyes. He totally ignored me and was rude when when I told him I guess you didn't see me and he replied I guess not.one of the BEST brunches I've had in New Orleans so far!Yummy!!! 
This place is nestled in an awesome courtyard. I little pricey, but worth it. I really loved the vibe of the place. 
I got the shrimp and grits lunch appetizer. It is a perfect portion - will fill you up without leaving you so full that you feel like dragging yourself up to go take a nap. Juicy, tender, mouthwatering shrimp on top of a bed of buttery grits, all in a pool of "maque choux (fresh corn kernels and andouille in sauce)" Wonderful. Decently spicy and so tasty.The lush and enclosed garden in Cafe Amelie is a relaxing enclave surrounded by the life and soul of the French Quarter. The servers were all friendly and attentive, the food was reasonably priced and of extremely high quality. My meal at Cafe Amelie was definitely one of my food highlights in NOLA.Ordered the shrimp and grits. Also enjoyed a salad. The food was good but the service at the bar is stellar. I came in for brunch so take that into consideration. It was a long wait, so if you can, make reservations first.  We got lucky and walked in and sat at bar.The ambiance is incredible.  We came for the bread pudding which was so beautiful but was a little dry.  The lemon cake was magically delicious.  We just came for dessert and coffee but this place was so cute we stayed a while...Terrific lunch spot, especially when the weather is nice, so you can dine outside. We came here during mardi gras on a Saturday for lunch.  It was a nice relief to return to some calmness after walking the streets in the French Quarters.
We had a pleasant meal dining outside the carriage house. The food was delicious.  The favorite item was definitely the Amelie Oysters.  The garlic bread that we dipped in the creamed spinach with oysters was so good we polished it off to the last drop!  The satsuma glazed shrimp was also good (and sweet).  Everything was good, just the oysters really stood out.
Service was great, attentive but not intrusive.  Would definitely recommend Cafe Amelie to anyone visiting Nola.Great outdoor eating area in the French Quarter for Sunday brunch. We made reservations online at Open Table for 12:45pm but walked by earlier in the morning to see if we could get seated earlier. It was still a 45 minute wait, but they took my name and texted me when it was time to return. This gave us some time to walk and explore the French Quarter further. 
My husband started with a cup of the chicken and andouille gumbo which he loved. It was so good, we almost came back another day just for the gumbo. He also had the chicken and waffle which he said was okay. I ordered the lightly blackened catfish which was delicious. The fish was soft and flaky. For dessert, we shared the berry crumble which was wonderful with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.The first time we came here was in 2013 for an anniversary dinner. My husband had the Amelie pork chop and just about melted in his chair- and he cooks a mean pork chop himself! 
That night we decided that this was officially our favorite restaurant. We have been back several times since-if we have a special reason to celebrate we don't even have to think about where to go because we love coming here so much! Every visit I've chosen a different entree and each one is even better than the last (while my husband tries to chose something else, he gets the pork chop every single time- it's just that amazing).
We have eaten all around the world and the courtyard alone makes this easily one of the most romantic, beautiful restaurants we have ever been to. Add to that service that is incredibly quick and food that is so perfectly prepared that it causes you to take your time to enjoy every bite silently with your eyes closed in amazement- what else could you need??? 
Whenever we have friends visiting NOLA from out of town this is the very first place we recommend to them. We can't wait to enjoy our "special place" for many more years to come. Thanks for the awesome memories Cafe Amelie!Homerun! Setting is amazing. Outdoor seating had a bit of a wait because it was a beautiful day, but even inside quaint and very comfortable. Gumbo was amazing. Definitely would come again. Service was very good as well. First time in the French quarter, no regret here.Had dinner with my family and checked Yelp first, as I usually do. Found Cafe Amelie nearby so away we went!
The actual restaurant is offset from the street with a beautiful courtyard/garden area. There are tables available outside, far enough from the sidewalk so your dining experience is not disturbed.  This would make a very romantic evening dinner.  
We dined on the first floor, which is a small, cozy area. The decor is rustically elegant. I think we would have had enjoyed dinner more, if we were not seated in front of the bar, next to the sofa. Felt like people waiting on the sofa were almost an extension of our table.  One patron was so loud, we could hardly hear our own conversation. 
The menu is short and sweet:  lamb, salmon, tuna, pork, chicken, and pasta. Noticed beef was not available.  I would have loved a charred or blackened ribeye.  I'm just saying...
I had the seared salmon with asparagus and substituted green beans for the fingerling potatoes. The salmon was perfectly cooked:  crunchy sear with tender flakes. The green beans were blah and barely warm.  The asparagus was nicely cooked, with just enough snap.  
For dessert, we shared the chocolate melting cake, which is topped with vanilla ice cream.  Now I know why!  The cake is VERY rich. The ice cream balances the warm chocolaty cake. I'm definitely not sharing next time!The food here is great!! Went here for brunch with some of my girlfriends. I especially liked the cajun country poutine - spicy but packed with flavor, SO good.The shrimp and grits was very good too. I got the BLT which was good, but if I could go back in time I would have chosen one of those other dishes for my main meal. Highly recommend this place! The outdoor seating is really nice too, it's a garden setting.Hands down top 3 best shrimp and grits I have ever had!! Soo creamy they melt in your mouth. Bug gulf shrimp, andouille sausage and corn...you cant get any better than that.NOLA was one of the best vacations I've ever taken, and a memorable part of that experience was Cafe Amelie. I wouldn't have guessed that you could dress up shrimp and grits, but they did it in fine fashion. My dinner was tremendous, cooked to a great temperature and seasoned excellently. This is a conventional French-style sidewalk bistro with a bunch of modestly sized, perfectly-prepared plates, so don't expect large, rib-sticking helpings-Emeril's restaurants are right around the corner if that's what you want. 
We ate on the patio, a most romantic spot indeed. The inside dining room is equally lovely. Touristy? Sure. But that doesn't diminish the fact that the food was delicious and the entire dining experience was delightful. 
GO. Don't overthink it, nor be dismayed at the difficulty in setting a rezzie-it books quickly for a reason.We went for lunch & got a meatloaf and a catfish sandwich. Both amazing & although a bit pricey, very filling. The price is worth the food and outdoor atmosphere. Perfect for a nice outdoor lunch... In the middle of the craziness of the French quarter, but very private and intimate patio.Food was cold. Chicken and waffle barely room temp. Mozzarella balls just lumps of cheese with pepper flakes. Mediocre in a city of extraordinary food. Don't waste your time.We ate here on out last night in NOLA.  Yelp did not let us down for this restaurant pick.  We missed this place on many walks of the French Quarter. The space the restaurant occupies is awesome. I loved the waiting area because it was a very intimate space.  The outside dinning area was very much the same way.  I loved eating in the  courtyard. Sitting outside offers the cozy eating space to have a quiet meal for two.  There is an indoor area to sit as well, but I can not comment on how the atmosphere in there felt , because I never went inside. 
We waited about an hour to get a table with as walk-in.  This is actually not a bad wait time for this area.  The wait staff were all very nice. Our waitress was awesome, she did a very good job selling us on the food that we interested in trying.
We ate the shrimp and grits for an appetizer which was good, but pretty average for what we tried for area.  We shared a lamb meatloaf sandwich which hit the spot.  The lamb was tender and seasoned just right.  I would get this sandwich again.  For dessert we tried the bread pudding based on our waitress recommendation. I enjoyed the bread pudding, it was not what I was expecting from a bread pudding.
I highly recommend coming to this restaurant, and my only recommendation beyond the amazing meatloaf and bread pudding is make sure to make reservations so you do not have to wait.A romantic oasis to escape the hustle and bustle of the quarter.
I've visited many times for brunch and lunch and even just cocktails and a snack.
Make sure you reserve outdoor seating for weekend brunch.
Wait staff are always friendly, attentive and efficient.
Food is always well presented and delicious. And whatever those complimentary cheesy breads are, well they equal delicious!Beautiful location but not impressed with the food.  I had the duck breast that was very over seasoned with pepper to the extent I wouldn't have known it was duck.  Thankfully it was cooked perfectly.   My dining companion had the vegetable pasta and said it was delicious but there was very little pasta and was really just a bowl of vegetables.   The service was lacking but the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was romantic.This place was good, but not fantastic in terms of the food. The atmosphere is amazing- nice open outdoor courtyard. I recommend going a little before sunset so you can enjoy it. But the food is kind of lacking in flavor. We asked for olive oil and they literally told us they didn't have olive oil there :/ so weird! We ordered a ton of food with the baked oysters and cheesecake being the best but I can't say anything else was memorable. It was okay. The service though was fantastic! Loved our waiter! Either way, try it out but don't expect an unforgettable meal out of it.We were drawn to this place because of the beautiful garden patio and cute heritage house the restaurant itself is in. They take only a certain amount of reservations every evening so we had to come around 6 to make sure we could get a table, but you could probably come around 7 and be fine. The food was amazing and the service was great. We started with the shrimp and grits, and had the salmon and tuna mains. We were really impressed by everything we ate. The portions aren't huge so you should be prepared to order an appetizer or dessert as well. Some reviews said it was too pricey but for a nice evening out it was definitely worth it for us!The hosts....
AMAZING!!!
The Service.... (From Owen)
AMAZING!!!! 
The Food... (Shrimp & Grits)
EVEN BETTER THAN ALL OF THE ABOVE!! (Sorry guys)
I'm a California Girl.... In a New Orleans World!!
And I'm having a BLAST!!!!!
Special thanks to Owen!!! He took our table after a female server walk past us and ignored us 9 times but decided to take the table [RIGHT] next to us as soon as they sat down. 
Even still.... 5 STARS!!!Quaint, hidden gem.  It's worth trying if you are local or a visitor (as we were).  It was absolutely perfect just the type of place we were looking to discover.Very good food and a great atmosphere, but with all of the amazing places to eat around New Orleans, it's hard to justify spending this much money. If your looking for a romantic night out and not afraid to drop $100, then check it outI just loved it and I loved it so much that I ate an appetizer of shrimp and grits and then ordered the dinner plate of the same for Lunch.  It was the best I have ever had.  Yum Yum.
I still dream about it.  The Server was super cool as well.Amazing service and great food. We came here for brunch today and the experience was awesome. The restaurant sets in a quaint courtyard and there's also inside seating. Our server Brad was attentive and the best EVER! We've been in NO for 5 days and by far Brad has been the best. The satsuma shrimp is a must try...Chicken & waffle was delicious and the Sunny side chocon had a nice spice to it. We will be back Cafe Amelie!An amazing brunch, the flavors all fantastic. Strawberry lemonade was great an the goat cheese an fig jam appetizer was a unique taste. Grits wonderful . This was a wonderful patio experienceFirst off this restaurant is romantically charming.   I was determined to sit in the garden area to experience the lights, torches, trees, and water fountains.  They have floor fans to keep you cool which doesn't take away from the ambiance in the slightest.   Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable and explained menu items in a way that you could taste her explanations in  your mouth.  The food was delicious and they use fresh local ingredients wick is always a plus.   I had the redfish with crawfish special and I loved it!  Thank you for the wonderful experienceIf you want a memorable lunch on a gorgeous  quiet, elegant courtyard with phenomenal shrimp & grits & 4 Seasons service... This place is for you!A very quaint little cafe in the French quarter. We had a nice lunch here and I had some delish shrimp and grits as well as crab cakes. We sat outside and enjoyed the fresh air and garden. The atmosphere was wonderful, the food was enjoyable and we would happily return here again if it wasn't for the many restaurants to try here in New Orleans. Rest assurred that you won't be disappointed in your meal here. 
Visited October 2012My husband and I had dinner here last Thursday. I think hands down, it was the best dining experience of our entire trip to NOLA.
I highly recommend making reservations. When we arrived, a couple was checking in with the host staff, who informed them that without reservations, the wait was 45 minutes. We had reservations and were seated right away.
We were fortunate to have Wade as our server. He was very friendly, explained to us (unsolicited) how they sourced their food (he must have smelled the San Francisco on us) - foods are locally sourced and, for the most part, organic, and wild when feasible, by the way -  and he was able to describe how everything tasted. His recommendations for the evening (the beet salad, the trout special, the duck, and the mixed berry cobbler pie) were spot on. I also appreciated his willingness to answer my obnoxious questions about the food preparation. 
This was easily the best dining experience we had in NOLA. The food is amazing, and for the quality, the price is spot on. However, the treatment we received was like that at a five-star restaurant.  Thank you, Wade, and Cafe Amelie, for a fabulous dining experience!Gorgeous spot in the French Quarter. 
Came here to kick off a bachelorette weekend. Although it was a chilly evening (57F), we could not pass up sitting in the gorgeous courtyard. Lucky for us they have heat lamps. 
The host and wait staff were attentive and friendly. I would probably make reservations to make sure you get seated on busier weekends. 
Started with the drinks obviously. Def get the deep eddy mule if you like Moscow Mules. Tried my friend's orange blossom and that was tasty as well. The Amelie was good as well. We were all very happy with our drinks. Also had the figs and goat cheese with our cocktails. Brings three slice of bread with goat cheese spread on it and a very generous portion of fig jam. Would recommend! 
Now for the starters/entrees. I did have to knock a star for my chicken and andouille gumbo. It was waaaaaaaay too salty as a previous reviewer stated. I did try my friends' entrees and those were VERY good. My advice is don't fall in the "I must try New Orleans foods trap and order something else. My friend's roasted chicken breast entree was delicious and very juicy. The other friend ordered the seared ahi tuna and although I don't love tuna it was good! Well portioned as well. 
I know you'll be full after your drinks, apps, and entree, but leave some space for the Doberge cake. That day they had a key like pie Doberge cake and it was to die for. I have never tried this layered pudding cake and I can say I am a fan after trying it! Good balance of citrus and sugar and if it wasn't so rich I would've finished it myself. I was very happy to have my friends help me finish this slice! 
Please add Cafe Amelie on your itinerary if visiting NOLA! This restaurant is the perfect setting for a great dinner with friends or family or even a romantic date night!Quite a nice place to eat. 
Atmosphere has a nice ambiance to it, with a number of outdoor tables and a garden-like area with a fountain to enjoy. Twas cold when we went so we ate inside but it looks like a nice place to take a date or just kick back. Love that you can dress casually in what feels like a more upscale establishment. 
Food was quite good for the most part....a couple hiccups here and there. 
Shrimp and Grits - Delicious. Very large prawns, fresh and crispy and full of flavor. The corn roux and grits mixed perfectly together for a fine appetizer. 
Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Missed the mark with us. Overly salty and VERY spicy, it overpowered the crab taste and left us wanting.  Lots of crab, but wish I could taste it. 
Pork Chop - Very good. Pork chop was like a pork loin cut...very lean but tasty and moist, it came out just right. The corn roux was similar to the one used in the Shrimp and Grits but tasted a bit different. Overall very good. 
Salmon - Sadly missed its mark. Asked for Medium, got Medium Well. Had a funny fishy taste to it that shouldn't be present in salmon. Had to ask for a lemon slice to counter this. This dish left us wishing we had ordered something else instead. 
Our waiter Abby was quite cute but sadly never smiled all evening and gave me a strange stare whenever I looked her in the eye. Not really a detriment but was one of the more memorable aspects of our visit there. 
Overall I'd say this place is right around 3.5 to 4 stars. The food that was good was really good but sadly was mixed with some misses that put a bit of a damper on the evening. I'd come back for sure though and give them another chance...definitely worth a visit if you're in town.Perfect everything. Shared shrimp and grits with my better half, we almost licked the plate. My muffuletta was super-delish, and his eggs benedict had some kind of shredded pork on top that was out of this world. Excellent cocktails too. He had a ginger beer drink that was extra refreshing and not overly sweet, I tried a whiskey and rhubarb concoction, loved it. The coffee is so rich and flavorful it's worth a special mention.  Gorgeous courtyard, relaxing sound of the fountain...just go!
One caveat...I would describe the price range as $$$, definitely not $$. We each had coffee, one cocktail apiece, an entree each, and shared the shrimp and grits. Our bill was about $72 with tax.Over-rated, over-priced, and mediocre food with small portion.  
Went there for brunch on Sunday. Waited 1 hour before getting seated. The decor was nice, seats were comfortable and not too packed. We ordered three dishes and here is our evaluation: 
1. muffaletta: This was very disappointing, there was plenty of ham and cheese; however, it was missing an important ingredient - olives! There was little taste of the olives. I had a packaged muffaletta catered at an event at a hotel the day before, it was ten times better. Amelie's muffaletta is nothing more than a regular ham sandwich from a grocery store. 
2. beet salad: The beet was good - there were five big chucks. However, it was the worst beet salad we had ever heard. The beet were tossed with spring mix, walnuts and balsamic vinegar. The walnuts were stale and non-edible. The vinegar was overpowering and it killed the freshness of the beet - bad mix. 
3. chicken and andouille gumbo: To be honest, this was the only tasty dish. However, it should have been renamed as "chicken gumbo" as we found only TWO little pieces of sausages in the gumbo. Seriously, two pieces. I was sharing it with my spouse and each of us had one small (very small) piece. The portion was very small - a cup size, absolutely not worth $8. 
Overall, I was not impressed. Please save your time waiting for a table and try something else! Avoid this place if possible.First let me say the atmosphere here is just perfect, very romantic. The bf and I got their Kentucky Mules which were awesome!  I ordered the Vegetable Pasta which was very good. Bf ordered the pasta special for the night which was a mix of penne, mushrooms, and sausage, in a red tomato sauce.  He really enjoyed it.  We could have probably say there all night because it was just perfect. If you plan on visiting them you might want to call to get a reservation or go earlier like we did and hope for the best. We ended up only waiting about 30mins or so.Make a reservation before day-of or come a little early to get in line to put your name in. We expected an hour wait, but since we were near the front of the line they called us after just 15 minutes to tell us our table was ready. 
My two key suggestions: sit outside and get the shrimp and grits. The patio is so lovely; I could have spent the entire afternoon out there. The shrimp and grits far exceeded my expectations, and I had been looking forward to shrimp and grits since I booked my trip. The portion was probably bigger than I needed for the rich dish, but I left satisfied not uncomfortably full (a nice change in NOLA). They were fantastic; highly recommend. 
The waiter was very warm and attentive and quick! Exceptional service.Food: 5 SOLID stars for the food. We ordered the shrimp & grits and gumbo. Best shrimp and grits ever. It was so nice and creamy, perfectly seasoned! We were sad to take the first bite of the best dish, and was afraid the gumbo might not meet the grit's awesomeness. Wrong, gumbo was amazing too! It was day 3 of our New Orleans trip and we ordered gumbo at several other places already. Nothing beats this gumbo. It is the consistency of the plate that wowed us. Again, perfectly season, and not too chunky, but not too watery either! 
Service: Host and the busboy was great, super friendly and helpful. The waitress however was lacking. She was not as friendly, and took a while to find when we needed her. She added additional items on our check that we did not order, and took a while to remove. 
Atmosphere: Love their patio, it was like a scene in a Jane Austen movie, so romantic. However, the leaves from the tree kept falling into our food, it was a bit frustrating.My friends and I stumbled upon this place and could not have had a better random find.  This was the best lunch we had while in New Orleans. As Amy T. pointed out, the shrimps and grits! Oh my! The crab cake, hands down the best I have ever had. Salads, fresh and just the right amount of everything. Cocktails were good as well. The list of compliments go on.  Service was excellent. Everyone who worked there was very friendly and genuine. Highly recommend.Yum!! This is a quaint little indoor/outdoor cafe. There was a waitlist, because we had a party of six, but it was quite short. They have a fun variety of cocktails. We got appetizers and entrees. They were all incredible. It took some time for the food to come out, but it was worth the wait!  The service was also very pleasant.We put our names on the waitlist since the restaurant was booked, and after 90 minutes we got a table.  We didn't have a great service experience initially but once management became aware, they took action like we've never experienced to correct the situation.  They invited us back for brunch the next day and I have to be honest, we experienced some of the best food and signature mixed drinks ever.  I cannot recommend this restaurant enough.  They truly care about their customers and their reputation.  I will soooo recommend this place to everyone I know who wants a fantastic NOLA culinary experience.  The courtyard is amazing and I suggest Sunday Brunch with The Amelie cocktail, potato rosemary soup, and sunnyside up cochon plate.  YUM!!!We went here during our anniversary trip last year and it was excellent. Amazing service, beautiful outdoor seating and the food was phenomenal. We will be back in NOLA in September to celebrate again and this will be one of our first stops.Rejected service at 8pm when you close at 9!! Was looking forward to a romantic dinner.Solid start for the first meal of my short stay here in the French Quarters!
A bit pricey-- but the atmosphere and decor was on point! On a SUPER busy (graduation) weekend we were lucky to get a reservation at all. I was originally able to only get a reservation for two separate parties of 4 on Saturday but when we showed up on the day of the staff was super nice and was able to seat all 8 of us together outside in the courtyard.  
My friends and I ended up mostly sharing our food family style and the sampling we had was mostly delicious! 
The memorable dishes:
- Shrimp and Grits (hands down, best dish of the sampling)
- Catfish Sandwich
- Muffaletta
- Gumbo
The only ok dishes:
- Chicken and Waffles
- Crab Cake
Overall it was pretty pricey and the food was good-- well worth trying but nothing that blew my mind. (Maybe because I didn't eat too many bites of any one dish) Lastly, our waitress was really nice and gave great suggestions but you could tell she was a bit swamped because it was a bit difficult to flag her down for anything sometimes.Awesome food, location, and service. Ate there with my brother who lived in Hawaii and is consequently now an Ahi snob... he was blow away by theirs. Another great find thanks to Yelp!Everything about this place screams 5 star. The ambiance is spectacular and it would be a great place for a romantic dinner. We had a big group and  had a nice table inside, although I think I would opt for the outside setting.
We enjoyed a few bottles of wine and the appetizers were all outstanding. The poutine was a favorite, and the buratta and the oyster dip were fantastic also. This dinner was destined to be the best of the trip...
Then dinner hit a standstill. For over an hour we waited for our entrees. Service was snail slow. By the time the food came, the rich appetizers took away my appetite. I ordered the salmon, and who knows how long it sat, and sat, and over cooked itself. What a shame because it was once a great filet, only to turn tough. 
Our server didn't seem to care and she didn't ask once how our meal was. Unfortunately a bad entree, slow service, and a server that ignored us costs this establishment a couple stars.The food was fantastic. My boyfriend and I shared the gumbo and shrimp and grits and it was enough for the two of us for a nice lunch. My mom had the lamb meatloaf sandwich (which I tried and LOVED). She also had the fig and goat cheese bread. Everything was fantastic and served quickly. We were pretty non plussed with our server which is the only reason they aren't 5 stars. The ambiance was beautiful with outdoor seating in the courtyard. We will definitely be back.Great little place. The venue has a beautiful patio and the staff is friendly. We ate here lunch one day and dinner the next and had a great experience. We  had the brussel sprouts appetizer for dinner and it was a real standout little dish. I had the lamb chops and they were great. My fiancé had the salmon! She loved it. I would like a dryer cocktail on the menu but that's just my personal taste. This place still deserves 5 stars.Cafe Amelie, though can be super touristy and painful to get a table sometimes, still is some of my definitions of perfect Sunday morning in NOLA. 
 If the weather is nice and you just woke up... hop in a shower and walk inside the quarter... then you land in Amelie. I used to love doing that. Just take a book or news paper, with your girl, and sip some good cup of coffee and east your brunch. Very relaxed and well-derved weekend after hard work during the week. 
 Never really went there for dinner or drinks, as we tended to hit places in Frenchmen or Garden District for that, but I'm sure it's hard to beat.Against the general opinion of this restaurant I am writing a negative one 
The stars are for the environment.  
The food was mediocre at best. To be specific: I ordered oysters with spinach gratin.  Gooey cheese and impossible to find oysters. Left most over.  Next was seared salmon that came medium done versus sushi grade of a truly seared fish. Sides  included greasy over cooked potatoes and asparagus dripping with butter.  Lastly; a layer cake with disgustingly sweet fondant frosting. Unable to eat it. 
The bread was good yet over baked near the burned state.  
I shall not return.I must say, I had heard rave reviews about this place and I think it made my expectations hard to meet. The Shrimp and Grits were good but under seasoned and the corn in the sauce was very odd. It wasn't nasty or anything, just odd. The lack of seasoning made the sauce just blah. 
On the other hand my husband's chicken and waffles were amazing! The chicken was juicy and flavorful and the waffle was so moist! He was extremely happy! We had water with our meals and the bill was $34. Not bad, but a little pricey for lunch with no appetizers or drinks! 
The courtyard was beautiful and the seating was intimate. I would go again but wouldn't be upset if I didn't have a chance to.Still dreaming about that Pork Chop.  Salmon was moist and flavorful.   Relaxed environment.   Our server had clear knowledge about which items were Gluten-free, but no separate GF menu and no GF dessert items that I can recall.  She was friendly and attentive, but forgot to clear the dirty dishes from the staters when the main plates arrived.   Minor blemish on a delightful dinner.Perfect date spot. They have a large beautiful courtyard to enjoy when the weather is nice. The restaurant is located in the French quarter but slightly away from the rowdy areas so it's close if you are a tourist and a quiet if you are a local. The food was delicious. We ordered the lamb and the pork. Both were perfectly seasoned but the pork had an extra sauce which took away from natural flavor. It was  a busy night so the service was not on point but they were definitely rushing and very friendly.Amazing atmosphere, and the food was delicious! Was the perfect setting  to experience great New Orleans food, and the service was fast and friendly! The location was conveniently near our hotel in the French Quarter, but Cafe Amelie definitely did not feel tourist-y. Hands down the best meal we had while on our vacation!The gumbo is amazing and the pepper glazed shrimp were like sex in my mouth. I will definitely be back to try dinner next timeLovely atmosphere in the evening but I recommend you book ahead. I was told 45-60 min wait. However they're disorganised at the seating desk and, in spite of returning twice after giving my name, it was 1.5 hrs before I had an inside table.  The crawfish pasta was delicious and waiter, Greg, very efficient and friendly and food arrived quickly.The gumbo here is a must. We had the chicken with mash which was absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is romantic and the staff super friendly.After reading so many reviews about how good one of my favorite dishes, the shrimp and grits are here, I knew I had to come check it out. Cafe Amelie did not disappoint at all! My cousin and I came here for dinner last Friday for a 5:30 reservation. We sat in the courtyard, which is BEAUTIFUL! There's a lovely fountain and plenty of tables with shade trees and fans to keep you cool.
Our waiter Elijah was quite the character but was very friendly and efficient. I ordered the dinner portion of the shrimp and grits, which is twice the price of the appetizer portion that is listed in the menu. My cousin ordered the appetizer portion. Initially, I thought that there wasn't much difference in our portion sizes, but she assured me that I had more shrimp than hers had. Still, the $26 pricetag for the dinner portion seemed a bit pricey to me. Nevertheless, we both enjoyed the meal very much. We had complimentary bread and I also ordered the Rhubarb and Rhye cocktail, which was very good.
I was tempted to order the Doberge cake after seeing so many pics of it on Yelp, but after hearing Elijah's recommendation for the chocolate melting cake, we decided to go with that instead. Sadly, my cousin and I weren't impressed with its flavor at all. It was not sweet at all in our opinion. When Elijah returned to check on us we told him that we weren't really feeling it. He then offered to bring us the Doberge cake instead. We agreed, and shortly after we had it. It was very good, light, and lemony. The lemon icing is very sweet, and although I'm not a lemon dessert fan, I liked this cake.
For a goo meal, in a relaxing and trendy locale in the French Quarter, with good and fast service, AND a beautiful courtyard, put Cafe Amelie in your short list. On my next visit to NOLA, I look forward to coming back here for brunch.The food was good but doesn't make up for the disorganized service and poor treatment of  customers at this restaurant.  A long story short, due to sudden downpour of rain, my husband and I requested to change to indoor seating after we ordered our food with the waiter when seated outside. The hostess advised us to wait inside at the bar area.  Meanwhile we see that a table was available.  Minutes later, another party of 2 that were previous seated outside requested to be seated indoors as well due to rain and they were seated right away at the empty table. I question the behavior of a well established restaurant. Thank you hostess, for making us feel like we don't belong and ruining what otherwise would have been a great experience as the food was good and the waiter service was well executed.First time in New Orleans in over 30 years. So excited to try everything!  We ordered a variety of dishes to share amongst the four of us. Shrimp and grits, gumbo, all good but didn't expect it to be spicy. Poutin ok but wouldn't order it again. Catfish Sammie - too fishy for my taste. Pork chop yummy. All in all great first day in NOLA but oh so hot! No indoor seating so we sat outside. Staff was great in bringing a huge fan to keep us somewhat cool. Mahalo!Cafe Amelie is a wonderful setting.  Tucked away behind a brick wall it is very easy to walk by and never notice.  Once you pass beyond the wall you will find the cutest court yard area with around 20 small tables.  There are also a handful of tables inside.  We sat outside and wasted the afternoon away sting appetizers and enjoying the ambiance.  We would definitely return here.  Good food and relaxing atmosphere. 
More details:
Plaquemines satsuma pepper glazed jumbo shrimp - I am not sure if I would call the shrimp we got jumbo but they were, none the less, very delicious.
Chicken Gumbo - best I have had in awhile.  Nice and spicy this dish is a pleaser.  This was a non-smoky gumbo.
Jumbo lump blue crab cakes - again a very excellent dish.  These cakes had a good amount of crab in them and you could tell it was fresh. Nice spicy sauce.
View: amazing courtyard area
Ambiance: 4 stars
Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Noise: Low
Drinks: na
Wine: na
Parking: street only
Tips and tricks: NoneWas looking for a place to go for brunch before heading to airport on last day in NOLA. What an amazing restaurant. 
No reservations so it was gonna be 15-20 min wait for our party of 4. We opted to sit at bar for full menu service, turned out to be phenomenal experience. Service and food were truly spot on. We had signature shrimp and grits, gumbo, chicken and waffles, and breakfast sandwich. Couldn't have been better.went for brunch, Shrimp in grits were fantastic!  best $12 dish you could ever have. 
he had the omelette sandwich, it was okay.
quaint little restaurant with limited seating when it's cold, we went in january so the courtyard wasn't open.Romantic garden atmosphere. A bit too hot and sticky though even at night, was hoping for more fans outside then just the one that wasn't by our table. The salads were delicious and the service fantastic as alwaysWent today for brunch. Great service. The frittata was pretty good but the breakfast sandwich was a little underwhelming. The grits were very good tho. Pretty good drink selection. Would recommend, good ambience and outdoor seating. Just a little overhyped.4 s 4 stars for lunch. The lamb sandwich was excellent. Really flavorful and tender and served with a creamy sauce on a soft bun. My husband's grilled fish sandwich was ok from the bite I had but the lamb was the standout. The salad that came with the lamb was refreshing as well. The pulled pork appetizer wasn't bad but was nothing special.
They refused to split our check which is a peeve of mine and takes very little effort on their part especially since the restaurant was almost empty when we were there. I wanted to expense my half of the meal as part of a business trip and couldnt. Aside from that, very knowledgeable and attentive servers and a pleasant atmosphere with a courtyard out front. Would probably come back.Beautiful restaurant and romantic setting! I loved the tuna and my husband enjoyed his salmon although he was a little disappointed with the portion size. We really enjoyed our experience and would highly recommend eating here!Solo female traveller who wanted a nice dinner.
The server was super nice and knowledgeable about all the items on the menu.
Some of the best cocktails I had while in NOLA -- the lavendula daiquiri was particularly tasty.
Don't skip the cajun poutine! The shrimp and andoille penne was massively disappointing -- two pieces of sausage... should've stuck with appetizers I guess. The shrimp was nice and tender in their defense. I guess if you put cilantro on top of a dish it makes it fancy? Ambience was nice and romantic, great for two or even a group of friends.Very disappointed! Checked Yelp to see if they were open, walked all the way from the  ferry to eat here . AND SURPRISE they were closed! Yelp should have updated this!!!! Shame on you!!!!Wow, just wow, this place is a hidden gem and a little get away from all the choas in New Orleans!
Area- The area was down a regular New Orleans street, but it's a little hard to find, it's hidden towards the back.
Atmosphere- Very calming, the ceiling was painted like you were under a old bridges if you sit outside there are tiki torches lit, but it was way to hot outside for that.
Service- The service was spot on! He was very attentive to our every need, our food came out quick, and they were all very friendly to everyone,
Food- The food was not great... It was AMAZING! I had the chicken and sausage gumbo which I highly recommend, and the lamb meatloaf on a brioche bun, with tzakiki sauce and cucumber salad! YUM!We had a lovely lunch at Amelie. The cocktails were inventive and well constructed. The house salad is the perfect combination of roughage and goodies. And they let you add protein like chicken or shrimp if you like. My companion had the pulled pork sandwich, which was perfectly prepared. Altogether a memorable experience worth repeating.Outdoor cafe dining done right. Charming courtyard setting. The best shrimp and grits I've had. The lump crab cake has a BBQ glaze with a little bite - just the right amount. The place is a definite 5 star. I'm not the first and won't be the last to say so.The hostess was a bit rude, but the food and the rest of the staff was amazing. Make sure to make a reservation, and don't be late!During a recent trip, we had only one night that wasn't booked up with other plans. Looking for a nice place to kick off our trip, our host recommended we check this place out. We stopped by early in the day to see if anything was open for dinner, but all the reservations for that night were booked. However, the hostess suggested that we come back in the first hour they were open (5-6pm) to get a table. We did just that and were seated no problem.
The courtyard and setting are beautiful, the drinks delicious, and the service attentive. The food was certainly good. We ended up doing a tapas style dinner with only appetizers and salads. The crab cakes were unequivocally my favorite. After we'd tried almost all the appetizers on the menu, we didn't have room for dessert.
I left thinking that I'd had a very good meal, and recommended it to others who I talked to, but I was still less impressed than I'd expected given the reviews here and my host's impressions. Maybe I would have been wowed if I'd tried an entree and/or dessert. I'll be sure to do that next time!Service was exceptional with Lauren.  Food was delicious and came out fast.  We will be back!Great garden and perfect for out door dining. We had cat fish sandwich, Belgian waffle, nine layer cake and gumbo. The waffle was pretty good, fluffy and slightly chewy without being too sweet. The sandwich was fresh and taste really good. The gumbo is flavorful, although slightly too salty and spicy. 
I recommend skipping the nine layer cake for $10. The icing is really dry and it seems the cake has been sitting there for a long time. It is too sweet. Plus, the same cake at Amelie Petie (I am not sure whether it is the same brand) is sold for $5. I suppose it is the price difference between the a cafe and a restaurant.Absolutely fantastic!!  Chicken & Sausage Gumbo and Shrimp & Grits with a Bloody Mary.I'm sorry we did not get a chance to eat here.  The website, Facebook page, and sign out front of their door all said they were open till 10 pm.  After driving 8 hours we were looking for a quiet restaurant with good food within walking distance of our condo.  It is a shame that the management felt it was ok to not update their media as well as putting their staff (hostess) in an untenable situation having to turn people away because the kitchen was now closed.  I won't return to an establishment who thinks so low of their employees and customers.  I took my business to Sylvain's who gladly welcomed us 10 minutes before closing, and although the menu was now limited, seated us and produced some of the best food I have had in New Orleans.I'm shocked this place has a 4.5 average. Service is very friendly. The food is overpriced and subpar. We paid $18 for a small dish of over cooked jambalaya. Avoid Thai tourist trap.Great relaxing spot. Very friendly and capable staff. Abby was fantastic. The Gumbo and the Shrimp & Grits were killer.AHHHMAZIINGGG Amelie, how sweet the food. 
Can I live here? Honestly I did not want to leave this cute little restaurant with big personality and flavaaa.
Cafe Amelie was on my list of places to try my first time in NOLA but we never got around to it. This second time I am SO glad we came!! It was raining a bit the day we came for brunch but we got inside just in time to miss the downpour. We sat at a window seat looking out at the quaint courtyard/garden and ordered two bloody marys to start. Man, do I love myself a good bloody mary! This one had a pickled okra and green bean. It was the right balance of tomato, vodka and spiciness. Honestly one of the best bloody marys I've EVER had.
My friend and I decided to share the beet salad, shrimp and grits and a banana waffles. The beet salad had huge chunks of beets and goat cheese. Then the insanely good shrimp and grits arrived and we devoured it. The grits were creamy but not heavy and the shrimp was seasoned to perfection. So good...that we actually ordered another one. I don't know if you're counting but that is 4 dishes for 2 Asian girls. The waiter didn't even flinch when we ordered!
We killed BOTH shrimp and grits and really did not have that much room for the banana waffles. I'm sure they were good as well but everything compared to the shrimp and grits was just lacking! Sorry banana waffles, maybe next time.Great atmosphere, courtyard, NOLA ambience. Food was good to very good. Service was borderline. Inattentive and unexpected after hearing and reading reviews. I will be back for a second trip to see if this was just an off night....This is one of the worst experiences I have had in New Orleans. I am a retired travel agent so I'm hoping that this page will reach the people that follow me.
Myself and my traveling companion had a reservation for this restaurant for 7:30 on a festival weekend. We are always on time to our reservations but, because of the construction and the roads being shut down in the French quarter, we arrived 10 minutes late. Our cabdriver knew that we were going to be late, but made no effort to try to get us there on time. I called in advance, twice, to let them know that we were going to be late. They would not hold our reservation, offered us a free drink, but never even put our name down. I've heard this is a great restaurant, but we will never be back, and we will tell all of her friends about our experiences, shame on them.Food was awesome!! Sat down at the bar to start our night, bartenders super nice, attentive, talkative. Very nice, inexpensive place in the French Quarter; perfect for date night. My boyfriend and I were for MNF from Houston and wanted something different and this was perfect!!This restaurant serves delicious food!  The waitstaff are friendly and helpful. The food is consistently top notch. Be sure to enjoy a meal when you're in New Orleans.Let me start by saying Michael our serve was excellent. He was friendly and helpful in making suggestions. Once you get seated the bring out some jalapeño rolls which are good. The chicken and andouille was nice and spicy. I had the seared rare Ahi Tuna which was served with rice and vegetables. The tuna was good though I wish it was a little bit more spicy. The prices for an entree runs from $24.00 and up. I feel the price was a little high but the again it is New Orleans on Bourbon Street. I do recommend that you try this place.Excellent food served in a lovely courtyard. A must-do in NOLA.Whilst on a recent 8000 mile road trip around the country I stopped for a couple of nights in New Orleans.  I was travelling with my dog which meant I was on the look out for dog friendly restaurants.  One of the pedicab drivers in the French Quarter told me that the city was incredibly dog friendly and I wouldn't have a problem finding somewhere good and made a recommendation for somewhere to eat that I did not follow up on.  No, his suggestion was to a nearby tourist trap and I knew I could do better.
I turned to Yelp and searched for Dog friendly restaurants and this place came up a few times, it was also the highest rated establishment within that search and bonus it was less than a block away from where I stood.
Walking into the courtyard the host ignored me and started fussing over my 3 year old Bulldog.  I knew she was in the right place.  They sat me in the beautiful open courtyard, bought Daisy some water and took my order.
As a newbie in Nola I figured I had to not stray from the classics so ordered up the gumbo and the milk braised pulled pork sandwich.  The gumbo arrived with a bowl of rice and the waitress poured it over which I thought a nice, authentic touch that often gets omitted.  The gumbo was delicately flavoured, perfectly seasoned and contained some lovely big chunks of sausage appearing within the unctuous dish.  
I was pretty full after this dish and it was clear that the giant pulled pork sandwich was going to defeat me.  I sliced it in half and marvelled at the perfectly braised pork, it was moist and tasty with the milk braise mixing with the juices and spices to create a delicious sauce.  The juxtaposition of this with the house made pickle slices and the mustard dressing gave the dish a balance and depth of flavour that is essential for a sandwich to be truly great.
The service was excellent, friendly without being overbearing and almost every member of the staff fussed over my dog, which made her happy.Cafe Amelie is fantastic in many ways. The service is wonderful. Or waiters/waitresses have always been kind and attentive.  The food is absolutely exquisite.  I highly recommend their gumbo!  You order it as an appetizer but it's so filling you hardly need anything else.  The food is divine and the flavors and combinations are unique to the area. Definitely classy Louisiana cuisine.  The atmosphere is also to die for.  The beautiful fountains and string lights just make this place a romantic bayou fairytale.  This better be #1 on your itinerary if you're visiting New Orleans.  
Be warned--they almost always have a wait.  Call in and make your reservation the day before or take a chance and visit the desk. They try to seat you as quickly as they can.This is just a review of the bar service.  We stopped by to enjoy a couple of farewell cocktails, and they were delicious.  Although the restaurant was closing soon for an afternoon function, the wait staff let us dilly-dally in the gorgeous courtyard as we enjoyed our drinks.This was, hands down, the best food of our Louisiana trip. Unfortunately, it was also the worst service as well. Over 20 minutes before our server even stopped by (luckily, the bus boy had dropped off water so we weren't completely dying while sitting outside). The outdoor seating area was absolutely adorable but in the evening I'd recommend a good spritz of DEET (I got eaten alive), especially if it's going to take so long to be served or if you like to linger & chat over/after your meal. We got the daquiri (solidly good) & the scalawag to drink (loved it) but they took a while to come out. Also, the chicken breast w/mashed potatoes & asparagus (perfectly cooked, moist & delicious. Superbly complimented by a tangy lemon sauce. Only 3 stalks of asparagus but that's not a biggie), the Amelie green salad (very good), the shrimp & grits (best grits I've EVER HAD. I had considered getting the pork chop but opted not to since it came with the same grits and corn & andouille maque choux as the shrimp & grits...I am full of regrets even though I loved the chicken. Also, was weird that the appetizer can out at the same time as the entrees), & the Doberge cake (chocolate & banana flavor that evening. Really good). Our waitress did say she thought we had to wait on her a bit so she comped us the cake without us even voicing any complaint so that bumped this from 3 stars to 4. Overall, solid & deserving of all praise when it comes to the food. Hope your service experience is better than ours.The food was fabulous.  The service was exceptional.  Had the gumbo and the Shrimp and Grits.  Was delicious.  Got to go to this place.  Being from Hawaii, I never had grits before but it was good.  One of our party said it tasted like thick corn chowder without the meat.  I guess you could say that.  It was still good to me.  Food was well balanced with flavors. The shrimp was seasoned well.  I will definitely let people I know about this place.We had brunch on Sunday, Dec 21. Really good grits and great service are hallmarks. Fig preserves with goat cheese appetizer was a highlight. Seating is available in a beautiful courtyard as well as inside.There is a petite store next door with the same menu sandwiches that are $3-$5 cheaper. Go there instead. Appetizers really small. We had shrimp appetizer, Lamb sandwich, and muffuletta. Better food elsewhere. I'd stick to a cocktail and enjoy courtyard. The version of the pimms cup was to die for. It was the cocktail on special.Wow!  Can you say food porn!!! This place is amazing everything we ordered was delicious and devoured.  We will definitely be back when in Nee Orleans again!  All I can say is nom nom nomWent for an early dinner with my wife, brother in law, and sister in law. We were able to grab a table in the courtyard and ordered some wonderful cocktails. I would happily drink their  bramblemousse at every meal given the opportunity. Between us we had satsuma shrimp, shrimp and grits, roasted beet salad, crab cakes, fish of the day (trout fillet), pork chop and salmon. Everything was cooked well and either met or exceeded our expectations.
If your looking for a relaxing meal in the crazy touristy French Quarter, do yourself a favor and chill out here.Enjoyed brunch here on February 8th outside with great service. The frittata was delicious and husband liked his omelette too. Cocktails were well crafted. Would definitely go back and glad we'd made our reservation weeks prior for this busy time.Beautiful little courtyard or indoor dining. The food and service were perfect. We loved the Seared Tuna and had the salad with the pecans. The Berry cobbler for dessert made for a meal of absolute perfection.I had shrimp and grits - best I've ever had!  I ordered a crostini and cheese appetizer to share, which was okay.  My son and grandson had chicken gumbo.  The two year old said, "It's good!" as he ate every bite.  These were small plates, so there wasn't an abundance of food, but there was enough.  I ordered an Arnold Palmer (iced tea and lemonade), which was probably not the smartest drink choice since they don't serve sweet tea and I missed the sweetness.  My daughter in law had a gourmet BLT and she said it was great.  I'm giving five stars for the quality and ambiance and good service - and because my grandson loved his gumbo so much.One of my favorite restaurants from my trip to NOLA! It's a quiet and relaxing space with indoor and outdoor seating. I went there for brunch and the food tasted great and was reasonably priced. Our waiter was kind and attentive. The outdoor design and decoration was one of my favorite parts of this place.Came in here and had reservations for dinner on 1/8/15 with my BFF. It would have been nice to eat outside on the patio but being that it was 40 degree weather and the water fountain had chunks of ice hanging from it, my BFF and I decided to eat inside. 
It had a nice ambience. The restroom was nice and clean and super warm! Our waiter was super friendly and talkative. 
We both ordered the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo for starters. Mine didn't seem hot enough, maybe because I was freezing cold but it sure was good and hearty. I ordered the Organic Pork Chop with this corn macque choux over grits. It was delicious! I'm not really a corn person but it went well together. My BFF had the Pasta of the day which was amazing! It had Italian stuffed sausage in it and it tasted so good that I probably should have ordered that instead. We shared dessert and went for the bread pudding. Whenever  I am in New Orleans I like to try all the different kinds of bread pudding that every restaurant tries to offer and this one was good but not as good as Commander's Palace because that one is by far the best bread pudding ever! But Cafe Amelie's bread pudding was good! I give the bread pudding a 4 stars. 
I will definitely come back again to try their brunch menu next time.The food here is delicious. It is a go to if you're in the New Orleans French quarter area. The oven roasted salmon is soooo good as well as the cafe pasta special. Delicioso!!!Wow. What a fantastic brunch spot! 
Still a bit of a hidden gem for tourists but come check it out if you have the time. The courtyard is beautiful on a sunny day for eating outdoors. For us, it started to rain (June is NOLA's wettest month) so we sat upstairs by the window. 
I got the scrambled organic eggs with grits and apple smoked bacon. Grits were amazing and my eggs were perfectly cooked. Also shared a salad on the side (the one with grapes and apples..I forget the name) and my bf had the catfish sandwich which he loved. Perfectly cooked fish (though you can't seem to go wrong with fish in this city)! 
A must try!I shared a lovely bottle of Chardonnay with the parents, as well as a burrata appetizer - cheese, tomatoes, basil (or maybe spinach? can't remember) with a balsamic glaze. Off to an excellent start as it was just enough food to whet the appetite, and delicious as can be.
My main was a pork chop with some sort of remoulade on it.  The temperature on my chop was not just Goldilocks right, and our server informed me of this and offered free dessert to make up for my wait.  
The pork was indeed perfectly cooked, just fatty and salty enough to hit my craving spots, and the sauce was also very good.  
The icing on top was a tangy cheesecake, completing three courses of NOLA delight - my first experience in this city and everything they say about the food here is true. 
Check it out!Simply delicious. The grits are by far the best grits I've ever had in my entire life! The rest of our brunch was just as impeccable. I am speechless...Amazing, that's all it needs. The food, the drinks, the recommendations for GF were great and on point. It's a little loud inside but if you're running from the heat it doesn't matter. Love itMy husband and I celebrated our 39th wedding anniversary and my 65th birthday last week in New Orleans and 2 of our best dining experiences happened at this little gem of a restaurant.
The courtyard is lush and inviting and the inside is warm and cozy.  Our server, Michael Harley, made us feel very welcome and provided such exceptional service that we returned the next night and requested to be seated at one of his tables.  I had the best Margarita I've had in a long time and all of the food, both appetizer and entree, was outstanding both nights!  
Unless you dine quite early (as we did at 5pm), you should make a reservation as it fills up quickly.
If you are looking for a wonderful dining experience on a beautiful street in the French Quarter, this is the place for you!Sitting in the Courtyard on a beautiful day in good company is the best way to spend your Sunday.  Their couchon de lait is stellar.  Pancakes are awesome.  Other than the courtyard chairs being flimsy and hurting my boney butt, brunch here was surely delish.