Like many other reviewers I passed by this place a number of times before looking it up on Yelp and realizing that I really did need to give it a shot...
Wow... I was not disappointed!
We started out with the crab cake appetizer- it was very well portioned (2 large crab cakes) and the sauce with it had an interesting hint of dill (just lovely and refreshing and a little different).
We were feeling like comfort food and had the chicken tenders-  The portions were very generous and the food was just solid.  Not fussy or stuffy or trying hard... just good, wholesome and good to eat.
The service was fine- however there is only one waitress for the tables and the bar, so i can imagine that if it is full that would cause some delays.  Overall it was just a lovely meal and the prices were unbelievably reasonable (most places have crabcakes 1/2 that size for twice that price)...
The ambiance is nice, nothing crazy but it is just a very nice option with reasonable prices and lovely food!I stayed at the Blake Hotel that is connected to this restaurant. Finally on our last day in New Orleans, we decided to check it out for breakfast. We had plans to hop on the streetcar right across the street and check out the Garden District. It wasn't very busy at the time so we were seated right away. Our waitress was extremely friendly and told us to check out the specials they were offering. We ordered Bloody Marys and Mimosas and they were delicious! I especially enjoyed the Bloody Mary. 
We ordered the fried green tomatoes eggs benedict and crab cake eggs benedict. They were both so delicious. The crab cakes were huge and full of delicious crab! The poached egg was perfect, I literally almost licked my plate clean. The home fries on the side were super amazing too, the seasoning on it was just enough and had the perfect crunch. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his fried green tomatoes as well. I was able to get a quick bite and I can see why!  
What I loved most about this place is that we didn't have to wait over an hour to eat breakfast. Of course, there are a lot of great breakfast places in town but if you don't feel like waiting a long time, Cafe at The Square will not disappoint.Awesome breakfast.  Great location near Lafayatte Park.  I ate breakfast here every morning of my recent business trip.  Had delicious Oatmeal one day then, after deciding it was pointless to eat healthy in New Orleans, had fantastic omelettes for the rest of my stay.  I love places that give you your last cup of coffee to go and Cafe at The Square does.  Thanks!As hotel restaurants go, this place was very satisfying. For the 3 days that we stayed here at the Blake Hotel, we ate breakfast, came in for drinks, for coffee, and for appetizers. Pretty much everything that we ordered and tried was good. I have to give a shout out for a few things that we indulged in - one was the rum punch during happy hour, which is only $5. They have great mozzarella sticks that come with a marinara sauce and a ranch sauce for dipping. The gumbo, though not outstanding, was very good. For breakfast one morning, I got the 3 egg omelette and I chose to stuff it with andouille sausage and pepper jack cheese. It was delicious. The breakfast came with a side order of creamy grits and a biscuit.Stopped in for breakfast on our way to the French Quarter. I had a Build Your Own Scramble with cheddar cheese, andouille sausage and mushrooms. It came with a biscuit and breakfast potatoes (yum). Boyfriend got the Andouille Eggs Benedict, it looked and tasted wonderful. Bits of crawfish in there as well! Tasted fresh!Average at best. If this restaurant wasn't connected to the hotel I'm staying at I wouldn't eat here. I've tried both the breakfast and lunch/dinner menus and so far haven't been impressed with either. The crab cake looked like a burnt hockey puck and the breakfasts I could make myself. The French vanilla iced coffee literally seemed to be black coffee with ice that I had to add copious amounts of cream and sugar to. Lastly, I got my order to go but I'm pretty sure the waitress who took my payment gave herself a tip for mixing my gross coffee since she short-changed me a dollar and two cents. I would've tipped her $2 but she  apparently helped herself which I don't like unless being notified of automatic gratuity.I went  to Cafe at the Square 4 years ago. Someone was recently asking me about the wet food in New Orleans and I had to let them know to visit this place!!! They have the BEST fried green tomatoes!! Years later I'm still thinking about how amazing their food was xoxoQuaint. It was perfect for breakfast. Service was right on the money - didn't crowd but was attentive.We had dinner here while staying at the Intercontinental down the block. After a few days in Nola, we were a little tired of the lines so I turned to yelp to find something nearby without the word 'line' in every. single. review. 
Im so happy we landed on Cafe at the square. We had the French onion soup, fried green tomatoes, alligator sausage, and grilled redfish topped with crab. 
Everything was on point except the veggies served along with the redfish were a little beyond soggy and the potatoes could've been crispier. 
Minus one star because it somewhat lacks a decent atmosphere due to way too bright lighting and something else I can't put my finger on. 
If you're looking for good food, quick service, and great value, you won't go wrong here.When we lived a block away we constantly ate here after church. It was good back then and now it's even better. The chicken and waffle is superb topped with sausage gravy and scrambled eggs. Don't get no better. The wife had the eggs Benedict this morning and the eggs were cooked perfectly.  Great atmosphere hardly ever a line which is weird because it sits inside the Blake hotel on st Charles.   Great staff very friendly and quick. A little on the high side for breakfast but I like it better than the world famous mothers restaurant down the street.I had sausage gravy and biscuits for my breakfast here and was severely disappointed. The gravy was thin and lacking flavor, the biscuits were under cooked and over flowered. The atmosphere inside is non existent. They try to present themselves as more of an upscale restaurant but are dragged down by the constant rustling of the wait staff replacing the paper table covers. All in all my visits to the café was just disappointing.The Andouille  Sausage Benedict was scrumptious. Nice helping of crawfish is on the dish. The hollandaise literally and figuratively topped it off. I ate this dish in tiny bites to savour the experience. Their NOLA roast coffee is nice accompaniment as is the fresh OJ. The menu has some interesting sounding options and they always have a few daily special editions. On weekdays there is a hard stop of 10:30 for breakfast, but on weekends it's all day. The prices for the elaborate dishes are commensurate with the ingredients and prep time.By the undistinguished look of this place and the fact it's adjacent to a bunch of government buildings I was expecting to be unimpressed. Yay for surprises.
Very pleasant and straight-forward brunch cafe kind of by its lonesome in Central City. A relaxing feel where it doesn't feel like it's trying too hard. Nice big open windows with clean and simple breakfast staples to accompany.
Concerning Brunch:
The eggs benedict with fried green tomatoes was really well executed. Good hollandaise, really nice grits and biscuit too. 
Would definitely return if I wanted a quality breakfast without re-inventing the wheel.Love love love this place...this tiny little cafe is right next to a beautiful park and it was a few blocks from our hotel so we decided to drop in. After a 2 hr flight from DC and a 20 min taxi ride of death...I was ready for a hearty brunch. We sat ourselves near the window to do some people and streetcar watching. Wasnt really crowded and our waiteress was sugary sweet. Very simple decor nothing too fancy. Obviously this place focuses on the cuisine. Lets start with the coffee.....spectacular...haha poo on you Starbucks and it didnt require massive amounts of sugar and cream to enjoy it. The brunch specials written on this huge chalkboard and every bit of it sounded great. My friend and I tried the Crabcake Eggs Benedict with potatoes and freah sliced tomatoes and the Crab and Crawfish on grits. It was so good that after our first bite we paused for about 30 seconds with our eyes closed and big Grinch grins on our faces....heaven on earth. The food was so good we came back on Sunday to try the Fried Green Tomato eggs benedict with bacon and the Shrimp and crawfish etoufee omelet. 
I wish I could take this little cafe with me to DC....simply amazing.I was staying at Q&C hotel and ordered this delivery. It came fast with a smile and everything on my plate was seriously the best I've had here in New Orleans. Great potatoes, perfectly cooked and seasoned redfish and the dang beans were the fashizzle on tha dizzle. Carrot cake for late night goody. Order online. It's most simple to use and you get $5 off your first order!My wife and I were looking for an evening dessert place within walking distance from downtown - but not requiring a Friday night adventure onto Bourbon Street (9:30ish). Yelp! led is to this place - they are very accommodating (one rockstar lady "doing it all" in the front of the house) and we swung in for great bread pudding, pecan pie, and peach cobbler! 
Breakfast looks good enough to hit in the morning!Nice small cafe connected to a hotel.   Food was good but service was inattentive.   At 11am on a Sunday it was only 1/2 full and our waitress would walk right past without even glancing over to see if we needed anything.   The look is higher end than the food or service delivers.   I assume they survive on hotel patrons.  The locals seem to be absent,  I think we know why.Dining at the new Cafe on the Square was a pleasant experience.  Good location, nice atmosphere, great service and the food was fantastic.  Breakfast had a great menu.  I tried the homemade granola and yogurt.....AWESOME!!!!   If you are in the CBD, you should definitely try the place.  Well worth the visit.The best thing about this place is that it is usually not crowded in the evenings, which means that if you didn't make reservations anywhere else, and you don't want to wait for two or more hours to eat, you can probably walk in and be seated immediately. We were in town on a Saturday, before a concert, and could not find anywhere for two to eat an early dinner. The spinach salad was huge, even for two people to split, and the crab cake starter was average. We both ordered the special grilled redfish, as recommended by the server (there was ONE for the entire place -- and she managed to keep things moving, bless her heart). It was ok - but overcooked. The accompanying veggies were really good, though. We were too full for dessert. 
I wouldn't recommend this place for dinner, unless time is of the essence, in which case, you aren't going to find anything this good on short notice.We are on our honeymoon and stayed just a block away! We were looking for quality food without breaking the bank. The food here surpassed our expectations and the waiting staff was always chipper and lovely! Thanks so much for your hospitality and wonderful food,  we recommend the grits, seafood pasta, and crystal chicken sandwich!i got the shrimp & corn soup special and the cobb salad. the soup was really good, especially when you dump a ton of Crystal sauce in it. 
the cob salad was huge and very good. the grilled chicken was just right and tasted like the grill, which i dig. i actually felt full after this salad and i can throw down at lunch. 
i would like to make it here for breakfast/brunch but i'm never downtown during the day so we'll have to wait on that. 
i would come back. they are proud of their food but prices are high everywhere downtown, at least where you would want to eat.Terrible. Not sure how this place got 4 stars.  My coke was flat but instead of fixing it she just took it away.  My omelet was not cooked all the way.  The egg whites were runny -- not cooked at all.  The potatoes were dry and cold.  The only decent thing was the English muffin but how hard is it to toast bread?  I will not be backA blend of European style cafe aesthetics with amazing Southern Comfort food. We loved their Creamy Crawfish Pasta and Lafayette Chicken. Their eggplant sandwich was also very good.Great food!!! We were looking to grab a quick lunch and got much more than we bargained for!! It was within walking distance from our hotel (InterContinental) and we greeted and sat immediately. Our waiter was working the dining room and bar at the same time but he was excellent! All of our order were hot and fresh! Crab cakes were amazing!The food here was excellent. I had the two egg breakfast and the eggs were tasty along with the sausage and English muffins. The waffles are great as well. They are shaped like the fluer de list symbol that is prominent in New Orleans and were served warm with a selection of syrups. The service was quite slow. Not sure why because there were more servers than customers. Overall great place for a morning breakfast in the city. Highly recommended!Great food, and super-friendly, considerate service. 
We hesitated going to this cafe since we were looking for a full breakfast venue. But we were pleasantly surprised to find a great mix of breakfast and brunch items. 
Worth dropping by!Our family of five stopped in for breakfast during a three day trip to NOLA.  The grits were absolutely perfect!  Creamy, buttery and just plain delicious.  My younger two had the "square" waffles which they enjoyed and my husband and older son both enjoyed their omelets.  I went for the scramble of eggs, veggies and cheese which was prepared quite well.  Nice sized portions and great service.  Highly recommended for a nice hearty meal to start off a day of sightseeing.Great location to sit and watch the streetcars pass by!  Super friendly staff, our waitress sat and chatted with us like old friends!  
Full bar, if you're craving bloody marys, or anything else!
A friend and I had breakfast before work at Cafe at The Square.  We were immediately please by how clean and just adorable the restaurant is.  Our server rocked, and most importantly our food was SOOO GOOD!  Like so good you know you should've stopped three bites ago, but cant stop, then you find yourself in a food coma for hours!
I def look forward to returning, maybe on a weekend so I can try out the bar!I had the tuna sandwich seared! Fabulous sandwich to say the least. Friendly staff and very clean cafe. I would recommend this place for lunch!!Great brunch!! Great service!! 
Everything was tasty. Biscuits were good & the grits cooked perfectly.The service here was great! Attentive staff, great food!
Will definitely come back if we are in the area. Would recommend in a heartbeat.Food was good, clean atmosphere. The only reason for taking a star away was because there was only one server and a few tables, about a third of the place was full so we didn't see her much and it just seemed really impersonal.This is a really nice cafe in the square area, I would highly recommend the crawfish omlette, it's local and just plain delicious.Went here for Brunch on a Saturday around 12pm. No wait for a table for 5, but I don't understand why. This place was great! We got eggs benedict, french toast, omelettes, and everyone really enjoyed their food. I thought the bloody marys were really good. The service was excellent. Our server was very friendly and accommodating, talkative but not overpowering, and just very cheerful. Prices were great. I would definitely come back here next time I'm in the area.We are staying at the Blake hotel which is in the same building. This place serves really good drinks and great food. Fried green tomatoes and red fish salad.What can i say other than horrible service, ill prepared entire staff and shocking how on a Saturday and Saints opening wknd with perfect weather them being open is an after thought. 
Would be good for the owner to maybe show up every now and then to see the ship sinking so pathetically. 
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME GOING HERE!Downright awesome! We went early in the morning for a Saturday brunch and luckily didn't have to wait. Even if we did, it would've been worth it! We had crab cakes benedict and the breakfast bowl. The crab cakes were very fresh and clearly made from real crab, covered with a perfectly poached egg and creamy hollandaise sauce. Complete with creamy, oh so creamy grits! The breakfast bowl was colorful an flavorful, although could've used a touch of salt. Friendly service, decent prices for the food and location, and worth coming back!The brunch special - Crabcake Eggs Benedict with Grits was amazing. Nice relaxed atmosphere and reasonably priced. Easy walking distance from the hotel along Charles St.The food was just ok...not as impressed as other cuisine in New Orleans. But the coffee and orange juice were pretty good.We went here while in New Orleans because it was close to our hotel and our flight was leaving soon. From a convenience standpoint, it makes sense. That being said, I would never go here for any other reason. There are way too many great places to eat in NOLA. I got the crawfish egg benney and it was meh. There was too much hollandaise sauce and an unidentifiable taste. Service and coffee were great though.When in New Orleans Cafe On The Square is my favorite spot for breakfast. The portions are worth your money. And incredibly tasty. Also try to make it back for happy hour 3pm-7pm $5 mozzarella cheese croquettes are to die for.Stopped in here for a quick breakfast before heading out to catch our flight home.  Hubby had andouille sausage and blue cheese omelet which was huge and packed full of sausage.  I had the egg melt which was bacon, fresh spinach, over easy eggs and cheddar cheese on two slices of sourdough.  It was presented like a sandwich but I took off the top piece of bread and ate as open face sandwich with fork and knife, it was delicious!  
The potatoes are amazing.  Highly recommend these!
Service was very friendly.Splitting a bacon and pepper jack cheese omelet with grits and toast with Eric was still a huge portion for both of us and it was without a doubt the best omelet I have ever had. Eric got a sausage biscuit because he didn't believe me that we could share...I was right but my half of the sausage patty was so good I didn't rub that fact in.
The coffee was good and strong and the waitress was attentive and really sweet and she split everything up nicely. 
We stayed at the Parc St. Charles above and only ate here once given that we skipped breakfasts most mornings because we were so busy running to conference sessions and meetings but I would have happily eaten here almost every morning.Wow, amazing food! Bread pudding and pecan pie were both incredible! Great price, especially for the quality of the food.We stopped in here before we headed to Mardi Gras parades. The restaurant was surprisingly empty which was lucky for us. The service was fast and friendly, especially considering the parades were right outside their doors. The food was very good. The corn bisque was soooo good! You could tell that the food was fresh and not a pre-made pour it into the fryer type meal. Everything was very clean, which is again impressive during Mardi Gras. We were all very pleasantly surprised and will definitely go back next time we are in the area.The lunch service was friendly and quick. My group of 5 only had complements for this dining experience.  The crispy sweet potatoes fries were the best I have had in a long time. The salad was large with a delicious creamy balsamic vin.  The daily soup special of creamy crab and tomato soup was incredible. Please stop by because you will not be disappointed.We checked this place out looking for a quick breakfast before exploring more of NOLA that day. This place was close to our hotel and of course looked very tempting on yelp! 
I should mention we came on a weekday. Apparently their weekday menu is very different from their brunch menu offered on weekends. I was bummed because there was no benedict anything, and the selection for a weekday breakfast was pretty basic.
The interior is pretty cool, interesting art with portraits of children..and Abe Lincoln on the wall. Very clean, business like, casual upscale establishment. Our service was very good.
The breakfast here is a pretty good value but if you are a tourist I would not come here on a weekday, go a few more blocks for something more authentic to the area.By far, my go to spot when I come to Nawlins!  I'm a regular here not because the food is great (Which it is!)  But in the past three years that I've been coming here on my business trips, this is the only restaurant in which the staff remains consistent!
If there is any turn-over, it is very minimal!  I've gotten to know the owner and staff pretty well and they are very accommodating.
In my opinion, this is one of New Orleans' secret gems!  Keep up the great work guys!My husband and I stayed at the hotel next door for 3 nights. We ordered breakfast the first morning. We ordered the French toast, two scrambled eggs with potatoes. One of the bread options was biscuit. We asked if it was possible to get a side of gravy. We ordered two orange juices as well. Somehow our bill, with the tip and tax was $43. Really? I called and asked about it, and even the ladies math made no sense unless you charged us for a half order of biscuits and gravy which we didn't ask for. 
The food.... cheap tasting. Not worth the crazy price you charged. And the forced 18% tip on room service.... maybe I'd feel better about that if the service wasn't so rude. You could have had returning customers if you hadn't screwed us on our bill. 
We had better service, better food and a better bill at the Waffle House.
I decided to email the manager to complain about the cost and my experience. He at first questioned me and seems to think we went there a number of times... no way! Only reason this place gets two stars is because he admitted that they over charged us by 10 dollars and refunded us 20.Wonderful lunch.   We enjoyed the lunch Spinach salad special with fried oysters and the soup salad combo with added crab cake.   Both came with tasty  seafood soup of the day.   Service was friendly,  casual, and efficient.Absolutely delectable. Tried to go to Mother's, but the long line and beating sun said no. We followed another group of people who look like they'd been given good advice on another restaurant, but when it seemed they were lost, we looked around and saw Cafe at the Square. A quick phone search showed great reviews, and they are indeed deserving. My eggplant sandwich was hearty but not too heavy, one of our other guests had a huge, fresh salad, and the fish of the day was cooked to perfection. We topped it off with bread pudding to make a perfect meal. I will definitely return here.waited for a 37 min on food. the place wasn't even crowded. two other couples just left money for their drinks on the table and walked out.We ate here twice during our week in NOLA.    The food was wonderful.  Our Sunday bruch server was so friendly and helpful as far as suggestions for what to get.   She also provided some directions for getting places and she was very responsive.  The portions are HUGE so please be aware when you order.    Loved the atmosphere and the picture windows for people watching.   A great little gem off the main street.I'd recommend to anyone. Normally we think we need to look for a while in the wall to get real local food. Not the case. Nice, small, clean and the food is EXCELLENT. All local fare. I had the spinach salad with wasabi dressing and a glass (ok, 2...whatever) of Alias Pinot Noir. 
Wonderful. Looks they have a great breakfast and brunch menu as well.I had breakfast here during my last morning in New Orleans...or last morning so far, because I'll come back again. Anyway I was staying at the Blake Hotel, where Cafe at The Square is located. Normally I avoid hotel restaurants because I find they're either a. generic family run establishments, or b. fancy and too expensive for my broke as a joke wallet. This was neither. It was actually a really nice little cafe. Our waiter was friendly, and helped us out when our breakfast party suddenly grew from 4 people to 8.
I got a mimosa to drink, which was good. I also had the Fried Green Tomato Benedict, which was eggs benedict, but served over fried green tomatoes instead of over an English Muffin. I quite enjoy fried green tomatoes, probably because you don't ever find them where I'm from, and this was a really delicious twist on standard breakfast fare. I got my order with the side of grits, which were great, but you could also get breakfast potatoes. The meal was filling, and the price was good. I think this cafe was open for lunch too, but I never went. If I was staying in the area again I'd come back here for that dish. It was pretty swell.Had a delicious brunch here on a Saturday!  Great mimosa and crab cake Benedict special.  Fast service and no crowd!  Great find in crowded New Orleans!  I would definitely come here again!Best hotel brunch I've had! Fantastic southern options, while still keeping it classic. Lovely view of St. Charles and right off Lafayette Sq. If you're looking for a simply delicious meal come here!Sit by the window when you go. Oh wait the whole one side of the restaurant is a window lol. This place makes me feel like I'm out of town in my own city.  Watching the street car go by and people  checking in and checking out of the hotel as I sip on my coffee.  The food is delicious btw  lol. The French toast, Chicken and waffles, and fried green tomatoes is a few delicious items. The staff is friendly.  The art work looks real.  Great place to enjoy brunchWe enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly service! Food was delicious! We both had the Breakfast MeltGreat place, clean and on Parade route. Needed food, beer and a break from the Mardi Gras parade and they fit the bill. Prices were super fair, food was very very good.We showed up at 6:40 with 20 min left to the happy hour. We ordered 3 drinks, 2 sodas, and 4 apps all within 15 min of sitting down. Keep in mind we were the only people sitting down at this time. We waited for 1 hr and friends came and went with drinks and the lady promised it would come out next. Then the couples next to us got there hot food who got there 30 min after us and when we complained the waitress said "it's only me, I'm sorry" as if she's the one who's cooking the food. Did I mention it took her 40 'min to bring a water when there were 10 people in the place and again when we complained she said "it's only me" and she woFood is always good. Great location, never crowded, good service. I posted a pic of my meal, the Redfish is excellent and my sides were great as well. I'd go back again.We came across this place on the way to Daisy Dukes and decided to give it a whirl. We ordered lunch...a BLT and burger. Both were really good with fresh bread. We'd definitely return!It can get pretty loud in here during peak dining times, but don't let that discourage you.  Cafe at the Square has a bright, airy atmosphere and offers great views of Lafayette Square and the St. Charles Ave. streetcar line.  The service is very to the point.  The food comes out quickly, and the staff is attentive without being overbearing.  It's perfect for a quick, delicious lunch during a hectic work day.  My favorite has to be the fried green tomato BLT.  I highly recommend it!Service is slow, what I ordered was bland, slight attitude from the waiter, beautiful setting though. In suspect of all the high scores on here...maybe my dish was a bad choice. Oh, chicken/waffles.We just happened to walk passed this restaurant while staying nearby in New Orleans. It looked okay from outside, but not like anything all that special. We decided to try it for brunch. The food was amazing! I had the chicken&waffles special, and my wife had an omelette and fried potatoes. We both agreed that it was some of the best food we've ever had.Breakfast was pretty good. It was a solid effort that was satisfying. Everything looked good, smelled good and ... Tasted good. The toast was great!  The potatoes were outstanding. The service was also satisfactory. It would have been better but I kept having to ask for coffee. Lastly, like every place I go in NOLA... It ain't cheap. $20 for one for breakfast. Would have been more like $14 but I had to try the waffle, which was good, but a little chewy.After spending a while looking for restaurants near our hotel on our walk back from the French Quarter and finding out they're all closed on Sundays, we were getting desperate for dinner.  
Most of the reviews for this restaurant seemed positive but talked about brunch.  We took a look at the menu and it seemed pretty boring as it was a limited mardi gras menu but we were hungry.  
We were pleasantly surprised to find that the short wait for a table was worth it.
We ordered the crawfish etouffee, friend catfish, and 2 cobb salads.  The etouffee was excellent with fresh seafood.  The catfish was fried to perfection and fresh as well.  The salad and chicken was fresh and the dressings were a notch above the norm.  
Even though they have a pretty basic menu (we looked at the regular menu as well) we would recommend giving it a shot (especially since it was downstairs in our hotel).Delicious grits and Benedicts!  Husband and I had green tomato Benedict and the special crab cake Benedict.  The crab cakes were delicious.  Meal was just appropriately portioned and light without the bread.  Thoroughly enjoyed the view across the park. Would come here again for brunch if we come to NOLA.  A nice twist in Southern cuisine.Chef NiCole took care of us. When we hesitated on the gator sausage appetizer, she sent a sample to the table beautifully presented with pimento cheese, pickles, and Melba-like toast crackers. Red fish was as tasty as promised.  The price was excellent. The only thing keeping this from five stars were somewhat overdone green beans. Thank you Chef NiCole!This is a hidden jewel of the city. Off the beaten path and calm, with great service and food. The breakfast potatoes side is amazingFood was good. Service was good. I had the fried green tomato BLT. Good place for grabbing lunch as items were reasonably priced. Overall, it was good--not great or anything spectacular, but a good place to grab lunch.I eat here each time I am in the city. The food is wonderful....the staff is friendly and efficient....and the patrons are for the most part, locals.  
I always read the reviews for the places I like. I laugh at the reviews written by tourists, especially when they are bad.  Trust me, they don't know what they're talking about.  
Try this place.  You will love it.We walked by a few times noting the happy people at the tables. A quick walk from our hotel, for a late dinner, once inside, we were warmly greeted by a waitress who was tending to the whole room, and was she was an excellent server. People at other tables were exchanging their votes for favorite dishes served. Waiting for our meals was interesting too because the giant portraits on the walls were quite captivating. I enjoyed a fried oyster salad, with a creamy crab and artichoke bisque. My husbands ham and cheese sandwich was unique and tasty. The bread  pudding was steamy hot and out of this world! So mush so that we told the chef.This place was great! Had the egg sandwich, the egg was cooked just right, runny but not so runny that it dropped out of the sandwich. Potatoes were tasty and coffee was strong. Highly recommended.Their specials were so yummy! Crawfish & mushroom pasta and ahi sandwich.  I loved the crawfish pasta because it had the right amount of creaminess and flavor.  Sometimes resturant pastas fall short because they are either too salty this one was perfect! It's a tiny little resturant so it does get crowded so either go early or prepare to wait.Came here during mardi gras. Great food, service was okay. It was not crowded at all and they confused half of our order, but politely corrected it when we told them. Pulled pork sandwich and cole slaw were delicious!
We could watch parades from the window while we snacked on yummy food. Can't go wrong with that!When in NOLA we are always looking for a place for a good breakfast that doesn't have us waiting in line forever.
After our first two choices failed us- we used the YELP app to find out that we were almost in front of Cafe at the Square.  A couple of steps and we were quickly seated at a table.  Cute place with windows that look out onto the street and the nearby park.
Connected to a hotel- I wasn't optimistic about how good the food was going to be- but they pleasantly surprised me.  The coffee was quite good and the food came up fresh and hot.
I ordered an omelet and it was quite good.  Perfectly prepared- I didn't want the toast so they substituted a fruit cup for me which was nice.  Another at the table had the steel cut oatmeal which was quite filling- but the winner of the orders was the fried green tomato breakfast.  
Know if you order this- it is HUGE.  Two thick fried green tomatoes, two eggs, 3 pieces of bacon, a biscuit and breakfast potatoes.  It looked amazing!
Service was attentive and if Bloody Mary's are your thing- they pour a mean one here (lots of vodka) to help start your day off right!
And given it was busy but there was no line to get in- we didn't feel bad about lingering over our coffee and planning our day.  That's the beauty of things on this side of Canal street- less touristy and little hidden gems!
Next time I'm in NOLA- you can bet that this will be one of my first choices when going out for a good breakfast!We went here before going to music in Lafayette Square. The happy hour rum punch drink was very good. The grilled chicken sandwich with spinach was big & juicy with fresh French fries. My hubby got the grilled red fish  & veggies which was very tasty. The place was very cute & clean. Hoping to go back for Sunday brunch.Last day in New Orleans. We planned on having breakfast at this cafe. 
I had an egg white omelette with mushrooms and feta cheese. She brought it with regular eggs first, then had it replaced with the correct order. 
I also substituted my sides with fruits. You can guess how the grapes came in at the very bottom of the cup. Ugh!
My husband had scrambled eggs with potatoes and sliced tomatoes.  the potatoes were covering a layer of over cooked burned potatoes that looked to be leftovers from the morning. Yuck!
Not worth he $25 at all!!!!Came In for breakfast. The omelette I had was huge with most excellent hash town potatoes with onions. Servers were attentive with an excellent atmosphereFive stars all the way. From the stellar and genuinely kind server to the rocking Andouille Benedict, we were impressed.
The cafe is rather small and next to the Blake Hotel.  There was a blues festival going on down the street and we were able to quickly grab a table.This place is great! Cute little cafe on the corner of Poydras and St. Charles. The service was lackluster and not as friendly as I'm accustomed to at other restaurants but the food was good. I ordered the fried green tomato BLT, which was delicious. My dining companion had the eggplant sandwich which she said she was also very good. l'll be back to try their other dishes. I was also in and out in under an hour for lunch which is great for people who work in the area.Rainy day and a long wait at Ruby Slippers is how we stumbled onto this gem of a restaurant. Outstanding service, great food.  We had the Crab Cake Benedict and the Crawfish and Andouille sausage omelets and savored every bite. The kids loved their egg and cheese sandwiches as well. 
A new family fave.I found this place very elegant and quaint. The servers couldn't have been nicer! 
My mother and I went here for lunch and were delightfully surprised at the Breakfast and Lunch only menu. She had the breakfast melt, and noted that the eggs were cooked precisely to her liking. I wanted the BLT but can't eat tomato. So any chance I can find a place willing to swap Tomato for Avocado on a BLT, I take it. Beautiful, just beautiful. 
 The portions are perfect and a choice of grits or home fries come with almost every meal. If you're on this side of town and looking for something new, give this place a shot!Super casual restaurant and I got the grits and breakfast sandwich. Delicious and you can't complain with bacon, cheese, eggs.  It has valet right outside if you want a place to park and get food.I ordered the red fish and it was very good. The atmosphere and the music was very cozy and friendly. The service wasn't very good seemed rushed and they weren't knowledgeable regarding the food that was served. Didn't care for the unfriendly service not sure if I will return I didn't get a very welcoming feel.It's a very clean little spot with a nice view.  We ordered a Cobb salad.  The avocado and tomato were right on the verge of being too ripe.  The chicken was rubbery and seasoned with way too much oregano. The service was ok once we got waited on.  It took our waitress a little bit to wait on us but she was really sweet.  To her defense she was the only waitress.BREAKFAST REVIEW ONLY
I cannot say enough how grateful we were to find this gem for breakfast over Thanksgiving weekend. There were not a lot of places open around the upper business district due to holiday, and Cafe on the Square was a real treat to find open.  Yes, it is attached to a hotel- BUT don't expect to just have a continental breakfast... This place serves lots of morning fare that will get your ready for a day of exploring NOLA~ enjoy delicious french toast, eggs your way, the best seasoned potatoes you'll ever have, steel cut oatmeal with peaches, or a huge omelet (fit to share!). 
Just a perfect 'diner' waiting to serve you a nice breakfast ($8-$9 a plate). Another perk is that you get to look out of Lafayette Square while you enjoy your meal. Staff is very attentive, and makes you feel like you are at your local diner on 'main street usa'.
If you are there for brunch on a weekend- try the FRIED GREEN TOMATO EGGS BENEDICT-- this is an eggs benedict, but tomato replaces english muffin, and bacon instead of ham-- loved it!We stopped here because it was nearby the hotel and it was late and we had to feed the kids. They don't have a children's menu so we ordered the 4-cheese mac & cheese appetizer for them. They gave the kids crayons to draw on the white paper tablecloth. 
We ordered the ham sandwich (which was good) and the French onion soup (also fine). Considering the restaurant was pretty empty, service was a bit slow, which was disappointing. 
Food = 4 stars
Service = 3 stars or lessThis is the best new restaurant to have opened in awhile.   For breakfast they offer great omelettes french toast, Waffles, and all the egg benedicts   one could imagine, such as crab cake, Fried Green Tomato, and a crawfish tail one with smoky andoulle sausage.   What sets this place apart from others is the quality of ingredients--always fresh, sometimes organic and almost always local.  The level of care from the service staff-super professional but always friendly.   Excellent coffee.   Always a rich, fresh cup.  Prices are modest for the quality of ingredients, level of service, and beautiful views of either the park or St. Charles Avenue.
As for lunch, the salads  are amazing!  Super fresh lettuces, spring mixes, spinach, etc  Their entree salads always have an interesting flair- may it be fried oyxers, seared Ahi tuna, or a simple but tender (read NOT DRY) checken breast.  Even grilled shrimp on occasion.   I know from good authority that all dressings are homemade-try the citrus vinergarette!  They have about a dozen or so sandwiches to choose from, a pasta, fish, and salad of the day, and a few hot plate specials.   Check out the HUGE specials board on the wall as you walk in!  Their soups are always home made and delish-as are their desserts!   Always  a cobbler of the day-(May be sold out by time you get there) an interesting but terrific bread pudding with either a rum or bourbon glaze! and now, Barq's Root Beer Floats!   
Cafe at The Square!   Woohoo! As good as it gets!
They have a full bar to get you drink started, or keep it going, and beautiful, perhaps, stately Bloody Marys, with every pickled vegetable imaginable.  Comes in a big ole hurricane glass for 6 bucks....can't beat it!
This place shares a lobby in a small hotel so you can go through the front entrance of the Parc St Charles, or use their door right on St Charles right across from Lafayette Square!  Seems like a winner to me.The restaurant was recommended by the front desk at my hotel and didn't know what to expect and was surprised that the food was really good and the price was reasonable. The staff is very friendly and welcoming which is a plus. I order breakfast and the cook came out to bring me more potatoes because she felt she didn't give me enough which was great of her. That is excellent service! If you are looking for good food at a decent price, stop by.
Had lunch and it wasn't as good as my breakfast. I had the grilled chicken sandwich and it was full of salt and so was the fries. The chicken tasted like not salt only. Not too impressed about lunch but breakfast was really goodAmazing place for breakfast. Found it while walking in the area one morning. Has great big floor to ceiling windows to look at the street and square. Great food, price and very friendly staff. Can't ask for anything more. It filled up quickly, come early.comfort food - reasonable prices - AWESOME BREAKFAST...Lunches catered to businesses............Very good service and even better good! This is definitely a nice place to enjoy a weekend brunch!Great cafe off Lafayette Square. I recommend the mac & cheese or fried green tomatoes as an appetizer...both were excellent. The service was great midday during the week and was just a short walk from the WWII Museum. I would come back again without any hesitation.Breakfast Review Only
Loved it so much I went back twice in the two out of two days I had a chance to eat breakfast in NOLA. It was a short walk from my hotel. The decor was bright and clean. The server's were attentive. The feeling of a down home friendly atmosphere helped start a day of adventure in the Big Easy. Daily specials supplement the standard menu. The food is prepared well and the portions are large, but not ridiculous and wasteful. I was there over Super Bowl weekend and the place had a steady flow of customers, but no waiting for a seat. It is small and casual just the way you like starting a morning especially if you have enjoyed the evening activities of the Crescent City. I'm a fan!Very disappointed. Terrible customer service. I ordered the Chicken Lafayette and the chicken was undercooked. The server did not apologize and did not remove the meal from the check. Wouldn't bother with this place if you are visiting. Much better places to eat at!Beautiful location with a beautiful view of the square. A little fancier inside than I would expect but it is connected to the Blake Hotel. 
When we walked in there was a bunch of people gathered at the door. We stood, and waited. There was no sign in sheet. No one greeted us. After a while, we asked the people next to us and they had no idea either.  Waitresses moving in and around the crowd.  Several people waiting gave up and left. We asked the waitress how it works. Do we sign in somewhere? She said no, that the, presumed manager, "just knows" who's next based on when you came in. A few minutes later, he came over to the crowd, asking "who's next?"...obviously there is no organization. It was quite chaotic.
One seated and acknowledged by the waitress, the rest of the breakfast was great.
I love their creative brunch menu.  Waffle with berries (surprisingly hard to find in NOLA), Andouille Benedict with crawfish hollandaise, Fried green tomato Benedict...to name a few.
We had the Breakfast Bowl and Brioche French Toast.  The bowl has all of the things you love about breakfast all in a bowl! I adore the idea. Creamy Grits, Chopped Ham, Cheddar Cheese, Red Peppers, Mushrooms, Diced Bacon, topped with two Eggs Over Easy and Hollandaise, served with a Biscuit.  The bowl was perfect.  Ingredients equally distributed, fair amount of cheese. Not overly seasoned. Hollandaise on the side to eat as you wish.  The french toast was good as well, but I was very disappointed to see a single peach on my french toast. The menu says "Peach Compote" and fresh strawberries. There was a side of mixed fruit with a slice or two of strawberry.  (See photo). Peach compote would have been a very nice touch that may have put the dish over the top.  In the end, it wasn't any better than any Brioche French Toast I've had.  I slathered on some orange marmalade and it was better. 
Menu prices are on the higher end and here's where they get you. The add ons are a bit ridiculous. 3 pieces of regular ole bacon, $3...a cup of coffee, $3.  Breakfast quickly became expensive.  My breakfast should come with coffee or juice. Or lower the price. 
While I really enjoy the place, the confusing waiting area and the prices, will make this place lower on the list for brunch options.Was in Orleans for a short business trip. Living in MD I enjoy a good crab cake. Knowing a lot of the blue crab comes from NO, I was on a quest to find a tasty crab cake near my hotel. Cafe at the Square did not disappoint. Not only was the crab cake full of crab it had a nicely crisp outer layer. The dipping sauce had a nice Cajun kick. The only thing that would have made this better is if they made crab cake benedict. I sat at the cute little bar when you walk in. The staff was friendly and attentive. The bartender kept my coffee flowing (rich and bold).  What more could u ask for. Oh yeah, I also had a cheese biscuit right before the breakfast menu ended. I needed an app:) Can't really go wrong w one of those. Cheesy goodness.Amazing Quality Breakfast At Reasonable Price
It's not often that I get to rate a breakfast place with 5 stars. I mean how much different is a breakfast at Denny's than at someplace else?  It turns out that this place makes a difference. 
Let's start with the bacon and eggs. The eggs were perfectly done and the bacon thick and crisp but not too crisp. They have waffles topped with fruit and and a yogurt with granola and fruit.   The fruit is fresh, not canned nor frozen. 
The OJ is not fresh squeezed but I almost never see that anymore except at expensive buffets.   
The place has paintings of very disturbing looking children which we found creepy so we changed seats to we didn't have to look these kids.  On the positive side, the music played here is local New Orleans music. 
Bottom Line:  This is a great breakfast place in downtown New Orleans.My 10-yr old son and I visited before Christmas. The food was awesome, and the service was even better. I had soup & salad (gumbo with a lot of fresh seafood, and crab cake salad), my son had chicken fingers. They were made from scratch, fresh and just the right amount.
I enjoyed the conversation with the gentleman who served our table, and would love to visit this restaurant again soon.Happy to have found this restaurant on yelp. Was great for some California foodies who needed a family friendly, relatively inexpensive and vegetarian friendly place in the central business district. Was much more mellow and inexpensive and with more choices than at our hotel. The wine list, which is not listed online, was surprisingly interesting. South American and California wines by the glass, but with good tasting notes and some very nice choices at good prices. Salads were fresh, and the redfish and Ahi dishes and burgers were a hit with the grownups and kids in our group. Service was a little slow, but we came later in the evening and they were also short staffed. Very nice for a quiet meal where we could hear each other, instead of eating in the bar like places nearbyGreat food. Great service. Great ambiance. Great pens. Cool artwork on the walls. I'd definitely come back. Not too expensive either. 
Come eat here.The food was great, the service was good and there wasn't a long wait to get in and eat, even considering the Mardi Gras parade that was clogging things up.This place is chill. It's a very casual setting with excellent food. I also like how airy it is!My rating would be a zero if that was an option. I'm standing while all the workers are sitting chatting it up.  Someone finally sees me and I ask if I can sit anywhere. They say yes; I sit down no menu is given to me I have to ask. The lady doesn't tell me her name nor does she know what drink products they serve. The lady then takes the menu from me!!I popped in for some food to take up to my room while my husband was napping after the blues and BBQ festival. I ordered a white wine, their selection was small unless I ordered an entire bottle. The bartender was very nice and made me feel very welcome. I decided on French onion soup and fried green tomatoes. The soup gets four stars, but definitely stay away from the fried green tomatoes! They were flavorless and greasy.yes!
get off of your phone, and get your ass here immediately. you will not be disappointed.If I could give this place 10 stars I would. The food was amazing and plentiful. The options were healthy and delicious. The service was prompt and friendly, and the bill? Incredibly reasonable. We can't wait to return.
As a tip, try one of their omelets with andouille sausage and some fresh veggies. It was fantastic.This place is really great...
Service prompt and polite, all 6 of our meals were excellently prepared and came out quickly.
Would highly recommend!Thanks fellow Yelper's. On this rainy winters day in NOLA we went with "café at the square"  for breakfast. Had the Crab Cake Benedict.  It was so good. Very pleasant place.  Also you get to watch St. Charles streetcar go by.Stopped in on a Saturday night with ten people.  No reservations and they were very accommodating.  The menu had great selections but the specials were even more spectacular.  Everyone in our group ordered something different and everyone was completely satisfied.  
I ordered a Caesar salad to start and it was some of the best Caesar dressing I have had in a very long time.  My entree was the special shrimp and grits and oh my goodness, it was amazing.  The shrimp were done perfectly and not over cooked.  The grits were made into a party and then pan fried to crisp up the outside.  It was placed a top perfectly cooked fresh spinach.  I have no clue what the sauce was but it was light and perfectly seasoned.  The entire dish was perfect.
We all ordered different desserts and enjoyed every bite.  We shared carrot cake, bread pudding, peach cobbler, and pecan pie.  All were top notch. 
The place is small and there was only one server but she was pleasant and very attentive.  She had some assistance from the kitchen to deliver all the meals at the same time but other than that, she manages everything herself very well between our large group and four other smaller tables.  She deserves the large tip we left for her.
I highly recommend this gem.  Food was Devine, service was excellent, and prices very reasonable for the quality.Next time I am on NOLA, I will for sure stop here again.
Ambiance: brights and open rectangle space, huge windows to people watch on two walls and large artwork on the opposite walls. 
Service: Fine, except as my friend ordered her brunch entree and a couple sides, the waitress said "that is a lot of food". Please don't ever say that. What my friend heard/interpreted instead was "Hey fatty, are you sure you want to eat all that food?" We saw the dishes on other tables and knew what the food portions were. 
Food: My egg and bacon sandwich with potato side was very good. I had a bite of my friends waffle, it was perfect! Coffee did not come with fresh cream/only little tubs of packaged cream - bit of a bummer.  I see the menu changes often and there are some very tasty items on there worth returning for.
Stop in and then stop at the park next door to stretch your legs or hop in the trolly to the garden district.Me and my brother stopped by here rather serendipitously. We were in New Orleans on a weekend vacation and were on our way to find another location. So there we were at Lafayette Square and couldn't find our original choice cause they had moved and found this place instead. We liked the look of the menu so we stopped in. 
     The food was absolutely sublime. I had the Brioche French Toast served with peach compote and toasted pecans, with it I had a side of hashbrown casserole. My friend had the Andouille Sausage Benedict served with a crawfish hollandaise. He also had the hashbrown casserole. As previously stated the food was phenominal. Although maybe a touch high price wise, our dishes were $11 and $13 respectively. Even still the quality of the food would certainly justify the price for some people. For me it did. 
     If you are a New Orleans resident or like me, a visitor on vacation you should check this place out.We arrived for Sunday brunch at Cafe on the Square to find a mostly empty restaurant in a hotel, and no wait for our large party. I took this as an ominous sign and wrote off the pending breakfast as a mediocre meal.
I was wrong! I ordered the special crayfish and andouille sausage omelet with pepperjack cheese. It was enormous--I don't believe it only had three eggs as advertised--and absolutely delicious. I also enjoyed the buttermilk biscuit I chose as my bread. The only sour note was the side of potatoes, which I found overly seasoned and unevenly cooked. Next time I would opt for the side of grits instead.
As an added bonus, we were able to glimpse Night Court star and New Orleans native John Larroquette brunching at the next table. Cafe at the Square: Endorsed by celebrities like John Larroquette and Amy B.Once again, I ate here while in NO this past weekend.
The food is consistently prepared well.  The granola was AWESOME!!!!
Service is great...had Stacey!  Loved her.
Nice place and after brunch you can walk around the area to see the best part of NO.Clean, enjoyable atmosphere for this hotel restaurant.  Breakfast is simple and good here.  No Sausage here.  A bacon or ham kind of place.  Lunch is more ambitious.  Grilled chicken sandwich in ciabatta is great along with their grilled fish specials. Staff is quick and courteous.Great food and great value. Especially pleasant lunch spot for a sunny day. If you're looking for some salad in NOLA this place delivers. I had more greens in my spinach salad here than in the three previous days combined. The menu is big and everything else looked great too. Cozy with a nice view of the outdoors. Would definitely return next time (because I'm hoping there will be!) I'm visiting. Probably would give it 5 stars if the service was a little better but it's certainly not bad. Maybe our waiter was just having an off day.Food is delicious. Chicken Lafayette is a must. And for dessert you gotta try the bread pudding!Light, bright and airy cafe on the LaFayette Square (corner of Poydras and St. Charles). Stunning artwork on the walls, two walls of windows (one of which has a view of the beautiful LaFayette Square) and a friendly staff make the atmosphere one to appreciate. We were there for lunch and I've eaten a lot of shrimp and grits in my life, but their shrimp and grits surpasses everything I've ever eaten. The owner was cordial, friendly and not afraid to roll up his sleeves! I'll be back!Delicious hamburger and very quick service. I came in on a Saturday for lunch. The vibe was very nice.excellent breakfast will return next time Im  in NOLA .  The fried green tomato breakfast was out of this world..Brunch was okay.  I was expecting more based on the reviews but I didn't want to come back even though it was right around the corner from the hotel.  Luke's is right down the street and I liked that a lot more.  I had the eggs benedict and they were okay.  Grits were the best part of the meal. The breakfast in the bowl was good too.
Service was only okay--hostess was rude, clearly hungover.  Waitress was okay, not friendly but fine.The food looks exactly like the pictures and is INCREDIBLE! Service was perfect! Thank you Yelp and Cafe on the Square!Awful service!!! This must have been my 3rd or 4th visit...previous visits were fine, but my visit this past Thursday was by far the worst. I work in the CBD and won't be going back.  The restaurant was busy, but still had a few open tables left. 
When it was my turn to order; I felt rushed. I asked our server about the crab cakes appetizer- if it had a lot of breading. She said it has a combination of both. I'm picky about my crab cakes...and I don't like a whole lot of breading bc it's mushy. I was thinking about it; and she asked if I wanted more time to order. I said no, I'll just get the tomato remoulade with shrimp appetizer. 
Then I thought about it some more- I think I'll just try the crab cakes. In less than 10 mins, I was able to get the server's attention to ask her to switch it to the crab cakes. She said I think your dish is done; and she asks me, do you still want to change it? I said yes please. Then she told the manager that I wanted to change my order. Get this...the manager comes to the table and says your order is actually at the window, do you still want the crab cakes? I said yes, then he proceeds and says it will delay her order (my coworker's) bc it's on the same ticket. I proceed and calmly say could you just bring out her order, you just said it was at the window.  He walks off and pretends like he didn't want to hear what I said and tells our server to change it. 
When the bill comes out, they charged me for the crab cakes entree $17, instead of the appetizer! They surely showed me. I just paid it and didn't bother to fight this bill.  This is the last of my $20 something dollars for lunch that they will get from me!We are on day 5 in New Orleans. This was by far the cleanest meal we have eaten. We ordered the BLT Apple Wood Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, & Mayo on the side served on thick multi-grain toast with Breakfast Potatoes or Grits & THE BREAKFAST MELT: Eggs Over Easy, Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, Baby Spinach, Served on Sourdough with Grits or Breakfast Potatoes. Both meals were wonderful & will definitely go back!My go to place for lunch.  They are the only place I can find in the area that serves corn and crab bisque occasionally.  I check their specials first whenever I'm eating outside the office.  The oyster spinach salad and soup is perfection.  Their brunch is pretty amazing as well.  Awesome chicken and waffles.  Their burgers Slaughter Company Burger on a bad day.  The fries...eh, skip them.  Overall, I've never had a bad meal here.  I don't think I've gone 2 weeks without it in the last year or so.  Love.Food: I had the happy hour fried green tomatoes and a chicken sandwich with french fries. I also had a couple happy hour Bud Light's. The food was flavorful, fries were crispy, and green tomatoes were crisp and super good. The only thing I can complain about is the chicken breast on my sandwich was dry. 
Service: at 4pm on a Wednesday, I was literally the only one in the restaurant and yet the service was not good. The one guy there was hostess, bartender, waiter, server and anything else that came up. 
Bar: A few people walked in later and went directly to the bar which seats about 4-5 people. 
Music: The music playing was hooked on to the do-all guy's phone so ever time it would ring the music would stop and you'd hear the phone ring through the speaker....sooo annoying cause he had some pretty good music on his playlist.I stayed at the Blake and this restaurant happened to be downstairs. My brother and I went for breakfast and had a very good meal. The place is small and busy due to it's great food! I had a bowl with grits, vegetables and ham.. cant recall the name of it though but it was really good. I also had a side of fruit, which was super sweet and  yummy! Our waitress was a little moody, but who cares! I would definitely go back when in NOLA!We enjoyed this little place.  I got the fried green tomatoes breakfast platter.  The ham was delicious and the rest of the food was pretty good as well.  The friend green tomatoes were meh. My partner got the andouille sausage eggs benedict and he loved it.Stopped in here the morning of our last day in NOLA. We had plans to check out another place based upon the recommendation of our hotel, however when we looked at the time, we realized we didn't have enough of it to make it to that place and back to get our bags and head to the airport. So turned to Yelp and found this nearby gem. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a server who said we could take any table we wanted, so we grabbed one by the window. It was about 20 minutes before the switch-over to the lunch menu, which was fine by me, but I will note that the many empty tables quickly filled up once the lunch rush hour hit.
I ordered a hot tea and was very pleased with the selection (as a side: I wish nice restaurants would get out of the habit of only serving Lipton tea bags). For our meals, we both got the "two eggs your way" dish - I had over easy with the grilled ham, and he had scrambled with bacon, and we both opted for the biscuit and potatoes. The eggs, ham and potatoes were cooked appropriately, though I was slightly disappointed by my biscuit, likely only because I had been spoiled all week by numerous excellent ones.
Service started off great, though once the restaurant started to fill I noticed we weren't checked on as often - again, not necessarily a bad thing, just something to note as it gets busy - and I did notice a few tables waited for quite a while before being approached by servers. We also waited a while for our bill at the end, but we weren't in a terrible rush so I didn't mind. Overall, good food, good service, fair prices and convenient location.I thought because of the reviews on yelp that it was going to be a great breakfast, it was barely ok. They don't know how to do Benedict's, the fresh fruit tasted like cheese impossible to eat. The coffee was good, and we didn't have to wait for a table. 
I would recommend itThis is a pretty great spot for people watching as the restaurant is surrounded by full length windows.  They have some good specials and do some decent seafood.  The burger seems to be made from a pre-formed patty and while it isn't inedible there are far better burgers to be had in NOLA and this one also seems an over priced poor value.  Generally I would probably stick to the specials and entree menu items here while skipping the burger.  Breakfast and brunch are also offered here and because they are a part of the Blake Hotel they are also open during holidays when many other places might be closed.  They also have a nice happy hour here with good drink specials.  The combination of a great people watching spot along with good happy hour prices makes this an interesting spot to check out.We had both breakfast and lunch here during our visit to New Orleans and the food and service were both excellent and the prices were reasonable. We would definitely recommend it.We just arrived in NOLA and we're starving.  It was breakfast tinge and this was right around the corner from our hotel. It actually loos like it is in the lobby pig the Blake hotel. I got the fried green tomato benedict. It was very tasty but the middle of the tomato was pretty hard. Instead of potatos i got a side of cheese grits. They forgot the cheese.. it was good none the less. My sister got the crawfish benedict, I tried a bite, I should have got that! Everyone was nice and it was a comfortable place. 
On the veryyyyy bottom of the menu it asks that everyone try to refrain from using their phones while in the dining area. I love that idea. We are often to consumed in our phones rather than having conversation with the people around us.Walked into a very stale, boring place that feels nothing like New Orleans, was greeted very poorly, had 2 grotty plastic menus slapped down in the table and waited 10 minutes to be served on a very quiet night. Walked out in disgust. How this place is 4 stars defies logicHad breakfast and lunch here and thought both were plentiful and very good.
The oyster salad and crawfish bisque was an excellent lunch with the orange dressing!!!! Soooo Good!!! For breakfast I had the eggs Benedict my eggs were nice and runny, the sauce good and the super thick piece of ham it was served on tasted excellent. The coffee was very good too. The breakfast service was quick but I was pretty much alone that morning. Lunch slower but the place was packed for good reason. I will more than likely eat here again before I leave the city. Very reasonable. I would have given it 5 stars but the lunch service was slower than I would like and I wasn't sure who was there to seat me cause everyone was super busy running around. It still was worth the wait.It was nice for a hotel restaurant.  Food was decent - tried the crab cake benedict for breakfast and it was tasty.  
Overall, nice experience but just kinda eh.Eaten here several times and have received awful service each time.  The food's acceptable, though not for the price.  Stretch your legs and check out what other eateries in the area have to offer.  This place is for people who don't know or don't care for other places to eat.We walked over to this cafe from the Le Pavillion Hotel on a Tuesday morning. The place was almost empty which scared us a bit, but fear was unwarranted. Service was prompt and friendly. Our breakfast was delicious, but I have to mention the biscuits and gravy. The gravy was out of this world!!!! What a fantastic cheat meal! We asked how it was made and apparently they use andouille sausage in it. I couldn't stop eating it. The rest of our breakfast was good, too, but the gravy just rocked my world. After breakfast, we took a stroll through nearby Lafayette Park. Nice morning!We had stayed at The Blake hotel and ate at this restaurant twice for breakfast and once for supper. The service was exceptional as was the food each time we went. They treated us like old friends there and did everything they could to accommodate us. Thank You!!!!Shrimp and Grits was amazing! Kenneth was the best server....The place to be.Easy access. My husband had the Omelette your way. Satisfied our taste buds.Best crab cake benedict ever: and pretty cheap for only 16 bucks. The crab cake appetizer was only 9 dollars. Lots of crabmeat and light on the fillers.
I would definitely return to this cafe if ever i'm in town.Great food and very friendly efficient service. Great location too. The Happy hour is awesomeWeekend specials are great, the breakfast sandwich is delicious. The coffee is my favorite and the service is always fast and friendly. A place highly recommended if you're in New Orleans! This is our go to spot whenever we go to the N.O. wish I remember what kind of coffee they served there!Great place for Brunch! Love the fried Green Tomatoes! Amanda the waitress is so sweet! Very Clean and everything was fresh, highly recommend.I tried to get into this place for breakfast but it is associated with a hotel and there was a tour group there.  It was so chaotic I could not get seated.  It's a first come first serve and the tour group made it impossible to grab a table.  The food may well be good but the service seems to be lacking.  They could have at least told me something.  I had to get the attention of the guy behind the counter and ask how I get a table and he just said grab one when it comes open.Excellent lunch in a bright and cheerful
Atmosphere We stopped by on a whim on our way back to our hotel and really enjoyed our late lunch.
I had a fabulous and gigantic crab cake salad comprised on 2 delicious, large crab cakes on a bed of fresh greens with ripe red tomatoes served with three different dressings.
My wife had chicken fingers which she described as succulent and delicious- accompanied by a mountain of French fries.
Service was excellent- highly recommendedWe are visiting from Texas and just found this gem. While this cafe is a bit small, the portions are huge and the food is delicious! Stacey was our waitress and she was great. We had 9 kids with us (plus 2 adults) and she didn't even flinch. We called ahead to make sure they had room for us and our table was waiting within minutes. We will definitely return. The prices were a tiny bit high in my opinion but well within reason and wouldn't keep me from returning or recommending this great place. Love the art on the walls too!Good food. The fruit plate was great, lots of fresh ripe melon, strawberry, banana, and grapes. The egg spinach bacon sandwich was very nice (and it was with real cheese instead of American cheese!) and the people I was with seemed to like their food. Around $15 per person. Friendly service.While in New Orleans for a convention had a short break for lunch and this place delivered. A great, inexpensive, oversized garden salad for under $6 and on my way in under 30 minutes.Probably the best meal I ever had. I Searched for the name of this restaurant on Google maps (because I forgot the name so the best way to find it was retrace my steps the night I went and find it on Google)
I was there with some associates of mine and we really went all out with our order after being at a convention all day long. I had the pleasure of eating the gator sausage and fried green tomatoes. Both starters were delectable, the sausage had a very noticeable twang of spices and was a unique flavor that can only be had eating gator. While the fried green tomatoes were a succulent and crisp burst of flavor.
For my main dish I had the pasta of the day, to this day I think back to this choice as the pinnacle of my dinning career. Luckily the pasta of the day was a craw fish pasta with the perfect calculation of spices and herbs with the most al dente pasta I think I ever had the pleasure of gracing my lips. The explosion of flavor and the complexity of the sauces creamy nature was the apex of my taste buds life. This dish makes me feel nostalgic, if I had to describe the sensation of it it would be similar to late summer forth of July nights and watching fireworks go off in the distance. 
My compliments to the chef, who's name I cant remember but I recall her being from Huston Texas and coming to New Orleans simply because she loved cooking the dishes from there. Well done, bravo, the next time I return to this beautiful city I hope to capture the magic of this dish again.Have lived in New Orleans all my life and worked in the CBD a while but first time here.  Work lunch.  5 stars for the fantastic big-window view of St. Charles Avenue and the streetcar, and the service, which is that kind of unobstrusively excellent that you don't even notice it (in a good way).  
The food is mostly business lunch/tourist grade food. (I don't know anyone local who eats here unless it's for business.)  I had the day's special Cheeseburger Salad.  Server asked how I wanted the burger cooked.  Medium, please.  It came out well, well, well done.  The cheese on the salad was obviously from a store-bought bag of pre-shred, kind of mealy and processed.  Still, it was a big salad, tasty, and $12.  Pretty good deal.Walked to this place in the rain because of yelp reviews. Got here and was told "there's a little bit of a wait," with 2 couples in front of me. There were about 8 empty tables (all needed bussing), and the staff was just wandering around not cleaning tables or seating me or the two other parties. After waiting 7 minutes I left.This place is FANTASTIC! 
We were in the area for Mardi Gras last weekend, right before the parade, million people and we were starving! We walked by this little gem and decided to give it a try. Being Mardi Gras, I wasn't expecting A+ service, but boy was I wrong! 
We were seated right away at a CLEAN table, unlike Cafe Du Monde, and the waiter quickly came over with menus and asked for our drinks. Their coffe was the best I had in New Orleans and with free refills....I felt like Forrest Gump drinking 15 Dr Peppers. Our water was also filled several times and our food came out quick! But seriously, their coffee was better than Cafe Du Monde. 
We ordered the half biscuits and gravy with two eggs and it was more than enough to fill us up. The eggs were great and the biscuits were hearty.  
Lastly we had a couple hurricanes to go, priced low and full of liquor, they kept the party going! 
Even the bathrooms were spotless and who I am assuming was the manager/owner, was on the floor cleaning tables and chatting with guests and was "controlling the chaos" that is Mardi Gras. 
Will be back next time we are in New Orleans!Food Quality: I ordered the shrimp and grits, and was immediately blown away by how  good it looked when I received it. Taste was spectacular and perfect, with a perfect sauce complementing the dish.
Serving Size: A little on the smaller side which prevented it from being a 5-star because it was fairly pricy. We all left the cafe not hungry, but definitely not full.
Price: I paid about $20 including tax and tips for one brunch dish, which seemed to lean more on the expensive side in comparison to other brunch places in New Orleans.
Atmosphere: Since it's located near a lot of offices, there are a lot of middle-aged businessmen dressed up. By no means would I say that the restaurant is formal, but I felt underdressed wearing just a casual dress shirt and khakis. Place is really clean and bright, largely due to the wall sized windows. 
Overall, it's a really nice cafe for someone who is looking to meet up for lunch near downtown. If you don't mind the slightly higher price, then the quality will more than enough make up for it.The service is good.
The decoration of the café gives a feeling of "Europe"; in other words, if you are the kind of person who cares a lot about "the beauty of a restaurant", this is a right place.
There are some sort of special elements in their breakfast dishes (e.g. some dish uses spinach instead of lettuce; "English muffin" instead of muffin); but I would not say that the taste of dishes in this place could give any unique experience to customs, compared to other café places. Nothing special & nothing terrible. Anyway, it's still a qualified place for a decent "standardized" breakfast.The wife and I had brunch here. The service by Kristi was atrocious and the food average.  I would not go back.This place gets very busy at lunch.  It gets a little chaotic.  
I had the Fried Green Tomato BLT and it was fantastic.  Very creative menu.Good food and service. Staff seemed to enjoy their work. Cafe delivers to hotel-Blake. Big servings, enough to share.Great service and food. Nice change of pace from all the other restaurants in the French quarter. Crab cakes and tuna fish sandwich were delicious. My daughter who is very picky said the chicken tenders were the best she had. Was seated and serviced immediately. Friendly staff. Located in a quiet area away from all the chaos.Had the best shrimp and grits ever!! Server was excellent!  Would highly recommend without reservation?Good food, good prices. I had the mac n cheese and fried green tomatoes. Both were really good, I would come again. Bright cafe with a nice big window for people watching ;-) Walking distance to a lot of hotels nearby.I was staying at the Blake Hotel over the weekend so I decided to try Cafe by the Square for breakfast. The dining area is clean, well-lighted, and I was seated very quickly. Service was friendly, the food came out fast, and was cooked to order. The prices are very reasonable.
My only criticism was that while the restaurant is inside the Blake Hotel, it is not part of the hotel, and they do not share the same point-of-sale system. This may sound petty but is important for those who would like to charge their meal to the room and collect Choice Rewards points for staying at the hotel and dining in the facility.CRAB CAKES!! They are amazing!! They were huge and had no filler. Our server Mandy was super nice and knowledgeable. She over heard us talking about wanting to hear some music and she came to our table with some brochures of places around. She also recommended a few other places to eat!Best service and breakfast. I didn't have to add seasonings or butter to my food. We will recommend and return.Good spot for lunch . Had a delicious grilled red fish with crawfish for $20. Good meal with a good priceService was great, food is a hit and miss. The potato hash that came with my eggs benedict order is way over seasoned I can't eat them. They did offer me fries as replacement. Eggs benedict is good.Manager wouldn't allow a table of 8. Apparently they have one I repeat one big table for parties. Then when we asked the manager wanted us at a table of 6 and one table of 2, instead of our recommended two tables of 4. We walked out. Restaurant wasn't full so you would think they would accommodate us for the money. Won't return. Poor customer service for a New Orleans spot.This is the finest in NOLA breakfast foods. We stumbled upon this gem while just wandering to find food. I uploaded some photos to prove my rating on here. Just order anything and you won't go wrong!Cute little corner restaurant attached to Blake Hotel.  Wonderful menu, but also lots of daily specials.    Service was wonderful and quick.   They did not rush us when we stopped for breakfast which was refreshing.  They served decaf, which we found sometimes hard to find in New Orleans.   I had a BLT, which was served on a thick bread, with plenty of BLT.   My husband had an omelet which was ok, just cooked a bit too long so overly dry.   The breakfast potatoes were very good.   All food came out hot which is big on my list.
We liked it so much we went back a second time. I had the French toast with a fruit compote and it was great.   My husband had scrambled eggs which were cooked well and were fresh.Might have been better if we hadn't ordered it through grubhub. By the time it arrived it was cold. The chicken strips were questionable. Shaped weird and had some sort of green tint to them. The bacon cheeseburger was so dry it was inedible and the fries were barely cooked, floppy and cold.Pleasant little bistro off Lafayette Park - perfect for a relaxed Sunday morning breakfast. Staff is friendly and service quick (although they weren't busy). I had the Crab Cakes Benedict (an interesting variation on the theme) with potatoes and tomatoes - very filling and poached eggs done just right. Reasonable prices and unrushed atmosphere.The breakfast dishes are so tasty.  This is in the business district so if you are staying near Canal St. this place has no crowds on the weekend.  The french toast dish was very yummy.Recently was trying to get brunch here. Even though there were tables available, they chose not to sit us and had us wait. They were also not able to communicate how long the wait was was or answered any of our question in a promptly manner. I thought the staff in general came across as rude and uninterested.Awesome cafe. Stopped in on a hot afternoon and had a great lunch. My husband had the creamy crab and tomato soup which he said was absolutely fantastic. I had the crab cake entree which was delicious. The staff is friendly and prompt. Nice little restaurant for a simple meal.The cafe is a nice quiet spot for a terrific brunch. They know how to handle unruly crawfish and get them to cooperate in omelette form. They offer great service to boot!We ordered a grub hub delivery of the chicken tenders meal and a fruit bowl. Delicious and quick!!!The breakfast options here are extremely delicious with large portions. Today we are trying the loaded burger & other lunch specials.Excellent fried green tomatoes and grilled chicken sandwich. Relaxed atmosphere. Sweet potato fries awesome. Go here. Worth it. Period.Fried green tomato eggs benedict.  Service was a little slow and my food was only warm, but not hot.  They were not busy, so I don't know what's up with that.  
Food was tasty and the atmosphere was relaxed, but nice.  I would give it another try.  Maybe it was just an off morning.This place is a perfect hangover spot without the long lines. 
Conveniently located downtown and below the hotel we stayed at. 
Food is good and inexpensive. Staff is friendly.Very friendly staff and a good breakfast after visiting Bourbon St the previous evening. We had simple this morning, but will try the Shrimp and Grits next time!The food is ok... My Bf and I came here for breakfast, since it was the closest place to out Hotel. From all the places we ate in NOLA, this was my lease favorite. The service is HORRiBLE! They served us our food didn't come back and Check on us, then we finished our drinks, to top it off I had to walk up to our waitress  to get our check. Only place in NOLA, were the waitress's and servers were not happy! Terrible choice to come if it's you first time in NOLA, like it was mine. Bad experience!Great food on championship weekend. Also very fast & attentive. Must go if you have kids.I have come to New Orleans 4 times and every time I make sure I come to this breakfast spot. The service is great and the view of St. Charles is beautiful and calming! Start the day here for breakfast and you will not be hungry til dinner. The portions are significant and more than satisfying. My favorite dish is by special request the grits and andouille sausage with cheddar, nothing can compare! You will not regret the trek. Park on Poydras and walk in, you will feel right at home!Andouille eggs benedict with crawfish and grits = best breakfast ever. Seriously.. it was amazing.Terrible service. Cobb salad was great. French onion was so burnt, was shocked they served it. Waiter was rude and forget we were there despite there only being 3 customers.A hidden gem in the Big Easy. 
I went with the Sandwich of the day ... Grilled Chicken with cheese, sautéed mushrooms, grilled onions, and BACON. Chose the salad instead of fries. Wow. I've never had a bad thing here. The sandwich was $13.00. For the area, that's not a bad price. My coworkers went with the pasta of the day (pasta primavera, she said it was amazing), crab cakes (I'm getting this next time), and chicken tenders (they looked like solid chicken tenders, but this place has so much more to offer than chicken tenders). 
The restaurant has a wall of windows overlooking St. Charles Avenue. People watch while you eat. Right next to a Lafayette Square. Can't beat the location. 
Go in when you're out and about in the CBD. On the corner of St Charles and Poydras. You won't be disappointed!This cafe is located in the Business district overlooking the square.  The waitress was attentive and check on us several time throughout our stay.  
The atmosphere is crisp and clean.  The food was delicious and American fare.Food was ok. Server did not ask what we'd like to drink, but ice water was provided. They seemed understaffed. Would come back, but not a favorite.Excellent food, nice atmosphere and friendly service.    We had the crawfish omelette which was fantastic and priced reasonably.  We will be back on our next visit to New Orleans!We are in NOLA for a conference and the Cafe' by the Square was right across the street from the conference hotel. We went for lunch. I ordered the tuna sandwich and my colleagues ordered the fried green tomato BLT. The tuna was prepared nicely and as ordered, and the sandwich was excellent. The report from my colleagues was that the fried green tomato BLT was also excellent. 
The service was great, and we were seated right away. The atmosphere was very nice. I would go back. Highly recommended.Went here today for a quick bday lunch during work! The staff is always friendly and the food was great! Everyone loved their food, we had the Square burger, ham sandwich, oyster salad and the shrimp soup and the Crab BLT. Only problem was that we were a group of five and the waiter had quite a few problems with separating our checks and getting them correct.Good food. Good service. However, it was strange how every single non-white party (approx 5 of 25 tables) was seated on the fringe of the dining area, even when central tables were availablOrdered crab cakes with fries and side salad.  Food deserves 5 stars, but giving 4 stars for service. Phenomenal, meaty crab cakes. Got food to go while in town for a conference. Used Grub Hub to have it delivered to hotel. The fact that no utensils or condiments were included really spoiled a good meal because I had to go down to front desk for a fork, knife, & ketchup. Basics should be included with all to go orders, especially when ordered through a delivery service.While staying in town in November of 2016, we enjoyed dinner and breakfast here. The atmosphere was casual. There was bright lighting, which made my kids feel comfortable. They had simple menus with kid friendly options. For dinner one night was had salads, fried green tomatoes and chicken fingers. For breakfast we had biscuits and gravy, omelets, grits and eggs. Very good and very reasonably priced for this area of New Orleans.Went here for breakfast and it was a tasty breakfast both times we went as we liked it so much. The crab cake Benedict for $18 was delicious. Fruit plate was good as strawberries were in season and tasted good. Other visit had the special omelette which was also delicious and granola yogurt fruit brunch. It is not cheap but they make delicious breakfasts and coffee was good as well.We stumbled upon this place while checking out the parade route Ash Wednesday morning. It was a great find. The breakfast menu has a nice selection of entrees. The service was quick and friendly and the food was delicious. Definitely going back here.