Delicious out of the world beignets that can be washed down with the awesome coffee. It is a great tourist spot in the middle of the French Quarters and the seating are ample inside and outside. The service is fast but you have to speak up and get a hold of a server since they are super busy. But the servers are very friendly and the beignets are fresh, hot and delicious!!Very good beignets and solid cafe au lait! I have always wanted to check this place out and it has lived up to the hype !!!!!
Great place for a quick continental breakfast and also good for afternoon treat to give you a little energy!Great beignets and great coffee.  Quick service.  My only "complaint" was the noise of the boisterous staff.  It appears to be mostly young waitstaff who think that working there is one big party.  Maybe it is!  But we just wanted a quiet breakfast.Best beignets in New Orleans. The dough is just magnificent and they supply unlimited powered sugar. Don't forget to try the coffee! The notes of chicory is to die for. However, don't be surprised when you have to wait 20 minutes before getting in. This place is popping 24/7. And for a reason!We obviously had to go here on our trip to NOLA. It was fantastic, especially the beignets! The coffee was also great! It's definitely a staple of New Orleans, and you've got to stop in when you visit!This place was surprisingly not that crowed, me and a friend found a quaint table near the french doors and our order was taken immediately. We both ordered a serving of beignets, she also ordered a small carton of milk. The beignets were dense but fluffy at the same time (if that sounds right, lol). They were sweet but not too sweet, just right! They also serve the beignets with a small glass of water.All I can say is, wow! The beignets here are just amazing! The lines seem super long but for some reason no matter how far back you are on the line, you will wait no longer than 15 minutes to get your beignets. Pair that with their coffee and you've got yourself a tasty treat! Hot or iced, their coffee is bangin. Definitely recommend!Historic spot told by many to visit but I will be honest a little too much hype. Beignets were good with some cafe Au Lait and atmosphere was good - note it is ALWAYS packed so little advise find a seat ASAP even if table is not clean and wait for host to come by. EnjoyIf you never have visited, then you need to. It is a must. Open 24 hours a day. It is a little confusing when you would like table service. I dont understand how the servers, keep track. It is also strange that there are a ton of people working, mostly just sitting. It weird. But the beignets are delicious!!  It is definitely an New Orleans staple. I would not recommend using the bathroom, GROSS!!The best French donut ever!  Can't believe this place can sell only one food item only! And very successful. Definitely will come back to here next time! Just look at the line of people waiting outside! LolI was excited to come here and show my family an experience of a lifetime. It's not to often that a family trip happens and it's not cheap either. If I could give this place negative stars I would. The food is good but the servers are incredibly rude. Choose a different location!!If you enjoy donuts and have not tried a fresh and properly prepared beignet from Cafe Du Monde, you are missing out. A beignet is a square shaped pillow of a donut made of deep fried choux pastry. It's buttery and sweet, and employs moisture to steam and rise the pastry while cooking, resulting in a tender donut center. Beignets are refined donuts in that they are very light and sprinkled with powdered sugar, as opposed to being thick, cakey, heavy, and glazed. This cafe serves them so piping hot, they can be too hot to the touch. 
Some reviews complain about long lines and pastries that were not fresh. I have dined here several times and never had these issues. It is true that the seating and entire environment is not the most attractive, but there is a charm in this iconic and casual location. I cannot fault that the place is busy or that sugar litters a few tables because the beignets are absolutely delicious. I have tried various beignets throughout California, and have found not one that remotely compares to the ones here, even when made from the Cafe Du Monde beignet mix.
Freshly squeezed orange juice is sold here too.Overrated.  Crazy busy and not that special.  Yes you should walk by it to see it and know it, then head to their location on the river walk inside the outlet mall: it has tables outside on the patio overlooking the river and is peaceful instead of stressfully difficult to get service.The line is crazy but the beignets were good. They were a little smaller and chewier than the one at Cafe Beignet but still very good and comes out piping hot.I can honestly say everyone hypes this place. The only thing I would say is try it because it's just a nola thing (you have to stop by just to say you did it). I was warned that it wasn't good but I still decided to see for myself. True enough the warnings were right. The beignets were dense and heavy and not light and fluffy. They didn't taste fresh although the bag was very hot when I received them. I wouldn't get them again, but I wouldn't deter anyone from trying them. Also I had no idea that it was only beignets and coffee served. I was under the assumption that it was a full cafeA place everyone in NOLA needs to try. A bucket list cafe in a bucket list town.  Beignets. Sweet sugary fluff pastries that are indescribably good. Enjoy!Cool experience. The beignets were solid, but I could not see myself waiting in long lines for them I definitely agree that they are over hyped. The cafe au lait was a good cold treat after walking through the FQ. We sat inside and our waiter was not that friendly but I do give him props as its extremely chaotic there. Not sure I would come back since theres so much good food elsewhere but definitely worth it as a first timer.  The plus was that they are pretty cheap with three beignets about fist size for under $3!So good. I love his place super cute, quick service great prices great atmosphere. Highly recommened. Cash only.Went early Saturday morning around 7:30. They were not open yet so we waiting in line. Once we were allowed to sit outside we had to take the chairs off the table ourselves... Pretty gross.. 
Service is quick but unorganized. I was glad I got to visit though. 
The beignets are amazing so is the frozen cafe au lait! They have coke products and organs juice as well. I would like to visit again if I stop by.a must do in NOLA - great for people watching as the night wears on!  Beignets were very similar to funnel cake....but we tried it!Delicious and irresistible! Walked over on a rainy day with my boys and experienced no lines. Their house coffee with milk is delicious. A little on the sweet side but good. You can either sit and eat or take to go!This place gives me so much life! Not only are their beignets to die for, their coffee hits the spot. Always a must-visit when you're in New Orleans! Just make sure you're not wearing dark colors. Powdered sugar EVERYWHERE! But that's part of the fun right?Why is this place popular? Long lines, bad service, and they only serve coffee and beignets. The only upside is their location. And the restrooms are disgusting. Find another place to follow tradition.Hard to believe this has so few reviews and be such an institution. These are the best beignets in town. Far better than any other in the quarter. Cafe au lait too- yum. We always visit when we are in the quarter.UrSooooooo Delicious ! 
This place is landmark for a reason ... Simple menu . Delicious beignets !   And great for people watching ^_^Beignets were amazing but the service is no stars!  We waited for service and couldn't even get their attentions! DON'T sit inside!!! Take out had a long line but at least you get to eat.This place is definitely over rated. The line was short but once you're in the cafe it's every man for himself. You grab a seat and hope that your waiter will come soon. When our waiter finally came, no acknowledgment or smile whatsoever. My first thought was, " You must hate your job." When we finally got our beignets and cafe au lait, which I read about all over yelp and Pinterest, my expectations were high. Wrong! I was so disappointed. The coffee was watered down and the beignets tasted like a funnel cake with a butt load of powdered sugar. Nothing special. These are the places that you just need to try once and go on your sweet way to find something that's more worthwhile to spend your money on.So have already heard a lot before I even landed NOLA this was definitely the place I headed out first. The queue was till the road pathway but was quickly moving. The beignets were one of the best sweet food items I have encountered so far. Fried doughnuts with powdery sugar at the top was tge perfect blend. Was definitely worth the popularity of had and a must place to visit.
Food: 10/10
Service: 8/10
Ambiance: 7/10Don't waste your valuable time in here. The place is overvalued. Dirty and overcrowded all the time. Also, the beignets in here are not that good.Always delish! There's usually more sugar than necessary but that's quite alright with me!!! One is tasty and twos a meal-I cannot put all three down myself, but it's great to share :)Yummy beignets and iced coffee. We stopped here after visiting The Presbytere. Great treat! The beignets were warm and fresh and the ice coffee was the perfect drink to wash it down. Love the location too, right in heart of Jackson Square. Come by on your trip to the big east!Maybe it's a tourist trap but regardless I would willingly return back to this place.
The atmosphere of live jazz playing in the background, the hectic hustle of the workers, the hot hot dough of the beignet tearing as you bite into it and the sweet powder falling all over your face and onto your lap is what New Orleans mean to me now. One of the better food I've had here.I'm surprised at how a restaurant serving just one thing to eat can become soooo famous...., we had coffee, hot chocolate and beignets.... Everything tastes great....
There is always a long like but since they serve just 2-3 things it's pretty fast moving...SO GOOD!  I'm obsessed with their begneits (sp?)!  BUT they only take cash so make sure to bring cash or you will have to head over to the atm machine across the street.Delicious beignets, 3 for 2.50. They where hot & fresh. A must try in NOLA. Check out the fountain behind the building....Gross.  Gross. Gross.     Just look at the floor.  Holy cow.  How can this pass any inspection.??    Coffee.  Burnt. Bad. Nasty.  Period.   Donut thing?  Gross.  Cooked in what?   The effluent running down the street?   Price? Haha. Ridiculous.     Just save your time and your health and just say you went.    Pathetic.No trip to New Orleans is complete without a visit to Cafe Du Monde.  We lucked out and only had to wait a couple of minutes before a table was available.  
The cafe au lait and orange juice were good, and the beignets were tasty, but really, that much powdered sugar is just insane.  We left at least 3/4 of the sugar on the dish.
We also managed to complete breakfast without choking on the powdered sugar, so that's another win.Must go to place in New Orleans for cafe au lait and beignets.  Definitely not the best beignets or coffee we had, but it was still good. The service was quite fast- as soon as you sit down, someone is there to take your order and your food comes quite quickly.  It is cash only! 
The beignets did not seem to be the freshest.  They came almost immediately after ordering and were not warm.  They were also covered with about half an inch of powdered sugar.  I tried to scrape it off, but it was oil soaked and was a little difficult to remove.Love New Orleans and love Cafe Du Monde. It's a pain to visit early in the day, but the afternoon no line and hardly a wait! We were able to have a delightful snack! It is definitely a must see in NOLA.A must do!!! I prefer Cafe Beignet, but this place is an institution. Go late in the night and you'll avoid the crowds.Great time. Food and coffee were hot an delicious.  Quick service, table was clean. So glad I got to come during this trip.The coffee and hot chocolate are nothing special, but the beignets are a must have when visiting New Orleans.  So hot and loaded with powdered sugar they are like nothign else.Cafe du Monde is a New Orleans Institution and even after living here for a while I always crave some beignets and milk! It is really tourists and crowded during the day. A little less crowded during the week but the best time to go is at 3am after hitting up that bars on Frenchmen or Bourbon Street! It is very relaxing then and a perfect night cap.
If you are going to go during the crowded touristy times, go to the To Go window and get your beignets and drink of choice( mine is milk) and eat it in the square or on the riverfront. Make sure and take a bunch of napkins also because you will get powdered sugar ALL over you! But it is worth it because that are amazing!Great place to reenergize after a lot of walking. Lots of seating, background music from talented street musicians. The black coffee (not as strong as I imagined) paired well with the beignet (not as sweet as I thought). Be prepared to get powered sugar on you even if you don't go in.   Well worth the experience for touristAhhh, it is a plate of 3 pieces of sweet, sugary, warm doughy fried goodness in your mouth and fingers. Its quite messy, yet absolutely finger-licking good! These beignets are heaven! The place was packed and the line was long going down the block, but we only waited for about 10 minutes. The line goes by fast as its a quick eat- your-3-beignets-and-go type of place. Our waiter was very polite and committed to great memory of all our coffee orders. He even gave us a few extra beignets! ;) I recommend the large cafe au lait or coffee with chicory! It's strong, but so good! Definitely a "must go to" place for the best beignets in New Orleans. And Definitely well worth a cheat fail in your diet. :)I sampled these beignets and the ones from Cafe Beignet down the street. While the difference was only slightly discernible to me, I think I prefer these because they are less savory and the powdered sugar seems to stick better. The frozen cafe au lait was a nice treat to cool off during the hot sticky weather. Share one plate of 3 if you and your beau are moderate eaters-these babies are thick.The cafe is always busy, which isn't surprising. 
The beineits are very good. They remind me of a tastier, fluffy funnel cake. 
The hot chocolate was creamy and yummy. It also came at the perfect temperature. 
Be aware that this is a cash only business, but there is an ATM across the street.Great first time experience. The beignets were amazing and the coffee was spectacular. Its a must do when in New Orleans!!!Disappointment describes my experience here. Maybe it was a bad day. If you've ever had the tube biscuits that you can get at the grocery store fried up and powdered, we used to call them a poor man's doughnut when I was a kid, that's what these things tasted like. Heavy, greasy and buried with powdered sugar. The place and the tables were filthy because of all of the people with it being a touristy site. The table server seem to be more concerned with making sure I didn't run off without paying her than actually getting my order right. There has to be much better places to have a beignet  than here in my opinion. I was going to buy a T-shirt just for the hell of it and it was directed to the takeout window. I'm still not clear as to what all did not transpire but I left without a T-shirt.Wonderful coffee and beignets. They had 3 for $3.00 with lots of flavor. The service was ok. It was super packed. Price is decent. You must visit if you are in NOLAPlace lives up to its reputation, tasty beignets with tons of powdered sugar. Went around 10 pm on Sunday. Place was crowded but short wait.Long line to sit or to-go, but who wants to enjoy powder-covered yummy goodness on the go?! Take a sit, enjoy the food, enjoy the feel of NOLA, use lots of napkins!TIP: If you're coming here for he first time on a busy summer day, I hope you know that it is open seating so don't get overwhelmed by the crowds, just find a table that has their check and wait by their table so you can get theirs when they leave! When I came we were served very quickly and got 2 orders of the beignets! They were fresh and very good! Definitely a must if you're in the French quarter!The beignets were amazing. My mouth is still watering thinking about them and I hate doughnuts so that says alot.Huge tip: go and sit down without waiting. You don't have to wait at all. The people on the line is just following the pack but basically as soon as you find a seat, you can sit and not wait for someone to seat you. That's where the entire line is confused because the first person on the line is constantly just waiting for someone to seat them. Nope. Go and sit where you can.
Beignets are whatever. Coffee is whatever. Service is whatever. 
Why this place is so popular is just herd mentality and hype. I suppose if you just need to do something that everyone else has done whilst at NOLA, do it.Good times: great people watching, friendly staff (there was a young guy who was super friendly to us: helped my little 5 month old and I get to a sink to wash our hands), yummy fresh beignets, and great cafe Au laits).  Must do when you're in New Orleans.Gem of the city. I actually came down to Cafe Du Monde twice during my visit to New Orleans and I'm so glad I did - not only for the delicious beignets, which was doughy and served warm with powdered sugar and pair perfectly with their cafe au laits, but to also enjoy some people watching in Jackson Sq and to hear and be in the midst of the pulse of the French Quarter. 
Sometimes tourists draws can be disappointing, not so with Cafe Du Monde, the place is bustling with visitors and natives and the price is right for indulging in this treat. Also definitely grab your beignets to go and sit on a bench or stairs to people watch and listen to buskers sing and musicians jam.The visit to Cafe Du Monde was a must have experience. The Beignet's were good. However, in my opinion they are overrated. I have had better Beignet's at Grand Luxe in Long Island NY. I feel my experience was just okay and the taste of the Beignet's were just okay. It's something to do if you visit NOLA!Cafe DuMonte is the place to go for a late night snack the Chickory coffee is phenomenal, the Beignets outstanding. The same great taste that I remember from  the Sixties. A must for anyone visiting New Orleans.Drunk? Hungry? Stop here for some powdery fun fried puffs. 
Then you will be a little less drunk and a little more powdery :)This is my go-to spot for hot chocolate and beignets.  The combination is divine.  The service was great and we took some beignet mix home so we can enjoy them in between visits.Known for it's beignets and coffee I tend to like this place more for its historical appeal as well as the people watching made available in a densely traveled part of NOLA.  I could sit here all day with a few cups of coffee and just watch locals and tourists interact with one another.
Being Vietnamese, I find the beignets remind me of the "paired" fried breads you can get in the mornings with dim sum or noodle soup.  When I was younger, my grandfather used to pour me out a small plate of sugar and dip-away I would...  Fried bread and sugar... Sound familiar???
Coffee here is also good, although not great.  However, I am definitely more accustomed to Vietnamese coffee (Cafe Sua Da).  That's not to say I always enjoy my coffee incredibly sweet, however.  I typically like my coffee strong and black and sometimes sweet.Definitely a must when visiting NOLA. The beignets come in threes and cost a little less than $3.00. They are delicious and covered in powdered sugar. The freshly squeezed orange juice is an excellent choice as well.Must do in New Orleans. The sugar is everywhere and you will probablyl inhale it. Get an order of beignets per person. It's a cheap in in NOLA and well worth every minute of your wait.Beignets - o how I fell in love with them after my NOLA trip. They are soooo good! There was a long line for table seating but there was also another long line for the take out area. I think we definitely got seated faster than if we were at the takeout line. We ordered a plate of beignet which came with 3 of them, a coffee, a café au lait and a hot chocolate. I had the café au lait and that was so tasty but nothing can compare to the beignets. They were warm, chewy and not too sweet which is the perfect dessert for me. Service was also really good here. I am not even a huge dessert person but the very next day, we went to another Café du Monde inside the outlet because I wanted to eat more!!The line was not long at all (10mins for us). We really like the beignets and the coffee. Great little afternoon snack.One of my favorite, must go to places.  Delicious as always. Friendly staff and the live entertainment are worth while.  Could sit and watch for hours but others need a place to sit too.What can I say about Cafe Du Monde that hasn't already been said? I went SEVERAL times during my visit, and I would happily visit several more times.
Listen, the thing is that you really can't go wrong with decently fried dough and powdered sugar. It's messy and delicious and everything you want it to be.
This place *is* busy, but I wasn't too bothered by the wait. Also, I know everybody is here for the beignets, but I really enjoyed the coffee as well.We are early risers and went at 5 am when there was only one or two other couples in there. We felt rushed and like we were imposing. Again, the place was EMPTY!!! Seats and seats for days and days. I couldn't understand why we were so pressured to order right away. I said no, just coffee for now, and she comes back with the coffee and says something about ordering the beignets just a few short minutes later. Fine, lady! It was rude. Also, the milk tasted like it sat out for too long and it killed our stomachs after a few sips.Cafe Dumode for fresh Beignets! Happy tummy anytime of day! Seating is outside under the open porch. The fresh Beignets are lightly dusted with powdered sugar. It is a warm treat for all.Excellent, the only negative side is that they told me not to take pictures of the working area even though it is just in front of the bathroom entrance and I was in line. I would quote less than 5 for the way I was told but it would not be fair for the rest of the cafe that was amazingHow can you go wrong? I got there at 8:00AM and they were already open, even though the website, yelp page, and signs say they open at 8:30. So get there a bit earlier if you can. I also went on a Wednesday, so the crowds were significantly more manageable and overall a bit friendlier/easy-going. Get a cafe au lait with beignets and you can't go wrong.This is probably blasphemy for me to say but It seems like a cafeteria that only serves donuts.  The people who work there are like a conveyor belt serving the beignets and coffees.  Not really a whole lot of personality-just a hot spot for tourists.
Oh-how it works if you are new: if you find a table just sit down and someone will eventually come over to you.  They will either clean your table or ask for your order.  There is no frills for your coffee-it is a conveyor belt.  
You can also order it take away but beignets aren't terribly easy to eat while walking around.Being in New Orleans, I had to visit. I did the the to go option and was in and out in about 10 minutes. The Beignets were just right. Crispy on the outside, doughy on the inside and covered in powdered sugar. I had opted for the cold milk instead of coffee since it was late at night and it was the perfect choice. The beignets melt in your mouth and definitely a must if you want the NOLA experience.I was able to stop by Cafe du Monde for the first time during a recent trip to New Orleans. I got pretty much what I expected in terms of decor/atmosphere: the seats and tables were dingy, the service sour, and the whole place was overflowing with tourists. These issues quickly became irrelevant once I bit into one of their beignets. There is a reason this place is so popular - these may be the best donuts I've ever had. Fresh, hot beignets washed down with a decent mug of coffee (black to cut the sweetness, of course) = easy recipe for success.OMG!!!!! I could eat these everyday!!! Make sure you go here when in New Orleans. It's atmosphere is so full of life and happiness. Yummmmm beignetsBeignets are good, worth trying when you visit at least, but not mind blowingly awesome.  I didn't like the orange juice doesn't taste that fresh, prices are pretty good in my opinion.Great Beignets!! A beautiful fried donut served in 3's. Ordered our to-go from the counter and the bag was filled with powdered sugar. Best bites are when you keep dipping the beignet into the sugar as you eat it. 
Great location too, right by Jackson Square and the river front!First time in NO, so had to do it. Totally worth it. A nice break from the day topped by a sax player out on the sidewalk. A cool breeze, great coffee, a hot chocolate, a fabulous beignet, and some music. Perfect.Beignets and coffee after hitting up the Napoleon House for dinner. I didn't even have to wait in line.First time in New Orleans and everyone told me not to leave without visiting this place. They were not wrong!! Although it seems to never be empty the service was good. It was great to seat next to other tourists while seeing locals pass by and hearing jazz played in the background . The best coffee I had throughout the whole trip and let's not mention how goooooddd the beignets were . Loaded with tons of powered sugar but after walking around it provided a much needed sugar rush for a very cheap price !Not sure about all the hype. Awesome that they stayed open late. Beignets themselves were pretty good. Service was horrible however. We were sitting directly next to a table of about 7 servers who were just bullshitting with each other for a good 5-10 minutes or so while there were only about 15 customers in the entire place.  I finally gave up staring at them while drooling for donuts, and got up and walked to another server who was sitting down staring at us from about 20 yards away.  I asked him if we were supposed to serve ourselves and he said, "I'll get your server." About 30 seconds later he said, "oh, you're in my section." Three stars because even though the service was pretty horrible, we didn't really care too much cuz it was late and we just came for sugar and coffee.Love the coffee here.  Limited menu but great chill out/snack stop. Quick service.
I avoided peak times so I didn't wait in line.The place is a legend. Its really become to commercialized,  to crowded.  Try cafe beinget instead.  Cafe dumonde has a location outside the downtown without the crowds if you have a car and want to try it.  Check my cafe beinget reviewOur tourist stop of the morning! To start off, they only accept cash, i didnt see it posted anywhere until after we ordered and it was at the bottom of a small table top menu. Luckily I did have cash on me. 
Also this place looks packed all the time, but don't let it discourage you from waiting, the line goes very fast and there is lots of seating. The table turnover is very quick as you only have the beignets, coffee, and cafe-au-lait. My wait was less than 3 minutes.
The beignets are delicouse, soft, and crisp and the cafe-aa-lait was perfect. Very good, and well worth the calories.Great morning stop for beignets and cafe au lait!Disappointed at the cold milk (chocolate).. I got trumoo. Could have got it from the CVS nearby. 
The whole place is very busy. I don't see the  attraction.We had to do it.  It was my daughter's first time in Nawlins, it was cold and wet outside, so we jumped in line to get some coffee and beignets.  The line was super long and they only take cash but otherwise the coffee and beignets did not disappoint.Always great! Very consistent and just a great time! One of the best places to go in New Orleans!This is a nice place to get a sweet fix. I would only visit here during odd hours to avoid the wait. 
The service is slightly below average. No problems with the servers themselves but they are understaffed. 
I recommend ordering coffee in place of hot cocoa. Their  hot cocoa tastes like cheap Swiss miss packets.Café Du Monde is one of those must dos as a tourist for coffee and Beignets. The café first opened in 1862. Their coffee is combined with chicory. During the Civil War the people of Louisiana started adding chicory to their coffee  when  the Union Navy blockades cut off the Port of New Orleans which cut of their coffee supply from Haiti. Chicory was a cheap filler and had the same consistency of coffee.  If you like the coffee, you can buy a can to take home, along with beignet mix. The beignets (the only food item on their menu) are loaded with powdered sugar, which seems to get all over the place. Tastes good though. Very long lines, but they move fastJust can't go wrong with this famous café.  The menu choices are simple ... beignets and coffee or something (non-alcoholic) to drink.  We chose the beignets and coffee and they were really good.  Definitely a must-try place when visiting NOLA!!Their beignets live up to he hype! I was here almost everyday during my trip. Remember to bring cash, there is NO LINE so don't be a herd follower and get in line with the other tourists to wait for a table. A local tipped my boyfriend and I to walk straight in and sit down at an open table. The waiters/servers aren't seat hostesses and don't seat you/take your name for the next available table. 
We got our piping hot beignets and coffee in under 10 minutes! My only wish was they served their iced coffee with condensed milk -- Vietnamese coffee, now that would be perfection!I feel this place is overrated! The location of this place has created a big name for the business and definitely its word of mouth popularity. Firstly is was over super crowded, I had to wait almost like 20 mins just to grab a to-go coffee. But but to my disappointment when I reached the counter and placed my order I was just handed over my coffee ! What .. pre packed cups already ready. I took a coffee and a hot chocolate. There was nothing special about that coffee, it just tasted like instant coffee.  Just Ok. And even the hot chocolate. Coffee wasn't even hot!!! Left with a frown !!!It is what it is and that is mighty good. If you are going to do bad for you food this is an excellent choice.  Fried bread with lots of powdered sugar on top.  Coffee is lame and weak.as a tourist, it's definitely worth visiting since it is one of the most iconic places to go to when in New Orleans. you must order the beignets!!! I would also recommend the frozen cafe au lait. on a hot day, it was really refreshing.
Cafe Du Monde is open 24/7, so it wasn't very well kept. the floor was covered in powdered sugar, birds were all over the outside tables. staff were always taking turns going on break and sat in big groups chatting loudly at the tables in the cafe. it isn't the best cafe experience- I ate my food quickly and left.Beignets and frozen coffee were amazing! We went early in the AM and avoided the large lines and crowds, but it was almost full when we went,  and there was still live jazz right there.  It was perfect!This place was pretty good. As someone who doesn't really like sweets, the beignets were actually pretty good.not much else to say, the menu is sort of small, but that's ok.The Beignets were nothing special and the service left a lot to be desired. I also felt like the self-seating made for a tension-filled, rat race to find a table during a very busy time. The two stars is for the hot chocolate.Who doesn't love Cafe du Monde?  It's one of my must visits any time I am in NOLA. It can't be beat for beniets!Sooooooo good. Went early in the morning with few people there. Quick service and amazing beignets . Only take cash and no credit cards. Definitely a great place for a simple taste of New Orleans culture.Cash only. The original Cafe Du Monde across from Jackson Square. Be prepared to stand in line for awhile, and get powdered sugar all over your face, shirt, and pants. They have two different lines: one for take-out and one for dining in. There is also a third line for bathrooms, and there are literally two stalls for the entire restaurant... they get pretty gnarly. The beignets are crunchy on the outside, doughy on the inside, and teaming with sugar. An order comes with 3 of them, and they're really good for sharing. If you need souvenirs, they also sell t-shirts, aprons, coffee tins, pins, and boxes of beignet mix.Great place but just know that the menu is limited to coffee and baignets.... that's it.I've been coming to this place since I was a really little kid! I grew up about 45 mins from NOLA and we would come to the city quite often to shop and just walk around. I've eaten here so many times and it's always the same! Delicious!!! You just can't beat fried dough with powdered sugar and café au lait!! It's always good and it is one of my most favorite places to go when I come to visit!The ORIGINAL location for Cafe Du Monde.  Open 24 hours.  When it's open 24 hrs, I don't see a reason to wait.  Shared one order of beignets and that was enough for two people in my opinion.  The beignets are fluffy, sweet, soft, warm and delicious.  Try dipping them in a cup of cafe au lait.  A must have duo in New Orleans.Cafe Du Monde is a must stop if you are in NOLA! Once you are sitting there with some powdery hot beignets and an iced coffee, all of those reviews on how touristy places stink will go right out the window and you won't care at all. Be ready to stand in line if its late in the morning or a weekend. If you're an early riser there was no line when we went at 8am on Monday. If you walk around to the back there is a shorter to- go line. Enjoy and be proud of your "touristy" beignet ! It's so worth it!Don't wait to be seated. A local said to sit at an open table and you'll be served. If there is a line that fictions because it's an open table seat yourself policy! Sat down. Was helped within 2 min by A server named Ploy- who is a sweetheart. We were served within 8 min(because I timed it). I was surprised at the fast service considered the other tourist complaints of the wait. The beignets were delectable. The coffee was the best I had considered the airport tragedy early. Go here. Especially after drinking a few.This is my third time here and it never fails! The hot gooey bits of dough with that mess of white powder is worth every cent!  Will always be back when making a trip to New OrleansIt was alright here. I thought it would have some feeling and look of a French cafe. It looked more like a cafeteria.  And it was dirty. The beignets were good but they weren't like superior than others. Cafe Beignet had good beignets too. So just done get your hopes up. But go to say you've done it.It was my second visit  in New Orleans last weekend when I anticipated trying the beignets from Cafe Du Monde . I was honestly disappointed. They were not soft nor fluffy . It was crunchy and hard. It could have just been a bad batch, but I didn't enjoy it . I would be willing to try them again though. Hopefully it will be a better experience. They are quick with service and their waitstaff is amazing , but the beignet wasn't satisfying.3 stars because the beignets and cafe au lait was yummy. 
That being said, I didn't feel like it was worth it. Definitely an overhyped tourist trap. The place is completely packed, and the staff don't seem motivated to bus the tables. You have to literally grab the first empty (dirty) table that you see and sit and wait until someone notices you (it might take a while).  The waitress was not at all friendly... We felt completely rushed, as if they couldn't wait for us to leave and turn over our table. So much for enjoying the moment!
All in all, I saw LOTS of places in the French quarter that featured beignets. Trust me - go to one of those places. I wish I had!This was our first time in New Orleans for Mardi Gras and I love love this place! We had (of course) the famous beignet and it was fantastic! I paired it with cold chocolate milk (which came from a box carton but that's okay) and our friend had cappuccino! The atmosphere and the view was awesome. Definitely one of the highlights while we were in New Orleans. It's the BEST place to satisfy our drunk cravings lol can't wait to go back here!Love this place! Excellent start to the morning! If you enjoy coffee and beignets, this is the place to get them any time of day.This place is waaay overrated! Waste of time. There is soo many awesome options for breakfast with n the French Quarter. Save your time and money.Crazy long lines on a Saturday morning! Wow! We almost bailed for another place but a worker came up and asked if we would like to put an order in to go thanks guy:) Got an order of beignets (obviously). Beignets were tasty but they went super overboard with the powdered sugar. They sell the beignet mix at store which is also the same mix available at Cost Plus World Market.Beignets AND atmosphere were just not great here. Dirty & noisy. Beignets here were very dense inside. Kind of like funnel cake. I preferred the beignets from Cafe Beignet. Plus Cafe du Monde packs just way too many tables/chairs together. Can say I ate at Cafe du Monde...now no need to go back.Legendary for a reason. We just did the classic beignets and cafe au lait. 
The wait is crazy so we opted for the quicker moving take out line. 
We sat down on the benches just outside the patio and enjoyed the company of a couple of other tourists while we enjoyed the afternoon treat.Everyone told me I needed to come here and get the beignets. These little puffs of heaven did not disappoint. I didn't go in the morning because the line was too long. I was a bit confused though because it says they're 24/7 but they were putting chairs up on the tables like they were going to close.What more can i add that hasn't been said? Amazing beignets in an amazing part of an amazing city. So worth the hype and it's no wonder I came here everyday I was in New Orleans.If you do nothing else in New Orleans, THIS is the visit you must make. Located in the heart of the French Quarter alongside the Mississippi River, under a green and white stripped awning with simple tables and chairs that can accommodate a party of 2 to 10 at a moment's notice. Wait staff run this place like a mill, as you will see the line to get in stretches down the block. However, once you are seated,  time stops as you leisurely enjoy your dense and delicious beignets and cafe au laits. Maybe it's the ambiance,  maybe they include magic in the batter, but I guarantee you, you will hit this place multiple times if you are in the area. Beignets come in threes. Split them among your party. AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, DON'T WEAR BLACK!All of the natives recommended coming here! I love that it's open 24/7 because our days were so jampacked with doing other things, we couldn't come here until close to midnight-- It was still pretty busy for that time. The beignets were good. It was my first time having it so I can't compare it to any others.Best beignets in town! Highly suggest to visit this place when in town. Though the outdoor seating is hot, the service is quick. Make sure to beat the lines and seat yourself once an open table is available!Definitely worth waiting in line for. Nothing better than a beignet with cafe au lait for breakfast in New Orleans. Service was a little disappointing. They seat you at a dirty table and we had to wait forever before they cleaned it. It was so hectic i didn't know if they would ever take our order. But still a must visit.The must try beignet and coffee mix in New Orleans, and this establishment has been here serving local and tourists since 1862. While walking around French Quarter area, take a break, sit down and drink coffee with some sweets, very relaxing and peaceful.Great place and service was excellent. We had one order and it was fast. The beignets were fluffy and not greasy.This place is a dump. Total tourist trap. The donuts are tasty but I was very underwhelmed by the dirtiness and theme park atmosphere. Go once and never again. Who has a cash only restaurant in 2013?Great cafe & excellent beignets!!! Fast & courteous service. Lovely place. A must when in NOLA.Cafe Du Monde was a haven to me after suffering through too many overpriced, pretentious, or downright disgusting meals during my recent trip to New Orleans. 
I never experienced a long wait for service the way others on here have, but that may have something to do with our choice to visit it at 11pm one night and 2 am the next. It was the perfect end to each night.
After hours of walking the city, there was no better refuge than the patio at Cafe Du Monde, an iced coffee, and a plate of beignets. 
The service was fast and the wait staff friendly. More importantly, the beignets were crusty on the outside, soft and warm on the inside, and doused in enough powdered sugar to make any kid squeal in delight. 
I have only been back home for 3 days but I already miss Cafe Du Monde...THE Cafe du Monde.  What a zoo at dusk after the Bayou Classic.  The to-go line was so long it was unfathomable.  The seating area was utterly jammed, and the sign said a waiter would take your order.  Powdered sugar on every possible surface.  Luckily, I had no idea of the protocol, and asked a staff member what to do.  "Find a table and your waiter will clear and take your order."  
After finding a table near the building, I went in search of one nearer the street band.  I caught some people getting up and found one near the railing.  My party joined as we chatted with the table next us.  Turns out they had come over the rail, and nabbed their table.  As we waited for a waiter, it became clear that there was a line of folks waiting to be seated.  We had completely cut the line - my bad!
Hmmm, would we get served or would we get booted?  I tracked down a waiter delivering an order to a nearby table, and he said he would be rignt with us.  4 orders all around.  5 minutes later hot beignets and my au lait.  Hot fried dough, baayybee!
This place is a great scene; utterly crammed, music on the street, in the center of the action.  Luved it!Maybe it was it was a little over-hyped by friends. Good coffee.The cafe au lait and the beignets are amazing!!!! The line was long but moved very quickly and we were seated within less than 10 minutes.Yes, it's all the rage!
The dine in line takes about 15-20 to go through. Cash only
I never went into the to go line because I love the ambiance of it.
Everything is good, but I burnt my tounge on their hot chocolate, it was in a to go cup......not cool. But I would fly out here just for this place. No joke. One day......My God.  So good.  If I lived here I would be so overweight with cavities galore. The beignets are  hot, covered in powdered sugar, and sinfully good.  If you get there it may be crowded especially in the summer months but the lines move fast and the tables clear up fast too.  No frills really other than the beignets themselves, but I never miss stopping by when I'm in New Orleans.So I'm not sure how it's possible that some of the reviews aren't positive, but some of them had me thinking this wouldn't be worth it. Wrong! 
I'm basing my review on two morning visits. The beignets were hot and fresh each day and I did both sit down and take out. 
The cafe au lait was piping hot, like too hot, but luckily a friend asked for them in to-go cups (this was our sit down visit) so when we finished we could load them up with sugar and hit the French Market. 
On my to-go visit we waited about 25minutes in line but we had no big plans so it was fine. We took ours to a bench in Jackson Square and were delighted to meet a photographer who was waiting to capture an engagement-so cute! On this visit I went with iced Cafe au lait and avoided burning the roof of my mouth and tongue a second time. 
If you're visiting New Orleans for the first time, this is a when in Rome situation - go! Because everyone is going to ask you if you visited.Good beignets... but if they want to stay real and true to French the Hot chocolate should not be instant! Should be with real hot milk and coco..Tried their coffee, hot chocolate, and beignets.  It was good overall.  Nothing surprisingly great.  This was our first time there.  It wasn't busy and one of the workers told us to find a table and a server will wait on us.  The menu is posted on the napkin holder.  After the waitress serves you your order, she expects you to pay right a way.  That was a bit unexpected.  So now you know.A must stop on a trip to New Orleans. A great place to start the day or drop in for a snack.The only reason to stop in is based on the history. It has been around since 1860s.  The beingnet was good but not excellent. The service was abrasive. The place is filthy! It is popular but can't believe people came back after initial visit.Traveling cross country, had to come to the famous cafe du monde home of the famous beignets! Went for a morning walk from our hotel, found it with ease. Line wasn't too long. What they sell is only beignets coffee and some juices like OJ. Overall, really enjoyed the beignets, they're covered in powered sugar! Coffee was above average. It was more about the experience of enjoying it with the family. Would go again.Came here several times during my stay in NO. The beignets were fresh, hot, delicious and topped with a pound of powdered sugar... basically heavenly morsels of fried, sugary dough that surely ruined my New Year's resolution to lose a few pounds. The cafe au lait is also fantastic and a must for any coffee drinkers. 
The one thing to keep in mind is that Cafe Du Monde is open 24/7 so if you see a long line, just come back another time. Early in the morning or later on in the evening and you won't have to deal with the line though I hear it typically moves pretty fast if you can't find another time.No matter how long the lines are, either for the diner or for the "to go" line, it is worth waiting in line!  The lines moved pretty fast.  The first morning we were in NOLA, we hit Cafe du Monde "to go" line and only waited for 5 minutes.  While waiting in line, we notice the diner wait line seemed to move quite well too.  
Now let's move to the beignets and cafe au lait (aka coffee and chicory w/ half and half & steam milk). The square beignets are hot, soft, and chewy, covered with powder sugar.  Cafe au lait is coffee and chicory w/ half & half and steam milk.  The cafe au lait went down well with the beignets, the powder sugar beignets adds the perfect sweetness to the raw cafe au lait!
This is a MUST visit and multiple time too!What can I say? It's Cafe du Monde! The beignets were amazing. The coffee in all it's forms was wonderful. Both my sister and I have worked for coffee shops and had zero complaints. We had cafe au laits the day it rained, ice coffee the next day, and frozen cafe au laits on the beautiful sunny day after that... yes. We went 3 times in a 3 day trip. I regret nothing. It was delicious and a freaking bargain. Make sure to bring cash as they don't take cards. And make sure to visit the gift shop located across the street (leave plenty of room for purchases in your carry on!) It was everything I dreamed it would be. Cannot wait to go back someday!It's no secret that this is a very touristy stop in New Orleans. That being said, it's still worth adding to your trip, as it's an easy way to find fresh and delicious beignets. People forget that it is open late, so I definitely recommend adding this to your list of things to do late at night (we went after hitting up bars on Bourbon Street) so that the line had dined down, and we were served right away. This is a definite stop on any trip to New Orleans!Cafe Du Monde is a must for those traveling to New Orleans.  Beignets here are a unique pastry and Cafe Du Monde is in the heart of the French Quarter.  Whenever I go I enjoy the coffee and beignets.
That said, most of what is said in the negative reviews is true, it's just a matter of how much you care about those detractors.
For example, it is true that Cafe Du Monde is pretty grimy.  You'll realize why once you start eating your beignets as powdered sugar spills all over your hands, the table, and your clothing.  You'll want to wash your hands after you finish and you'll try to find Cafe Du Monde's tiny, janky bathroom located in the back right next to the kitchen.  After 5 minutes you'll finally get there only to find a line that you have to wait in as servers rush past you with coffee and beignets.
Whenever I go to Cafe Du Monde I expect these things, and ultimately they are not that important to me.I'm not a coffee drinker but knew I had to check out this icon on my recent visit to New Orleans. Their hot chocolate was amazing as were their powdered sugar donuts! The coffee drinkers in our group loved their coffee too. The to-go line was incredibly long but moved quickly and was completely worth waiting in line. We even bought a souvenir mug to bring home. Such a nice touch that they sold those! Definitely stop and check this place out anytime you are in the area!!Coffee is excellent, French doughnuts very tasty and not much sweet. Atmosphere is great and service very fast and friendly.If I was judging just based on the food, then it is okay. Coffee is fine. However,  if u add the common madness of the place, with tons of peo people,  long wait, bad service,  then this place should have 3 stars at max.It's just fun place to come because it's so famous. On my trip we ate there 3 times and each time it's different. Its very inconsistent. 1st is puffy but so dense inside. 2nd time is flat and 3rd time is just erg. Decent cafe au lait cause it's pre-made in big container. 
Try not to use the restroom if you Can hold it and go else where. If you go before you eat you will lose your appetite but if you go after you eat you might want to throw up. It is smelly and dirty. 
Other then that have fun since you are in New OrleanCash only, no drama place with great coffee and fresh warm beignet. This place can get busy at times but during the weekdays, it's a great family friendly cafe. Love it!Okay sweets are not really my thing but coming to NOLA for the first time, I had to try beignets. Pretty much was like a thicker funnel cake. I would recommend going to the take out window inside and getting your bag o' beignets to go with an iced coffee (excellent!) and sitting by the river or in Jackson square.This place. Heaven. Only serves coffee and beignets but what more do you need!?! The beignets are sweet warm goodness that are AMAZING! Staff is meh but it doesn't even matter when you get these babies in your mouth! Aaaahhhh!!!! Sugary delights! A must go to when in New Orleans. Also cash only.I couldn't come to New Orleans and not come to this place! From my uncle, cousins, to ppl in the hotel said this is the place to go. My cousin and I walked from our hotel to here(10 mins walk). First, we were on line for about 10 mins before we figured out we can just walk in and grab a table lol. It's VERY busy! The live music outside tho!!! Definitely makes up for even standing on line to begin with lol. The beignets are a lil messy because of the powder they put on it but it's really good. The coffee was ok. But then again, I'm not a big coffee drinkerHow can you go wrong, New Orleans, Jazz on the sidewalk. Chicory coffee and Beignets! I make sure and go here every time I am in New Orleans. I don't care if it's touristy. I care about the good food! Yes, it's chaotic, but that adds to the charm of the whole place. So much fun and so good!It should really be 2.5 stars.. 
I had heard that I "had" to go here when I visited New Orleans.. So, we went.. 
Wait - The line for a table was around the corner but moving fast.. We had some 50 people in front of us, but we got a table in less than 10 mins..
Service - It was a little slow because the place was so busy. Our waiter came by to clean the table (which had sugar all over it because of previous customers - I'm sure we left it in the similar state). He left us alone for couple mins and took our order. Came back after 15 mins with our food, we paid right then and then the waiter was never to be seen again. We wanted another glass of water, didn't get it..  
Food - Its OK. But, then again, a beignet wasn't what I was expecting. I was expecting a donut like thing. Instead this is just fried dough (kinda like you'd get at street fairs) with lots and lots of sugar. These guys sell so many of them that ours didn't seem very fresh and hot. We like the ones at Cafe Beignet ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-beignet-new-orleans-2#hrid:Tcw5Nuak4pDdKiaHiZkMWQ ) better. 
But, for people that are going to NOLA for the first time, this is definitely a place to go to check the box. And, its not expensive at all.Always busy and even lines of people waiting to find a seat
I had a black coffee and the popular beignets, but that was not impressive at all.Quintessential New Orleans stop. Best enjoyed at night when not as many people are out. Fried pastry with powdered sugar and coffee? What could be better after a night of walking and drinking??I mean, you know, it's pretty good. Beignets aren't too sweet and have nice texture, and an order of three is generous for the price. I like the simplicity and overall vibe. The coffee is a thumbs down for me, but I admit to having certain characteristics that some might call "snobbery" (I like to think of it as geekiness). It's overpriced and not at all pleasant, just passable.
Overall, I think it's the iconic nature of this place that has a mysterious ability to convince your brain to want to think that it's better than it actually is, which I find to be interesting. I somewhat expected this so I lowered my expectations before going and they were met at that exact lowered level.
I'm sure this place was mind blowing in its younger years. But like many other restaurants that acquire alot of hype, it's possible that the initial level of quality has become unsustainable as its popularity has skyrocketed. And that, well, is just bittersweet. 
It honestly may not be worth your time if there's a long line, depending on what type of person you are. If the line is short, take some beignets to go and find yourself some good coffee. Or just do the bucket list thing. Just do what you want honestly.
I don't even write reviews so what am I doing here.Really great coffee is here. I'm not a great fan of pastries. But I can eat these. 
If you go to NOLA, This is a place that you must do.!Perfect coffee place with good music, open seating . Good place if you are a sweet toothII've heard tons about Cafe Du Monde; it's supposed to be a must stop whenever visiting New Orleans. Well because I hadn't paid much attention to what beignets are, I kind of walked in blind and expected to be blown away. Well I wasn't. Plain on funnel cake that you can get at any amusement park. But what blows me away is this place was PACKED. Nothing spectacular here. I guess if you like funnel  cake you would love it . As side note, the restrooms are filthy!There are literally no words.. best beignets, little pillows of deliciousness. FAST service and great location!!! Right next to Jackson square. The beignets are perfect with a cup of cafe au lait (coffee).日本発の飛行機内でたまたま「Chef」という映画を観た。
　このカフェで熱々のベニエ（まあ揚げドーナツみたいなもんだ）を買って歩きながら親子が食べる。粉砂糖が指に付いたら舐めながら。それがまた旨そうなのだ。
　と思いつつニューオリンズに着き、この店に向かうことにした。24時間364日営業らしい。
　映画で観たのと全く同じ店構え。テーブル席は客があふれていた。テーブル席はあきらめてテイクアウトの列に並ぶと、回転が速くすぐに買えた。食べ物はベニエのみ、飲み物もカフェオレをhot/iced/frozenから選ぶだけ。
　しかしこれは旨かった。映画さながらに指をなめつつ食べ、合間にカフェオレを飲む。それで甘過ぎもせずあっと言う間に食べ終わる。
　頼むなら必ずセットで。Never eating beignets anywhere else again. AMAZING! Definitely worth a stop by. Cafe au lait was nice to wash them down on a cold day.If you've never been to Cafe Du Monde you have to go here at least once for the history and the experience.
The beignets really are quite tasty and I love them.  
But then that's it.  The open area cafe is kind of cute but it's really dirty and sticky because of all the scattered sugar and spilled coffee.  And depending on when you go it can be really crowded and loud.  
I actually prefer to go to the smaller Cafe Du Monde locations around town because they're more pleasant and definitely cleaner.This is definitely the place to go for beignets and coffee! There is usually always a line but fortunately it does go fast. The beignets are so soft! My only complaint is that i wish they gave us something to pour powder sugar on top of our beignets rather than they do it because sometimes i wish there wasn't so much sugar. It is a choking hazarded if you aren't careful inhalingYummy in my tummy!!!!!! Definitely a must! I thought I would be able to finish my beignets but was only able to eat 2 of the 3. Had to take the last one to go with me which I finished a few hours later. Didn't taste the same as when it's fresh but still delicious! Absolutely affordable and tastes great! Just thinking about it now makes me want to go back.Beignets for Days!!! Visiting NOLA and you know this is the first stop we have to make.  I've been here several times and it never disappoints.  Simple easy menu.  The wait may intimidate you but don't worry, line moves fast! I always get the cafe au lait for the adults and hot chocolate for the kids and beignets, beignets, beignets!!! Best way to eat the beignets is to first dip them in your coffee and then dip it in the excess powder sugar on the plate and then eat! MELT IN YOUR MOUTH!!!This is a must do when in New Orleans. The coffee is delic and the beignets are a must have. The amount of powders sugar that goes through that place is astounding. It is usually very crowded especially on weekends, but worth the wait, or you can just pick up at the window and eat in the park. Loved this place.I recently shot with a photographer from Texas who wanted to capture the "essence" of New Orleans, so of course he wanted to shoot at Cafe Du Monde.
Cafe Du Monde is more than cafe au lait and those beignets we all love so much, it's a New Orleans "must".  It's one of the first things people want to go when they are visiting the city and rightfully so.  
When I go, I personally like to sit inside, but I know that most people prefer the experience of the patio.  The patio gets extremely packed, especially at night when tourists are walking around, but it is still worh the experience.
I think that one of my favorites is their frozen Cafe Au Lait.  I love it so much, I'll even go to the Cafe Du Monde located at the mall just to get my hands on it.  It's soo good.This is THE place to get a great the coffee and order of beignets in NOLA.  This was my third time coming back to this place (and truly missed), and took my best friend to check out this spot.  The line was INSANELY long, but seriously...it's worth it!  
The time that I took my friend, we ended up getting a table in no time, and the people came by to clean the table really quickly.  I order us each a plate of beignets and the cup of coffee...it was the perfect combo.  The scenery was perfect because of the jazz music playing, street filled with cars driving and honking, the number of tourist passing by...it's New Orleans.  The beignets are covered in the fine powdered sugar and just fresh out of the kitchen along with their cup of cafe au laits - which is THE combo you need to try.  It was just great, I cannot express it enough in words.
We came here once and I order a few orders to bring home and share with my friends.  I brought my own ziplock bags to bring home the goodies in my carry on bag.  It was still fresh the day after I brought it home and delivered them. hahaha - don't judge me, sharing is caring!!!  Overall, this place is a MUST TRY at least once during the visit.  I've came to this spot back in 2009, 2013, and 2017....I guess the next time I'll be visiting again is 2021, haha.I want to take this cafe home to CT and go there every day. I went earlier today and it was not as busy because it was raining. I ordered hot chocolate and beignets and just had the best oral experience ever. I plan on going everyday before I leave here. The staff sucks though, only downside.What is it about Cafe Beignet that people prefer over CDM?  I don't understand. Cafe du Monde has The Best au lait and The Best Ever beignets - hot, moist, sublimely sweet - they get you to your core. Cafe Beignets are dry, hard, and basically taste-free. Ok, if you like that kind of sweet treat. So what if it's touristy - they're just people away from home. Haven't you ever been one?Well it is a NOLA institution. So you have to go and try it because everyone will want to know if you went.  Fried dough with a bunch of powdered sugar and so so coffee.  
I had a savory beignet at another place and thought it was much better.Good beignets- cool atmosphere. Not too much else to say. The lines are ridiculously long if you go for breakfast, so save yourself some time and visit in the afternoon or evening.So you've had the delicious beignets across the street and now you want to get some batter of your own or a shirt to remember your trip?
Well this is the place.  It's just across the street from the original Cafe Du Monde.  The traffic through this are is much less dense, so you can walk around and browse.
This is where I got my memorabilia.Being that this was my first time in NOLA it was a must that I tried the beignets and blended iced cafe au lait. They both did not disappoint!
I am not a huge dessert or sweets fan, so I probably wouldn't make this a regular experience BUT the beignets are slightly crunchy on the outside with a soft doughy like center. They are covered and I mean COVERED with powdered sugar and served warm. The blended iced cafe au lait is very tasty as well but for a non coffee drinker like my self it was a little stronger.
The outdoor seating is nice but can be very hot.Tip. Come here after 8 pm and you wont have to fight the ridiculous lines and fighting over tables. We came here twice, once around 2 pm (packed) and at 830pm. Service is quick and the beignets are delicious. Cafe au lait and black coffee were worth it. You'd have a for sure seat after 8. Best way to satisfy those drunken food cravings.Got here around 1am and there were still decent number of ppl. Table seating is sort of like help yourself as in if you see an open table just claim it even if dirty cuz they will come clean it immediately. Each order comes with 3. Very delicious. Eat it while hot cuz once cooled it's not the same. Very friendly service. Highly recommend!Yes it's a a place all of us tourist go to, but it's worth the 20min to stop and enjoy.  Coffee was good and the beignets were ok.  It's still worth the stop just to people watch and enjoy the experience of New Orleans.Our first stop of our day and our last stop of the day during our WHOLE vacation. Can't get enough of the beignetsI read the reviews prior to coming, and that likely led to my excellent experience. The place is open 24/7, so if one doesn't like to spend hours in line, or to deal with the commotion, just avoid weekends 8 AM - 2 PM, and you're golden. I went on Wednesday around 8 PM, and there was no wait for a table. The wait staff were assigned four tables each, and I was the only one in my section for a bit, so I got to chat with my waitress, and my service was very quick. The Cafe Au Lait (which I always thought was written as "Cafe Ole") with the beignets set me back roughly $5.35 + tips, and were wonderful. The coffee was unsweetened, but with the amount of powdered sugar on the beignets, it was perfect. I was very happy that I went, and I recommend this to anyone thinking about going. Just avoid the aforementioned times, and enjoy it as an after dinner snack with a decaf Cafe Au Lait.I love this place because it's delicious and simple. The lines can be long sometimes, but well worth the wait .... You can get Beignets other places in New Orleans, but the atmosphere and experience here truly sets it apart. The cafe au lait is great too ... Must do in the big easy.New Orleans Staple, togo line may be long but the wait isn't. Know what you want before getting to the window or you'll be greeted with an impatient cashier, other than that, beignets and a cafe au lait or hot chocolate cancel out the rudeness.Insanely long Disney Land style lines. But don't worry, they move really fast. 
This place is simple, and in the good way, with no unnecessary menu options.Had very high hopes for Café Du Monde and it didn't deliver. Very overrated. Beignets at Grand Lux beat these by a mile though the hot chocolate and coffee were great. Trying Cafe Beignet tomorrow.We couldn't get any service.  It was busy, but there were plenty of open tables.  We sat at a table that had 7 employees posted up on the wall next to it chatting.  Sat there for almost 10 minutes and no one acknowledged us.Yep. As advertised. Great coffee and beignets. Get there early.I have to be honest and I might make some enemies but this place was really bad.  First it was packed, smelly and sticky. It was more crowded and smelled worse than bourbon street.  Service was horrible. Coffee was decent. And you could not find the beignet under four feet of powdered sugar. 
Imagine a beer tent at an Octoberfest but no beer and no brats. Was told it was awesome and I could not have been let down more. 
Go ANYWHERE elseAwful experience, the place is a mess. No one is welcoming you at the entrance, you apparently are supposed to grab a dirty table and wait 20 mins for someone to clean it up and hopefully someone will show up to take an order. We got confused and did the take away line and a waiter came to complain that wasnt the procedure. This place is Overrated and has an awful service. Not worthyInsanely long Disney Land style lines. But don't worry, they move really fast. 
This place is simple, and in the good way, with no unnecessary menu options.I loved the coffee and the Beignets, but the service was horrible, we wanted to get more and never got serviced I'm used to leaving the tip after the entire service not after a single order... other than that would have been a five starThis place is a New Orleans icon, tourists come here because it's been told that this place is "the" place to get a beignet and coffee. 
This might have been true years ago, however currently their beignets and coffee suffer due to the masses. This once reveled coffee shop is now just a very pricey tourist trap to take your money. And they don't have very good customer service. 
Let it be known that beignet is French for doughnut, and they serve these with a mass of powdered sugar on top. I'm not a fan of these beignets at all. It reminds me of funnel cake. 
Now the coffee is also not anything to praise, as it's supposed to have chicory flavoring. This coffee had less chicory than other places. It's fairly watered down. Again this is to ensure they have enough to serve the masses. 
Also, this well known tourist trap only takes cash...strange how this shop only takes cash yet it's been around and serves thousands of people a year...
Anywho please skip this joint. There's a much better place down the street. It's called Cafe Beignet. They also treat you fairly there and can give you some help if you have any questions about the city.Finishing up my review from a tip: Excellent, can't really complain much, I mean, yes the long line suck if you going for take out. What a lot of ppl don't know is that you can just walk in and find a table yourself and a waiter will come serve you. Majority of ppl think you have to stand in line to be seated lol. Excellent !!do not wear black to this cafe - powdered sugar will coat you like the sugar plum fairy
expect to leave looking like a cocaine addict 
but feeling good
yum for sureWorth the hype! We walked up and easily got a table around 7pm- highly recommend for dessert :) Cash only.One of the places "you gotta go to",  The service was fast and efficient.  You pay when they deliver the food and make change "on the spot" so be ready.!
The prices are surprisingly low, especially when you consider how much hype this place gets.
They are open all night!
Gotta say, I have had better beignets.  These were good but a bit heavy.Seriously? What is all the ruckus about? It's funnel cake. It just isn't that good and it certainly not worth the wait. C'mon sheeple.A New Orleans classic! You can't come to Nola without stopping here. The price is exceptional for what you get. They're cash only so consider yourself warned. It's also usually packed to the gills with people (especially in the afternoon) so finding a clean table may not be in the cards. Pack your face with as many of the luscious, flakey, moist, beautiful creations as you can. If you go during the day don't expect the staff to be super friendly (or speak great English) because it's packed and they are always running around in a frenzy. You won't be disappointed in the quality of the food though. I'd bus my own table to eat here.OMGosh!! So good. The wait was short, the service was great. Very personable staff who remembered how I took my coffee when I returned. The warm beignets were to die for! I was craving them everyday I was unable to get back to Du Monde! Just be sure to go with cash since they don't accept credit.This is the place to drop in for beignets; a must see place to sit and drink in some atmosphere.  On a Friday, we came in around 9am.  We watched it get progressively crowded and competitive for tables.  However, service is very swift and tables turn over constantly.
The beignets are delicious and I had to limit myself to 3, otherwise I could have gone nuts!  Combined with the humidity and the chicory, there isn't anything quite like it.