I visited this café just this past Saturday for a reception luncheon after my best friend's wedding.  His mother made the reservation and also let the restaurant know that there would be one vegan in attendance.  I must that say that I was pleasantly surprised at both the outstanding menu accommodations and the excellent food itself!
The staff were very careful and deliberate in making sure my food was, in fact, vegan, and they served me with huge smiles, despite my being "the difficult one" at the event.  As an alternative to the gumbo opener, I was served a tomato-based soup that was warm and delicious, with just a bit of Cajun kick!  My salad was just an altered version of what the other got.  When I pointed to the dressing and asked what it was, I was politely informed of its ingredients.  I was served a vegetable curry in lieu of the shrimp dish and beef tenderloin dish the other guests got.  This curry was delicious!  I'm not going to lie, I was a little skeptic of a Creole/Cajun place making Indian food, but damn it; they nailed it!  My desert was raspberries, strawberries and blackberries served in a martini glass.  These berries tasted like they were literally picked off out of the garden ten minutes prior, rinsed and then given to me.
The only real "complaint" that I have doesn't even have anything to do with me, but my tablemate had to ask several times for a refill of his water, and it took almost twenty minutes for that to happen.  However, I credit the large group and server distractions for the delay.  Based on their excellence in general, I wouldn't hold this as an indicator of their service.
When I return to New Orleans, I will definitely be visiting Café Adelaide again.  Clean restaurant, delicious food and an informed and caring staff.  I highly recommend this place.  An overall authentic and awesome experience.Stopped here for lunch. Great friendly staff. Had the shrimp corn dogs....YUM!! Had a hankering for beef, so I ordered the burger. It was great even without ketchup. All in all, a nice placeThe best part about Cafe Adelaide is they gave my dad a martini for wearing a Cafe Du Monde hat. He put aside his Saints cap for an hour to wear a Cafe Du Monde hat. 
That's right. Adelaide gives you select free drinks if you wear a hat (non-sports only), even a Cafe Du Monde cap. 
I went for brunch and enjoyed the crab cakes and white chocolate bread pudding biscuits. So, so good and really one of the best brunch values in New Orleans when you consider drink specials (for wearing a hat). 
This was my second time at Adelaide. The last time was several years ago. Just as good as it was then and maybe even better. 
As to be expected, the service was polite, attentive, courteous and even humored my oft-crazy parents.Dinner: the food was great
Service: Not very attentive
Attitude: Seems pushy, they want to be your imitation friend
Hotel: Seems like a hotel restaurant
I would not go backAhhh-mazing!!! I had the filet and my bf had the duck. We both totally cleaned our plates. The Brie smashed potatoes are out of this world. We will be adding this place as one of the must go to's for our annual NOLA trip. Go here and you won't be disappointed.Just came in for some bloody maries and their drink selection is fantastic.  Their handcrafted cocktails are a ton of fun and an amusing way to start an afternoon stroll through downtown.25 cent martinis -- 'nuff said! But seriously, a coworker suggested I try Cafe Adelaide for lunch because of their martini lunch special. Unfortunately, I work and leisurely lunches, particularly leisurely lunches with alcohol, don't fit into my work day. But I made a point to come here when I had a couple of friends in town and had the day off. 
The martinis are nothing to write home about, but seriously... they're 25 cents! It can't get any better than that. And you bet your bottom dollar my friends and I took advantage of the 3 martini maximum. The rest of the day was downhill after that. In a good way, though. 
My friend and I shared the fried oysters for an appetizer and they were quite good. But the biggest surprise of the day?!? I became a fan of grits! Now, I know they're quite the Southern dish, but I just couldn't get on board... until now. I ordered the shrimp and grits dish and the grits were so flavorful. They were spicy and as soon as I took my first bite, I thought to myself --- now, I see what the hoopla is all about!
I will definitely return to Cafe Adelaide! I just wish 25 cent martinis could be a more regular part of my existence!!A little too pricey for my taste. Expect to shell out $40-50 for an entree and a couple sides. The crawfish bisque, garlic poached crab and shrimp and grits were really good, just not good enough to justify the cost. Our server wasn't the best, a little too rough around the edges for a place this expensive.Fantastic brunch! On Saturday brunch, if you wear a hat (baseball hats don't count), you get a free martini (4 choices, and they seem to refill).
The prices for brunch were very reasonable. Also, Cafe Adelaide is a sister restaurant to Commander's Palace, but much easier to get a table. My friend and I were able to try the Turtle Soup and also get some tasty Southern dishes. 
They take reservations, so I felt very relaxed not having to wait for a table. So many places in NOLA don't take reservations.This is my first bad review. The food & the company was good but the service was beyond bad today. I've dined here on multiple occasions, entertained clients & have always had mediocre service. Today was worse than mediocre. When you don't get your drinks delivered or food order taken until a half hour in, there's a problem. Top it off w/ all place settings not having full sets of utensils, servers trying to deliver us cocktails that belonged to other tables while not bringing ours, no check backs from our server, being ignored after signaling for help & the oversight of never getting a bread plate & I couldn't help but be embarrassed for our host. The two stars are for the quality of food. Cafe Adelaide is off my list but I'll still recommend their sister restaurants.The food service, quality and drinks were all above par.  This is one joint that didn't let me down.  As a matter of fact, I've added to the list of places I'll always come back to.Great service! A coworker and I came here for lunch for the first day of COOLinary 2016. The Commander's martini was amazing, and I ordered the burger for my meal. I have had much better burgers before, but, looking back on it, I probably should've ordered something else more on par with what their specialties are. Overall, it was a great experience, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. I wouldn't hesitate to come back and try out some of their other menu items.The ONLY reason this place gets 5 stars is because the girl in training here ROCKED!!!!!!!!!!  (I think her name was Sian - I'm horrible w/names sorry if I botched that).  
We made bday reservations and still had to wait 15 minutes by the manager when there were all these empty tables available - she was just taking her time and in no rush to seat us.  Once we were finally seated we did not get service for a long time - literally servers just walking by us without offering us anything - at one point it was so bad my friend (the bday girl no less) had to wave across the restaurant in hopes of getting a cup of coffee.  Since no one offered to take our order we called over the fabulous lady in training and she was SO KIND, SO HELPFUL, and just SO SWEET.  She gave us incredible customer service and totally got us EVERYTHING we needed - plus did it all with her amazing smile.  Which was really a shame when we could overhear the manager yelling at her for helping us because we were the ones that had called her over (again, since NO ONE was giving us any service) - so we felt really bad but she totally kept her chin up, made us laugh, and truly was the only reason we stayed at this restaurant.  
I promised her I'd write a review once I got back home because she deserve major props.  Without her we would have walked out since the management was horrible here - food was just OK.  I liked my veal but the girls hardly touched their brunch scramble.  So yes, thank you Sian for being SO wonderful.  You made our NOLA trip!Very disappointed, this was one of our favorite places at on time the service and quality of the food and drinks have been subpar! In our last two visits I have had to send two mixed drinks for poor quality back and wanted to send my entree back for being overcooked. The service needs improvement as well they are very slow! Not what's expected of a commanders family restrauant.Came here for Saturday brunch. The service was impeccable. Every employee was polite and helpful. The grits are a must have. Oh, and make sure you wear a hat. Hat wearers have their choice of free martinis. Great place!I went here while attending a conference and met up with a friend who was also in town for a different conference. We chose this restaurant because we wanted options that were still New Orleans flair, but were a little bit lighter. We split the Tomato Salad which was pretty tasty and a great start to our meal. We chose the two seared fish options - The Gulf Fish and The Black Drum - and they were both fresh and delicious. They had great flavor and the veggies were tasty and fresh. We opted out of dessert as the meal was pretty filling. Overall, good place and nice decor.First time to this restaurant.  The wait staff was excellent, but the experience was undone by the quality of the food and inattention of the kitchen.  For starters, Stasha and I ordered shrimp gumbo.  Unremarkable and disappointing since this is New Orleans and the dish is billed as a signature item on the menu.  
We followed with a chop salad and citrus salad.  The chop salad was soggy and the citrus salad bland and completely unappetizing.  For the main course, we ordered the flank steak and pork chop with sides of French purée potato and sautéed garlic spinach.  The plates came absent the sautéed spinach and the potatoes were so salty they were not edible.  The meat was perfect!  
Finally, we settled on a dessert of milk punch ice cream and homemade cookies. We set the cookies aside (awful) and enjoyed the milk punch I've cream so much that we had to google the recipe.  We rate this restaurant 2-1/2 stars.Went for dinner on Christmas night; food and drinks delicious, great atmosphere and service. Rack of lamb and gnocchi were wonderful. Definitely recommend.Beignets were absolutely delish... service could use vast improvements from hostesses to waitors & waitresses.  The neighboring table had several issues, as did I.Great food at reasonable prices.  The okra and shrimp gumbo is delicious.  I would also highly recommend the shrimp remoulade.(managed by Commander's Palace)
strong just like the other Brennan's restaurants
i had the turtle soup au sherry -- nicely spiced
followed by the redfish courtbouillon -- mild flavor
i actually felt the snapper had a better sauce flavor
crusty French bread in a bagIt's sort of like Commander's Palace except way too modern and with much worse service.  It really is quite a disappointment in many ways if you're used to the other Brennan restaurants.  This is more of a very casual establishment certainly designed to cater more to the tourists in the hotel than the locals.  I would certainly steer most people that want to experience a traditional NOLA fine dining experience to other spots but for those people that want to wear their sloppy velour tracksuits, shorts and blue jeans please come to Cafe Adelaide instead of ruining the locals fine dining traditions at Commander's Palace.  There are times and places to be casual and there are times and places for dressing up and we do like our traditions in NOLA that set us apart from the rest of the all casual all the time world outside our civilization.Rumored to be closing soon, and regrettably, I had to appreciate why. The interior and hotel lobby are nice enough though the staff could certainly have been more accommodating. The turtle soup tastes nothing like Commander's Palace and the Oyster and avocado salad was very strange tasting. I looked for something on their brunch menu to eat and found nothing that even sounded good. I would not have come here at all had I not been invited by friends. I know that all sounds rather grumpy of me, and I apologize, as I would have liked to have written better words. I can say that we got some good photographs in the lobby after breakfast--though I loathe eating so badly at such an expensive place, in a nice hotel, with potential, but failing miserably for no reason at all. With their position across from Harrah's on Canal, this place should be making a killing. Instead they have slumped into total mediocrity, sorry wrong word, inferiority, so are in sorely in need of a visit from Gordon Ramsay or closure to spare future patrons from the same lamentable experience.Best service, worst Old Fashion.  I tried the turtle soup just for novelty - too salty and their signature dessert white chocolate biscuit pudding which was way too sweet.  They missed the mark.#NOLAtourist #chifoodie #foodtourism This low rating is attributed to a variety of factors.  (1) It was the end of our trip-- and we had experienced much better service.  (2) The service was NOLA slow including being seated although we had reservations.  Although we were on time we were told to wait while our table was being prepped.  There was a 4 person table being prepped in the front of the house.  Yet when we were seated we were put in the back of the house where only one other table was populated.  While we were waiting to be seated, we watched several other families who didn't have reservations being told there were long wait times.  (3)  And there was a major error in my order (the blue crab was omitted from my blue crab omelet)-- yet we didn't have time for the staff to correct it.  I wouldn't go back.Delicious New Orleans cuisine. Classic, but still exciting.
Had to try the turtle soup because, come on, wtf, and also I don't think they have that anywhere in Chicago. It was delicious! Really unlike anything I've ever had, but good. If you want to try turtle soup, try it here. It's a legendary recipe.
For my entree, I had the duck. Perfectly cooked, and really interestingly assembled. They have this sort of couscous that goes with it; so good I asked the waiter what it was (it's a traditional Louisiana side dish, but I've forgotten the name). 
Dessert is also a must. I had the biscuit bread pudding - it doesn't get any more Southern than that! My thighs are still mad at me, but they'll get over it. Delicious.
The service here is fantastic. The maître d' stopped by our table more than once to see if there was anything we needed. He noticed I was a little cold and offered to turn down the air, and, get this, he actually did it! That never happens in restaurants (they always say they will, but I never notice a difference). And they gave us a complimentary "shot" of one of their martinis. Really nice touch. 
The only reason it's not a five-star review is that some of the guests decided to sing along with the piano player. There's a reason I avoid karaoke bars. Other than that, a perfect dining experience.The service at this restaurant is terrible.  We arrived at midday on Sunday to eat lunch; the restaurant was half-full at best.  The server took our drink and entree orders at 12:30.  He delivered our drinks and we did not see him again for the next 30 minutes; he simply disappeared.  When he did show back up, he stated that he "would go check on our orders".  He was gone again for another 15 minutes.  He then popped back up to tell us that it would be "another 5 minutes".  Surprise, surprise that he showed up again after 15 more minutes and brought us a complimentary bowls of gumbo (without spoons or silverware) because our orders had apparently gotten mixed up with another table (I'm not sure what he even meant by that comment). We were disgusted at the service so we simply walked out of the restaurant.  We did call the manager from the hotel room only to be told to "go back down and wait on your food".  Ummm yeah, no thanks.We stopped in for breakfast after hearing and reading great things.  It was a great breakfast though I don't know that we would go out of our way to go back.  It was very good but nothing overly special or unique.  I had the Power Breakfast so that I could sample a little of everything, and it was very good.  The scrambled eggs were some of the best I've had, and the bacon was cooked perfectly.  The potatoes and biscuit were good but nothing special.  My husband had the Tacos with eggs and sausage, and they were very good.  We would recommend this place, but there are some really great breakfast places in the city that make for stiff competition.  In any other city, this would be the best place to go.The best thing about this place was the bread.
...or maybe the garlic fries.  The fries here were a bit unusual in that it was about 90% as crisp as what you would normally expect crispy fries to be.  About 85% of the fries were in the aforementioned "crispy" category, which is not bad when compared to other places.
I don't mind greasy food, as long as they taste good.  In the case of the black drum (local fish, it was a seasonal special), I minded very much because the taste was not there.  The fish was not breaded and was probably pan-fried.  It didn't taste much better than frozen fish (breaded and fried) you could buy from Costco.  Definitely a few notches below places like McCormick and Schmick.
Presentation was not bad, but if you go to Grouchy Chef  in Mukilteo, WA (unfortunately no longer open due to owner moving back to Japan for personal reasons, but not due to business failing) you can get better presentation and quality at less than half the price.  
Most things taste better when they are fried, including Oreos, Sneakers bar, and ice cream.  Not the case with the vegetables here.  I think the vegetables may have been fried or otherwise somehow drenched in oil.  I could not bring myself to eat them.
The good news is that the restroom at this place was top notch.The food was great & interesting.  Fun & personable staff.  They gave us a bunch of extra desserts so the only person at our table who ordered dessert didnt have to eat alone!  I had the ahi tuna and it was great.This place will woo you until you have no choice but to love it.
The bar is a great place to start out with a majestic bright space with a touch of new.  Extensive innovative drink menu.
The restaurant is a little more traditional feeling, but the service extraordinary.  For example:
- we asked to be seated asap as we were in a hurry and they ushered us to a table before the dining room was even open for lunch
- they brought crayons for the baby
- then brought milk in a cool plastic cup
- then made a fabulous kid's pasta that we were all envious of
- as if that weren't enough, they brought out a BALLOON for the child!  
The food had a touch of Creole, with some American influences.  I had an oyster bisque which was refined and a chopped salad with fresh crab which was decent but maybe could have used some more dressing.  My husband had the shrimp and grits and the turtle soup and raved about both.
Having just been to commander's palace(same owners) I'd take cafe Adelaide over Commander's palace any day.  I prefer the decor, the service was stellar and inviting, and the food, oddly, seemed more refined.  A very enjoyable experience and I look forward to returning in the future.Absolutely great brunch and fun place. Definitely will come back. Katherine was a delight. Try Red Fish or the Shrimp Corndog. Prices are more like $$$ instead of $$. Wear a real fun hat and get free drink!I ate here for Thanksgiving dinner, er lunch, since we were far away from home. We were dopes and didn't make reservations far in advance- by the time we started trying to find a place on Monday almost everything was all booked up! Luckily Cafe Adelaide had a spot open for us (even if it was early) and we gladly took it. 
The food was pretty good. They immediately brought out some fresh bread and also free shots of some kind of alcoholic fruit punch for us to try. I ordered the Rabbit and Absinthe Smoked Oyster Gumbo appetizer, which had a smoky flavor. I was a little bit sad to eat a bunny but I went ahead and finished the whole thing anyway. Tasted like chicken. Why does every meat you aren't used to taste like chicken? My boyfriend had the Wilted Baby Spinach Salad which had a fried duck egg on top of it. Definitely interesting- I think he must have liked it since he finished the whole thing. For dinner we each had the Herb Roasted Turkey, which came with shrimp and mirliton stuffing, oyster dressing with rye whiskey, and sweet potatoes with giblet gravy. I asked for no sweet potatoes because I hate them! The waitress was surprised and asked my boyfriend if he wanted my portion- he actually doesn't like them either and said no thanks to that one. Too bad they weren't mashed potatoes! :(
Overall everything was good and I fell asleep as soon as we returned to our hotel in a mild food coma. With tax & tip our 2 appetizers and 2 entrees came to $85- not so bad! I'm glad we were able to find a relatively nice place to sit down and have turkey kind of last minute. Arnaud's is supposed to have an amazing Thanksgiving dinner but it sounded like they had been booked up a long time ago. So like I said- make your reservations early if you are coming to New Orleans this time of year!Excellent food and service.  Nice comfortable dining room.  Bacon crusted fried oysters for an appetizer was amazing.  I had the gulf fish for my entree, which was very simple and flavorful and the white chocolate biscuit pudding for dessert was amazing as well.  Portion sizes were just right so I was able to order dessert and was glad I did.Can't beat .25c martinis! Shrimp and grits was amazing, as was the crabmeat grilled cheese.This little place, the restaurant at the Loew's Hotel in New Orleans where we were NOT even staying, turned out to be the best brunch we had in NOLA our whole stay. The french toast in to die for! The brunch cocktails inventive and tasty. The egg dishes satisfying and creative. We came here after not being able to get into the Ruby Slipper and were actually thrilled. Tummy's full and happy, we were on our way to see more of NOLA and an hour after leaving Cafe Adelaide we got a text that our table at the Ruby Slipper was finally available. We all laughed and felt that we had been lucky to eat where we did and still be able to see more of this beautiful city.Two of the three of us enjoyed our dinner at Cafe Adelaide, eating off the Reveillion menu.  However I do not recommend the stuffed flounder on bokchoy.  It was an interesting experiment, but I don't think the tastes and flavors successfully melded, nor did they successfully contrast each other. The shrimp stuffing was very good, but I left some flounder and bokchoy on my plate as they were just not very good. I was very sorry I ordered this dish, especially when contrasted with the other entrees my family ate, and it was certainly not worth the price, although I wouldn't have enjoyed it at any price.
The service was excellent, and apologetic.Came straight here from the room our first night. 
My GFs turtle soup was great, but a little too salty.  
My porkchop was perfectly cooked and not too salty.  
The highlight of the meal was def the award-winning desserts.I arrived late in NOLA and yelp helped me find this place (across the street). Servers were solicitous, meal arrived swiftly and was amazing! I had the Chef's Creole selection with pork chops. Delicious! The turtle soup was tasty and the creme brûlée the perfect finish. I could not have asked for a better meal on my first night in this city! The cocktail selections are also great! I had the Adelaide Swizzler and loved it!Staying at this hotel and decided to try out the restaurant. Pretty big letdown after looking at the reviews. The turtle soup was pretty solid, but everything else was not. The fried oysters were bland and were served over coleslaw and hot sauce...what? That was odd. The pork chop was cooked perfectly, but it was almost inedible because it was SO salty. With each bite I practically finished my drink to quench my thirst. The only thing I enjoyed was my desert which was the white chocolate bread pudding. But, they told me it took 30 minutes to prepare when I asked for it after I finished my meal, which was acceptable. They put in the order and it came out in 10 minutes...so why did they tell me 30 minutes? Pretty suspicious. Then, they served me my check with no pen so I ask the waiter if she has a pen and she tells me "no sorry". Well, that was rude. I ended up getting one from someone else. I won't be backWe were recently in New Orleans for 6 nights.  Out of all of your dinning adventures, this place came in dead last.  We stopped in for brunch and both thought the Open Faced Croque Madame sounded like a good pick.  To our surprise, it was not.  Their version of this had lettuce under a open faced egg?  This was way out of place.  We first had to pick the lettuce off and then we noticed the 2 pieces of brioche bread on the bottom were burnt.  We sent one back and they did redo the one.  Mine I figured I would tough it out and ate it. Neediness to say, it was far from being worth $20 each, for some few shavings Chisesi ham on bread with an egg on top. 
I would suggest for the cost and quality of food, there are much better places to go in New Orleans.We first went to Cafe Adelaide about three years ago when we were in New Orleans for a conference and went back this January when we were in New Orleans again. We were as impressed, if not more, as we were three years ago. Service is spectacular, very friendly, and the food is amazing. I had the crab gnocchi and my husband had the lamb. The price is very reasonable for the quality of food. I highly recommend this restaurant.This gem is a nod to "Aunt Adelaide" better known to the rest of us as Adelaide Brennan. This place is a sister restaurant to Commanders Palace and lives up to the family name. I had the pork loin rolled in praline and wow. Also this not one of those places where the protein is amazing and the sides are ho-hum. The sides are knock outs, there is just all kinds flavor and it is all so well balanced. the wait staff was attentive and gracious, the kitchen even made an off menu vegetarian plate for one of us. I'm not talking whatever sides they were serving that day this was a whole other thing and it was delicious. An all around wonderful experienceHad lunch here...
Service was quite good, ambiance was slightly odd (balloons on every table), and food was great.  Highlights were gumbo, bacon crusted oysters, and shrimp and grits. The croque madame was good but not phenomenal.  The price isn't overly high and well worth it for the quality of the food.  
Don't let the location in the Loews hotel or the strange balloons fool you...this place is the real deal.Outstanding Bloody Mary and burger.
Service was impeccable, despite a rambunctious crowd.
Great spot for lunch or an afternoon drink.Absolutely wonderful brunch spot, from the kind and attentive servers, to the fun decor with balloon centerpieces... To the absolutely delicious entrees! We ordered the crawfish grilled cheese (fantastic), the Royal Street breakfast (A wonderful Creole take on eggs Benedict - instead of a English muffin you get a fried green tomato... And instead of a piece of Canadian bacon you get delicious boiled shrimp!), And last but not least the boucherie biscuits which are a big favorite. Would order any (or all!) of these again! And you can't beat free martinis for donning a fun hat!!! Will definitely attend this fine brunch spot known for its "hattitude" fun!With so many great restaurants in New Orleans this isn't the best option for food or service. 
We chose this restaurant mainly because it was near our hotel and we were tired from traveling. I'd suggest exerting the energy to find something better.
The service was incredibly slow, Alabama slow in fact. After being seated we waited 15 minutes just to get menus. By that point we'd already used our phones to make selections using the menu on the website. Then a long wait to place orders and long waits for courses. When the check came my husband had credit card in hand because we definitely weren't letting the waitress stretch payment out too. Keep in mind that the restaurant only had about half a dozen tables with diners. 
The bread to start was basic, but decent. My husband really liked his Turtle Soup. My Gumbo with andouille and okra was okay, but not great. I liked it less and less as I ate. 
Our entrees were the highlight. My Garlic & Red Chili Crusted Shrimp was a great dish. The shrimp was good and the flavors in the rice were good. The spices in the dish reminded me of the flavors of Indian food. My husband had Pork Shoulders Smoked in Milk. The meat was tender and had a nice flavor. My husband enjoyed the meat in this dish very much. The collard greens were the worst I've ever tasted and I've ordered a lot of collard greens recently.
Dessert sealed the deal on my overall rating of this restaurant. The Creole Cream Cheese Cheesecake and Rum & Brown Sugar Carrot Cake were inedible. We ate maybe three bites of each in confusion that these could be messed up so badly. The cheesecake was one dimensional, it tasted more like biting into a block of cream cheese than a creamy cheesecake. The carrot cake was not moist or flavorful and the frosting was disgusting like it was made with the wrong ingredients. We definitely weren't wasting calories on these two.A nice little surprise while here in NOLA.  The cocktail originals are all very intriguing.  The Adelaide Swizzle was very good.  I called last minute for a reservation and the staff was very accommodating.  The food and service very good as well!25 cent martinis at lunch! I repeat, 25 cent martinis. Yay! That was definitely the draw for us to go there for lunch. Our favorites were the appletini and the commander. So that was a great deal, as well as their lunch specials. Reasonably priced.
However, the service was the slowest I have ever experienced. I was served soup but there was no spoon on the table. It took 10 minutes to finally get a server's attention. When she finally noticed, she was nice enough to bring me a new, hot soup so I do appreciate that. Overall, good food but don't go there for a quick bite.Over priced, but decent food.  The crawfish grill cheese was yummy.  I've had better gumbo.  25 cent martinis at lunch was its saving grace!Was so tired from my day of travel, I decided to eat here since it's inside my hotel.
The hostess made it really awkward when I told her it'd be just me for dinner (I'm here on a business trip by myself, I've never had anyone have a problem with that).
I waited 10 minutes before my server came to greet me, and then waited another 10 minutes for my drink... I had been sitting there with my drink for another 10 minutes before someone came around with some bread for me. He threw it on my table and said real quick "here's your bread". Why didn't I get that earlier and why so rude? I pulled a piece out of the bag and my dinner was brought to my table so I got to enjoy the bread during dinner...
I had my entree for not even 8 minutes...the bread guy came up and asked if he could take my plate. No...I haven't even eaten half of it.
No one on staff smiled or had nice tones in their voice. Just no friendliness at all. I just wanted to leave the entire time because I felt like I was an inconvenience to them.They dropped the ball on the service a little however I think the server was a a bit swamped. The food made up for it though. DeliciousThere is not a single thing that I would change about the experience or the food. Everything was fantastic. I had a house salad that was delicious, chickpeas were a fantastic addition. For my main entree I got the crab gnocchi and even after I was full I kept eating... I couldn't bring myself to leave any! I will definitely be going here againWhat a pleasant surprise, both the andouille burger with remoulade sauce for the cajun french fries Or of the best I've ever had (and I am from here) My wife had the shrimp and grits, and even though not a New Orleans tradition, they were better than anything I had had in Savannah Georgia where shrimp and grits were invented. Our waitperson Brianna was attentive and charming!   The bartender Steve made the best Beefeater martini I think I've ever had. One of the hotel managers, a Mr. Rodriguez stopped by to make certain that everything was great; of course it was!Beautifully decorated. Our server was hysterical, he kept us laughing throughout our dining experience. Had the wine & dine special. It was worth every penny.Cafe Adelaide, located in the lobby of the Loews New Orleans Hotel, has a gorgeous space and comfortably plush seating with booths surrounding the perimeter of the restaurant's street-side windows.
The menu is carefully crafted with options for almost diet. I started off with the Zapp's crawtator shrimp tempura over a bed of mustard greens risotto and crispy Chisesi ham, which was my favorite part of the entire meal. The whole shrimp tempura was delicately battered and fried. The risotto was excellently prepared and so flavorful. 
Then I followed the appetizer with Chef Chris' Winter Dinner, an awesome three-course meal deal for $29.00! The winter dinner included a soup du jour of pureed leek with a creamy, smooth texture, a whitefish with crisp skin with side of shrimp-crusted onion rings, sauteed grape tomatoes, baby arugula, sweet corn, and ramekin of bread pudding topped with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and a mint leaf. 
The whitefish was wonderfully cooked and very tender--the crisped skin gave the fish a great contrast of texture which I enjoyed, but understand from a server that not everyone appreciated it. I thought the shrimp-crusted onion rings overflowing with the sauteed vegetables would be my favorite part, but the tartness of the grape tomatoes and the texture of the arugula placed inside the onion rings didn't work for me at all. It was almost as if they tried to do too much with the sides. The onion rings were almost soggy from the juices from the sauteed vegetables.
I really wanted to like Cafe Adelaide to give the restaurant five-stars but the bread pudding, which was part of the prix fixe, was dry and not very flavorful though pretty in presentation.
The waitstaff service was very friendly and attentive. Cafe Adelaide has a great wine selection. Overall, the restaurant was good and I would go back on my next trip to New Orleans to try out several other menu items that also appealed to me.The meal I had tonight was truly wonderful--
--Shrimp & Tasso Corndogs (Wild white shrimp dipped in Tasso corndog batter with 5 pepper jelly, pickled okra, & Crystal Hot Sauce butter, which was kinda like a remoulade sauce)--YUMMY!
--Double cut Pork Chop with sweet potato boudin underneath, 10 vegetable slaw on top, and a fabulous gastrique around it. The chop was perfectly done, moist and juicy. And I could've had more of the boudin (which wasn't in a casing) for dessert!
--White Chocolate Biscuit Pudding (White chocolate ice cream, Barq's root beer syrup, & spiced pecans), served in a seemingly small cast iron pot, it was nearly enough for 2 people (but I finished every bit of the scrumptiousness)
Service by Dustin was excellent, professional but friendly. His recommendations were spot on. 
The bad news is that this was part of August's Coolinary $35 special, but it'd be worth it at (almost) any price!The food is absolutely amazing here, but we have had a couple experiences with bad service.  Most recently, the waitress didn't even give us menus until we asked for them from another server after waiting for 15 minutes at the table.  Then it took another 20 minutes to get drinks and finally put in our order.  One of our guest's appetizer was never brought and then when we asked (another server again), our server came by and inspected the table for a few minutes before she went back to the kitchen, as if she might find where we were hiding the appetizer and trying to get another one or something.  When the main entrees came it was all delicious and perfectly prepared.  I had the pork chop and many in our group enjoyed the Chef Chris Package with Courtbouillon Shrimp.  We then had a huge fiasco involving the check in which we tried to separate it, but one of our group asked if we could get separate tickets because it was taking so long and the waitress went off on some rant about how she was "just trying to give us time to work on splitting it and every time she walked by we were still working on it, geez!"  Ummm, we didn't say anything about you or your not picking up the check yet we just wanted to split it...I mean the orders are placed by seat number so splitting it shouldn't be horrendous for a good server, but she wasn't even mad about that, she was mad because she thought we were mad at her for not picking up the check? What?
Beyond the service issues, I would recommend the pork chop entree and the shrimp and tasso corndog appetizer.  I don't like oysters, but the fried oyster appetizer looked very good and like a great deal for the money (5+ oysters on a large bed of lettuce).  They also used to have a blue crab poundcake appetizer that was amazing, so if that ever comes back on the menu, make sure you try it!
If Cafe Adelaide perfected their service, they would be one of the best restaurants in town.  As it stands now, the food is good enough that we will probably be back a couple times, but if the service doesn't get better it won't be worth the money.I came on a Sunday for the "brunch with hat-itude" which allows diners to enjoy up to 3 free cocktails with the purchase of any entree. The cocktail choices are: a cosmo, manhattan, classic martini or peach martini. The food was good but a bit pricey and the service was very slow. So I wouldn't recommend coming here for brunch if you're on a time crunch.Loved love loved this place !!! Filet was stunning. Great service and amazing atmosphere. Traveled to NOLA with friends and we had to experience this place as others have given it such high marks. It won't disappoint !What a way to start off our New Orleans experience!  This was our first stop for food once hitting New Orleans on our road trip from Chicago.  FANTASTIC!  Everything was just right.
For starters, they have 25cent martinis at lunch when you order an entree.  Nice!  And these aren't kiddy martinis, it's the real deal - strong, normal size, and tasty!  They have a 3 max per person, but you shouldn't need it, as that will be enough anyway.  We had the shrimp "corndog" appetizers, which was like a big shrimp with cornbread batter and hot sauce on it.  Think gourmet buffalo-shrimp-corndog.  Then we split the shrimp and grits.  I LOVED it, so much so that I could have eaten more even though I was stuffed.
The nicest thing was, that since we only had 3 martinis total between us, our waiter asked us if we would each like another in a to-go cup!  Seriously?!  That is so awesome - "thanks for the offer and yes please!"  Highly recommended - located in a hotel across from Harrah's casino.Worst coffee ever. I was there for breakfast. I ordered eggs benedictine and a regular coffee. They use a blend made with chicory. This makes their coffee have an unpleasant smell and a terrible flavor, so I wasn't able to enjoy a cup of coffee at breakfast. The eggs were ok. Service was fast and friendly.I am very impressed with this place. It has great food and even better service. After asking the waitress that we were on a schedule the waiters appeared to work as a team and it was wonderful to see how they worked together to get our bloody Mary's, OJ and food out quickly.  The grits were the highlight of the breakfast! Can't wait to get back to New Orleans and Café Adelaide!I was sooo excited to go here for the first time this morning! We were early and there were not many people, but the service was terrible. I mean terrible. They were not friendly at all and literally would never come to the table. We spent over 200 dollars on brunch and I've never been so disappointed on anywhere in Nola.Attended a dinner party for about 60 guests, so we naturally had a set menu.
It was a 5 course menu with:
Seafood gumbo (pretty damn good)
Salad
Fish (white)
Beef tenderloin (melted in my mouth)
Banana bread
The food was good and the service was excellent.Ate thanksgiving dinner here with my family. Incredible. It was a special menu, we ordered a few appetizers, salads, soups, and entrees; all choices were divine. My review is particularly for our service. Cheyenne was attentive, friendly, knowledgeable, and thoughtful. My father and I discussed sharing a certain soup and salad; we did not ask her to, but she heard us speaking of sharing and was considerate and courteous enough to split the soup and salad into two separate portions for us as we were seated across from each other. Five stars to Cafe Adelaide, and five stars to Cheyenne!I'll reiterate what some other Yelpers have already written: FANTASTIC service. 
Here's my little story about this place:
Finding vegan breakfast in this area of New Orleans proved to be VERY difficult but in all of my Yelp searches, this place kept coming up. Why?! It was frustrating but eventually I called and told the woman on the other end about that and if she could do anything for me? Well she said the chef makes whatever is "on hand" but they would be happy to accommodate me. I walk over, get seated in a corner booth and enjoy water and coffee while explaining to the...manager (maybe?) about the conversation I had with the woman who picked up the phone. 
He said, sure, sure and came right back to tell me what the chef would prepare:
Barley quinoa pilaf with three olives, chickpeas, mushrooms, spinach topped with crispy potato straws.
holy shit! It was so freaking good! He got the veg, healthy fat, grain and protein down! Lol. The chef for real knew what he was doing to make a perfectly balanced meal! Now, was it "breakfasty"? Naaah not really and I really would have liked a tofu scramble but was it delicious? hell yeah. In fact, the woman next to me asked me what *I* was eating! I told her it wasn't on the menu :P I did get a piece of toast to wipe the bottom clean and that made it a little more traditional but it was still delicious. And, again, the service was great so I would definitely go back for other food or meals.We only had drinks there but loved it! It was their signature drink which I would highly recommend. The wait staff was very friendly and it's a nice place to just grab a drink.I just want to start off by saying this is the best destination for happy hour. With martinis for only 25 CENTS. They have a limit of three, but you honestly only need two and you will be feeling te effects of the alcohol. This was the first place that I ordered turtle soup and it was everything I could've ever wanted and more. The menu for the café is the same or similar to Commander's palace at a much cheaper price. They have very good lunch specials so that you can get the most value for your money without sacrificing the quality. I finished my meal with the creme brûlée and recommend it as the perfect finish to any meal.Our group of five arrived without a reservation. We were lucky enough to snag a table in the cocktail lounge and ended up eating there as well.  
The wait staff was very friendly and helpful - when a table opened in the main dining room they did offer to move us but we chose to stay. 
The mojitos were lovely.  Crawfish gnocchi came in a small crock, the duck confit was one of the best I've had and was served with a white bean purée that was out of this world.  The salad was a bit overdressed but very tasty.   
The bananas foster ice cream had only a few bites of banana.  The crime brûlée was average. If you have to chose only only one dessert make it the bread pudding.Well I really can't comment on the food as I had a bad experience getting a table. Stayed at the Loews hotel for a week and were planning to depart in Saturday. Friday evening we stopped in the hotel bar for a drink and noticed the restaurant was about 1/2 full. Asked for a table and was told it would be about 15 min wait. Waited and then went to the podium and were told it would be a few more minutes. Based on the table vacancies we decided to go elsewhere... What a shame...The food was delicious and the atmosphere was very pleasant. They also validate your parking which was wonderful and accommodated our large group easily.These guys have a unique menu and are close to the Quarter. If you have two appetizers or one entree you can have up to THREE 25 cent martinis!! What??? Every drink I've had in New Orleans has cost no less than $10 PER!!! The food was very good and the service excellent. It's clearly a local (business crowd) favorite. I would definitely come here again.I've been to New Orleans may times but really havent been able to enjoy the food scene bc my choices are limited. I dont eat beef, pork or crawfish. Hearing about people's love of NOLA gumbo made me sad because I could never have it unless I made it but it wouldnt be the same as New Orleans. I found this place when i was looking through yelp. I saw they offered a shrimp and okra gumbo. I thought, is this true? I made the journey to Cafe Adelaide and was amazed at how beautiful this place was. I was immediately seated and instantly asked if the gumbo was only shrimp/okra and no other ingredients I cant have. My waiter, Raj, confirmed it was safe for me to have and I ordered my first cup of gumbo. All I can say to explain my experience is heavenly. This gumbo was truly delicious and my only regret is not ordering a bowl to go for the next day's lunch. The flavoring of this dish was so perfect that I was almost ashamed of how quickly I devoured it. When I make my return visit to new Orleans, this place will be on my list.Staff was friendly and helpful, if a little slow to respond.  Some staff members were not very familiar with their menu.
That said, the food was delicious.  My cheese grits were amazing, and my dining companion said his catfish was the best he'd ever had.  The seafood salad was excellent, too.
The lunch menu also offers a $0.25 martini, which can't be beaten.
A word of warning: the published menu on their website had no relation to the current menu.We were doing a staycation at the Loews Hotel, and decided to finally eat at Adelaide. We were unaware, until we went inside, that they were one of the restaurants featured in the Louisiana Seafood Week. What a deal! For $20.00  at lunch, you get two dishes, an appetizer and an entree! Also, don't forget, this is a Brennan restaurant, and they have .25 martinis ever day during lunchtime!!! The service was OUTSTANDING, the ambience as well, and the food...well, delectable, plentiful and fabulous. The menu choices for the special (as well as the regular menu) are outstanding...we both decided on the seafood gumbo for our appetizer...NOT disappointed! Dark, rich roux with flavorful shimp and crabmeat. This is gumbo to us! My husband decided on the Pork Chop for his meal; it is glazed in rye whiskey and brined overnight..the mushrooms on this chop were ridicuously good! They should offer these mushrooms as a side or even an entree for vegetarians!!!!!!! The potatoes with his chop were great, and the chop was very thick and perfectly cooked (M). I ordered the Shrimp Courtboullion...oh my!!! Heavenly, delectable..cheesy grts under the 5 grilled/charred perfectly shrimp...not heavy on tomato (thank goodness) and the courtbouillion was as it should be...perfect!!! We ended up ordering one dessert to split: the Creole Cheesecake...YES! It had rapsberries and blueberries, and it is the best cheesecake we have every had. Light (but full of calories), fluffy and unreal! As it should be. Please go, the special is only until Sept 16, but we will go back for lunch and dinner again SOON!
BTW, we each had 3 drinks; me the cosmos, him the martinis....yummy! This is service, style, and traditional ingredients reinvented in sexy food.Turquoise booths,white tablecloths ,and 25 cent martinis at lunch.  Three drinks max with lunch. A memorable lunch can be had for a very reasonable price..jambalaya ,catfish , and a martini or two ... laid back environment with attentive and friendly wait staff. A lovely setting with enough privacy for a delightful or intimate luncheon. And we don't judge you if you like the blue martinisService was ok but just got by with OK. Lipstick on the coffee cup and no water offered. The food was served very quickly and was good. The fruit was fresh and the coffee was strong. I doubt I'll come back here.  The space was clean and nicely decorated.I have visited Cafe Adelaide for multiple events, Birthday Parties, Special Events, Lunch, and more. I have never been disappointed.
Service has always been impeccable. The staff works together to get things down. Your food is on the table and off the time timely. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.
What I like is that they can handle groups! I organized a birthday party once and had no issues getting everything together, even with payment! Then I was there for a special event Lunch and Learn and the staff  worked well to get the group fed in the time allotted. 
Food is always yummy!  Always flavorful and fresh. I'm a big fan of the Commander's Turtle Soup.  The Absinthe BBQ Cheeseburger is always a winner for  me if you are hungry. Also a chicken they did with mashed potatoes was some of the best flavored chicken I had in a while, but it isn't on the regular menu.
PARKING... LET'S ALL DO A DANCE... THEY VALIDATE....Nice ambiance, great menu, 25 cent martinis in the afternoon for lunch!  Who can argue with that.  I have been here for business lunches, and for private dinners.  It is always a pleasant experience.I had such a good meal on Friday night here that I chose this place again when a group of colleagues wanted to meet for dinner on Monday night. Describing the horrendous experience we had is arduous. The wait for a table was three times longer than declared. The waiters were slow, inattentive, muddled orders and spilled copious amount of aioli on a guest. They spilled Parmesan fries all over the table and hardly cleaned the debris. One of the guests had food allergies, which we had enquires about on the phone earlier in the day, and was served the wrong entree with allergens twice. The food was served tepid and over-salted. The water was refilled on request and waiters became hard to find as the evening wore on. The check arrived before the desserts we had ordered as part of a selection menu. At this point we were so exhausted and into a 3 hour plus ordeal that we renounced dessert. No coffee or tea was ever offered. Even though the bill was halved, we still had to pay for the privilege of such an horrendous experience. I was incredibly embarrassed to have selected this place and it will take a long time to recover any credibility with my colleagues from four different states now! I cannot recall experiencing such a disastrous meal anywhere in the world. Disappointed is too weak a word to describe my feelings after dining at Adelaide tonight.Party of three, we had dinner on a Sunday night. At first we had to sit at the bar because there was no table. Strangely, before we sat down at the bar, there was an open table. When we sat down we saw multiple open table. 
The food was good. I can recommend the pork chops. Service was poor, especially considering this is somewhat of an upscale type of place. Not rude, but just very unattentive.
Edit: management sent me an email saying they will use this feedback to improve their service. So other yelpers: feel free to add comments!Ok, I am giving this place a two for staff and decor ... But the food, like Wuthe hell? Who made this menu? What drugs were they on? The food is a weird over complicated mess. I ordered the cast iron gnocchi - which was basically a cream soup with too much Garlic. I couldn't even find the gnocchi. This chef has some balls charging people $26+ for these terrible entrees... The cocktails aren't bad though.Shrimp and grits and gumbo are both delicious. The shrimp and tasso corn dogs as well.
They have three item menu deals at times, with an appetizer, main course, and dessert or glass of wine that are a deal when compared to purchasing them separately.We went to the brunch and cocktail pairing on Saturday and had an amazing experience!  There were 5 courses and 5 cocktails for $55 with the tax and tip included which was an amazing deal, but the food, drinks and service did not reflect the cheap price at all.  The food was amazing!  We had biscuits and baked goods first followed by oysters with various caviars on top, then a grouper with a charred parsley topping and a crab dashi, then a pork rillet with quail egg, then a english muffin made with duck fat, topped with duck confit and duck egg and duck fat hollandaise and duck jus (I was a lucky duck, ya hear!)!!  The cocktails were amazing!  There were some standards and some inventions of the cocktail lady at the restaurant.  The cocktail and food chefs spoke throughout the meal and it was super informative.  I was so impressed by our experience and the icing on the cake was having Ti Martin at our table teaching us toasts and sharing in some serious foodie conversation!  I loved every minute of this meal!Great little spot in the Lowe's for breakfast. Staff was great, food was fresh and simple selections. My only complaint was the biscuit was $5!! Kinda pricy compared to the rest of the menu :(Very delicious food, calm ambiance, great service.    We had the three course meal. Started with shrimp gumbo, and he had soup of the day (roasted veggie)-- both were very flavorful and delicious. Then we each had the fish option-- wow, this was fresh and perfectly seasoned/cooked. For dessert we had the cream cheese and the trio with ginger cookies crushed over a berry tart with ice cream on top-- once again, really taste course. 
Thank you! Great experienceCafe Adelaide... Commander's Palace's fun cousin.  This place put me in mind of a kid friendly, partially fine dining establishment.  The decor was lovely, the attendant that evening was very very adamant that the table be set perfectly even when I stressed to her that there were going to be 4 small children joining me and that seriously, seriously, it was ok.  It was going to be destroyed as soon as they sat down.  That did not deter her from her task and she got cool points for that.  There were 5 adults eating and between us, I think we tried nearly everything on the menu and we left satisfied and very pleased. Everything was delicious.  (Turtle soup....don't knock it, it was tasty!!) I give it 4 stars only because the waiter forgot to put in my son's order.  So he had to wait while everyone else ate and they prepared his steak.  But once it came...(which was quickly)  he inhaled it and all was well.  I would most definitely recommend Cafe Adelaide and come back if I'm ever in the area.  The ONLY thing I can't vouch for is dessert, but hell, go get a drink and get over it, it's N'awlins y'all!This was the best meal we had in New Orleans.  Spectacular duck breast and groan-inducing shrimp and grits.  
Why four stars?  No matter how cool and funky the atmosphere or how warm and wonderful the staff (they were truly kind, genial, and attentive folks) it's still a hotel restaurant, which is just always going to seem like gourmet slumming.  No matter how good the food, you'll always get the feeling that you've walked into the middle of someone else's business convention and you're a bit of an interloper.
Nevertheless, I loved Cafe Adelaide and have no reservations recommending it to anyone who asks.  And speaking of reservations, you can actually get them here when everyone else seems to be booked.I'm on a toll in New Orleans.  Not a bad meal yet.  I came on a lazy Sunday night and I couldn't have been happier.  Sharing the restaurant with three other tables it felt calm and un-rushed compared to the masses of humanity rushing to Who Dat with the Saints.  I'm a Dolphins fan but I must admit the enthusiasm and love this city has for this team is infectious.  I do like being here on game day.  
The attentive and quite knowledgable hostess noticed me looking around the front entrance and invited me in for dinner.  Between her cocktail recommendations and my servers good direction I was in for a wonderful night.
My first course was a sazerac.  If you have not had one, you need to try it.  The first and in my mind still the greatest cocktail.  
Next came the wonderfully surprising shrimp corn dogs.  Covered in what was almost a hot sauce they where on a stick and eaten by hand.  Really like these.
My grand finale was the duck confit.  The duck was perfectly executed and fell apart with the touch of the fork.  It melted away on your tongue.  The chick pea purée married with some of the most amazing brussels sprouts in the world.  These Brussels sprouts are almost a religious experience.  
I will highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.  Until my next adventure, dine fine.The staff was extremely friendly, but I think eating at Commander's palace ruined all other meals for us on our trip...especially knowing that cafe Adelaide was a sister restaurant. The meal was good, but not great. There was really nothing in particular wrong with it. It was just an average meal.19 Jul 2014, 06:15p
Hubby and I had just arrived in New Orleans a few hours earlier and didn't have any lunch since we were up in the air.  Mother's was recommended, but it doesn't have waiter service, so Yelp provided this recommendation only a block away.  We were pleasantly surprised to see a "Tales of the Cocktail" restaurant week menu.
Hubby ordered a Petey's Cream Soda while we were perusing the menu and that was a very tasty cocktail.  He enjoys vanilla vodka and cola which also tastes like cream soda, but this had a much cleaner taste.
Ordering from the special menu, I decided on:
Shrimp & Tasso Corndogs
Jalapeno Jelly Lacquered Duck Leg
Coffee & Chicory Pot de Creme
Hubby ordered:
Bourbon Macerated Peach & Pork Belly Tasso Salad
Crispy des Allemands Catfish
Coffee & Chicory Pot de Creme
The Didn't He Ramble cocktail arrived first and we both thought it to be quite refreshing. I'm not a gin fan and was surprised that I didn't notice the juniper berry overtones.
My Corndogs were interesting, but I found the batter to be a bit heavy for the shrimp.  Hubby's salad was the starter winner between the two.  There were crouton-sized chunks of fried pork belly and the variety of greens and the dressing were all a great combo.
My Duck Leg was also very good, with crispy skin, just as described and I had not read closely that it came with Brussels sprouts.  I love Brussels sprouts and the preparation went well with the duck and other components of the dish.  Needless to say, I practically licked my plate clean.  I also ordered The Adelaide Swizzle to accompany my entree since I had already sucked down my Didn't He Ramble.  I found the Swizzle to be a slightly plain for my tastes, a little too much like a soda.
Unfortunately, the same can't be said for hubby's Catfish. It was so horribly over-salted that I was surprised he didn't send it back.  I took a small bite and had to immediately drink some water to moisten my mouth and eliminate the bitterness.  He opened up a piece of bread, made a sandwich and that helped to cut down the saltiness.
The Pot de Creme we both found to be very good.  The pairing with the fresh berries accented the slight bitterness of the coffee and chicory.  I'm a big fan of dark and bittersweet chocolate so this dessert definitely worked for me.
Overall, this dining experience was pleasurable.  The service was friendly and attentive and had it not been for the ruined Catfish, this place would easily have received another star.  So glad that we were able to check this place out and try the Tales of the Cocktail menu.I was visiting New Orleans and wanted to go to some happy hours and this was the first stop I made. I had their Lemon, Thyme & Parmesan Fries, Cornfried Catfish Taco and Honey Baked Duck Ham & Brie Finger Sandwich. It was all really good. I would come back here again to try their other foods. 
The bar area had modern couches and stools. It was a very sheek, modern and classy restaurant. 
The service was great, we never had to wait for anything. Our waitress was there when our drinks were empty, filling our waters and brought out our food when it was still hot.Great festive atmosphere for a Christmas lunch with family, friends, or co-workers. The carolers were so fun! 
Can't go wrong with $0.25 martinis, and the food is pretty good too. I had the lunch 2 course combo with gumbo (yum) and a cochon de lait turnover (extra yum). 
This isn't your typical hotel lobby restaurant, especially during the holidays. I recommend the experience.Delicious lunch special. Great food without hoity toity atmosphere and 25 cent lunch martinis, the peach martini was awesome, appletini was sour goodness, drinks were stronger than those served at lunch at Antoine's. For lunch I ordered seafood gumbo starter and Shrimp and Grits entree: terrific and $23 together. Commander' Palace Turtle Soup was one of the starters.Our reservation that we made in person 3 days ago was "lost."  Service to order took 30 minutes.   The food was okay.   Staff was nice,  but seemed stretched too thin.  You can get better food at IHOP.  We won't be back.We came here for a group dinner. We were seated at a reserved table right away. The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive. I chose the Wine and Dine special for $39. It included a choice of chardonnay, cabernet, or merlot. The main course was the filet with a hollandaise sauce and goat cheese mashed potatoes. The filet was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. The dessert included was white chocolate bread pudding. One word: yum.I hadn't really ever had an interest in going to Cafe Adelaide because, well, I have been to plenty of Brennan clan restaurants and I wasn't dying to get to another.  Not that I had bad experiences but sometimes I feel blinded by the sea of navy blue sport coats and khaki pants.  Anyway, I digress...
I'd probably eat in the bar next time, which was very nice, but maybe skip eating in the dining room, which I found a bit stuffy.  Our cocktails were fantastic.  I especially like the Wild Magnolia, with gin, St. Germain and magnolia bitters.  What are magnolia bitters?  I have no idea but it was good.  I also liked that their specialty cocktails were priced reasonably for the type of restaurant it is at around $8-10, unlike some, more trendy places charging $12-15 for cocktails that I didn't even think were very good.  
We ordered a bunch of appetizers and they were all good, every single one.  The salad with strawberries, tomatoes and Port Reyes was awesome, even if it was dressed pretty heavily, but the (basil-infused?) dressing was so good that I would order it as a soup.  Crab and pound cake?  Does that sound kinda weird?  I thought so but DAMN, it was my favorite thing we tried.  Or maybe those shrimp corn dogs.  Cheesecake was sort of run of the mill but the bananas foster sundae was mmm mmm good!
Service was friendly but not wonderful.  Part of it is that their bar uses 49034859758445 ingredients in every drink so I get that drinks take a long time.  However, things like someone asking for a drink and then another person asking for one while the waiter walks away happened several times.  Not bad service overall, just sort of amateur-ish.  I didn't care much though, my cocktail and appetizers were just right!Yeah---I gave them 5 stars, which is not usual for someone like me since I have worked in the industry for a good 10 years in New Orleans. 
So what if it's a hotel restaurant--I can say so what?  This is NOT like the other Brennan restaurant's I have ate at in this city, and I can tell you that I have at almost every single one in the proximity of Cafe Adelaide and by far this was the most memorable one.  I was very, very, very impressed and satisfied with the service and the quality of the food.
Someone at the firm was leaving and for a last lunch, we decided to walk over to Cafe Adelaide which is located in the Loew's Hotel on Poydras St. in the CBD area of New Orleans.
For parking, you may want to valet at the hotel, find parking at Harrah's, park at a nearby lot, or take your chance and find parking alongside the streets(watch for the meter maids.)
Im being goofy when I say this but I noticed that the chairs were wide and big enough for a heavy set person and this is good because Ive been hearing about people taking companies to court over not have sturdy and wide enough chairs for customers.  I know I know I know...
Ok...we were there for lunch so we took advantage of the 25 cents martini.  Damn damn damn it was good.  I had a Commander's Martini-if you spill any on your make sure you get the staff's attention quick for some club soda before it sets in.  You cannot beat those 25 cent martini for lunch, but they limit each person to 3 because it's lunch time.  
French bread in a bag came out along with their damn good whipped and churned butter.  The bread was not as good as Luke's but that's ok.  The waiter and backwaiter just kept on bringing 'em out hot since I wasnt caring too much about my carb count.
My choice was to go for the 2-course deal for $19.  Steep for a lunch, but one that I do not take often at all so I planned on eating everything and I did.
My entree choice was the Des Allemandes Catfish---that was the best fried catfish I have ever had in a long time!  Like it was just caught and the angler bought it to the back door of the kitchen restaurant and sold it to the chef.  Crispy fried on the outside and fork tender on the inside.  This catfish was the real friggin deal---aint no farm raised catfish here.  On the same plate was a salad which I devoured.  
Dont let me forget my choice of salad that came with my entree.  The Ponchatoula strawberry salad.  Divine divine.  Not premixed or anything.  I savored every piece.  Felt like such the pig at the table, but I took my time and savored every bit of it. Spring greens, crunchy pine nut kernels, silvers of sweet onion, and milky crumbles of Point Reyes blue cheese. The leaves of the salad were carefully tossed and coated with a white balsamic and Bocage honey vinaigrette. The combination of the sweet and subtly tart flavors of the strawberries and vinaigrette was perfect.
Man.
For desert I shared the Chocolate Bourbon Pecan pie with a scoop of ice cream--next time I am asking for a bigger scoop.  Just to see what kind of reaction I get from the server.
The service was excellent.  Our server was Kensey, out backwaiter was Leon---Leon was phenomenal.  Kensey looked a bit harried because he had other tables he was running and back forth to.  It was nice to see the managers helping to run the food and making sure that everything was great.  I like that in a business---that the manager doesnt just stand around and delegate---he gets his hands dirty and helps out.  Overall, from the time we stepped into the hotel and crossed over to the restaurant we were treated with courtesy and greeted by everyone with a smile.  It's been so long since I have given any restaurant or business a 5 star Yelp rating and on this review I gladly award Cafe Adelaide that 5 star Yelp.  YELP YOU!!!!
It was Friday and the place was packed with business lunchees.  I do have to point out that our table noticed that the restaurant was mostly all men.  Older gents and hot young ones too!!!!
They do accomodate big parties because we were 5 and to my left was a table of 20.  As for family-friendly---you may want to call ahead of time.  Reservations are strongly recommended.  Cash, credit, and debit and billing to your hotel room all accepted.  
Next time to be funny Im going to ask for the comp french bread to go with the butter and see what happens..Chris and I came here for cocktails over a year ago, and while we found the cocktails to be delicious and inventive, we hadn't really thought about trying the food. However, on our most recent trip, we waited until the last minute to make Saturday night reservations, and when we saw they had availability on Open Table, we decided to grab the reservation. I have to say, I was shocked at how blown away I was, as this was my favorite meal this last trip.
Whatever you do, make sure you start with the foie gras and truffle flatbread, but make sure to split it because, although you won't want to share, you won't have room for your entree if you eat the whole thing. This flatbread was topped with seared foie gras, caramelized onion, hand-pulled mozzarella, and pressed white truffles. This dish was so deliciously decadent, and one of the best dishes I've ever eaten.  I had the shrimp courtboulion for my entree, which was essentially shrimp and grits on steroids. These shrimp were huge, the head still on but cut to make it easy to eat, exactly the way I think shrimp and grits at an upscale restaurant should be. I thought the tomato courtboullion saucemight overpower the rest of the dish, but the flavors melded perfectly, and the saffron was a really interesting addition. My husband had a steak, which was perfectly cooked. It was rather standard compared to the other more creative dishes, but he was quite happy with it.
Because we remembered really liking their cocktails, we stuck to the cocktail list and weren't disappointed. For those who prefer wine, they did have a rather extensive wine list. Overall, I was really impressed with everything, and will definitely be back next time I'm in New Orleans.We went to Cafe Adelaide for dinner and arrived at approximately 7 p.m.   As we approached the unattended hostess stand, another couple was standing and waiting to be seated. We waited a few minutes and my husband entered the restaurant to find someone to seat the other couple and us. All of a sudden two young women come to the stand and scramble to seat the other couple and us.  Why are both of them away from the stand at once?   Then dining room was less than 50 percent full as we are seated.  Then the waiting began.  I won't go into boring time frames but I will say this was the single slowest service of food courses we have EVER encountered at any if the Brennan restaurant, I'll go as far to say at ANY restaurant.  We have been patrons of to Mr. B's countless times, at least a dozen times to Commander's Palace. We know the Brennan family has first class service.  
The servers were VERY attentive but the kitchen staff should be held completely accountable along with the manager. Two of the servers apologized explaining that "a large party in the back room" was to blame."  Great, the manager obviously was aware of a reservation for this large party, WHY did the manager fail to schedule their staff accordingly?  I hope that the two Brennan ladies that run Adelaide read this review because you are going to slowly lose patrons unless your staffing issues are solved.  It's a shame, the food was very good but the slllloooow service really damaged the experience.I was in NOLA for Jazz Fest weekend and for a conference and stayed at the W hotel across the street from The Lowes hotel/Cafe Adelaide. Let me tell you, this place blows the W hotel bar and restaurant out of the water. The food, drink, friendly staff and ambiance were amazing. Although I've only had cocktails and lunch here,  they are supposedly known for there .25cent martinis during HH. This is a great place to stop if you are around the convention center area. Highly recommended for entertaining or business get togethers. Plenty of room to socialize and drink.Another must-visit when coming to New Orleans. The food is amazing, but the service is even more so. Lovely time always.We had lunch at Cafe Adelaides today to celebrate Father's Day. Let me start my saying the food was delicious as one would expect at a Brennan's restaurant. However, the service was far, far below Lucy's Diner down the street. 
We placed our order for lunch and wine. A couple of minutes later, the server slung my husband's salad in front of him. We waited for my soup and our wine for another five minutes. Then I asked another server if he would rectify our problem because our server was not in sight. He agreed but nothing happened. Another five minutes before we saw our server and told her the problem. "Sorry 'bout that' was her response. As I read other reviews, it seems this is the norm for Adelaides.
So disappointing for a Brennan's restaurant. Management, are you there?Amazing!!! On this trip we had Mr B's & GW Fins, Cafe Adelaide was so wonderful. From the crawfish "sloppy" over French bread appetizer, shrimp salad, duck entree, biscuit pudding & extensive wine collection. Look forward to next visit!!!!Hidden inside a hotel, this is a lovely spot for some good food in the CBD.  Atmosphere is a little intimidating, but the menu is fairly simple and straight forward of classic american and New Orleans.  While the turtle soup was good, not the best in new Orleans like our waitress bragged.We heard a lot of good things from a host of many different people.  We were not disappointed and you won't be either.  All 9 things we tried were absolutely incredible. However it would be a crime to leave without experiencing the "pork and beans". Other favorites: pims cup (best I ever had), gimlet salad, pork belly appetizer.  You definitely won't leave hungry with an entree alone but the 36$ dinner certainly is a deal.Ate here tonight. Quiet restaurant, very elegant (yet a couple wearing t shirts, so obviously dressing up not required.) waiter very good. I had scallops my husband had seared gulf fish. Both meals were good. He had biscuit pudding, I had crime brûlée for dessert. Both excellent. Good place for a nice dinnerWe took a chance and brought our 2.5 year old daughter (named Adelaide) to Cafe Adelaide out on our first night in New Orleans. The restaurant is much nicer than our usual kids menu with crayons options but we figured it was worth a shot.
As soon as we sat down and the waiters made the connection that little Adelaide was dining at Cafe Adelaide they set to work to make this one of the most memorable dining experiences I have ever had. Unfortunately, at 2.5, our Adelaide probably won't remember it but we have souvenirs galore to help tell her the story when she gets older.
Throughout the meal they brought her a kids menu and crayons, tied a huge balloon to her chair, gave her a bell tied with a Cafe Adelaide ribbon to wear as a necklace and brought her a little toy to play with. All this and the food was great too! 
Adelaide seemed to like the mac and cheese (I thought it was delicious!) and everyone really enjoyed the "corn dogs" and crab and bean dip. The portions were perfect for sharing and the crusty bread was warm and yummy.
Overall we probably got the best service in the house just because we had a little Adelaide with us but it seemed like all of the other diners were enjoying themselves as well. We will definitely go back next time we visit New Orleans!I use Yelp all the time and have never left a review. As a public service, this will be my first. 
Can you give less than one star? Our friend came on Friday and had a great experience so recommended that our group come tonight. We waited to be seated for an hour (with a reservation). I enjoyed my glass of water with bitters ("a Sazerac") in this time. 
When we finally were seated, we waited a long time to place our order. My glass of wine, which the server upsold me on, came 10 minutes later: a decent pinot that I would have happily paid half that price for. When our apps finally arrived, I assumed the worst was over. They promptly proceeded to spill fries and aioli all over my friend. They were apologetic and offered dry cleaning, but comping something may have been more appropriate. On the bright side, while it was lukewarm, the turtle soup was delicious and restored my faith in my friend's palate- I believe his good experience may have been possible. 
When our mains showed up about 2.5 hours after we arrived, my friends' dish (which needed to be pork-free because of a serious allergy) had pork belly. Thankfully she smelled it and sent it back...only to be returned a dish (suspiciously quickly) which she was promised was "made fresh"...it took her two seconds to find a big hunk of pork belly. On the third try they brought her a radically altered dish, with no sauce. Maybe the sauce had pork? Which makes you wonder about the second try. 
Anyways, my pork chop wasn't horrible, but the accompaniments (petrified sweet potatoes and salted-to-death pickled something) were pretty wretched. My poor friends ordered incredibly over-salted fish, and then to torture us the servers started refusing to refill our water (i.e. avoiding us). They did, however, try to deliver cocktails that nobody ordered. Twice. 
Two hours after being seated and three hours after arriving, the server comes
to take our dessert order. Most of us had pre-ordered a prix fixe that came with dessert that we had already selected. We had been considering walking out an hour before (we were willing to defend our decision if they sent cops after us) and we were done, so we cancelled it. 
Finally we were liberated. They comped 50% of the bill and took off all the items
of our friend who they tried to poison (by the way, someone had even called ahead to
make sure they were willing to substitute). 
In a city with so many great restaurants and excellent service, I was shocked to have the worst dining experience of my life. Needless to say, I'd recommend you steer clear.Service and food was outstanding!  We were easily able to make a reservation for 730 on a friday night. We started with the turtle soup, which was hearty and delicious.  My husband had the duck confit and i had the salmon.  I highly recommend both.  The banana foster sundae was gooey perfection!  So far the best we have eaten in New Orleans.Had a wonderful waitress and was very attentive. The food on the other hand was just blah. Ordered a vegetarian omelet but it came with so few mushrooms and diced tomatoes. I'm accustomed to much more so needless to say I was a bit disappointed.  The coffee was not freshly brewed and I am a coffee snob so I can taste and smell the difference.First, I'd like to state that this is strictly reflective of the service, as the food was nothing short of delicious.
Pressing forward, we walk in (admittedly 5 minutes late for an 8:45 res) and are warmly greeted by the host. Upon entering the dining room I become acutely aware of the fact they are sparsely seated and wondered why. I asked when they close and the hostess seating my girlfriend and I responded, "9 PM". At this point, I immediately offered for us to leave -genuinely at that- as both of us work in food service as bartenders/servers. 
Graciously, the hostess insisted we sit down and get comfortable. As soon as she left, we're greeted flatly by our server stating "y'all are late", followed by a "y'all better make your decisions quickly so the kitchen doesn't yell". While we both waited for a joke to be cracked in the noticeable tension, she walked away. 
This was rounded off with an extremely underwhelming service with no checking in taking place, simply "how was it?", after we'd finished each course. Couple this with a plastered, tight-lipped smile and you can see how this would blunt anyone's experience. 
An honorable mention the other woman aiding as the server as she had none of the curt, rudeness that exuded from our server. On her part, exemplary service was demonstrated. 
If the food wasn't delicious and I wasn't excited to be enjoying the cuisine I would have most definitely taken my business to anywhere else. Will not ever recommend to anyone without mentioning the abysmal service.My daughter's name is Adelaide, so we planned to have breakfast here one morning. The whole staff was so delightful they made my daughter feel like a celebrity, giving her a balloon and special treatment. We went back the next morning and they gave us a complimentary plate of beignets. The food was delicious, especially the New Orleans French toast. Highly recommend for both the food and the great service and friendly staff.The staff was really good! They definitely took care of our group of ladies which was really cool! They were very attentive and kept coming to us with waters and our cocktails and etc. Our food was brought out to everyone in a timely fashion. The BBQ had a flavor I was not expecting. But overall it turned out to be a good meal! We had a Brunch Menu so the options were pretty good! To be honest the staff really was super attentive . The food was good. The water was good! Parking was Validated so that was good as far as parking downtown goes!Great food! You cannot beat martinis during lunchtime at $0.25!!! Ambience is fabulous.Service is deplorable. Food meh. Sorely disappointed. We are staying in hotel. Food particles left behind on seating. Poorly cleaned table surfaces. Poorly trained service staff. Just bad.The only good thing about this place was the service and the staff. 
The food was not good at all.
I had to heirloom tomato crab salad. It was a pretty small portion. The tomatoes were fresh and seamed farm-to-marketish. The flavors of the herbs and the drizzles were perfect but the crab was not prepared-today-fresh. It smelled like yesterday or day before crab. 
The shrimp with hot dog batter seemed like a good idea but... just no. The prawns were big and fresh tho.
The cheese grits were dry is and gritty, if you like them that way. I liked them alright tho. 
My friend had the 14oz bone in pork with Rizzuto. It tasted alright but the presentation made it look like food someone already chewed for you. 
Just a bunch of mush plopped on top of each other. 
Another friend had a fish fish with a succotash. It looked colorful the fish looked dry. He liked it alright. 
I feel like the menus was limited. By looking at the pics below I also think the menus has changed.Went here to try different places for breakfast around our hotel within walking distance. 
How can u possibly screw up breakfast?  Waffle maker broken, English muffin looks like it came out of the package without toasting, granola looks like a bar that was broken into big pieces. Even had to ask for butter.Went here after visiting the spa (excellent). 
Food- happy hour stuff was mediocre. My friend didn't like the gumbo. I ordered fries, which were okay. They took and hour to come out though. These were taken off the check without asking however so that's fair enough.
Drinks- we each got a specialty drink and didn't like either. We were comped two additional drinks for our long wait. But due to the taste didn't drink them. It was still nice that they sent them free of charge.
Our waitress was very nice and the ambiance was, too.So we walk in for some breakfast and I'm sporting my camo UT ballcap and the waitress informs me that the drinks are on the house because of this...  Naturally, I'm a happy camper at this point and ready to get to the food.  I had the Shrimp courtbouillon saffron-crusted Louisiana white shrimp with tomato courtbouillon, stone ground grits & Parmesan cheese.  Wow.  It was awesome!  Overall it was a great experience and the swizzle stick bar there is really a great place to have a martini.  Good stuff.We went for brunch, wore hats got a free drink. It didn't seem like the other customers were aware of this offer. Food:The shrimp corn dogs were excellent as was the shrimp and grits. Service: Our server was quite friendly and made sure we were having a good time. Not a 'party brunch spot', more of an upscale experience.Service lent mais bon, nourriture correct, portion petite,dessert sans intérêt...restaurant sans ambianceDo not waste your time. This is one of the most poorly managed restaurants I've experienced. As a guest of the hotel, I decided to eat there because going farther away in the midst of a tropical storm after traveling all day did not appeal. I usually avoid hotel restaurants as the quality is usually poor, and Cafe Adelaide lives up to that. As there was a wait for the restaurant, I opted for the bar. I was seated at a low table (most of the seating is high - barstools), which was fine, yet it seemed to make me invisible. I waited 10 minutes and was not greeted or observed by any of the staff. The bar had a fair number of guests, but was not wildly busy. After the 10 minutes, I got up and moved to a table with high seating. It had not been cleaned and was wet. A waiter said she would "be right with me." After another 10 minutes or so, a young man came over and said he was "sorry I was seated in such a mess." He asked what I wanted. I said I wanted dinner, so I would like a menu. He did not ask if I wanted anything else. A few minutes later he comes back and drops a menu on the wet table and turns to go. I asked if someone could wipe it down. He looks annoyed, but says "of course." (In restaurants, I speak clearly and respectfully and do not let snark or annoyance into my tone.) After another 5 minutes or so, the server who had she would "be right with me" came over and asked if I wanted something to drink. I ordered unsweetened ice tea. She wiped the table and left. She came back with my tea and left it. I tasted it - and it was bad. I'm a Southerner - I know my tea. Tea goes bad - sour and off. This tea was going sour. It did not taste like it had ever been fresh brewed tea, but like some kind of "product," pre-made stuff. In New Orleans - at a restaurant that was pricey and seemed to have pretentions of being upscale! The server came back to get my food order. I ordered an oyster appetizer and a bowl of gumbo for dinner. She asked if I would like bread and butter with dinner. I said yes. And then I said, without a negative tone, "This tea is not good. It's going off. Please, I would like a glass of water, with no ice." She did not respond. Not a word - but snatched the tea off the table and left, looking annoyed. The usual response to the identification of a problem in a restaurant is appreciation, if it's a problem that could affect others. Nope, not here. A few minutes later, she came back and thunked down a glass of water - with lots of ice. "I asked for no ice, please," I said in a neutral tone. Not a word, not a word, but a furious look. Water is snatched away and a few minutes later, without a word, water is brought and smacked down from behind my right shoulder, because I am not worthy of eye contact or speech. More minutes pass and then a very pleasant young woman comes over to tell me that they don't have the appetizer I ordered. I said that was OK and chose a chopped salad instead. She asked if I had ordered anything else and I said yes, gumbo. She asked if I wanted bread and butter. Yes, I said. She asked if I wanted anything else and I asked for hot tea. The temp outside was pretty cool, with the rain, but the bar's AC was still set to Arctic. I sat there and looked around. Folks looked happy, getting their food and relaxing. I realized that I had been there 45 minutes and not much had happened, except annoyance. I did not even have bread and butter, though I had been asked twice if I wanted it. And I think I got the pleasant server because the previous server did not want to serve me because of the iced tea and the no iced water. I did not feel welcomed or that my presence as a guest mattered. I was very hungry, as it was 7 in the evening. I decided to leave and I did. As the server approached me with my tea, I left, saying "I'm leaving. I'm sorry, I don't want to stay." I left and ate mediocre food at the casino across the way. But my service was prompt and pleasant and the food came quickly and was OK. I've been to NOLA a few times in the last decade. It's a great city, but does suffer at times, like many cities that focus on tourism, from an attitude of "we don't really care because you'll be gone in a day or so." That attitude was fully on display at Cafe Adelaide.The menu at breakfast is limited. Service is fair. Beignets were good, coffee service was slow.We have had amazing food during our week-long stay in New Orleans but our dinner at Cafe Adelaide last night  blew the others away!  The atmosphere was elegant yet relaxed, the service was top notch and our party of eight all raved about the food.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, the veal was melt-in-your month delicious and the tenderloin was so tender you could cut it with a butter knife.Quentin is the best! I have some complicated dietary restrictions and rarely eat out, but had a business dinner to attend. I called Cafe Adelaide and spoke to a young man named Quentin who took detailed notes, asked questions, and made suggestions. A bit later he called me back with information he had learned about the preparation of one of the possible dishes that rendered it non-compliant. I was so grateful!
Thanks to Quentin and his coordination with the chef and server, I had a delicious dinner and my colleague was none the wiser. Thank you!Looked this up while in New Orleans, looking for someone working with avant garde pairings and techniques. This came up and we gave it a shot. Mostly traditional offerings on the rest of the menu, but a section called 'Tastes' showcases some more interesting fare. Each of the four of us had a different dish, I chose the "biscuits and gravy" with duck crackling, duck confit and a foie gras gravy! Needless to say, it was amazing. My wife had some crazy oysters dish in which they managed to fry an oyster using a CRUST of somehow DRIED, cooked red beans which had been turned into a flour or powder (which is pretty creative). Really inventive and delicious. We stopped here just for an appetizer and a drink before moving on somewhere else for dinner. Awesome.Food was pretty good. Service was good. Great decor. Just seemed dead in there. I think we were one of two tables for dinner. All the food was good not amazing. The biscuit pudding was tasty but not as good as I hoped.Great service~ so helpful!  I am allergic to garlic, so I can be a challenge.  They were more than accommodating and made sure that my food was delicious WITHOUT the ingredient some many love.  BTW~ all things could be adjusted without garlic!  How wonderful was THAT!?
Everyone at the table was pleased with their salads, appetizers and entrees  (2 locals and 4 from out of town)....we were all served simultaneously (the Commander's touch!) and the drinks were equally fabulous!  
Cafe Adelaide is everything we had hope for and more!This place has $ 0.25 martinis during lunch. I was worried that the drinks would be watered down but that was not the case. I started with the fried oysters. It was really tasty. The BBQ burger was fantastic. I traded my fries for the cheese grits; that was a great decision. The grits were passed around the table and enjoyed by all. The service was good and the waiter knowledgeable. I will definitely go back (to get some more grits).I have never written a review on Yelp until now and for good reason. Just had the best shrimp and grits I have ever eaten. I can't speak for any other items on the menu but the locals said get the S&G and they weren't lyin Brian! Service was friendly and prompt on a Sunday evening.Let me start by saying that I'm not a guy who likes to pay more than $10 for breakfast.
Let me also say that I'm not a guy who---HOLY SHIT I JUST HAD THE BEST BREAKFAST I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!
This place lived up to the good reviews and beyond exceeded them.
I'll be coming back for at least one lunch and a dinner and will try to update this review afterwards, but as far as breakfast is concerned, these guys just blew me away.
I did the "Cure For What Ails You", featuring two farm fresh eggs, 4 strips of thick cut bacon, some absurdly good potato thing (Tasso Brabant Potatoes or something?), and two giant pieces of the Pain Perdue french toast and  all for under $15.
I got my eggs scrambled and they were pretty much the best eggs i've ever had, so there's that.
The Tasso Brabant Roasted potatoes were phenomenal and the bacon was grade-A as well.
But the real kicker was the French Toast. This. Is. Some of the best French Toast i've ever had. 
And I've had a lot of French Toast in this life. And most of it good. And this was better than that most. Toast.
So good.A friend and I went to Cafe Adelaide last night. We both live in New Orleans. I had a Travel Zoo Local Deal voucher that I had purchased and since it is a Brennan restaurant, I had hopes it would be as fantastic as every other Brennan restaurant I have eaten in for decades. This was absolutely not the case. Once our server realized we had what she called a "Zoo thing" our not so good service dropped drastically. We ordered a fair amount of food, far beyond what was covered by our voucher. The service was painfully slow. All of our food came out at once and it was all cold. The "mushroom and arugula flatbread" was more like cold pizza with not a single mushroom on the entire thing and he Parmesan fries were extremely cold. Not only that, but our server didn't apply the voucher correctly.
I understand that servers may not like these voucher deals, but do not take it out on patrons who will spend a good deal of money at the restaurant regardless of the voucher. And quite honestly, if it weren't for the voucher, I never would have gone to that restaurant. What a stunningly disappointing experience, especially from a Brennan Family restaurant.
And I won't even get into the wines by the glass section of the wine list.They easily accommodated our large party with minimal wait as they set up the table. Service was pretty quick. We loved the gumbo, bbq shrimp, Parmesan fries, and chicken; however, the cat fish was over dry and in desperate need of some sauce to accompany the cole slaw. Overall a good meal.Had a great breakfast by myself there.  Very tasty waffle and eggs and some good coffee.  Pricey I must say though.We've been to Cafe Adelaide before, but tonight was horrid.  We asked the waitress if the kitchen was still open, she said yes; we ordered.  After we ordered, we didn't see the waitress again for at least 20 minutes.  I ordered a drink with lemons, I got one lime.  When the order finally came, the soup was warm not hot.  We were told that the kitchen was closed and they had to reopen the kitchen, hence the delay.  However, the table 3 down from us had their food and the waitress fawned over them.  We had to ask for silverware, napkins, ketchup and butter for our bread; I suppose silverware and napkins are not standard items which come with food.  The fries tasted as if someone had dumped a box of salt on them.  When I told the manager about what had occurred, I was told the "next time you come in, I'll see you have a complimentary drink.  We were charged for the inedible fries, the lukewarm soup and the sub par service.  I would think that Commander's should be more than ashamed of having their name associated with this less than adequate restaurant.Out of the salmon.  Asked for the gnocchi without the crab which they would do- at the same price which was crazy expensive.  I can't eat shellfish,  everything else had bacon.  I know- I'm in New Orleans. But no accommodation at all.  And was never asked if I wanted a drink so I sat at a table with 3 other people while they ate dinner. I had water.  Very disappointing service overall.  Small small portions,  too.Cafe Adelaide is located inside the Loews Hotel which means complimentary valet. So if you have a limited lunch break, time won't be wasted looking for parking. As a part of the Brennan restaurant chain and a fan of Sobou and Mr. B's Bistro, I was excited to have lunch here. 
Cafe Adelaide fits the mold of a hotel restaurant. There wasn't anything standout about the space. It was elegant but forgetful.  
Our waiter was also pretty forgetful too. At some points he was quick to refill our waters yet at other times we had to ask and remind him to refill our water or bring drinks we had ordered. He would do the standard how are you doing but was quick to rush off before even receiving an answer. 
The excitement about lunch at some of the Brennan restaurants are the 25 cent martinis. I think about 99 percent of the people, dining in the restaurant as the time, ordered the Commander's Martini (vodka with blue curacao) but that was my least favorite. Besides the Commander's, you also have the option of the Classic (vodka or gin), Appletini or Cosmopolitan martini. Try one or try them all but for 25 cents these drinks pack a powerful punch (hence the 3 drink limit). 
My boyfriend started off his lunch with the Shrimp & Okra Gumbo. The presentation was dazzling! They present you with the bowl of rice and a cup of the gumbo on the side and poor in front of you. The gumbo has a pleasant flavor and a little bit of a bite. 
I started with the Shrimp & Tasso Corndogs. Out of the entire meal, this was the dish that stuck in my mind. I was intrigued by the sweet yet spicy flavor of the 5 pepper jelly and the cheesy taste of the Crystal hot sauce butter. It was an unique, good-tasting dish but could have improved with less sauce since it overpowered.
For his main, my boyfriend order the Absinthe BBQ Cheeseburger and requested that it be cooked medium. At far as the meat goes, it was cooked per his request but as far as taste goes, he said he felt like it was missing something. For a BBQ burger, he said he really didn't taste the sauce. 
I had the Smashed Blue Crab and Brie Po'boy. The sandwich was satisfying, but had too strong of a lemony flavor. The bread was buttery and crisp, more like a Panini than a po'boy. The pickled corn, tomato and zucchini salad was over pickled and half way through, I felt like I was drinking a jar of vinegar.
For dessert, we had to try the award winning White Chocolate Biscuit Pudding. I fancied the ice cream, was fond of the pudding but eating dessert should be this sinful experience and it wasn't.
After my meal, I left feeling like everything was adequate but not memorable. I think the saving grace was the 25 cent martinis but Brennans' offers that at some of their other/better restaurants.Hands down the best warm bread and gumbo. What a great lunch spot with great service and menu. Price is reasonable in my opinion. I got the fried oyster Cobb salad and it's really the best fried oysters that I've ever had. Definitely will go back to try dinner one day when I get another chance to visit NOLA!We started off with an excellent Ole Fashion at the bar. Then things went down hill.  Waite Staff extremely inexperienced!! A round of drinks at the table took forever and must not have been the same bartender.  However, when the food finally arrived it was delicious!   The Mac & Cheese was one of the best we've ever tasted!  The blacken Drum fish melted in your mouth!  
Great food terrible service!!How it began..
Dropped by on sat to see if i needed reservation on sun.. Lady said no..  Went Sunday and guy asked if i had reservation.. .. Offered for me to sit n lounge and eat yet there numerous seats avail .. (Not sitting at bar with kid to eat... He said oh there will be a wait i said ok how long .. "He said 15 min""" .. Then next min oh mam itll be sooner .. So impression is made he really didn't want to seat us. 
So we seated.... Got drinks .. Ordered food.. No one refilled coffee till food came. Food came grits were some yellowy color not inviting so i ex chgd for dried up potatoes that looked to be hours hold. Coffee was whack dirt tasting
Decor was beautiful and looked to portray high class ; however you can dress up and put lipstick and anything but it dont mean instant class. Im only giving it 1 star cuz i cant do less. 
Price: overpricedWe had lunch here. What a nice little place - local specialties, great fried oyster appetizer, great gumbo. 
And, get this, 25 cent martinis at lunch. Seriously. Real martinis. Yes, well vodka or gin, but still....
We all really liked our food and they had the best french bread of all the places I tried in New Orleans.
Service was friendly and helpful. 
I definitely recommend Cafe Adelaide for a nice lunch while in New Orleans.The service was good, but the food was disappointing--definitely not what I expected at this price point.  I had the Gulf fish entrée. It was encrusted with a seasoned crumb mixture that was spicy but otherwise had little flavor. The fish was served on a bed of chopped greens and mushrooms that didn't seem to be seasoned at all. We were not tempted to stay for dessert.Sad this place is closing on August 24th.  Hopefully the Swizzle Stick won't change too much once management switches.  This place is a gem in New Orleans anytime of day whether for brunch or dinner.  The menu changes often with some items staying daily including the always good Commanders Palace Turtle Soup.  I got the Honey Glazed Pork for the appetizer that was super tender and actually made great breakfast tacos the next morning for leftovers.  For my drinks I got the sidecar and rum flights.  Both were great for hot weather.  This place remains one of my favorites and my favorite bar in the city.  Highly recommend.Went for the fixed price lunch special.  I had the BBQ shrimp and my husband had the jalapeño jelly chicken.  Portions were relatively small but quality was great.   Samantha was an excellent waitress -- we never had to ask for a refill on iced tea.  25 cent martinis can't be beat!The perfect place for brunch! Was drawn in by the 25 cent martinis (VERY strong, beware), but the biggest delight of the meal was definitely the catfish--cooked to perfection!The hostess/ apparent manager was quite rude and unwelcoming. She basically tried to push away customers & out of the three couples waiting with us, she succeeded in sending two of them away. How is that good for business? We insisted on being seated, and she told us they couldn't even take our orders for 20 minutes because the kitchen was backed up. Being in the restaurant business, my boyfriend explained to her that she needed to take care of her customers in a respectful & friendly manner. The kitchen should be able to handle however many customers that are in the restaurant & the customer is the priority. She was argumentative & defensive with us and asked if we still wanted to be seated. (She still gave the impression that we weren't welcome.) We decided to stay despite her attitude. The food was good. Our server was sweet & helpful. It was 100% obvious that the lady "in charge" was a problem for everyone, and definitely a problem for business.The food was so delicious and the root beer bread pudding made me want to slap myself it was so good!Wonderful! Exceptional service and food. Although the menu is limited, there is something for everyone.  Try their shrimp and grits and any desert.  Don't forget about .25 martinis during lunch!I came here with my girlfriend for our 2 year anniversary. It was truly an amazing dinner. See, the difference between 4 stars and 5 stars is something I like to call "the mystique". And this place had it! I'm writing this review about a year later, so the fine details slip my mind. However, I do remember that our waiter provided each of us with a complimentary sample-size cocktail, and it was delicious. We split an appetizer, my girlfriend had an oyster dish, and I had the blue crab gnocchi. It was delectable. A crisp and refreshing Riesling accompanied my dinner, while my girlfriend savored a craft cocktail. We split a chocolate dessert. All-in-all, our bill was around $120-$125, tip inclusive (~18%).
Overall: 4.8 / A +I was really excited to try this place after reading the menu. Some things were great, some were not too great. I had crab salad as my appetizer, which was quite good, but the satsuma pieces that came with it weren't supremed, they had the membrane attached. Maybe that is too picky to complain about, but its a classy place so it rather surprised me. Next I had some foie gras dumplings and they were excellent. My main course was squab with truffles and it too was very good. I was all too excited for the meyer lemon tart, but it was far too sweet (and I am not afraid of sweet things) and had a large marshmellow on top, which really didn't add anything. My husband had the milk punch ice cream, which was amazing, but it came with three very large, flavorless cookies. They were all different looking, but I honestly thought they all tasted exactly the same. Bottom line, skip dessert, oh and I wasn't too keen on the cocktails either. Overall I had a pleasant experience (the service was very good) but I really didn't feel it was worth the bill.The restaurant has comfortable seating and a bustling atmosphere, but it's not too loud- just right.  Good synchronized service typical of Brennans restaurants.  I had the Beef Tournedoes and my dining partners both had the Gulf Fish under a brick, which was Drum.  The beef was great and the fish was even better.  Finished with the white chocolate biscuit pudding a la mode, which was delicious and nicely textured.  Dark, rich coffee was served with hot cream.
One mild complaint- bread came out a little too long after the main course, but it wasn't a big deal to us.
As a side note, this is a fun place to have cocktails, either at the bar or in the comfortable lobby lounge, which looks and feels like a giant uptown mansion's parlor.  It's really nice to have drinks/coffee there in the winter and sit in front of the giant fireplace.Love the beautiful blue and yellow tones of the restaurant. Very nice. That's why I gave 3 stars for looks and cleanliness. The server seemed very depressed and walked with no motivation whatsoever. She set the mood for us and not in a positive way. The coffee taste like pepper and dirt. I hate to say it but that's the first thing I thought. The toast seems cheap (bimbo bread) for being a beautiful elegant restaurant.  My oatmeal was good. Eggs were dry. My dads yogurt and gronola looked good. My moms waffle looked boring.  I love breakfast it's my favorite meal of the day but this one didn't do it for me. Overpriced!For the Shrimp and Grits from Cafe Adelaide alone I would go back to New Orleans.  The shrimp "corn dogs" I thought was just okay though.  I would definitely put getting the shrimp and grits from Cafe Adelaide on my top 10 to do list if I visit New Orleans again.Great! Fantastic! Wonderful!   Food - Service - everything!
We had a special party - reserved the Turtle room and it was worth ever bit!!
Just do it!!Can't wait to go back to Cafe Adelaide.  My husband and I  thought that the food was absolutely delicious, especially the Rougaloux eggs, veal tamale, and carrot cake!  Even the chopped salad was no ordinary salad! As a local, I have many choices of great New Orleans food, but admittedly I had never been here before this week's visit. What a great find!Will update review later, but what an absolutely horrific way to begin our last day in New Orleans. Lethargic service, mistaken orders, food that never came, cold eggs, a lunch that lasted about an hour longer than it should, sloppy effort.  Expected better. Taints the Commander's brand.I loved my experience here. I agree with another reviewer, this is a more chill version of Commanders. Food was delicious. Staff was attentive and knowledgeable. Was there on a Monday night and we practically had the place to ourselves. We had the Foie Gras Toast and Blue Crab Pound Cake. The latter was remarkable and so good, the former was tasty, but not uber-exciting. Entrees were awesome! Shrimp on Shrimp on Grits was great! Balsamic Glazed Duck on gnocchi was one of the best duck dishes I've had in the city. Cooked to perfection. Split the Bananas Foster Banana Split for dessert, was very very good,and not overly sweet, but I wish they had set it on fire to complete the Banana's Foster. Even still... Nom Nom nom nom nom....
Enjoyed it all with a  signature Adelaide Swizzle from the Bar and reminded me that alcohol was always what was missing from my Italian Soda.Did not have the best experience, unfortunately because the atmosphere is very charming. We had extremely poor service, with notably other tables that also were not being waited on. It took nearly 20 minutes after receiving our drinks for the waitress to return to our table to take our order. On a positive note, the berry salad was tasty and the fruit trifle was amazing. Sadly, the main course-pork did not live up to expectations and was very dry and fatty. I would not return for food, but maybe dessert and drinks, and only if I'm not in a rush.Service was great. They were still serving breakfast, but we wanted to order from the brunch menu and the chef/waitress were very accommodating. Food was ok. The shrimp corn dogs and the shrimp and grits were pretty good. The omelette my husband ordered was eh. He wasn't impressed. The manager (I'm assuming) was walking around snapping his fingers at the staff which I thought was rude. Way better options!Great hotel restaurant bar.  Our drinks at the bar were fantastic.  We got a great table that made for delectable people watching on Valentine's Day.  Had my first turtle gumbo!  Sad that a turtle had to go, but it was yummy.  Service is great and I'm glad we went a bit out of our way to go there.was good and accomidated us at the last minute.  Food was a little salty but good.  The Swizzles are great...taste just like I remember from Bermuda.I absolutely loved it! From the atmosphere, to the friendliness of the bartender, to the attentiveness of the manager, I was please before I even got my food. I ordered the Crawfish beignets and an order of fries for lunch. The Crawfish Beignets were outstanding and had a very unique Creole taste to them. I thought the fries were a little hard but the spices that they had put on them and the sauce served definitely helped make up for it. What a wonderful place for lunch!Can't even cut through the turkey, $60 and only got three small pieces. Sweet potatoes was salty, oyster stuffing was fishy. Avoid it like the plague.
Chef sucksWe had:
Fresh bread
Fried oysters with citrus salad
Turtle soup
Pork chop
Brussel sprouts
Grits
Adelaide steak
Delicious!Amazing dinner...had the green Chile Salmon and it was cooked to perfection.  Couldn't understand why the place was not busier.   Definitely glad we went here.This is a favorite place for lunch with the girlfriends or my foodie group.  Yes, everyone likes the 25 cent martinis, but we love the food. The catfish & grits, those pork chops & the fried oyster appetizer are just FAB. Every item that I've had on the menu has been good eats.  
Now the only thing I was disappointed about was back in July (Monday after the 4th of July weekend) , we had reservations (20 people) for lunch (made 2-3 months ahead of time) and got there to find that we couldn't have lunch.  We were told only brunch was being served the whole day. My foodie group had people in from TX, VA, MI, LA & CA to experience what my New Orleans members had been bragging about.  The chef wouldn't budge on preparing something other than breakfast for us. That was shocking. Bad customer service from him. The poor waiters went over & beyond to try to make us happy even though they knew we were not.
PLEASE don't ever do that again.  If so, you could have at least called me to let us know the lunch menu changed to an only brunch menu.  Most of us had already had breakfast earlier, and the menu was 75% breakfast.The service really is great as everyone has mentioned...but the food ( or at least my food) was awwwwful.  First, I'd like to mention that I ordered the spinach salad with goat cheese.  There was NO GOAT CHEESE IN MY GOAT CHEESE SALAD.  I pointed this out...and they brought me a side of goat cheese.  Not a huge deal, so let's move on.  I also ordered the Monday special, which was skirt steak with chimichurri sauce over arugula.  I ordered this because I was not familiar with the restaurant and I figured this was a very simple, flavorful recipe that was HARD to ruin.  Somehow they failed miserably with my meal.  The steak was medium-well and incredibly chewy (my mouth started to hurt). And my arugula was swimming in dressing.  "Dressing with salad" rather than salad with dressing is how I can best describe it.  The dressing was very spicy, salty, and sweet, with no distinct flavor (by dressing I mean chimichurri sauce). My boyfriend didn't care for his dinner either.  He said it was overly salty, and he couldn't even finish his cocktail because it tasted so strange. Anyway, I'm not a super picky eater, but this is the one time I was ready to ask for my money back.  For a place that appears nice, I was rather surprised.  I would have rather had a dinner at the cheesecake factory, olive garden, etc.The spices were not impressive.  The food was overall nothing to write home about.  A little disappointed.Beautiful place. Saturday Brunch with colorful balloons and ladies with fancy hats. Bacon, eggs and grits was awesome. Coffee strong.Café Adelaide was on my list as soon as the Coolinary list dropped, so I was excited to try it.
We made reservations, and it's a good thing we did because lunch time on a Friday gets packed at this lovely hotel restaurant. Since Café Adelaide is Brennan owned, I went in with naturally high expectations.
I had looked over the Coolinary menu before we got here, so I knew exactly what I was getting. I started off with a bowl of the Commander's turtle soup. I think that Commander's has some of the best turtle soup in town and, since this is the same recipe, this bowl didn't disappoint. The broth was delicious and there was a generous amount of meat. Even though it was a "special" menu, the serving was quite generous.
For my entree, I got the BBQ shrimp and grits. Tasty tail-on BBQ shrimp over chilis, pork belly, and grits with a sweet BBQ glaze. I liked that this was different from typical shrimp and grits in that it was a little bit sweeter because of the glaze. The shrimp were nice and fat and everything blended together perfectly.
For lunch, they have 25 cent martinis, if that's your thing (limit three). The Coolinary menu really can't be beat- the turtle soup and shrimp and grits lunch cost $20. Staff was friendly but was clearly a bit overwhelmed by the crowd. I loved the "dressy casual" atmosphere of the place and large windows let in a lot of natural light and make for a nice experience. I will return.came back for a dinner and a lunch and both were phenomenal
if you don like this place, your mouth is broken.Stopped here on the recommendation of some family for the shrimp and grits. Imagine how disappointed we were to see it wasn't even on the menu. 
Our server was great. My mom's dish of blue crab truffle frittata was also great. That's where the good ended.
My meal of eggs Benedict came out cold and honestly had no flavor. My boyfriend's New Orleans power breakfast also came out cold and in no way was worth 14.50 - two eggs, barely better than McDonald's bacon and a meager helping of potatoes. 
Honest opinion, save your money, skip Cafe Adelaide and their generic cookie cutter hotel restaurant and go find some real New Orleans flavor!Food here is amazing. My family and I ate here everyday while visiting. We know good food, too, because we were born and raised in NOLA.  Gumbo was some of the best I have ever had. Why 4 stars and not 5? Slow service.  Everyone was very polite.  However, there was no follow up.  Once the meal was brought, each time I never saw anyone again and had to flag down someone even to get the check.  
Besides that, I would highly recommend.As I begin to write this review I'm struck by the thought of "look at what I've been missing".  The entrance is located on Poydras street inside of the Loews Hotel. The food is absolutely amazing. 
We started off our meal with the Shrimp & Tasso "Corndogs". Their description on the menu reads: wild white shrimp dipped in tasso corndog batter with 5 pepper jelly, pickled okra, & Crystal hot sauce butter sauce $8.50. You get two of these which is just the perfect amount for two people if you are about to order the Absinthe Barbecued Double Cut Pork Chop, which I did. Their menu description reads: sweet and smokey glazed sweet sweet potatoes, pickled fennel, grilled baby bok choy & Absinthe bbq sauce  $38.00.  It's worth every penny of that price tag. 
My wife had the Cast Iron Baked Blue Crab n' Dumplings the menu description reads: 
Louisiana blue crab & gnocchi with roasted garlic, local soybeans, Creole tomatoes, mushrooms, corn-leek veloute & lemon-Parmesan crust, $26.00 . My wife was not impressed, although the flavor was there the texture was mushy. The gnocchi seemed to disappear in the dish, you could not taste it, see it or feel it . She wished she had gotten something else. 
The dessert consisted of what was simple but fantastic and loaded with flavor which was the Peanut Butter Stuffed Chocolate Cake. 
The service was spot on, his name was Raj! He recommended the Pork Chop and I'm glad I took his recommendation. We will definitely be returning again.Very friendly staff! The food is good, I loved the Shrimp and Grits! I would recommend to try for lunch or brunch. On the weekend for brunch, if you wear a hat. (Not a baseball cap), you receive three of their "featured" drinks free.There is a reason why every other brunch place has a line out the door when this is half empty. So if you wear a hat to brunch you get free drinks or something. But other than that, the food was not good. The shrimp and grits was salty and sweet but lacks complexity. The turtle soup was just salty. It also took a very long time (like 30 minutes) for the food to arrive with a half-empty restaurant. It's expensive, too. No way I am going back.Went for Happy Hour Super Bowl Sunday. Enjoyed it a lot!
Had the 1-1-1 soup. Turtle soup was OK. The soup of the day was probably the tastiest. Had fried Oysters- first time for me. liked them a lot. Catfish was OK. For desert had bread pudding- quite a disappointment. 
But the service was great and you can't beat watching a game at a bar.My husband and I dined at Cafe Adelaide for a late weekday breakfast before leaving town.  We were sadly disappointed by the service.  With only three or four other tables seated in the restaurant, we requested coffee refills three times before finally getting refilled 20 to 30 minutes later.  Our eggs, bacon, and potatoes were fine, but nothing special.  They were out of gluten-free muffins and we requested a bowl of fruit (blueberries and strawberries) instead.  The strawberries were brown and appeared to have been sliced days ago... I couldn't believe they served it!  We were pleased with the hotel (Loews) and bar (Swizzle Stick), but Adelaide missed the mark.The food & service are always great. I love their lunch specials, and you can't beat the 25 cent martinis!This place is in the Lowes Hotel, so not quite the New Orleans experience.  Same owners as Commander's Palace.  The turtle soup was pretty ordinary.  The gumbo was better and was quite tasty.  Weird way of serving bread in its bag though.
As noted by others, service was a bit slack though.  Took some to e to get seated even though the place wasn't that crowded and also to get more bread to go with the gumbo.  Almost finished the gumbo by the to e more bread came.
Bottom line, okay place but there are so many other better places to go nearby.Thank you Café Adelaide for reminding me how much I enjoy a good dirty martini. Two kids had made me forget and all it took was a few days in New Orleans to remember. 
If I ever moved to New Orleans I'd have to have a personal trainer come live with me. They may have some delicious food, but it's also ridiculously heavy. And the food here at Cafe Adelaide is no exception.
My party of 4 did a nice job of trying several things off their tasty sounding menu. Some of it was awesome such as the fries (I was totally guilty of eating them all), flat bread app and even the brussel sprouts. And some of it was just OK such as the bacon wrapped oysters and shrimp and grits. If I were to go back I'd likely stick w/ a few apps and sides...and of course a few of their dirty martinis.I made a reservation, as we were in NOLA for Christmas and wanted to be sure we'd find someplace nice for dinner. We arrived a little early, so we told the maitre'd that we'd be waiting in the bar. We saw him come through about 15 minutes later, he looked right at me, but kept going and never said my name. About 5 minutes later, I had a missed call from the restaurant on my phone, but when I called back there was no answer. So I went to the desk to inquire about my reservation. At first, the woman said "Let me see if we still have your table". This was at 7:24, and my reservation was for 7:30. When I asked if they had given my table away, she said "Well, he couldn't find you." Excuse me? Then the gentleman came back and said "There you are! Why didn't you answer me? I was calling your name." Again, excuse me? I told him "You looked right at me and never said my name", and he replied with a name that is not mine. By this point the manager had come over, who promptly took us to our table with an apology. Once we were seated, the rest of the evening went beautifully, with attentive wait staff and fabulous food. I had the pork osso buco which was melt in your mouth tender, and my friend had the white wine shrimp (both part of their special Christmas menu), which she said was the best shrimp she's ever had. We really wanted dessert, but were so full by the time we finished our meals that we couldn't do it. So aside from the rough start with the reservation, everything else was wonderful.Amazing!!!! Shrimp corn dogs, pork belly, boudin balls are fabulous. Skillet fish, shrimp and grits, I can't describe how fabulous. Even better, staff is beyond wonderful!!!!  A definite go to place!!!!!Café Adelaide was a stop on our celebration tour after I passed the bar exam!
We went here for lunch after the swearing in ceremony, and we were not disappointed.
When the staff heard that we were celebrating, they sent over an interesting "secret ingredient" shot, that started our celebration off right! Also, while I'm on the subject of alcohol, 25 cent martinis are a thing, and they do not disappoint. 
I ordered the BBQ burger, which was delicious, but the real star was the lemon-herb parmesan French fries! YUM!
I also had the Vanilla Bean Crème brulee and it was everything in a crème brulee that I hoped it would be. 
Everyone at our table got something different, and no one was disappointed. 
Service is warm and hospitable, and they offer free parking! Café Adelaide is such a fun atmosphere, and great for a celebration. We will definitely be back!Ran all over town looking for chicken soup for my pregnant wife, with absolutely no success! A quick thinking employee went over and beyond... made a couple of calls and had me a cup of soup to-go! (By the way "chicken soup" want on the regular menu) The bartender even took care of my quest for 7-Up!
Thanks guys!The cosmos?! Ah-mazing. Food was fantastic, service was a little slow - would love to go back again when I have more time to enjoy!This place was amazing, went last month for a Saturday night dinner: was able to get a reservation a few hours prior.  Loved: the upscale ambience, the service, and best of all: the food!  Prices were reasonable (not a bargain by any means though).
It was SO excellent.  Had the shrimp & grits, a flatbread as appetizer, a cocktail (can't remember which one): which was great, by the way and a glass of wine with dinner.
Next time I'm in NoLa, I'll be going back!Our first dinner in New Orleans. We got the prefix dishes. I had the turtle soup (the sole reason when we went coz we couldn't get a reservation at the Commander's Palace), the Black Skillet Seared Black Drum, and creme brulee as my dessert.
The soup was hearty, though a bit salty for my taste. The entrees are a pretty good portion, I was def stuff. The creme brulee was also amazing.
oh and the bread...how can I forget the bread??? crispy crust on the outside and super soft and not too dense on the inside...just how I like my french baguettes...Cafe Adelaide was on my list for a while. Once coolinary came around I gave it a try. The conclusion is poor execution.
The location is great. The space is nice and open but looks boring. WTH is with the balloons at the table? Are we at chuckie cheese? And since there is no dress code, you get tons of tourists in shorts and flip flops. 
We came for brunch to enjoy the $0.25 martinis.  The menu sounds creative.  Shrimp corn dogs?? yum.  but no, they are covered in a cheese sauce?? gross.  A drizzle of the pepper jelly hidden under the pool of cheese would have been enough.  
Gumbo: Despite the dark roux, it was bland... didnt even eat it. 
Salad: same thing... zero flavor.  That homemade anchovy-buttermilk dressing should have had more punch like a caesar. 
Garlic & Red Chili Crusted Cocodrie Shrimp: Wow that sounds amazing!!
Wild White shrimp flambeed in local sugarcane rum with "back bone" vegetables, Jazzman rice and a vibrant sweet-spicy coconut curry shirmp head broth.
...but wait there was no sugarcane rum flavor to be found. and the "back bone" vegetables?  there were hidden pieces of peppers swimming in the curry.  Now the curry made with shrimp head broth? That was flavorful but the entire dish could have been so much more.
South Peters Sardou:  ..whoever wrote this menu is a master of the tongue.
Poached egg nestled into smokehouse pork debris over a garlic roasted artichoke & spinach cake with Herbsaint spiked cream and smoked paprika Hollandais
This dish was so extremely salty that it was inedible. We tried and feared becoming sick and had to stop.  Both the pork and the cake were over salted.   Herbsaint spiked cream and smoked paprika Hollandais?  who knows, couldn't get past the salt.
The service was good and the waitress was very accommodating. They noticed how dissatisfied we were with our meal and made an adjustment to the bill.  But in the end, I won't be back.I would not rate this as fine dining...or at least my experience there was not.  
Started off with the foie gras flatbread appetizer.  What a disappointment.   Didn't know that someone could screw up foie gras so bad.  Completely flavorless and was not seared very well.   The other items (Mozarella and mushrooms) on the flat bread fell short as well and was very bland and oily.
The turtle soup was not bad and was probably the best thing I had all night.
My entree was the duck and I told them that I wanted it medium rare.  As I cut into it I found it was cooked medium well.  I should of have sent it back but by this time it was late and I just wanted to get out of there and go to my hotel room and snooze.
I would not recommend this place to anyone if they are looking for fine dining in NOLA.My wife and I had breakfast there this morning. Omelette was very good, quality, presentation.  Coffee did not meet my expectations.This was my third or fourth visit to Cafe Adelaide in about 10 years, but my first for breakfast/brunch.  My past lunch and dinner experiences have actually been good.  However, this experience was nothing less than atrocious. Extremely disappointed in the service, the atmosphere, and the food.  We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation, and were seated anyways - but another patron who was at the hostess stand was getting some kind of runaround that was making others waiting in the area uncomfortable.  The table we were seated at felt grimy, there was only a pepper shaker apparent on the table, we were missing place settings, and we had to request water service.  No bread was provided for the table, and then no butter was provided for any of the dishes that came with biscuits or toast.  We were treated by the servers like they were in a hurry and wanted us out of there as quickly as possible.  Not even asking if we had everything we needed for our meals after the food was shoved onto our tables, they'd toss food at us and run off.  Hello salt, hello tabasco, hello FORKS.  When the server was taking drink order, I asked for a virgin bloody mary and he tersely responded "what, you just want v8?" as if a virgin concoction with spice and appropriate garnishes has never been served in the city of New Orleans.  The waffles were brought out without the promised "pecan topping" and even without maple syrup! My omelet was sent back to the kitchen twice because it was cooked with incorrect ingredients, and once because it was still literally running raw egg out of the omelet, when I pointed out the running raw egg to the food runner he actually ROLLED HIS EYES at me.  The menu said the omelet came with greens, which never appeared on either three versions that were brought back from the kitchen.  The biscuits were soggy and undercooked.  The aforementioned bloody mary wasn't even wiped clean before being brought out so it left a trail of tomato juice across one guest to the next as it was plopped down on the table by the server rushing off to his next task. We then actually had to flag someone down and ask if perhaps they might consider wiping the bloody mary trail off the table for us.  The piece d'resistance was after I get fed up by all of the details bothering us, I called over the manager and his breath REEKED of cigarette smoke (no Altoids?!!) . This restaurant has ZERO attention to detail and the food isn't even that spectacular to forgive all of the horrendousness we endured, it made me scared of what was going on in the kitchen.  The manager comped two of our dishes, but that's not what we were seeking.  We weren't looking for free food.  We wanted competent service and an enjoyable occasion as we were celebrating a pre-parade breakfast for our Mardi Gras club.  Instead we started our day of celebration on a sour note.I had a quick dinner at Cafe Adelaide this evening.
I was dining solo and so I opted for a spot at the bar.
I had the gumbo and the brussel sprouts.  Yum!!!  Both were delicious!  The brussels were really really really flavorful.
Dinner came out to about $15, so reasonable.Enjoyed Xmas dessert, drinks
Amazing Dark Chocolate Toffee Cake
espressomousse,maceratedblackberries 8.
Impeccable service and great ambience.
Fast service and inviting ambience.We stayed at Loews and assumed the restaurant would be good. We were wrong! Bad service and not very good food. The coffee was late and cold, eggs benedict was barely edible and the banana filled toast dish was super sweet. They can, and should, do so much better.Cafe Adelaide has been on my list of Brennan's restaurants to visit for awhile, so I decide while not go during their highly recommended recommended. It was my birthday and those 25 cent Martinis just seem like too good of a deal to pass by. As soon as I was walked in I was greeted by the hostess with a jingle bell Cafe Adelaide necklace and promptly seated. 
The restaurant did not disappoint in regards to excellent service, ambiance and cuisine. My waitress brought a piping hot loaf of French breach within moments of me being seated. I tried the Commanders Martini for lunch with my meal. The sweet blue martini packed punch and I would definitely order it again. 
I ordered the Lemongrass Drum Succotash for my entrees. The fish was masterfully prepared and tasted excellent. The succotash was composed of local root vegetables and I did not enjoy it. I'm not a fan of beets and I the beets to overpowering. I also found the succotash to be quite bland.Best food I've had in a hotel. My favorite is the shrimp on shrimp with red grits. Not your typical shrimp and grits dish. Highly recommend having a meal there if you're in New Orleans.I'm only person at the bar and ordered a burger and fries. 20 min later still waiting while waitress blathers to poor trapped bartender about earwigs and how gross they are. She's describing in detail while the only customer waits on food. Earwigs. Come on.