Horrible experience,  went off the 4* reviews, not even close. We had a man digging in the trash next to us, coughing and talking to himself. Made everything uncomfortable and the food un-enjoyable. Got up n just left.We came here for the gumbo and it was not what we expected at all.  I don't think there were any vegetables in it.  The spicing was nice, but I'm just not a meat lover.  If you want to have their food, I would suggest eating somewhere else as the ambiance here is... odd? lacking?A local gem. The boiled seafood not on the menus hanging from ceilings but rather on small signs. 
Got a pound of crawfish and a pound of shrimp. High recommend the crawfish. They are the smaller kinds. It is only $5 and is very saucy and just right amount of spices. 
The shrimp is actually quite disappointing. It is more expensive $8 a pound but I can tell the shrimps are not fresh at all. Probably dead for a long time before they cooked them since the meat and the shell completely stick together. 
I heard the cooked food are good too but to me they look kind of like American Chinese food similar to Panda Express. 
People here are very nice though. I got confused with the menus and quite a few people helped me out. There are a lot of homeless around the area. I would suggest you to take a lyft and leave right after.The fried food was horrible, it wasn't fried crispy enough. The seasoning was bland, and only taste like a pinch of Cajun spice. The chicken wings wasn't cooked all the way. Now the broiled food was good except the neck bones they were tough as heck and only had Cajun seasoning on them.Reasonably priced and BOMB.  We had crawfish, shrimp, and snow crab--would recommend them all!  There was a medium-sized line but like the other reviews mentioned, the line is very fast.  There are a few tables inside for eating there, but it's not a restaurant so don't expect any sort of service.
It's not located in the best area so I wouldn't suggest walking there in the p.m.Crawfish were fantastic, really amazing and unique flavor. Shrimp Po'Boy was pretty good as well. Wasn't a fan of the Gumbo, but think that's just a personal preference thing - I hadn't ever tasted anything quite like it so maybe it just would take a little getting use to. Be prepared to wait in line for 30 minutes.Excellent! This has been the only place where I can truly say I got my money's worth.  All of the boiled foods were very well seasoned and finger licking good. I would recommend going during day light because the neighborhood looked kind of scary but I would take the risk any day, these people are very blessed in culinary styleAverage price for crawfish and seafood plates. The restaurant itself is overall clean and the staff are friendly. The crawfish was very salty with little to no flavor. If you're looking for the Asian style crawfish boil, you may be disappointed although owned by a Vietnamese family. The location can be sketchy.My family loves this place. My grandma always comes here. We ordered 50lbs of crawfish, shrimp,  an order of corn on cob and poboy sandwiches. The crawfish are preboiled and were up in seconds. Crawfish were just sitting in juices so it made it a lil salty as well as the shrimp. My family didn't think so though. The poboys were delicious and so was the corn. I had hot sausage. Mom had shrimp. There is plenty liquor to order. I bought a mini grey goose and a couple of bud lights. Drinks make everything better. Too salty?  No problem. Grab a cold one.Best cajun seafood we've ever had! Very fresh and delicious! There is always a long line but the wait time is not long at all. The price is very reasonable and there are plenty of seats and tables inside. Their sausage and corns are tasty too!!Oh my Goodness!!! I got stationed here a few weeks ago due to being in the Army and this was the first place I had some seafood.... Let me just say the food was soooo delicious!!!! The corn on the Cobb and the crawfish was so damn good. I will definitely make this my go to place.Great recommendation from my Lyft driver. Absolutely the best crawfish that I have ever eaten. If you go you must also try a boiled turkey neck. Unexpectedly delicious.The best gumbo in town. Shrimp po boy is excellent as well.Thhhhhhheeeeeeeeeee BEST SEAFOOD IN NEW ORLEANS!! TRUST ME! THIS?! Is the place you wanna go for your crawfish , shrimp, crab, and fixings ....don't waste your time or money going anywhere else lolThis place was really delicious - you can tell the seafood is extremely fresh and the quality is great. My friends got the shrimp which they all thoroughly enjoyed, the crawfish didn't have a ton of meat. I got the shrimp po-boy sandwich which was really delicious as well. I ended up getting the 12 inch which was a mistake since it was huge, I think the bun size would have been a more reasonable size for me. The corn is also extremely delicious - it's soaked in their spicy sauce and I would recommend giving it a try.
The place is in a bit of a run down area and you'll mostly see locals here - they had a police officer manning the door when we went to control the flow of people in and out of the place because it was so busy. But don't let the area deter you, the food is worth it!A classic Shrimp Po-Boy was at the top of our must-have eats during our trip to New Orleans.  We drove right past Cajun Seafood on our way into town and I remember commenting on the simplicity of the store name. But true to its name, this place is straight-forward and serves amazing New Orleans seafood and killer po-boys.
The 18" Shrimp Po-Boy was truly the foodie hightlight of our trip and for $14, it's a steal of a deal for two people. The crunchy pickles and fresh, sweet, lightly fried shrimp totally make the sandwich.
They sell an ocean of seafood prepared a million different ways including fresh fish, crab, and crawfish where they're in season.
There's no doubt in my mind that if I lived in New Orleans, this would be go-to spot for all my seafood needs. If you're visiting the Big East and looking for local eats then check out Cajun Seafood - you'll LOVE it!Line was ridiculously long the entire time I was there. I waited 1 hour just to put my order in, and then another 20 minutes for them to call my order. When I finally got my food it was very tasty but the crawfish were very small and overcooked so it made it hard to get the meat out because the shell kept falling apart. The food was good but I wouldn't wait on that line again.This seafood is super delicious! We had crab legs, medium shrimp, potatoes, and corn. The cajun flavors were soon good. Go to this place if you want good eats in New Orlean! You won't be disappointed!!!!Hidden gem!  My favorite meal in NOLA.  I knew I was at the right spot when all I saw were locals eating at this place.  Delicious boiling crab like seafood style of steamed seafood cooking.  So glad we had a car to make our way outside of tourist area to enjoy this meal.  Nice owners.  Quite a gem.
Items ordere:
--boiled snow crab
--boiled shrimp
--boiled crawfish
--corn
--sausages
--fried catfish
All items were delicious.  We ordered 4 pounds worth of food and ate it all between 3 people.Food: Great Crawfish! The seasoning is delicious, not too salty, not to spicy. I love it. They have a huge variety of other food, but we stuffed ourselves with 12lbs of crawfish and was unable to even move after that, so we didn't try the other stuff. So what do we do? We come back the next day! We tried their gumbo, fried rice, corn, sausage and more crawfish! The other stuff was okay,  but I rather fill my tummy with their crawfish. 
Service: EXCELLENT! The people here are so friendly and chill! Quick service! I can see myself being there all the time if I lived in New Orleans!The boils are spicy so beware!  But if you can take it.. boy this place delivers.  Go with a small gumbo, a lb or two of crawfish but you HAVE to order some king crabs.  This seafood shack is off the grid but worth the detour.  The locals were confused why we were taking pictures of our food... so we took it easy and played down the yelping a bit.  I would def make a stop here if I was visiting NOLA again.If you want authentic creole food in NOLA, this is the joint. Not pretty but clean, sketchy neighborhood with a few sketchy characters roaming in and out but the nice people in line ordering helped me make my decisions and made me feel welcome. I followed this suggestions: crawfish, corn, turkey neck and gumbo. They bag up your precooked items and hand them to you and you simply find a place to sit down and dig in using your hands and dozens of napkins. 
The gumbo is called out and you come pick it up. Just a spoon and styrofoam cup with a side of rice. Nothing fancy but my oh my that is the best gumbo I have ever eaten d I ate a lot of gumbo this week. 
The crawfish were great, the corn was nice and spicy and the turkey neck was surprisingly really good. A little tough to eat but worth it. 
In fact besides the gumbo, everything I ate was a challenge not to destroy what I was wearing. I still managed. Nice spot on my shorts. But it was all worth it. 
I'll say it again- the best gumbo ever. Seafood, andouille and chicken. All getting along together. Just like me and the good people of Cajun Seafood. This is my go-to joint when I come back to NOLA.The restaurant had plenty of options at great prices. I only had the crawfish, sausage and corn and it was good with proper spices. One thing I wish they would have done was purge the crawfish. I also got a lot of smaller crawfish, which I wasn't too thrilled about.  I would definitely go back to try some of the other things, but probably would not get the crawfish again. The poboys and snow crab legs looked good.These people know how to cook seafood. We went balls to the wall and ordered the 1 lb of crawfish, 1/2 of dungness crab and the catfish plate. The crawfish and crab were spicy and delicious. The catfish plate was huge, cooked fresh to order and was piled high with fish and fried rice. The only con was the fish was a little too salty for my tastes, other than that it was great meal at a great price.So glad I went to where the locals eat. Like everyone says delicious food and inexpensive. I did not want to shell out $30 for lunch. I paid half as much and got twice the food which I happily munched on for lunch and dinner. Parking's a b**** though.Seafood platters are a good deal. But get a fried turkey wing, you know for your"health." Prices on raw seafood are great. Quality is good.We asked several Uber drivers and locals where to get a good oyster po-boy and landed on this spot.  It is a total hole-in-the wall, in the ghetto, but the oyster po-boy was GOOD.  It was pretty price though, we ended up spending $38 on the 2 of us...which was a lot for a place in the ghetto!  All that said, I would totally return!!We checked out this place based on all the excellent reviews on yelp. My bf was craving crawfish late at night, but he didn't want to go too far away from the hotel. We decided to get Postmates to deliver us some crawfish. 
The crawfish was $5.99 a pound, which was such a good deal. I really enjoyed the way they made their crawfish, the seasoning was really good and super addicting. I didn't think that be crawfish were that fresh, but it was still tasty. We also got a pound of shrimp. Do not get the shrimp! It was over cooked dry and rubbery. We couldn't even eat it, so had to throw it out. Definitely get crawfish from here and order a few more pounds because we couldn't get enough! 
We will probably get it again before we leave to get our crawfish fix out of the way.As a tourist and my first time in NOLA, I can't exactly claim to know anything about what a crawfish boil should be like, but I do know that this was amazingly delicious seafood. 
I came here with the boyfriend after searching for crawfish boil on yelp. This was close to where we were staying and came with high reviews. I'm so glad that Yelp did not steer me wrong. We ordered 1lb of shrimp, 1lb of crawfish, 2 pig's feet, 4 corn and a small container of fried rice ("we need some carbs," said the boyfriend. Psh, I thought. I can subsist entirely on a diet of seafood.). We ordered at the counter and everything got put into plastic bags. There was some tables around and we sat down and dined. It was crawfish season so we paid $4.99/lb for crawfish and $8.99/lb for shrimp. All told, it was about $20. 
It was SO much food, but so good. It was the right level of spice without it being overwhelming. We could still taste the seafood as we sat down sucking on crawfish heads.  My favorite was definitely the crawfish, followed by the shrimp. The corn was tasty, but a bit overcooked so that the texture was a bit mushy. The pig's feet was just okay. It wasn't particularly flavorful, but I'm glad I tried it.My first time! It was great! The line will be long but it is worth the wait!! We really enjoyed the gumbo, crab legs, corn and sausage. I will visit again!Had 2lbs of boiled crawfish and a bowl of gumbo, both were amazing!  The locals were friendly too.This place is an absolute gem.  Everything on the menu is locally sourced and fresh. Very casual and relaxed - order, sit, eat.We spent hours trying to figure out where this place was the a month ago... I found it this go around. It was three good... it's wasn't authentic creole. However, it was well seasoned and affordable. Over 10 pounds of seafood and sides for $70.00 we had food leftover!!! We will be back...At first I wasn't sure -- I'd went for the fried shrimp po-boy a few times and it always left my stomach in knots. But eventually I realized that if you eat 30-40 fried shrimp, you're gonna hurt no matter what. Now I just share. 
The sandwiches are really good and loaded with whatever you like, but this place also serves hot boudin and gumbo (both good), and sells fresh seafood like fish, shrimp, and boiled crawfish. The price is right and everything is super-fresh.
There is also an entire counter devoted to buffet-style Chinese food, which I haven't tried but seems very popular. Behind the counters, they sell all types of beer and liquor. So, you can get a pound of boiled crawfish and a 1/2 pint of whiskey for under $10. Dinner is served.only for the adventurers - all of these yelpers saying " I want to go where Locals go" - well, this is a local experience.  Two lines - one for boiled one for kitchen (po'boys and fried goodness). Get the 12 inch it was PLENTY OF FOOD. They have larger, but 12 in was perfect. In fact, the bun size is probably fine.!
There was a police car (3) when we arrived, but it didn't stop us from lining up. 
Parking under highway and then running across Claiborne was a bit stressful
There were plenty of local families there, but I could see how some families may not want to dine - in. There are other locationsThe best seafood I've ever had!!!! 
PROS: food is absolutely Delish! I'm actually angry that this is the first time I've been. I will be back tomorrow before I leave to go back home. The fried catfish and shrimp. My goodness...hands down the best fried fish I've ever had. Fluffy and seasoned to perfection!!!!
Super affordable food. I got a pound crab legs, some crawfish, a turkey neck and corn my boyfriend got fried catfish and shrimp with fries with two drinks and our total came to 34 dollars. 
Serving size was impressive. The fried seafood platter was busting out of the box. Largest turkey necks I've ever seen. 
Service was good, no complaints. They were patient and very polite. The patrons were friendly just like most people down south are. Offered recommendations!
CONS: I really don't have any. The reviews were right when they said it wasn't in the best part of town. But nothing different than an average mom and pop spot found in most inner cities. Definitely not a fancy spot but I wouldn't expect a crawfish boil to be in a fancy establishment. I will be back again! And this is a must if you like seafood! U will not be let down. 
Sorry I don't have pictures. I ate my food too fastYes! This is the place to leave the tourist behind and sink your teeth into a shopping bag full of the tasty crawfish, shrimp and crab boiled and seasoned to perfection. Within walking distance of the French Quarter, it is definitely worth checking out.Why is this place not more talked about?? The food here is amazing! We only stopped here because we were starving and we found this place close to us. The food is great!! I had the fried catfish plate and I was not disappointed at all. This is the second time that we stop by this place while we are in Louisiana and that should say alot since there are so many delicious places to get Cajun food. Personally I would not eat at this place since it does need a little TLC but it is a great place to pick up food and eat it at home. My husband got boiled crawfish and boiled shrimp and was in a food coma after finishing it all. I love this place!LOVE the snow crab legs and the boiled crawfish. The shrimp is also super solid. Prices for crawfish and shrimp are so value too. Wish I could've eaten here more!!Meh. Read the Yelp reviews and expected to grab six lbs of fresh amazing crawfish but the whole experience as well as the food was underwhelming. Staff worked quickly but none of them looked like they were excited to be there. They provide one ply paper napkins for an otherwise messy dining experience. Bag had ripped and juices were leaking everywhere. Seasoning was OK on the corn but crawfish were previously frozen, not fresh, tiny and lacked a lot of special flavors. As a Californian used to the flavors provided by the boiling crab chain of restaurants, I had hoped to experience Cajun boiled seafood at the source and was horribly disappointed.I love boiled crustacean. This place is kinda like Boiling Crab or Hot N' Juicy but with one spice level and no atmosphere. Actually, there is atmosphere but if you consider ghetto and hood then there you go. 3lbs of Dungeness crab, 1 lb crawfish, 1 soft shell crab po' boy, 2 coke bottles, 2 corns and a lot of paper towels cost $58. Not bad.
Just wish they had tooth picks or crackers.Tried this place my first night in New Orleans it was about a 7 min lyft ride from our hotel in the business district. When you walk in it's set up more like a deli counter and you walk towards the back to order. People were friendly and prices were cheap. It was about $4/lb for crawfish, definitely recommend if you're not to blow all your money in the tourist traps.I've lived here for over a decade and don't think I ever went to a restaurant to get boiled seafood before going here. It's in a somewhat sketchy part of town so if you're a tourist drive or take a taxi. Seafood is tasty and you get what you pay for. I had the boiled shrimp and bought some corn and potatoes to go with it. I'd go back.I had the crawfish boudin and the fried shrimp Po-Boy. Now I didn't like that the spicyness of the boudin overpowered the crawfish, that the consistency was too soft and without any snap to it and that is it was surprisingly greasy. That being said I wasn't a total waste of time. But I had a lot of expectations surrounding the Po-Boy and it really didn't deliver. First of the shrimp where greasy from the frier and had no taste, there where to much mayo and it was served in a burger bun. Now as a cheep filler it's passable but i wanted a good Po-Boy and this wasn't it for me.
Would I revisit, NoOk I'm going to come out and say what the ppl with low stars didn't. This place is hood! Loud bikes n cars racing up n down the block. Weed smoke everywhere. Mostly Black locals.
If your a drunk ass tourist, stay on Bourbon St. This ain't for uncultured kiddies. If you want fine dining this is not the place. 
BUT the food is amazing! AND CHEAP AS HELL! pound of crayfish, pound of shrimp, oyster poboy, 4ears of corn and a tall beer, 2waters....$30 2 stuffed adults. Crabs were not in season but they had plenty of snow crab legs. Shrimp had heads on. I enjoyed the flavor. Not overcooked or rubbery like other reviews mentioned.
Don't tell, but their seafood flavor beats Ol Bay anytime. Sorry MD. ANd their Popeyes taste better too. So there. I digress
Not a good place for a date or ppl who don't like spice. Everything had spice. Even the corn. Order food, seat yourself.
Out of all the restaurants I've been, I'll be back here to get some more crawdads, blue crabs, soft shell crab and dessert (maybe a turkey neck everyone was raving about too). 
The long line is well worth it. You can always get it to go if the ambiance isn't your style. My 1yr old loved the bike n car show. Thanks. This place made our day!
Minus 1star for bathroom and long line.Came to NOLA for the best seafood! So of course we asked a local that worked valet at our hotel and she sent us here! It was everything we asked for! We had turkey neck, pig feet, crab, shrimp, fried chicken, chicken wings, soft snow crab and fries, corn, oh yeah and sausage and it was to die for! All that for $60. I was skeptical at first but this place is amazing you can order food, buy liquor, buy frozen seafood, buy all your drinks, they even have cereal basically all the things you need when you got the munchies! lol I definitely will be coming back... oh yeah when I came back to my hotel I tipped her $10 for recommending this place! She made my day!This is the place to be. They even have Chinese food. The crawfish tasted like they put anise spice in there. It's different than traditional crawfish. But still very good. The turkey neck ($1.75) and gumbo ($8) was top notch. The large gumbo can feed two people.
Will definitely come back to try the other stuff.Like everyone has stated, no frills, no ambiance, just plain good food in a plastic bag and Styrofoam to go boxes. If you like crawfish and you like it spicy, this is the place. Again, don't expect to be greeted, seated, and catered. You stand in line, order, sit and eat (or take out). Like any REAL good place, you have to go where it's done right, southern style. If you do eat in, make sure you have plenty of napkins or have a roll of paper towels on your table. And just forewarning, it's not in the burbs, there's a guard behind the counter.This place lives up to the hype. A must visit for any visitor to NOLA. Best crawfish in town.cheap af, and delicious afffffffff, seafooooooooooodAll you need to know:
1) there's like 3 different kinds of lines in this place so look up at the signs and get in the proper line, jackass.
2) you can buy a box of apple jacks and giant bottle of vodka here.
3) don't get the gumbo, served too damn hot as to cover up its flavorlessness.
4) get the seafood platter and crab legs, they ran out of cocktail sauce and didn't have any of that chinese mustard that would've gone great with the side of shrimp fried rice they give with the platter.  
5) my friend was too stoned and in lieu of cocktail sauce dipped his fried seafood into the small plastic containers of melted butter given with the crab legs.  He also drank a big ass buesh beer that he bought there.  
I think he's dead now.  don't do that either.The employees here were not friendly at all. A smile would go a long way. The crawfish was small. The shrimp fried rice was bland. But the prices were good. $3.99 per pound for crawfish.It just went down and it was so delicious everything from the Crawfish to the shrimp to the Boudin to the Crawfish Pie was so delicious I will definitely be back again to eat here the seafood was so fresh I even sucked the head of my crawfish to get all the juice out the shrimp and Crawfish were very very fresh all the seafood everythingWe loved this place. We found it with the help of Yelp. Food was fresh and delicious and the price was right! It was pretty busy but that usually is a good sign. Even though it was pretty busy we didn't have to wait a long time. There are places to sit and eat which was nice also.A local told me about this place and man o' man the food is so freaking good! Everything here is delicious, from the freshly cooked daily lunch items served to the boiled seafood, turkey necks, potatoes, corn, and sausage. 
Boiled crawfish is fantastic here! Boiled shrimp is hit or miss, depending on when you order and when they cooked the batch. Much better value than any of the seafood you would find in the French Quarter (if you are looking for straight seafood, and not the other attractions/scenery of the FQ). 
A must stop if you miss a feast of crawfish! Service is fast and friendly.This place is pretty gross. Maybe it's the expansive tile floors that possibly get hosed down occasionally which make people think this place is sanitary, but it's kinda substandard and if you've read some of my reviews you know that doesn't customarily bother me. They don't seem to have enough steam tables and such for the amount of food they carry. I think maybe you have to get there earlier when the stuff is fresher, but I was not very impressed. 
Prices are most certainly rock bottom, and if you're trying to feed a family of 6 cheaply this is probably a much better bet than McDonalds, but I wasn't very impressed with the flavors and the quality of food. Seems to me you could make this type of food very easily and for very cheap at home and it wouldn't sit around in lukewarm baths waiting to be distributed to people over the course of a day. I tried potatoes, corn, sausage, and shrimp. I'd say the potatoes were probably best if I had to pick.1st Visit to Cajun Seafood.
Had boiled fresh crawfish (1lb), large shrimp 0.5lbs), and a small bowl of gumbo.
Prices were cheap!   
Probably less than half for an equivalent meal in the quarter or CBD.
The crawfish were tasty and spicy, but a little on the small side, shells were a little soft, and meat was a little mushy.  (Maybe a little too early in the season.). Flavor was awesome!   I was sweating from all the spices, but couldn't stop eating.   
The shrimp were ok, also a little mushy for my taste.   
I think if they kept their raw seafood out of the melted ice, or boiled to order, it would have better texture.  
The gumbo was tasty, better than some of the stuff I've had in the quarter.
I would go back and try it again on my next trip.OMG, I just discovered this place on my last trip to NOLA, I am beyond impressed with the boiled craw fish, and the craw fish pie, my only regret is not being able to come back and eat here one last time before I left. This is by far the best place I have eaten boiled craw fish at in New Orleans .Can't wait to come back, you will never drag me out of here. The seasoning they use is out of this world.Came to grab quick dinner to go.  We ordered snow crabs, shrimps, sausage, corn, and soft shell crab plate (include potatoes salad and shrimp fried rice). The seafood was fresh and yummy.  Price was reasonable for fresh seafood.  Service was average.  Parking is a nightmare here since they have only a few spots in the front.The shrimp poe boys are to die for! The chicken wings are amazing but be prepared it stand in line for at least 15 minutes because this place is always jam packed.I absolutely LOVE this joint. It's in the 'hood but I didn't care because the food is bomb and so is the service.
I ordered the 12 inch shrimp poboy dressed and two turkey necks.
This is the BEST poboy hands down!! The bread is very fresh and soft, the shrimp was cooked and seasoned to perfection. I agreed to share the other half of my sandwich--with my dumb self. 
I waited to eat the turkey neck... It was SOOOOO good and tender! They are huge. They keep it in it's own juices and they're $1.99 each. You can get potatoes and corn but I wanted the meat!!
Cajun Seafood is a must if you're in the N.O.This food is literally some of the best food ive ever tasted, visiting from California this will be my spot every time we travel. We ordered gumbo, fried chicken, turkey necks(bomb), and crawfish it was all delicious and the prices were great!I gave this place three stars just for the food alone. But we all know the restaurant experience isn't just about food alone. You have to factor in atmosphere and service. In terms if a great hole in the wall restaurant, the food is awesome. However, the tables are not cleaned, and paper towels are needed on the tables, especially for boiled Cajun seafood. Management allowed a dirty ghetto bum to hang out and PESTER THE GUESTS TO BUY HIM LUNCH!!! This dumb @$$hole bum bugged my wife for a minute and then as I came to the table with our food he pestered me. I had to tell him the beat it and get the hell out of my face. Management did NOTHING TO REMOVE THE BUM.  if you're hanging out in be French Quarter, do not walk to this place. You will probably be mugged.  Take a car or cab and make sure you're packing a 9mm.Crawfish in the Quarter was outrageous. Ask a local for the best place to get good crawfish. He recommended this place. Food was great!  Kind of a different place. Looked like a convenience store. Sat down with a bag of crawfish at the table and ate from the bag. New experience but well worth it!!Good flavor and taste.  However, most of the shrimp were not fresh and they were a bitch to peel.  The sides were great and the crawfish definitely was worth it.  We also had some crabs which were pretty good too.  I wasn't that big a fan of the Turkey necks, but overall I enjoyed my experience.Unassuming place in the seventh. Great prices for a lot of delicious food. Crawfish pies, generous portions of potato salad, hot plates, and boiled seafood. Mmmm it doesn't look like much, but go. Your wallet and mouth will thank you.We loved it! First time here and we are out of towners! It seems like a local spot. Doesn't seem like it's in a good area, but the prices were so good and the seasoning was so good!  They have boiled seafood (crawfish, whole crabs, snow crab legs, shrimps) poboys and other Cajun items.This being my first time in New Orleans, I wanted to try the boiled new orleans crawfish that everyone talks about. I had been warned beforehand that crawfish is not in season in November, but still wanted to have some regardless since - when will I get another chance?
My order consisted of boiled crawfish, turkey neck and an order of corn.
Turkey neck - 5/5. Tender, juicy, well seasoned. Can't go wrong with this.
Corn - 2/5. After sitting for a long time in the boiling liquid, the kernels of corn were saggy and way too salty for my taste. It was like 40% boiling juice and 60% corn. Couldn't finish
Crawfish - 1/5. Now this is where there restaurant really disappointed me. I knew in the back of my mind that these crawfish were probably previosly frozen since crawfish season is many months away, but even with these lowered expectations I was disappointed. The size of each crawfish was great, but the taste was just not good. There was not a lot of flavor in the meat (maybe because my tongue is recoiling from the saltiness of the corn?) and I could definitely taste that the little guys were not fresh. The meat was not bouncy and clung a lot to the shell, and definitely develops the taste of frozen-then-thawed seafood taste that you can find in frozen snow crab legs from supermarkets. I should preface this with the fact that I have had crawfish before and knew what to expect.
Just on its own, the taste of the crawfish was probably closer to 2.5. However, after I started eating it, I felt sick to my stomach and threw up in the bathroom. Did not finish my bag. Today is now day 2 and I have thrown up 3 more times since eating this meal. I usually have a really strong stomach and have never had food poisoning before, but this seems to do the trick. 
TLDR: Had low expectations going in, was disappointed, got food poisoning(?). The price was good (4.99/lb of crawfish) but I would definitely think twice before getting the crawfish during off season. The only reason I didn't rate this 1/5 was because the turkey neck was so darn good. However I couldn't finish that either because my stomach had started to turn.Pros
Food is delicious I ordered the snow crab Dungeness crab and crawfish and shrimp.. The shrimp was large sizes and also ordered  An Asian broccoli and shrimp. The deep fried shrimp was also delicious. They serve beer as well and it took about 10 minutes to order it usually busy.
Cons
 Location is under the 10 freeway in a gentrified area formerly the hood. The seating arrangement is not appealing and the people eating before you I have to clean the table themselves usually leaving all sorts of juices from the food and very unsanitary.  The worst thing about this place was the bathroom it was disgusting you couldn't even go into the men's bathroom without wanting to throw up the urinal not functioning overflowed with year in the toilet not functioning overflowed with poop and just simply disgusting floors what is wrong with the owners here? Do you not understand that this is unsafe? You should be shut down.Was looking for a good crawfish place and came to this one thanks to fellow Yelpers.  This place as mentioned by another yelper does look intimating from outside but food is universal for it only speaks one language and that is YUM!!!!! 
Folks inside this joint is quick, they get you going in a few seconds leaving you plenty of time to get your hands dirty full of that delicious boil sauce.  We ordered 5lbs to taste because we were food hopping and have to save room for another joint.
The first bite was delicious, what can I say for these folks knows how to add flavor to these mud bugs to make me want more.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone but get ready to get down and dirty cause it's gonna messy up in there!!Crawfish, turkey neck, meat pie, Crawfish pie, potato sausage. Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum YumThe food here is kind of... well..... tooooo causal. Just a bunch of seafood........then that's it.....The five stars is for the amazing Cajun sauce. It was just so perfectly flavorful and spicy. I actually only ate one crawfish, but it tasted very fresh. The corn on the cob drenched in the Cajun sauce was also very incredible. It was very, very difficult to eat the crabs, and I'm typically adept at getting meat out of crab shells. I wasn't even able to get any meat out. The shrimp pasta had very good garlicky flavoring, but the pasta was very overcooked.Fabulous food and not expensive (especially compared to the rest of Nola). 
The food comes in plastic bags which just adds to the flair!Food was ok...place got packed quick! Had the catfish and fried rice plate. Came with a piece of stale, hard bread. Kids on bikes block front door begging for food (which we later saw go into town Nike store). Lots of guys on dirt bikes across the street so you'll hear all the noise.So much hype from this place. Coming from Houston I heard a lot of positive things from this place from my coworkers telling me that this is THE place to get crawfish at. The number one, numero uno. So of course me and my girlfriend was anticipating going here that we skipped going to cafe du monde and Deanies to stop by.
We pulled up and it had the same vibe that Lotus Seafood had. Skinny ass parking spots that are life and death situations to park in due to traffic and tedious if you got a bigger vehicle. Inside they're was flies everywhere so off top I knew I didn't want to eat in there. Staff was cool no one was disrespectful and they even allowed us to try out one of the crawfish.
Tried one of them and it was pretty good, so we ordered six pounds. They scooped it from their cooler and first thing I notice that there wasn't any juice. Me and my girlfriend love our crawfish juicy and hot with plenty of juice. Secondly it wasn't freshly prepared hence why it ain't take too long for it to cook. We went home and ate and it was good but definitely boosted. LA and Hanks Crawfish in Houston beats this. The other seafood entrees looked good though.Authentic Nola experience
Excellent local food. Delicious flavors.
Yummy crawfish!!!!Take the road less travelled and venture out to Treme for a bevy of choices in Cajun seafood. We got a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, corn the Cobb, pigs feet and gumbo including drinks all for $35. You can't beat the price or taste of this place!Based on the below reviews I thought I'd stop by to check out the seafood.  Despite the poor status of this year's crawfish season I needed my fix, and was willing to brave high prices and small mudbugs to get it.  This seemed like as good a spot as any other located near the FQ.
Cajun Seafood is on N. Claiborn near Esplanade, near the interstate.  There's a few parking spots between the building and the street, so you don't have to search around for street parking.  As you walk into the establishment to the right there are freezers with fresh seafood for sale - various sizes of shrimp, catfish, etc.  I didn't buy any of those, so I can't comment on the quality, though they did seem reasonably priced as compared to Rouses.  To your left there are a couple of tables and chairs set up for dining.
As you walk past the freezers you'll get to the cooked foods portion of the store, which is what had brought me in.  I bought some boiled crawfish, priced at about $4 a pound.  Given the state of this year's crawfish season this is reasonable.  I also tried the boiled shrimp and two links of boudin.  The crawfish is OK.  I didn't get too many dead ones, but there wasn't a whole lot of spice to them.  It was a tad on the bland side for my tastes, as I didn't get too much of a kick even after sucking the heads.  The boiled shrimp was only OK too.  It seemed overcooked, difficult to peel, and also not strongly flavored.  They offer crawfish and pork boudin.  I tried the pork, and it's horrible.  The casing is thin but not crispy.  There's way to much rice for the amount of pork, and it's all gummy.  Hardly any spice at all to speak of.  Don't get boudin here.  My search for good boudin in New Orleans will continue. 
They also sell a couple of chinese dishes, poboys, fried chicken, etc.  But I didn't try any of those.A New Orleans must try. Don't expect a fancy venue but you can definitely expect delicious flavor and savory options. They have crawfish, pig feet, corn, crab, potatoes and much more. It is sold by the pound and all with a spicy Cajun flavor.Never really been anywhere like this before. We waited in line for 40 minutes to order boiled seafood cafeteria style. We ordered the crawfish, crab legs, turkey necks, sausage, corn, boudin and gumbo. The food was thrown in clear plastic bags and then placed in plastic supermarket bags to go. No utensils or plates. We looked around and found empty seats in a very crowded school lunchroom style dining area. Everyone was eating out of the plastic bags with their hands so we realized it was ok for us to do so as well. I can't lie the crab legs, turkey necks, Boudain and gumbo were delicious. The crab legs were so fresh you can could hear that strong crack when you broke them. I am not a fan of turkey necks; well that was before because this one was so good I couldn't stop eating it. The boudain was delicious and the Gumbo was the best I had during our trip in New Orleans. However the crawfish, sausage and corn were too spicy for me to eat. My husband agreed but ate them anyway lol. This isn't a fancy place at all. It's more like a supermarket that sells precooked food to go but they do have some tables there if you wish to dine in. You sit with other diners but everyone was friendly, seemed to be having a great time and enjoying their food. We loved the experience and the food. Oh and there also seemed to be a small party forming in the parking lot by the time we were leaving. Would've loved to have stayed but we had to get going. Seems like a place where locals hang out. Not many tourists. Also need to mention the prices were very affordable. We would've paid three times as much for crab legs at red lobster. I would recommend this place but know what to expect. We didn't. But enjoyed it anyway.The crawfish was spicy just like I like it, but they put sugar in their boil. It is a taste I'm unaccustomed to, being from New Orleans. I did not like the sweet flavor. I got the corn, potato and sausage which tasted like it was boiled separately from the seafood, in saltwater. I was hoping it would ooze out with the delicious seafood boil flavor, but it was bland. The shrimp and oyster po'boy was decent.Best crawfish I've ever had! Delicious, easy to peel and eat right in the heart of Treme neighborhood in the Big Easy!Excellent! Ok..so let me say this, for those of you who are mot familiar with the HOOD.  This place is located in the hood.  It's nothing wrong with that but if you are looking for white tablecloths  and valet parking just keep on scrolling.  But if you are looking for some good and INEXPENSIVE food, you have found the place!  Large prawns only $9.99 per LB, Crawfish $4.99 per pound and crabs priced per crab!  Where they do that at???? Great Place....GO!I visited this little take-out restaurant, when I was visiting relatives in New Orleans, in the summer of 2013.  I have never forgotten it.  If I ever get back there, I will definitely hit them up, again.  We went because it was recommended by my cousins.  I ordered the catfish po-boy sandwich and fries.  As I was waiting for my order, I walked over and looked into one of those large cooking pots, and spotted pig feet, stewing in the juices.  At that point, I knew for certain that I was back in New Orleans.  I even took a picture of the menu to show my California family, upon my return.  All of the food was smacking good.  I ate the pig foot first, of course!  It tasted like my mother's, who is a native of New Orleans.  Yes, it was that good!  I couldn't finish the sandwich, but it tasted just as good the next day, for lunch.  Two thumbs up!  Oh Yeah!  :-)I was recommended this spot by my friend who is a local and you just can't go wrong. Their prices are very reasonable and everything is so fresh and delicious that you could eat and eat and probably never leave to try all that they offer. When I lived in the city their other location also offered similar caliber food but this location is primo to hit up before a fun night out. Their shrimp is a personal highlight for me but I also really enjoy Dungeness crab and their crawfish when it is in season. This will be a spot not to miss each time I visit New Orleans!Cheap, quick and flavorful seafood. We got crawfish, shrimp, corn and sausage. Didn't care for the sausage but boy i've never had crawfish that fresh (its crawfish season). You know its fresh because the head is as soft as an egg shell (maybe a little harder lol). The shrimps were huge. Get some wings from manchu and eat them here with the seafood. Would definitely come back next time i visit louisiana!No. 1 recommendation from locals for crawfish boil was hands down was the best overall meal during my visit. They're known for their crawfish, crab, and shrimp boil. They offer po' boys, turkey wings, fried chicken, Asian dishes, pasta, and pizza (raw seafood too).
We ended up getting crawfish and Dungeness crab boil with a side of potato, corn, and sausage.  My fav that I could never get enough of was the corn as it was soaked in cajun and spicy goodness (actually spicy).  If crawfish was in season it would have been the only item I recommend and would have gotten 3-4 pounds instead of 2. The crab was not bad, yet didn't regret splitting a pound between two.  An order of sausage was big enough to split between 2 as well.
Yes, the line is a long wait.  The frown from the impatience will be turned 180 once you start popping them mud bugs. like Pringles, once you start, you can't stop popping em.I liked their potato and corn more than I liked their crawfish and shrimp. I guess the nature of crawfish is just a bunch of shell and very little meat, so I guess technically it's not a criticism of the place. The shrimp didn't taste very fresh though; shell was quite difficult to peel off and the shrimp wasn't crunchy like fresh shrimp should be. Flavors were very good though. The corn was really soaked with flavor and the potato was really soft; potato needs more flavor throughout it, but if you just dip the potato back into the sauce that it comes with, it's pretty great. Seafood flavoring was good too. Somewhat pricey? 1/2 pound shrimp and 1/2 pound shrimp plus one corn and one potato came out to be almost $11 post-tax.I've been coming here as a child and the food is always great. The crawfish are definitely better than the ones in Houston but still no a good as my boiled ones.The ability to gauge how much crawfish you can put away in terms of pounds is key.  We made a mistake and ordered 3 lbs, which was too much, but we were brave, especially me, and put away almost all of it.  I felt like Legolas, slaying crawfish orcs by the dozens, valiantly while still maintaining my good looks, ripping off their heads, sucking out their brains.  But just for future reference guys, 3 pounds of crawfish for 2 people is a hell of a lot.
The crawfish came out steaming hot and very very salty.  I sucked on some black stuff in the brain area of one and regretted it deeply.  Other than that, it was okay.  Crawfish is honestly just way too much work for that tiny bit of meat in the tail, not to mention half of that is the black feces portion.
We split a 12 inch catfish poboy and oh wow, that shit got me excited.  It was just that good.  They have 18 inch and even 36 inch options that I'm seriously considering for next time.
The place is not very clean, but they had high ceiling and fluorescent lighting shining down on plenty of tables.  The ladies' room bathroom is single occupancy and the door does not lock, so just hope that no one walks in on you mid pee.  No water here aside from bottled ones for purchase, so bring your own, especially if you are going to suck on some salty ass crawfish.So for my last meal in nola, i took the chance of coming to cajun seafood.  For a tourist, this place is definitely off the beaten path.  I came here based on the high rating and number of reviews on yelp.  Also from the photos it seemed like the prices were reasonable.  I really wanted to crawfish and i really didnt want to spend $16/lb which was the going rate down in the french quarter.
After a 3.5 mile walk from my convention center hotel, i finally got to this place and I was immediately greated with a long line.  A good sign.  For my first order i got 1lb of crawfish and 1/2 lb of the small shrimp with a piece of corn on the side all for about $10 bucks.  The food was good but the spices could have been stronger.  I must be spoiled from having Boiling Crab in Garden Grove all the time.
I was still hungry so i went back for a second order in which i got a po-boy shrimp sandwich.  The bread was chewy and there was tons of shrimp, probably a good lb of fried shrimp on it.
Overall it was a good experience and it didnt break the bank. 
A popular side dish was the turkey necks as well as the pigs feet.  
Please note that this area is not like the french quarter and is located in a predominately african american community.  The people are nice but its not the best of neighborhoods.  No offense to anyone who lives in the area, just my observation as a first time tourist in the NOLA area.Great place for Cajun Food! Please try the Snowcrabs, sauteed crabs, crawfish, fried rice and potatoes!!! Yummy!!!! The area is not that great but one of the most Authentic Seafood spots in townBest. Meal. Of. The. Trip.
I came to Cajun seafood on the recommendation of my workmate and I never want to leave. Snow crab legs,crawfish, corn, smoked sausage...a sumptuous spread all for $28!!!BEST CRAWFISH. Affordable and yummy. We got a pound of crawfish, pound of snow crab legs, and some potatoes and corn.Wow. Food is amazing and the prices are great. We pretty much tried everything. DO NOT pass on the gumbo!  
The neighborhood is a bit rough, so don't go if you aren't comfortable with that street life.I am your fellow yelper that is on her quest to find the best crawfish on earth. I say that to not only be over the top and dramatic but to make so apparent that I LOVE these little critters.  Using a little deductive reasoning, I thought that since the best crawfish I know of is flown in from New Orleans, that if I am in the epicenter of where all crawfish are created that I would be sinking my teeth into the very best. So my search continues even after my experience at Cajun Seafood.  
Cajun Seafood is good. You won't be disappointed.  It has great flavor and I appreciated the spicy kick included.  I am used to crawfish swimming in the sauce its served in, so I can dip the meat back in the sauce for an extra dose of juciy goodness. What I received was a bag of crawfish with very little to no liquid in the bag. Did it mess with the moistness of the crawfish? Surprisingly to me, it was not dry and the crawfish was still juicy. It must be the end of crawfish season because my batch was pretty tiny. I enjoyed the crabs better. Nice natural sweetness!!Cheap but great quality. A little bit far away from where I stayed though... So not located in the center of NO. But absolutely amazing Cajun shrimp and poboy sandwich. And don't expect any services whatsoever. It's like food court type of place.This place is a trip! It looks like a cross between a deli and a roadside cantina, but it is fully enclosed with air conditioning and a glass counter where you place your order and they serve up everything in bags. I felt perfectly safe there and I know I stuck out like a sore thumb or a tourist. We ordered a pound of fries, crabs, crawfish and shrimps. There are no options in terms of the way it is cooked, which is fine by me but may not sit well with some snootier folks. My only real reservation was that everything seemed to have been pre-cooked, much like a fastfood joint. It isn't cooked to order and comes out of a big container. Coming from Cali, I was taken aback for a minute. But once I opened up those bags of fresh crustaceans, all my reservations were forgotten. The seafood is FRESH. The meat was sweet and juicy and cooked to the right level of heat. If you can get past the simple surroundings and even simpler service, you can have a really good time at a very good price. How good? I can say it cost half as much there as I would spend in Cali. Is it a better deal than the Boiling Crab? Hands down, absolutely. I would rather drive all the way here than SoCal for the same food and NOT stand in line for an hour to sit in someplace that pretends to be the real deal. Needless to say, we were able to finish off over 3 pounds of food in one sitting. I know where I will be heading the next time I'm in NOLA!The food and service was amazing. Probably the best seafood I have ever had. Maybe I was just really hungry, but everything tasted blessed. I will be back. No doubt about that.I'm from Los Angeles and we found this spot on Yelp. As we was in line a guy who worked here walked up with open food container pile up high and had it leaning against his dirty shirt. Then as we approached the counter to order are food a baby roach was on the counter top by the cashier. When we told him he tried to kill it with the EBT machine, but it turned me off so we left without getting food.Absolutely delicious. Frills here are pretty minimal. Great boiled crawfish, fried catfish, po' boys, and surprisingly, the turkey neck is really good! Not sure how this place ends up with a bunch of necks but I don't plan on complaining.Don't let the limited parking and sparse surroundings dismay you.  This place is a MUST GO.  Who knew one of the most memorable meals I'd have this year would be from a seafood market?
The place is set up like a small store with a few counters showcasing delicious, no-frills seafood and fixings with some long tables for eating in.  I ordered a sack of crawfish (WAY out of season in October), turkey neck, potatoes, and yakamein.  
The crawfish, as far as notjustalive15minutesago crawfish goes, was delicious!  There isn't as much headfat as fresh crawfish and they're just not on the same level but I would happily eat this any day of the week.  The turkey necks and potatoes were boiled with what I presume were the same spices and they were extremely good as well.  The yakamein, while not on its way to any culinary awards, was a wholesome representation of the New Orleans original and very tasty.
This place looks friendly and family run and is very clean given how much traffic they have.  I only wish I lived in a parallel universe where they decided  to open up shop in my neighborhood.Literally a ghetto, beat-up old store selling a lot of shellfish from their crawfish boil. 
Place is just outside the Downtown area and feels like it's a part of town you don't want to get lost at in the middle of the night. When we went they were out of crab but had snow crab, so we got a couple of those, 1 lb. of crawfish and some corn. 
This place has only one flavor: EYE-WATERING, GUT-WRENCHING SPICY. 
They seem to use that for everything. We got through the seafood, which seemed mostly fresh, but not without a bit of trying. I was dying by the 4th crawfish and I love my spicy foods....this is not for the faint of heart.
Would not go again for the sake of my sanity but this place is okay in a pinch if you're craving some EYE-WATERING, GUT-WRENCHING SPICY seafood.We had to get that Cajun Crab dream fulfilled...since we loved The Boiling Crab in LA. We had to walk through the hood around 7-8p.m. when it was dark trying to not get shank to get some crab. We were that serious. Bypassing crackheads and hookers, just to end up with some salty ocean creatures that are 3" small, the size of my pinky. I'm talking about the crawdaddies. the line wrapped around inside the store twice for overpriced poor quality cajun crawfish, which aren't even cajun. It was country boil...come on Louisiana!If you're looking for ambience I would stick to the French Quarter or one of the other more historic parts of New Orleans.
Cafeteria like ambience under the freeway.  Not the nicest part of town.
The food is good if you're looking for a creole experience and no fluff.  Some of the deep fried seafood was overly breaded.  The fish was freshly, flaky and delicious.
So if your looking for New Orleans style seafood on a budget this place is worth a try.I was staying in the French Quarter. Being a New Yorker in Louisiana,  I just had to go for the local crawfish. I heard some good things about some of the crawfish found within the French Quarter but I knew they were aimed for the tourists. $12.99 a pound was what I saw at a popular French Quarter Market place but I did say I wanted to eat what the locals eat. I did a search and found Cajun Seafood just a bit further up from the French Quarter.
It's very walkable from where all the action is but for the lazy,  you could take the RTA 9 bus towards them and walk a few short blocks.  If you are willing to walk, I advise you to take Esplanade Ave up until you get to a underpass and follow it left a few blocks to get to it. Anything east of Esplanade Ave seems very sketchy looking and although I was fine, it might bother some people if you walk it from the French Quarters. 
The place is pretty large and have a bit of a cafeteria feel to it. Simple, functional, and no table service. But that also means no need to tip. Woot!!! And remember I said I want to eat what the locals eat? Yep, most of the people on the busy line are definitely from around the area with a few knowing foodie passing by once in awhile.
Go up to the counter and order what you need. The crawfish's price is seasonal  and fluctuates.  It was damn cheap at only $3.99 a pound.  I couldn't even buy live crawfish at that price in NYC, let alone cooked ones. Take that, $12.99 place in the French Quarter.
And how was it? So damn GOOD!!! Why can't we New Yorkers make Cajun styled crawfish taste anything close to this? I had crawfish from another popular local and famous place the next day and I must say this is even better. Slightly spicy and very well seasoned, the flavors is actually infused into the meat itself. Yum. Only catch is this is not exactly traditional Cajun Recipe but one with a slight Vietnamese twist to it because of the owners. Who cares when it is this good.  Best Cajun Crawfish I tasted anywhere so far.
I also got the corn to go with it. 60 cents for half and 2 bucks for 4, it was infused with the same yummy spices only slightly negatively affected by the fact that it was slightly mushy from being soaked for so long.
I didn't get it but they had snow crab legs in the same seasonings for $12.99. I did get their blue crabs out of curiosity. They go by piece and size. At the time it was $1.49 for a small, $1.99 for a medium, and goes up a dollar more each time for a large, X large and XXLARGE crab. The crab was good and fresh but was just steamed so you could get that almost anywhere else. Better to save your stomach space for the seasoned stuff.
To top it all off, I had to get their gumbo. $5.99 for a container. Although not the best gumbo I had on this visit to NOLA, it was not bad at all and actually came with chunks of chicken, sausages, and unexpectedly,  big pieces of cut up crab parts still in it's shell. Worth getting.
All this food and I only paid less than $16 even after I added a Arizona Iced Tea to my collection. And remember, no tip.  
I liked it so much that on the last day I came back and bought 6 pounds of the Crawfish to take back to NYC with me.I didn't eat here but went inside with my personal driver/tour guide who order His food. The line was out the door and if I tell you they were serving some food there inside. They had it all you name it they had it, the appearance just didn't sit well with me, but O! Well the people say different!From San Antonio so I've only had Cajun food at our restaurants but this place is everything I ever dreamed real Cajun food would be like. 100% satisfied. Will definitely  come back next vacation!I will come here again, next time I visit New Orleans. The line was long out the door, so we knew off top that we must wait in line too. And it was worth it. The line went very fast. I got a little bit of everything.We found this place after we couldnt bear the wait at Willie Maes Scotch house.  Its a few blocks away and full of locals so we went in.  Its not really a restaurant.  Its like a take out or fast food place only filled with the REAL New Orleans food.  They have mounds of crawfish, boiled crabs, po boys, everything you could imagine sold by the pound.  People literally get a bag of crawfish and shrimp and a cold beer and sit at the table shucking and sucking.  
The people who own it are Asian so there is also Asian food and fried rice.  What a combo!  Everyone is really nice and friendly and ready to answer your newbie questions.
After all the foo foo la la places it was fun to go to somewhere a real local would grab something to eat on the way home from work.So been trolling yelp for years and never really written a review so here goes. 
Now being from San Diego I only have comparison to places like Boiling Crab or Crab Hut where everything has that Cajun flavor with your pick of hotness. Pretty much they all taste the same to me back home. Here for whatever reason has a unique cajun taste. 
We pulled up to this "liqour store" looking venue in a not so nicer part of town. Not much parking out front so prolly need to park on the side streets. Line reaches near the door but moved quickly, slow enough for us to figure out what we wanted but not too fast for us to feel rushed. All the boiled food is already cooked on steam trays and they just bag and wiegh em. You dont pick the spices and heat like I was used to back home. 
You pick per pound what you like and we got snowcrab, shrimp, crawfish, turkey neck, gumbo, and shrimp fried rice. Now mind you this was like 5 lbs worth of food for 4 guys. All for $51 including our 4 bottled waters!!! Back home this would easily be over $100. They got tables there to eat like we did or you can take it to go like most others were. 
All of it tasted fresh with a unique cajun taste I cant put my eye on. Not a big crawfish fan myself but my buddy said he loved it. Didnt like the gumbo but that was my palette, the other guys we were with said they loved it. The turkey neck to me reminded me of chicken adobo with a kick of cajun spice. Shrimp and crab were really fresh and even tho everything was sittin on steam trays they didnt have that buffet like sogginess like it was sittin there for hours. Shrimp fried rice was good but didnt match the boiled seafood. Prolly shouldve gotten the potatoes or just eatin the food with plain white rice that came with it. 
All in all I would say it was fresh seafood for a really good price if you were willing to go to a grittier part of town.I found this place by searching Yelp and I am so glad I did. We went back to back days while visiting New Orleans. It was so good and cheap! The first day we had the boiled shrimp. crab, potatoes and corn which was all very good but the gumbo stole the show....it was some of the best gumbo I have ever had. Yes there are shells but once you taste the gumbo you won't mind digging them out! We dined in and they did give us a cracker to use on the crab that we returned when we finished. The next day we got gumbo to go for our hotel room. It was just as good as the day before and perfectly seasoned. TIP: We topped our bowl of gumbo with a scoop of creole potato salad from Langenstein's gourmet market in uptown. I know it sounds weird but some friends of ours from Louisiana turned us on to the gumbo/potato salad combo, try it!This is a seafood joint! Don't come here for the dry chicken. The crawfish, corn, potatoes, gumbo, broccoli and shrimp are all good purchases but I'd advice you not to come for chicken. Service is pretty quick and the staff are not super friendly but not rude either. I'd for sure say this is a spot to come for if you want some good ol New Orleans seafood.Great hole in a wall restaurant. Definitely a locals choice for food, and very cheap.Hole in the wall place. I like their gumbo more than the one I tried in other restaurant. There are few tables. Some ppl go for take Out. More like a place local ppl go. Staff are helpful.they close around 8:30pm. Similar to boiling crab style but only one flavour. Not a  fancy place. Just a homey comfort food place. Cabs hard to come by. would be handy to :/ a cab service phone number to call for return trip.Incredible food, had gumbo and a po-boy. Don't know what else to say, just really good.This place probably doesn't see many tourists, which is a shame because the food is fantastic and the price is great. We came here for the seafood boil and were not disappointed. We got 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish and a couple corns. This literally may have been my favorite meal of my trip. Not much more to say about perfectly cooked and seasoned seafood, then damn I can't wait to go back!!!!So, it's after six, and you can't go to Big _________. What's a girl to do?
Head to Cajun Seafood, mais oui!
Hot, hot, and hot (temperature and spice level) are the tasty treats and meats offered here:
Crawfish
Corn
Potatoes
Shrimp
Catfish
Crab - gulf & Dungeness
Pig Feet
Turkey Necks
And more...raw, fried or boiled, you can get it here. There's more to try, but I'm back in the car with my food now, so it''s your turn.I absolutely love the boiled shrimp and crawfish. Also the shrimp poboys, fried turkey wings, corn, potatoes, and fried rice were awesome!Guess we can't leave New Orleans without enjoying some crawfish. By the power of Yelp and Google, we found this place.
LOTS of seafood to choose from, cooked and raw, and you can order in large quantities... Also some interesting cajun/asian dishes. The two of us ended up having 8 lbs of crawfish, 2 pork feet, and some fries, all of these for less than $60. I like the pork feet. Crawfish is not the most fresh, but ok. The dining area could be a little bit messy, but acceptable.I recently had my first visit to New Orleans and I visited your established twice and was extremely satisfied and it was very reasonable!! Something that hard to find in a combo in Houston**For those tourists, I will save you time & hassle, just skip this place & try different restaurant. 
This place was on my bucket list to try. I typically want to try that little hole on the wall kind of place and this isn't really that hidden gem.  It is definitely for the locals but not really for the tourist like me & my friend.
I ordered, 2lbs of boiled crawfish, 1lb medium shrimp, 1 turkey neck, 1 pig feet. Last two items are apparently local favorite?? 
Pig hock/foot: As an Asian, pig feet is one of the foods we eat, but nothing like this one.  This one didn't have much flavor & it's soaked in some juice.
Turkey neck: it was good but way too salty for me. I eat my food salty but if I felt it's salty, it's really salty. It's a turkey. 
Crawfish: I have to say this.  Cajun Persuasion crawfish is far better flavored crawfish than Cajun food and it's cheaper too.  
Boiled shrimp: OMG, talking about ruining good shrimps!  Totally over cooked, it wasn't fresh shrimp either. meat & the shell was stuck together, it was hard to peel & the meat was just too rubbery.  Thank God I only got 1 lb. of it. 
My friend had Grilled shrimp & he said it's all right. But they didn't take the shrimp poop vein on the top of the shrimp, so he had to manual remove them before he ate. 
Parking & the location: Tourist, don't go this location by yourself at night.  Even during daylight, I didn't feel comfortable in this area. I will stick with little fancier place or crowded area.Came here on a visit to NOLA in search of some Crawfish boil. Best crawfish we had while in NOLA, by far! My fianc had a shrimp po' boy from the kitchen which was also delicious. I got the shrimp boil with potatoes and corn. Worth the wait in the long line.2 lbs of crawfish, 1/2 lb shrimp, 1 large blue crab (they have XXL blue crab), 1 turkey neck (our fav), and 1 sausage. $23 Yum!I'll be brief on this one: 
crawfish - juicy, succulent, and finger-licking good with just the right amount of kick & cajun seasoning (in comparison, old bay is so overrated...).  At $3.99/lb, we had 3 lb between 2 ppl and wish we ordered a little more. 
boiled shrimp - great jumbo size but super rubbery.. spend your money on crawfish instead. 
crab - very fresh and meaty, so good! 
shrimp fried rice - a really cheap way to fill up with some carb. 
ghetto neighborhood.Gumbo was hearty and one of the best meat pies I've ever had! Service was fast and friendly!-Good old Cajun food at a small price . 
-Expect the line to be about 15 mins longs 
-experience the real New OrleansWe went to New Orleans for crawfish, and boy, did we get some.  Four pounds of crawfish would set you back about $50 in the French Quarter, but we went to Cajun Seafood instead and got five pounds of crawfish for under $20 (price per pound varies by day).  
Sure, the place lacks ambiance, but when you're elbow-deep in crawfish, do you really care?My absolute favorite crawfish and crabs spot. I buy fresh fish, shrimp, and gumbo crabs from them as well. Not up for debate. That is all.This was my first time having crawfish in the Bayou City and it may be my last. While I am a big fan or Crawfish I am not a big fan of snails. Yes you read that correctly snails, which I and someone else in my group found at the bottom of out crawfish bags. We were so grossed out we just threw the rest of the uneaten crawfish in the trash. I'm not sure if this is a common thing or not but if it is that will be the last time I eat crawfish.A surprise for my New Orlean visit. It was not the season for crawfish so I didn't got to have it in french quarter restaurants. But luckily my boyfriend found this place and we gave it a try. It was just so good. We got  3 pounds and when back to eat at the hotel with nice movies. Very nice as late night snack.Boiled Shrimp and any seafood all started in New Orleans. We were able to visit a Vietnamese owned restaurant called Cajun Seafood about 5 minutes from the French Quarter. 
Mostly locals eat here but thanks to friends' recommendations...we made our way out into a sketchy neighborhood. When there is a long line for food...you know it's good stuff! We ordered 2 lbs of boiled shrimps and 1 lb. of sauteed soft shelled crabs! It was soooo good!Waiting in line for 15 minutes order the shrimp po-boy bread was hard... so hard it cut the bottom of my mouth.. and parking was okay even though you had to park underneath the freeway overpassFirst meal after arriving to NOLA I craved for some local seafood, so we took an uber there and ordered 1lb of broiled crawfish and shrimp, the shrimp was so spicy and salty that I had to go back to order some white rice, the man asked me if I meant seafood fried rice and i said no, I wanted some plain white rice! and he went back to the kitchen and got me white rice for 2$.  The crawfish was less spicy or salty but still too salty for my taste, We did end up ordering some fried rice which was also way too salty and we couldn't finish it. Giving it 3 stars, 2.5 if Yelp allows it, for its affordability.One of the best roast beef poboys I have had in the city so far, and I have been here for over a year. Expect to wait in line, this place is very popular. Even with so much traffic, they never mess up an order and get your food to you quickly and efficiently. The roast beef meat is actual real meat, not the ground up mushed together kind of beef. Very messy because all of the gravy is pouring out! Talk about yum!!!!This is my first stop whenever arriving to New Orleans because it has the some of the best seafood ive had plus it hits the stop after a shitty couples hours on a plane, and is sometimes my go to hangerover cure..5 stars strictly for the clientele and the awesome conversations going on around me, including one brotha who picked up his phone and said: "i got my face in some pigs feet, you best call me back." AWESOME.
the food is also 5 stars. because of the great prices we picked up more than we could eat, including sausage and corn, 3 orders of fried seafood (catfish, oysters, shrimp, and soft shelled crab), and fried rice. big ups for the wide selection of juices, soda, and beer available for purchase.  
next time i'm back in nola i will come back and try the pigs feet and turkey neck. added bonus for being super close to St. Anna's Episcopal Church (famous for listing all murders in nola for the year), which is quite the sobering experience. but don't be scared of the neighborhood! sure, people may hang out under the overpass right across the street (including one awesome lady by herself who posted up on her lawn chair), but that's all they are doing - straight chillin. it's not like the people coming into the restaurant to eat are criminals, so please ctfd when discussing the neighborhood =)This is a quick service, takeout spot with boiled seafood, gumbo, crawfish pies (OMG), boudin, and much more.
Be prepared to order quickly and don't ask too many questions..it's all going to be good, trust me.My friends and I are from Houston, TX and we were expecting great tasting food! We were disappointed! We ordered crawfish, snow crab, corn and potatoes, chicken wings, and turkey legs.... all was disgusting and lacking flavor and spice. 
If I had to recommend anything, I would go with the chicken wings combo.This was a very surprise find on our 7th trip to New Orleans. We are a little tired of the fancy restaurants in the French Quarter and found this place on Yelp. We ordered the cat fish and shrimp plate and a broiled fish plate. The fish was very tasty, and there were 5 to 6 large size shrimps. It was very good value (about $12 a plate) for a nice quality seafood. But the area may not be the safest to walk around at night. We called an Uber to get back to the hotel. We will definitely go there again.Simple and delicious.  A little hole in the wall place but this was exactly what we were looking for!  We tried many seafood restaurants in NOLA but this was by far better.  It's authentic and cheap!If from here on out I ever make a bad decision it will be okay because tonight I made the best decision of my life eating gumbo and crawfish at Cajun Seafood. When I make those future bad decisions I will be able to rewind back to that time I ate at Cajun Seafood and hit the reset button. 10 stars out of five  Judging by the amount of locals lined up for this place, I already knew I'd made the right decision. You'll not find linen covered tables and kitschy Cajun decor - you'll just get the most delicious food, served with a smile despite the demand and portions sizes that beat most other Seafood suppliers for value. I also highly recommend the Pork Boudin.We missed this place when we first arrived to NOLA as they closed at 9:00 PM.  
We came back for dinner on the second day and the line was already long even though it was around 6 ish only.   However, the line moved pretty quick and we didn't have to wait that long.  
After we ordered food, we got a table and had to clean it ourselves.  
The crawfish were small size as it was the end of the season already but the price was kinda cheap.  You can't beat them with $3.99/lb.  We also had snow crab legs, corns, garden salad, po boy sandwiches and fries.  I wouldn't recommend the garden salad or po boy since they weren't that good at all.  
If you want some seafood with cheap price, then this is the place!Great tasting food!!! And very courteous people working here!! Shrimp fried rice and the fried catfish with shrimp pasta was amazing !! And good amount of food for the price ! Will definitely come back here next time I visit! Thank you for an amazing experienceCame to NOLA for a weekend, tried a bunch of different spots for Cajun food, and this one beat them all. Stupid cheap, and an absurd amount of food (the "small" Po Boys are 12 inches long). Don't come to NOLA without stopping here.This place is a local gem!!  Yea its not a fancy place, but if you want that and pay 5x the price cause they give you a plastic bib, go ahead!  I'll take this place as its original cajun food.  Family owned and operated from the first day!
I had the shrimp poboy and some boiled shrimp....man I wish ppl in Houston can make this kind of food!!  Every time I visit New Orleans, my trip is not complete unless I got to one of the Cajuns locations.This restaurant is simple and down to the point. If your looking for delicious and spicy boiled shrimp and crawfish for a bargain this is definitely the place for you! The neighborhood is unlike the walking grounds of the French Quarter and without a car can be a trek. 
But, if you can surpass judging a book by its cover, this joint will definitely satisfy your seafood craving!! I'm definitely going to return before I leave Nola and try the crabs and snow crab legs.I really enjoyed the food here. Catfish was fresh with great breading as well as the shrimp. Also like the shrimp poboy. Tried the boiled  crawfish and liked seasoning! 
As a note: this place is a market that has a seating area to eat in. It is located in a sketchy area, but not far from the french quarter w/ a parking lot.
Big portions, Big Flavor, low price. Check it out if you are in town.We always make a plan to stop here when in town. Delicious and good prices.  Several people have recommended it.  Yum.If I could give it NO STARS I would!!! This spot was highly recommended by locals so that's why we decided to give it a try! Upon arrival, the line was almost out the door. Good sign right? Hell to the nah nah! BAD IDEA! We had fried fish, fried shrimp and crawfish. The fish wasn't seasoned, shrimp wasn't fresh...it was just a mess. We all got sick about an hour later. SICK!I'm not sure if we got a bad batch or what but this was a very disappointing meal.Great food, Great price! We order take out after reading other reviews regarding "insanitary" - the cleanliness is acceptable.
We have boiled shrimp(a bit over cooked), crawfish (good), large crab (fresh and yummy) and large gumbo (fantastic) at reasonable price. Good place to go to experience what's the locals eat.I'm a little confused at the high star rating. I consider myself not to be a picky person, but this place was horrible. The location is not bad and there is seating. Now let's talk about why I came here...the crawfish. The crawfish was very salty and been in the boiling water too long. To the point it was slightly mushy. I love crawfish and I eat it all year round. This boil was just tastless. The crab legs was also overly salty. So I say if you want crawfish or crab legs buy a lot of water. Everything sits in water for hours. It's not that fresh. Come on new orleans!I came here Saturday when I got to New Orleans I got the crawfish, crab legs, and potatoes n corn. The crawfish were spicy and delicious the crab legs were perfect definitely will be back it was all at a great price!straight to this place off the plane.  Shrimp po boy was soooo yummy  and the small is  big enough for 2, lots of crispy fried shrimp.  also you must try the boiled shrimp,  very flavorful with lots of spices, just enough kick without being too spicy.  It's a very casual place don't expect much in the decor or location, but your tastebuds and stomach will LOVE IT.  had to stop on the way to airport when leaving.Great food, good prices, and quick service!!! Will definitely be coming here next time I'm in town!!! My brother and I ordered crab, crawfish, shrimp and potatoes and corn, everything had great flavor and was definitely worth the price. The crawfish and shrimp were bigger than most places I've been too, but everything was cooked perfectly.nothin like eatin a shrimp poboy & shrimp fried rice whilst cruisin i10 !!!
good ol yelp..i would have never tried this spot even tho literally round the cornda from my ppls w/o some word from anyone i knew..
but man yelp helped a brutha & im foreva grateful!!!
perfect shrimp (bout 30-40 shrimpses) poboy - right bread right seasonin  & damn good fried rice - its not heavy or greasy or soy sauce laden!!!
def lets u know it can still be all good in tha hood!!!I was told about this place from some locals working at a restaurant on Bourbon Street.  The question I posed to them is where do the locals eat? Because everything on Bourbon Street is overpriced.  They told me check out Cajuns.  It wasn't in walking distance of Bourbon Street and you probably want to go by car before dark anyway.  At least that was their recommendation to us and I agree with their recommendation. It has a bit of a suspect vibe but that has never and will never stop me from getting good food!  Sure enough the seafood was very reasonable priced compared to where we'd been eating on Bourbon Street.  They have a fresh fish market and a hot food bar most of the stuff is weighed by the pound except the Chinese food items and they come in sizes like small or large.  I had the boiled crawfish, boiled shrimp, seafood pasta and a few large crabs for $20.  The crabs were very reasonably priced I live in the Washington, DC area and they try to kill you with the crab prices.  The boiled seafood was VERY TASTY, seasoned well and flavorful I see why the locals love it here.  The crabs were good, but they were cold which wasn't really all that appealing to me but the meat still tasted good. I didn't enjoy the seafood pasta at all though my friend did, it was too oily and had potential to be better, but there was a lot of shrimp in it. I really enjoyed my experience here so much so I went back the next day and had the boiled crawfish, boiled shrimp and boiled crab legs, all still tasted great.  I'm getting hungry thinking about it as I type...The best crab legs in NOLA! Was here while visiting for a concert. The customer service was beyond great. This is a place to let your hair down & get some great Cajun food. I ordered the gumbo, crab legs and corn. It was amazingly flavorful. I give it a solid 5 stars because it was beyond what I expected! Stop second guessing and GO! Seriously... stop reading & Go!I went for the first time yesterday, and when I say the food was fantastic I mean it.  I Ordered a Shrimp Po Boy and a meat pie, excellent, the po boy was over flowing with shrimp.  Also, they have boiled seafood, the usuals crab, shrimp etc. The turkey necks looked good, they had potatoes, corn, boiled shrimp, rice all in a steam serving counter.  Oh, you don't have to go to another store for you drinky, drink they have it al.  It's not a sit down restaurant, order your food and go.  Love this place!The best crawfish I have had in my life! You can get it boiled or fried as well as pick up fresh seafood. I definitely recommend anyone to order the boiled seafood, grab a seat and get to work! You will leave full and satisfied.Nice friendly staff here.  It's a bit confusing at first but you order with the guys up at front then pay at the corner.  The shrimps r huge but they don't taste really fresh the meat had a rubbery texture to it.  The Crawfish was tastier but they were quite tiny and I got a ton of broken legs in my bag.  Just prepare yourself their seasoning is fairly spicy and got my sinuses running.  The popcorn shrimp was my last favorite it was a bit too salty for me.  Overall an easy place to eat at for a casual group mealMust go!! Real! & Authentic! Oh and that OoeyGooey cake!! 
You can visit the tourist spots on the tourist streets but you will lose! This place is about 10min from Bourbon St and worth the ride.  
You will keep NO on the repeat bucket list just for this restaurant!A local told me to try this place and I'm glad I did! Hey His is now a MUST GO TO when I'm in NOLA! The crawfish was sweet and delish! Their boil was so damn good!Louisiana crawfish is all about the boil. And Cajun Seafood does it right. I have probably tried nearly every crawfish joint between Jefferson and Orleans parish and this place does it right. Lots of flavor, just enough spice and never over cooked. They also have one of the tastiest fried chicken wings. And best of all, their prices are unbeatable. They definitely have my business.This place is so affordable and so good! We ordered 2 lbs of crawfish, 1 lb of Dungeness crabs, and a large gumbo. The flavoring made the crawfish and crab meat so sweet! You get a lot for how much you're paying. Good bang for the buck. Nothing was overly spicy and it's a descent place. Service was fast and friendly.This place is where you come while visiting and want a break from the touristy part of New Orleans.. Nestled right in 7th ward and is a quick uber ride from the french quarters. The line was very long but it was wellll worth the wait.. I ordered 2 pounds of craw-fish and a 1/2 pound of blue crab and it was amazing along with corn and potato and a gingerale which all came up to about 20.00.. they have other things like seafood platters, lobster and my new fav craw-fish pies.. so well worth the money and the next time I visit New Orleans I will be sure to stop by .. 
The craw-fish plate is mine , the seafood plate is my friendsNot a touristy place. If you want authentic crawfish, this is your best stop Grab lots of napkins. Order about 1lb of boiled crawfish per person and an order of corn and a coke. Yummy.Holy mother of god!! Came here with my girlfriends during our NOLA vacation and it was THE BEST crawfish, shrimp and crab ever. Also, your dollar goes far here! I can't wait to come back. We got there late close to closing time so we had to eat the rest back at the hotel. Put down some towels and went to town. Excellent staff too. Don't be scared to venture out of the French quarter. Take an Uber and go to town on the seafood!! Neighborhood not the best so don't venture off walking aroundAll I can say is yum .. off the beaten path a little but well worth the trip. We got 1.5 lbs crab, 1 lb crawfish ,  1/2 lb of jumbo prawns , and gumbo. Go here if you want a true crawfish authentic boil. The seasoning is spot on. The crawfish was great for a first experience , the prawns are hugeeee. The crab is beyond out of this world . $14.99 lb totally worth every penny. The place isn't immaculate but when you get great local food it doesn't matter to much . When In Rome , live like the romans !!! Go here . Take a cab it's about 10 min from the warehouse district !!!You want authentic Cajun seafood????? Here you go. Not some pretentious tourist trap. Come ready to roll up your sleeves shell fish and have some spicy juices running down your arms...... Cheap food. long lines though so bring your patience but so worth the wait. Neighborhood kinda iffy depends on where you walk but hey we all are people in search of good food right????I love this place... It's a bit dingy but what do you expect from a grab and go seafood shop. I love the fact that it's quick and you can actually sit down and enjoy your food. They have everything from boiled seafood, to raw seafood and friend seafood. Everything that I've tried has been great. They have gumbo and boiled turkey necks with are like dinosaur bones! Lol so yum!! Very fast service!Ordered 1 lb of fairy small to average sized crawfish, 1 lb of ex-large shrimp, 2 pieces of corn, and a section of gigantic snow crab legs.  Total cost was $31.  A bit spicy but nothing extreme.  Everything was okay.  I was expecting it to be more tasty.  So, a tad disappointed.We were in town for the weekend I just love this place. The wings and shrimp fried rice are to die for! I literally ate there the entire weekend. Can't wait to go back!The seafood was very delicious: The crawfish, the shrimp, the sausage, the snow crabs, the potatoes, and the corn. Some shrimps were not as fresh as others, though.
Also, the price is very good. So good. A good place for either dine in or take out.
There were plenty of seats.If you're looking for a spot with a cool atmosphere- this isn't the place. BUT if you're looking for damn good Cajun/soul food - THIS IS YOUR PLACE.This was the highlight of our trip food wise. We are always craving Boiling Crab after leaving Dallas and this met our craving. I don't mind the area or the cafeteria style. I don't care about that stuff as long as the food is good. 
What we got:
- Craw fish- yum but too much work
- Shrimp- my favorite
- Crab- yum, a lot of work also
- Sauteed crab- my favorite.. this was the closest to Boiling Crab since it had more seasoning/flavor
- Corn- a little soggy but still yum
I will be back without a doubt. We thought about trying to go again in the trip to get po-boys but didn't get a chance. Excited to try that and some other items because everything looks good.It's a pretty cool place where you get cooked food and fresh seafood. If I lived locally, I would definitely come here for fresh seafood to cook at home. This time we got boiled seafood--1 lb shrimp, 2 lb crawfish, 1 lb Dungeness crab, sausage, and corn on the cobs. The most flavorful one was the crab and the least one was the shrimp. Shrimp was large but a little overcooked. The rest of the food was all good. Crawfish was fresh and delicious. They also have other food options including Chinese food. Price was $43 for this visit.Los cangrejos y los cangrejos de Rio muy buenos, an que picantes (casi no puedo comerlos). Muy barato si lo que se busca es comer rico y nada ms, es el mejor lugar.The establishment is a cafeteria-style place where you order and pay for your food at the register and sit to eat (aka no table service thus no need to tip). Best Gumbo (full of seafood and meat) and boiled crawfish (@ 3.99/lb.) I've ever tasted! Why 4 stars?, well... my husband and I also ordered a shrimp po boy and were extremely disappointed in the quality of the bread, lack of shrimp and lack of remoulade (it's all about the remoulade, folks). Another reason for the loss of that star is due to the sketchy men asking for money and catcalling women inside and out of the establishment... I would not recommend going this place alone if you are a woman or a man with a small frame.
Bottom Line: This place gets 4 stars because of the fantastically seasoned food and fast service despite having so many local patrons crowding up the place. Oh, and I didn't order their fresh seafood but It looked great and was definitely cheap.Oh man coming back to california today and still can't forget about the gumbo, boil crabs and grill shrimps I had over the weekend ....... wow!!!!
The crabs are so tasty and extremely flavorful.  Gumbo are out of this worldWow the selections!  Lots to choose from.  Beautiful patrons that come here.  My only gripe is that the dining area is very limited, and the crawfish are tiny!Once again the food was good. Had a 12 inch catfish poboy for only $7.99I'm not completely sure where to start with this spot... If you want to feel like a local, this needs to be your first and last stop in The Big Easy! 
Food: The portions are huge! There is one flat price and you pick 1 main course and 2 sides. the catcher is that you can choose anything for your side. Imagine cajun pasta is your main, and your sides are sausage and chicken wings... bless this place for carnivores around the world.
Price: All that was mentioned about can be snagged for $7-8. Go ahead and throw a tall boy beer on there and have a nice time! 
Ambience: Its like a foodmart/restuarant.If you're visiting NOLA, definitely stop by! It's outside of the french quarter, so you'll get to see a more local side of NOLA that's definitely worth it. 
Everything is sooooo spicy, but soooo tasty!
- Crawfish: Must try! Very spicy w/ a sweet undertone. $4.99 lb. That makes it even better!
- Corn: Definitely cajun! 
- Potatoes: Decent.. could do w/o.
- Turkey necks: my friends loved! I had to pass.. :/ (I'm not that adventurous) 
- Shrimp poboy: Tasty, but the bread fell apart pretty quickly. Probably wouldn't order again. 
At the end of our lunch, our mouths were on FIIIIRE!!! 
Now, THE LINE? HORRENDOUS! It took us about an hour to order. I do have to keep in mind that it was a Sunday during All-Star weekend, so that could've been a factor, but I do hear it that it gets pretty packed in there regardless... so bring some patience.Had the lo mein, burped it up all day, got home and up it came. In for a great night. Its like eating food from another country, brb it has to come up AGAIN.  thanks cajun seafood!A hidden Gem! Great food for reasonable prices, will definitely come back soon  Try the craw fish!HIGHLY RECOMMEND. 
Aside from the friendly crowd the craw is where it's at. Once you're done you ask yourself, how could it be any better? How could life get better? 
Then.
You eat the crab. Holy moly. This is what it's all about.
Dungeness is the biz.
Must try A++++Wasn't into boiled seafood.. not what im used to.. but baby let me tell u something.. some of the best seafood I ever ate. Get the crawfish atleast 2 pounds!!Never eat such good food for so low price. Had a lot. However, it is located in a looks-unsafe area.First place I hit once we arrived in The Big Easy! I can't explain the way I feel about this place! I would have came every night but I was unable to make it! I will be back when I visit again. This place is cheap and the food is off the chain! Do not miss going to this spot! You will hate yourself! Buy big and take it back to the hotel!though crawfish season was over - my group was desperate for crawfish before we left NOLA. we did a ton of research/called a few places and this was the only place that had it. we hopped in a cab and 10 mins later we're at cajun seafood. 
the food:
- crawfish boil: hard to eat (expected). pretty small but probably because it's not in season. slight kick. a little salty. eat it with the potatoes or an order of fried rice. yum.
- shrimp boil: huge shrimps. great cajun flavor.
- turkey neck: pleasantly surprised. it's a little hard to eat as there's not much meat on the neck. but the bits you get are so tasty and moist.
really friendly staff. the locals eat here. yes, you're pretty much in the hood but the food is delicious.
p.s. it's near impossible to get a cab from here. we called probably 10 different cab companies and they either didn't pick up or quoted us 30 mins and didn't show up. make sure you don't have reservations/plans afterwards.Crawfish is a must, at least 1lb per person!! Blue crab, potato and turkey neck are pretty good too. 
Skip the shrimp and sausage unless you really are craving for some.So I'm talking to some tourists in Washington Park, they asked me about gumbo recommendations and of course I gave them my 2 favorites, Coops and Liuzza's by the track. Well as usually happens, a stranger wanders into the talk...kind of dirty and kind of drunk at 10 AM and starting railing on Lil Dizzy's (of which I agree) and raving that the best gumbo in town is at Cajun Seafood. Well, I take the ramblings of pleasant drunks to heart as they usually know something...
Fast forward to yesterday...and a monstrous hangover that I wouldn't wish on anybody, but probably did deserve.  The words of that man rang in my head as I left the bar I watched the Saints win at and I so I forsook the chicken wings at Manchu and headed here. 
Wow, just a classically great fried shrimp Po Boy...the Leidenheimer bread toasted just right for maximum crunch , a tasty batter, and utterly packed with fresh shrimp. They sell it up to 24 inches if your a fan of such things. 12 inches was a cheap  $6.99.   The gumbo was sickly good. Just stuffed with meat. The large was, I think $5.99 and enough for 2 people to eat twice...just stuffed with meat and seafood. Shrimp, Crab (be careful, it's home-style, crab shells are not to be swallowed) giant chunks of chicken and nice sausage. $5.99, ridiculous. Served with a separate side of rice so you get your full serving, too.
Bought some corn cooked in the Crawfish boil, so will vouch for that, too.  
Conveniently located right across from K-Does (which makes it inconvenient for most people besides me), but just about a mile outside the Quarter and worth the trip. Walk down, enjoy the architecture of Esplanade Ave and eat like the drunk man in the park advised...Just as I suspected, he was really on top of things.Super fresh crawfish,boiled in live . You can really tested seafood sweetness.[This review actually relates to the Broad Street location of Cajun Seafood.!]
On a recent week-long visit to NOLA to help a relative set up a new household there, we took out food from Cajun Seafood for lunch three times. It's take-out only, and the parking can be a bit challenging at the lunch-time peak, and you may have to wait a few minutes for your food to come out, but man, the food is so good. We had their small (12 inch) po-boy sandwiches, dressed (with pickles, mayo, lettuce, and tomato). Nice, crusty bread, and ample filling. We had the shrimp and the catfish. Both were lightly breaded with an ever-so-slightly spicy breading, and fried quickly so the outside was done and the inside was still quite moist. 
As I mentioned, we had the small / 12 inch po-boys, and finished them, but it is a lot to eat for lunch, so I might split a small / 12 inch and get one of their side dishes next time.
I can't think of anything that could be done to improve their po-boys, and we'll certainly be taking out from there when we next visit NOLA, and sampling their other offerings. So Good!Not an exaggerated review on yelp for this place...went looking for crawfish...found them and someone kind enough to show me how it's done....I can so see this as THE go-to place if you live here.  Prices are really inexpensive for their fresh fish items as well as their already cooked foods.  Got the jumbo boiled shrimp to go after the crawfish feast...all I can say is Y-U-M!!!!Was in NOLA for Mardi Gras and a local told me to try out this spot. It may not be the nicest place to look at, but for the prices and portions it was great! It was definitely packed, so I figured the food must be good. A group of us went so I got a chance to sample a bunch of different items! I bought the boiled turkey necks, potatoes, sausage and corn!! They were all DELICIOUS! If I had one request it would be to have the food a bit spicier, but that's just my preference. Everything was very flavorful. Gumbo was excellent! I also tried a hot sausage po'boy..i went to heaven!!! I will definitely visit this place every time I'm in NOLA! Good food..even better prices!!!I had been afraid to even touch crawfish lol for years they look like bugs to me. I been living in New Orleans 8 months and decided to give them a try. Because of this place now I'm hooked!Beat seafood on the planet. The gumbo, the crawfish, the crab legs, the corn on the cob, the shrimp, the list goes on. A must go for a seafood fanatic