There is a reviewer here who said the place smelled like urine. 
They were absolutely correct. And I was sure he/she was lying or delusional. After all, they were the only non 5-star review. 
I walked in here today, during the downpour that preceded the Endymion parade. 
I only got 2 feet inside the door before I smelled it.  I had to turn around and walk out. Taste is a combination of smell and the taste buds and the food might actually be super-fantastic. But the idea of that smell making its way onto my taste buds was a turnoff.A small place with decent food and drink.  As much locals as otherwise, which may be rare in the area.  Prices are decent, and service was friendly.Total smokey dive bar but you can't beat the prices and the fried oysters are some of the best in the city! And yes the restroom is clean!For a dive bar with food this is a decent place if you want a bite on the cheap.  However my gumbo was a bit on the bland side, it was filling yes, but delicious no.  With all of the amazing places in NOLA this is maybe a "miss it" scenario to me.  The bartenders were very friendly and perhaps I would have given more stars if it weren't for the mediocre food options.The bartender Amanda is the reason this is my favorite bar in the CBD. Every time I come in she provides me with exceptional service. Dive bar with 5 star service, perfect spot.Came looking for some good beer and fast foot and was quite suprised. Very nice people and delicious food. Definitely a lot of locals but they were all super friendly. Would come back again.Had a groupon for sandwiches and beer. The service was decent, as was their beer list. The po-boys we ordered were pretty good. The fried oyster one was especially good. They have sports channels playing so it's a nice sports bar with tasty food.Excellent little hole in the wall bar with outstanding food. Gumbo was out of this world! Pleasant, quiet and comfortable break from the typical local scene. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try.Tiny dive bar I would have never thought to eat at but thank god for yelp.  Ending up coming here 3 times on our last trip as an easy meal when we didn't have any plans or our plans fell though....never failed us. Alligator sausage poboy was amazing with tons of flavor.  Shrimp poboy was very good as well.  Good onion rings.Love this place so much!!! Super great service. Mel is the shit. Let her take a selfish!We just walked in and and then left after getting one draft beer.  Yelp has this place listed as a top 10 local bar but we were completely disappointed and pissed off at the brunette bartender.  We asked for a menu with a smile on our face and she looked at us like a total b:/ch.  This place has potential as a great local dive bar but the the business will definitely suffer with her pulling drafts and crappy stares at her patrons.Had possibly the worst burger I've ever had in my life last night from Cajun Mike's. It was incinerated. Left a black charcoal taste in my mouth. The bacon had to have been deep fried as it was all curled up and tasted like fryer grease. I shouldve sent it back but just let it go. The bartender who was from Boston was the saving grace. She was most hospitable.Best red beans and rice (with andouille sausage) in all of NoLa! What a find! This is my required first and last top (from and to airport) every time I visit this awesome city for red beans and rice.Was told by everyone to go here so I did twice!  Only to be forced out by the thick cigarette smoke.  Disgusting place. Never even got a chance to order it was that bad.  If you want to smell like smoke and like your drinks and food to taste like smoke it's your kinda place.Real friendly staff, nice beer selection on tap and some good ol' New Orleans bar food. And the bathrooms were even clean too.Cheerful and fast bartender up front. Sandwich savant in the back. What's not to like? Highly recommended if you want a pint and a bite to eat.I loved every second a spent here. Great prices, good cold beer, awesome food! The gumbo was killer, po boys were awesome. This place was the best hangover cure a girl could ask for. Will definitely be a must-stop on our next trip to New Orleans! Everyone looked at us funny when we walked in (I guess we looked kinda touristy), but after some good conversation with the locals we were welcomed with open arms. Awesome, awesome find.Such a great place!  Did a boudin ball, crawfish kicker, onion ring & mozzarella stick sampler.  Can honestly say I liked it better than my $50 steak dinner the night before.  Dive bar doesn't begin to cover it but the people there are great :)GROUPONED a coupon $20 only $13 dive bar with sweet twig of server. She was so tiny and nice! Her dog Paco was amazing and loved some butt scratches! Very well mannered and never came outside to visit unless was walking outside when invited by bartender. The laziest/sweetest pit I've seen! Anyways food was so good never had a boudin ball but omg so flavorful! Had some of the best food on our trip here and cost us $13 for Groupon and $10 for left over bill and tip! Was soooo good.A fun atmosphere with really good and cheap food right off canal street. Drink prices are the lowest in the area. This is a dive bar where cigarettes are smokedFriendly staff, great sandwiches, and cheap beer. What else could you want? Make sure to try the Cochon de lait, it's a decision you won't regret.I'm surprised this place is still in business.  Okay, it's a dive bar but stay away from the food.  My jambalaya app was dirty rice with one tiny chuck of sausage, one tiny chuck of shrimp, and a bunch of bay leaves to pick out.  Gumbo was nothing special.  The bartender was stuck serving the entire place but just couldn't keep up, overworked.  Order, drink refill, check took forever.  The only reason to come here is to mingle with friendly locals.Basic dive bar with standard prices for drinks.  Had the alligator sausage po' boy sandwich.  Very tasty and HUUUUGE!  Ended up giving the other half of my sandwich away as I couldn't eat it (definitely good for two).  Overall, an enjoyable place that did the job.The food is great, I can only boast about the food. Great great and great. However the men restroom is nasty, no soap in the restroom. No trash can neither. We had to ask the guy behind the bar for soap. Smh. But other than that, food great.I loved the alligator sausage po-boy and I may be the first person to try one while completely sober.  It was delicious, messy, and a little out of place in this crowded smokey bar.  The cajun mustard, pickles,and mayo greatly enhanced the sausage's flavor.It's not bad "Bar" food. The bartender was friendly and very social. She made sure our drinks were never low and mix her drinks rather well.solid poboys for a decent price and very competitive drink prices. not very much seating at the tables, and the bathrooms are so so so tiny. but service was quick and friendly, no frills/fuss. we pretty much all got shrimp poboys and a couple of beers, and they were delicious. was pretty crowded for such an odd hour. if you don't mind squeezing in a dark space with some friends, prepare to enjoy some funky music and good food.We ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo which was amazing, jambalaya, alligator sausage po-boy and spicy chicken sandwich. Everything was really good! The bill was only about $30! It was a great little lunch spot.After using this app for years and not reviewing anything, my horrible experience here required me to share this.  I just went into this bar and they denied my Canadian drivers' license as a valid ID.  They stated that because I was from another country I needed my passport, and suggested I was ignorant for not knowing the law.  I am 35 years old and actually went to this bar a couple nights before,  and numerous other bars on my visit and have not been asked for my passport.  Very poor customer service and won't be visiting again!Great service! Great food! Great prices! While visiting NOLA for a week this became our favorite spot on day 1, if you don't like dive bars this isn't for you but it's truly a hidden gem.Awesome little hole in the wall bar with friendly service. Prices are cheap and the food is great. Had the alligator sausage poboy and sweet potato fries. Excellent! Nice blend of locals and out of towners. Give it a try.Open late, serves food late. We came after a night on Bourbon. Fiance had the alligator sausage po boy and I had the gumbo. Both were great. Fiance said the po boy was one of the best sandwiches he'd ever had. I tried it and thought it was pretty damn good myself. Food was cheap and fast.Fun neighborhood sports bar that serves above average creole food at very good prices.  Located on the outskirts of CBD pretty close to Canal street, it's a great place to watch a sports game, a beer, and a bite to eat.  Mike himself was behind the bar when I ordered and he's really proud of the food and especially the gumbo, which is his family recipe and is made fresh every morning.  The Groupon I got was good for a drink and a sandwich, and there are a lot of different sandwich types and meats to choose from.  Besides the po' boys, they also have Cuban pressed sandwiches, burgers, Italian, and Muffalettas.  A variety of fillings, and they come with a side of fries and onion rings.  I had to order the gumbo too, which was very thick and tasty.  
Would come again, worth a visit for a casual meal.Food was solid but would not call it amazing. Prices however very reasonable and relaxed place.Food was quick and delicious. Nathan was very attentive and amazing ! Amanda was very welcoming and inviting!I freakin love this place and recommend it to everyone that goes to NOLA.  I wandered in one day when I got off the trolley car and was starving and although it is totally a divey sports bar the food is amazing. The Cochon de Lait po boy is mouth watering good and everytime I am in NOLA I make sure I go in and get one. Yum.Came back again before leaving new orleans and now I'm completely obsessed with their gator sausage Po'boy. It's amazing. You gotta put a few drops of crystal on it! The food is the best in new orleans, trust me, this is the only place I've gone to twice. I'll fly back from the northwest if it's just to eat here for a few days.Great po' boy and service during Mardi Gras. Very quick even with a crowd. They honored Groupon with no issues. The bar tender was very nice & efficient even though she was swamped.Lots of locals inside drinking up a storm.  Liked the chilled vibe and the shrimp po boy was good.  Cheap drinks, even better!  Took off 2 stars not because it was a dive (I expected that) but the gumbo I had made me sick all night.  It was mildly warm, the rice was crunchy and I couldn't keep food down for the next day.    I'd say it was something else I had but I only had a turkey sandwich earlier and felt fine until this meal.On again in my search god New Orleans best catfish  poboy. I ordered this one and the fish was good but the bread was NOT French bread so the fail at poboy and the sandwich was small and not much on it. I will order from them again just not the catfish poboyGreat new find in New Orleans. Amazing food. Alligator sausage poor boys, Garlic butter crab claws, the best gumbo and really reasonable pricing. The roast beef poor boy tasted just like mom's home made pot roast and gravy. And drink specials are the best around. Bartender Sammy was awesome. Great personality and fast service.
If you're looking for a laid back pub away from all the madness of Bourbon St. This is a great choice.
Food was so good that we stopped by for lunch before going home. Nathan the daytime bartender was just as friendly and attentive. We will definitely return to Cajun Mikes when visiting The Big Easy.Not sure why i don't get hungry during normal business hours like normal people, but i certainly love and appreciate places in my city that offer late night grubs, especially po boys! 
Stepped in one random night with every intent of trying that alligator po boy ( i LOVE gator). Is it weird that i have this mental thing about eating a dinosaur?? Dunno, but they're Triassic taste is one that this southerner loves! I really dig little dive bars like this although, downtown is a part of town i'm hardly caught in. 
The bartender, Amanda, was really cool, she sure knows how to compliment an old man such as myself, lol. I'm glad i gave this one a shot tho, it's good to know that i can snag a quality po boy at an off hour without having to go into the Quarter, praying to find parking and paying a few dollars more than what one should. I'll be around.Jazz fest weekend and there is only one bartender. She's good though. And so is the foodWent here for a quick bite before heading out for the night. The food was good and flavorful and very reasonably priced. We did do the yelp check in to get the $6 Bloody Mary and the bar tender looked at us like we were crazy...turns out when we bought another Bloody Mary they were only $5.50.  All in all it's a cute little bar with good food.Found the restaurant while perusing the streets and stopped in for a couple of po boys. Great food and atmosphere.Cajun Mike's is a local bar just outside the French Quarter. We tried both the oyster and catfish Po Boys. They were good, but not remarkable. Service is from the bar, so be prepared to wait on yourself.
If you're in the area it's worth a stop, but don't go out of your way.While the bartender/waitress did a good job of keeping our drinks filled and getting our food to us on time, she was crass, loud and obnoxious. I don't know what task the employee who sat at the end of the bar burping had, but it was clearly not greeter. 
One couple left without ordering, only to be obnoxiously pursued by staff to stay and then only to be trashed after they left. I wish we would have also left, because it's an hour of my life I will never get back. 
Food was okay. This is the last time I will listen to the local drunk at the streetcar stop about good places to try. I did, at least, check the reviews on Yelp to back up what the local was saying, and since the reviews were good, I thought it might be a big hit. 
Quite the contrary, it's a TOTAL LOSS.This is the worst place we could have picked tonight. We just left the Pink Floyd concert and we had the first round of drinks was great. We ordered 3 appetizers and went back to the bartender for round 2....Sasha is so messed up (drunk/high/hammered) that she can't remember how to make the drink she previously made. We decided to go ahead and just close out our tab and wait for out food. SASHA WAS EATING our food behind the bar!!! The cook made us new appetizers for free. I'll still never come back here. SASHA SUCKS!!!!A quaint little bar that serves up Cajun food.  Has a neighborhood bar feel to it and food isn't half bad.  Enjoyed the gumbo & boudin balls.  Menu is somewhat limited, a combination of Cajun and bar food.i was in nola twice in about a month & ate here both times. it is close to where i stayed & i liked it the first time so i went back. the cheeseburger is my go to. they have tv's & the bartenders were memorable & made the place for sure. very casual for sure.Dive bar with good po boys. I walked into this smokey hole-in-the-wall establishment expecting exactly what I received.. Smoke, (too) loud bad music & a good mix of patrons (a couple drunks, businessmen, college kids & a drifter).  
Do not go here if you are wanting wine or a hand-crafted cocktails.  Stick to the basics (all they have)- domestic beers & common cocktails served in plastic cups. 
The bartender was very cool.  She was friendly in a unpretentious & not "up-your-ass" kind of way.  I would give the service 5 stars. 
I asked what was the best on the menu.. Alligator sausage po boy.  It is not something I would normally order, but it was good!  But, halfway through eating the gentleman (using the term loosely) started chain-smoking, which killed my appetite. 
I got my check & it was only $20. Not bad for 2 cocktails, sandwich & fries!This review is for the food only and not the bar ambience. We opted for take out since we were traveling with a toddler. We ordered the catfish po boy, pressed chicken parmesan sandwich,  sweet potato fries and the jambalaya for a total of 23$ even. The bread they use for the sandwiches is too chewy and doesn't taste good.  The catfish po boy didn't have any flavor at all. The bread was so difficult to bite off the sandwich,  needed to get a saw to cut it off ;). The pressed chicken parmesan was bad too. It tasted like chicken tenders kept inside with no parmesan flavors.  Sweet potato fries were over fried and had a burnt taste. Of all these items, the 4$ appetizer - jambalaya stood out.  It was average,  I have had better ones. Since the remaining food was nasty,  this jambalaya tasted better.We went here because of the Yelp! reviews, and were not disappointed! Incredibly low prices, a GREAT sandwich and awesome fries. Gloria was a treasure, and knew her beers, and they had a couple of wonderful beers on tap. It's a local bar and very friendly. Had a great time.The bartender was so friggin awesome and friendly. The food is bad ass  and it is one of the best finds in New Orleans. Thank you for the awesome experience.Great small neighborhood bar with very good drinks. Perfect place for late night. Good jukebox too.Good food. Awesome bartender (Hannah). Not too crowded. Affordable prices, what more could you ask for (maybe a/c)Quick bite before vaca to NOLA was over & it did NOT disappoint, small bar w amazing bar food. Biggest portion appetizers ive actually ever had and the gumbo was the best!! Highly recommendTried this small local bar to taste a few local foods. We were quiet surprised how much we like the red beans and rice with sausage. Their jambalaya was very too too. Boudin and the sampler basket were ok. The bar tender took care of all 20 or so customers; she was even fun and friendly. Our dinner with 4 drinks cost less than $50.Driving from Phoenix to West Palm with a Teacup Chihuahua, Cajun Mike's was the first establishment along the way that allowed us both to hang out indoors together. Walking into a room of drunks always warms my transient heart..
Mary was in love with the chihuahua, I was in love with Paul, Paul was in love with Jager.. and Jager.. well.. Jager loves us all..
I got sloshed and woke up at a Shell gas station 30 miles outside New Orleans..
all things in tact...  car, wallet, money, chihuahua.. even some weird photos on my phone..
ONE WEEK LATER.. (on a Tuesday)
West Palm back to Phoenix I stop at Cajun Mike's again this time no pup. I eat red bean and rice 'soup' courtesy of  chef Joe. Hearty meal for the wanderer
Nathan, The Bartender.. made it difficult to leave. He kept blocking the door with his award winning smile and foggy San Francisco colored eyes.
I also met the new owner, Ray. Nice feller. Good luck with all that. Ill see ya soon.
I love New Orleans in its entirety and Cajun Mike's was the frosting on the nipple.The alligator sausage poboy is a must! The seasoning in the sausage paired with the creole mustard and coleslaw was divine! (And I'm not usually a coleslaw person)
 It's a bar, so don't expect the same service as a full waitstaff in a restaurant; but when we went our server/bartender was attentive and friendly! The food was great, the beer cold, and the casual atmosphere was just perfect for lunch before our walk around town.Summary:
Dive bar with decent food.
Details:
This place allows smoking indoors, so be wary if that's not your cup of tea. I ordered the oyster po boy and my girlfriend ordered the shrimp po boy. We also the jambalaya.  
First of all, the po boys are huge, but they are also a bit bready. My oysters were a bit too friend and had the burnt taste, but my girlfriend really liked her shrimp po boy.  The jambalaya here was also very good.
I'd probably come back, but to take the food out. Also wouldn't order the oysters again. Want to try the alligator po boy.Walked in and it was if everyone in the place was family. They immediately welcomed us into this conversation and atmosphere. Quick service, great food, and Hannah our waitress (blonde) treated us well and was on top of everything. Not only that, she was friendly and gave great suggestions for food!Per others' recommendations, we ordered a muffuletta and an alligator sausage poboy.  Onion rings and sweet potato fries on the side.   A couple of pints of Abita amber to round it out!
The alligator sausage poboy was freakin' amazing! Juicy flavorful sausage and loaded with onions and cabbage .... And dripping with sauce (I made a royal mess of myself and the bartop). The muffuletta was thick and full of meat and gooey cheese and they didn't skimp on the olives in the least. 
The onion rings and fries were typical bar fare and plentiful.  We left with half the muffuletta and the fries for a togo snack later. 
Open doors to the street meant not smoky at all and the bartender and other patrons were Nawlins friendly!
Affordable, plentiful food - I'd definitely make a return visit on another trip to town.After visiting the city for a week, I ate (and drank) at Mikes at least 3 times. The food was absolutely remarkable and the manager was super friendly. Can't wait to come back for some more alligator sausage!Get the gumbo. Wow ! So flavorful . Only giving it four stars because i didnt try anything else but the gumbo deserves five.When you're starving, everything looks good. We ordered a little bit off everything, but the best thing was the jambalaya. Everything else was too salty which is fine because you have a drink being at the bar. The vibe is good and the tender was sweet. We'll be back for the music and drinks.First time I heard the term Poboy was here in NOLA. so I looked up for the best place to try them without spending a fortune. Mike's Pub was the right choice I believe.
Decent size, very reasonable price, the bartender was polite and the A/C was KICKING (much needed!!).
We got the Cochon de Lait (delicious and juicy pulled pork) and obviously the "gator sausage". Both were excellent choices.
The interior of the place reminded me of an english/irish pub to be honest!Five star shit show. But still cool I like broke drunk folks who work....will be back.This is that hole in the wall bar that everyone loves. We stopped by for lunch and a few beers and even though it was steps off Canal street we were the only tourist in the place. Beer was cold and the food hot. Decent beer Seles toon with a few local choices, enough spirits to make anything you could think of. Great change of pace in comparison to canal and burning street.Your typical bar food so I'm very confused why it has 4 stars. The bartender was amazing but the atmosphere and food were lacking.The bar looks old but don't let the looks fool you. Bartender Rue was amazing and very friendly. The cook gets down in the kitchen and made some delicious food. Great experienceCold beer and great food. Wife loved her cheeseburger. The Cochon De Lait did not disappoint.Alligator sausage poboy is an absolute must. The staff was extremely nice to my wife and I. It's right off of canal and barrone. I always tell my friends about this place.This is a small bar, but the shrimp poboy is good and actually has adequate proportions of shrimp which is hard to find in that area. The service was good too. Nothing in the area can beat this place, it has good food, reasonable prices, and good service.This was our first stop on Halloween Weekend and my fiance and I couldn't have been happier with this place. A small dive-y bar with a fun jukebox, incredibly delicious food and a warm atmosphere. I'm looking back over my vacation photos and my heart is filling with warmth again at the thought of it. We sat close to the door, which was propped open, to help alleviate the smoke, which wasn't all that bad comparatively. We had the cochon and alligator poboys and we gobbled them up joyously! So full of flavor and goodness. We were even offered some yummy Halloween candies. The decorations were homey and added to the vibe. It's just a comfortable, happy neighborhood bar that I am sure we would frequent if we lived in the area. We're from Miami and travel to New Orleans regularly, we'll be back!Dark neighborhood bar, decent food albeit slightly overrated.It's okay, but bars like Cajun Mike's are a dime a dozen in New Orleans.  Still, if you're looking for a place with a few locals who work in the CBD and a whole bunch of tourists who think they're at a locals' bar, this is the place for you.  The signs outside are the best part, really.
The staff is friendly enough, and some of them are personal friends of mine, but this isn't a place I would normally drive all the way from Uptown just to visit.  Usually it's the sort of place I swing by on the way from somewhere else to somewhere else, and even then, usually to say hello to my friend who's working behind the bar.How to earn a 1 star review:
Cheese fries that were cold and the cheese not melted. Literally the cheddar was on top as if the dude just poured it out the Kraft bag and left it. He literally stared at it and probably said "yea I don't even feel like putting it in the microwave to fake it."  Pressed chicken sandwich that was burnt beyond belief. "I'm gonna burn the shizz out of this sandwich." If I could give negative stars I would. Waste of time this place. Stay. Away. As. Far. As. Possible. You're in Nola, tons of amazing places. Can't believe I wasted my time and money with this place. The good reviews here are from a bunch of inebriated people. 
Should you even think of trying this place?
No.The food was just....meh. I ordered the catfish po-boy with a side of onion rings. The onion rings were good, but the catfish was incredibly thin-like, I double-checked to make sure it wasn't just bread.Was this the best po' boy I ever ate?  Probably not, but it hit the spot, and I had enough to bring back to my hotel for lunch the next day.  I had oyster and T had shrimp. 
The place is a bar -- smoke and all -- but for a quickie cheapie late night dinner, it was fine.  The bartender was friendly and solicitous, quick to refill our water without being asked.After a day spent in the tourist traps of New Orleans, the group I came with asked if I knew where we should go for lunch. I immediately (and by immediately I mean after 3 minutes on yelp) knew the place: Cajun Mike's.  No one ended up being disappointed. The service was the best of my experience during my trip to New Orleans. The bartender was incredibly friendly, polite, and eager to help. A couple bloody mary's were ordered, and they were as good as any I've had in a while. I also really liked the pickled green beans that it came with. The food was equally as good. The boudin balls, chicken and sausage gumbo, and BBQ were all delicious, and I wouldn't hesitate to get any of them again. When we got the ticket, I was pleasantly surprised by how cheap it was. Based on the ambiance, service, and value, I would absolutely go here again.Total dive bar.  Don't expect fancy here even though its right across the street from the Waldorf Astoria hotel.  Food was pretty good.  Had the Gumbo and Boudin balls.  Strange that they started running out of tap beer around 8:00 pm.  Selections went from about 6 to 2 including PBR and local Abita Amber.  Friendly atmosphere and quick to get in and out and hit another spot.Kudos to the Yelpers! Dr. Wife and I have found our little slice of dive heaven for our 4 nights in New Orleans. 
We can see Cajun Mike's from our room at the Ritz and we opted to drop in not long after we settled in based on some of the Yelp! reviews we were reading. We were not disappointed. As soon as I saw the magical blue ribbon with white lettering giving me the come hither from the taps, I opted for the $2 Pabst Blue Ribbon that teased me so, while Dr. Wife opted for an Abita Amber (a local Louisiana Brew). Both were cool enough to make our glasses nice and frosty and immediatley had us craving some food.
I had the Cuban Sandwich, which was everything that I could have asked for after a plane ride and a cab ride into the city. Salty, cheesy, hammy, pickles and a whole bunch of pulled pork on deliciously crisp and crunchy bread were just what I needed to make me call for another PBR.  Dr. Wife went with the spicy chicken sandwich, which was also fantastic. Served on the same bread, it had a nice blend of perfectly melted cheeses, nice chunky chicken in a spicy sauce and crisp cool lettuce. 
Had I not been as hungry as I was, I probably would have saved half my sandwich for later as my wife did. The bread actually stood up nicely to the hotel fridge and I ended up having it for breakfast. Jalepaneo Poppers were also nicely prepared and food was brought out quick and hot.
But probably better than the food, were the people. Atmosphere is as advertised below. It's dark, small, with beat up tables, money hanging from the ceiling and a great collection of what appear to be very loyal regulars. Great diversity of people here both young and old. We talked to several folks (oddly enough, including the "WEEE-OU!" guy mentioned by Chris L.) who gave us some fantastic tips on their fine city that would get us outside the normal tourist spots. 
The fine folks at Cajun Mike's basically helped us get our New Orleans trip off on the right foot and gave us a host of great spots to check out while we're here. That will have me heading back in at least for another beer before I go!
Nice big flatscreens, really friendly bar staff and some pretty damn good food make Cajun Mike's a must stop for those wanting to try a local watering hole outside the madness of the French Quarter.The muffelatta was panini style, other reviewers had commented on the pressed sammy giving more of a taste of the fillings  than bread...I concur,  lots of Italian meats and cheeses done up right.  The hot beef po boy was amazing as well, the beef was very tender and full of flavor and the gravy put it over the top, we could've shared one of these but we wanted to try both because of all the great yelp reviews, the top half of the beef po boy's bread was a little hard...thus preventing them from scoring a perfect 5 out of 5 stars...solid 4 stars, great little bar with great friendly service, we've decided that visiting Nawlins during the week when no festivals are in operation...is the way to go.Wings and poboys are delicious here and the service is quick and friendly. It's a small joint but totally worth stopping in for great food and drinks.I was on vacation for the New Orleans jazz fest for a few days and I had to come and eat here twice!! I was referred by one of the locals it had hands down the best PO BOYS!!!  Things I recommend trying are the Boudin Balls,Remoulade, bbq pork, and the cochon de lait. Everyone was very friendly and the guy that served us, Nate was funny and helpful!Bartender took multiple shots then later accused us of not paying then held a friends phone in ransom for a $5.50 tab even though we all paid. I drink when I bartend too but come on! Get it togetherHole in the wall downtown bar that is a nice little spot right near the Quarter. Passed here and stopped by for a little while. There was a Baseball game on and a big Tulane flag on the wall so this was cool with me. The bartender worked alone trying to help the full, but not packed crowd in the smallish space. Gotta hand it to her, she did her thing. Space is small and feels like a dive bar but I wouldn't call it that. Food is really good, the place has a comfortable bar feel/atmosphere. There's even outdoor sidewalk seating. Don't get excited. This isn't Paris, France, more a modest area that allows you to watch a store window TV. Had an excellent Bloody Mary here as well as some very tasty crab claws with a buttery dip. Overall, I really liked the place. If I owned a bar, it might be something simple like this.Great little bar/restaurant. 
Bartender called it a dive bar, but the food was simple and excellent. 
Shrimp Po'boy and Oyster Po'boy, plus a shared order of great sweet potato fries. 
Fresh bread, and just the right amount of 'dressing' made the sandwiches great. 
For a 'dive bar', I could eat here every day.Total dive bar and TOTALLY worth going. We didn't even get any drinks. Ppl were nice and the food was tasty.I went here with a friend to grab a bite to eat for dinner on a Sunday night. The place is not very big, but they had a good amount of patrons inside watching a couple of college football games.
After perusing the menu a bit, I decided to go with the gator po boy. The po boy itself was decent, though I have to say I felt like it was a bit overseasoned. Also, the bun was a bit soggy, but I guess that is expected. The meat was tender and had good flavor, but it was really overpowered by the seasoning. 
Overall, this place is your classic dive bar, serving up traditional Cajun fare. The prices are reasonable and the service is friendly, but be prepared to wait a bit as we waited over 30 mins for our meals.Great food, friendly clientele and a super staff not to mention reasonable prices.  A win all the way around d!This is not your tourist french quarter New Orleans bar. Its a cheap place for beer and food that caters more to local construction workers rather than to the tourists that flood the French quarter. That being said I loved the vibe of this place. The bartender recommended the alligator po'boy (like $7) and it was one of the most memorable meals I've had in NOLA so far. If your getting food based on economic struggle why are the restaurants charging top dollar? The beers were cheap, the locals were welcoming (if your not an @$$) the music was on point (led zeppelin) . This isn't the place for everyone but that's why I loved it, plus that po'boy is just too good.Great spot! Nathan at the bar is really friendly and happy to point a tourist in the right direction. The food and drinks are great and well priced.Kind of remind you of Cheers, where everyone knows your name. It's like being in a neighborhood bar when you're right off the French Quarter. Food wasn't bad, nothing too fancy, but you get the feeling it was more authentic than some of the other places. Stop in for a beer and  a Po boyNice little dive bar. We stopped in for a small bite and was pleasantly surprised with the grub. We got the shrimp and fries basket to split and a couple beers. Food was hot and tasty. 
The restaurant itself was a little dirty and the bathrooms were disgusting. 
Was still a nice spot, would recommend.Best kept secret.    Cheapest bar in New Orleans and fabulous food.   Momma always said "son don't follow the crowd" .  She was right all the way to her grave stone.   Except her 7th husband got all her money and we had to leave out the basement  window!!@Came here after a search for "cheap food" on Yelp.  Totally worth four stars.  Would have been five if they'd had what I went for (they were out of boudin balls and the gumbo of the day, the only two things I was hoping to order). 
Ordered the alligator sausage po boy and onion rings.  Sandwich was great (bread seemed nice and fresh but with some good crust), rings were pretty good, and the bottled beer was COLD.  Sandwich, rings and two beers came to only $15.  
Yeah, it looks like a dive bar, but don't let that bother you. Good music playing, sports on the tv and good food.
I'll definitely come back here next time I'm in NOLA.Star ratings are relative, and my grade shouldn't be taken to compare this place to Stella or Morton's. But in terms of value for the dollar, yeah, I'll stick with it.
Cajun Mike's is so inconspicuous that I walked right by it twice before I realized that this dingy little bar is the restaurant Yelpers are raving about. There's certainly nothing about the atmosphere that would betray the quality of the food. To be blunt, Cajun Mike's is a dive. It's dimly lit and not overly clean, with the kind of clientele you expect at such an establishment.
But the food: Wow! The bar menu isn't very big but it features an assortment of New Orleans specialties such as pressed sandwiches and Poboys. I ordered a shrimp Poboy, fully dressed, with a basket of onion rings. The shrimps were thick and succulent, as you would expect in this area, and they were nestled in a loaf of French bread that tasted like it just came out of the oven. The onion rings were crisp and plentiful. I couldn't finish everything.
Total tab, including a pint of local draft beer, was $13. I'll be back.Awesome. Cool hangout. Alligator sausage po boy was great. Will go each time I'm in NOLA.This spot was close to our hotel just outside the quarter. Nice little dive bar with cheap drinks and good friendly service. Go here if you want to meet locals & chill.Great spot to grab a gumbo and enjoy a beer. It was pretty quiet up until around 9, then the service got pretty spotty. Only one bartender for a huge crowd of people. I enjoyed it - no frills food and decent draft list.We popped into Cajun Mikes when we stumbled upon it while walking toward downtown. We were really hungry and it smelled great as we walked by. Excellent gumbo and red beans and rice! In fact, after a long weekend in NOLA, and many restaurants tried, this bowl of gumbo was my favorite thing I ate all weekend. It was spicy and piping hot. The red beans and rice was the best we had during our visit! We got it with sausage. The sausage was served on the side. This is more of a bar than a restaurant... But, the food is fantastic!Don't...just don't.
Last night in NOLA so we tried the red beans & rice because a local suggested it. Scary crock pot mystery food and the rice was in a condiment size to go cup.
What a joke.Classic classic cool @$$ old school pub, with some really good sandwiches, classic Nola food, fresh beer on tap. Awesome juke box and some slots to play. If looking for a nice low key hole sports pub with some options, this is your spotBad-assed place with cheap eats and cheap drinks.  I hung out here for a couple of hours on a Sunday afternoon just shooting the shit with the people that came in and watching football on the two flat screen TVs.
Perfect dive bar.
1) Cheap drinks
2) Odd regulars (the old drunk that couldn't be served any booze here)
3) Great food
To the food--I had the cuban sandwich, which was probably the best cuban sandwich I've had outside of Florida.  Crisp and crunchy bread; salty goodness from the ham & cheese; most and tender pork roast.  Home run sandwich.
I had three Ambers, a cuban sandwich, and an order of fries for only $17.  Tell me where you can beat that, bitch.Cajun Mike's is a great spot for delicious and cheap local foods. It's located close to the end of Baronne Street and is a little divey but had great atmosphere. It's a standard bar with sports memorabilia posted everywhere and a live DJ and it's pretty lively. 
There menu has all the local New Orleans favorites such as po'boys, gumbo and much more. 
We started off with the combo appetizer which included generous portions of tasty wings, mozzarella sticks and boudin balls (not a fan). 
We also ordered the shrimp po'boy and the fried oysters basket. It was my first time eating oysters and they were lightly battered and golden fried.  The po'boy was a bit bland, I felt like it was missing something. 
Overall, a great place to go day drink or recover from the night before. :)I travel all over the country for a living and seek out small local bars. The best thing ever is that I don't have to walk more than a block from the front door of my building to find one of the best. Cajun Mike's is my favorite neighborhood bar and I'm definitely a regular. Normally has a mix of locals and out of towners and that makes for meeting lots of new people. It can be busy at times but the bartenders are always quick and attentive. When it's slow it's the perfect bar to relax with a tasty beverage. Hannah, Nathan, and Chance are great bartenders and always friendly and fun to chat with. The kitchen staff puts out great food and very quickly. I've never had anything on the menu that I've not liked and I've had most everything. 
I highly recommend Cajun Mike's.Wonderful bar. A home base for anyone who lives or works nearby. Great drinks. Delicuous food. Nate and Amanda are the best bartenders in the land!The Shrimp Basket, Chicken Wings and Catfish PoBoy surprised us for late night food, and that was before the New Orleans Amber Beer.  A great surprise.This is located in a small, divey bar, but the food is as good as anything in the Quarter when you want a nice stop-in lunch or informal bite. The huge portion of red beans and rice was tasty, and the gumbo, while more on the soup side had deep flavors.Ehhh
Saw the reviews and wanted to give it a shot! Outside looks like a hole in the wall place - cool with that.
Guys some outside inviting us in - they seemed nice so we came in and ordered a drink.
They started singing some banter about their daughters private parts and...well that de-escalated quickly. Seriously the most uncomfortable moment. 
The bartender seemed nice.
We took our drinks and left then as we were leaving the singers thanked us for coming and told us we could get some "favors" in a green door. What. The. Crap.I had my first taste of New Orleans' jambalaya here and I loved it! My friend ordered their Pork Poboy, and it was good too! The pork had good flavors! 
Fast and friendly bartender working behind the counter!The food is delicious! Definitely stop by for taco Tuesday. Rue is a doll. Amanda and Nate are so hospitable. Brooke is also fun, total sweetheart. You can't go wrong!I'm over the moon about this place. We got here on a Monday night and joe was working. Joe is THE MAN!! We loved him!! $2 miller high lifes, $2 tacos on Tuesday, and good music. What's not to love?? Definitely a good place to get out of the touristy area, and kick back with some locals. Cajun mikes is a great little dive bar with a ton of character. I would recommend to everyone!Had half a cochon and half a gator po-boy and honestly it was the best food I've had in the city. Amanda was awesome too. Great service and fun to hang with! Definitely hit this place up. 
It's a dive bar for sure but these guys know what to do when you go out to eat. Next time I'm New Orleans I'll be sure to come back here.We were only here for Mardi Gras and trying to find food off bourbon street. I ordered the conchon - the first sandwich the po' boy section. It was amazing! Like, my friends all made faces when they tried it. The sweet potato fries were pretty good!I was on my own for dinner while visiting New Orleans and saw Cajun Mike's across the street from my hotel.  I was craving a po'boy and decided to check this place out.  The staff was super nice and the food came out quickly.  I hurried back to my room to enjoy my sandwich in privacy, while lounging on my hotel bed.  Whoa.....the pulled pork po'boy was friggin' awesome!  They put coleslaw on it and the flavor was tangy, tart, and oh so mouth watering.  And it was an absolute mess!!!  I had to use a hotel towel to clean my hands, which means that sandwich was the best!  The only thing I didn't like about the place was that people were smoking in the bar.  Whatever though, I am from California and not used to the indoor smoking.What dive bar doesn't like cash? We walked in looking for food rather than alcohol. The staff showed their displeasure with us cash weilding food eaters. We had to wait for all the bar tabs to be tallied before they would speak with us.
The sandwiches were ok (he got a grilled chicken sandwich and I got a fish po'boy) it was ok but definitely can get better in the French quarter or so.Townie feel in a tourist town!  Wonderful bar tenders, great prices, solid pub grub.  Just a gem!Dive right in!  A prototypical Nawlins dive bar with the added bones of great food. Three of us stopped by for an inexpensive lunch recently. The Boudin balls were awesome. Two of us enjoyed a very tasty shrimp Po Boy that had a perfect spiciness to it. The wife had their duck/andouille gumbo and it too was delicious. Throw in two local draft beers and onion rings and we were still out the door at $50!  Great staff, great food, and great prices, so don't be put off by its "under renovation" ambiance.Loved the alligator sausage po boy. Bread is super fresh, but the pickles and slaw are what make this sandwich to die for.Stopped in for an alligator sausage poboy and was blown away. The sandwich was simple and delicious--nothing fancy, but they nailed it. I'm going back.Highly recommend the wings, fries, and muffuletta press. The onion rings were okay, but definitely frozen. This place is a dive bar and proud of it, so if rowdy regulars and cheap drinks are what you're looking for, this is your spot. If you're looking for a spot to take your family, look elsewhere, as they are 21+.So we were visiting New Orleans for a few days and stumbled in here on our first night. We were looking for some quick food since we just got into town and were looking for quick food. At first I was skeptical when we walked in since it just looked like a crappy dive bar. We got food and we all thought the food was pretty good but the drinks were why we kept coming back. The drinks were dirt cheap and strong. The bartender (not the one in the pictures) was super friendly and talkative. It was worth it to get a drink there than walk around bourbon street since drinks on bourbon street were so expensive. 
Highly recommend it.I was hoping this place would be good based off of the yelp reviews but as soon as we walked in it smelled terrible. Not like food....just a weird weird smell.
OK so now let's talk food. I'll start off by saying no I'm not from the area or nowhere near but I am a foodie. This....this was just terrible. I ordered gumbo and a shrimp po boy. Gumbo had no flavor other than pure pepper..blahhh. Whatever, I have a po boy. It should taste amazing. The seasoning on the breading was soooo salty. Ate half of half the sandwich :-/
Seriously I'm not kidding when I say I've had a much better po boy in Nashville. And of course a much much better one in Baton Rouge. 
My mom just ordered the fried shrimp basket. She ate 2 pieces and was done. 
Avoid this place. I know those hole in the wall places are always the best but not this one..I seem to have had a similar experience to that of Taylor from a month ago. Checked this place out through a Groupon for two burgers and two beers. Food was good, better than I expected actually; however, the service was atrocious. Took nearly 40 mins for us to receive a hamburger, a sandwich, and a half order of sweet potatoe fries. I would be more understanding if this bar had seating for 30+ but the fact that it's cramped quarters and post-Mardi Gras makes me less forgiving. The bartender was also obviously not from the A team, but perhaps her performance was hindered by being the only person behind the bar? Maybe they regularly have two bartenders? Maybe they were swamped at the exact moment we walked in? Maybe there was only one kitchen staffer as well? All valid questions. However, I have zero interest in learning the answers, just as I have zero interest in returning.I had an amazing pulled pork poboy with sweet potato fries. My sister, friend and I went to eat there. Needless to say they helped cure our Bourbon St. hangover with lots of iced water and delicious food. The bartenders were kind and friendly. The locals were cool and I didn't feel like a complete outsider eating at this pub. Thanks for some delicious food!Saw this place on Restsurant.com decided to try it with the misses for a quick bite until dinner later. I had a chicken parmesean pressed sandwich and she had thr Crab Claws and the sauce with crab claws was amazing. My sandwich was perfect enough sauce so that it taste dry and the Service was also very good friendly atmoshere. The outside looks run down but don't let that fool you great service. No 5 stars only because I wanted an Iced Tea but they only served sodas because I don't drink alcohol.Small bar with good food. Had the shrimp PoBoy and my sister had the alligator sausage PoBoy. Both were delicious. The bartender was friendly and accommodating and the beer was cold!Small pub and grill.  Just a few small tables, majority of the seats are at the bar. Had the Cochon du lait and Chicken gumbo.  Both were good.  Waited/bartender was great..The alligator sausage po'boy was great! Beer was cold and cheap. For a NOLA dive, this place was PERFECT!Came here midday for a quick bite to eat after running errands. The bar looked really tiny from the outside, but was actually a decent size for a bar. After checking out the menu, I ordered the Sampler Plate and Alligator Sausage Po Boy through the bartender. The bartender was friendly and we talked a good bit before the food was ready.
The Sampler Plate came with Wings, Mozzarella Sticks, Jalapeno Poppers, and Boudin Balls with 3 different sauces. It was a really good amount of food for the price, but they were just your standard appetizers. I liked the wings the most of the choices, they were fried really well and I had them covered with Buffalo sauce. Their buffalo sauce threw me off a bit, with a flavor closer to crystal sauce than buffalo sauce. The Alligator Sausage Po Boy looked like your standard po boy, but it was pretty different. The alligator sausage had good flavor, but I did not think it was anything too special. They put one sausage sliced down the middle for each half and it was pretty awkward for me to eat. It ended up falling out and I had to reassemble the po boy. 
Overall, decent place to get food and drinks. It's a pretty small place, so I wouldn't bring too large of a group.Great food! Great atmosphere! Writing this because the guy bartender needs to do less talking and more waiting on his customers. Great place great food!!! No service tonight what a bummerWell, the beer was cold and the place was okay.  Ordered a cheeseburger, which never came, and it was a slow Tuesday night. Giving it 3 Stars instead of 1, only because the waitress did own up to her mistake about not telling the kitchen and offered the beer on the house. I still paid for the beer though....  I am in NOLA overnight 2 to 3 nights a month on business,  however I will not be back to this place.Sorry to say, but it's true.  
As soon as we walked in I caught that whiff 'o pee, others have mentioned.  It wasn't overpowering so I gave it a few minutes.  After my first drink I sorta forgot about it.  But it was there, for sure. 
It was pretty empty in the afternoon when we arrived, no big deal.  After driving all day, boy I was thirsty and I got one of the local beers on tap right away.  Ahhh nothing like a crisp lager after sitting in a car all day.  My buddy and I ordered the gumbo, cochon de lait, and an alligator sausage on the side, for kicks.  Everything was satisfying, and the cochon de lait was pretty darn tasty, sauce dripping out the sides.  Though, I don't think I'd come back just for the food. 
The bartender was helpful, laid back and pretty cool.  Once a few regulars came in she got a little more talkative, but still checked in with us now and then making sure our glasses were filled and stomachs were happy.
The regulars were loud, VERY loud at times.  They didn't leave us out of the matters being discussed, we had a few laughs.  There was talk of removing ones pants to irritate the owner who had just installed some new security cams.  My friend egged the guy on, for the hell of it.  Nothing happened.  Too early in the day I guess.
Not a bad place, chill people and decent food, but I have to give it a two for the pee smell.  If not for that, a three would be deserving, maybe four.What a cool find! Is it a little divey? Yes. Is the food phenomenal? Yes. Was the service quick? Yes. Do they have AC? Absolutely. We went for a late lunch, ordered Cochon de Lait, Boudin Balls, and a Cuban. We were pleasantly surprised with the Boudin Balls, they were piping hot and tasted amazing. Love the sauce too! The Cochon de Lait has fresh bread, tender meet, fries, hot sauce, gravy, and pickles. I can't describe it, so just try it! You won't be disappointed!!Alligator poboy, jambalaya, gumbo and boudin balls. The poboy and boudin balls were the standouts.Great dive bar with great food
 Everyone was nice with good music. A little rock, soul and country. Great happy hr menu and the drinks were delicious. Located in the warehouse district.  Will retune to have a delicious Chonch...so yummy.Been here less than a minute, and already have a friend. Pub food. Great on a hot, muggy evening. Oh, and dog friendly.When I visited New Orleans a couple of weeks ago I only had one thing on my mind. Find the best gumbo in town. And i found it. Cajun mikes by far has the tastiest gumbo I have had. They use fresh ingredients and naturally spiced. Not like a number of places in town which tasted like they used seasoning out of a box. Must try it.So this is a total dive bar across from the Waldorf Astoria, where I was attending a conference. We went in one night and had some of the best gumbo I've had. The bartender was really friendly - even letting us try things before we ordered.
Walking by - you might just keep walking. But stop it in. It's inexpensive, good service, and a nice little hideaway from all the fancy places surrounding it.This was by far one of the best dive bars in Quarter! (at least that I know of)  I was shamelessly a repeat customer during my 3.5 day visit.  The first night, I ordered the shrimp po' boy - I mean its NOLA, you have to order a shrimp po' boy! - and several drinks.  I was not at all dissappointed.  The second visit I ordered the alligator sausage po' boy and onion rings.  Delish!!  My only regret was that I was not able go one more time while I was there.  The regular price on drinks are great.amanda is the worst customer service person!!!  we went in here to try a po boy sandwich. right from the start amanda gave us a little bit of an attitude and i thought she was a little overwhelmed becasue she was busy.  i ordered the sandwich i wanted, payed and tipped her $2 on a $7.50 tab just to be nice.  so we wait.  a big bag of food comes out and i know that's not mine.  a couple of minutes later a small bag comes out and i think, "oh that has to be mine".  the cook gives her the bag at the same time i am getting out of my seat and start to walk to the bar.  amanda and my eyes meet and she sets the bag down!!!.  ok, maybe that was not my bag.  so we wait some more and some more and some more. 30 minutes pass and i ask amanda where is my order, she replies "i don't know, i'm not cooking your food."  i see the cook come out and ask him where is my order and he tells me he does not have a ticket for that sandwhich.  i tell him yeah it's because i ordered it like 45 minutes ago.  he looks around and he grabs the bag that he gave her in front of me and says "here it is!"  i was livid!!!  i tried asking her questions and she just ignored me!!!!  wow real bitch!!!  as we waited for our food amanda likes to talk to her patrons about buying and using drugs!!!  yeah, real good conversaition to have at work!!!   kinda makes sense of her actions, druggie moral!!!  like i said to the manager i talked to the next day "if you want more reviews like this, continue to employ amanda!"  she is the most unprofessional person i have ever had a chance to encounter   
don't bother with this place!!!  a waste of time and money!!!  go around the corner to "brothers chicken"  or down the street to the pizza barMike's is a gem compared to the overpriced nearby restaurants. We ordered a shrimp Po Boy & sweet potato fries, gumbo of the day, and jambalaya for $24! The Po Boy was stuffed with delicious crispy shrimp and the sweet potato fries were some of the best I've ever tried. The gumbo of the day was rich and hearty and the jambalaya was spicy and delicious. The portions were very generous!Great food. The boudin balls was great. Aligator sausage poboy was delicious. Definitely a great place and great staff.The boudin balls were fantastic.  The bbq was very good, fried shrimp were amazing, very fresh.  Place is a true dive.  Has cheap beer and drinks and some wacky local clientelle.  Good fun.Went here for lunch didn't have any drinks there but did have a very nice lunch.  The food was decent, not as good as some of the near by places but the service was great. The bartender was the server, I guess because its a small bar and the middle of the day, we did not feel ignored and he even refreshed our waiters before we left. Hydration is key during mardi gras. The place is a three star place but the bartender is worth a start on his own !i wanted something authentic and went here. Liked the Alligator sausage poboy. However i felt i would have even more enjoyed it if the bun was also warmed/grilled a bit.
Service was ok/good with a one man army bartender girl, ambience was what you'd expect of a low key bar - but not bad.   They were playing soccer on TV (as requested by other guests).I love this kind of place; and the fact it's so close to tourist central makes it even more wonderful! This is not touristy in price or atmosphere. The good was good and the ambience is old school local bar! Definitely recommend if you're only concerned with impressing yourself!Delicious PO boy sandwich.   True hole in the wall bar find.  Off the path with local food and atmosphereI ate Gumbo from multiple locations in NO. Cajun Mike's Gumbo, IMO, is top tier. I enjoyed Mike's gumbo more then I did from Galliano, Emerils, Herbsaint, and many other places in NO. The bar is small. The food isn't pretty, but its packed with flavor. This was by far, one of my favorite stops. We stopped here on a whim and I did not regret it. You can find decent Gumbo everywhere in NO, but your best bet for great homestyle gumbo, is most likely found at the local corner bar. Mike's is no acception to the rule.LOVE!!  My husband and I killed 3 hours here during the "kicked out of the hotel" and "too early to go to the airport" time.  The bartender was fantastic, and we met all kinds of cool people at the bar as well.  Best part was the $16 for 7 beers bill at the end :)  I can't WAIT to go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.Small dark bar with several bar stools and tables. Food was fast, hot and tasted great. Service good to ok. The bar tender with the low cut "tip cleavage" shirt does it all except for the cook in the back.I'm giving them four stars for the great friendly service and the awesome food.  I'm not used to smoking allowed in bars so that was the only turn off to me.  The guy next to me was a chimney while I was eating.  I had probably some of the best onion rings ever and a really awesome Shrimp Po'Boy.  I give credit to fellow Yelpers for helping me find this place.  I had just gotten into NOLA and was starving and liked the reviews I read for this dive bar...yes, it's a total dive bar but it has great character.  I wish I had the time to go back for another round.Came here for break after being on Bourbon St for too long.  I walked into the bar and a few people were at the bar watching a movie on TV.  Anyway, this place has cheap drinks and damn good bar food.  I had the cochon de lait and just think about it make my mouth water.  The sandwich features roast pork, mayo, pickles, french fries and brown gravy that just oozes out of it.  I'll definitely try to make it back here when I'm in New Orleans again!Yummmmmm.....best ever Oyster PoBoy, also same for the onion rings. Actually I ordered the PoBoy sans the bread, but with a side of sweet potato fries. It came out crispy and hot and delicious. Hubby had his with the onion rings. They sere amazing! Huge servings too.
Bar tender, Nathan, super nice too. And oh yes, ice cold local beer on tap.
This was a find as far as we were concerned. It's sort of a little dive bar, old and cozy. I'd go back for sure.Cheap drinks and good friend food. A perfect place to meet outside hotels and get ready to hit up bourbon street or the french quarter.Bar tender too busy letting some local hit on her to give any reasonable service. Food over priced for meh bar food. Chef seemed like a nice guy tho.Definitely glad we found this place. Highly recommend the alligator sausage po boy and red beans with rice and sausage. Prices are better than trying to eat in The French Quarter and bartender was pleasant.It's a bar, nothing fancy, with good service and food. Cuban sandwich tasted like it should and cochon and alligator sausage poboys were tasty. Recommend for sure, especially if you need food quick.Great (cheap) bloody maries. If you're a self-proclaimed "bloody mary snob" (eyeroll) this probably isn't the place for you.. but they're damn good. And for the price, even better.  Real friendly. Real divey (which to me, is a plus).  So they've got my vote.
I'm sure their food is pretty good too.. so def gonna try that next time I stop in for a drink.My boyfriend and I met some friends in New Orleans and Cajun Mikes was a great hangout. DAYTIME Mary was extremely hospitable, sweet, and represented her city with nothing but friendliness! She recommended their delicious po'boy and yummy onion rings while welcoming us to the jukebox. Mary had a ton of knowledge and treated us as if she knew us for years!! Thank you Mary for the friendship, hard work, and a great hangout on our vacation!!This place is trashy.   If you aren't tatted up or have piercings coming out of your eyeballs...then the female bartender will roll her eyes and not be very friendly.  It was actually a blessing in disguise,  because the bar is dirty and the air smelled like nothing but grease.  We walked out.  Clean, classy, and sophisticated customers stay away!!!  This isn't the place for you!I came in for an order of food to take back to my hotel room, and while I was waiting for my order I saw a HUGE rat sitting in the corner just chillaxin.  I've been in dive bars, and several places of ill repute.  A rat sitting in the corner doing his thing and not being concerned about humans as they go about their business leads me to believe that he/she/it is a regular fixture.
For what it's worth that is what I experienced.Dive bar with above average bar food! Po Boys were not bad at all (Alligator Sausage was probably my group's favorite). Nice crispy onion rings and fries too, all washed down with some low-priced cold beers!Great Time, Gator po boy with sweet potato fries! So good and cheap 2 dollar beers and the bartender Nathan was a cajun NOLA knowledge bank! We return for sureThe oyster po'boy was great but I was disappointed with the cochon du lait (pork one). Good dive bar with really nice people. Go during the day when it's empty and make friends with the regulars.their po-boys  are really good. it is very dive-y bar so if you are not into dive bars stay away. although the staff was very nice and professional. had the aligator sausage there and my wife had the shrimp po boy. they were great. if that's what they call a 1/2 order of fries than i'd be ordering it every time lol. good beer and cocktail selection as wellSad, horrible service, bartender forgot to put order in and when she did the cook forgot to read it.Great food and good drinks... this is a hole in the wall locals place so keep that in mind... but you can't beat the food and prices.After a long day of traveling, all we wanted was quick, cheap food and a beer. Steps outside our hotel (the only plus), Cajun mike's was a small dive that should only be considered a pub and not for their grub. We waited an hour for two bland and cooled off Cubans and a basket of mediocre frozen fried shrimp and disgustingly over-salted fries. Recommend?  Not if time or flavor matter.The cockroach on the wall should have scared me off. But hey this place got 4 stars right???  Well maybe it was an off night but the boudin balls were mediocre. But the jambalaya was far worse. It was hot in places and cold in others - obviously microwaved, and poorly at that. Didn't taste that great either. I'm just gonna assume that the 4 star ratings were from drunk people.The Cuban was greatness and who would have know that such great food could be had at this dive bar.  The beer was cold and the food was definitely kick ass.  I am grateful for the great list of places that Chris L sent me about New Orleans.  It was very close to my hotel and damn damn damn so good. It was early when I came in so there were a few customers who were enjoying a cheap lunch and cold beer.  I can't wait to get back asap.Great little place right outside Canal street across from the Roosevelt hotel. I'd recommend it as a place to stop by and get a quick bite, it's definitely nothing fancy. What it lacks in appearance (it's a dive, look up dive bar) it makes up for in pretty good food at very good prices.
When you walk in there is a table to your immediate left. That table = the tourist table. 
I ordered a pressed chicken parmesan sandwich, an order of fries, an order of cheese sticks, and some chicken wings. Bill came out to $22. It was a lot of food, they are generous with the helpings. I didn't even get to finish the food.
Don't be intimidated by the bar tenders or scene. Turns out people are actually pretty nice there despite the look the bar can give off. Service was prompt, food was good, and prices were great. 
I gave this place 4/5 because of the smoke. Seemed like everyone (and I mean everyone) in that place was smoking. The place is small and I'm not a smoker, so you can imagine what that can be like. Lots of smoke!Come here when Amanda is working! Best time I've had in the 5 nights we've Benin here.Was looking for a place to hang for a few hours before our flight home and did not feel like going into the quarter. This place was right around the corner from our hotel (Renaissance Pere Marquette). Oyster Po Boy was yummy, fries were yummy! Drinks were yummy! Bartender was attentive and friendly. I even won enough money on the poker machine to pay for our lunch and drinks!Excellent food and service.  Little place, but friendly and cheap.  Have the red beans and rice with the alligator sausage, really good.  Also the crab claws as an appetizer were excellent.  Would definitely come back again.Amazing late night dinner! We had the crabs legs, red beans and rice and the boudin balls. Great service and delicious inexpensive food. Perfect!Hidden gem! I recommend the Cochin de Lait, onion rings, and jambalaya! It's a 21 and over folks....have fun!!!Total dive bar but when all you need is great drinks, made from scratch food, and a friendly atmosphere (with some music picked by chef Bill!), your in for a great time! GF Robin: Ive been to NOLA a few times and have eaten gumbo everyday! I may not be a local but hands down  the best gumbo and red beans I have ever had! Hats off to Chef Bill!!! The drinks are cheap and the bartender , Amanda,  will take great care of you! Amazing hurricanes!! Total dive bar but one of the best places to drink and eat!!!Great dive right in downtown. Had a fried chicken po boy and a few drinks. Food and service was great, beer was in a bottle. What more do you need?Cajun Mike's was the greatest bar we visited in New Orleans. We liked it so much, we went back twice in the four days we were there. The bartenders were friendly and welcoming, the drinks were cheap (it was like happy hour all the time!) and the location was great. The crab claws were phenomenal! I could eat them every day. The boyfriend got an alligator po-boy and I got the spicy chicken sandwich, both of which were fantastic. It's pretty much all locals at this joint, too, which makes it a nice little hole-in-the-wall dive bar. They made for some great conversation. I will visit this place every time I'm back in NOLA.Sat at a table for about 5 minutes, no one greeted me or my significant other. So we moved to the bar where seen bartenders and other customers receiving SERVICE! We sat at the bar for about 5 minutes and watched the bartender serve others and never greet us. She looked at my significant other and still no acknowledgment. After about 2 minutes of watching her go back and forth behind the bar we just decided to leave. We felt like GHOST, so we left and don't think they even noticed! So if you go here May or May not receive SERVICE.Had my first Po' Boy here, would recommend it to all, those rolls are amazing . The service is good, the bloke behind the bar gave some nice recommendation on both food and drinks. Keep it up Mike and co!This is a typical dive bar. The food is typical bar food, but well done. Lots of regulars. Attentive and friendly service. Well worth a visit.Don't bother!  So, where should I start?  
The food: we ordered boudin balls that were good but took forever to come out of the kitchen.  Plopped down in front of us with no tableware, no salt and pepper shakers, and no napkins.  Isn't that what is taught in table waiting 101?  When I finally got the bartender's attention, asking for a napkin, she dropped off a bar caddy containing mini straws and a few cocktail napkins.  Really?  Give we a piece of paper towel if you don't have napkins!
Next out came our sandwich.  The Cuban; advertised as a pressed sandwich containing ham, roast beef, pickles, and mustard.  Needed a search party to find the meat.  I guess I should not have assumed but I did think I would receive something other than a slice of Oscar Mayer ham.   Oh, by the way, still no serving utensils.  
Now the service: yep, it matched the food.  After taking a seat at the bar we were eventually greeted by a woman that made it known that she usually dose not work Friday nights but was covering for someone on vacation.  We were also informed that she was "sooooooo tired"!  This, of course, as she stretched out head in her hands, elbows on the bar, and prostrating her torso on the bar in front of us.
I normally love dive bars.  The eclectic atmosphere of patrons and memorabilia is often interesting and amusing all in one.  A dive bar can also be a spot to find good cooking and local flavor.  This place didn't have either.Bought a Groupon and here we are. We parked in a public parking lot about 3 blocks away, no big deal. If we weren't looking for Cajun Mike's we would have probably missed it. 
Seating is limited but we had a table for 4 which was just fine. The bartender took our order within 5 minutes and no problem using our Groupon! He was friendly and helpful. 
I ordered a Cuban sandwich, my daughter in law had a huge hamburger, son had pulled pork. Ordered sweet potato fries and regular fries too. All food was good. 
Place is a bit smokey. No one smoking inside. Tv's a plenty.This is a total hole in the wall, but what I was looking for during lunch on a business trip in New Orleans.  Food and service was great.  I had the Cuban sandwich and jambalaya.  Both were very good.Coming from Austin where there is a smoking indoors ban you have to mentally prepare yourself.  Yes, it's smokey, and yes it's smelly. It's a dive! Did you not read the reviews before coming here? The wings we ordered were nice and crispy but not too over fried.  It did the trick and it was a short walk from our hotel room.  Drinks were stiff, prices were low, and the regulars were rowdy. That describes everything a dive should be.This was our first stop on our New Orleans adventure for Mardi Gras. One of the parades had just ended so we were looking for some food. Not many places were open for a late night food in the area so of course we yelped Cajun Mike's and they had an awesome review so we stopped in after walking at least a mile. The bar was packed with mostly people drinking so we felt kind of awkward ordering food but sat down anyways after a few people had left and grabbed a menu. We both ordered a drink and then an order of chicken fingers and the combination appetizer platter. We made friends with a few people at the bar who also ordered some food and they kindly/drunkenly shared their fries with us. So by the time we got our food we weren't as starving but it did take 45 minutes for us to get it. The bartenders were nice and attentive even let me charge my phone behind the bar while we sat and ate and enjoyed our drinks. Our experience here was mostly entertaining because of all the drunk debauchery going on. I kinda wish it didn't take so long for my food, plus once I got it it looked like they were kind of over fried. But I wasn't going to complain about bar food. The Boudin balls were really good so I don't regret ordering the appetizer platter. I'd like to come back and try a po boy, or a hot press sandwich because they had alligator on the menu. Probably a good idea to choose a good time to come back during the day where most of the people aren't just getting sloshed, because I'm sure the rest of the food is pretty good.In town for a conference...got in late and wanted local color without braving the Quarter madness. 
Found this great hole in the wall spot!  
Had Red beans n rice with a sausage link... and domestic beer.  Simply perfect. 
Lindsey was quick on service and tons of fun to banter with. Great experience. 
In my NOLA list for good!First place we visited for a drink and bite to eat based on the reviews. Upon arrival we were a bit surprised at the noise level on a Wednesday night at 8pm because it was loud. It was hard to get the bartenders attention to order a beer and once we did she forgot to serve it. We asked again and she apologized while serving us and did not charge us for that beer. The chicken finger app we ordered was delicous. We planned on grabbing dinner, but left shortly after due to the lack of service.Dirty, went here for late night snack and my girlfriend ordered a margarita that had a ROACH in it. The bartender apologized and fixed another drink , but in the mean time she was handling money and food as well as rubbing her hand through her hair and never washed her hands. When we got our food we discovered ROACHS crawling around our food. TERRIBLE !!!!!! Wouldn't recommend ANYONE to eat here until they get an exterminator.besides our hotel, this was the first place we went in new orleans.  we had been driving all day, so we wanted some soul food and monday night football at a local pub without any of the crazy, and this place was on point.
it was a little corner dive with a super friendly bartender.  dim and cozy with football on TV.  not a huge selection of beer, but who needs it in a place like this?  the menu was mostly of the fried persuasion but the red beans n rice with sausage that i got really hit the spot.
after looking at some of the other reviews, it seemed as if it was a low-key night when we were there, but i think that's just what we were in the mood for!Flatscreen, fresh bar grill eats, Guitar Hero, PBR on tap, and whatever's on the iPod - a little Night Ranger, maybe some "Wanted Man" Styx - what more is there in life?
Bring a jacket or sweater 'cuz it can get cold.  Otherwise dance on the bar if'n you want.Walking down baronne street, this little hole in the wall probably wouldn't be any out-of-towner's first choice. Luckily the concierge at our hotel highly recommended it to us! Upon entering, it looks like any ordinary dive bar. Lots of locals, retro game machines, and tvs spanning every corner. However the food and drinks were fabulous! Try their hurricanes if you can handle the punch! They are way less overpriced than the hurricanes sold on bourbon. The main reason we dropped by was bc of the sandwiches! I had the best hot pressed mufflata and my boyfriend had the Cochon po boy! Absolutely delicious! Great food for a great price!!!The bartender, kitchen, and patrons were warm and welcoming. Although this is a bar, the food here is not your typical bar food. My wife and I came to New Orleans as part of a "dirty south honeymoon" and the food that we had at Mike's was the best we had in all of New Orleans. Reasonable prices, and an all around great experience. We will be stopping by Mike's every time we visit New Orleans.For a dive bar it's really great! The bartender made it the best though, Gloria! Not only was she super helpful with questions about NOLA, she was just great. There's a juke box that the locals had playing great music and also a cigarette machine. I was told by patrons that the food is delish and they deliver! The locals were all singing every word to every song that was playing and doing an awesome job. All around great experience, great, cheap drinks, great people and great music! Only downside would be that people smoke in there but you couldn't tell too too much and the ones that were were respectful of the ones that weren't. 
Definitely coming here again!stopped by on my way back to my hotel. 
Nice divey atmosphere with very a friendly bartender.
Had boudin balls for the first time, they remind me of scrapple! 
Got an alligator sausage po-boy to go, which was tasty