Cane and Table represents a trend in bars that has run its course. It may be newish to New Orleans, bartenders taking ten minutes to make a drink to which they add tiny drops of special flavorings, but this has been going on in other cities for quite some time. The general consensus has become that it should never take more than a couple minutes to make a Cuba Libre - even if you have a handlebar mustache and are wearing suspenders while doing it. The two stars here is for the pellet ice that does make up the majority of the cocktail. Good stuff. Didn't try the food and was not impressed by what I saw on the menu. And seriously, a .90 cent additional charge for all drinks made with lime juice because of what is going in in Mexico, that is called the cost of doing business people. When you are already charging $12 a drink, I think you can assume your temporary extra lime cost.If you're looking for a great place for cocktails where you can sit and enjoy their great patio, look no further than Cane and Table.
We arrived later in the evening, and while there were no seats inside in the air conditioning, there were plenty out back on their spacious patio.  So it was out there we went to enjoy a few of their specialty cocktails.
Service was quite attentive and those drinks?  Well let me tell you  . . .they deliciously pack a wallop so plan accordingly!  We had just come from dinner so we didn't taste any of their food, but what we say (and smelled) looked delicious!
A really nice place to enjoy what NOLA is known for- good people, good food and definitely good drinks!Been wanting to come here for a good while now, no regrets whatsoever. Awesome selection with an on point bartender to boot, can't ask for more. Expansive menu and a good place you can feel free to ask for a random rendition with some flavor profiles your into. Love itGreat little hidden gem with no street sign on Decatur st. Nice change of pace from the usual ratchetness in the area. Clean smells great of all the fresh fruit. Nice mixology place. Good drinks nice staff. Order a boss colada. Not bad kinda sweet but to be expected. Also got the storm in dark. Also pretty good. My beautiful girl got the bronze beautified. Very legit. Then we got the fried ribs with chili sauce. Pretty bomb kinda spicy. Also got the crab Rangoon. Very good but needed more crab inside. Fried corn was ok. Overall nice with great ambiance. Then we sat at the bar and had one last drink. We had the bartender make us a drink that wasn't on the menu two palms. Was the best drink we had all night. Coulda drank those all night.We were in NO a few days and tried gin fizzes along the way. Cane and Table makes the best, by far!  Try one. If you like gin fizzes, you will love this one.When I asked the master of drinks behind the counter what he'd call his place, he said "early colonial drinking establishment." That works for me. 
It seems that nothing made after 1900 is available and watching them mix up any of their specialty cocktails is like watching an artist. It's truly entertaining. And delicious. 
The establishment itself is a treat, too. Beautiful, rustic, charming as hell...even the bathrooms are quaint. Enjoyed myself thoroughly.We came here twice, first time they were closed for Ash Wednesday, which was legit.  But I was so excited we came back on Thursday night. We made it through the appetizers and drinks and couldn't handle how rude the waitress was, so we left. Very disappointed because the reviews of the food were so good, but we didn't make it that far. Rolling your eyes every time you walk away from a table is not going to get the us to stick around. She even seemed annoyed the table next to is asked for more water, tried to pour them some as if it was a huge inconvenience and then realized it was empty.Could I give zero stars? Rude and bitchy staff from the host to the bartenders. Slow service with a bad attitude. They also charged other people's drinks to our tab and forced us to pay for a hundred dollars worth of drinks neither my wife or I had.Stopped in for a drink, had to wait for a spot at the bar, but not for long. Drinks were great and it was fun to watch them being made. I could see this not being a great spot if no seats were available. Next trip, I would stop for dinner (Make a reservation), menu featured items from local farms, and looked good.This just place blew me away. 
I knew by reputation that the drinks would be top-notch but the food is the total surprise. 
The drinks and food are drawn from New Orleans' colonial-Carribean heritage. A bevy of rum drinks are featured on the cocktail menu while the food is definitely inspired by the city's  Afro-Latin-Creole history.
I liked everything I ate but the standouts were the ribs, rice and peas and the calas.  Go hungry. Go thirsty. Just go.What an amazing hidden gem. We walked past a number of times and never knew it was there. We were looking for some small plates and queried Yelp when this popped up. So glad we chose it. Food was good - suckling pig, need I say more! Cocktails were pure art. Glad we sat at the bar as watching the mixologist do her work was so interesting and entertaining. These cocktails are not just yummy, they are pure alchemy with all of the little bottles and droppers of unique ingredients. This is not your run of the mill French Quarter bar. Check it out for an truly unique and upscale experience!A local recommended this place in hopes I would get a true feel of Nola and not just touristy bourbon street so I gave it a try. It was a HOT humid day and we got a little discouraged trying to find it (coming from bourbon street/it was a long & hot walk) but it was worth it, the entire street is lines with restaurants and bars...it draws the opposite crowd of bourbon street...locals..older people..hipsters, etc. this bar was pretty cool (I can appreciate how adamant the doorman was to check my id (because...well Nola that's why) they had a live band, a long bar, and a huge chalkboard menu with endless craft/local beer sections, the bartenders were kind and they keep coolers & large jugs of water & cups everywhere out of courtesy for their patrons (more places should do this) after that long walk I tried a local root beer (non alcoholic) because I didn't want alcohol after that long walk lol. My company tried a beer from Scotland and another from England, I tasted both and they were alright, this is coming from someone who barely ever drinks. we didn't feel rushed and closed in by the crowd which was nice. Stop by this place and this street if you're looking for something a little more "real"The drinks were great but the food selection was slim. Make a reservation if you're going for brunch...I ordered the bacon and got three pieces for $6. The entrees are around $15 for small portions too. Another reviewer noted how pricey it is...the specialty drinks expensive and they even feature drinks for $40-60 on the back page of the cocktail menu. Be prepared to spend some money.Visited this bar while in New Orleans in late-February.  In mid-afternoon the place was quiet and relaxing, and the bartenders friendly.  Had a Roman Punch (sans the toasted marshmallow), which was a very refreshing cocktail on a warm day!i'm so glad we stopped in this bar.  it was a respite from a very cold day last month.  they have a great happy hour between 3-5 (pretty hard to make if you have a day job) with a selection of drinks priced at $6 and snacks at a reduced price.  i think i ordered 3 different drinks and they were all very, very tasty and well made.  we were there ~4-7 and it started to get full from 6 on, so i'm not sure how it is at night and especially a weekend night.  but we were very grateful to find a quiet, non-touristy spot.So this is a 3 star review and I reviewed Cane & Table previously and gave it 4. I think the issue that we had here was that there were 8 of us and we were told that we needed to do a large format menu which really restricted what we could order from the kitchen. I think that is where most of the problems with the food came in because we found that the food that we got was pretty average but it wasn't the food I would ordered if we had been given the option to order off of the entire menu. I am going to just say that I would like to go back with a smaller group and order off the regular menu. Our server was great, she was really cool and joked around with us which was awesome. She got the heater out on the patio started for us which was great because it was starting to cool down. The manager wasn't too bad of a guy but I think that he saw 8 guys who had been drinking and assumed that we would be idiots rather than respectful people. The hostess working was ok but again same thing, I tried to be very nice to her and let her know that we would be receptive to whatever they said but before seating us she told us that the patio was chill and that they wanted to keep it that way so we shouldn't make too much noise. I mean come on that doesn't help anything really. So the food, the food, we got the hummus (2 orders), ok, the pork skins (2 orders), really good get these, and we ended up ordering some crispy rum ribs as an add on (4 orders since there are 4-5 ribs per order). These were awesome! If you go to Cane & Table and can get one thing, get these. For the main they brought us the yardbird and the day boat whole fish (2 orders of each). The chicken and fish again were just ok, maybe it's because I have been to Peche and the night before we were at Coquette and that set the bar a little high, I don't know. They brought us a giant flaming drink as well and another one that had pineapple in it that was quite good. For dessert they brought out beignet like things but they were made out of rice flour or something, they had an interesting story but I have to say that they weren't that good either. Again I think that many of the problems here were the perception of us when we walked in and also the fact that we were forced to do the set menu which eliminated a lot of the things on the menu that we wanted to order. Cane & Table is definitely a place that I will go for drinks because the bartenders are seriously talented but the food is another matter but I would like to give it another chance in the future.Huge disappointment. I was really looking forward to this meal but almost everything was off. Cool, old space in the FQ but then they have the lights on way too bright. Get some dimmers and candles.
Love the idea of the drink menu w the old recipes. However, execution was sub par and the drinks were it good.
The food was just awful. I have nightmares about the fried rib. Everything about it was nasty and not edible. We have 7-8 dishes and there wasn't one decent dish. 
Service was fine. Only part that wasn't horrible.Interesting Latin fusion, but more like Latin confusion. Fried yucca chips and hummus, not a brilliant idea. Micro chips keep breaking in the hum-mess. Then had ribs. Big mistake. Breaded and fried. Had one and wanted to throw up. That is something they should warn you about in advance. They had run out of dessert and coffee. Proof that there is a divine being. The water was good! And necessary. If you want fried, try the beignets at cafe du monde.Sal the bartender was the best, turned us on to the ribs and best venue for music of Frenchman Street. Would definitely go again next time we are in town.
Our experience was similar to others, in that all the tables were empty, but they could not find room for two of us. After 2 hours at the bar, the tables were still empty. Weird. With Sal the bartender we had dinner and a show.Ambiance was a 10. For sure. Service; crap. We waited for a table at the bar where it took the bartender a solid 15 minutes before attending to us. After being seated, it took them another 20 minutes before attending to us. We then struggled getting through our appetizers, the wrong drink order & fried ribs. Who the heck fries ribs and doesn't indicate such on the menu?? Anyway, next we finish up and go to pay. It takes about 12 minutes before they realized we never got water glasses and 15 to bring us the wrong check.Boss colada and crispy rum ribs=heaven. Chef Ean and Nick the bartender know there stuff. We also had the pork skins and Two Palms which also were relish. Sat outside in the courtyard which was quieter than inside.One of my favorite places in the quarter. Upscale, chic, and awesome craft cocktails.  My friend and I shared a bunch of small plates.
Three pea hummus: I should first tell you that this comes with a mountain of yucca chips-crispy, fried and made to order. This wasn't my favorite hummus, it seemed to lack that tahini taste
Kale salad: This is also a fairly large portion.  I never order salads at restaurants but this excellent. The black pepper vinaigrette was delicious and the yucca croutons were my favorite. These  croutons are softer than regular croutons and vinaigrette had a somewhat sour taste but it wasn't overwhelming
Avocado toast: Huge chunks of crab (too much for me, but I'm not a crab person). The cherry tomatoes went well with it and I wish there had been more of them
Cornmeal spoon bread: Ok this was our absolute favorite. I don't know how they make this but God himself couldn't make it any better. So creamy and it just melts in your mouth. The green onion butter makes it very rich and the tomato jam goes so well with it. The next time I come here, I could just order this and be happyAt first when we arrived we were a little overwhelmed, it was raining outside and inside there was a large drunk birthday party that made the whole place incredibly loud. Service also seemed terrible at first, took forever to take our order and seemed generally uninterested to be there. We did the all you can drink brunch, with the duck hash and ramen bowl and a kale salad to start. We tried most of the drinks on the menu and they were pretty good, the rum punch and colonial mimosa our favorites. 
Our patience was definitely being tested with the slow service and this incredibly loud table but we finally got our salad and another round of drinks. The salad was really good but maybe a little overdressed. After that the duck hash came out which was also really good but the ramen was cold and the poached egg was closer to hard boiled so I sent it back. Finally now is when our service started to get better! Our waitress was so nice about the mistake and ended up comping my entire $35 brunch and bringing us a carafe of mimosas. 
We were very disappointed at first but this turned out whole dining experience around. Most of the servers were doing shots with tables and behind the bar so maybe they just had to get a little tipsy first. After that she was so nice and accommodating. If you're looking for a quiet relaxed place this is probably not your best bet but it was very fun for the all you can drink brunch.YES! I happen to love tiki bars and tiki cocktails, so I was so excited to see this place in New Orleans. I visit NOLA quite often for the music and swing dancing and always try to pop in here. What starts as grabbing "ONE" drink always turns into two or three and enjoying a couple great appetizers. 
The atmosphere is GREAT. I recommend sitting at the bar and chatting with the bartenders. They are all really friendly and take their cocktails seriously.This is a great bar that's a bit hidden. The cocktails are amazing but a bit pricey for the size. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. They play great music. It's definitely worth it to drop in for a spirt forward beverage.Best cocktails in Nola! I had read about this place before making my visit and I was so glad they lived up to my expectations :) I came once at night and once during happy hour. The place itself is very warm and cozy. The staff is very knowledgeable and definitely take the time to find the drink perfect for you. The drinks are very good & I would recommend visiting Cane & Table if you appreciate a fantastic cocktail.The cuisine is described as "rustic colonial" and the decor does reflect a bit of a rustic feel consistent with the quarter.  The restaurant has an excellent website (professional photos, easy to navigate, makes you salivate as you scroll thought).  Our midweek dinner was relatively quiet.  I arrived to our group after we placed an order to get essentially everything on the menu to share family style.  The service was a bit aloof - tried for a long time to get a water glass and a wine glass.  They brought the wine glass but left the wine bottle at the other end of the table and no one ever asked if I would like anything (to drink or eat) which made me feel a bit ignored.  I wish they had mentioned the mixed drinks because they look fantastic on the website.  The food was consistently good - I liked the roasted chicken the best; most other dishes were good but not particularly memorable.  I would consider trying brunch to enjoy the full experience; the mid-morning light would be very pretty streaming in the windows and the entrees look very good.The ambiance is decent and apparently they have a nice courtyard, but if you're in for drinks then you have to sit at the bar. Their happy hour specials are good, and they do have a very extensive cocktail menu, lots of fun looking stuff to try. But the music is canned (not live) and WAY too loud. If it's live, I'm prepared to not be able to talk to each other, but otherwise, turn it down and let us have at least a little conversation. Also, the host was very nice, but his BO was so bad it was stifling. I could tell every time he walked behind me. We won't return.Stunning raw space, charming waitstaff, excellent creative cocktails and delicious dinner.  Oh, in a terrific location.   After cocktails and plantain chips (sliced ultra thin) and hummus, our group of 15 shared family-style plates of greens, braised beef, buttered grilled corn, rubbed chicken, rice and beans, and rum cake.  All great, really. This is not your usual restaurant.Lovely cocktail bar with tasty food. We got the Crispy Rum Ribs and Fresh Puffed Pork (I.e. Pork Skins). Both were delicious. Don't forget to put some vinegar on the Fried Puffed Pork though, it balances out the (surprising) sweetness of the spice blend. We loved the romantic atmosphere too. Would be a great first date spot as the music is good and not too for conversation.Wow. Probably the best meal and cocktail I had in New Orleans.  Great patio outside in the back.  Just sit back, sip a cocktail, oh...ignore the rat running through the restaurant (authenticity isn't pretty).Rum Ribs!!!!!!!! This place has a great vibe, friendly staff and amazing food and cocktails. Go here when you want to spend a few well spent extra bucks. Not an obvious spot, so keep your eyes peeled when rolling by it on Decatur.This place is so adorable and the bartender was excellent. Didn't try their food yet. The patio is huge and will be amazing as soon as they put plants on it.I came here with some friends  for the Sunday bottomless drinks brunch. Delicious drinks and food. We definitely got took advantage of the 2 hours of unlimited cocktails. Awesome and attentive service. There was a Saints game so this place was pretty dead so I'm not sure how the service is usually.My fiance and I LOVE this Cane and Table! It truly is a hidden gem in a very busy part of the French Quarter. The inside is classy, the small plates delicious! The craft cocktails were amazing and the place has a outside courtyard to boot! Definitely will be returning again and again!Really wanted to try Cane and Table since I've heard good things. However, they refused to seat a party of 8 despite the restaurant being nearly empty at 7:30. I understand that restaurants have policies and that 8 is somewhat of a large party, but turning away a group of locals when they could have clearly seated us is a crumby way to do business. On top of the place being close to empty, they don't take reservations so it's not like an unscheduled party of 8 would have thrown off the whole night with the reservations to follow. They had 8 people ready to spend a lot of money and have a good time and they passed. I get it if you're slammed but their attitude was arrogant and unwelcoming and not a way to treat customers. To top it off we there to celebrate an anniversary which we told them and they still wouldn't seat us. It's a shame that this place is owned by locals, they should know better.I had seen this place featured on the Food Network for it's special Duroc pork rib appetizer and it's dessert that was a pre-beignet pastry made.
Made reservations weeks in advance as it is a well regarded place among the locals. 
Great decor, great (warm) service, EXCELLENT cocktails, and great food. Our waitress was very attentive. 
They also have a courtyard out back that is soooo New Orleans.
And the best is it is in the French Quarter but far enough away from Bourbon St.
Bar area was loud on our visit around 730pm on a Friday. Not "bad" crazy loud, just the sound of people having a great time, enjoying themselves....NO sloppiness. Very trendy, yet casual.
The bartenders are very experienced and there are drink specials during certain hours.
I consider this place GREAT VALUE, as the quality of the food and drink vs. the price is easy to swallow.
THE FOOD
---app----Trubridge Farm Crispy Duroc Ribs with Pepper Jelly Papaya Glaze....this is the item that brought us in. The ribs are cooked, then deep fried for a surface feel\taste that you don;t see in ribs much. It was not crunchy as the glaze softened it up a bit. The meat easily came off the bone......It was everything I had hoped for.
--entree---Pork Loin Milanese with a Fried Egg, Mojo Aioli, Baby Mustard Greens.....This was an amazing dish. If you don't know Milanese style, it is pounding down a meat very thin, then breading and frying it, then dressing up with a topping...
 The Aioli, the (frizzled) greens, and the fried egg all blended into an amazing bite of perfection with the pork loin.
Another thing I loved about C&T is that it has a very small menu (approx 7 apps, 6 entrees, 4 sides, 2 desserts daily) that they change around all the time.
Great place for a full  dinner, or just for some great drinks and maybe a small plate (app) or two.Food and drinks were excellent but will get into more detail about why I gave this place only 3 stars.  I did some research to find a great place for brunch about 2 weeks before my trip.  A group of 10 girls were traveling to New Orleans for a friends bachelorette party and wanted to have a nice Sunday brunch while there. After looking over the menu online and on yelp,  I called and made a reservation for 10 (2 weeks in advance) and requested that we sit outside in the courtyard.  I also asked if they did anything special for certain occasions since this was a bach party.  They told me no but said that we had the option of a bottomless brunch and promised to seat me outside in the back courtyard.  They also asked for a credit card to hold the reservation and told me that if I canceled 24 hours before i would be charged $25.  
The day of the brunch, we arrived and were seated immediately at a table inside near the bar.  I honestly did not say anything about it because it was an extremely hot day and figured it might be a little more comfortable.  Once we were seating we were handed a menu with three brunch options ONLY.  We were all very confused since I had emailed everyone the original menu that looked amazing. From there we asked the waitress what this was about and she told us that for large groups it is a limited menu.  If that were really the case, this should have been mentioned over the phone when I asked multiple questions about bringing in a large group for a bach party brunch.  As we were seated waiting for our drinks to arrive, we noticed that people sitting at the bar were getting soups and salads, so we asked if it could be possible to see another menu.  We were told no, that there was no other menu that day.  From there the waitress came back with drinks and told us that they ran out of COFFEE.  I am sorry but if you are open for brunch on a Sunday beginning at 12 pm and our reservation was at 12:30, how do you run out of coffee??
After that one of the girls told the waitress that the reason we picked Cane and Table was for the menu we had seen online and that we wanted to leave.  She said she would speak to the manager and VOILA!! a few minutes later we were given the menu that we had originally seen online.  I would also like to point out that a few minutes later a large group of guys (approx 15 ppl) walked in and were handed this menu as well, not the original 3 option menu.  I am honestly not sure what all that was about, but it was enough to really turn me off to this place.
On the bright side, the food was delicious.  I had the avocado and grilled shrimp which came over cold soba noodles in the perfect sauce.  Another friend got glazed pork belly which practically melted in your mouth.  The drinks were made to perfection and the bottomless brunch was definitely worth the $32.  Food and drinks were on point, i just wish we didnt have to deal with all of the bull before actually getting our meal.
Lastly, at the end the waitress came over with shots for the whole table (not too sure what it was, but it was delicious) and took one with us and apologized for everything that had gone on.  That was a very nice gesture and very much appreciated. Perhaps it would have been a better experience if we had gone in with a smaller group, but it ended up being a nice meal.LOVED this place! Great cocktails, GREAT FOOD. Went with a large group and everyone left full and happy! The Scallop Salad was quite possibly the best scallops I have ever had. The ribs and sides were DELISH! The rabbit was cooked perfectly. Also the people who got dessert were in love too. DO IT!Yummers!!!
We got three small plates to split between two people and neither of us left hungry. So unutterably delicious! Can't wait to go back for a cocktailWell I know that it is hot and humid and Nola is full of bugs during this weather but a roach crawled across my table as I was ordering. I informed the server of this as the roach scurried off but she just shrugged it off. Nice. In addition, the food is very highly priced for what you get. Those ribs that everyone raves about, yes they are ok, but mine were so full of fat and I paid $17 for only four small ribs that were mostly fat. The only thing that was worthwhile was the hummus in my opinion. The tiki drinks are very overpriced for what you get. I'd suggest heading a few minutes away to Tiki Tolteca for better tiki drink options.We went on the late side, only for the drinks.
Like our previous night at Bellocq, we were stunned by how empty it was. The bar is of good size, and there's a huge outdoor patio behind it as well (which we took advantage of, as the weather was quite nice). "Cane" in the name referencing sugar cane, they have a distinct focus on rum and tiki drinks, and do an excellent job making them. We enjoyed everything we had. The only downside to the bar itself was that it's rather musty inside, so we were glad of the patio.After a bit of wondering (looking for a decent drink), we stopped in on a Sunday afternoon.
Place has nice vibes. Bartenders are legit. Drinks are very good.
Had the White Lion and a classic daiquiri made with Plantation Pineapple Rum.I love this place. The drinks, service and ambience is EXACTLY what you want from a FQ establishment. Tori and bartender today are super cute and talented duo.I love this place. Hands down one of the best cocktail bars and restaurants in the city. I have been here with large and small groups of friends as well as my boyfriend and never had a bad time. The bar has a great atmosphere and there's a large courtyard out back. Food and drinks are delicious.Waitress seems annoyed to be here. Short rib is super dry and fatty, but nice presentation. Brussel sprouts not good at all. Kale salad leaves are HUGE. Great decor, good atmosphere, rest of the staff is super nice and helpful. Very cool place, just didn't like the food.I would highly recommend Cane and Table.  The food was outstanding and the drinks and atmosphere were awesome as well.  This is a great place to have some drinks or have a great dinner.The restaurant is hard to find with no apparent signage in sight. I suppose this can create an air of exclusivity but can also make it difficult to locate, even with google maps pulled up and looking right at the building we missed it twice.  Atmosphere is cool and their music selection that night was spot on with the sountrack from Shaft and some Portishead on tap.  Drink selections were fantastic and carefully crafted.  A very well done list.  For our meals, I honesty can't remember what my wife ordered but I had the rum ribs on the advise of our server.  These are essentially deep fried ribs that have been soaked in rum.  Sounds great in theory but I thought they ended up tasting like ribs caked in a tempura batter that you would find in a cheap sushi restaurant.  I just didn't find them appetizing and couldn't get the batter taste out of my mouth all night.  I know the other reviews raved about these but I'm just not there.  For dessert we had their version of beignets, which were accompanied by a chutney sauce of some sort.  Again, this missed the mark for me.   A nice chocolate or caramel sauce on the side would have been a better choice for a dessert dish as these really had very little flavor or sweetness to them.  
All told a cool place with a good vibe away from Bourbon St., but the food ultimately missed the mark.I would easily rate this a five star cocktail bar.  The under 35 vibe combined with classic cocktails makes this a must-see on Decatur Street.  The seasoned bartenders obviously know what they are doing.  The dinner experience, on the other hand,  was highlighted by the excellent service.  Unfortunately the food was extremely disappointing.  The red snapper ceviche was excellent, but the pork cracklins were disappointing.  The crab Rangoon was gone by 8:30.  While the jerk chicken was passable, but the small plate skirt steak was braised beyond recognition.  I was hoping the experience could be salvaged by the layered rum infused  cake with whipped cream between layers.  I was surprised to confront a whole-grain cake, devoid of sugar or other sweetener with no cream in sight.  I was a prisoner in a natural food cafe.I brushed it aside and had a shot of Irish whiskey.I really liked this place! I will admit, the pictures of the interior on yelp are a little misleading. However, the cocktails and food are so so good!Cane and Table serves up some amazing drinks and have quite an extensive menu of signature cocktails to choose from. I had a boss colada and some other gin-based drink I can't remember the name of; they were refreshing and delicious. But what I'll best remember Cane and Table for are the crispy rum ribs that we ordered to snack on with our drinks. 5 stars for this place just for this dish! The ribs are melt in your tender and juicy and are coated with a light batter then deep fried. It's covered in a sticky, gooey sauce that smacks you in the face with flavor. It's got a great sweetness with some subtle heat. The dish is a little pricey for $17 but this was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.Amazing bar-restaurant so different than any French Quarter place
Amazing cocktails (had four of them!!) and good
We've had the scallops which were incredible and perfectly cooked and then the fish of the day, a huge whole snapper with two sides also perfect!Recommended to me by a friend of mine who frequents the city. After an awful breakfast at Cafe Soule, our group was looking forward to a good dinner.  They offer small and big plates. Between the four of us we split 2 big plates, 2 small plates, and 1 appetizer. It was the prefect amount of food for us. The waiter forgot to put in the order of our appetizer (which came out partially burned). But besides that hiccup our food was delicious! My boyfriend and I got the poke and pork belly which were drool worthy. Didn't try the cocktails so can't comment on those but the lemonade that the waiter was kind enough to order for us was delicious and not too sweet. 
The back area is beautiful. You feel like you're in another world back there. 
All in all, I'd say this place is a must for anyone visiting the city.I almost hesitate to give sterling reviews, especially in N'orleans, because all the drunk tourists in flip flops and wife beaters will discover the place and ruin it. However Cane and Table's drink prices are just high enough to discourage most riff raff. By far, this is my favorite bar in all the world. Their drinks are personally prepared right in front of you, and the friendly bartenders go the extra mile to dress them up. I always find a new drink to try and copy at home. Everything is good, but the Scotch Coconut is my new favorite. Nice courtyard and a good happy hour after 4 pm. Try the homemade pork skins (now you think I'm the riff raff). Just try this place but please please please, oh pretty please don't tell anyone else about it, ok?Disappointed. Beer was hot and food was just okay. Waiter seemed he'd rather be somewhere else. 
What a shame because it's a nice place.We popped in on a whim after visiting the French market, I had this place bookmarked but we had never ventured this far down Decatur previously. I'm really glad we came in! Fabulous cocktails and fast too. The interior of the building is minimalist but gorgeous. They also seemed to have a patio out back. 
The bartender could've been more personable and friendly but she was at least prompt in taking our order and preparation.  I had the Vauxhall Rack Punch which was different than what I'd normally order but sounded interesting and was very tasty and refreshing! My fiancé had the Brazilian Hardwood and he really enjoyed it as well. 
We will absolutely visit again and try more menu items next time we're in town!Had our company party here, and they made our night memorable. Excellent service, friendly and knowledgable staff, and the food quality is unsurpassed.  I highly recommend the crispy ribs, tostones, and avocado salad. The avocado salad is the best one I've ever had --- and I get them wherever I find it on the menu. Can't wait to go back again! 
-2nd time visitorCame here based on a recommendation from our walking tour guide and was not disappointed.
Pretty large cocktail list. Can't remember the name of the first one I had, but my second one was "Anything for Selena" because how could you not order something with that name?! Ingredients sounded a bit odd (corn milk anyone?) but it all worked to create a solid cocktail that wasn't sweet.
Shared a couple of different plates including: curried cauliflower and spinach dip, kale salad, three sisters salad, white sweet potato and peanut curry, coconut-milk marinated cucumbers. Okay, so I guess we ordered more than a couple of things.
Everything was really good, but the standout was definitely the curry. I think we each could have devoured our own order.
We ended the night with the warm dark sweet cherries for dessert, which I highly recommend. Despite its name, it wasn't too sweet.
Great place for cocktails and dinner. And anywhere that pays tribute to Selena is a place I can get behind.Wow!  This place came as a recommendation from friends and we owe them a thank you drink. Speaking of drinks, the cocktails were outstanding. The Martha Washington rum punch was the winner, but there were a couple of close seconds. The food was exceptional. We had the sweet potato and peanut curry. Amazing. The ribs with the tostones and crispy Brussel sprouts . Out of this world. The chocolate torte absolutely stood up to this fantastic meal. All of this was delivered with friendly and helpful service from everyone. Suzanne was a total stand out. All around wonderful experience.Their Coolinary menu got my attention with watermelon salad, pork entree and pan perdu dessert. There was even a glass of wine included! I had business in the French quarter and a small amount of time in which to dine. A lunch during August was a perfect fit for me as it was really slow for them and I was able to work it with my schedule. I truly enjoyed my experience there. I've been to the same establishment 1 million years ago when it was G and E courtyard grill and last when it was Pravda. I believe this incarnation has staying power. I had heard nothing but good things and had high expectations which usually work against the venue, but I loved it. I can't wait to go back for happy hour because they have some amazing specials. There are over 1000 restaurants in New Orleans and I can tell you I will be back to this one for certain.Review update: had another excellent meal here today. It was my first time experiencing their brunch menu. Very tasty indeed. Will be back! 
I recommend: yucca hash + stuffed poblano.The deep fried ribs are one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great drinks and food all around.The cocktails and bar were amazing! We had 3 apps that were good but not great. Worth going for drinks!I honestly didn't know how many stars to put because they would not serve us a normal dinner. Cocktails are good but be aware that 6-8 people must all participate in a fixed menu. It seemed to be contrived all of a sudden. If you go, the voyage on the maru was nice and sweet.The atmosphere was out of this world . The service was exceptional. The food was absolutely phenomenal:
The crispy rum ribs. 
Hoppin John. 
Duck sweet potato hash. 
Crispy brussels sprouts. 
Spiced cauliflower. 
The authentic Sazerac. 
Could go on and on but you'd be wasting time reading this instead of getting yourself to Cane and Table.I was very disappointed by this place. We walked in and the service was pretty slow. We ordered fired artichokes, "puffed" pork and the avocado salad. The artichoke was HEAVILY breaded and very salty. The "puffed" pork was just fried pork rinds and it was huge bowl that would be enough to feed the entire restaurant. I can't believe I spent $8 for that. Plus the avocado salad was straight up avocado chopped up, cherry tomatoes and 4 pieces of crab. No flavor no creativity.
The building itself is cool and I think on a day where it wasn't scorching outside, having the bathrooms outside of the building wouldn't be a big deal but it just made it feel (and smell) like an outhouse. Overall there are just better places in this town to eat. Don't waste your time.This was the first my fiancé and I dined at upon arriving to New Orleans. The service was adequate. We were greeting and given recommendations about their drinks, and they were really good. However, we had to get the server's attention (we were the only ones sitting at a table at the time, and the bar had maybe 5 people there) to order food. I don't know if just thought we were only ordering drinks, but oh well. We ordered the rum ribs, and they were amazing. Some of the best ribs we've ever had. 
I recommend coming here for the ribs alone, but their drinks are also really tasty.The steak frites and avocado salad were delicious, the cocktails doubly so. A local recommended I go directly here and I'm happy I did. The bartender, Lily, was lovely and a skilled mixologist. Top marks all around.We made reservations, but it was a rainy Monday night, and there were plenty of available tables. Since we went specifically for their happy hour, we decided to just hang out at the bar.
The two bartenders were friendly and efficient, and in no time at all I was set up with a $6 happy hour drink of a lime daiquiri (old-style, not frozen).  Perfect.
We then decided to order some snacks, and I promise you - it is worth a visit just for the incredible fresh pork skins sprinkled with cane syrup and curry spices. I don't even LIKE pork skins, and these were amazing.
After such a successful start we moved on to the recommended ribs coated in a pepper jelly.  These were like meat candy. I wanted to cry when my share of the ribs (2 ribs) was gone.
Next to a light bite of elotes - shucked corn with aoili, cotija, and cilantro.  It was fresh, crunchy, and flavorful.
Finally dessert, which was actually the only disappointment of the night.  Tres leches cake made with pound cake sprinkled with caramel.  I know, I know, I can't compare it to the amazing tres leches cakes found in Tampa, but still, they rocked everything else, so I had high hopes.  Too dry, not enough flavor; I would pass on dessert next time.
And there definitely will be a next time - this place was a low-key kind of wonderful.A must when you're in New Orleans. Great drinks, and even better food. Also, the service is outstanding. The brussel sprouts are a must. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.Fantastic spot away from the chaos of Bourbon Street. I asked the bartender at Sylvain where he eats when not working... he said 'Cane and Table'.
Enjoyed two cocktails, expertly prepared by a really fun and engaging bartender. She asked what flavors I liked and then chose my drink for me. 
But the highlight was the food. As a veggie, I ordered the three-pea hummus to start. The homemade chips were crisp and salty and the hummus was smoky -- a delicious combo. Next enjoyed the veggie plate -- clear highlights were the yams and the stewed tomatoes (sweet and tangy; I've never had anything like them before). Overall, very unique flavors and thoughtful combinations of sweet, salty, soft, crisp, etc. 
As a vegetarian visiting New Orleans there were few restaurants that peaked my interest; very few had more than one option. Cane and Table had plenty, and everything was delicious.The ambiance is stunning and the small size of the restaurant manages to stay cozy rather than claustrophobic. I had the market special, which was grilled octopus and it was very delicious. Our server, who I don't remember the name of but was from Texas was not only stunning but gave impeccable service as well. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes a nice dinner over candlelight and a great conversation.Happily stumbled on this place. The atmosphere was awesome. The service was great. The food was absolutely phenomenal:
The crispy rum ribs. 
Hoppin John. 
Duck sweet potato hash. 
Crispy brussels sprouts. 
Spiced cauliflower. 
The authentic Sazerac. 
Could go on and on but you'd be wasting time reading this instead of getting yourself to Cane and Table. 
My only criticism is of my shortsightedness to not have dessert.My husband and I honeymooned in New Orleans last week. Of all the places we ate, which was many, Cane and Table was by far our favorite. The breaded rib appetizer was a meal in itself and the most heavenly thing we've ever eaten! The meat fell off the bone, had a spicy kick and the rum infused papaya chutney killed it!  The 3-bean hummus with yucca chips was also delicious and hardy and the avocado and jerk crab finger salad was light and refreshing. We could not eat it all but certainly tried! We loved the decor as well, very simplistic and rustic yet dark and romantic. Cane and Table does not have a sign out front, only a menu posted in the window but it is right next to Coops which you can't miss. Fantastic cocktail selection and friendly wait staff too. We could have eaten here every night!Note:  This review is only based on the service, ambiance and cocktails. We had already eaten and weren't hungry. 
Okay, so this is one of my fav cocktail places ever!!  It's primarily a "rum bar," but it's far beyond just a rum bar. The cocktails are extremely inventive and delicious. I'm usually a whiskey, bourbon and scotch guy, but they have creative drinks that not just suit my usual tastes, they blew my freaking mind!!!  My personal favs were the Brazilian Hardwood and the Improved Bombo. If your and Old Fashioned kinda drinker, you have to try these. And the service is incredible!!!  Kassandra is fantastic at her craft, and she's a total delight to chat with!!  Lastly, they did a great job with the interior - a perfect blend of New Orleans and Cuba. Love it here!!Let me start by saying my interest in Cane was their James Beard nomination for their bar program. So we stopped by for a drink and ended up ordering apps and dinner and drinks. My favorite drink involved their house made spiced rum. Fanfrigingtastic. Can still taste it. Apps were amazing best one was the short ribs. My favorite entree was our cauliflower "fried rice"!! OMG amazing. A must. Atmosphere was amazing. Dark but in a beautiful way and very comfortable. Bar service outstanding. Service at table well she really shouldn't have been selected for the job. Didn't care for the waitstaff and the person who may have been the manager was nothing to write home about so very disappointing. If you're there and the weather permits check out the outdoor seating area. Amazing. Check out the bathrooms. Cool. Check out this place. Ignore the waitstaff and have a drink but pace yourself when drinking their rum or one of the daily punch options. We will go again when in NOLA. You should as well. Go armed w friends and family. They will love you for it.While we were mostly looking to nosh on Creole and Cajun cuisine here in New Orleans all the good reviews and blogs online kept talking about Cane & Table, so we decided to give it a try. 
We arrives around 5:30 on Sunday evening and we're pleased to still be in time for Happy Hour. Their daily punch was exquisite and I imbibed three. My lover had their Whiskey and a Beer special and was quite pleased as well.
To start we had the Tostones, being of Caribbean decent, Tostones are a staple at family dinners and I must say these are some of the best I have ever had, even better than my mothers' (sorry mom). 
For our meal we shared the Jerked Chicken, the skin was crispy, caramelized and slightly burnt! It was heavenly! 
All in all I highly recommend this beautiful, Caribbean inspired eatery.I was expecting great things after reading all of the reviews on here and Eater, but i was disappointed. The drink list was not very appealing, heavy on fruity drinks in January, which I thought was odd. We didn't like either of our drinks. The bartender was really nice, so 2 stars for that and the decor.Take a walk on the wild side. Try the puff pork skins, the fried pickles, and beef skirt steak.What a great place! We went at the height of the dinner hour and people were waiting in line at Coop's, which is right next door. The line stretched past the entrance to C&T, so when we tried to get in, people thought we were trying to jump the line for Coop's. Once they realized that there was immediate seating at C&T, a few people followed us in the door. I hope they enjoyed it as much as we did.
We ate on the patio in the back. It was surprisingly big, with lots of charm and a big wood fire place at the back. Our waiter, Johnny, was a lot of fun, and he was very knowledgable about the menu. I hate when you ask the wait staff for an opinion and they respond with, "Oh, I like everything on our menu." What a cop out! Not so for Johnny--"You gotta have the goat dirty rice. It's new, and it's my favorite thing!" So we got the dirty rice, and it was my favorite thing, too.
We also had goat curry, lengua salad (yeah, I don't ever need to do that again--it tasted good, but I couldn't get beyond that fact that it was lengua. *shudder*) and a few other small plates shared by the whole table. 
I almost gave this a bad rating because I don't want it to become the new best thing in the French Quarter and then never be able to get in again. I want it to fly under the radar forever and keep it my little secret. But that's just selfish.We had very high expectations after numerous compliments from a close friend.
Unfortunately, our experience was not impressive compared to what we have experienced at many other establishments in the French Quarter.
The crab fritters were ok however I would compare them to an above average hush puppy.  The ribs were not bad however the breading overpowered the rib.
Cocktails were tasty and our guests said they loved their salad.
Maybe we expected too much.  We left there wishing we would have chose a different restaurant for our last night in NOLA.The four of us out of towners agreed that our meal at Cane and Table across the board was probably one of the best meals we have ever had. Interesting food, fantastic cocktails, really good (and fashionable!) service. Do not pass up this little gem.We had the good sense to have our wedding reception at C&T's beautiful space on a Sunday night in October. Nick and Leila helped us to pull off every tiny detail -- including some wild and obnoxious requests -- to what amounted to possibly the perfect wedding (easy for us to say, I guess). The space is perfect, the food on-point and the drinks incredible. The staff were exceptional professionals who dealt with everything from blood to tears. Can't say enough about the overall excellence of this incredible restaurant.So we decided to eat at Cane and Table on a Friday when they seem to open early that day for lunch. Glad we did, we were first to grab a seat at the very cool bar, more down towards the end near the courtyard doorway. We were promptly attended to by a great bar tender who gave us all our drinks on recommendation, in fact, he made most of our drinks choices (rum/vodka) and he filled in the blanks. All great drinks and yes we did have a few each, it was hot out. We started with the duck empanada which were bar none the best we ever had anywhere. We had the humus which was purple in color and amazing. Ate only a few of the home made chips with it. Then we had a few more drinks and had to leave. Would have loved to stay and eat a full meal so we plan to return for sure. Great place, lots of nice drinks and great rum from the Islands.Do not miss the food at Cane and Table! It seems like a lot of people just stop in for drinks but the food was easily the best meal of any restaurant I tried in New Orleans and some of the best I've ever eaten - and it wasn't just vacation euphoria. Drinks were also great and service was very attentive and friendly. Great atmosphere and highly recommended.I am posting this review just to rave about how great the Yardbird is. I think you can tell a lot about a restaurant by how they treat their chicken - is it bland and uninspired or is it good enough to make you want to order it no matter what else is on the menu? 
The Yardbird is juicy on the inside, crisp skinned, very well seasoned (I'd love to know the brine recipe) and just unbelievably delicious. I also had the "succotash" with huitlacoche and found the veggies to be perfectly al dente and beautifully seasoned.
The food was so good that I decided to skip going out for breakfast on the last day of our visit to NOLA so that I could eat my leftover yardbird, which was still delicious 36 hours later and reheated.
YAY YARDBIRD!From the ashes of Pravda, Cane and Table emerges as a new and exciting alternative to the dive-centric lower Decatur street. It's beautiful, bright courtyard, pleasant atmosphere and creative rum-centered drink menu lead to a pleasant night out. Much hype and excitement had been building since the creators of Cure purchased the absinthe bar Pravda many months earlier. Nick Dietrich, one of my favorite bartenders from Cure, was tapped to become the head honco, so I was excited to check it out as soon as possible. 
Let me also mention that they have a full kitchen. The hummus was stellar, and I will definitely be back to try more of their offerings. I noted a large selection of vegetarian options, as well as rice/peas/sausage, and other Caribbean dishes. 
Their drink menu does feature rum, but there are also gin and whiskey drinks, so fear not, rum haters! There is also the exciting/adorable option of having your drink in a pineapple, for only $5 more. I had the Colada drink, and instantly regretted on passing up the pineapple. 
I can't wait to go back and update this review, as there are SO many more drinks for me to try!Fabs (fabulous Abby) and I came here for some after work happy hour madness as a pre game to our wine tasting later tonight. It was a little hard to find on Decateur- there's no hanging sign outside, but a sign is on Le door. 
We were greeted by a really really friendly guy and all I have to say is pineapples! There are pineapples everywhere- even one next to a portrait of a Captain surrounded by melting wax.
I got the Monkey Gland- Gin, Orange, Raspberry. What's not to love about gin. It tasted more yummy rather than alchemy strong. C&T cold and tasty. 
She got the Mexican Firing Squad (Tequilla, Lime, St. Ago, Grenadine). 
Both drinks are more sipping and less gulping. If anything, you should come here for the legit naming of drinks.Slipped through the door off busy Decatur
Street and experienced the charming ambiance of Cane and Table. Expertly crafted cocktails and delicious food. Started with fried pork skins and the fried pickled
Plate. Then shared the chicken vindaloo and cauliflower paella. Both were delicious. Even better was the side of fried corn with Cajun mayo!After an unsuccessful attempt to get into Sylvain on a Friday night (chuckle chuckle), our group headed over to Cane and Table.  
I really loved the atmosphere...dark, exposed brick and wood...just all around cool.
The service was fine.  It didn't stand out to me as being great, but it didn't strike me as bad either.
The cocktail menu seemed to be pretty extensive.  Cocktail prices fell in the $10-$13 range.  I wasn't in the mood for a cocktail and settled on a NOLA Blonde for $5.
I was disappointed to see that the menu is pretty limited.  I was wanting to have a good selection for dinner, but it felt more like a small bar food menu.  But the big stand out about the menu?  The prices.  They were very high.  It blew my mind to see that a small plate of ribs, that were on the SMALL plates part of the menu, was priced at $17!  No, you didn't read that wrong.  SEVENTEEN DOLLARS!  Someone in our group ordered them, and they were pretty tasty, but the price just isn't justified.
We ordered a bunch of other dishes that we all shared.  
Puffed Pork Skins:  Good, but nothing to rave about.  
Three Pea Hummus:  Good.  It had a really unique smoky flavor.  I thought it was over priced at $7 for how tiny the serving was.
Peas and Rice with Andouille:  I thought this was pretty darn tasty, but again thought it was overpriced for the size.
Steamed Greens:  These had ZERO flavor.  
Beans and Rice:  I thought these had great flavor, but they were way too salty. Again...overpriced for what it was.
Whole Fish:  While it was cooked right, I found it to be pretty bland.  That was priced at $28.
Other crazy prices...
$20 for chicken thighs
$30 pork loin
Had the prices been more in line for what is being served and for the portion sizes, I might've come away feeling better about C&T, as some things that I ate were tasty...but due to the bad value, and the tons of other options, I don't see myself returning.Currently sitting in the restaurant writing this review... let's start with- amazeballs. 
We stumbled upon this place after it was recommended by the hostess at another place who couldn't seat our party of 8. I've got to just give a giant shout out to this gal cause holy eff, this place is great. High five biatch. 
Stay away from-
*the fried artichokes- sadly they were WAY too salty. If they hadn't been so salty they would have been delish. 
*the puffed pork- glorified pork rhines. Good but not worth $11. 
*curried spinach- I'm Indian, I love curry... this was 'too' curried
EAT:
Crispy Rum Ribs- mothafuckin delicious. We got a plate, let the rest of our table try a bite, every other couple ordered a plate, cause we have great taste obvi. 
Miso Shrimp- delectable ramen style meal, plate was cleared. 
Pork Belly- "I've never had pork belly, but I want this in and around my mouth hole erryday". 
Coulette Steak- This bad boy was bleeding on my plate still, holy fucking amazing steak batman. 
Yukon Potato Purée- aka fancy mashed potatoes, fucking melt in your mouth delicious. 
Amazing place, fantastic service. We wanted a fab dinner for our last night... Cane and Table more than delivered. GO HERE.Cane and Table is a tasty addition that breaks the mold of the French Quarter food scene. 
My friends and I met  there for dinner and sat in the beautiful courtyard that made it seem like we were in Havana or San Juan instead of the FQ. 
Since we were a group we decided to share several of the small plates. Our favorites were the Brussels sprouts, avocado salad, grill octopus and the the amazing crispy rum ribs. The only disappointing plate was the corn meal spoonbread that just lacked execution. 
If you're in the FQ and need a break from ALL the creole/Cajun cooking stop by Cane and Table you won't regret it!Love this place! Affable, smiling owner. Long roomy bar w/comfortable chairs. Beautiful drinks. All in all, a can't miss formula for a great stop during our semi-annual Nola bar crawl.
Nick the owner greets us with a big smile when we walk in. He's such a pleasant guy, we just put ourselves in his hands, saying "bartender's choice" when he asks us what we'd like to drink. 
My savory and deliciously refreshing drink has a wonderful flavor that still haunts me a week later. My companions all rave about their choices as well. We also ordered pork skins and grilled octopus. Delicious. Delightful. Fun. Friendly. 
I have no idea what was in the drink I was served. Neither do any of the other folks in our group know.  But we definitely plan to go have another round or two when we go back to Nola this fall. We all agree: this place rocks!Matt Young is the sexiest bartender in the whole goddamn world. Nobody daiq-attacks me like he does!This place is low key and very cool. It reminds me of New Orleans in the 1800s. The old fashioned whiskey sour was the best ever and the cangerjitos are the best thing I've tasted in a while.Amazing creative drinks. Ask the bartender for suggestions because some drinks may not be on the cocktail menu. The avocado salad is to die for!we came here during an awkward time... well after lunch and too early for dinner.  so they were only serving small plates.
we ordered:
peas n rice - the peas n rice small plate was not what we expected...  basically it looked like beans.  we were thinking... did we get the wrong order?  oh well because the beans were bomb!  so flavorful!
avocado salad - the avocado salad was refreshing! exactly what we needed for our crispy ribs and beans.
crispy rum ribs - last but absolutely not least, the real MVP--the deep-fried ribs. yep. deep-fried. ribs.  fell off the bone.  great sauce that smacks you in the face.  everything i wanted these to be.
ambience:  we sat in the courtyard area.  super cute spot especially on a warm day.  bar is chic.  dark woods, distressed walls with some exposed brick and emerald-green accents.  we dig it.
service:  service with a smile is always a good sign.
overall:  ribs were spectacular!  no, this place is not the cheapest but well worth it in my opinion.  some people will have a heart attack when they read $17 for 6 baby ribs... but trust me, they are a must try. get ready for some mind explosion.The place is really cool inside and I thought it would be a great brunch spot.  Their drinks are small, so the bottomless is the way to go.  The food was just ok.  I got the pork hash and it was good, but I had to add a good amount of hot sauce to give it some flavor.  Another person in our group got the dish with the eggs and chorizo and the chorizo had a weird taste to it.  Overall, the food was just so-so and the drinks were small for the price (unless you do bottomless).  They also do not split checks - so watch that if you have multiple paying in a party.What a bummer. Came here alone on a quiet night, quiet except for a super loud and sexist bro type bragging endlessly about how many women he's f**ked, in that language. Sitting at the bar a few seats down, as a sole female, I felt incredibly uncomfortable, and when I pointed this out to one of the staff, he told me 'shhhh'. I was hoping he might have asked this caveman to tone it down, not shush me. The staff were chatting with this guy,  and with each other, and pretty much ignoring me even though the place was pretty much empty. My cocktail was good, and the ribs were ok, the greens were way too vinegary.  But i felt  disregarded and disrespected, and for that reason, I won't ever be coming back.The Crispy Rum Ribs are freakin' awesome! ! Skins crispy and meat so juicy mmmmm and then the sauce over the top ... finger lickin' good!Fantastic food. The ribs were to die for. Very unique. Also had a bunch of sides and everything was delicious, including the drinksCompared to the reviews in magazines, the food wasn't as good as expected. It was authentic and different, which also meant might not just be my taste. But the biggest disappointment was a server named Jake. He kept telling some of the patrons at the table over how bad Louisiana was and the people I was with got so mad they ended up having to say something. We loved our waitress and the bartender was great, but he's a bad egg.I sure wish that we had been able to spend more time here, but the first time we tried to visit, they were closed unexpectedly. But then the next morning there were a couple of hours between when we had to check out of the hotel and when we had to leave for the airport...so...one last drink!
I'm really glad that we made the effort--this is just a gorgeous bar. I mean...they have food and all, too, but that's not what we were there for. I had the Boss Colada, the most lovely sno-cone ever. While I was sipping on that icy glass of tropical bliss, I was lucky enough to watch the bartender make the daily punch. Let me just say that I never knew that much alcohol could fit into a bowl...it was beautiful to behold. OK...so ONE more drink! Let's just say that after that I slept really well on the flight home.
Next time we make it back to New Orleans, we may have to start here and make sure we get to appreciate everything they have to offer here, but even if you only have time for one (two) drink, it's definitely worth the stop.Popped in for a cocktail and a snack and had my mind blown. After taking a glance at the cocktail menu and realizing I'd probably be happy with anything on the list I asked the waitress to pick her fave. Along with a refreshing light cocktail she also planted some puffed pork skins and black bean hummus on our table. Wow. Absolutely delicious! The pork skins were light and perfectly seasoned (brought to the table still crackling) and the hummus was flavorful and filling. With an extensive rum selection and yummy nosh, this place should definitely be on your to-eat list!Oh, cocktails. 
They do some of their own spiced rums here. 
We worked through a number of small plates here. Squid. Tasty kale salad (it's huge). Another dish. Hoecake? Avocado salad? I can't recall. Get the non-benets benet dessert. 
You can't expect me to go on a cocktail crawl and remember all the dishes I ate, do you? 
Trinidad Green Swizzle. Fascinating. 
Get a swizzle. 
Really lovely staff. Not much of a sign on the outside so your average wooo-hooo tourists walk on by.Amazing drinks and fantastic food, but rude and snobby servers and bartenders that left the most horrible taste in two kind and smiling tourists mouths.Really good drinks at very reasonable prices!
It wasn't super crowded which I really like... 
The server took really good care of us, and recommended good drink selections.
They played awesome drinking music, which enhanced the experience! :)Great space, interesting takes on classic cocktailsWe received a nice Twitter recommendation while looking for great cocktails in the city and braved the rain to end up having a lovely time here!
I got Voyage of the Maru to start,  which was a lovely citrus /berry poured over a sparkling wine, while the boy got a Screaming Howler which he described as a 'Mighty' Manhatten.
To start, we devoured the melt-in-your-mouth spoon bread, and shared the large daily fish platter with two sides.
We dined on a bone-in red fish with salsa verde topping and our server gracefully deboned at our table.  While we didn't finish it all, we made a good effort and head back to our hotel stuffed and happy.Super disappointing dinner there tonight. Made a 7pm reservation for two. Not necessary - there were only two other tables there. We were seated in the back courtyard, the walkway between the front and back. Next to the bathrooms. Sweet!
Our server was Johnny B., a morose and mumbly waiter with no enthusiasm at all. Hubby ordered a Jack and coke, but they don't have Jack. Instead of offering something comparable, he passed over the menu and said there was a list inside of other options. Thanks! I got a tiny, delicious cocktail. The redhead, bearded bartender seemed to be the only friendly person there, greeting us on the way through.
We ordered the fried ribs, duck tostados, suckling pig, brussels sprouts and duck fried rice. The veggies were awesome.  I had a problem with the ribs. When you cover them with fried coating, people can't see that you've left the knuckles on them. We were pulling bits out of our mouth. Same with the duck. We pulled inedible bits out of our mouths. Good god.
But maybe the worst part was the mosquitos. We were bitten up until i asked for either bug spray or a cintronella candle. Our waiter wordlessly brought over a can and plopped it down. No apology. No offer to move us. I was speechless when i got up to be sprayed down in the middle of my meal. It's clearly an issue they're not adequately addressing.
Average food, poor service and average ambiance  (the front room looked awesome but was warm early on) for $100. Ouch.The cocktails are good, the food menu is limited but good, decor is nice, and it's usually not too crowded.  The focus is clearly cocktails and the setup is more like a bar than a restaurant but it will be tough to go wrong with anything - the cocktails constantly change so it won't do me any good to describe them but on multiple visits we really enjoyed the food including ribs, ceviche, avocado salad, an excellent salad with grilled pineapple, etc.  Great place in the Quarter, and the food is much better than sister establishment Cure which is uptown on Freret.Enjoyed a great dinner at Cane & Table last night.  The interior is beautiful with its marble bar and exposed walls and floor.  Door greeting and service was perfect. For cocktails, I particularly loved the Last Island, made with Rhum Agricole; the perfect summer drink, it finishes clean and dry, yet is full of flavor.  The Boss Colada (as fun to drink as it sounds), the Improved Bombo (for true rum aficionados) and the Bricktop (super complex in taste!) were all equally interesting and tasty.  As well thought out and as perfect as the cocktail choices are, the food competes for the main attraction.  For small plates, the ribs are a must have.  We were anxious to sample the cangrejitos (crab rangoons) but our waiter, who was wonderful nonetheless, forgot to order these for us (always next time!) For large plates, the market fish of the day, snowy grouper, was excellent with our choice of  sides of tostones and the corn on the cob, the latter being as decadent as corn on the cob gets; the ropa is rich with its wonderful, cooked down, stewy warmth and was plated with melted tomatoes and peas n rice. So much attention to detail for what is a very comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.  The French Quarter has its share of dives where you can feel seedy and dirty when that's what you want, but as a local who lives 8 blocks away, It's nice to have a place like Cane where you can feel like you're in New Orleans but experience a higher level of bartending and cooking.  Yet another great concept from the Cure team.  Keep it coming guys.YUM.
Ended up here almost by accident, following the cocktail recommendations in a Southwest Airlines article, and ended up having absolutely sublime food, as well as tasty cocktails! The crispy ribs appetizer was my favorite - as in, the best ribs I've ever had - but all the other food was excellent too, the servers were friendly and very helpful, and I love the room and ambience. A high point in NoLa dining for me, and I've visited often. C&T still feels rather undiscovered, which I suspect will be over soon. The night we were there, it was near full but without a wait for a table, while people were lined up for the highly-discovered Coop's Place next door. I urged several people in line to go to C&T instead on my (very satisfied) way out. 
The way I know I was really impressed: I keep thinking about and savoring the meal and experience now that I'm home.Love this place. The bartenders are awesome (Matt is the best), the food is different and delicious (hello, when else would I order cooked tomatoes or fried yams with my cocktail??), and the location is wonderful.Pretty good place.  The vibe inside is soft lighting, vintage walls, marble bar tops.  The drinks menu is inventive and the service was really good. The food was pretty solid too.  THe location is off a busy street so the energy inside isn't as mellow - but if you go out back it looks really great.  An open courtyard.  Good stuff.Not that good! Jerked chicken had zero jerked flavor and the crispy potatoes were not crispy and scarce! Had to send the cod fish cakes back, they were awful!!! Very disappointed, slow service.This restaurant is easily overlooked due to it's location but it's honestly one of the closest places you'll get to local. They provide you with fresh and locally sourced ingredients alongside amazing hand crafted and unique cocktails. The Ceviche is where it's at!We happened upon this place following a recommendation from a vendor in the French Market. The vibe is a little hipster but the patrons come from all sorts. We took advantage of Happy Hour (a great value here) no ordered a couple drinks and the pupu platter. Drinks were refreshing, not overly sweet, and well balanced - I had the Blue Hawaii and my husband had an Easter sour. The pupu platter was great - a range of flavors, shareable and perfectly filling. If your not doing the whole platter my two favorites were the pimento cheese and the fresh puffed pork skins.This place is awesome, you should try it asap. I went to their sister spot bellocq a couple of years back and was bummed to hear it closed. I found this through some research. Did not disappoint, the flor de Jamaica was a great cocktail.Went here for my fiance's birthday at his request. The drinks were great the service was not. Our female server seemed less than enthused to be serving us even though we were one of the few tables in the place.
With the amazing reviews that this place received and was listed as a best new restaurant my expectations were high but what I received was subpar. The appetizers were great but my meal was less than great. Bland and tasteless is one way to describe it.
 My fiance and my drinks sat empty and was never asked if we wanted another drink. The bottle of water we received for the table was also lukewarm and far from thirst quenching.
If you are looking for artisan cocktails come here. There is better food and better service in other places around New Orleans.Hands down.  my favorite place in NOLA. I'm a vegan, was able to eat incredible food alongside my non-vegan friend. The staff were outstanding, friendly, knowledgeable and super helpful. We went twice in one weekend! I literally loved everything about this place. I highly recommend the avocado toast - mine sans egg ;) and the cauliflower curry. Drinks are old school & well thought out. The outside patio is also charming and comfy for those non blustery Nola days and nights. I seriously would go back again and again!We stopped in on our last day in NOLA for a drink. We had heard about this place form our Food Tour Guide. It did not disappoint. The staff was friendly and the drinks were amazing. I had the Blue Hawaii, which was very refreshing and my friend had the house punch, which was amazing! They offer a nice happy hour with $6.50 drinks and a small menu of appetizers. We didn't eat any of the food but it all looked good.Great cocktail spot. Go here to be thoroughly impressed by their mixologists. After a few days of crappy too-sweet drinks, this place is a hidden gem among the less-than-stellar establishments on Boubon Street.A beautiful classic style restaurant with a Caribbean vibe capturing the old school feel of a 1920s speakeasy Cane and Table is a wonderful respite in the French Quarter that is utterly unique in a city full of uniqueness. 
Their cocktail menu is extensive and the care that goes into each drink is taken with care. I love the Mexican Firing Squad and Eastern Sour. 
The service is wonderful from the kind bartenders to the very professional and helpful hostess Liz. 
I have come here three times now and each time it has been great. Also try the hummus the Yucca chips are divine.We booked the private upstairs room for our anniversary party and worked with C&T's Leila to organize our event. She was awesome - calm, organized and totally committed to making sure we had a great evening. All of our guests raved about the space, the incredible cocktails ('best moscow mule EVER!') and most importantly, THE FOOD! The spread was so delicious - each and every dish. The corn dish and the ribs in particular were out of this world. And there was so much to go around! They put out to-go containers for everyone to take home leftovers. The upstairs room has an old balcony with not a large capacity but still awesome to have the windows open and some guests able to enjoy the evening air, over Decatur. I highly recommend Cane & Table for private functions.Came here with a large group while visiting Nola. We ordered the kale salad, crispy ribs, chow mein, brussel sprouts and some cocktails - the food was amazing! Highly recommend ordering the ribs if you can. Loved the overall ambiance of this place, the low lighting makes it so romantic. It's a bit cramped in the restaurant itself but they had a nice outdoor back patio area. Unfortunately, they couldn't accommodate our large group to one table so we had to split into two tables. That being said, I wouldn't recommend coming here if you've got a larger group but this would be the perfect date spot!Had been looking forward to checking it out, but clearly I hadn't been missing much.
Came to meet friends and were informed that if we sat with them, the entire group would have to order a $45 prix fixe menu.  They weren't crowded but still weren't willing to help us find a solution that let us all hang out without everyone ordering food.
My (more forgiving) friends got drinks at the bar and we didn't get to spend time with the friends that were eating at all.
Love both cure and bellocq, and enjoyed all the Pravda / perestroika incarnations at this location, so pretty disappointing.Some of the best food and cocktails in New orleans. So classy and beautiful inside. Perfect for an intimate dinner or eating with a group of friends. Try and save room for every section of their menu including dessert. You don't want to miss any bit of it.Came here for lunch. The service was wonderful. I had a small cup of gumbo with a side salad. Very refreshing and light, which is nice to not have a heavy lunch when you want to keep walking around the French QuarterI want their recipe to recreate their Daily Punch with 151 Rum. That drink was so good. It was the first alcoholic cocktail I've had in so long where I didn't feel like gagging while it went halfway down. The food was also excellent, if a bit overpriced for brunch options. But that Daily Punch really hit the spot. I should have asked the waitress to get me that recipe.From the cure company.  On point craft cocktails.  Really good Mexican food.  Date night perfection.As good as my first visit was to Cane and Table, I guess I was disappointed when I returned with a group of 11 people and was given a list of rules which eventually made us leave and choose another place.  
Clearly Cane and Table doesn't need any business for on this night, I was told the following things:
Cannot combine tables on the patio (okay we said, we'll sit at two different tables) Next hurdle?
Cannot sit until entire patio has arrived (okay, just sit the people who are here and the other people can fend for themselves as they will be at another table)  Next hurdle?
Cannot sit at all unless you are ordering food (Really?  I was just there a few nights ago at the same late hour of 11pm and I was able to sit on the patio and just have drinks)  Since we had just come from dinner this was the straw that broke the camel's back and we took our business elsewhere.
Too bad Cane and Table.  Your rules cost you my business tonight and in the future.  But I guess you don't need my business anyway.rioja wine and rum ribs, they're pricey but its a big serving a well worth it...how can you turn something down someone spent 3 days to make?!My husband has been wanting to come here for a while. Worth the "search". No sign to keep the drunk cheesy tourists out. 
Love the ambiance. My husband hated the music. He hates house music and felt like they should be playing Cuban or Spanish kind of music to fit with the theme. I like the music. It fit with the ambiance of the place but it would be kind of cool to have flamenco guitarist play on the back patio/courtyard area which needs to be a little darker. Seems like it's all the kitchen area til u walk back there. 
Our drinks were good. I was on call so had mock tails they concocted for me. One piña colada on the rocks served in a pineapple and another ginger mint drink that was phenomenal. Sucked I got charged $10 for non alcoholic drink. The most expensice fruit juice drink I've had. Was really good but was surprised our waitress charged us so much when the other cocktails made with top shelf liquor costs $1 more. Either way craft cocktail place so that's what I get. I really think it was more the waitresses choice then the restaurant. 
My husband got the bombino. Very strong. Which he should have known looking at what was in it. But my expensive mock tails were awesome. Plenty of other drinks to try next time
Tried the ribs and my hub and can't stop talking about them. Even this morning. I also loved the Tostones. Best I've ever had blight and crunch and comes with a great dipping sauce. Also tried the cangrejitos. Good and ill order again but the other two were awesome. Looking forward to trying out the whole menu  
Will definitely be back with friends and recommending to everyone. Just make sure u order the cocktail. Or ask them to make a mocktail add gin so you won't feel jipped (again sure it's waitress dependent). We loved it and can't wait Togo backWalked in around 11:30am on Sunday and easily grabbed seats at the bar. I ordered the house punch, my husband ordered the banana Manhattan. This place delivers on their cocktails. Some of the best we had during our 4 day stay in New Orleans. They offer a $45/pp all-you-can-drink-in-2-hours brunch, but we were planning to eat at Coop's next door, so we stuck with drinks and ordered the puffed pigs skins with cane syrup. If we had more time, I'd make it a point to come back and try their food options. Solid experience, great ambiance, friendly staff. Definitely recommend!Delightful little spot. Perfectly appropriate staff knew when to stop by and when to let us chat. Cocktails very well considered and delish. I can't find the one we enjoyed on the menu but it was a nice blend of rum and a hint of fruit and sparkling water. The black eyed pea hummus was good. My favorite was the ropa vieja. Exquisite. Well seasoned, pieces fell apart in the mouth and the rice. Not sure how it was prepared but it was great. The tres leche pound cake was generous, not too sweet and well 'soaked' but not soggy. Highly recommend!We lucked out and came in early for a drink and a bite, and even though it was raining outside there were few others at the bar / seated. 
Thoroughly enjoyed our drinks, this place had the best daquiri I've had to date (Gene's is also good)-- here their riff is called a Presidents Residence.When I'm feeling really bourgeoisie, I like to get myself a beer and a shot while being glanced by customers with such poise and such shit stained eyes. It's like I almost killed their 2 month year old puppy. (I do have dead eyes, so you'd think I'd do that but I wouldn't) 
When I'm done with that, I order one of the many cocktails that kind of all start blending together anyway- cause, the truth is, I drink too much and that's not your fault; it's mine.
In conclusion, I never feel that cool in there. The staff is really nice. I don't like your patrons. 
This is the worst paragraph structure and idk how sorry I am about it. Oops.This is one spot I was thrilled to visit during my trip to NOLA. Elegant ambience sets a relaxing mood. The bartenders are knowledgeable about the craft cocktails they serve. And there is a plethera of craft cocktails to choose from!!! This is a definite must try spot for visiting vacationers!!!I asked for something sparkling, floral, with citrus and ginger and not too sweet. The bartender hit the mark! So nice to find a place that understands how to mix a non-alcoholic drink!!What outstanding restaurant! Molly our server was out standing!   Craft cocktails with a phenomenal menu!  Please try every appetizer!  Nawlins finest !Such an amazing meal! The yucca chips with the hummus Dip were a wonderful way to start. The mojo that accompanies the tostones is worthy of greatness. As a cuban I can't believe I'm saying this but those tostones were the best I've ever had! And the drink menu... Magical. I can't wait to come back to this place!! Oh and save room for the burnt caramel custard!!**This review is solely for the drinks. We did not eat here.
My friend and I were searching for a cocktail bar on a recent trip to NOLA and found this place listed somewhere online. It sounded right up our alley, so we decided to check it out after dinner one night. It appeared to have a mile-long line outside, but much to our delight, we discovered that was for Coop's next door, not our destination.
There was no wait at Cane and Table, so we sat at the bar. I ordered the Bronze, Beautified, "a delightful take on the gimlet, Hendrick's Gin with a touch
of Genepi and pineapple." That's the description from the menu, and it was very accurate. I'm a big fan of gimlets, so it was nice to try one with a bit of a twist. My friend got the Indian Summer, "tall and refreshing with pineapple, citrus, amari, and pot still rum, an Italian approach to tropical drinking." She said it was good. (I hate rum, so I didn't try it.) 
The atmosphere was relaxed but classy, and the place did not appear to be swarming with tourists, which was a welcome relief. (Yes, we were tourists ourselves, but sometimes you don't really want to be around a bunch of other tourists.) We liked it so much that we went back again the following night. That time, I ordered a Tom Collins (very good), and my friend had the bartender make her something with whiskey based on what she told him she liked. She said the result was superb.
I would certainly return here the next time I'm visiting.Nice, tucked away hipster spot. Great cocktails very unique to the area...very new York feel. Good food too.The best! The food,  the drinks, the prices, the decor... Ioved everything about this place. The first time we came here for happy hour and fell in love with the fried green plantains that came with a delicious chimichurri sauce.  That day we were looking for more of a light snack so we had the plantains with the brussel sprouts which were amazing.  We enjoyed our food so much that we came back a second time before leaving New Orleans and basically got everything vegetarian...no regrets! Cane and table did not disappoint.  We had the Jamaican peas and rice which were very well seasoned, also the smoked pimento cheese, and black hummus but the stand out for me was definitely the brussel sprouts.  We had several of the cocktails on the happy hour menu to and what I liked was that they had a wide variety of selections as opposed to a lot of happy hour menus that focus mostly on their offerings of rail drinks and house wines.  Cane and Table is also in a great location to kick off a night of fun in the French Quarter!  Despite having gone there twice I might be willing to go a third time should I find myself back in New Orleans!!My mouth was so happy. The crispy ribs and corn were to die for and they served fantastic cocktails. Don't overthink it... GO!!The ribs and Ropa Vieja were great. The only issue I had was they were out of a signature dish at 6pmWe made a quick stop here on our tour of the tiki bars. This is a lovely setting. The crispy rum ribs were outstanding - and I don't like ribs! We ordered the hummus and although I didn't really like it - the yucca chips with it were great and I would get them again. They have a large selection of drinks and specials. I ordered a Mai Tai  since that was what I had been drinking at two other tiki bars, and although it was good, of the three it was my least favorite.We went later on a Wednesday night... very chic/sophisticated French/Cubian feel to the décor.  Loved the lighting and feel of the room... next time we will try the courtyard seating.  I really appreciated that they shared the use local farmers and listed them on the menu.  Now to the wonderful food...our table had several items; the yard bird, crispy brussell sprouts, peas n/ rice and the main event... the crispy rum ribs.  TO DIE FOR!!!  I was a little worried about deep fried anything... but there were far from a deep fried food.  The were light, yet meaty and had a kick from the sauce.  Truly something I would include on my must stop and eat places.  The drinks menu look interesting and the staff were very helpful and pleasant.  The prices may seem a little high but well worth the food, ambiance and great staff.  You could easily share a couple small plates or appetizers.  Will definitely return!!!Was really looking forward to trying out this place.  Had heard good things and I knew that the owners were great at creating fun bars with excellent vibes,  but my same concerns with their other bars (except Cure...I just love it) exist here.  The place itself is beautiful.  Very detailed and has an old Cuba vibe to it.  As soon as I walked in I was excited about being there.  We sat at the bar.  
The drink menu was overwhelming.  There were just too many options to choose from and the options weren't cheap.  Most drinks were well over $10.  When we got our drinks, I wasn't impressed with the presentation.  I guess proto-tiki means they aren't going to go through the hassle of making a pretty tiki drink.  Also, as with another bar they run, the pour was weak.  There just wasn't enough in the drink itself and it was mostly ice.  At that price point, I just want more drink!
We were just checking it out and on our way to a parade, so we just tried the hummus and the grilled scallions.  The scallions were fine.  Nothing great but an unusual menu item so I was happy.  The hummus was not good.  It was dry and lacked bold flavors.  I want my hummus creamy.  The ribs are supposed to be good, but after seeing the size of our drinks, I was scared away by the price).  Nothing else in the menu really sparked my interest.  I really wanted to like it but I doubt I will be back.Four of us ordered 4 separate dishes and all of us raved about our choices. Since I'm writing the review, I'd say the Roasted Cauliflower with Coconut Rice was the best of the 4 dinners. But the person next to me would insist her  Ropa Viejo was the best. Yet the next diner claims the Prime Rib with Avocado & Chimichurri sauce was the best steak she ever had. So it's difficult to say - we were all extremely happy with our meals! We loved the decor -- unpainted brick, and classy touches. We'd return over and over if we lived here!Order the ribs. Strip them clean. Suck the marrow of life outta them. Then gulp down magical bottom-of-plate detritus.
And have a couple of cocktails -- the bartender works magic.Great bar with inventive cocktails, fine service and a gorgeous patio.  Small plates are fine and lots of vegetarian options.  I'd recommend it more for drinks and snacks than for dinner, but it's well priced and fun and distinctly non-touristy for the French Quarter.The Crispy Rib App was amazing - the rest was good (except for the scallops).  Drink concoctions excellent, try the Indian Summer.   Manager really friendly and helpful - waitress was frumpy & standoffish, which cost it the 5th star.  Great ambiance in the courtyard.  Not a stuffy pretentious place just good food.Food was interesting and generally good. The watermelon salad was over priced for 4 tiny crab claws as was the shrimp avocado. The rum ribs were good and creative. Fried artichoke was v good, we had ropa vieja was a 7, would be nice if they offered a maduro vs the to stones. Note, for me the tostones were thin and tasty. I had the grilled octopus which was shared and enjoyed by all. The enoki with pork belly was interesting and a surprise as the mushrooms were served cold, which was a good choice. The pork belly was tasty too. The vindaloo chicken was pretty basic but have good flavor. The miso broccoli was an interesting twist and worth checking out.  The bar, drink menu and wine list were way  too snooty.  My buddy and I drink a fair amount of wine and the list was virtually unrecognizable   Tried to order a basic dewars and water and was almost laughed at. The servers were not knowledgeable on the wines or spirits. The desserts were ok, offered a few extras, lagniappe as we say in NOLA.  The biggest draw back was the noise level. VERY hard to hear the waiter and forget dinner conversation, esp for a party of 6.Our bartender was an expert in the craft of the cocktail. I drink in every city I attend and this was a pleasure. Go here.Came here Saturday night during the parade.   The restaurant is beautiful.    Even the cocktail was pretty.     The ceviche was the real stand out for us.  We also tried the mofongo and the ropa vieja.    The food was very tasteful, however, my only complaint was the small portion of rice.   Latin people like a lot of rice with the meal.   
Our server was a complete rock star.   I do not remember her name, but tall, blond and probably the reason we would come back.    It's hard to nail service the way she did on a crazy parade night.We nearly passed this place walking by because the door is unobtrusive. I actually went her twice in my 5 days in New Orleans. What a terrific place for a cocktail or bite to eat! The beans and rice are terrific, and the bartenders are inventive.Family style pre set menu type of place. I usually don't like places like this cuz I want to see what order but oh I was wrong. This was probably my favorite place to eat while we were in NOLA. We sat outside on a big picnic style bench under w big umbrella and cute outside lights. 
Our pre set menu had ribs which were so good. I never had breaded ribs like this. Fried pork rinds with a curry powder which I loved and these yucco type chips with beans. All of that was good!! 
For our main meal we had this delicious chicken, rice with white beans and corn. Omg I loved everything about this dish. The flavors were so good!!!
We also had a kale salad. I'm not a fan of kale. I could have went without this. For dessert we had these fried hush puppy type things where we can dip it in an almond dipping sauce. Another thing I could have done without. 
I ordered three shots of tequila while everyone else had there signature punches. I could do without these as well that's why I ordered the tequila. 
The service was great. Kristine and Johnny helped us and were very nice! 
I would def come back here if I ever come back to NOLA. 
There were a rotate of 13 of us and we ended up spending $85 each and that included tip.I had a memorable time at Cane & Table, which is saying a lot considering how much I drank during and after my visit there.  We went on a weeknight and it was not crowded at all.  It has an Old World, romantic look but a sophistication rarely encountered in the French Quarter. We both had cocktails, mine a finger of dark brown something or other in a rocks glass, his in a large ceramic whale with a straw (the Indian Summer).  I can't remember the name of my drink, but it was supposed to be piney and manly.  It tasted a little like root beer, but it was okay.  I actually preferred the contents of the whale. (I think the cocktail menu is a bit heavy on the medicinal Italian digestifs at present.) However, for round two I decided to order a classic Sazerac (not the $22 one with the small batch double rye) and it was one of the best I've had.
To eat, we started with the smoky bean hummus with yucca chips.  It was great and definitely a highlight.  I also had an avocado salad with watercress and blistered shisito peppers, which was amazing.  The brussels sprouts were also a hit with our table. The portions on the small plates are indeed small, so definitely order more than one if you're trying to get a meal.  
In summation, this is a great spot for a date or celebratory occasion.  (It's casual, so I say this purely because it's on the spendier end of the spectrum.)  It was too cold for the courtyard, but it looked lovely.  I would definitely return.The Pork ribs were great! Succulent filled with a perfect balance of flavors. Loved the saffron rice in the chicken portion. Must try joint! With great craft cocktails. Must try Cane and Table on your way discovering New Orleans's bar scene.I wish I could remember the name of the bar tender we had, he was so awesome!!! We had some of the lost delicious drinks during our vacation at this place. Took a gamble on what we ordered every time and it was well worth it. We broke $100 on our bar tab on just drinks, but it was worth it! Would recommend this spot to any craft cocktail lover.we were so excited to try Cain and table after seeing Andrew Zimmer here, but left so disappointed.  It was like pulling teeth to get the waitress to explain a few things on the menu, it's not a typical menu.  my husband ordered the hanger steak and it was so salty just terrible, I got the fried ribs which were very tasty but I felt over priced for 5 small ribs with very little meat on them. the best part of the dinner were the mashed potatoes.  all in all very over priced for what you get and rude wait staff, we will not be going back.Food's great and the drinks are better. And it feels less stuffy than its sister Cure.Great service and atmosphere! Loved the Mexican Firing Squad and the Hummus and Yuca Platter for Happy HourMy sister and I went to this bar over the Easter weekend and had a great time. So much that we went back for a second round. We went their first on a Thursday night and sat at the bar. The female bartender who was stationed at the end farthest from the Decatur street door was great. I sort of fell in love with Cane and Table's take on the Hurricane. We came back Saturday night and sat in the courtyard in the back. Again a great experience. We ordered food this time which was delicious. The crispy rum ribs defy explanation. Also I strongly suggest ordering a Zombie. I didn't have the Yolo-Tiki one as I probably would not have been able to walk out of the door but I had the next best kind. It came in this crazy tiki glass which I wish I could have taken home. All in all, I strongly suggest going to Cane and Table should you want a more discerning rum bar experience.Couzy atmosphere with nice outdoor area. Chose a planteur's punch - among the best I ever had! Scott great bartender - costumized  cocktails on our taste and did an amazing job. Great selection of rhum - spotted a Neisson.This is one of my favorite bars in the city. When I die, if you could scatter my ashes under the tiles, that would be great. The drinks here are always outstanding, and the service is always friendly and impeccable. (I've never eaten here but the food smells good and looks amazing.) I often leave inspired about how I make my drinks at home (which is not an easy feat)--and I still dream about a drink I had for a special Tales menu they did two years ago.Went here twice. We know one of the bartenders, so we originally went there for drinks. 
For our first visit, we sat at the bar. They are not exactly a Tiki-Bar, but they do specialize in Tiki Style drinks. We tried several of them. The ones on the menu have been developed by the people working there. You can also order more traditional drinks as they have a full bar with a broad selection. The servers are attentive, listen to what you want, and will craft a drink based on what you say you like.
On our second visit, we had brunch. There were five of us for this meal and we had a nice seat next to a window overlooking the street. I ordered something called "Enfriolatas", which is made with a Corn Tortilla, Chipotle Black Bean Sauce, and Chopped Egg. Mix it all together, add some Louisiana hot sauce and it was a treat. Others at the table all ordered different things and the verdict was the same.
Service is outstanding; the food was very good; the drinks were great. And, unlike many other bars in the Quarter, the bathrooms are clean. Believe me, that makes a big difference.This is hands down the best place for drinks in New Orleans! The hand crafted cocktails were delicious. We came back 3 out of the 5 days we were here. The bartenders will make you a drink to your liking. The yucca chips with hummus are the perfect pairing with your drinks. Once you go to Cane and Table, no other place will compare. Come here first because I know you will want to come back.First impression - loved the atmosphere. A little noisy in the front dining room/bar, so we asked to be seated in the courtyard. Almost felt like a different country in a different time. I know, New Orleans can be that way but this was just... different.
We ordered a bunch of sides & small plates, which really aren't that small so be warned. The standouts were the brussels sprouts, the LA. fried plate, and the curried jerk chicharrones. The other dishes we had seemed to be a little heavy on acidic flavors. Very well prepared and not bad, but a tad overwhelming. The one cocktail we shared was delicious, and I think we'll be back to whet our whistles and perhaps try those ribs, which were 86'd when we went.
PS - they have some nice big canopied tables in the back of the courtyard, so it would be great for a largeish group for a snack and a sip.My husband and I were visiting NOLA for our 30th Anniversary, visiting some family and taking in some of the newer establishments close to where we were staying in the French Quarter.  Cane and Table is a safe distanct away from the nighttime Bourbon St. sh*tshow and a classy place for cocktails and/or really good food.  The place was packed so we took seats at the bar, had our dinner there.  Started off with some really exquisite cocktails, then had ahi tuna rolls that were absolutely delicious.  I then ordered the whole fish which came with choice of two sides (forgot what my husband had!) but it was all really good.  I would post a pic of the 1.5 lb fish but only took one of the cleaned skeleton remaining on my plate.  It was that good!  Service was spot on and the ambience is really cool-elegant and lively.  I don't expect we'll make another thip to New Orleans without having dinner here again.As quoted by our waitress... "You must order the ribs.... they are stupid good" and they were fricken amazing and on point!!!! I absolutely loved hen and felt as though they were the best I have ever had!!! Also the fish was cooked to perfection! And for an appetizer we had the Mofongo which was fantabulous! One of the best places I have ever eaten at by far!Great food! We had the fried chicken, the put limon potato chips in the batter. Good heavens.We heard about this place and tried it. Wow, it was great. We had lots of the small plates and loved the cucumber salad, Brussel sprouts, shrimp, but the king of the menu is the crispy ribs. Service was great too. Definitely try this place if in New OrleansFrench Quarter's hidden treasure - this place has been open since 2013, and is still very much under the radar. Walking down Decatur, it's easy to overlook, and we did pass it by few times, without noticing. We were lucky enough to have local friends recommend it.
The ambiance is similar to the Napoleon House, but even more stripped down, and the bar is much larger. In fact, out of all the bars in the Quarter, and we've visited many, I liked this one best. It's roomy, classy, and while the mixologists may not have as many years of experience as, say, the French 75 staff, they are still quite competent. The food was also top notch - especially the small-plate sides (fried plantains, and almost Japanese-quality pickles) .Came here for brunch with a small group and was pretty disappointed with the service. The food was alright and the cocktails were great, but our server didn't even attempt to take our food order for the first 45 minutes we sat there and drinks took about 15 minutes to come out (even beer/wine). The waitress never asked us if we wanted refills or offered and we would have to flag her down to ask, which seemed to make her ignore us all the more. We came here to do the "bottomless cocktail" deal, but quickly discovered that it was no deal at all since getting a refill was borderline impossible (no one was able to order more than 2 drinks in the course of 2 hours). Had the service been better, I think I could recommend this place as the food was decent and the cocktails very good. However, since we couldn't even really get any of this promptly, I would not recommend it to fellow "brunchers." I assume this place really just thrives on the tourist industry as it does not live up to the hospitality standards typical of New Orleans.The ribs the ribs the ribs the ribs. The drinks. The atmosphere. The courtyard. The sheer balls of this place. Crude, I know. True nonetheless.Food was awesome and the bottomless drinks were perfect for a large group looking for a boozy brunch!Extremely disappointed in visit to C&T. Had very high expectations after visiting Cure Bar the day before. The good food and drinks didn't make up for the complete lack of service at the bar where we sat.  The bar back was the only attentive person. The bar was full but not crazy busy being a Sunday night. However both bartenders, but especially ours couldn't be bothered to acknowledge us or ever ask if we needed anything EVER while they kept restocking their service areas or chit chatty with the other staff members.   We had to ask for everything. As soon as we were done eating,  we high tailed it over to  Latitude 29 where they appreciated our business.This is my new favorite place. The cocktails are incredible.. never get rid of the scotch & coconut please... and the food is equally amazing. I would recommend this to anyone. It's seriously so goodHow is a restaurant out of so many things on a Monday night? You'd think the service would be outstanding to compensate for the shortcomings. Wrong! Never felt so much like a burden when I'm paying for a meal. Sad, as this used to be one of my New Orleans favorites. 
The short ribs were delicious.Dropped by for a quick round during happy hour and the drinks were very well made.  The chicarrones came as a huge portion and paired great with the libations.  A great bar in the French Quarter and one of the few less touristy destinations in that area actually worth going to.The decor and ambience is really nice but this has been the worst service I have ever had. Took 1 hour to receive a coffee because they ran out and their system was down. The food looks delicious but would never come back. Already have told people to never come here. I am writing this as I am sitting here after 90 min of waiting on my food. They don't have ketchup and cannot give an answer. The bartender when we asked for a coffee refused to serve us. Also, it's beg of December and their heater has no gas. They sat us outside without asking our preference and are not prepared. It is not busy enough for the delay in service. The staff is pleasant but I would never come back on principal.Visited Cane and Table to enjoy a cocktail before a show. The atmosphere is welcoming and there are several sitting options. There is bar sitting, inside table which you are encouraged to order food, and an outside patio. We sat indoor table and had tostones which were very good and breaded artichoke which I absolutely loved. I had the boss colada and it was so refreshing and and the presentation was fun. I recommend this bar/ restaurant when visiting New Orleans. I was there on Tuesday before 6. If you plan on going later, make reservations.I had the blue Hawaii, which was a bit like midori sour. It was pretty good! My friends got the monkey gland, which they enjoyed. For starters we got the avocado frites, which were so delicious!!!!! I think by far the best thing I've tasted in New Orleans. And their spicy mayo sauce to top it off was amazing. For the meal I got the chicken and veggies. It looked burnt, but the meat was so juicy and so good. The veggies were also good and so were the potato wedges! Our waitress was great. However when we were seated I dropped my utensils pretty loudly and there were two workers setting up our table- but they pretended like I didn't drop my utensils until I asked for a new set. Other than that- great food. It's also on the pricier side if you don't go during happy hour. During my trip here I spent the most on this restaurant.After reading all of the other reviews we were excited to try the cocktails. We arrived at 9:30pm for our reservation on a Friday night and the place was about 1/2 full. We began by sitting inside but once a table opened up in the courtyard our server offered it to us. Being a nice evening we moved. Overall the ambiance was "meh" in the courtyard. Edison lights were draped over the patio but there were multiple sections which were burned out. Not classy. I would recommend staying inside the restaurant. 
Our first server, while sitting inside was informative, helpful and very nice. While the waitress we had outside was put off by the task of having to serve us. She seemed genuinely annoyed that she had to bother with us at all. We had to flag her down on multiple occasions. Not my idea of service when paying $15 a cocktail. It is possible we were not hipster enough for her since no one in our party was wearing plaid, no member of our party identified themselves as "gender fluid" and our husbands lacked the prerequisite beard. I get my Kate Spade purse can be offensive.
Additionally, we thought a salty snack would be nice to enjoy with our drinks. Well the food we ordered was terrible. I don't throw that around lightly because I am a lover of all foods. But this fried cheese rope thing lacked flavor of any kind and the avocado dipping sauce was turning brown. It was a solid waste of $10. 
In the end with all of the options available in New Orleans skip this place. For real tiki cocktails with excellent service and food I would recommend Latitude 29.The atmosphere here is perfect, it's very authentic appearing inside.  The crowd is great, it's a good mix of younger and people.  It is very busy here, especially on Saturday evening when we went, but we were still able to find a seat at the bar and get our drinks somewhat quickly.
I would recommend the spruced up, it's a sipper similar to a Sezarac. The drinks were very well done.
This was our last stop on a short, three bar crawl in New Orleans, and it was definitely worth it to stop here.  It's in a great location near to everything. It's a little bit hard to find because it's a bit tucked in there.Some of the best cocktails in town. Nick is a superb cocktail chef!  Ambience is quintessential FQ. Fabulous courtyard. Must visit when in Nola!Let me start by saying that if this review were based solely on food, there'd be two more stars. It was delicious. However, the service was so upsetting...YES, UPSETTING, that even the food can't erase it from our minds. But, let's start on a high note. 
It all started out beautifully.  We were immediately taken with the atmosphere of this place. Warm. Inviting. Comfortable. Exposed brick walls and antique mirrors...our kinda place. 
They were out of the only Chardonnay on the menu? They were also out of their famed three pea hummus?  Hmmm. 
Our meals were truly wonderful. The ribs are to die for. Lightly seasoned and fried, tender and juicy, with a delicious chutney. The Ropa Vieja was delicious, albeit a TINY portion of meat that still has me baffled for $24???? But it was good. The tostones were yummy, perfectly salted and crisp!  The short rib was fall-off-the-bone tender and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The Brussel sprouts were crispy, and glazed in a tangy mayo that did not overwhelm the dish but added a creaminess to its crispy texture. These were so good, I would make a meal out of them alone! And that my friends is where the joy ends. 
The waitress was not to be seen after our order was placed. A runner dropped our meal. A runner asked how our meal was. A runner had to be flagged down for us to order a glass of wine. We sat.  And sat. The runner noticed and dropped dessert menus. We sat. And sat. Our waitress was preoccupied with a table of pretentious hipster punks giving her a bit of a run for her money. Ladies and gentlemen, there were only FOUR occupied tables at this time. ONLY FOUR, with her and a support staff. Her time complaining to her coworkers about her difficult table would have been better spent paying attention to her other tables!!! I was a waitress for years...if you can't handle FOUR tables, albeit one who is difficult, a waitress you should not be!  And since we were forced to witness this 'difficult table', we can safely say that they weren't even all that difficult!  
We flagged her down for our check. We told her how we felt. Told her we would have sat and had more wine. Maybe dessert. But she was absent. She proceeded to tell us about how she was busy taking care of problems. Sorry dear, not to be insensitive, but when we are paying a $100 check, your problems are not ours. 
Oh, and our check was wrong to boot. We sat a stupid amount of MORE time while they corrected that!  No apology. NADA!  
Time to grow up young lady.  And Cane and Table, your food is awesome, but the service experience was enough to keep us away. Not sure if it was an isolated experience, but it was bad enough that we'd be afraid to return to find out!So good. Every time. 
I've been here four or five times and it just keeps getting better. The food is wonderful, the drinks are great, the staff pays attention to detail. The menu has some small plate standards seasonally, but it's been different every time I've been there, which I like.  Highly recommend the spoon bread and the fried pickles. 
If you don't feel like waiting in the line for Coop's try Cane & Table instead.This place stands out from the rest of the spots in the area because it doesn't, i.e.,  it's dark, subdued, and there may or may not be a sign (I didn't see one). The space is sort of typical for a hipster-ish spot: exposed brick, candlelight, beards and tattoos... It was too cold to sit outside, but from the looks of it they have a nice courtyard. 
Our server was a little cold at first, but before long she warmed up to us and offered good suggestions--even drinks that she thought we'd like but that were no longer on the menu. We steered clear of the tiki-style drinks and stuck with variations on sours or old fashioneds--all delicious. The one with gin, coconut water, and nutmeg was my favourite.
The food was amazing. Not cheap, and not piles of it, but every bite was flavourful. My favourite were the sticky rum ribs, which were tender and crispy and topped with a delicious sweet spicy sauce, and the peas and rice are a close second. Since eating here I've been trying to reproduce this dish at home (because let's face it, I am not going to be deep frying slow-cooked ribs any time soon, as much as I'd like to eat it again). We also had the jerk chicken thighs which were good--not traditional, obviously, but a good, fancy version. Skillet greens were a delicious side. 
We were kind of on the fence about dessert, but our server recommended we try callas--an old fashioned New Orleans dessert with an interesting history.  They are little doughnuts made with (I think) a yeasted rice batter. These were out of this world--so much better than beignets, if you're looking for a sweet fried dough as part of your New Orleans experience. 
Overall, a really nice evening!I'm a rum enthusiast and I really wanted to love this place.  I've been a few times and I find the place just infuriating in so many ways that I'm just completely over it.
1.  First time we went, we ordered a whole fish that the server, on bringing to the table literally SHREDDED in front of us, trying to serve it.  It looked like she was trying to serve us pulled fish. 
2.  Their bizarre billing policy of not splitting up anything.  They have long shared tables outside.  I could sit next to a friend, never talk to them and we all order and get our own checks.  If they know you're there together, there is one single check.  They will not budge on this.
3.  Last time I went, I looked at two rums and asked the bar tender his opinion on two different rums.  He didn't know anything about either of them.  I thought this was a rum bar?
4.  Right after that, really as a test, my girlfriend ordered an El Floridita daiquiri.  We could see the Luxardo sitting on the shelf.  The bar tender never touched it and made what we both agreed was a fine daiquiri.  But it was not a Floridita.Cane and Table is upscale and sophisticated, but it's not pretentious. They focus on well-crafted cocktails (you won't be able to get a "grenade" or other silly things here) and expertly prepared food.  They have a small menu, but quality trumps quantity.  
I had two cocktails -- a classic sazerac and one off their menu called a Boss Colada. The bartender carefully measured each ingredient -- some may scoff at bartenders who measure, but it ensures a properly prepared drink. Both cocktails were excellent.  
I only had one thing to eat -- the Crispy Rum Ribs -- but they were among the best things I've ever eaten! Although they were listed with the "small plates", they were about six, generously sized pork ribs.  They were super tender and coated with sort of a tempura batter.  Each rib was then brushed with a papaya sombol glaze. All I can say is "wow" -- they were spectacular!
Cane and Table is certainly different from other places in the French Quarter.  They don't try to pump as much booze into you as possible, nor do they serve traditional New Orleans food.  However, Cane and Table offers great food and drink done their way.
By the way...I asked the bartender if they even offer a to-go cup and she told me they will put your drink in a hollowed out pineapple!Get the ribs.  You won't be disappointed!  It's a "small plate" item on the menu but I couldn't finish them.  We came here because of the show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" and they were dead on about how amazing they are.Really fun place for a bottomless brunch. It's a little pricey, but if you are looking to drink a lot you can thrive. 
The indoor and outdoor seating can accommodate large parties. We made our reservation the night before, but we changed the time that morning.
The music was a bit loud, but the setting is fun. There's a giant dripped wax candle and a fun painting of a sailor. The back courtyard is great in good weather. It's clearly a historic building. 
The food selection was small, which was actually great because it kept the decision easy. Everything on the menu looked great. The soft boiled eggs were done just right. There was a lot of flavor in each meal as well.I was in town with 6 girlfriends for a girls trip.. We sat outside and took advantage of the brunch bottomless drink special. Mimosas were delicious and the Huevos Rancheros was the best I have ever had! All of my friends loved their dishes as well! Definitely suggest this place!My former roommate showed me this trendy mixology/appetizer bar when his family visited nola 7 months ago. Being a 'local transplant' who frequents the French quarter, we passed it by while looking for this treasure on Decatur street...twice. Yeah, that's right. It's a hidden treasure. We had an amazing meal with amazing drinks. The only problem was I didn't remember the name of this place! My familiarity with the area did not help me find this place when I knew the name and address. Naturally, I thought it was a good "date place." Sadly, I could not look up the address because I couldn't remember the name of the spot. Fast forward to today: I took my good friend's offer to visit him at his job on Decatur. I still had to walk up and down the block to look for it but lo and behold, there it was! Cane and Table! As soon as I walked in I knew where I was. Looking back, I'm glad this treasure is hidden. You really have to know the area to find this place, unless you are lucky enough to stumble upon it. But if you do manage to find this gem, get an app in between rounds and enjoy the taste of everything that is put in front of you. Salud!Good cocktails but poor service. Our food took forever, in a half full restaurant, and when my lamb arrived it was two categories overcooked. After waiting half an hour for a replacement, I gave up. No apology or acknowledgment from our server.Wow.  Fantastic cocktails.  And the cauliflower paella was great.   Good vibe and not too pricey.  Great grab a bite and a fresh cocktail place!  Loved it.  Will definitely return to try more.