Nice, out of the way place. Music a tad loud, as others have indicated, but that's likely just me making the subtle transition to curmudgeon. Truffled mac & cheese, very good. Duck club, monster sized, and very tasty - skipped breakfast the next day!We were looking for something open past 11:00 pm near our hotel, and to our delight we found this hidden restaurant. We had great service and tasty food. The mac n cheese and spicy turkey chili were fantastic.They...nailed...it!! Everything is awesome!
Mac and cheese is bomb. Get the steak, it's pretty awesome! I might be drunk, it's New Orleans. They said my review was too short! Words words words!Was in NOLA for just a week and hit this place up twice.  YUM!  The first visit was just off the plane, and they kindly accommodated us at 10:30 on a weekday night and didn't rush us at all, even though they close at 11.  I had a turkey meatloaf burger topped with an egg (it stood about 7" tall!) and a killer strawberry beer.  Atmosphere is fun - dark decor with dramatic red highlights, a mix of booths and heavy wood tables, good (and loud) music, records on the wall and vintage posters, and a bar separated from the dining area by a low wall and slight elevation.  Highly recommend!If you need to get away from the quarter for a couple of hours, come here. Cool little gastropub type place. Really good food and awesome drinks.The first time I had food from here was at a business meeting. The duck confit club was a comfort food sandwich with the right amount of fat and crispness. Since then, I've tried their poutine and chorizo manchego fries, which were both quite good. Their alligator sausage corn dogs are a great mix of American fast food with local flavor. The truffle mac and cheese is my favorite thing on the menu.
The bar attracts a tech crowd (because of its location), and the staff was cheerful and so far the food has been quick.This is a true gem - a must visit to escape the frills of touristy Nola eateries.  Either burger is worth the effort, highly recommend bringing a friend and going halves-ies.
The truffle Mac n' cheese.  Wow.  Just amazing.  I had a local recommend that I add grilled chicken to the mix and it made an amazing dish even better.
Fantastic beer selection, known to hide some small batch barrels under their handles.  Great spot.  Go now.Truffle Mac and cheese was awesome.
Blue cheese burger was as good.It was my first time in New Orleans and was looking for something good, not too pricey, and away from the craziness of the French Quarter. It was about 10:00PM when we found this restaurant on Yelp so we decided to check it out; it met our needs perfectly. This restaurant was just what we were looking for. It was near our hotel in the warehouse district, price was reasonable, and the food was just phenomenal. We liked it so much, we went again the following night. 
We started off with the alligator sausage corn dogs, which they serve with a brown creole mustard for dipping. It was really good and tasty. The show stopper was the mac and cheese. I honestly can't say enough about the truffle Mac and cheese; it was amazing. I ordered the appetizer size with fried oysters and it was fantastic. The oysters had great flavor with a little bit of spice. The Mac and cheese cooked with truffle oil, brown butter, and pancetta was seriously delicious. The appetizer size was perfect. I still had leftovers. We ordered it again the following night. We also ordered the Steak Frites, which was also really good and juicy and cooked perfectly. The following night we skipped the appetizer, and went straight for entrees. I had the duck confit club this time, it was good, no complaints about it, but not as amazing as the Mac and cheese. I ordered it with Truffle Parmesan fries, which were absolutely delicious as well. This time we decided to save room for dessert. We had a fried strawberry bread pudding with a light creamy whipped cream. I'm not big on sweets, but this was great! It wasn't too sweet and wasn't overrun or overpowered by the strawberries. It was just right! I'm so glad we ordered it.
I highly recommend this restaurant! It was a great experience overall. The staff was friendly, the servers were quick and attentive both nights. The restaurant itself has a modern rock decor, the music was good, but not too loud where you cant have a conversation, there's great selection of music to choose from in the jukebox. Overall I really enjoyed both nights at this restaurant and will be returning on my next trip to New Orleans.Hubby and I were tired after a full day at the Fairgrounds. After all the delicious food at Jazz Fest we wanted something easy and delicious and low key. Capdeville fit the bill. It's a small place with fantastic, helpful bartenders and good food.  We'd definitely come back.The wife and I were looking for somewhere to get something to eat while visiting NOLA. This place was close to our hotel, just about a 5 minute walk. We approached the building at about 6 pm on a Friday night and the place looked closed. We went inside and there were a few people inside. We were seated and ordered drinks and a boudin plate appetizer. The boudin was good, came with a tasty mustard and some sort of jelly. I ordered a burger that was cooked to a perfect medium rare, topped with onion straws and some sort of sauce. It sort of lacked in flavor. Wife ordered a duck club sandwich which was also so so in the flavor department. We split an order of truffle parmesan fries that were fantastic. Service was a bit slow especially since it was only half full on a Friday night. Average food and service, bill around $70 for 2 with 2 rounds of drinks.Southwest burger was to die for! Pair it with the chorizo fries and they'll make you wanna slap yo momma.Ok...so this place got me back to yelping.  The waiters kept apologizing for the wait time but that isn't what I was disappointed in.  My food was such a disappointment.  I only ordered 2 appetizers.  The duck wontons (flavorless...the carrots had the most flavor on the plate) and the crab dip (crab is my favorite and it's the only seafood/meat that I can eat raw).  I have never had crab taste so bland before.  The person I was with ordered a burger and did not finish it.  I had higher hopes for this place but it was not good.  I won't be going back.Happy hour was amazing . Bartender was really nice and catered to our requests promptly . Food was amazing - flavourful , not oily and can be downed easily. 
Overall Great place to have a nice drink and grub. 
The place is not overly packed and anyone who doesn't want to get gobbled up in the crowd of the bourbon street can come down here and enjoy their time in peace and relaxationI decided to update my review for Capdeville, only to find that I never wrote a review for Capdeville. Interesting. 
Back in late 2010 (say, November/December), I came here for a Yelp Elite event. It was cool, and you can read my separate review of that event if interested.
I then returned on my own, at a later date, and had a fantastic meal, drinks, and service. Based upon that experience, I would have definitely given Capdeville 4-5 stars. Probably 5 stars because they have a version of Poutine, and I'm Canadian, so you know how that goes.
Anyhow, fast forward to about a month ago. I've been to Capdeville a few times recently. Each time, the service seems to be less and less enthusiastic, and much slower than it used to be. The food quality is still good, but not outstanding like it was before. The awesome Capdeville take on Poutine became much less poutine-like, with just a few drops of the gravy and a couple of pieces of non-melted cheese curd. Disappointing, to say the least. I get that it's supposed to be a more upscale version of the "heart attack in a bowl" that us Canadians know and love, but it was much more "plate of french fries" than Poutine.
The burgers were cooked the way we requested, but nothing really stood out.
Maybe Capdeville will return to its former glory. Maybe not. For now, I'm giving it 3 stars. I might return to give it another try, if I'm in the CBD. However, it's no longer a place that I would make a separate trip from the Westbank to eat at.This place is amazing. We brought in a group of 20 people with a reservation and they handled our group very efficiently. The food was amazing and the service was over the top. Highly recommend this place.Being from New Orleans, I am very picky about the food. Burger was just "ok" . If you want a burger, go to Luke. Fries were just "ok" too. Nice drink selection. Had a big screen playing the LSU vs. FL game. I don't think I'd eat here again.This is a great little casual spot in the CBD to grab a bite. Their Capdeville Burger is a hefty burger served on an onion bun with fried onions, swiss and garlic aioli. For a dollar, you can add a side of fries or side salad. I also reccomend their ooey gooey Truffle Mac and Cheese. Staff is friendly and will honestly answer when you ask, "Between these items, which do you prefer?"As I was describing how delightful this place was to my wife, I was interrupted by its delightfulness. 
Speakeasy, proper pimms
Fried rice and red beans
Roasted tomato salad
Fish tacos
Mayor burger
Truffled mac and cheese
Banana bread pudding
Atmosphere
Music
Service
Clientele
All of the above were delightful. 
We went fat kid on this place.You hop into a cab and tell the man to take you to Capdeville Street and Magazine. He looks at you sideways. He starts driving and keeps asking if you are sure that's where you want to go. You tell him "yep, the place is just off that corner". The third time he asks, you have to start wondering what's wrong with that street? Well, when you get there, you realize it is only a block long, and its hard to believe anything is on it at all.
Well this restaurant is there, and they have great food, an interesting cocktail list, decent beer list, and a low-key hip vibe. For an out-of-towner, I wouldn't have stumbled on this place had it not been for that CMYE that happened there last week, but I am glad me and some of my vacationing friends did, because it was a great time.
Both the mac'n'cheese and duck sandwich looked awesome. My burger was juicy, but the bun held up. The truffled parm fries are a righteous app.Great options for gluten-free dining (but it's not a g-free facility so celiacs should be extra careful).  I went here twice in one week and enjoyed the vibe, the service and NOLA-inspired comfort food.  Gluten-free highlights include: fish tacos, poutine, shrimp and grits... looooved them all.  The selection of food items and price point, service and overall experience makes it a great place for casual, comfy eats ... and on a regular basis!Excellent burgers and drinks, even late at night.  Great beer selection - not too long, but quality.
No fuss, they left us alone to do our own thing, checking on us occasionally. 
It's a bit hard to find, but we parked right outside, on the street.Excellent food. There's no doubt. One of the owners, Mr. Eustis, staved off a disaster during my 1st visit last week. I brought a group in and told them how everyone on Yelp! raved about the resto and that the food and place sound awesome (let me say everyone was right!). 
However, we couldn't GET our food and even simple drinks because we had probably the worst server I've had in recent memory. She was completely out of it. Not unfriendly at all, just completely out of it. I won't even get into specifics (which were a mix of humorous and frustrating). Nevertheless I informed Mr. Eustis we were w/ a child and we couldn't even get our order in for the last 30 minutes. He was beyond nice and helpful and came over multiple times to make sure we got what we needed and to apologize. 
Everyone ended out enjoying their food and I came back the next day b/c I liked what I had and I wanted to try something else. Also was delicious and had awesome service. You could tell that the rest of the staff worked well together and the situation I had was an unfortunate isolated one. 
I really like this restaurant and will tell all my friends to go b/c the owners truly care. That makes a huge difference. 
On top of that, the atmosphere is great. It's a really great addition to the NOLA food scene. Nothing touristy about it, very decent prices and high quality stuff. Definitely worth your time!We liked the casual diner atmosphere. Out server was a joy! Nothing we ate stood out as super special, but, we cleaned our plates, so....
If you decide to give Capdeville a shot, I'd recommend the pasta. It's good and exactly what you'd expect from the description. The appetizer/starter size was actually more than I anticipated and we gobbled it up. I had the Brie and bacon burger. It was prepared well/ thick patty. It was good! I guess I would have liked it dressed a bit more? I should have asked for extra condiments and tomato. Just wanted it to have one more layer of interest/zing. I would feel comfortable going here again, but, in NOLA, it's just a good choice/not a great one. If you happen to be in the area, and you're hungry, Capdeville is the street, it's the only biz on it's block, so you can probably pop in without reservations! Has a real local hang out vibe.Had the roasted roma tomato salad with fried goat cheese, sweet onions and a side of green goddess dressing. perfect.
since i ordered a salad, i decided that an order of truffled mac n cheese not a crime. here's description from the site: Shaved Black Truffles, Parmesan, Brown Butter, Sage Pancetta, Peas - how can you say no to that?!. 
i think i'll be back.Our first visit here was last night, to meet our ex-neighbor, Kaitlyn & her new Beau, Hebert.
Nice décor, interesting menu, good ratings.
Kait had the "steak frites", said very good.  Hebert had another item, liked it.  Wife & I split the signature burger w/ Swiss cheese, also very good.
Small problem:  No Coors Light.
Big problem:  Ear crushing hard rock blaring through speakers, ruined our visit.  It was so bad that we paid, then went to stand on the sidewalk outside to continue our visit.
Don't these places understand that guests want to hear peaceful music:  jazz, blues, zydeco, C&W, almost anything BUT loud, loud hard rock ?
I say:  Try Clancy's, le Citron, Houston's, Creole Cookery, or a burger joint.
Sorry to report a big disappointment here.
RickJust off the beaten path, this place has heart and good people.  Had the blueberry salad and added duck - delicious!  Enjoyed some craft beers and sat at the bar where the service was warm and genuine. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town.After spending all my tickets at the Abita Beer tents at Wednesday at the Square, I was in serious need of some food. Rather than buy more tickets for the food tents (that I probably would have spent on beer), we decided to go to Capdeville, just a hop, skip and jump away. I heard about the amazing grilled cheese and tomato soup from here, but I was fueling up to jog just over a mile back to my house, so of course I went for the 50/50 Burger and the duck and strawberry wontons. The wontons were tiny little pockets of deliciousness. I wish they were just a wee bit bigger.
My friend ordered the grilled cheese and tomato fennel soup, so I did get to try it. The fennel in the soup was really interesting. Some people love fennel, I am not one of them, but I don't mind it. It was a really nice touch for the soup, and not overpowering. 
The waitress recommended the 50/50 Burger, so I went for it. Instead of savoring every bite, I housed it, maybe even swallowed it whole. I also got a side of truffled mac & cheese, and the same thing happened--I forgot to chew. Before I knew it, it was gone!
This wasn't the wisest choice of dinners before a run home immediately after; I didn't wait 30 minutes and I was running home with a brick in my belly.
Great place for a casual dinner out.Love this place and I'd give it 5 stars except for a very few bad experiences.  I'll start with the good:
The burgers are wonderful!  They have a great selection of super original and yummy burgers, all fresh, all tasty.  And they have the best mac and cheese I've ever had.  It's the truffle mac and cheese with pancetta and peas.  Wow, do your self a favor and order it.  The small "appetizer" size is enough for three people to eat off of.  The chorizo and manchego fries are pretty spectacular as well.  The also have great service, everyone is really nice (and attractive, too!).  Oh, and they have delicious cocktails (try the pimm's cup or jacks' black lemonade) 
The two things I don't recommend are the soup of day and the Fish Tacos.   For some reason the soup is always luke warm and just not up to par with everything else.  Soooo weird.  I ordered it twice, and for some reason thought the third would be the charm.  It wasn't. And I found the Fish Tacos to be inedible because the corn tortillas were raw and cold.  And the coulis had no flavor.  I sent the tortillas back to get them warmed (the server was soo understanding), but they came back exactly how I sent them, cold and inedible.  Long story short, don't get tacos or soup, but everything else is fabulous!
Also a great place to watch the Saints games!After visiting the WWII museum we were craving some good local food close by, we came across Capdeville about an hour before closing (they close after lunch). 
We were seated in the cute small restaurant that seemed to have a rock n roll theme that is named after the street it resides, which is named after Paul Capdevielle, who was elected Mayor of New Orleans at the turn of the 20th century. Despite his success in the industrialization of the city, today he is recognized only by the one block street that is his namesake. 
They had a pretty decent beer selection. I went for the blonde and it was quite good. Our waitress was pretty attentive for the most part, a friendly girl from Georgia. She said the fish tacos were pretty popular, but we opted for the fish & chips and I got the steak wedge salad. 
It wasn't hard to make a selection, they have a pretty small menu, pretty decent prices but it is upscale. You'll probably spend $12-$16 on an entrée here.
The fish and chips was breaded perfectly. My salad was also perfect, they cooked my steak perfectly medium rare as I ordered it. We left very satisfied. Check it out if you are in the area!Entering the British-style gastropub, the glowing jukebox in front of a backdrop of white and red wallpaper that resembles my grandpaw's Navy tattoo was the first thing to demand our attention. Because of an ongoing private party we seated ourselves at the grayish colored, granite-topped bar. When I saw the house infusions hiding behind the well stocked bar, I regretted my decision of prematurely ordering a NOLA Blonde. Eventually, small talk with the bartender led to a sample of the exceptionally delicous house infused blackberry Jack Daniels and lemonade. While running through the menu, it was evident that these were no plain burgers. I reluctantly passed up the duck confit club, and a burger with garlic aioli and an au poivre sauce for the Manchego la Mancha. This burger, topped with manchego and a fried egg and then slathered with a sweet and tangy green tomato jam, exceeded the pleasures of my first Mello Yello as a kid.
Even though I was suffering from an excruciating fullness, I didn't hesitate to try a bite of Erin's truffled mac and cheese. Filled with pancetta and topped with thin strips of shaved parmesan and fried sage, this rich and ridiculously good, non-traditional macaroni sent me over the truffled edge of sanity.Super nice staff. This was by far the best meal we had in New Orleans. Possibly because after eat so much deep fried foods you just sort of get sick of it after a while. I would definitely recommend the shrimp and grits. I wasn't expecting much but it blew me away. The best shrimp I ever had and I was never one to enjoy grits but this was fantastic. The glaze on the crab cake was amazing and the catfish sandwich was so light and flaky and didn't leave a heavy feeling in your stomach. Get a reservation, it's worth it.The short and sweet: good food and drinks but very noisy and limited table service.
Now for the details: I visited Capdeville for the first time as part of a CMYE. We had some tables reserved near the bar, which was good since we had to order everything at the bar. I started with a pint of Guinness, because that's how you should start any meal. Not wanting a heavy meal I decided to have a cucumber salad. It was very bountiful and delicious with a nice kick to it. It was so good I had to order another one but the second order was much smaller, maybe half the size. As a side I ordered the poutine. This was my first time ever having poutine and I was informed it lacked the proper amount of cheese curds. Still, it was also quite tasty. 
I finished the meal off with a Guinness float. That's right, Guinness float. At first I was very hesitant. The menu described it as "car bomb" ice cream in a glass of Guinness. I can only assume it was Bailey's and Jameson ice cream, which is what it tasted like. So, ice cream floating in a glass of beer? As I said, I was a hesitant, but I'm glad I ordered it. IT IS DELICIOUS. That's right, all caps. I'm shouting it from the rooftops. If you order nothing else, get this for desert.The 50/50 burger is among my favorites in the city and the happy hour specials are fantastic. Great spot post Saints game.This is the perfect neighborhood restaurant for the Warehouse district.
Fantastic $4 happy hour includes; beer, wine, cocktails and food.  You can get in and out for $20.00.
Servers are excellent, seems like the have a good rapport with their regulars but are still attentive to new customers.  Makes it feel homey and relaxing.
My favorites on the menu included; Deviled Eggs, Smoked Cuban Sandwich and the Duck Club.  I wish I had a bigger stomach to eat more!Went here the other night with my work family. Really impressed with the place, EXCEPT that there was an LSU game on the tv and everyone was screaming at the top of their lungs. It was so loud I could hardly hear the conversations at my table. I hate football! Anyway, the place impressed me enough that I'll go back, next time NOT on a game night. I got the Steak Frites, very tasty and cooked exactly the way I like. The fries were thin and crispy. Our table ordered one of every appetizer on the menu (something I've always wanted to do at a restaurant, thanks boss!) and each app was really good, with the exception of the lettuce wraps--sounds fancy on the menu but comes to your table completely unassembled--which were okay but nothing to write home about. My main drink was A Proper Pimm's and it was, indeed. Very tasty, very refreshing. Service was great, not too pushy, showing up at just the right pace. By the look of the place you'd think it would be expensive but the prices here are quite reasonable for the quality of the food. I'll definitely go back, next time to try that truffle mac and cheese that everyone raves about. Good job, Capdeville!Let me start by saying, amazing truffled Mac n Cheese!!!!! It's a MUST order and it Deserves 100 stars. Quiet and small little place tucked away in an "alley", hard to spot if you don't know it's there! But what a surprise! Food was delicious and atmosphere was great. The wall decor is super cute. Our waiter Maria was soooo nice, and attentive. We went on NYE for a last minute dinner, and everything was great, including our Moscow mules. Ordered a shrimp po-boy for dinner which was super yummy, and a side of Poutine which was also extremely amazing (must order)!!!! MSO ordered fish and chips. Will definitely be coming back next time around in NOLA.My favorite lunch spot in the CBD. That's no knock on dinner though.
I really enjoy the food and cocktails at Capdeville on an equal level. I've had almost all the food on the menu and the standouts are the chicken and dumplings, the burger, the fried red beans and rice balls, the BLFT (maybe my favorite) and the shrimp empanadas. The only thing I would recommend is the Ham and Cheese fritters (ham and cheese are already salty and to throw an olive tapinade on top is just too much).
The drinks are always fresh. My favorite is the blackberry mojito (not sure if it's on the menu), but several people in my party during my last visit got the Persephone's Fall and thoroughly enjoyed it.
The staff is always very attentive and friendly. It's also a great, lowkey place to watch Saints games.
And the best days are when the Soup of the Day is Whiskey.
It usually stays pretty busy so I would recommend reservations if you can get them.Capedeville is a sweet little gastro pub that got its' start a few years ago before the gastro-everything craze really hit New Orleans. 
I finally made it tonight after wanting to try for years! It feels unpretentious with just some posters on the wall, a jukebox, a bar and an open floor. I loved the relaxed vibe and our server was so sweet and efficient. 
The menu looked fantastic:  highlighting local and seasonal produce (and without annoyingly blasting its commitment to doing so, everywhere.) Blueberries, asparagus, fennel, tomato, arugula, summer squash and zucchini, basil pistou. I was so excited to sample what seemed like smart twists on comfort classics with fresh ingredients! 
We ordered the happy hour blueberry duck wontons with pickled vegetables, the Parmesan frites, the espresso rubbed steak with tandoori cauliflower, and the tomato fennel soup with basil pistou. The delivery was so sad: watery soup with no fennel (or tomato) flavor and a thick layer of basil oil posing as a pistou (also strangely flavorless), the wontons had NO hint of duck and had stale, soggy shells, the steak did not have the smoky, almost chocolatey flavor I have enjoyed when trying other espresso rubs, and even though cooked to temperature (perhaps a little rarer than the medium-rare we asked for) did not have a beef flavor at all. The cauliflower, while clearly roasted with spices, was dry and the spices were indistinguishable. The frites came to the table cold and the Parmesan was chalky rather than the slightly nutty, melty goodness I would expect. The portions were well-sized, however, and the aioli was good. 
The desserts look excellent from other folks' reviews and I would come back to try them. I wish this hadn't been such a confusing experience! Perhaps I caught them on an off night.Dropped in for a late lunch and happened upon happy hour and a delicious meal.  We started with bruschetta, alligator sausage corn dogs and ceviche each better than the next.
The kids each ordered the truffle Mac and cheese with was incredible and enjoyed by the adults too.  They split a huge cheeseburger generous on the cheese.  
I had the gumbo which was filled with chunks of fresh fish and veggies.
The service was incredible, super friendly and quick.  It was an all around great experience.I so love this place. went in last week after walkin' 3 miles (seriously...we are that indecisive). the poutine fries are amazing! hubby and I each had burgers, which are always great. mine came out a little overcooked (i think medium rare is the only way to eat red meat) and had ketchup on it, which I asked for on the side as I don't tend to like it on my food. normally these things would be enough to ruin a dining experience for me, but our server (kevin) turned it all around. he recognized us as service industry folks, hooked us up with a discount, and brought us 2 shots of bourbon! 
get the truffle mac. opt for the large one. just can't get enough!Sort of randomly chose a spot that was in close proximity to the WWII museum from a list of restaurants with no other influence what so ever. The food was so-so, there seemed to be mixed reviews from around the table. However the host was very accommodating. There was bad weather outside and we had a party of five, my 91 year old WWII veteran grandfather included. He had us seated promptly despite what seemed like a full house and a wait.Service was great! Food was delish (try the red beans and rice appetizer!!) and atmosphere was fun. Will be back!It's been awhile since I been to my own favorite location so I was very excited to visit. I got my usual Truffle Mac & Cheese that was delightful as always. Definitely no complaints. Staff was okay, not the normal greatness but may have been an off day.
Things to keep in mind: Parking is on the street so depending on what's going on it could be a hassle. The location is a little hidden so once you make it to the IP Building it will be on the right hand side of the building.Food here sucks! Way overpriced. Cocktails were very ok. Soup was lukewarm. Service was horrible.I came into this pub expecting the best based upon the other Yelp reviews. Sadly, I can say that there was nothing special about any part of this visit. 
Sure, nothing was bad and yeah, the food was ok but that's it. Nothing good, nothing great, nothing to make me want to tell anyone to ever come here again. We got the chorizo and manchego fries and an order of fish tacos and the duck club.
The fries were the best part of the meal. The chorizo was smoky and sweet and the cheese fit in well with the seasoning they put on the fries. Unfortunately, everything went downhill from there. The duck club tasted like eating a sandwich made from Thanksgiving leftovers. Good, but I could have made better at home. The fish tacos tasted like fish, red cabbage, and flour tortillas. No seasoning and no real mention of that red pepper puree.
The amount of time that it took to receive each section of our meal, let alone our bill made all of the glaring mistakes that this place made shine ever so brighter. 
I can say that if you have to eat here, go ahead. You will have a meal that won't give you food poisoning, but that you won't have any desire to mention or remember ever again. But if you can, go elsewhere. Your tastebuds will appreciate it.I love this restaurant.  It's off the beaten path on capdeville.  The food is superb and the staff could not be nicer.  I've eaten here twice and I've been surprised with how good it is.  MahaloI've been here a few times over the years and always love it. The bar is fantastic! They've usually got some really fun, creative cocktails on special, so this is a great place to come in and be adventurous. The food is fantastic too! Maybe it's because we tend to hit it up late at night after a few drinks on the town, maybe it's because it's THAT good, but every time we leave wondering why we don't eat there WAY more often. 
Tip: Most the parking in that area is reserved for the US Marshals, be smart and don't get towed!We came to Capdeville with a friend who had recommended it and ended up having a great time. The service was shaky but the drinks were phenomenal and the food was ok. I can see where they were going with the menu I think we just should have gone with a burger. The drinks are a bit overpriced in my opinion but you are paying for the atmosphere. Very approachable bar. I keep going back for the Dienzen's (sp?) whisky smash! We'll give the food another shot soon. I think we just were unlucky with what we ordered. I'll update once we finally doService was perfect, and the food was great! I really liked the atmosphere as well.I tried their take on eggs Benedict for Brunch. It was almost inedible. The biscuit was dry, as in day old sitting outside dry. The pulled pork was stringy, tough, dry and flavorless. The slow poached egg had a hard yoke, so it was really like a hard boiled egg. The hollandaise was foamy, which comes from making it at to low of a temperature, had no lemon or salt. It tastes like frothed egg and there was only a drizzle of it. The whole entree was difficult to eat because everything was so dry. I almost sent the dish back. My wife got the 50/50 burger and it was dry and nothing special.  A waste of $50. 
The ambience is cool and trendy but there are plenty of better places to eat in New Orleans.This place is simply amazing. If I'm ever back in New Orleans, I'd definitely go here again. I highly recommend the poutine if you go here. 
We had no problem with a same day reservation for 6 on a Friday night.Always a decent lunch when you're in the CBD. Free WIFI, friendly servers, and good food.SO GOOD! 
We got there fairly early Saturday, kind of a late lunch/early dinner basically something small while we start drinking kind of thing.  It was prob around 5pm so there were no more than 10 guests total but by the time we left it had filled up significantly.
I had the blackberry infused Jack Daniels drink and might have fallen in love, so good!  My friend and I shared the tomato basil soup, truffle mac and cheese and the BLT.  Our server was a doll and had the BLT made with the pig on the side so it wouldnt touch my half of the sandwich. It was honestly phenomenal.  I had heard so much about the mac n cheese but I thought the sandwich and my cocktail kicked its ass!
The decor, music and location of the place really make it great as well and there are seats outside (to bring your pooch) but I only saw two tables, so it was too risky to lure him there with promises of table scraps, only to not find outdoor seating!
I would highly recommend returning for happy hour, the drinks were too good not to sample a few and the size of the portions are perfect for sharing a few things with friends!  Also I noticed they take reservations, so thats probably a good idea for a larger group.
I def look forward to returning!Fried beans and rice and home-made handpies...yum! Great burgers too - only in NOLA for a few days for a conference and went here twice cause it rockedThe second you walk in, you don't regret a thing. The atmosphere is so cool and friendly with great music playing. The food is not what you expect when you order, but an amazingly delicious surprise is sure to come to your table. Not from around New Orleans but if I ever come back, I will for sure be coming back to this restaurant.Meh.  Not sure why the high ratings as I was not impressed.  They need to figure out if they are a bar or if they are a restaurant that serves food as they don't do both very well currently...or at least from our experience tonight.  We arrive for an early dinner....5:45.  Seated promptly and friendly so all is well.  Or all was well.....   We look over the menu....look over the menu.....look over the menu....put the menu down as a clue we are ready to order, and then our waitress who is also going behind the bar to make her tables' drinks as well as the customers at the bar's drinks comes over 10 min. later to take our drink order.  She comes back with our drinks and says she will be back for our order once she helps the next table.  No problem...we have some time to burn before going to the Theater.  After sitting for 30 min., we FINALLY get our order placed and inform her that she can just bring the appetizer and entrees out at the same time that we have a show to catch.  One would think an hour and a half planned for a dinner is adequate enough.  For us tonight, just barely.  If we had the time and more familiar with nearby restaurants that wouldn't have a major wait, we would have walked out at the 15 min. mark after just getting our drinks.
The food....we had the meat pies, grilled cheese and tomato and fennel soup, and the Robert Paulson Burger.  Nothing horrible with the food at all and it had some positives but nothing I would come back for that we just had to have again.  The meat pies had cheese in them but no mention of cheese on the menu.  I grew up on Natchitoches meat pies and cheese was a taboo always....now if you call it an empanada I'd fully expect cheese.  But they tasted simply of meat and cheese without any noticeable spice at all.  The grilled cheese my wife said was good but was simply cheddar slapped between 2 pieces of sandwich sourdough bread and grilled lightly and the tomato fennel soup was over reduced and thick and tasted more like marinara than tomato soup but good flavor at least.  And the R.P. Burger I had was good...the Russian dressing was too much and made it messy and the fried egg was overcooked so that the yoke was solid...not what you want on a burger.  
I think other than the lack of service, the problem here is that they are trying to be two things...a bar and a restaurant.  They say they are "In short, though, it is a well done casual restaurant paying tribute to whiskey and rock and roll."   Didn't get that at all.  The servers are more bartenders who occasionally go around and take food orders and seem to be more interested in assisting the patrons at the bar than those on the floor.  It is also absolutely ridiculous that each server makes their own drinks for their tables.  I would strongly suggest having dedicated servers on the floor only taking orders and serving the floor guests and never stepping foot behind the bar and bartenders at the bar serving the patrons at the bar and making all the drink orders for the floor.  Otherwise, your server disappears for huge blocks of times stuck behind the bar making drinks for either their tables or those at the bar that catch their attention.  And other than a jukebox sitting in the corner not being used and some rock art and posters on the walls, I would not have described Capdeville as a restaurant paying tribute to rock and roll.  It's more of an after work hang out for friends and co-workers for a drink and snack before going home.
Had hopes when we saw all the positive reviews on Yelp for a New Orleans restaurant, as we are from the Baton Rouge area and not familiar with many of the local places, but sadly this one did not live up to the reviews for us tonight mainly due to the service.  If the service had been spectacular and the food a bit more flavorful and sensible, I most likely would have given another 2 stars on this review.  Sadly today though.....Meh on service and Eh on food.A perfect, off the beaten path type of restaurant and bar. They have whiskey flights, an ample beer list, and versatile menu. We had two types of their fries, which were fantastic. The shrimp and chorizo tacos taste like New Orleans and are light and fresh. They are totally perfect. The atmosphere is a trendy dive with secondary lighting. This would also be a great place just to drink. Cheers!Great 'young people' place (20-40) , good service, easy vibe, creative comfort food, off the busy path of tourists traps and loud music. I had a house burger and fries - it was very good.Location itself is dark, the streets outside aren't lit so be careful!
Food is decently priced, it's okay. I got the crab dip and fish and chips (I love seafood), it was mediocre. My waitress was very sweet and attentive. There was a dinner special that I didn't know about until the couple next to me were seated, I guess my waitress forgot to tell me? Ehh, not a big deal.
My advice, find another restaurant to eat at.Excuse my language but, this place is fucking awesome. I love the atmosphere, the people and drinks and the menu and specials are always on point. I've taken everyone from my lame chain-loving parents to my friends and partner here and have always had a wonderful experience. Would 100% recommend.Loud music and overall noisy.  Great hamburger (Capdeville burger). Great appetizer - fried red beans and rice. 
My wife had the grilled cheese and tomato fennel soup a good grilled cheese and excellent soup. 
The pecan chocolate pie for dessert was good if you leave off the burnt crust which made it bitter. 
Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had though. Nice crust and cooked perfectly. 
Told server about the pie. It was still on the bill though and, by the way, one of the smallest pieces of pie I've ever had in a restaurant. Overpriced for sure.This is a small, dimly lit place. It is quite loud though given the concrete floors and hard surfaces. Some of the tables are pretty close together. But the loudness may make conservations more private. The menu choices are limited but they seem to cover a lot of different ground with what they do offer. The options are pretty unique. The truffled Mac and cheese was awesome. Prices were very reasonable. Service was decent. I enjoyed it.A very enjoyable and unforgettable experience. It was only my second night in New Orleans, and I was looks for something familiar. We walked past this place at least once. Confused, we circled back around and finally noticed the neon light through a window. A decent, although not extensive, selection of spirits awaited inside.  This is an excellent shelter from the crowds of young "adults."Capdeville gets five stars for the bar atmosphere alone.  The barstaff are friendly, they have a nice selection of house cocktails and beers, and the jukebox rocks... what's not to like?
Then one weekend my family came into town and every restaurant in the city was booked from 6pm to 9pm.  Capdeville had just a few tables by the bar.  It was a little loud (gearing up for the evening bar crowd) but great ambiance--dim candlelight meets British rock. 
As for the menu, quite a few steps up from bar food.  Their truffled mac n cheese has become my standard to which all other cheesy noodles are compared.  Reasonably priced too.  Love this place!Yuuuummm! Finally came here after years of almost eating here. We got the alligator sausage corn dogs, fried red bean and rice balls, pouting fries, and truffle Mac and cheese. 
We started off with some cocktails, I had the Speakeasy and my boyfriend had something with a C that had champagne in it. My drink was ok, but I don't think bourbon and st germain and rose water should be in a relationship. His drink smelled like vomit. They were $9 each. 
The food took a while to come out but it wAs pretty good! The red beans and rice were slightly bland and a little dry, the sausage was good, and the poutine was really good but it tasted like someone had spilled the salt shaker onto it. The star of the meal was the Mac and cheese. Except for the peas, it was perfect. The salt content was on point, the sauce was nice and creamy and not oily at all. 
I can't say that we'd order any of the other food again, but the Mac and cheese alone is worth it.New Orlean's answer to the British gastropub.  Solid Mayor burger, though I didn't realize you had to pay extra for sides, including regular fries (though their fries menu was impressive in the variety of offerings).  Wait staff was friendly and ambiance is dark and laid back.  Pretty kickass wallpaper.  A restaurant with skulls, octopus, and kickass ladies for wallpaper is a win in my book.My friend and I stopped in Capdeville for happy hour yesterday. It was my first time there, but my friend had been multiple times and loves it! It's a funky and casual gastropub. It almost feels like I'm a in a different era.
Their happy hour is from 4:30-7pm Mon-Thurs and 11am-7pm on Fridays. Happy hour menu uploaded in images. I had the red wine sangria and my friend had the Moscow mule. My sangria was pretty good. It wasn't a super large portion and lots of ice, but delicious.
For food we shared the truffle Parmesan fries, boudin plate and the 50-50 burger. Fries were thinly sliced and crispy, with large pieces of Parmesan crusted on top. Good flavor and texture, but I think the Parmesan could've been spread better.  The boudin was a little dry, which probably resulted in some loss of flavor. The jalapeños, marmalade, and mustard that came on the plate helped, though. Burger was delicious, how can you go wrong with 50% bacon 50% beef and a fried egg? Cooked just the way we asked and I added some jalapeños from the boudin plate. It was great. 
Service was exceptional. Our waitress checked in frequently, was friendly and attentive. Food came out at a good pace and we were in and out in a hour! I'd definitely come back, especially during happy hour to try out some more of their cocktails!Was in NOLA for new years eve weekend and stopped her for a few drinks. Mac a cheese was a hit. it was fairly busy for a Friday night. Nice local bar.Capdeville isn't exactly a restaurant but it isn't exactly a bar. Bars don't serve food nearly this good.  Restaurants don't have quite the same bar scene as this place. 
We got to Capdeville early (around 6) and there were maybe 6 other people there and they were all at the bar. We grabbed a table and were quickly greeted by our waitress Sarah who was also one of the bartenders.  She was very friendly and accomodating (we had our 2 yr old & 4 yr old with us).
We decided to split a bunch of different things. So here's the breakdown:
The fried red beans & rice balls are not to be missed. Seriously.
This place brags about their burgers and I'd say the Capdeville burger backs it up.
Also getting a 5 star rating was the manchego mac'n'cheese & truffle infused parmesean french fries.
We also split the manchego & chorizo French fries that were pretty good as was the chilled cucumber soup.
In any event, if you go to Capdeville and have the same experience we did, you wil leave very, very happy.Horrible server .... recommends burger but runs out of buns, how do you have a menu of sandwiches without buns? Then after someone at the table got buns on their sandwich after I was asked if I wanted toast I questioned the server again and he could only blankly state at me. Not only was the service and the food mediocre but the manager had his head in the clouds as he was focused on instagram. Even when the server was questioned about the bun the manager and him could only stare blankly without any approach for recovery. The hole in the wall restaurant only had three covers. Honestly a waist in food and definitely a pimple to be in NOLA.So this place is just nice. Its super loud inside which we didn't mind but just FYI. We went twice during our stay. First time we had loaded grill cheeses. They again were just ok, no real flavour just butter! We got parmesan truffle fries and they were a terrible disappointment, greasy mess, all stuck together and again no taste. We went again because we were starving and this place was so close. Second time I got a salad and it was significantly better. Staff are cool and drinks are nice...but alcohol is always nice! Overall its a fine place to go...but in my opinion over priced for what is produced. Not a must visit.Food was good. We had the tomato soup with grilled cheese, perfect for a rainy evening as well as a great burger. Service was prompt and they have great beer list. I'll be back.Drinks were very good. Received good bang for buck
Fried red beans and rice that everyone raves about on here were bland, bland, bland!  No kick at all
I ordered burger medium. Several bites were like biting into burnt burger. Not good 
T storm on white linen night so this seemed like the spot. NegatoryCapdeville has definitely improved since I first wrote my first review. I've been there quite a few times and things have definitely stabilized. The service, while not without flaws (things can get slow when they're busy) is certainly much better than it was, and the food no longer takes forever to come out. 
But the thing I like best about this place -- and why some folks might not like it at all -- is the boistrous atmosphere. It's just a really fun place to go with friends and maybe meet some new folks or see people you know. I love going for happy hour on my way home from work. It's a welcome dose of excitement in the CBD/Warehouse District, which is still lacking in these sorts of gathering places. (Vic's is my other favorite place, but it's a lot more casual.)I'm not a mac-n-cheese girl.  
I'm a Capdeville mac-n-cheese girl.  
This place has amazing mac-n-cheese with peas and prociutto(?).  We got a full size plate to share and the bartender requested on our behalf to split the bowls.  She was very sweet.  
I was already pretty drunk by this point so we didn't try out their drinks... but we had left over mac that we took back to the hotel and heated up 2 days later.  It was still delicious... just really olive oily. 
Love the atmosphere, was here on a Friday night and it wasn't packed.  In fact, we were the only customers there.  Which they said was even strange for them.  
I love the tucked away treasure find feel to this place.  Great music choices too. 
Will be back to try drinks next time.Capdeville restored my faith in the New Orleans burger scene.  They overcook them a bit though, so order it one temperature cooler than you normally would.Decent place with a different take on traditional American fare. Get the Cobb Salad with fried oysters and charred vinaigrette dressing, you won't be disappointed.There were bits of crab shell in my meal that made it very unappetizing. Service was so so.Fun bar that serves very good food.  Where else can you have cheap innovative food and feed a juke box? Ham and cheese fritters were awesome. Bacon Lettuce and Fried Green Tomato excellent. Deviled Eggs were good, but make sure you like salmon as it comes through. Bread pudding with caramelized banana slices was like two incredible deserts in one.The food is good, but nothing special. The service was just ok. I waited a long time to get our check and finally had to go ask for it. I don't mind eating here, but there are better options nearby.Great burgers, cool bar, good fries, nice ambience. It is a solid bar, restaurant.One of my favorite spots. Always solid. Good food. Pleasant staff. I always sit at the bar. Duck Confit sandwich and truffle mac are winners.Arrived ahead of the crowds after just happening by but checked the reviews to find plenty of great feedback.  Enjoyed a few beers and an appetizer of truffle fries but dissapointed in the lack of truffle oil so they really were just good fries with shredded Parmesan.  No big hurry so we decided to order once the place started filling up so we were not behind any big tables.  We sat patiently as table after table was served and the restaurant emptied and we are still waiting for entrees.  
Food arrives with many apologies from the staff so we started to dig in only to be completely dissapointed with both meals.  I never send food back but this was not even edible.  Later we discovered that the head chef had quit a couple weeks back.
Explains a lot, but I cannot recommend this place based on our experience.
Food: 1 Sporks
Service:  3 Sporks
Atmosphere: 3 Sporks 
Local Beer: 2 Sporks
Value: 2 SporksThe burger was delicious! One of the best I've ever had. I also had the truffle fries which were good, but the burger OMG!  The service was good. The only complaint was the noise level in the restaurant but that's not their fault that the other customers were rowdy. Highly recommended!The food was pretty good (as were the beverages), but I have to bump them down one star for the service.  I recognize that we were a large party, but service was super slow and our server kept forgetting us despite us being in the middle of everything.  I split the Mayor Burger and the Capdeville burger with someone else and they were both pretty tasty and HUGE.  We also had the fried red beans and rice and jalapeno, sweet corn, and cheddar fritters to start.  Both were delicious and a great way to start the meal.Awesome fried rice and beans. Tasty well prepared cocktail and reasonable local beer selection on draft. Liked the music too.Went to NOLA for our 20th anniversary.  Capdeville was within walking distance to our hotel. The atmosphere, the decor, the service, the food, and the drinks had us go here twice while we were on our trip.
The small bites, during happy hour were amazing and so reasonably priced.  We tried the fried red beans and rice, duck and pear wontons, the truffled mac and cheese.  All delicious.  We were pretty excited for the poutine fries, but the fries were just a bit too crispy for our liking.
The servers/bartenders were the best--super-friendly and helpful!  Our favorite drink:  the Rosemary Gimlet. Sooo good!
Capdeville, we will be back!!!Its good.  Everything I have had is very good.  And yet, I am slowly getting concerned.  The first couple times I ate there, I was all like "Damn, this is the best burger in town."  And my wife was all like "Damn, these fish tacos are the bomb."  Wait.  No.  We don't really talk that way, but the sentiment was there.  Last couple times, well, things are still good, but not great.
The first visit made me think this was the new place that I had to take all my friends, all the time.  Now, its a good option if you're in the neighborhood and hungry.  Its tough to rave about a place once it starts the slide.  I still like it.  I still eat there.  Its close to work and home, but its not what I was hoping it could be.
Don't know if the Ste Marie took too much time from the owners and they are letting this one slide, or what.  But it has too much potential to let it go downhill.Great Burgers and Fries, hate goat cheese, so I was disappointed that the bruschetta was made with goat cheese, but everything else was awesomeThe happy hour was great value for the price. I was underwelmed by the truffle mac n cheese, I think the panchetta made the dish so salty and covered the truffle flavoring, same sitch with the parm on the truffle fires 
The apps were tasty and unique, blueberry duck wontons were yummy!!This place deserves 5 stars just for its truffle mac&cheese, it is delicious. I'm deducting one star for the unpleasant noise level.Capdeville has some of the best Mac and Cheese in New Orleans. 
I can't claim to have tried every Mac in the city, but this definitely beats other, more expensive places, like Butcher and Cochon's, and Gott's on Magazine.
Every time I've been the service has been great, and they have a good selection of beer on tap and some interesting cocktails (Electric Ladyland is quite good).
At nights on the weekend, they seem to turn up the volume on the music, which isn't great if you want to talk and eat. But this seems to be a general trend in restaurants in that area.Amazing food and drinks! Love the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The best truffle Mac n cheese and Brussels sprouts and even great salads!Great place to watch a game, drink a beer and eat a tasty burger and fries. Truffle fries are excellent. Low key but good at everything they do. Nice waitstaff. I've been a few times and would go again. If you are in any of the hotels in the CBD or visiting the WWII or Ogden, it's a good stop.We ordered several dishes to share for a mid afternoon snack. We ordered the fried rice balls, mac n cheese, and chicken pot pie. The fried rice balls were super good. Would've liked extra hot sauce! The mac n cheese was amazing! I should've gotten the largest size. I could've devoured it easily! The chicken pot pie was so so. The crust was great and the side of green beans with almonds. But the gravy with veggies was so so. I'm used to a cream base and it wasn't. Service was great.Very, very good, all around.  Service was spot on.  Burger and Tandoori cauliflower were superb.  Beer selection was sufficient, if not extensive.Kind of an odd vibe for dinner - very casual and very cold! Felt more like a bar than a place to eat.The fried red beans and rice were so delicious that we ordered a second helping though, and the servers were very nice. Try the Pimm's cocktail for a not too sweet fix.Very calm and relaxing atmosphere with awesome drinks. It's tucked off on a side street so you won't see it if your not paying attention. I love the truffle Mac and cheese here, it's a "go getter" every time I'm there. 
I'm usually here for a nice dinner before heading to Lucy's down the street. Highly recommended, great staff, fun energy.While visiting New Orleans for the first time and having exactly no good idea of where to get a good meal with my wife, we stumbled upon this gem which was hidden away directly behind out hotel (the Layfayette Hotel on St Charles.)  After a quick yelp search we decided we must check this place out.
We had the Smoked Salmon Deviled Eggs, who would have ever thought you could combined those two things!  It was amazing.  The creamy-ness of the egg emulcification mixed with smoky-ness of the salmon was ridiculous.  The dish was finished with caper berries.  You can't not get it!
I had the steak frites and my wife had the truffled mac n cheese.  The steak was cooked perfectly, all the juiced seared in and compound butter served over top with blue cheese on the side.  Eating the fries you could tell it was actually a potato earlier in the day.  It was excellent.  My wife fawned over the truffled mac n cheese, saying it was unlike anything she'd ever eaten before.
I gave in an got the banana bread pudding for desert, which was soft and moist on the inside, with the edges slightly crusty and covered with a sweet decadent brown butter and sugar sauce.
Did I mention the jukebox?  Maybe we're nerds but we loved picking out songs on the jukebox, they're so underrated and you never see them any more.  They entire bar is decorated in shades of black/white/red and with art that speaks perfectly to the food it accompanies.
It was a 5 star dining experience.Capdeville is one of those bars where you can get to know the staff, because they are super friendly and like to talk to the patrons. Oh! Also they have (on multiple occasions) held my briefcase for me, even overnight. The proximity to launchpad makes it a convenient place to unwind for those working in the building, and build a consistent body of regulars who you could run in to almost every day.
The place serves some pretty amazing food, and from what I've heard they are still experimenting with the recipes. I tried a dish (which i can't remember the name of) which was tomato slices mixed with ground meat, cooked to perfect and served as a (giant) burger. According to my waiter I was the first person to ever try this dish, and I must say it was delicious. I hope they have continued to serve it because it was unlike any burger I've ever had before. The owners and staff are very friendly and know the community by now. Almost everything on the menu is delicious, you really can't go wrong. Oh, and if you want some low-fat food, ask for the Neel special; fifteen dollars worth of chicken strips and ranch dressing (delicious.) I was impressed to find the "Neel Special" actually showed up on my receipt as it is a concoction invented by my business partner Neel Sus. It just goes to show how much attention is paid to the regulars at this place.
Great attention is paid on serving great food with fresh ingredients. In my experience I have visited Capdeville more as a drinker, but the food is quite excellent, and I can not recommend the Macaroni and Cheese enough.. it is delicious! If you're not a fan of that there is a great selection of burgers, and naturally, the grilled cheese.. mmmm.I wasn't too impressed with this place. The meal was good but way overpriced for what we got. $18 for a scoop of potato/parsnip puree and a small piece of fish just wasn't worth it. They also were out of salmon which they didn't realize until a few minutes after they had taken my order, at that point they should have offered to substitute the mahi for the salmon, but instead they brought me a menu and asked me to choose a different dish. It was a disappointing experience and we won't be returning, too many other awesome places in the city!I have the pleasure and pain of working in the building where Capdeville is located. It's a pleasure because I can go in there at any time and see people I know, and a pain because I fight the urge to go at all times of the day. It has just about everything I could want in a hot spot to hang out.
Where do I begin? It's described as a English - style gastropub, and it lives up to that name plus more. During the lunch hour, I have to fight the urge to go down and order the truffled mac n cheese. I am almost a slave to this crave. Creamy mac n cheese with truffle oil, peas and pancetta chunks, has me wanting it almost every day. I literally have to fight the craving for this dish. 
I believe this is also the only spot in town that serves poutine fries - a dish that is native to Canada, it's fries, tasty gravy and cheese curds. Even better, there are a myriad of stylish fries to choose from. Stylish Fries. Not to many places have such a menu. 
I've also had the duck confit club sandwich, which is so massive, I had just eat the duck confit part. The burgers, I hear, are delish as well. Since I can't seem to get past the mac n cheese, I have yet to have a burger.
Then there's the bar. Fully stocked, they have an impressive selection of whiskey and scotch, and the top two decorative shelves above the bar are lined with Rebel Yell, which the owner has a propensity for. 
The staff is super friendly and highly personable. I consider them more my buds than my servers. They are as rock n roll as the jukebox, which is now my favorite juke in town.
If you want to see a slice of the up and coming entrepreneurial, tech, and young professional scene in town, pop into Cap. It's a great place to meet people who are doing great things in town.Great service! Great food and drinks menu! And the ambiance was super chill. The prices were a little on the steep side but worth it. Just wish there had been a few more vegetarian options. Highly recommended!The ambiance of the restaurant was warm and cozy as it is fairly small and goes for a musical theme. I ordered the recommended meals, the truffled Mac and cheese, the blackberry slump dessert and all was okay as were the main entrees which were good as well, although nothing really resonated. I gave it a 3 because of slow/poor service and the fact that nothing really stuck with me here other than the fact that I was super hungry.We were looking for a place that takes reservations for 6 and would accommodate both meat and vegetarian tastes.  Capdeville fit the bill.  I was a great atmosphere and was easy to hear others at the table talking.  I had the grilled cheese with tomato soup, which was delicious (could have been happy with a little larger serving size).  The rest of the table seemed to be happy.  There is a small bar on one end of the restaurant but it was quite even with maybe a dozen people around the bar.  Seemed like there was a good mix of small and large tables.  In NOLA if you want a place to talk that is not overpriced, this would fit the bill.Aweeesome! This place totally reminds me of Los Angeles or at least that's the kind of vibe it has. I found this place on Yelp so I figured we would give it a try while we were in town.
So first of all this place is a little hidden so you can very easily pass it up without seeing it. As you go in, it definitely has a hole in the wall style ambiance, but it's cozy & cool. It has a trendy vibe yet it's casual, or can be if you want it to be. I could tell it was more of a locals joint as there were some folks that were clearly on a date while some folks were there with friends grabbing dinner. We may have been the only out-of-towners there.
The food is very basic American which is nice, especially in a city like New Orleans where sometimes you just want something simple and All-American! We ordered the rice and beans fried balls as an appetizer and that was really delish!! We also ordered some burgers, grilled cheese sandwiches, and some kind of lobster dip. I myself had the burger and it was really good. Hot & fresh. However being the fries lover that I am, the fries were not nearly as warm as they should've been. I felt bad telling the waiter but I did and he brought out a fresh batch of fries immediately and apologized. This was great customer service and I completely appreciate it. I also appreciate not getting the attitude that I probably would've gotten here in LA. 
Overall this place is a great stop in New Orleans. It's cool, cozy, and delish! I really don't see how it could go wrong. 5 stars!!This tucked away treasure is so delightful. Maria makes the most amazing cocktails but the key is the food. It's something else. I come here when I need comfort food. The chef puts his heart and soul in each dish. I'm never disappointed. It's a great spot for lunch or dinner.Amazing burgers, very quiet (when we went), wonderfully friendly server who gave us recommendations of other stuff around town.  Convenient to those staying in Warehouse District who are tired of walking to French Quarter!Took a break from the BBQ and Blues Fest and ducked in here for a quick bite. 
Nice place, real nice selection of drinks. Comfortable, casual atmosphere.  
I had the
Smoked Cuban Sandwich ($14
)
Shredded Pork Shoulder, Smoked Ham, Swiss, House Pickles, Dijon. 
And side of fries ($3)
The Cuban had a lot of flavor, and nice bite. The pickle crunch added texture and a little palate tease. Overall, delicious.  
Fries were just right, hot, seasoned well. 
Suggestion. Eat the whole sandwich, it's not really a "doggie bag" item.We decided to head out to get a burger, and Yelp suggested Capdeville. The ambience was slightly artsy like most restaurants in the area. It felt like an Austin restaurant transplanted to NOLA. Service was impeccable, with friendly service and wait staff checking on us without being intrusive. We ordered the Capdeville and BBQ burgers based on recommendations from our waitress. BEST BURGERS EVER!!! The meat was perfect, layered with cheese, onions, bacon, and sauce. We hope to swing by one more time before leaving. Or maybe it will be a reason to come back to NOLA...Live in Baton Rouge and come to Nola weekly. Never been here before and so glad we tried it! Everything was so good. Interesting atmosphere with uniquely amazing food. We will definitely be back!! Louisiana-gourmet(ish)-soul foodGreat food, too bad it's so dark and loud.
Wonderful truffled mac&cheese with crispy prosciutto...good enough to make up for the lousy atmosphere.Checked the menu online... It looked amazing. Great upscale bar food! Unfortunately the food was not quite executed as I had hoped. Oh-well. The flavor lacked the intensity it could have been. The highlights were the poutine (by far my favorite) and bruschetta of the day. I also ordered the pulled pork cakes with grits. The flavor was definitely there but not sure about the concept.  We also ordered the bread pudding which was not very good! We waited for 30 minutes for it but then was disappointed it came in an individual serving with a rum reduction sauce. They also sprinkled sugar on top and torched it. I think they took it a few seconds too far so it tasted per burned.
i would go back for happy hour and maybe for a few apps but I'd probably skip dinner. Cute place and good location. Definitely off the beaten path from the touristy places in the French Quarter.Went in around 9:30pm on a Saturday night. There was a decent little crowd watching the last 5 minutes of the Saints game, but we were able to get a seat at the bar. Service seemed a bit frazzled and was curt, but not rude.
Ordered poutine, which was tasty, but nothing exceptional. I had a Moscow Mule which was fine, but again very average. The standout was the white sangria which was probably the most delicious sangria I've ever had....and I'm a sangria connoisseur (seriously, I used to host Wednesday Night Sangria Club). My only quibble was that it was served in a rocks glass, which given the amount of ice and cut citrus, seems like a stingy drink.
The happy hour menu looked good with a nice selection of snacks and drinks for $4...and it goes until 7pm, which is a must in my book for a solid HH. I will def go back to Capdeville and hopefully be able to throw another start their way.Lovely little place that I want to be busier-maybe it was just the night, or that it is slightly off the beaten tourist track, but we loved everything we had here. On point cocktails, super appetizers, great affordable prices and wonderful service. Big recommendations from our group include the truffle fries, shepherd's pie( perfectly seasoned and mouthwatering minced lamb) and Caesar with actual real anchovies (the frequency with which they are left out elsewhere is inexplicable). Oh, and the key lime pie will not disappoint.Capdeville burger is one of my favorites in the city. Great cocktail list. Don't miss out on the truffle mac and cheese and poutine fries.Restaurant was super noisy. We had to shout across the table. I had the BBQ pork po'boy and the bread was so hard I cut my lip on it. Mac n' cheese was good.Good food, nice atmosphere but completely ignorant and/or homophobic waiter who kept misgendering us and who had to be flagged down made this a place we are unlikely to come back to. Not sure what his problem was but even if he was just a homophobic douche, we still shouldn't have to flag down another waiter to order, get the bill and he got our order wrong.
I liked that it was a quiet street, we were outside which didn't have the best views with a loading dock across the street but it was quiet. Service at least our waiter was painfully slow and incompetent. The hostess and the other server were far pleasanter and they were the ones that actually got our order right and got us our check.
We ordered some cocktails that were all good and assortment of dishes.
We had
Smoked Salmon deviled eggs-the smoked salmon seemed to be missing but maybe it was mixed in the yolk. They still tasted good.
Strawberry and spinach salad.  this was large and fresh and it's hard to mess up and they didn't.
Strawberry and lettuce salad. this is the dish they messed up, didn't apologize for and it took at least 15 minutes to get a new one.
Duck confit club sandwich. On the plus side it was huge, on the minus side it was pretty bland. It desperately need a sauce or spread of some kind, maybe a fruit gastrique.
Fries with parmesan cheese. One the best things of the night. deep fried shoe strings fries topped with way too much melted cheese to ever be healthy.
Truffled mac and cheese. this was disappointing, the mac was overcooked and there was barely any truffle flavour. I think they probably just use a little bit of the oregon truffle oil. Much worse than truffled mac and cheeses I've had in NYC and San Francisco.
Honestly if it wasn't for the either incompetent waiter, I would go back and try more of the menu. It was nice for a late night snack.Food was pretty meh. Drinks tasted good, but presentation was mediocre as they didn't even fill them to the brim. $4 seems like a great deal for appetizers, but you'll laugh at the size of the 3 duck and pear wontons, and the truffle fries were nothing special. Won't be back since quality was lacking, but our server was really nice and helpful!Really appreciated their ability to adapt to food allergies and improvise by combining items from different parts of the menu - helped with my wife's food allergies.  Thanks Mel and Jazz for accommodating from the kitchen, and thanks Gigi for the great service and witty conversation.
Also - the roasted asparagus was _perfect_ - so hard to do right with the thicker stalks.  The garlic aioli sauce is excellent on the burger, and I'm told the smoked chicken with mashed sweet potatoes was delicious too.Food was excellent, and the drinks were refreshing. Loud and a great place for a group of friends.Old school recipes with new twists! Definitely worth a visit.Solid 4 stars. I wish Yelp would allow 1/2 stars as this was definitely 4.5 but not 5. Sorry Capdeville. 
Fried red beans & rice was a unique twist in a staple. Very different and good, although I should have asked for some hot sauce,  but that's just me.
LOVED The blackened fish tacos and sweet potato chips. Not sure about other reviewers saying it was mostly slaw as I had a lot of fish, nicely blackened with plenty of fresh lime to squeeze onto. Just an explosion of taste in my mouth.
Not a big place but really cool vibe, with great wait staff. Very nice bar area too that I could easily come back for alone. 
Solid.It may be pricier than some other places in the Warehouse district, but it's well worth it. The burgers are great and unique, the salads are fantastic, and some of the other menu items like the Pork Cakes were very well made. Go here for the cocktails and leave with a full stomach!
The place has a rock and roll vibe to it with cool decor. Its very loud though so be prepared not to be able to hear friends moan about how awesome everything tastes. 
Enjoy!Mac & cheese had practically no cheese. Waitress was busy chatting with other customers keeping me waiting for 5mins before I asked busboy for some attention.I'm stingy with the 5 star reviews, but Capdeville blew my mind! We were in NOLA for a weekend in June. Wanted to find something easy but good, and after reviewing a few options on Yelp we settled on Capdevile because we wanted good cocktails (not your typical hurricanes and such). We walked in around 8 on a Saturday evening and got seated right away. Score! Opened the drink menu and saw the extensive list of craft cocktails and even longer list of whiskeys... I was in Heaven. The drinks were poured beautifully and arrived quickly. I don't remember what we ordered, but my friend had a blackberry tequila concoction that was outstanding, and I had a whiskey drink similar to an Old Fashioned that was inspired. Now for the dinner menu, our choices were just as exciting. We loved the menu format, too, which was a fashionably "worn" manilla folder with the menu listing simply clipped inside. So simple and clever. Just perfect. Each course featured multiple items we wanted to order! There were three of us, my son, a good friend and myself. We settled on ordering the red beans and rice balls as a starter. My son ordered the ribeye and my friend and I shared the Cubano sandwich, a roasted pear and spinach salad and the truffle mac and cheese. I also ordered the soup of the day, which was a chickpea and rosemary blend. Seriously, y'all... it was all fantastic. The soup was subtle with a velvety texture that is HARD to pull off with chickpeas. The salad - perfection. The sandwich was a very nice Cuban on a yummy roll. My son's ribeye was delicious and cooked perfectly. And I have to add to the enthusiasm about the mac and cheese. This is why you go to Capdeville. Don't you dare even NOT order at least a small dish to share with everyone at the table. I enthusiastically recommend Capdeville, and will return happily next time I'm in NOLA!Busy local crowd. Lively but without the tourist nonsense. The truffled Mac and cheese is probably the best Mac and cheese I've ever had with real cheese and crispy bits of meet and fresh peas. The two tomatoes, shrimp and avocado app is truly outstanding, loaded with flavor.There are few food dispensaries I've been to that I'm impressed with enough to write a review but I feel I had to for this. I'm writing this while sitting at the bar actually. Not only was the food top notch but so was the service. After perusing their selection of fine liquors up for offer I decided on a nice bourbon to look over the food menu. I hemmed and hawed at the choices as they all sound sooo good. I settled on the small truffled Mac and cheese and the BBQ pork sliders and boy was I happy. The Mac and cheese was creamy and exquisite but not overkill weighing you down like some Mac and cheeses do. The small serving was enough on it's own as a meal but the sliders were a nice compliment. They had nice flavor without being over saturated in sauce. They are served with fried onion rings on top to give a nice crunch and some of the best pickles I've experienced. The service was the highlight to me. Top notch bartending and the food came out fast. The atmosphere is pleasant with the music not too loud and an upscale throwback dive bar feel. Definitely casual. If you don't go here while in nawlins I pitty you for missing out!We came fairly late on a weekday and just wanted dessert and they were welcoming. Cool vibe. Looked like a big group there having fun. The bread pudding balls were pretty darn tasty with a crisp exterior.Mehhhhh ..... figured we'd try this place out since my friend saw good reviews on yelp. It was hard to find because the doors to the place were open and the name "Capdeville" was on the doors.  We arrive and the place isn't as trendy as we thought.  It's not a dive bar... but just a small restaurant and/or bar. 
I thought my gin drink was good, I dont remember the exact name, but it had the word lady in it... 
So I was a little disappointed with over all service, not many people in the place so I'm not sure why the service was slow, but I was even more disappointed when I asked about the oyster Rockefeller on the menu and the waitress told me it was a great choice, later to find out they were out of oysters.  Yup, on a Tuesday night in NOLA... out of oysters.   We both ordered fish tacos just cooked differently.  They were okay.  Nothing to rant and rave about.  It was made with drum fish which I've never tried before... like I said, they were okay.  Tried the banana pudding for dessert and it tasted more like roasted marsh mellows then bananas, as the outside crust was burnt/toasted... Not sure if that's how its supposed to be as this was my first time trying it.
Probably wouldn't go back as there would be many other places in the area to try.I don't know why I waited so long to try Capdeville!  Finally gave this place a shot a few months ago, and absolutely loved it.  Had the Capdeville burger, which was phenomonal... gruyere cheese, roasted garlic aioli, crispy onions... it was perfection.  I couldn't help but try their fabled truffle macaroni and cheese, and it delivered on every level.  Rich, creamy, and delicious.  The decor is stunning, the menus are clever and and the service was on point.  They have a creative cocktail menu (try the BlackJack Punch!) and the music is great as well.  In short, great food, great service, great drinks, and a great time!Was turned onto this joint by the NOLA peeps in my twitter feed so when I was looking for a place for NYE dinner that wasn't doing an overpriced menu Capdeville fit the bill. We had a party of 7 and made reservations through OpenTable. There were a few large parties just finishing up when we arrived so we did have to wait a little, but that was fine.
Lots of menu options - they do have daily specials in all categories. I ordered the short ribs - they were cooked perfectly and came with greens and polenta. I also ordered the poutine to share with a friend. I could have done without the poutine as my main was more than enough food.  (Now I know.) A few of my friends ordered the mac-n-cheese (highly recommended by all). 
Overall, everyone was happy with what they ordered and our bill was totally reasonable. Service was great and we definitely dug the vibe. Capdeville is officially on my NOLA restaurant rotation.This was the fourth time I've been to Capdeville and the reason I chose this spot tonight is because I had such good experiences the three times prior. Each of those three times the restaurant was WAY busier than it was tonight. I have no idea what has happened in the last year, since the last time I went there, but the service was simply awful this evening. 
When we walked in, there was a girl at the door that we assumed was the hostess. We told her our party was five and we wanted a table. She said no tables were ready, even though there seemed to be multiple tables ready. We said we would get drinks at the bar while we waited for our fifth person.  We sat at the bar for about ten minutes and absolutely NO ONE that worked there acknowledged our presence. I've been a server. I know servers. EVEN if this restaurant was in the weeds, you STILL turn around, make eye contact, nod and say "We'll we right with you," or "we're super busy but just wanted to say hi and welcome you." Nope. Nothing. And they weren't even remotely busy this evening. 
We had a few drinks at the bar and while we were sitting there, the "hostess" sat a couple at one of the tables that weren't open when we walked in. Another server said they were waiting for a few reservations to leave so they could seat us. Wha??? There were OPEN TABLES. In fact, the table they sat us at was open when we walked in the door. I had to ask the "hostess" to seat us at a table again. 
During the course of our time at the bar, one server said "We don't have assigned roles here." Well maybe you should. My friend didn't like her drink and ordered a new one. When the bartender asked her if she didn't like it, she said there was too much of one ingredient in it. He replied, "yeah, we get that a lot." WELL THEN CHANGE THE DRINK OR DON'T SERVE IT.
I asked why everyone that worked there was wearing band t-shirts and was replied with a snotty, "well this IS a rock and roll gastropub." First, there is NOTHING rock and roll about this place. Second, a band t-shirt is still personal flair, no matter how many hipster restaurant cliches you use.
Lastly, when we got to our table, we ordered multiple plates of mussels. The first two were delicious. One of the last two tasted a little off. When my friend told the server this, she snottily said, "wow. okay. I've never heard that. I'll let the CHEF know." She then handed the plate off to another employee whom walked ahead of her with the plate, completely unaware that we had said the mussels tasted off.
Last year when I went to Capdeville, the service was impeccable. Last year, the average age of the servers was not twelve years old. I exaggerate, of course. Tonight, they were extremely young, and didn't really seem to care about serving their customers. Everyone has an off night in the service industry, but these kids just didn't give a shit. 
I gave two stars because the food was WONDERFUL. I didn't eat a mussel that was "off." Everything was delicious and super affordable. I expected more from the serversCap was closed but the door was open. I'm an existentialist this afternoon. An open door means "open" so I acted on the opportunity to order a beer. Apparently the bartender, Matt didn't mind. 
The beers are local and the street reminds me of Philadelphia, tree lined, cool and shady on this warm spring day in early April. A gorgeous afternoon to relax in the open air. This street is off the beaten path and a perfect repose from the glassy eyed tourists.Was here on a business trip and stumbled upon this hidden gem two blocks from my hotel. We sounds like a record on repeat, but... I have no choice but to echo what everyone else has said: truffle mac is to-die-for. The portions are huge, so I opted for the appetizer size. Was more than enough for an entree for one, but I'm kind of wishing I'd ordered the large size so I'd have leftovers for later!Wife and I went while in town for a wedding. I was drawn in by the fried red beans and rice, and those were quite good. Super crispy outside, decent beans inside, and the remoulade was excellent. Great selection of craft beers. Entrees were just OK. She had the fried green tomato poboy, I had the chicken and waffles. Poboy was good, but in NO you can definitely do better elsewhere. Chicken and waffles came with a hot-sauce-infused syrup, which was neat, but where otherwise unremarkable (chicken could have used a little more seasoning).
My drink, however, was excellent. I had a very good take on a milk punch - creamy, sweet, and definitely punchy. 
We went for a "light" lunch (in New Orleans terms) and a drink before the wedding, and it was great for that. I'd recommend mostly for appetizers and drinks. I may have made a poor selection entree-wise, but just wasn't that impressed.I'll be honest...I'm a sucker for comfort food.  I think the Capdeville menu may have been constructed with me in mind...
The location is wonderful for just before a night out or just after a Wednesday on the Square.  It's versatile enough to be a quick hangout with friends for beers or a big group birthday dinner.  Beer and wine selections are great although I'm not 100% enamored with the signature cocktails.  They have a wide enough selection of liquors that the traditionals (Old Fashioned, G&T, etc) should come out just fine.
As for the food, just about every bite ought to be savored.  I hands-down recommend the fried red beans & rice for appetizers.  It's a fun take on a tradition NOLA dish. And then there are the burgers and fries. Yikes! The kitchen does a great job with juicy, flavorful patties. And the fries? You'll find yourself wishing they were as replenish-able as Olive Garden breadsticks.
The waitstaff get a little overwhelmed in busy evenings, but it's such a jovial place, I've always been happy to spend the evening there. That said, it's not somewhere I'd go to grab a quick bite anytime after 6pm.This is a good spot - high end comfort food and plenty of craft beer available (a.k.a. this generation's version of a diner). Service was slightly amusing; our server was very young and apparently unaware of how her world-weary attitude could be hilarious to persons older than herself.Happy hour has pretty good prices, but the cocktail list is limited. Id return again to try there food. It was a nice n quite spot to get a drink and catch up with some friendsThe fried red beans and rice are a must! Not your typical greasy, salty fried food. They were done perfectly! If you're lucky enough to be here while the cassoulet is on the menu... Get it!This may have been my favorite meal the entire weekend I was in NOLA.
My cousin and I came in to grab a quick lunch. We both ordered the fried green tomato and shrimp Po boy, with a side salad. They make almost all their dressings in house, and I ordered the charred onion vinaigrette. 
Everything was fabulous. The Po boy wasn't greasy at all; the shrimp were fresh and the accompanying sauces were a great addition. The dressing on the side salad awesome. It had a great char flavor, which I found to be really unique for a salad dressing. 
This is an easy place to miss, but my advice is, don't pass it up!The menu on Yelp is not updated. I got a "smoked" pork chop which I had to send back it was so dry I couldn't cut it. 2nd try just as bad and the root vegetables were awful all I could taste was vinager. The only good part was JessicaWe dined on a Saturday night after catching some Jazz on the quarter. Ambience was pretty loud but annoyingly the excellent Juke box was not quite loud enough to drown out conversation! I had the steak frites which was very good and excellent value. Service was ok.I love this place! Anytime anyone wants to get me out of my house all you have to say is meet me at Capdeville and BOOM my pants are back on.  I love the mac and cheese and the fries as I am a sucker for comfort food with a grown up twist. It's the same great flavor you would expect but they dress it up a bit to please your more mature pallet. I got the vegetarian sandwich which was very flavorful and satisfying.The ambiance is great.
The servers are great.
The food is mostly great.
We dropped in for dinner and there was no wait. We ordered the crab dip (appetizer), shrimp/chorizo tacos, capdeville burger, truffle mac & cheese (side), and the truffle fries (side). Everything was delicious, but the fries were average.
I would definitely come back again! This place would be awesome for a chill hang out or a classy date night.Late night  grub after casino visit because it was one of the only places open....WELL WORTH THE WALK! Thanks to the GPS for helping us find it....I think the sign was taken down by the city or something.....plus we needed a lil' help at that hour.
Food: Meat Pies with chimichurri sauce were excellent! Poutine Fries ROCKED with mozzeralla cheese curd and au poivre! Duck Confit Club was delicious, duck was cooked perfectly! Plus it had duck crackling!
I could eat that meal again for lunch, dinner, late night grub fest!....Saints Pre-Game Meal??? Whenever!
Service was great! Friendly, even at that late hour!We found Capdeville via Thrilist (best under the radar burger joints in New Orleans) and thought we'd give it a shot. No regrets! The alligator corn dogs are so delicious, it took great restraint not to go for a second helping. For entree, I ordered the Duck Confit Club sandwich and my friend ordered the Capdeville Burger. Healthy portions and phenomenal taste. My only complain is that fries were a separate order - come on, fries should come with the burger! Tasted very good though - best I've had in New Orleans. Definitely qualifies as best under the radar.Solid 3.5 stars. Read lots of reviews before going here and it lived up to my expectations both good and bad. I visited on a Thursday night with my coworker.
It would have been hard to locate had we not read reviews and seen photos. There's no signage. The atmosphere was nice and we were sat fairly quickly.
We were presented with menus and a list of specials. I ordered the seafood risotto and got the truffled Mac and cheese for an appetizer. 
The food was fantastic. The service however was lacking. My water never got refilled during the entire meal and it took over 15 minutes to get the check after we asked. Then another wait until she took our cards to run them. It took over 30 mins in total just to pay and it was only two of us and not that busy.
Good food with blah service.Great casual spot with a small but solid draft choice and super food. Our group was in for the NO Bowl and wanted something outside the Quarter but not hole-in-the-wall and Capdeville fit the bill. Food was tasty- we started with the alligator sausage corn dogs and the group's choices ranged from a salmon salad to the tacos and I had the parmesan chicken. All solid choices, I'd definitely go back.Had dinner with a few friends tonight at Capdeville. I love the atmosphere here. I always run into people I know and we just have a great time here talking. Its truly a cool spot.  I love the burgers here! I had the Capdeville Burger tonight. Au Poivre Sauce, Crispy Onions, Bibb Lettuce, Gruyere Cheese, Roasted Garlic Aioli = Yummy goodness. I absolutely enjoyed this sandwich along with their tasty well seasoned fries that I could sit there and eat for hours. 
Staff was friendly and great! I love this place.Nice cocktails, good service. We often shut the place down and they never pressure you to leave even if its past closingSimply put, serving any whisky, specially Bowmore whisky, in a plastic cup is unacceptable.  We asked for glasses we were told that they could not provide us with glasses, plastic or nothing, they said, because we could not take them outside. We told the bartender we would stay put at the bar. We just wanted two Bowmore neat and then go. The bartender held up the bottle and the plastic cups and said, "are you going to have them or not?"Inconsistent describes this place. I had the tempura oyster Bahn Mi, which was outstanding, but the rest of our food was a huge disappointment. The truffle fries managed to be burned AND soggy at the same time, and had no truffle flavor to speak of. My husband's country-fried steak was incredibly tough and chewy, although the purple potato mash with it was quite good. They have some good ideas, and the place has a good atmosphere, but every order will be a gamble on quality and flavor.A good friend who's a local attorney recommended this place to me as having his favorite burger in new orleans. our party had the burger as well as the steak frites and a couple of still cocktails at the bar. great service, nice atmosphere. a welcome respite from the din. it wasn't that crowded for a saturday night as i think it does better weekdays with the work crowd. if you are visiting the city, make the short walk from your hotel. good for kids, too.The formula for Capdeville is a simple one.... good food + good drinks + good music + good atmosphere = good time.
The menu reads like high-end bar food with their pulled pork sliders, Manchego La Mancha Burger and an entire section devoted just to FRIES (I highly recommend the Chorizo & Manchego Fries).
There's a full bar to keep you plenty busy, but their specialty cocktails are definitely worth the taste. My favorite is Jacks Black Lemonade.
I mention the music because they have an amazing jukebox that will accommodate almost anyone . Whether your tastes lie with Buddy Holly, Lil Wayne, or anywhere in between.
 Lunch. Dinner. Drinks. Meeting spot. Whatever. I have felt as comfortable there with jeans and a T-shirt as I have when I've worn a ball gown. 
It's one of those places that can be anything you want it to be.Stopped in here based on yelp reviews and ran into a friend who lives in NOLA and says this is his neighborhood bar. He has good taste, so I will take that as a ringing endorsement.
I had the poutine and several happy hour priced Tom Collins. All very good. I would go back if in the area to try more, but given how many places there are to eat, this might stay in the "place to grab a drink before going to dinner" category.
Was there at 630p on. Tuesday and it was full but not overflowing. Service was reasonably paced and pleasant.I keep thinking I like this place more than I actually do. My memory seems to be colored by their New Jack City, a delicious cocktail made with blackberry-infused Jack Daniels. As far as the food, though...eh. 
As a vegetarian, there aren't too many options, and they tend to be both overpriced and underwhelming. I've gotten the grilled cheese and tomato fennel soup before - the grilled cheese was pretty standard, and the fennel in the soup was refreshing at first, but a whole bowl of it just didn't have enough complexity to continue being interesting. Service at the bar tends to be friendly and fairly quick, but at the tables, it can be very uneven.
I really want to give this place more stars because the drinks are good and the bartenders are nice. And it's not like there are a ton of moderately priced options in the CBD. I'll give it another shot if they add some more vegetarian entrees to the menu.This place is phenomenal! From the staff to the food to the service! There is a electric vibe from the music and decor. You have to try the Truffle Mac & Cheese, Red Bean Balls, etc... They also have the best burgers in the city! They just changed the menu and the Fried Softshell Crab is just incredible!  The owner is usually on site and a nice guy! Do yourself a favor and visit.The menu here is wall to wall great. Not your typical New Orleans food ie. crawfish,oysters,po boys. Burgers are fantastic, get a friend to order a  different one so you can share. Beer selection is awesome, bolstered by the fact that they had Nola beers which I hope someday puts Abita into obscurity. Capdeville will be on my list of must visits every time I come back to New Orleans.What a nice surprise in the Central Business District. This place seems somewhat tucked away. Nice decor, and good ambiance at night.  We came here for a late Birthday Dinner. The Truffle Mac & Cheese was full of flavor ! I still can't recall at this moment, what else I ordered as my Entree because the Mac & Cheese made such and impression. I know it was a daily special & I do recall that I fully enjoyed it. I did not have a drink here, as I had already had my limit for the day, LOL.very cool bar. love that bourbon drink, infused with orange blossom water.Awesome service, good food and great music. Fantastic first  experience, won't be the last.  The white bean soup with spinach was really great but the Blood Sland drink which is Scotch based was an instant classic for me.  My friend from Chicago who was in town agrees, awesome place. Ty Capdeville, I shall return.Got the duck confit club. So good. Te duck is cooked perfectly and so flavorful. The fries, though, are not up to expectation. Overall a good experienceThis restaurant is located in an alleyway off of Lafayette Square and was a little hard to find but, after we ate we both agreed that it was well worth the hunt.
Upon entering we were greeted by a nice gentleman who was the bartender and seated us.  There was not many customers in here because we learned that the football game was on so, everyone was in traditional bars.  Our waitress came over and went over the menu with us and gave us some time to breathe while she got our drinks.
This place puts an artisan style twist on regular menu items.  I had the Focaccia BLT without a side of fries and Eric had Capdeville burger with fries!  The bread on my BLT added a great balance of flavor to my sandwich with bacon, micro greens, creole tomatoes and sundried tomato aioli.  I didn't try the burger because there wasn't any left so, enough said there.  I did however get to taste some of the fries and they were equally as good as my sandwich.  It was a little on the more expensive side for lunch but, well worth it.  Both of our main meals were $12.00 each and the fries were $3.50!  The sandwich was enough for me but, if you have a bigger appetite, I would suggest ordering the fries!
I always love going into a place and not knowing what to expect, because some places really try hard to blend flavors to the point where it's just too overpowering, and walking out glad that I took the chance.
If you are near Jackson Square and are looking for a place that you can get a classier sandwich at, this is the place!This place makes me think of the intro to Mozart's Eine Kleine Nachtmusik humming the intro with the words "nom nom nom... "  Vague musical references aside, this place is solid.
Located on the same street it is named after, you might miss it if your contacts are blurred.  Step inside and you'll find an intimate setting with a mix of rockabilly type decor on one end and a bit of modern yet retro decor on the other?  I don't know how to describe but you're not eating the decor are you?
The food is amazing!  Had salmon deviled eggs.  Salmon.  Win.  Eggs.  Super win!  Pork cakes were served with gritz.  Gritz were super creamy and went really well with the pork cakes.  The winner of the meal for me was actually a condiment - the smoked chili ketchup.  The kick on it was out of this world!  It made the fries that came with the steak frites entree have this kick that can't be replicated.  The steak was very well cooked and does well with the blue cheese crumbles it is served with.
NOM NOM NOM... NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM!!!Not super impressed with this place.  The decor was dingy and lack luster.
The menu was small and not very appealing.  The drink I had was a bit too sweet.  They were out of Oysters at 6pm on a Tuesday...really? Fish tacos were decent although the corn tortilla wasn't my favorite.  Based on some reviews, I tried the bread pudding. It wasn't very good. The top was burnt and you could taste it.  There was nothing special about it. Just some toasted bread drenched in rum sauce with a few sliced bananas.
There are better options than this place.Plastic cups +Scotch = No Bueno
The feebleminded bartender proceeded to serve scotch into a plastic cup; when asked to use glass instead. She insisted on plastic. She even made the remark "so you want it or not..." While holding the plastic cups and bottle.Incredibly loud and somewhat disorganized bar/restaurant that shouldn't be missed.  The fried red beans and rice is an awesome appetizer, with 3 tasty sauces.  The mac and cheese appetizer is huge, even the smaller option,  Not too cheesy, but strong garlic and salt from the pancetta.  
The rosemary gimlet cocktail was delicious, especially at less than $7 a pop.  
Crowd looked like younger crowd - 9pm on Wed.Intimate venue but not fussy, food is sophisticated but not pretentious. Must try the brussel sprouts and shrimp tacos :).Was in town on business this past week and made two visits to Capdeville... cause it was just that awesome! 
Initially I was drawn in by their menu and love for whiskey. I went the first time with a co-worker and got the fried red beans and rice and the lettuce wraps for starters. The fried red beans and rice are just awesomeness... something I quickly fell in love with in New Orleans. The chicken lettuce wraps were great too, but I'd say their are better choices... things you can't miss. I'll get back to that in a minute. For my entree I had the steak frites and it was a very good cut of beef, seasoned perfectly and hit the spot. 
I returned a few days later and this time I brought about 10 co-workers with and we feasted! I asked the server to bring one of each appetizer so we could taste everything. Gotta say I loved the ceviche and the oyster mushrooms. We also ordered about 4 different varieties of fries and I had the mayor burger. Great burger, unique and great tasting fries made this a wonderful meal. 
Everyone enjoyed their dinner and we all loved the decor. Capdeville has sort of a discreet location, but it adds to the uniqueness of this restaurant. 
Definitely recommend it if you're looking for something different in New Orleans.If you are strict vegetarian or vegan, there are not a lot of options but the salad they did have - poached pear was delicious.  The poach pears were great when paired with goat cheese, candied nuts and spinach.  I also had the garlic and herb fries, which were also delicious.  A lot of people raved about the truffle mac n' cheese, which you can get without bacon, but I hated it.  I think if you do not like truffle oil, you will not like it.  It had a very distinct flavor of truffle.  Others at the table loved it.  Another person I was dining with had the roast chicken with risotto and really enjoyed it.  Another person had the poutine and found the gravy (au poivre - pepper gravy) found it to be very overwhelming, going from spicy to unpalatable.  The restaurant itself, is lively and fun.  They make craft cocktails, have an extensive beer and wine menu and the service was great.  Again, although they do not have a lot of vegetarian options, I would go back for the salad and ambiance.I never say this about a place, but I love everything about this place.
The first time I came here on White Linen Night, the hostess said there was an hour wait.  My date and I turned to walk away and we hear the hostess chasing us down the street.
"Actually, I can seat you right now, since you only have two."
The second time I came we were seated immediately at a corner booth.  The atmosphere is great for first dates or hundredth dates.  The lights are kept dimmed. The music is everything I like-- White Stripes, Black Keys. The waiters are dressed in black covetable concert tees and look like they haven't seen a razor in 6 months. Ok with me, I dig hipster beards. It just adds to the whole rocker-chic ambiance.  Even the wallpaper is bad ass.  From a distance it resembles french provencal toile-- but look closer and it's a burgundy pattern of tattoo pinups. 
The first and last time I came, I shared truffle Mac and cheese and a hangar steak frites.  The steak was a tender, perfect medium rare and was served up with sauteed shrooms and crispy frites-- perfect for slopping up the steak juices! Truffle Mac and cheese is now on my list of dishes to replicate.  The shells are covered in creamy, white cheese, sprinkled generously with green peas and pancetta(?) or tasso(?).  
The hangar is also served on a salad if you don't want frites. 
Jack Daniels Blackberry lemonade was also delicious and I usually don't like sweet drinks.  
Speaking of sweets, three words: peanut butter pie.  At three bucks, it is a must have. 
In fact, everything at Capdeville is reasonably priced. 
On my last visit-- two entrees, two adult beverages, dessert and on point, noninvasive service was about $50. 
You can't beat it.  Capdeville is a hip, nonpretentious fantastic establishment.  Go and it'll sure to become you're new favorite as well.Due to pathetic service I will never return to Capedeville and I have a feeling many of the other diners at this restaurant felt same.
We  arrived on time for our 9 pm reservation. The restaurant was not particularly busy, there were some empty tables when we arrived ( including one that could fit us) yet we did not get seated until about 9:30. We got a drink while waiting, which also took forever and were greeted with what appeared to be a half glass of wine- which we were later told is their standard 5 oz. pour- weak for a $9 glass of Malbec that probably cost them $9 for the whole bottle. Once we were finally seated we waited another 10 minutes to get a waiter and then what seemed like 15 minutes for a drink. Waters took about 30 minutes. Half the food came out cold and the side dishes came out when we were pretty much done eating. The waiter was smug the entire meal until he presented us with the check and suddenly became friendly, hmmm, I wonder why? 
The restaurant appeared to have no hostess and no manager and it truly showed with the abysmal service received. The place was not very busy, so I can't even really think of an excuse, other than incompetent, lazy employees.
NEVER AGAIN!!Its ok. Not a particular great or well developed menu. The location, look and menu items are attractive, but the food does not beg a return trip.  But the bar gets at least one extra star, it has a cool factor.This place is great.  Worth walking around the parade for.  
Steak frites was good, maybe a little under seasoned.  But the poutine made up for itGreat food. Great selection of whiskey. Fun atmosphere with a music theme. Glad that Yelp helped me find this place. It's a nice place that's away from the business but still close by.
No complaints from me. This is the only spot that I've visited multiple times on my visit.Reservation was set for 9:00 pm after a Pelicans game, we sat down 35 min. later. Weren't greeted by our server for another 10 minutes, and then it took another 10 minutes to bring a bottle of wine. We had to ask three times to before we finally received waters. The server wasn't very friendly, seems like he was just going through the motions. We ordered all our food at once, assuming it would be some time before we would see the waiter again. Appetizer looked as if it was microwaved. Entrées arrived in a timely manner, but the fries were cold and the two additional sides had not been brought to our table. We finished most of the meal as soon as the sides arrived. Desserts nor coffee were offered, not that we would have cared to stay any  longer! I will not dine here again.Fried red beans and rice ball with that sauce was great.  The truffle mac was outstanding. Nice bar area with nice wait staff.  Will absolutely be back. 1 or 2 TVs when I went.After looking thru Yelp reviews my girlfriends and I decided to come for my birthday dinner...  The restaurant was centrally located and a short walk from our hotel (DoubleTree).    Restaurant was located off a Main Street and seemed alil hidden given we were walking at night...   we were pleasant surprised that the restaurant was crowded and nice to be away from the crowds and long waits from restaurants in the French Quarters..   The atmosphere was nicely intimate with lots of mood lighting...   It was just nice to have space and being able to talk and hear one another...    Service was absolutely impeccable and our server had lots of recommendations...  We went with salads and truffled mac & cheese with pancetta and topped with fried oysters!   OMG, the melody in one's mouth when we all ate the 1st spoonful!! We also had the truffle parmesan fries which was delicious!!  I had the Spring Bolognese which was okay...  Girlfriends had the 50/50 burger and duck confit club sandwich which tasted better than my pasta dish!   We of course splurged on dessert and we weren't disappointed!  The peanut butter icebox pie was absolutely the best!!!!Great find. The truffle mac and cheese was a winner. We had it topped with fried oysters. Also a bit spicy but good were the shrimp and chorizo tacos. Add a side of brussel sprouts and all good groups will be represented. We might go back tomorrow!Nice restaurant & great service but the food was not the best.  Soup & grill cheese was cold. Others in our party had to send food back to get properly cooked. Worst food we have had this trip.Service is mediocre at best. Server never knows the menu- what they are out of.  
Food on the other hand- I will put against anyone in the city. The fried chicken sandwich is great. The Mac n cheese and tomato soup are perfect. Just trust me- try it.First, GG was absolutely awesome! Would come back just for her! 
The food was great too. Had the shaved brussel and kale salad - was good, 
red beans and rice -good
soup of the day- chicken peas tumeric- very good, burger- amazing,
 mac and cheese- off the chain, 
fish tacos- great
drinks were well made.Best dinner we had during our whole 5 day visit. Very delectable menu: alligator stuffed chicken, blueberry salad dressing, poutine, wraps, BBQ fried oysters....everything we ate was amazing. The interior is beautiful, dim lighting with a perfectly balanced musical ambiance, with an appropriately attentive waitress. Would absolutely, 100% recommend to all.
Side note, it located between two office buildings, secluded/hidden when you're navigating there!I tried to leave a review and typed like 4958 pages but something went wrong so I will try to be concise this time!
Last time I visited, they had comment cards on the tables so I filled one out. We had a great experience and great meal. Literally the only thing I could "complain" about was the ferret-smell in the bathroom. A couple months ago, in response to my comment card, I received a HAND-WRITTEN note from Maria thanking me for my review & apologizing for the smell. I can't believe they took the time to not only read and respond, but to hand-write it and mail it to me along with a free drink card! Now THAT is amazing customer service with a very personal feel.
So last night I went with my wife. Our server was Savannah, who was super nice and attentive. We took advantage of the $4 Happy Hour specials and split a serving a the duck and pear wontons (serving of 3)--amazing sauce. The duck inside is like a paste which sounds weird but tasted amazing. We also split the deviled eggs (serving of 3)--I was slightly worried about the caviar but it gave the eggs a nice crunch and saltiness. We also each had a Moscow Mule, again only $4 yall. We told Savannah we were going to split the steak frites and when she brought it out, it was on two separate plates. Yessss! Great communication all around. For dessert, we tried the homemade mango sorbet. The texture was a little weird. I think next time we will try the cheesecake!
I had to check out the bathroom...obviously to see if the ferret smell was gone. IT WAS. Now it's like a cinnamon/baby powder mix. So they rectified the only miniscule thing I could have griped about last time. But no one goes to a restaurant for their bathroom. I hope. So even if it was still ferrety, I'd be back. 
Anyway, we will definitely be coming back to try everything else on the menu! This place really listens and adds a nice personal touch. That's the kind of thing that will bring people back again and again.My man friend had eaten at Capdeville right when they opened and his memories were jogged when we passed by on an adventure (read: we were trapped in one way street hell) in NOLA. After we finally reached our destination at the Whitney hotel, we decided to brave the extreme wind and cold and walk the 3 blocks to the warmth of Capdeville. The restaurant itself is small, but welcoming with dark interiors and vintage rock n roll memorabilia covering the walls. You get the feeling that you've discovered a secret place. 
After being seated we were quickly greeted and told that it was happy hour - $4 small bites and select cocktails, beer, and wine. SCORE!  After some thought we tried the Mexican coffee and the Truffle fries to start. The Mexican coffee is a variation on an Irish coffee, with Tequila instead of whiskey and kahlua instead of baileys. It seemed to have nutmeg or something similar, making it slightly perfumey - a taste that I didn't mind but it didn't tickle my man's palate. Instead he ordered a Parish Envie, one of my new favorite local beers, and enjoyed that much more. Just as we devoured the last few mounds of truffle fries - which were delightful by the way - just the right amount of crunch, the SMALL tinge of truffle oil (less is definitely more here, which many restaurants forget) and the delicate bite of cheese, our entree of 50/50 burger with a side of macaroni and cheese arrived. When I took a bite of the half bacon half beef burger with mounds of fresh tomato, pickle, and lettuce on top, I was immediately in love. Cooked to perfect medium, it was juicy and full of flavor, complemented by the crispy bun and runny egg, it's one of the best burgers I've experienced in recent memories. Believe it or not, the meal got even better when I stuck my fork in the macaroni. This stuff is not for the faint of heart, people. Creamy Parmesan bechamel covers the al dente elbow noodles which are then topped with peas, crunchy pancetta, brown butter, and a SLIGHT dash of truffle oil. Amazing. 
Needless to say, we invited friends to share and then, came back later that night. You've got a fan for life, Capdeville!I can't say enough good things about this place! Loved the service, obsessed with the food! Best Mac and cheese I've ever had!!! And I loved the menu options...had a hard time making my mind up because I wanted everything on the menu!Came here when we couldn't decide on what to get at mother's and wanted time to look over the menu without being rushed. So glad we came. The brussel sprouts, mac n cheese, grilled cheese and tomatoe soup, roasted pear salad, and rib eye are AMAZING. Great atmosphere, great staff, great food!!i like this place as a bar but was disappointed with the food.  the menu items sound so good but fall way short of potential greatness.  the fried red beans and rice and meat pies were so promising but in reality were bland and only mediocre - such a let down.  also, the famed truffle parmesan fries were soggy and just not good.  finally, the pork cakes over garlic grits with pork jus should have been heaven on a plate.  it would've come close if served piping hot but it wasn't good at room temp (though i probably waited too long to get to it as appetizers came out at the same time).  when i took home what was left of my pork cakes and heated it up, it was actually pretty good.  my rating is specifically for the bar and pork cakes.We found this place in Yelp during a recent visit to NOLA.  It is tucked away on a small, one-block street, so it feels like you are stumbling upon a local secret.  The atmosphere is cozy and dark, and great for conversation and a relaxing meal.  We enjoyed the poutine (how can you not?!) and my fish tacos were wonderful.  The cocktails were tasty and the service was pleasant and attentive.  We would definitely return!When we entered Capdeville I was impressed with the pub like decor and ambiance.  Being in New Orleans, a town known for it's great food, I was looking forward to a good meal; sadly I was disappointed.  Being nearly St. Patrick's Day, I ordered a Guinness and their 'Beer Battered Fish and Chips'.  When my meal arrived it was barely warm and seemed to have been served it on a chilled salad plate.  That wasn't the only problem.  I expected hand battered fish filets and properly cut french fries; both appeared to be what I could have bought in the frozen food section of a grocery store.  There was more batter than fish on what can be best described as 'fish sticks'.  I advised the wait staff of my disappointment and half expected the chef or manager to come by the table; neither did.  
In all fairness, my dining companions were not disappointed in their meals and the service by the wait staff was good.
If you still go, don't try to order the Smoked Cuban Sandwich.  While it was still on the menu and on their web site, it is no longer servedI'm in town for a tradeshow and travelling solo, so I was looking for something laid back and informal.
I got there around 6:30 on a Monday and while it definitely wasn't full, it wasn't empty either.  Happy hour goes until 7, so that was a nice bonus. (They have $4 drinks and $4 snacks.)
After way too much deliberation, I went with the shrimp and chorizo tacos with a side of mac and cheese (couldn't resist after all the reviews).  Both were delicious!  I'd order either again in a heartbeat.
My server was AWESOME (marsa).  She was so friendly and we had a nice chat where I learned that she had recently moved to the area.  She was so sweet as to write up a list of places for me to try (since I had told her I wasn't from the area).
As a solo diner, sometimes it's a bit weird or awkward but it was a lovely experience overall and I will definitely return the next time I'm in the area.It was just "ok." Ok service (we were ignored for 15 minutes while waiting to be seated). Ok quinoa and greens. Ok fries. Ok root vegetables-wait, the roasted root vegetables were not ok. They were tough and oily. I was appalled by the Girl Scout cookie bread pudding. Really? I guess I'm a purist.I came in here a few months ago when I heard they had a Saturday burger special.  My friend and I shared it and liked it a lot.  Not the best burger I've ever had, but definitely good.  The place was kind of removed from civilization, but service was great and I would return.  Only problem is that it was a little pricey for New Orleans... our burger was $13.50.New favorite place to eat in Nola added to the list. The fish tacos, mac and cheese and shrimp grits were amazing. If I could, I would have ordered everything on the menu. I will definitely be going back.  
The drinks will not disappoint eitherI haven't eaten here yet but I watched the game there on Sunday.  I had the Persephone's Fall, which is St. Germain, gin, egg white, lemon juice and something else to make it pink, maybe pomegranate?  Outstanding.  They also passed out free shots of whiskey every time the Saints scored and while whiskey isn't really my thing, I thought it was a nice gesture.This place is on point! The service, food and presentation is always up to par! I'll definitely return with friends.Quiet little restuarant in the Warehouse District. Food was pretty good and the service, while a little slow, was good as well.first time to nola. this place was great. amazing food great service. if ever visit nola again will eat here.