Come here every time I am in NOLA, nice change of pace from the fried evenings and everything's but today, oh boy slow AF! Total visit almost two hours for a sandwich from order to time of departure. A Saturday, but no excuse. We a party of four, my colleagues finished lunch before I did. The young woman taking the order keep leaving the cash box to do I don't know what. Will I be back? Prob not, unfortunate, high hopes love supporting green venues but...Meh. I get the concept, and even though I'm not a vegan I typically like fresh and healthy options. Here, though, things are just a little bit off. "Tropical" is rarely my number one choice, but if I opt in I hope for a nice balance of sweet, salty, and spicy. Our table ordered three different things, and none of them were balanced. 
As previous reviews have stated, the menu is pretty misleading. I recommend asking a lot of questions, and hoping your braless waitress is not as laissez-faire about explaining as ours was. 
Not a huge fan of the decor either, it aims for modern artsy but falls just a little short. 
And lastly, our bar drinks took almost 30 minutes on a pretty uncrowded night. We were seated right in front of the bar, so could see that though they were muddled soon enough nobody bothered to pour in the alcohol and mixers! In total we were there two hours, which is just too long on a weeknight not by choice. 
Unless you're a hippy with no strong feelings about professionalism in restaurants, this is a pass. With so many great options in NOLA, why bother.I wish I could give this place even more stars. It is sooooo good! Went there while visiting NO. The drinks were delicious. The food was delicious. The servers were friendly and helpful. I enjoyed my vegan meal. The omnivore I ate with enjoyed her meal. We both enjoyed the desserts. It was so good that we chose to eat dinner there again the next day.Fantastic find off the normal Nola cuisine beaten path. Great vegetarian and vegan options.  The Brazilian cheese balls and Roti dish were fantastic!What a delight! The food was so fresh, yummy, and interesting. The staff was so kind and friendly. The decor and ambience was perfect for a casual or even smart dinner. Loved it!One of my favorite restaurants in the NOLAN culinary landscape. From the acarajé pea fritter - amazing to the pâo de qeijo- cheese bread- to die for,  all the way to the caipirinhas which are as good as you get in rio or sâo Paulo. This is the best of the best. Dr Mountcastle approves.FRESH, FLAVORFUL, FANTASTIC!! Thank goodness this place exists.  It is so hard to find healthy food in the south, let alone food to make your tastebuds sing! I personally eat healthy and fresh, but hate when that means flavor is sacrificed. Not the case here!!!! Better than the other highly trafficked, highly rated ( without much reason) places in NOLA. I cook great food at home, so when I go out, I want to be surprised and pleased by my meal. Success on both accounts!
The staff was genuinely warm, inviting, and friendly. You place your order up front, take a seat, and they bring your order to your table.  
We had the Crispin pear apple cider-smelled like gorgeous pear perfume, and my sister raved about it all weekend.  The quinoa salad was perfectly balanced, nutty with quinoa perfectly prepared, black beans for savory flare, peppers for spice and color, some organic baby greens, and a cilantro lime vinaigrette. Some toasted seeds on top for crunch and further flavor. Licked this one clean!! Then the breadless pulled pork sandwich atop plantain with fresh avocado and tomato.  Decor is very island/tropical feel. Worth any amount of walking!!! Wish we would have eaten here the whole time we were in new Orleans because nothing else could compare in deliciousness!One of my favorite places for date night! Parking is street parking but after 7pm, it's free. May have to walk a few blocks if it's peak hours. But that's ok because the restaurant has the best salads in town! My husband and I always get the Carmo salad and the Esmeralda salad. The warm Brazilian cheese bread that's crunchy on the outside and melty on the inside is divine! I can eat a whole plate by myself! The soup du jour is always exotic and flavorful. I love everything on the menu except I was not crazy about the pizza. Prices are reasonable.I got the pork rico. It had a good serving of pulled pork and the plantains were tasty. The salad and dressing were also excellent. The staff were incredibly kind and helpful. It was so refreshing to find a relaxed place with vegetable options and more than fried sandwiches so close to the convention centerDelicious! My family has eaten here twice in one week! Fresh great food! We love this place! Shanna was our waitress and she was friendly and attentive. We'll be back!!Carmo is an absolute delight in New Orleans. If you are tired of getting the not-so-healthy foods that many visitors to the city eat (fried, heavy in butter and oil), absolutely make your way out to this restaurant.
Pros:
+ The kottu roti was insanely good. I'd go back to New Orleans just for this dish, it was that amazing. We were told that you can also special order it with egg, which sounds even better. Wow.
+ The service was splendid.
Cons:
- Both the Salpicão (Brazilian Chicken Salad) and the Burmese Tea Leaf Salad were average to even possibly ehh. I was surprised, given how wonderful the kottu roti was.
I would 100% return to Carmo the next time I am in New Orleans.Light. Fresh. And heartily crafted. In a city full of tasty yet unhealthy food... this place leaves you wanting more just like it! Sooo delicious! Unassuming, but stands out on its own. Try it; you'll see...Wow such a cute and vibrant restaurant with an amazing selection of vegan food on the menu and specials! Everything was cooked, seasoned and presented perfectly and it was a lovely dining experience with attentive servers. 
I enjoyed so much the vegan 'cheese' filled Pao which I will definitely be back for again! The special appetiser of Brussel sprouts was lovely as were the entrees; in fact there was so much to choose from I need to go again and work my way through the menu!I first went to Carmo a few weeks ago and have been looking for an excuse to drag someone back there for a while now. I ordered their special of the day, I believe it was called Haitian Pork Creole, the serving size was rather generous and the two sides that came with it were fantastic. When I finished I felt full, but not uncomfortable (even though I probably ate a little more than I usually do at lunch). The set up for ordering is a little wonky for the first time, but after the fact I'm not entirely sure why my party (myself included) had such a hard time grasping the idea of "order at the counter directly in front of you, give them your name, they will bring it out to your table."
The service was very courteous and accommodating even though we had a somewhat large party (I believe we had 8), we sat down at what we thought was a large enough table and then ended up moving when another opened up and they cleaned it up quickly just for us, even though that meant they had to clean another table we hadn't even really used yet.
For the time being I will continue to dream of their food until I get myself over there from uptown.Decent food, nice server. They don't bring you water automatically, which is fine...but they also choose not to tell you this. Our server was very slow to bring our first round of drinks, then our food came, our drinks were gone, I'm absolutely parched...she finally takes another drink order after we've been eating without any beverages for a solid 10 minutes, which again took forever to fill and in the mean time when I could finally get her attention I asked for water, she explains that unless asked they don't bring water. At this point I've been dying for some water for quite some time, between me asking for water and actually bringing us water she brought another table water, refilled another tables water glasses and still never brought our wine/cocktails. The server was mostly unavailable (but friendly when she was) and then finally, when we've been at the restaurant for 45 minutes, she brought us tiny cups of water which I finished in less than 30 seconds...I was never offered a refill. I mean...come on!?! It was hot, my food was rich, water was needed and it kinda marred my meal, I hate to say it. Seems like an okay spot but the service...Words to describe Carmo: fresh, delicious, light, full of flavor, wonderful!
Five stars for food, service, and ambience. Really a wonderful treat and a break from the norm when you feel all you can get is fried food in NOLA.I am a vegetarian and in NOLA finding Carmo on Yelp was like an oasis in the desert.  I am from the SF Bay Area and perhaps my expectations of service are a bit demanding compared to what passes here.  The service was slow and seemingly chaotic.  The lady taking orders was very pleasant overall.  The food took about 30 min to come.
Food: I got the Esmaralda salad which was both delish with bursts of spice and filling.  And I tried one of exotic fruit juice drinks - I probably should have just ordered a mojito.. the drink was meh.
I would love to go back and try more things on the menu!YUM!! I love the salads here and the drinks are all superb. Pan de Quiejo is alright but the real star is the Esmeralda Salad. The Rico weirded me out because the vegan one tasted so much like meat... This is my favorite date place.Very cool folks who know how to show some vegan love.  Sit at the bar and order some coconut milk and chill on the tropical vibes from the speakers.Enjoyed a vegetarian dinner in a city where finding great food without meat or seafood is no easy task. Loved the Broken Noodle Salad and the Burmese Tea Leaf Salad. Rounded that off with some Caribbean Banana Cake. May have to go back in a day or so.Fantastic vegan ceviche.  Great Pao de Queijo(cheesy bread).  My father had the kottu and loved it.  I had the Rico with veggie option.  Vanessa was Wonderful.  Restaurant is beautiful. People are great.Ive eaten here several times and almost always left satisfied with my meal. They are pretty food flexible when swapping out items and one of the few vegan restuaruants in the area.  Their specials have proven to be the most delicious things on the menu. 
They are very green friendly too, if you het your order togo the utinsles are even biodegradable.Carmo is AMAZING. There were a few vegetarians in my group, and they were also amazed at Carmo. It's very difficult to find veggie-friendly options in NOLA, but Carmo is the best. My vegetarian friend also went to Green Goddess but had a more difficult time choosing between the wide range of veggie options at Carmo. I was able to get seafood gumbo (there was also a vegan option) and the broken noodle salad (pretty much Vietnamese vermicelli dish)...WOW! There are also a lot of great smoothie and juice options as well. If you check in on Yelp, you get an extra 10% off!I was visiting for a conference and was searching for an authentic New Orleans experience that offered Plant Based options.  One of the servers in the bar of my hotel told me about Carmo and low and behold, when I looked it up on Yelp, I already had it bookmarked, so I was in!  I went the following day for lunch and it was amazing.  I took a carnivore friend and she enjoyed it equally.  The gentlemen who took our order recommended the Rico and that is what we both had, mine Vegan style, her's regular.  The flavors were amazing and everything was fresh.  I am a "foodie" even though plant based and I have to say, this is one of the best plant based dishes I've had to date.  
I tried another Vegan spot in the area that night for dinner and was completely disappointed.  Carmo is the place to go, Vegan or not!This place is amazing!!  The vegan options are phenomenal--for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  I totally recommend the vegan pao (Brazilian cheese bread), the Rico "sandwich," and the Pan con Chicharron (on the breakfast menu).  I was recently at a conference in New Orleans and managed to eat at Carmo's three times in five days because it was SO AMAZINGGGG!The only place I had the chance to eat at during a short trip in NOLA. Amazing food... Literally everything was incredible.This is one of my favorite restaurants, in life, period.  The food is unique, fresh, and memorable. The last time I was here before today was almost 4 years ago and I still remember my whole meal because it was that good. I returned today and was wowed again.
Their special was bacalao. I grew up eating bacalao and I cook it all the time so I was nervous to see how a restaurant cooks it since it isn't a common dish. I was blown away. It was delicious and they completely added their own spin on it. The salted cod was not salty and instead of pairing it with rice, they used potatoes. I loved it. I also had the Peruvian ceviche. I also eat and prepare ceviche all the time. This was the best ceviche I have ever had. I say this with 100% confidence. I have never had a better ceviche. My mouth waters thinking of it!!!
The cheese bread is also amazing. 
I think the price is parallel to the quality. The food quality is excellent here. Their service is also amazing. I'm just continuously impressed with CarmosEating my way through New Orleans. Yes...there is vegan food in NOLA!! I love discovering new and different places to eat when I travel. This place had plenty of vegan options with LOTS of flavor!! I ordered the vegan Rico plate, Pāo de Queijio (cheese bread, vegan for me!) and the freshest, sweetest Mango juice. I wanted to dive in it head first!  My tummy is full and happy!!
.
.
.
.
.
.
#carmo #neworleans #nola #vegan #getinmybelly #bec #ontour #foodie #fatty #traveleats #vacation #livelifelivingA mainly vegetarian eatery that combines unpretentious charm with really good food. The rum-smoked yellow fin tuna is worth the trip on its own, but Carmo has great soups and salads, too. Try the broken noodle salad; I have never had a fresher, better composed salad than this dish. Don't miss the interesting cocktails, either. Now all I have to do is figure out how tuck the entire place into my suitcase and smuggle it back to Miami. :DThey seated us across from a woman who had vomited on herself and was passed out. We informed staff that we weren't ok with the seating as the woman began to vomit on herself again.  The manager asked us to give him 5 minutes so they could seat us somewhere else.
We went outside to discuss if we still wanted to eat at the restaurant and why they hadn't removed the woman.  Before we could make a decision, the manager came out and berated us for leaving and not letting him know we were leaving.  He was very angry even though we weren't the ones vomiting in his restaurant.
We might have gone back at some point in the near future, but not now.  It was bad enough that there was a woman throwing up on herself, but to be berated for questioning among ourselves if we were still hungry after what we saw. Wow.  This is how not to handle customers when things go wrong.Shame on the Esmeralda salad.
The full size salad was tiny, unfulfilling, and boring. Flavor was fine, but it was about 1 cup of quinoa with some beans and seeds sprinkled on. Literally 5 lettuce leaves around. Paid ~$13 to Leave starving.
Also, the restaurant was out of the juice i wanted and all 5 empty tables in the front area near the windows were left dirty and unbussed, leaving only the dark back alley to sit in. 
Looks like it could be a good place, but they failed badly on a fri at 2pmGreat food. Great folks. A casual dining room with a super talented kitchen. Not super super cheap but worth every penny. We stayed on the veggie side of the menu but it seems equally well kitted out for omnivores. The Rico sandwich, the broken noodle, and the cocktail with the cashew fruit juice were all outstanding. Enjoyed a Tiger lager from Singapore as well. Ate here twice on our short trip.I had the Esmeralda salad - which was delicious - and Graviola juice. My friend recommended the juice otherwise I never would have tried it on my own. It was mild but tasty. Next time, I'm going back for the Rico.I love them! The food tastes as good as it is presented, and the staff is lovely too! It is a pleasure to savor all the various flavors. I have had the drunken noodle, and the Burmese salad many times by now. It is a must visit when in New Orleans - one of the best vegetarian friendly places not only in New Orleans, but anywhere in the world.Met my college friend who lives in Nola here for drinks. 
First, what a wonderful restaurant with healthier options than gravy fried gravy? I love my roux laden foods, but sometimes a girlfriend gotta watch her figure and be heart healthy. Menu is extensive and offers lots of delicious, substantial salads.
Drinks are great and cheaper than other cocktail bars. Outdoor seating on the sidewalk is great, especially at night when you can chill and people watch in the Warehouse district.
MFresh, light, delicious. Carmo is a welcome change from the sea of fried food and grease that is New Orleans food. The prices are reasonable, the service is kind, and the wines by the glass are excellent. We need more like this in the city!Very vegan friendly and yummy. Also great cocktails, wonderful service, great atmosphere!Cute spot for a bite. I got the Carmo salad which was a bit too much rice for my liking but not bad. The bread less sandwich with pulled pork was much more tasty. Small back bar and reasonably priced cocktails.The food here is quite good and vegetarian friendly. The juices are amazing. We had the rico sandwich and esmeralda both made vegan and it was very good. We also had banana bread for desert which was also good. It was warm but not intolerable as it was August.Great vegan food, can be a bit pricey for the served ammount BUT it is so delicious it makes up for it. They have a very yummy sangria!The fare at Carmo is hard to pin down.  In short, it's pretty good.  Carmo reminds me of a vegan restaurant in that the staff, ambiance and menu is very granola, but they definitely serve meat.  In fact, the special last night was chicken.  So I don't know.  I would say is tropical food.  I'd recommend holding onto the menu after you order, so you can recap exactly what's in your dish.  Our server Drew was very attentive and a totally nice guy.  I think he was also making drinks.  He was a good server and clearly enthusiastic about the restaurant.  I appreciate that.
For apps, we had the tiradito and the quinoa/sweet potato fritters.  The tiradito was sashimi topped with a nacho cheese looking sauce, which tasted nothing like nacho cheese.  The slices of fish were a little thick and the fish was slightly lower in quality than what I expect for sashimi.  Still, the sauce helped although the color was off-putting. I'll pass next time.  Fritters were tasty and served with aioli (probably was not aioli).  Fritters were a solid 3/5.
Shari V and I split a mid course of heirloom tomatoes.  Two types of heirlooms thinly slice and served with a dressing, which tasted tomato-based.  It was decent.  
Carmo came alive for the entrees.  I had the Kottu Roti.  It was labeled as Sri Lankan street food.  I was sold.  I know nothing about Sri Lanka.  Now I know they have awesome street food called Kottu Roti. For a long time, I thought Blanka from Street Fighter was from Sri Lanka.  He is not.  Back to the dish.  It was fried flat bread with lots of peppers served with curry on the side.  Curry was at first sweet with a subtle spicy aftertaste.  
I was very impressed with my entree so we ordered a slice of banana cake for dessert.  That was also excellent.  Carmo started off slow but finished strong.  I had no idea what to order at Carmo.  The menu was foreign to me.  It was a fun dinner with a few wins.  We will repeat but probably not making any special trips.Delicious, imaginative dishes, great service, and cool vibe. Our experience at Carmo could not have been better. Highly recommended!Awesome spot for a light, fresh meal in the CBD area - especially for lunch. Unique menu with interesting Latin American flavors. Favorite dishes I've ordered there are the Rico (plantain party with pulled pork) and the Carmo Salad that comes with this amazing mango vinaigrette. Also, my vegan friends love this place for all the different yummy dishes they can eat here.My Friend and I wanted to Give Carmo a Try because It was only maybe 3 to 4 blocks from our Hotel.So we figured why not do it on our last day before heading to the Airport for our flight Home.Granted the food was good,but the service itself is left to be desired.The whole ordering Process got our head spinning .First , you have to go to the Counter and grab your glass of water,than you need to proceed to the cashier with your menu in hand and point to the meal of your choice,after this process you now return to the table that you are assigned to and wait indefinitely for your food.I had to wait 25 minutes for our Bowl of soup and another 20 for our entrée.Thank God we were not pressed for time otherwise we could have not stayed.Though our food was flavorful and all I do not think that we would go back if or when we visit NOLA once again.I love this spot! It has a ton of vegan options but also good for your meat eating friends. Between my girlfriend and I we shared three dishes and we loved each one of them. The vegan ceviche was particularly phenomenal to me. The bartender was very attentive and suggested ways we could enjoy our dish more authentically. There is a Latin American vibe to the place and I want to say it is mostly a Brazilian style spot. At least it started that way. We will be back!Amazing food and juices. Please try everything you have a chance to try I was fortunate enough to do so and enjoyed it all. I did eat there 3 or the 4 days I was in Nawlins. I high recommend, also make sure you make a  reservation because it can get full and require a wait.So disappointing. We had high hopes after seeing a long line out the door during lunch, and all the stellar reviews. We arrived slightly early for a 7:45 dinner reservation and found confusion, a bit of discord and general messiness. After waiting to get the hostess's attention, we discovered that our table was not ready -- no problem since we were 20 minutes early, so we went to the small bar in the back of the restaurant. There we found a nice but overworked bartender who was very focused on her work but didn't notice us. After 10 minutes a few people left and we took seats at the bar, jockeying for space among trays, condiments and glasses. The drinks were good and the bartender friendly, once she got to us. The hostess, however, forgot about us, and that was the theme of the evening. I went to check on the status of our table  (now 15 minutes after our reservation time), and she had no memory of us or that she had sent us to the bar. Ten minutes later we were seated, and waters poured and orders quickly taken. Then....nothing. 20, 30, 40, 50 minutes .. no food (we ordered salad, starter and mains). . . And worst of all, no communication. No updates, no "here's some bread while you wait" -- nothing. An hour in I found our server, who promptly blamed the kitchen. No ownership of the situation. Five minutes later the manager (owner?) came out with our mains, and apologized for the tardiness. No salads, no starter-- oops! He took the mains back and promised to re-make them, while he got the salads and starter. He blamed a rush of conventioneers and kitchen no shows. I get it...but this place is a few hundred yards from the Convention Center. Isn't a lot of foot traffic a good thing (and the norm)? Net net, the food was pretty good, although when the mains re-emerged, they were lukewarm. 
Advice to management: please pay attention to details, and communicate with your patrons. Also, clean the place up a bit--wires on the floor, waste bins overflowing with trash, generally not clean.So I thought this was a fancier place than it was but they did not disappoint me or my date at all.  They had a large selection of juices and most of them were once neither my date nor I had ever tried.  I came up with the idea of sampling all of them and the staff made it happen.  We enjoyed a juice flight while we waited on dinner.  
Dinner was excelent.  And at the end we decided to get their dessert which was a blueberry chocolate chunk brownie.  I would recomend this place to anyone without any hesitation.Loved this place. Great options for vegans and carnivores alike. The food is delicious, interesting, and beautifully presented. The vegan rico alone is worth the trip.Favorites salpicao and banquette w havarti.  Service is good and staff are friendly just don't go during lunch rush. Plan and call ahead.  It's a popular place in warehouse district so do takeout if you don't have a lot of time.i love this place. i have been to new orleans about 4 times in the past 3 years, and i was a little over the new orleans food.  the food at carmo was so much lighter, than the typical food you will find in NoLa, yet it is still very filling.  I loved their cupuacu!!! i also like that they are environmentally and socially conscious and feature dishes with information about their origins.This place is so great. We wanted a break from the filling southern food for a few days and I wish I had known about it earlier. Fresh food. LOTS OF GREEN options and friendly wait staff. Pretty casual but super cute environment. Will be back next year.Café Carmo is a South American eatery on the Arts District area of Atlanta, near many of the city's museums. While lunch is ordered at the counter, the restaurant is pretty good sized and I expect that dinner may be served at the table. The staff was friendly albeit a bit impatient with someone who was unfamiliar with their menu and had very hungry children.
We ordered as Esmerelda Salad, which was romaine and spinach topped with quinoa, black beans, corn cotija, and cilantro and drizzled with chile lime vinaigrette.  I was disappointed by the salad - the quinoa was underseasoned and added nothing to the salad.  The vinaigrette had no detectable flavor.  It was not a bad salad, it just was not worth the special trip.  We also had the Cambodian Coconut Seafood Soup.  It was a yellow coconut curry soup with bell peppers, onions, tomatoes and not a single piece of "seafood."  It had only dry chicken.  I liked the broth and the veggies, but the chicken left a lot to be desired and it should not be called "seafood."  B had the Rico, which was grilled plantain topped with pulled pork, avocado, salsa fresca and "Rico" sauce and was served with mixed greens in a mango vinaigrette.  It was the best dish at the table.  The meat was tender and well seasoned, and the griddled plantain was a nice base.  The sweet and tangy vinaigrette on the greens was far more interesting than the vinaigrette on our salad.  The LOs each had a "Banquette Bread," which is an Armenian flatbread.  C's as plain with Havarti cheese and scallions.  B was the "Creole" one with tomato, peppers, onions, Havarti and shrimp.  These were both interesting in that they were thin Armenian crisp breads that were light and flakey.  I also liked these.  I would give the soup and salad 2 stars and I would give the Rico and the plain flatbread 4 stars.  I would give the Creole Flatbread 3 stars because the shrimp were about the be funky. B is not as particular, but I thought they were fishy.
Overall, we were better off eating here than the restaurant in the World War II Museum that we were visiting, because it was no doubt more expensive and it had a significant wait.  Otherwise, Carmo is not worth the trip.Holler at ya Rico sandwich y'all!  It's freaking delicious, even at room temperature (my fault, more on that later!).
So, I was a bit mournful about how all these intriguing vegan joints seemed to have sprouted up all over New Orleans almost immediately (for dramatic purposes) after my departure from the city.  Carmo was near the top of my "must try" list, so I opted to place a pick up order around 2:30 p.m. in order to ensure I had adequate time to drive from the Quarter into the CBD.  
Fail.  Huge massive fail.  How could I have forgotten how impossibly unnavigable the French Quarter can be with seemingly random road closures and congested traffic.  So of course I spiraled into panic mode and one of my misguided detours trapped me behind of the horse-drawn carriages (which by the way, please don't ever patronize those horrendous things - not only do they clog up traffic - the animals are very badly maintained!  /end soapbox rant).  I actually called Carmo to beg them not to close at 3 p.m. because I had been delayed. They were perfectly okay with that.  
The verdict is - the Rico sandwich was in fact quite good - even though the faux pork (seitan, I believe?) had cooled to room temperature due to my own negligence - it was delicious.  Nicely chewy and flavored with some sort of awesomeness that probably pairs well with actual pork meat, but also played well with wheat meat.  The avocado and spring mix were still perfectly fresh and complemented the "pork" very nicely.  I was careful to slowly devour the Rico, as I was mindful that I would likely not be able to enjoy such tastiness once I left New Orleans.   
So why not five stars?  Well, I did feel the banana cake was a tad too oily and wet.  It was definitely robust with the banana content and super moist, but it the nearly transparent condition of the butcher paper it was wrapped in was slightly disconcerting.All around really incredible restaurant. Service was prompt and helpful. They had a water station so if you had a water bottle, you can fill up on cold water. The Rico was delicious and each ingredient stood out. I am excited to go back and check out more of their vegan options.I dig the vibe, and the staff are friendly and inviting, but my food (the Broken Noodle Salad) was disappointing. The description had my mouth watering (citrus chili ginger vinaigrette!), so I ordered a large. Although the textures were good and the ingredients fresh, the taste was somewhat one dimensional given the description, with no heat and only a few nuts and small (about 1/4 inch) tofu cubes to provide sustenance. I ended up returning to the conference I was attending hungrier than when I walked in the restaurant's doors and lined up to place my order.So delicious! Great vibe and a fun spot for lunch. We had the Rico and the banana/cinnamon banquet bread. Great service staff and seriously delicious food. Whether you're vegetarian or not, this place is worth checking outFood is amazing, great unique flavors! Great ambiance and service. Must get the cheese balls!I had possibly the most delicious salad of my life.  Normally salads are what I eat when I'm trying to be healthy, and I end up settling for the less exciting thing on the menu.  Here I had the Carmo salad which had greens, rice, pineapple, ham, raisins, almonds, avocado, and many other things I can't remember but thoroughly enjoyed.  
Also, we shared this pizza-like dessert that was puff pastry with caramelized bananas and havarti, it was to die for.
Service was slow, but the food was definitely worth the wait.  I would love to come back and try some of their juices.I never knew I could love vegan food so much until now!  I absolutely love Carmo and I'm not even vegan or vegetarian, but goodness, their food is definitely making me consider it!  I've already been here 3 times to try a variety of the items on the menu.  They all sound ridiculously amazing!  It's even better that it's right down the street from the Bikram Yoga studio that I attend frequently.  So far I've tried the infamous Rico, Carmo Salad, and Yellowfin Tuna salad.  They are ALL incredible!  No complaints whatsoever.  The abundance of flavors from these dishes are mind-blowing.  Being a New Orleans native, a pop of flavor is what I look for in every restaurant I try and Carmo definitely delivers!  Their juices are also must-tries!  The mango has to be my favorite.  So darn fresh!  
Carmo has quickly become one of my go-to lunch spots that offer you phenomenal flavors without being heavy (like many NOLA restaurants).  You can't lose here!  Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!Stopped in for a late lunch bite while visiting NOLA and was greeted with friendly faces and wonderful food. Plenty of great vegan and non vegan options. Carmo salad was the perfect!Being from Boston I wish Carmo would relocate to my home town. I would eat here every day! My order the two times that I was there was the red pepper sauce served with chicken and rice and a green salad with avocado. The fresh organic ingredients and the laid back festive atmosphere was great. The meal wasn't overly heavy or ladened with fat. 
They even had gluten free bread that I chose to ignore over the daily special mentioned above. 
They take your order at the counter after you take your choice of seating and deliver your meal to them then pay at the counter. You can see your meal being made if you wish but I saw no one watching with an eagle eye, trusting is good.
I would be there right now for lunch if I weren't back home in Boston. I miss you Carmo, come to Boston. Please!
Great place I would recommend. Gluten free, Vegan, healthy options are hard to find in combination with each other. I am definitely a fan!Went here last night on a recommendation.  So glad we did!  Great service and excellent food!  Try the Brazilian cheese balls... sooo good!Was REALLY looking forward to this place, and, after reading up on it quite a bit, I thought I knew what to expect, but, alas, I was wrong.
As a table we ordered the Rico (veg), the smoked Tuna sandwich, and 2 broken noodle salads.
The Good: The broken noodle salads were GREAT, with a really great citrus vinaigrette. Sadly, that was 
the 'good'.
The Not so good:
Nothing was 'bad', it's just not all that great.
The 'Rico' was odd, not bad, we ate it, plantains, green leaf lettuce, cheese (which, honestly, did not belong on this dish), avocado, and a sauce w/ pico. This may have been better, had it been on bread, as a real sandwich. 
The tuna, while good. was just smoked tuna salad on what amounted to white bread (menu said sourdough, but, just seemed like kicked up white bread), and, at $11 it just fell flat. It was like school lunch. Sad.
I wanted to love this place, and giving it 3 stars, seems fair. I don't think I'd go back, but, if asked would tell others to check it out. 
Tips: Menu need to be larger, especially at dinner. We left smelling of 'fried', and thats not a good thing. Ordering process is wonky, and, again, at dinner, there should be someone waiting on your table, instead of ordering at the counter.
Staff was SUPER nice, so, thats a plus. I hope the joint does well.Delicious! Vegan options for lunch, dinner and dessert! I have heard great things about it for a while and finally came. Scrumptious latin american vegan dishes available along with meat options.This food was amazing. One of the best meals I've had in a long time.  I had the RICO sandwich, pulled pork on top of fried plantains.  Delicious!Not a "vegan" restaurant, but a restaurant that serves vegetarian, vegan and carnivorous versions of the items on the menu. I had hatch chile soup with smoked hominy and Acaraj for my entree with cajulia to drink. Again, very friendly and knowledgable staff and service. Great to enjoy several items I've never had before.My local fav spot. I always go back in Nola. Food is clean, fresh, and delicious. Vegan, gluten free options available. Best vegan bbq I've ever had with its smokiness and sauces. 
So much Brazilian influence with Louisiana souli was very pleased with my lunch here. i'd definitely go back if i'm in the French Quarter, even though it's several blocks off the 'beaten path'.
the menu had lots of unique, novel items. some things i've never even heard of before!
i wish they had an acai "smoothie", but the vegan rico sandwich was really quite nice. tasted very fresh and felt very healthy. although i'm not sure why they call it a sandwich, it's more of a salad. (they make clear on the menu it's a "breadless, 'fork'" sandwich, so i wasn't surprised, but i just don't quite understand their reasoning.)
very tasty, pretty good value for the price.We have awesome vegan fare in Chicago.  For such a huge meat and potatoes city, a huge counterculture drawn to a plant-only based diet has surfaced to challenge the predominant meat-based mindset and growing waistlines of Chicago denizens.  The restaurants spear-heading the effort have grown to be national icons *cough* Chicago Diner *cough*.  
So coming coming from this metropolis of meat-free, I wasn't expecting much in the way of tasty, vegan fare in the sleepy town of New Orleans.  The first few days of my business trip, I holed myself up in my hotel room eating energy bars and packs of Almonds.Clearly, New Orleans would NEVER have vegan options (please note the missing sarcasm font).  But my dwindling supply of munchies was forcing my hand.  Yelp to the rescue!  
Apparently there ARE vegan options in the city of Jazz, but would it be good vegan food or a plate of processed crap, or worse yet an ice-berg lettuce salad with a tomato and some sliced carrots *cue me going into a fit of vegan rage*?  My hopes were not high, but what was I to do?  So, I dragged my plant-munching butt over to Carmo.   Boy was my mind blown when I tried the food.
The meal was great, the staff was friendly, and the atmosphere was casual.   It was so good, that I went back three times.  THREE TIMES!  And if I find myself back in New Orleans, I will make it four.Whenever in New Orleans we do tend to stuff ourselves with excellent French food, great po-boys, locally made ice cream, heavy breakfast foods with a twist...you get the picture.  But the last visit I decided to forgo the 'eat til we can't eat no more' mentality and instead branch out to include lighter, fresher fare.  Carmo was at the top of the list thanks in part to the idea of fresh juice, carefully source goods and different methods of infusing/cooking.
We went for an early dinner and were told that it was counter service only.  It felt a bit odd for such a place but, hey, we rolled with it.  Alas, it did cause us to encounter issues when it took almost 30 minutes to get drinks since we continually ordered things they were out of.  The problem was the counter person would take our order, go to the bar and then be told 'nope, we're out'.  Then they'd come back to us and it would start all over again.  I understand restaurants, especially ones with a small selection of specialty goods, will run out of product but it was a large group of the already limited selections at 5pm on a weekday.  When I finally got my drink, a rum concoction that I can't remember the name of, it wasn't very tasty at all but I drank it down anyways.
Food - Starter was the Carmo salad.  Mains were Acarajé & the Tuna.  Salad had so many great things in it but they had already dressed it and it was too much.  All of the other flavors were obliterated by the vinagrette.  The mains?  Tuna was one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life.  It melted in our mouths and was perfection on a plate.  The fritter was fine but eclipsed by the other dish.
Drinks - already stated some of the issues and even though I didn't care for my drink it was strong, obviously made with care and was reasonably priced.  I'd try another type next time without hesitation depending on if they have stock.
Decor/Building/Setting - a bit weird/awkward in how it was arranged.  The only 2 top we saw open was crammed between a (faux?) wall extension and another table.  The furniture was horribly uncomfortable. 
Service - lovely!  We left a large tip because we technically had table service even though everything was done at a counter.  She brought food, made an attempt to rectify the drink situation, was funny/witty/cool and ensured all our questions were answered.  New Orleans, like any city, can display some crappy service but Carmo's employees were beyond nice + professional.
Desserts - didn't have any but they do offer a rotating selection.
I'd definitely give this place another try for the service and Yellowfin Tuna but I did have to subtract stars for the $11 salad that was yuck, the lack of choices provided in the juice area and the cramped seating.Ordered the Carmo Salad, Esmeralda Salad, Rico Sandwich, and Maqaquito for take-out. The Carmo Salad was excellent, has amazing taste, and great texture. The Esmeralda Salad was good, has great texture, and very healthy like the Carmo. The Rico Sandwich was great, unique (the open-faced baked plantains that act as bread were so cool), and the pork was excellent, especially mixed with the sauces provided. The Maqaquito was the weakest of the bunch, but it wasn't bad. I ate it, when it cooled off, so that's a real disadvantage since it's like a banana and cinnamon pizza. Really cool!
The food came in classy and branded take-out containers, so you know this place is legit! The restaurant has a small seating area on the right along with the check-out counter and a standard restaurant seating area on the left. The staff and chefs are friendly and helpful people.
Really, the only downside I could find with this place is that part of Julia Street is under construction, which makes access and parking difficult. You might have to park a couple blocks away if you go during a busy time. 
One of my new restaurant favorites in New Orleans. Great food, reasonable pricing (compared to other places that I've tried), and friendly staff. I'm really impressed considering that I'm not even vegan or vegetarian, but the food is so unique, tasty, and most importantly, healthy!Marvelous!
Carmo is the choice dive stop for vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options in New Orleans. Those are hard to come by in the City. 
The cocktails are made with their signature fruit juices. Very tasty. Hard to over do it at lunch when the drinks are as flavorful as they are. I really enjoyed the Cajulia (Kah-Julia), which was made with a cashew juice and lemon with Ketel One. 
I had a large Esmerelda salad. It was filling, and my body genuinely felt so much better after eating quinoa, black beans, corn, cilantro, and peppers after a heavy night of drinking.This is a funky little vegan-friendly restaurant that I found within easy walking distance of my hotel when I was in New Orleans for a recent business trip.  They have a number of tasty dishes that are either vegan or can be made vegan, and the food always tastes fresh. The soups are particularly good (I've tried the Gumbo Z'herbs and the Burmese lentil soup).  The Caribbean Banana Cake is excellent, and the Brazilian Cheese Bread is not bad (but I definitely preferred the banana cake, which is always vegan).  The Brazilian Cheese Bread (aka, Maqaquito) can be made vegan - but you have to remember to ask for it that way.  When I had been there the first day, the lady described the desserts to me rather than showing me the menu when I decided to order dessert as an afterthought.  I'm sure she probably mentioned to me that you have to specifically order the Cheese Bread as vegan if you want it that way - which totally makes sense - but somehow it had registered in my mind that both desserts were vegan.  So when I came there the next day for dinner, I ordered the Brazilian Cheese Bread, since I'd had the Caribbean Banana Cake the day before.  To my dismay, I realized it wasn't vegan after I took a bite, and I pushed the plate away, intending to just pay my bill and leave.  The waiter, who was very nice about it, told me he'd have them make me a vegan one, so I went ahead and waited for that one.  It was very good, so I'm glad I waited - well, sort of.  The lady who had taken my order seemed a bit put out about it, which she let me know as I was paying my bill.  Although she was the one who had taken my order the day before, I guess I can hardly expect anyone else's memory to be any better than my own, right?  But a little friendliness and understanding always goes a long way.  Just be warned that no matter how many consecutive days you eat there, you'll need to mention it to them every single time if you are vegan just to be on the safe side.  But vegan or not, I don't think you'll be disappointed in the food at all.Food was great, but portions too small.  21/2 blocks after leaving the place we went into another restaurant to have another lunch.
Service is a bit of a clusterduck.  Order at the counter, then hope to find a table and sit, watching waitstaff milling around trying to figure out which orders go to what table.  Seems it could be easier on everyone if they just took orders at the table.Warm staff and unique flavorful food! I had the Esmeralda and the soup du jour which was a Moroccan lentil soup like nothing I've had before. Thank you guys for providing such yummy vegetarian food!The vibe at the eatery was so cool and laid back. My food and iced tea was out of this world.
When I come back to New Orleans I am in there.Yummm-- so many good options here, it was hard to pick.  So I had to go for two!  Got the esmerelda salad, which had a very light but delicious flavor and the soup of the day, which happened to be this Cambodian lemongrass, lentil thing-- OMG SOOO GOOD!!
One of my friends got the Veggie Sandwich-- which was really good, and my other friend got this Brazilian special they had at the time which was amazing!  Plus they had this live band, which always creates a nice environment.  Their fresh juices were very refreshing and delicious.  
They do have meat options, it appears, but I'd just stick to the Vegetarian-- really flavorful, fresh, and delicious.Delicious food, lovely servers, strong drinks! We had the Peruvian ceviche, fish fritters, and the Vietnamese haloumi flatbread with shrimp. The portions were great and the food was flavorful. The passion fruit pisco cocktail and passion fruit capirinhas were delicious and strong. One of the best places I've ever eaten in NOLAI went here twice while on a business trip! I'm a pescatarian who doesn't eat much fried food, so finding food to eat in NOLA was hard haha. I had the broken noodle salad for lunch, and it was so good I took my colleagues here for dinner.Just amazing place! Great broken noodle salad! Order small plate if you are not insanely hungry!Finding vegan food is not the easiest task in New Orleans, but this restaurant offers an abundance of it. They also serve nearly 10 different kinds of fresh exotic fruit juices. They will also cut serve you coconut water fresh from the coconut, and if you ask them, they'll break it open after you finish so you can eat the meat.The customer service here is terrible. I came here for lunch today and they were out of everything I ordered. But they didn't tell me that until after they charged my credit card. After going through a lengthy refund process I ended up just ordering a green salad. My friend and I sat down and I grabbed four napkins, one fork (since that's all they had available) and two knives. A waitress named Serafina came by with wet hands, grabbed two of the napkins off the table, and then proceeded to give us a rude lecture about not wasting anything. I couldn't believe how rude she was and how she loudly tried to shame us in front of everyone for taking two extra napkins. After they had put a useless tiny straw (that pollutes the environment in worse ways than taking an extra napkin!) in my friend's cocktail. A table next to us had two men sitting at it with extra napkins and she said nothing to them. I watched them put water glasses on top of their napkins and she said nothing. They way she treated us made us feel like they didn't want us here. It was taking a long time for my friend's cheese bread so she asked about it at the counter since we had finished our other plates. When the same rude waitress delivered the bread, she lectured my friend about patience and how it takes 15 minutes to make it in the oven. We didn't mind waiting but if the bread was going to take so long, they should have put it on the menu or told us ahead of time instead of giving us another unwanted lecture. One of the most unwelcoming places I've ever been to.This was the first place I ate in NOLA thanks to its proximity to my hotel, and I wasn't disappointed. I got a local beer, and ordered the vegan cheese bread, vegan ceviche, and the broken noodle salad.
My favorite part of the meal, by far, was the broken noodle salad. It has raw veggies that fill you up, and you don't feel bad about inhaling it, since there's so much nutrition packed into it. The vegan ceviche was super good, bright and acidic with lots of beans and crunchy giant corn. The cheese bread was okay, it was definitely obvious from the taste that the cheese was vegan, and it was just lacking a certain something that dairy cheese has.
Overall, a delicious meal, albeit expensive, but I would happily eat here again for the broken noodle salad alone.If you're looking for a delicious New Orleans meal with tons of flavor, that won't weigh you down afterwords like you're wearing a tuba, Carmo is a great option.  Tasty drinks too!Delicious!! Very interesting menu with a variety of choices from veg to vegan to meaty or gluten free. Fresh veggies and delicious sauces. We had a party of seven and were well taken care of. They have caipirinhas too!!  
I had the Rico with the pulled pork and it was great. My daughter got the vegan version and they made it gluten free for her. We were both very happy!I was looking for a restaurant with creative vegan menu and liked what i saw on yelp, so we stopped in. The decor and atmosphere is very caribbean.  The choices were many, everything seemed like a great choice.  We shared a half carmo salad, i had rico sandwich and he had veggie king sandwich and couldn't have been more satisfied with our lunch.My boyfriend and I were planning on heading to Wednesdays at the Park and decided to look up some restaurants nearby. After reading some reviews we decided on Carmo and we were pleasantly surprised. The ambiance is wonderful, very laid back, run my a couple, the wife is Brazilian. I wasn't sure if I wanted the paella soup, they gave me some to try. I was also indecisive about the passion fruit juice and they also gave me some. They were both fantastic and I ordered them. I also had the the rico as an entree and completely cleaned my plate. My boyfriend had the shrimp dish, can't recall the name, but he also loved it. Neither of us are vegans or vegetarians, though we do try to eat healthy. This place is great and not just for those with dietary restrictions. Definitely order the Brazilian cheese balls, Pao de queijo for appetizers. You won't regret going here. Great service, great atmosphere and even better food. Did I mention they share the space with a gallery and while you wait for your food you can take a look at the art.Delicious vegan fare, very nice and laidback, cosy vibe. Super friendly staff, price/ quality was very good. Delicious vegan rico samdwich amd zucchini chocolate chip cake! Highly recommended, also for the fresh fruit or sugar cane juice.I had a Acarajé that's so damn good, but I more like the Plain bread. Friendly service and foods are delicious!!! I will come back next time when I pass by this city for sure!!This place is amazing. The smoked fish fritters were to die for. Also, the ceviche and entree options were fabulous- every bite. Super sweet bartender, Drew. Drinks were also out of this world- made from scratch with love. I want to eat every meal
Here!!!! Make reservations for dinner or they may not be able to seat you.Just a quick update to share my recent stellar experience with you. Carmo is great for large groups!
A very good friend of mine was in town for her birthday with a group of 10 people. She's vegan, however besides me, there were no other vegans in the group. She wondered if Carmo would be a good option for dinner, a place that is affordable, can accommodate a group of 12 and can make non vegans happy, too. Although I had only been there for dinner once, I thought it would be fine because it seemed to fit all of her criteria.
Well, when I say we were treated like cherished guests, I am not exaggerating! Although we had not made resos, I got there first and gave them the heads-up that a large group would be arriving. Without giving any hint of side eye whatsoever, the staff set up the entire front room for our table. 
The group soon arrived and our fabulous waitress, Shannah, immediately tended to us and answered questions, brought drinks and was all around AWESOME. I can't go on enough about her and also should add that the entire staff at Carmo might very well be my favorite in the city. They all go above and beyond (this is an understatement). 
Somehow, our water glasses were never empty. Somehow, our drinks and food all arrived at about the same time. Somehow, all we had to do was look up and Shannah or someone else was there to help us out. 
Our group loved and adored the food and drinks. I swear, the gal sitting opposite from me was sighing at every bite of the Rico sandwich (and kept saying she was trying to eat it slowly as possible to make it last longer). 
I ordered my usual, vegan Rico, and also tried the Puerto Rican black bean soup (divine). I spied one of my favorite hard-to-come by dishes in the world, a Burmese tea leaf salad, but unfortunately they were out. I cannot wait to go back now and try their version!
The cocktail list is full of refreshers and I opted for the Cajulia, which had cashew fruit juice and vodka. It's absolutely perfect. Lightly sweet and potent. 
We stayed at Carmo for a couple hours and could have perhaps stayed all night. Thank you for the incredible hospitality and delicious food!Terrific little cafe! I really enjoyed the traditional Carmo salad and their bread! The meal was made fresh for me, which is always appreciated. Finding this gem in New Orleans was a huge win for me! Great job, Cafe Carmo!Really great restaurant.  Unique menu, fresh ingredients.  I had the Rico, which is an incredibly well thought out dish.  The consistency of the plaintain and the pulled pork worked perfectly.  Wife had quinoa salad.  It was also good.  I'm not sure that there's anything on the menu i wouldn't love.Had no idea this even existed, I drive right past every night with the legions crossing the river.  
Ordered the special cambodian curry.  Wanted to lick the bowl.  Good prices, fresh ingredients, friendly staff.  
WIsh they delivered to my office in the Quarter.......***Outstanding Esmeralda Salad***  (Quinoa, black beans, corn, peppers & cilantro. Tossed with a coconut chili lime vinaigrette & topped with toasted pumpkin seeds & cotija cheese) - healthy, fresh, and unprocessed goodness for lunch.  My companion had the Rico pulled pork sandwich and I had a forkful that was also excellent.  I will definitely be back!  
Attractively decorated, clean, comfortable, small restaurant in the CBD.  Nice, friendly staff.This is a fantastic cafe on a quiet block of the Warehouse District.
- Food: Caribbean/Brazilian/South American-themed. Healthy yet extremely tasty; has vegan/vegetarian options aplenty if that's your jam. This place is so delicious that I order takeout there a few times a week. In particular, their rotating entree specials tend to be amazing, so be sure to ask about those. Great salads as well. Lots of organic/wild-caught fare.
- Ambiance/People etc.: The staff there is awesome. Super, super friendly, and they seem very invested in you enjoying their restaurant as much as they do. Seems like a tight-knit crew. It has a casual, relaxed ambiance that is very enjoyable for dine-in. They always have really cool Caribbean cocktails as well. 
Can't recommend the place enough. Truly awesome. Please go and enjoy!!the food as okay.. but i wouldnt call it tropical... bruchetta and the flat bread was good.. but i would find that even in a italian place... 
the service was nice and warm.. but had to wait a long long time for just 2 appetizers ! the mango drink was good !Carmo has become one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The dishes are creative, tasty and healthful. The staff is great too. I haven't found any other place like this in New Orleans.I've probably been here 20 times. It's always a great go-to. For their location, heir prices are outstanding for the quality of food you get. The staff is super friendly and nice. The food always tastes great. I love Cafe Carmo!!!Yummy food! Great options. Decided to order something with ingredients I liked, but all in al,l I didn't know exactly what I was eating. That's okay! I liked the healthy mystery of it all. All that matters is that it tasted good, right?Absolutely amazing: food, service, ambiance. The Rico (I had it vegetarian) was out of this world. I have never had pulled pork but I couldn't believe this wasn't really it. Divine. Fantastic wine selection. (We had the Clean Slate Riesling. Yes. Just...yes.) Service was incredible - everyone was so friendly, helpful and the atmosphere was just the right blend of funky - hipster - artistry. Will ABSOLUTELY go back if ever in NOLA again!Last time we stayed in NOLA for longer than 2 days, I was in a severe vegetable deficit. This time we stayed in the Warehouse District instead of the Quarter and happened upon this gem of a restaurant. We love it so much that we have eaten here for lunch 3 days in a row. Fresh, crunchy vegetables in awesomely dresses salads abound, accompanied by the best pao de queijo I have ever eaten (and I have eaten a lot, trust me). We'll probably have lunch there the next 3 days as well. Yum!!! 
While my husband wasn't enthused about his Jamaican chicken salad, he loves the green salad and my sister and I are wild about both the Esmerelda and Broken Noodle Salads. In a world of deep fried and butter laden foods, tasty as they may be, Carmo is a great place to balance your diet out, so you don't have to roll all the way home.Five stars for the food!!   Creative and unique and very tasty.   Also the calm ambience was a nice respite from the other places we'd been.   Can't remember the names of what we had, but both sons devoured the pork special over rice. The flat breads were delicious.   I had one of he house specialties it was a vegan fritter and so tasty.   
Mixed drinks were also good.  Definitely a welcome switch to the usual here on our NOLA trip.    Definitely not for everyone I'm sure, but if Vegetarian and Vegan don't scare you off then it's a great find.Finally a good vegetarian spot in NOLA. Great ambience and food options. Service was great too- server Maria was honest and very good with recommendations. 
Ordered the Armenian baguette with the special toppings which was a curry. Must try!!
Entree was the RICO which was very unique and good. On the dry side but worth a try. 
Dessert- kahlua choc cake was delicioussss! 
Definitely worth a visit this spot especially if your vego and want a break from all the southern richnessGood food. It was unique. Liked the seared avocado... Worth the try! Service was friendly and attentive. I'd recommend the mofongo with ceviche.Loved this place walked by it many times & even during White Linen Night. Had a Cubano Sandwhich & Loved it. Great staff, cool, laid back artsy vibe. I will return.Wow! Incredibly tasty dishes. All the other reviews were spot on when they said to try the Carmo salad. It was wonderful! Flavorful and filling. Loved it. We also tried a baguette dinner and the soup of the day. All amazing. 
Also loved the drinks. We tried the watermelon something which was the house special and the Cajulia. Both were refreshing and tasted like nothing we've ever had before. 
You place your order at the counter but after that they bring everything to your table. The service was great. We loved talking with Drew who we shared a few laughs with. He made us feel very comfortable. 
This is a place we will frequent often ourselves AND bring our out-of-town friends to because it's healthy, tasty, and very unique.The setting was just as relaxed as the ordering.  On the other hand, the food was just as exciting as the music being played.  Carmo is the perfect place to stop after a walk through the art galleries.Food is good, but I don't love it. It cannot reach my expectation. If you are meat hunter, I suggest you not choose here. However, the atmosphere is good, and I love the furniture here. The restaurant looks like an art gallery!Food took a lot of time and my Singapore chili was a bit more salty than expected. I did like fresh sugarcane  and fresh coconut juice.Five stars for an unbeatable combination of great service (often supplied by a partner) delivered with humor and concern for customers, casual / funky setting(s), a creative and flexible menu, with a kitchen staff (that provides many vegan/vegetarian options), and all of it topped off by great prices.   
carmo has an imaginative menu, with daily "fresh" specials, offers half and full sized versions of plates (so you can take care any size appetite), and provides a list of excellent fruit juices, wines, or cocktails.  Whether you are traveling or local, you can find a great lunch or dinner at a great price.  
My only regret about this place is that we found it while traveling, and I can't just walk over there for a meal - like now.  We met partners Drew and Beth (2 of 4 partners and I hope I have their name correct) on a cold Dec. night in NOLA.  We left laughing, and very well satisfied.  I took a poor pic of those two, in front of the kitchen, and their faces say everything about this place.We were wanting something a little different than normal Cajun items. This Brazilian flavor was nice & felt healthy when we left. Great gluten free options and fruit juices not found in the normal places. 
The owners really care about the product produced and making sure the customer was satisfied. 
Our 9 yr. old was able to get a grill cheese and a kid size juice.Thank you, Carmo! My vegan, vegetarian, and non-vegetarian party of 8 all left very happy. Finding a nice dinner spot that accommodated everyone was tough and I'm so glad I found Carmo on yelp.
Highlights included the Rico dish and vegan cheese ball things. SO YUMMY! 
Service was great and perfectly attentive. Overall ambience was lovely lovely with beautiful paintings Bathrooms were clean. Cost is a bit $$ but worth it.The Rico is so flavorsome and has such a unique blend of flavors. Cool atmosphere and great service, highly recommend!Located more in the business downtown district of New Orleans, this place is convenient for those who are traveling, staying at a hotel in the area and need a close place to dine. I'm pretty sure it's probably convenient for vegans living in New Orleans working in the area.  Their menu is pretty diverse, while still incorporating so many of the flavors and dishes that make New Orleans cuisine.  While there, I tried their Vegan Gumbo and was as their vegan Creole Harvati. Although Harvati has European roots, incorporating the creole flavors (a fusion of the original people who settled in New Orleans), gave the dish authenticity. The environment is pretty friendly, laid back although it still maintains a pretty high end vibe. I liked how we were able to see the kitchen staff prepare food and how we are able to sit wherever we wanted, as well as order prior to choosing our seat. This freedom was very convenient for customers.  Within the gumbo I was able to detect the cajun flavoring. It was refreshing and the basmati rice used added an extra level of flavoring and textured to the dish. I wanted to go back to this place, but was unable to. It was truly a great dining experience. A plus, was the 10% off I automatically received upok checking in to the venue.Ordered the broken noodle salad with tofu. Had one single 1cm cube of tofu. Also the sauce was cloyingly sweet.
The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is that they were really thoughtful about my peanut allergy.The staff was super friendly and accommodating. The food was fresh, original and top notch!I absolutely loved this place. As soon as you walk in you feel a vibe of goodness relaxed atmosphere and healthy way of being. Here for a conference and looking for good not so heavy food i often find my gems in Yelp. I had a breadless Rico sandwich with pulled pork, on a soft plantain with melted cheese and fresh avocado slices. I also had acerola juice which tasted just like the plain fruit. Both things were delicious. My friend had the emerald salad and said it was so good she wanted to return for dinner.The menu makes you wish you had a second stomach. I had the ceviche, which was perfectly done. The acaraje was awesome, and make sure to use the Brazilian hot sauce. I had some caju juice to go, the first time I've seen it outside of Brazil.Gotta try this place, especially if you've had enough of the regular gumbo, fried seafood & alligator everywhere else around town.  
Their exotic juices are certainly interesting, if not awesome. Must try the Armenian banquette breads for a starter! Wow!
We tried 5 different dinner menu items. All were very unique and tasty, with fresh ingredients. Broken Noodle salad was the hands-down favorite.  Ample portions on all but maybe the fish plate. 
Super friendly staff. If you're party is 4 or greater you get table serviceI've been meaning to write something for a long, long time for Carmo. This place has so many good things about it I don't know where to begin. The whole place is an eclectic mix of Brasillian Carribean food with liquor and health food and superfoods too! The people are great! The food is amazing, they can make any dish vegan or vegetarian and it's out of this world. It makes my trip worthwhile to New Orleans every time! I crave it when I'm away that's how good it is. I get the Rico and I'm addicted. No one makes anything like it in NYC or anywhere else I've been in the country.  They have a vegan chef from Brasil there. I feel so lucky. I can get a cacao pulp drink made with or without sugar as well as several other superfood fruits from Brasil. Again I feel so lucky. I would never have had the opportunity to try this if it were not for their dedication to creating a menu totally unlike any other I have ever seen. 
The only down side are the hours for me. You have to check the schedule because they close from 3-5 everyday and are not open everyday and one day a week they close at 3 and don't reopen so it took a bit of time getting adjusted to their schedule because I used to just walk over without checking on the internet but it's so worth it to come back. Hope I get to go back one more time before I head back home.What a find!  The food is fresh, as in seasonal and not fried,  and delicious. The bartender was fantastic, she started our drinks before we put in our order  (orders taken at the counter).  The flavors of our dishes were complex and wonderful!  We ordered the special, a fava bean cassoulet, a tuna dish and several starters.  What a treat to get something green on your plate in NOLA-and I'm not talking over cooked veggies here!  Try the Brazilian cheese bread (also known as pan de yucca in other parts of South America) It's gluten free and oh so good! Everything was scrumptious. I highly recommend eating here.We ate here for dinner and I was uninspired and underwhelmed. We ordered a salad which was good. The entrees were from the specials menu and my husband's dish was good. Seitan with summer vegetables and a peanut type sauce with rice. Mine however was Cajun rice and beans with vegan sausage. I was expecting the Cajun spices to be really tasty and for the dish to be interesting and for them to have perhaps done something interesting with the sausage. Nope. It was basically canned black beans. White rice. And a field roast sliced in half and laid on the plate for a whopping $18! IMO - an overpriced microwave meal. Really disappointing. 
The only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the menu is better than most of the veggie places we've tried in NOLA. Although not worth the prices.Amazing food, amazing service, amazing atmosphere.This place has become my go whenever I'm in the city..such yummy vegan food!Went to this place a few nights ago and had an awful experience. I order the Cuban ceviche, the Rico and fish fritter and 2 cocktails. I had a 6:45 reservation and didn't get seated until 7:15. We ordered immediately after sitting and did not get our food until 40 mins later. The table was unstable and the top kept coming off. The ceviche lacked acid and the fish quality was awful. The fritter had whole fish bones in them. The Rico was okay, but really only stood out because everything else was bad. I would not go back to this place, ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I ORDERED ALL THE THINGS.
Okay, not ALL but a LOT of things.   So I was in New Orleans for a conference and based on all of the reviews I was just DYING to try this place. I walk in and there's one room and then a larger room to the left, where the doors can open and it's big, open and airy.  I was greeted right away and everyone behind the counter was friendly. For my first meal I ordered the Carmo Salad and Rico open faced sandwich. They were out of baked goods so I got the Maququito, instead. Everything was vegan and delicious. All that came to about $20 which wasn't that bad. 
Everything was so fresh and delicious that I ended up getting to-go food! I got the Esmerelda salad and a special that I don't remember the name: tofu, mashed potatos, kale, curry. My only qualm with that is that it was a special for $12 and maybe a little too small of a serving but the flavor was on point. 
I would totally recommend this place not only because it's good vegan food but it's just GOOD FOOD. You can see them making it in front of you and putting care and time into preparing a beautiful, hearty dish for you. I can't say enough good things!After eating much of the heavy traditional NOLA food for several days, we were grateful to find this gem near our hotel. The "chicken salad" salad was delicious and healthy. The cockail was awesome too!between 3/4 stars. Food was good. Had tuna salad and i really enjoyed it. Venue felt like a Portland try-hard vegan joint. They serve you the food, but you have to get your own utensils and put in order at the desk. Had a mediocre 2.50 cookie for dessert and my colleague was treated to a fly in his cocktail which was promptly replaced. Colleague said his sashimi was different than expected, but enjoyed it.Carmo is an outstanding seafood and vegan restaurant in the French quarter of New Orleans. They pack a lot of flavor in to every bite. We had open plantain vegan sandwiches and a ceviche. If you are looking for something healthy and delicious than look no farther!Great beer selection. Fun staff. Had an Indonesian food that was as good as food I had in Indonesia. Passion fruit mousse for dessert was wonderful.My wife and I came by during their busy lunch hour. We both had Rico which was out this world! Service was friendly but slow. They were apologetic as our order arrived 30min later. The food was worth the wait.The food was very flavorful and fresh. It was perfect for a hot summer day. If you are trying to do typical nola fare, this might not be for you. If you're trying to find tons of vegetarian options and fresh food, this is your spot.
The waitstaff was very friendly and hospitable. The food came out in a timely manner, though it did seem like we waited a bit for our drinks. The prices were middle range, but reasonable. Drinks are expensive for the area, but they were also made freshly made juices.
I will definitely go back here. They also have the Yelp 7% cash back perk.Was visiting on a work trip and had the Rico sandwich.  It was flavorful and delicious.   It was a pulled pork bread less sandwich.  The bread was replaced with plantain.  We all enjoyed our meals.  My manager had a traditional brazilian dish which was phenomenal.   We will def be back there again.Our favorite spot in New Orleans so far. Cool staff, intriguing menu, utter perfection in every bite. Spicy, fresh, delicious.A great find in the Warehouse districts.  Everything on the menu sounded amazing, the staff were friendly and killer drink menu.  Get a passion fruit caipirinha and you won't be disappointed.  Vegan-friendly too!Excellent food! Service was amazing as well as the food. So refreshing to have a change from the heavy, spicy food and find natural, fresh foods. Many vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options. My kids and myself really enjoyed the restaurant. Will definitely return.Chick ambiance, very interesting freshly squeezed tropical juices of excotic fruits I had never heard of ! Plenty of vegetarian options. I had the Veggie Brazilian soup (very flavorful), and a veggie sandwich which was quite good as well. Nice place to grab a meal if you are in New orleans and a vegetarian.Absolutely delicious. The RICO "sandwich" is amazing. Plantain party, pulled pork. Best thing I've had in a while. Also really good about my gluten allergy. Don't miss this place. Also really good drink selection!I wish I could comment on the food, but unfortunately we could not be served at this establishment. We walk in around 8:00 and were told the wait would be 20-30 minutes. Then were instead told there was no way a party of 5 could be served before 9:45. We asked for other suggestions and were coldly given no helpful alternatives, even after explaining we are from out of town. We were not offered to place a to-go order, or to be split up and seated in smaller groups, or even really offered an apology. Instead, we aimlessly walked the streets of New Orleans and luckily stumbled upon a great dinner elsewhere with very friendly service.I'm glad Carmo exists, but I don't know if I'll be joining them for another meal any time soon. The weird flow of being a customer here just doesn't work for me. I normally pop by Carmo during the lunch experience to make a delivery, and it seems like a really odd set-up: order at the counter, take a glass of water from their pre-poured station (what? why?), get your own silver, and find a seat. It seems like they could have a station with glasses, a water jug, and silver all together and away from the register. It also seems like they could tell people how to actually navigate the space. But not my business, you know? 
For dinner, however, it gets even weirder. My sweetie and I went for dinner tonight to celebrate my new job, and we were utterly baffled. Someone met us at the door, took us to a table, gave us some menus, and left. We weren't told to order at the register (which is FUCKING WEIRD AFTER BEING SEATED) or how to do. So we sat. And we sat. And we sat. We wondered where the staff was. We wondered if we'd get a waitress. We wondered who worked at Carmo and who was just a customer (because we couldn't tell from the outfits). We were so damn confused. 
When the couple across the room got out and left, I thought they were walking out of the restaurant because they didn't get service. But then they came back...? That's when I realized that we needed to order at the counter. A quick visit back to the front room confirmed that yes, we should order at the counter. If we are supposed to order at the counter for dinner, why were we seated? How does this even work? 
It was annoying and frustrating. 
The food was okay. It was okay. Sky had the full-meat Rico, which was tasty although some sort of spice/rub situation was going on with the meat. He could taste the spice powder or rub on the pulled pork. It wasn't ideal, but the plantain patty really made the dish. (Wish they could call it something other than a "breadless fork sandwich." Like an entree. It's an entree.) 
I had one of the banquettes, which was tasty but unexpected. The noodles were rather superfluous for the dish, but the smoked chicken was great. I would have appreciated a little more explanation on the menu that somehow indicated that the banquettes are flatbreads, not something made on a baguette-type bread. (In Costa Rica, there's a baguette-type sandwichy thing that Sky remembered. That's what we thought the banquettes were.) 
Of course what saved the meal was the raw menu and the cheese bread. We had the Peruvian ceviche, which was a moment of delight for Sky. He took a family trip to Peru that was mostly altitude sickness and misery, but there was a day when he was well enough to eat. On that day, he had some Peruvian ceviche...which was just like the stuff we had at Carmo. So nailed it. And the cheese bread is always a winner. Just order some for the table, even though it will cost you $1 per little ball of perfection. 
And here you go, one needlessly pretentious review to say "weird flow, not for me, food was fine." 
Accessibility notes: one step up. Door opens out. No Braille menu or signage. Restrooms are single stall, no gender specified. Can get loud at peak hours. Order at medium counter. Bar has high counter. Dining area can be dim in the evenings. Tables have space for mobility devices to maneuver.Phenomenal. Absolutely phenomenal. Wish you existed in San Francisco but alas, guess I'll just have to make more frequent trips to new Orleans.Ambience: visual, auditory, taste, scents. This place has it all, and without being overwhelming. 
Veggie King sammich = awesome. 
Veggie Gumbo = very good.
Sri Lankan Curry = whoa, damn! 
Why are you sitting there reading reviews? Get over here and get your grub on!I am so enthusiastic about my experience at Carmo. You order at the counter and then sit and little cafe-style tables and eat from a small-but-delicious menu, and I couldn't imagine a better lunch. My partner and I both had the rico sandwich made vegan (yep -- it has vegan pulled pork and vegan cheese), and we were floored. When it came, the portion size seemed small, but it turned out to be just the right amount of food, which is a rarity for any restaurant. I had no idea there was such a thing as plantain bread, but once you have tried plantain bread you will wonder why any other kinds of breads ever existed.
Two concerns: one is that Carmo is only open for lunch, which is a drag. And the other is that the menu is small if you're vegan -- they only make vegan one of their sandwiches, unless you do it yourself (they have a DIY sandwich section). Still a welcome respite for the herbivores of the Crescent City.Good ambience, nicely prepared meals, just a bit overpriced, example Beans and rice plate Indian style should be under 10 bucksI really wanted to like this place. I liked that they had plenty of vegan options on the menu, but unfortunately once I was there they hardly had anything. They were out of the special, vegan ham, and even the beverages I wanted to order. Yet they charged for them and had to give a us refund. When we were seated, a woman approached us and took away two of our napkins, explaining that the restaurant "doesn't waste" (yet they gave me a plastic straw in my drink that I didnt ask for). It was very strange that she went out of her way to explain to me the philosophies of the restaurant yet there were definitely others in the restaurant who had taken an extra napkin or two. When part of my order didnt come out after about 30 minutes, I asked about it and was assured it was on its way. I was very polite, yet once my food arrived I was given a lecture about how long things need to cook. I don't feel that I was treated with respect at this restaurant.Amazing place to sit down and enjoy a great variety of salads and vegetarian options. The ingredients were so fresh! I would definitely stop by again. The staff were very attentive. I appreciate how environmentally conscious this place integrates into its service.Great location, nice funky and laid back atmosphere. Menu was eclectic, and the food was good. Service was seriously lacking. I was brought the incorrect food, and it took a while to get their attention. My friend never received part of his order. They asked if we wanted the dessert menu. We said yes, but they disappeared and never brought it. Eventually, we got hold of them for the check. Hope this gets better, because otherwise, it's a pretty cool and interesting spot...One of the few vegan restaurants in NOLA and it turned out to be a good one. The vibes in the cafe were really good. The sugarcane juice with the broken noodle salad was amazeballs. NOLA for me is gumbo, jambalaya, creole, cafe au lait and  broken noodle salad. This cafe is a must visit for everyone who is visiting NOLA to get the complete NOLA experience.Wonderful combinations of flavors and ingredients. Vegan/vegetarian friendly. Homemade deserts worth every calorie, I had apple pecan bread pudding. Artsy atmosphere.I initially found this place while walking to a conference, and decided I absolutely had come to back here, and boy, was I so happy my husband and I did. The Acarajé was PHENOMENAL. It's a black-eyed pea fritter stuffed with vatapá (a cashew peanut coconut paste), with shrimp and salsa fresca, served with their special hot sauce. It was also great that almost everything was gluten-free as well. We each got fresh juices (graviola highly recommended!), and finished up with decadent, I mean DIVINE (I probably won't ever find anywhere else) mousses - passion fruit and dark chocolate hazelnut. Literally everything we had was just so good, we didn't want to leave. If you go there, ask for or about Shana, she is one of the nicest servers I've ever met. She was one of those people who knew exactly what was in the menu, and also how to describe the ingredients in each dish perfectly. Highly recommended place, do not miss it if you're in New Orleans. Five stars!!!Excellent vegan food ( and items for those who like animals). 
Small, one table outdoor seating was perfect for our stop! 
Interesting cocktails. Homemade ( vinegar-y) hot sauce . 
Highly recommend you check it out. 
Facilities were clean and staff was friendly!
Great location!If I had one word to describe this place, it would be "crunchy." Sustainable this and low-impact that. The proteins felt relegated to the back page behind all the vegan whatsits.
I know they're trying to be all low-impact and everything, but at this price point, I still expect a regular restaurant service. I shouldn't have to ask for a cup of water (as if there's a drought in New Orleans). I shouldn't have to walk up to a counter to order my food like a Nandos. Say it's my first time here and I want to ask someone for recommendations. Unfortunately, I can't do that because there is no waiter.
That said, the food was flavorful and quite creative. The Sashimi Creole was fantastic, with a nice fish but an even better sauce that really highlighted those tropical flavors. I also got some kind of rice seafood tomato-y dish (daily special) that I was less enthused about. I can't remember much about it now, other than there was something that felt overcooked about it.We were visiting New Orleans and wanted a place with vegetarian and seafood options.. The place is cute but the menu is bizarre. There is food from about 8 different regions of the world and it seems like the cuisine is too erratic to really focus on doing anything well. Our waiter was nice though clearly high. They were out of about 1/2 the items on the menu. We ordered a bread dish was literally a piece of large bread with some cheese melted on it and it cost $14- way overpriced for just cheese on bread. The others dishes we ordered were a chili shrimp which was the best thing we got through after about 5 bites it got old (no rice was served with it). We also ordered a shrimp stir fry which tasted like something we could easily make at home. This place is clearly given high marks because there are limited veggie options in NOLA but overall we were disappointed by the food and price. Save your money and find other options.In town for a quick visit.  Stopped by local Yoga Studio for practice and asked for restaurant recommendations - wanted vegetarian options - Carmo was the top recommendation!!!
Enjoyed the daily special - peanut curry and tofu.  Banana bread dessert melts in your mouth.  Minutes from convention center - Just Go!!!I really enjoyed the food at this place. When my friends and I first walked in the hostess wasn't very pleasant but the waiter definitely made up for it. He was very helpful in explaining the dishes.  Would definitely recommended if you're visiting New Orleans. The food was great and the drinks were on the money.....Very impressed.  Vegan rico was not really what I was expecting from the menu description (maybe my fault, not sure), but it was AWESOME nonetheless.  The grilled plantain was excellent and the sauce was rich but not too rich.  We accidentally stayed after closing at lunch and they were super cool about it.  The vegan banana cake was moist and delicious.  The only downside, as Sophie J mentioned, is the small menu, which means even smaller selection for vegans.  However, also like she mentioned, it's better than the vast majority of places in NOLA.
If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be back.I was looking for something vegan downtown close to work and came across this cool spot. The menu is simple but still very interesting. I love that they show you what can be customized. I have been a few times and everything has been SO AMAZING (try the carribean banana cake). even my non-vegan co-workers love the food. I recommend this place to all the tourist coming in looking for vegan/gluten free/vegetarian options.I wish I could give it a 5, but the great food and cocktails doesn't overshadow the warm dinner we had. I think they must be working out those kinks, but a sweaty dinner with friends was a bit uncomfortable. The food and drinks put in a great showing though! It was a very unique selection and we enjoyed it all. Every dish had its own incredible flavor combinations that were exciting to try and share.
Rico - Breadless sandwich (plantain patty instead) with pulled pork, avocado and a great fresh salsa. Wonderful flavor combinations
Rum Cured, Cold Smoked Yellowfin Tuna - I would recommend eating all of the ingredients at once for the full effect. Apart it is kinda meh, but all of the flavors together is just beautiful. 
Cacalvin - (Pronounced Ka-Calvin) was a light, sweet drink. Great for our girls outing.
Fish Special - Ghanian mahi mahi with tomatoes and black eyed peas with plantains and rice. Very well spiced. Don't shy away from the specials!
Trini Corn Soup - a very flavorful corn bisque. Very good!Food was great and a nice change from the typical fried food in NOLA. Service and cocktails were top notch too, well worth it.The Carmo salad is AMAZING. In fact, I believe that all of the salads are delicious! Three of my friends were visiting and Carmo was the perfect place to give their tummies a rest from all of that friend NOLA food. I was also here on a different occasion for a friend's birthday and our server was excellent! He brought out a cake for her and was very attentive.I got the Vegan Rico. One of my top 10 dishes of all time!!! The dressing on the salad was amazing! If we ever come back to New Orleans, we will definitely go back.Amazingly tasty vegetarian/vegan/generally healthy food. Fresh juices are strange and wonderful. Always get the special.High quality food! Good for vegans and omnivores alike. The kottu appetizer was amazing. Also avocado tiridito. Fun atmosphere.This may have been the culinary highlight of our trip to NOLA. We stumbled upon it and are glad we did. Once you figure out the unique ordering and serving situation you are all good. The food here was fresh and full of flavors. Their were options to please any palate. We will go back here whenever we are in town for sure.Love love love!  Give your stomach a break from all the rich New Orleans food and awaken your taste buds to something other than fried and drowned in butter!  Cocktails are delish and badass amazing!  People in front of us said that the food is sexy ... it's foodgasm!Carmo has a WONDERFUL vegan/vegetarian selection! The food is amazingly delicious. Friendly service.This was delightful. Well worth it.  Very cool, everything we had here was well-thought-out and delicious.  I had the specialty--the acaraje with shrimp--and it was memorable."Veggies go nuts here" is an underplay to the food you get here. The creative cocktails and juices only adds to the culinary experience. We tried the tofu (shrimp) curry and a Brazilian sandwich. It was mind blowing. The only complaint would be that the server avoided giving the yelp discount that was due even though I reminded him to do so. Would certainly go back though!A real oasis for a vegan in New Orleans:  wonderful Carmo salad was light and filling.  Vegan meats and cheeses available as well as the "real" thing for non-vegan partners.  Fresh juices (I had mango) really set you up for a day of sightseeing.  Such a welcome place after all the fried seafood and BBQ smells!Everyone was super nice but the food and drinks took forever to arrive and the food when it did arrive was barely warm. Could be a very good restaurant if they can get their act together.We had a healthy tasty lunch here. Food was quick to reach our table and the cafe style dining is casual and family friendly.
I highly recommend the lentil soup.I got the Rico sandwich this time and it was delicious and more than enough food. Maybe they are stingy with the salads? I think I will order catering from them in the future.Been here 3 times while working in NOLA. If you want something aside from another derivative of shrimp and grits, I recommend Carmo! Great cocktails - had the tequila one that I can't pronounce. Delicately seared white fish and the avocado plate - one with mango reduction. Passion fruit mousse for desert. YUM! Casual environment. Light, very tasty - chef knows his sh**. Peruvian, Brazilian, Caribbean, Hawaiian influences - tropical.Delicious! Great change of pace from the typical New Orleans cuisine. Staff is super friendly, atmosphere is light & tropical. I had the Esmeralda salad. Great crunch (pumpkin seeds, greens), filling (beans, quinoa) & a kick of cilantro (which I loved, but it is a pretty strong aspect of the salad, so be mindful of you aren't a cilantro fan). Highly recommend!Amazing food and fresh juices. I highly recommend the coconut which is freshly cracked open and the straw is inserted. You can't beat that.We really enjoyed our meal here.  They are one of the few veggie-friendly restaurants in New Orleans, although they still have meat options.  It's on a street that is lined with galleries.  All the food we had was great, from the avocado appetizers to the Acarajé fritters to the Rico sandwich.  Flavorful and good quality.  Everyone was super enthusiastic about the food and it showed.
My only complaint would be about my girlfriend's peanut / condensed milk cocktail, which was thick and weird.  I'm not sure what we were expecting, but I'm not sure how anyone would want it.
Also I found the service style a bit inexplicable.  They are 90% of the way to having waiters (filling water, chatting, delivering food and drinks), but still have you order at the front counter.  I don't really see the benefit, and it feels like it cheapens the place a bit.If you're vegan, go and get a vegan banquette bread - very tasty and worth it! I got the Creole vegan banquette and it was delicious bread with hot vegan cheese and toppings. 
Fermented tea leaf salads are usually my favorite - unfortunately, the one I got one here was awful, really sour. 
I got a peach cake dessert and it was overpriced and not worth it. Overall for a salad, main, and dessert it was an expensive, average to not-great tasting meal. I wouldn't go back. Ok maybe I'd get a vegan banquette again ;)Go here.  Just go.  Hard to explain.  Nothing normal or traditional about this menu.  Was totally unsure about what to order.  The food here is different, but delicious, full of flavor, satisfying and healthy (which in this town is a find).  So many spices and fresh ingredients used to make big amazing flavor.  So few places go out on a limb like this, these guys put together crazy good combinations of ingredients to create bold maximum flavor in their dishes.  Writing this review and I want to go back!
Atmosphere, laid back, everyone was really nice, you order at the register, then sit and they bring it to you (which I like)!  And I would not call it Brazillian food, maybe world ethnic?   These chefs take their job seriously (I watched) you guys are amazing!  Good job and thank you for an amazing food experience!While waiting for our son to finish his orientation, so the wife and I decided to check out Carmo. 
So we went it in, sat down, & ordered our food not knowing what to expect. We both ordered the Rico and we shared a Maqaquito. Both were very delicious. You have to try it. Don't let the name of the food deter you from getting it. Couples need to try this place. Try something new.This place is trendy with an exotic menu. Everything I tasted was delicious and fresh. The potato leek soup was awesome! Looking forward to eating at this place again.Oh my gaaaawd this place is amazing! I got the Peruvian bowl and it was delicious. A little pricey but still reasonable. He food is so fresh and well seasoned. Such a good health option when visiting New Orleans.My vegan relative was in town and wanted some good vegan food that I brag about.  We stopped at carmo, it was pretty crowded so we ordered our food to go.  We ordered the broken noodle bowl thinking it was served hot, it was not, but it was tasty.  I also ordered the carmo salad that I usually get when there and was pleased.  He also likes the place and is looking forward to his next visit to Carmo.WOW!!! I wish there was an option for more stars! This place is so fresh. The yellowfin tuna sandwich is amazing! The prices are reasonable and you feel healthy after eating. Lol.Wow... I've been here twice in the last four years. I would gladly come back once a month if I lived here. Actually, it would be more like once a week if I could afford to eat out that often. There are vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free options galore here.
Their renditions of Indian-inspired foods are out of this world. I seriously can't get enough of this place and will gladly stop here every time I'm in NOLA.Loved the food! Got the Rico sandwich which i made vegetarian and it was so good! Just the blend of flavors made it so much better. The staff was sweet and very helpful and  they recommended things according to my food liking. There were plenty of drinks on the menu but i didn't get a chance to try it. Highly recommended for vegetarians and vegans alikeSome friends took me here because they wanted to go to a vegan place. I agreed to go because I saw that I can still have the tuna sandwich on the menu. Unfortunately when we got there, we were told that they were out of it. Who's out of tune?? Normally I would just pick something else but that's really the only thing on the menu that I wanted as I'm kosher and not really a salad for lunch kind of guy and none of the other options appealed to me. How hard is it to go to the store and just grab some tuna temporarily until your normal supply comes in? Definitely need to run the kitchen a little more efficiently. Gave them three stars because the veggie sandwich wasn't filling but good. NEGATIVE the juices tasted watered down.Food was very good, service very polite. However, after a pretty extensive wait for the food, I was informed that what I had ordered (beans and rice!?) would take another 1/2 hour to prep? No apology, no offer of compensation. The overly long wait had already made us late a concert we were trying to get to. I asked for whatever would be quick (Veggy open faced sandwich), which came immediately, and was very good.Great veggie/vegan attitude & options that still welcomes carnivores! I was torn between the special (Burmese Coconut Noodles with Chicken or Tofu) and the Rico "sandwich"  (an open-faced sandwich on a plantain patty instead of bread with melted cheese, pulled pork, avocado, & salsa fresca). They ran out of the special as i was about to order, so my decision was made for me.  Don't know how the Burmese Noodles would have been, but the Rico was excellent!! Arrived around 12:15 and had to wait a bit (30 mins or so) after ordering to get my food; wasn't a big deal for me,  but definitely wouldn't recommend peak lunch time if you are on a tight schedule. The only bad thing i have to say is that I'm a tourist so can't eat here all the time!This new restaurant is located downtown. It's a very cute restaurant with roll up doors. We went because my sister is a vegan. The service was extremely slow. A few tables sat after us and were serviced before us. We inquired about the food and was told by the rude owner that "it isn't fast food" but after 30 minute that's a little excessive. The food was decent not very flavorful decent for vegan food.My wife and I are thrilled to have found this place. We both spend a lot of time in Latin America for work and pleasure, and this place felt instantly familiar in the best way. The environment is airy and open and the service was friendly.
The food was fantastic. Soup du jour was a vegetarian gumbo with the option to add shrimp, crab, and smoked fish. It's really hard for vegetarians and pescatarians to find gumbo in NOLA, so that was exciting just in itself, but the flavor and texture were spot-on. 
I had the feijoada, which was really filling and delicious. I've not been to Brazil but as an aficionado of Latin American comida tipica generally, I can say that it hit all the right spots. Simple, rustic, nicely balanced, and garnished with just enough of everything you need.
Cacao pulp juice was awesome too, tangy and refreshing (brought back good memories!).
We will definitely be back.Great lunch spot just up the street from my hotel. I had the broken noodle salad and it was delicious! Also a small was the perfect size for lunch. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu. The only downside - It is a little loud when busy.Bottom line: A bit out of the way, and that makes it that much better. Delicate dishes in a non-committal local with easy-going service. I am a fan. I hope to come back.
The pro's: The dishes are light. Great for a lunch that won't put you out of commission. There are pretty cool vegetarian options. Prices are decent.  There are also some unique dishes I have not had elsewhere such as the banana and cinnamon bread called maqaquito (not what you think...)
The con's: The place is not fancy. It is more "rugged" and simple. So if you are not into that, look elsewhere.The staff and food at this establishment are great. We were greeted warmly and presented with menus that offered tasty vegetarian and gluten free options. I will definitely go back.I ordered a ceviche. The amount of food for the price is really not great during lunch time. This may be a better spot at night, but during the day I will never be going back.The only thing that I would suggest to the folks who own this restaurant is that they raise the prices. The menu is innovative and exciting but incredibly inexpensive. The seafood west columbo curry was perfectly seasoned with just a touch of heat. The broken noodle salad was wonderful and a half size could have between a meal for some. I can only imagine what the full sized one was. Cocktails were interesting and inexpensive compared to most places in NOLA. The atmosphere was informal - this is not a white table cloth place - and veggie/vegan friendly.Amazing food! The Brazilian food was different from anything I have had before and was delicious. The gluten free Rico pulled pork in a plantain was scrumptious.The best food I ever had keep doing what your doing so yummy and fill. When walked out of there I left like I could run through a brick wall.I loved this place. I am not one for beans or veggies but this place changed my mind so fast! The price is super affordable and the dishes will fill you up! Its vegan friendly and meat lover too! the ambience is very laid back in a cool chic kind of way. I would recommend this place for any meal!Amazing ! So many vegan options and non vegan options , large salads fresh juices and staff is great too ! Dessert also ! So many options . Mix
Of Brazilian and middle eastern and vegan goodies ! Highly recommend!