A must-stop, oyster lover or not. The green and yellow tiled, and I mean head to toe, interior is gorgeous. It's from another time and totally unique at the same time with beautiful first-generation flourescent light fixtures that make it very bright but still warm. The same people have been serving and shucking since before I was born and the food is really pretty great.A culinary highlight of a culinary city. This is not a stuffy experience; very down-to-Earth with reasonably priced, "simple," but utterly fantastic food. Oysters are the size of your palm. Soft shell crab platter was so good, I probably could have had four of them. Slightly off of the tourists' beaten path, but if your center of gravity is in the French Quarter, you won't regret taking the trolley out and/or strolling down Magazine street (which you should do anyway). Not to mention, they had the UConn game on. Do. Not. Miss.Without question the very best oyster loaf in town. Good raw and chargrilled too. Service can be hit or miss but generally very good.Forgive me: I'm not an oyster person. But I have the highest standards for gumbo and fried seafood of all types (except oysters - blech), and I would happily eat Casamento's gumbo and fried shrimp loaf - half-size is plenty - every day for the rest of my life. Crab claws - also five stars. Cokes in glass bottles - another five stars. Get there at 11 o'clock sharp so you don't have to wait.Today must be my day for negative reviews, for starters, they were to open at 11:00. We  arrived there at opening , because we heard it does a lot of business. It was cold, raining , and after 11 and they wouldn't let us in, the staff would show up , then they would lock the door behind them.
 I was getting a bad vib, almost left, wish I would of.
Walked in to a ice cold restaurant, got a seat at the back , and wanted to order a bunch of thing off the menu to try, then I went into sticker shock when I saw the prices. This place is a hole in the wall, in an out of the way area, and on street parking. 
Like usual, the service was slow..... started watching orders come out, the portions were tiny, they still hadn't TAKEN our order. 
THANK GOD ! they ONLY ACCEPT cash ! we found out by the small print on the back of the menu...no sign up front.... on average , for 2 , the bill is 50.00!  really?
But they were nice enough to Dutch door you, by having an ATM in the front.
The oysters came out, no ice, and they were tiny , expensive!
The shrimp plate was more like a glorified appetizer, I was hungry a couple hours later.
Really don't understand the attraction to this place, must of been in years gone by, but if you want fried seafood, I have had way better in lots of places.I don't know much about oysters, but this place is an Institution.  The menu is modest, just seafood bread and fries in combination.  I think they have a salad too.  Not the cheapest but not out of line with any other fried seafood platters in the city.My favorite poboy in NOLA. I would tell anyone to go here and make sure you're hungry!!! It's only open during the season so you have to be careful with that. It's small so expect a wait. But well worth it.Go for raw oysters and that's it. Cold French fries, flavorless seafood and an owner with a bad attitude. Such a shame the ownership has let Casamentos go down the tubes.My family of four and I came from Houston, Texas to this restaurant because of all the Food Network reviews, but I was a little upset when my waitress placed the bill on my table. The taste of the food was great, but the service wasn't worth the almost 20% tip that my waitress added to my bill. I've worked in the restaurant industry for years, and I believe it is illegal for a waiter/waitress to add their own tip. My family and I were sat at a small square table with no room to move at all; and our unfriendly waitress only came to our table twice. I always tip generously and encourage others to do the same, but this service wasn't anywhere near a 20% tip. Will not return.Casamento's Restaurant
4330 Magazine St, New Orleans, LA 70115
http://goo.gl/maps/7wHBv
Casamentos is one of the better known oyster houses in Nola. The small establishment is located on Magazine St and fills up quickly so get there early. They offer raw oysters and plenty of fried dishes as well. They are especially known for their "loaf" sandwiches featuring oysters and shrimp. 
Parking is limited like anything on Magazine st so plan on walking for a block or two. They open not so promptly at 11am and fill up by noon for the lunch crowd.  The staff if mostly friendly and quick to bring beverages and entrees. We shared raw oysters and gumbo and both were tasty and plentiful. I had half an oyster loaf and it was tasty and delicious. Be sure to get it fully dressed and then add ketchup and lots of hot sauce.  Overall it was a good time and we all left satisfied. Ill definitely be going back again. 
Urban CowgillUnassuming hole in the wall with delicious seafood. Very appreciative of a restaurant that makes gluten free deep fried seafood. The catfish was tender and melted in your mouth. Best charbroiled oysters. Line can be long and only open sometimes but worth the wait.This is an ok seafood spot on Magazine famous for their tile interior and decent to great oysters.  The main drawbacks to this place are that they close for the Summer (usually from May-September) and they only take cash so it can be a bit of a hassle.  They are a bit unique in New Orleans for not using French bread on their oyster loaf and instead use some stuff akin to Texas Toast they call "Pan Bread" (I also get irked that they seem to eternally be out of creole mustard as that is what I like on mine).  It has seemed more inconsistent in quality over the last few years and there are certainly better places at better prices but it's unique tiled interior makes it worthy of a visit just to see a classic New Orleans oyster bar.For no other reason go for the oysters on the half shell and the made to order sauce. Fantastic. Gumbo is ok and the fried fish and shrimp are fried fish and fried shrimp, but the oysters and the red sauce are the best.We rolled in for another snack during the earlier legs of our food tour (read: get something in the stomach before the heavy night drinking commences).  Upon walking in, it took several minutes to flag somebody down to help us, despite it being fairly empty.  Even once we did, they still did not offer to seat us, so we instead chatted up the oyster shuckers and had them just serve some straight oysters.  After the mix-your-own cocktail sauce ritual, they started dealing some of the largest oysters I've ever seen.  When we asked the name of these mutant oysters, they simply answered "Louisiana" -- easy enough.  Their resounding characteristic was the sheer amount of meat, with fewer nuanced flavors than your average $3 a pop raw bar oyster.  That being said, it worked out to be slightly less than a buck an oyster, so you can't be too upset about that.  If it weren't so hard to get the employees attention, I would have felt much better about my experience.Unfortunately never got to try to the food but the experience left much to be desired.
Was in town from Chicago and was HIGHLY anticipating visiting this place due to the great reviews but mostly because it meant I could FINALLY eat gluten free fried seafood in NOLA!
We planned to have lunch here on the day we were leaving town since they are closed Sun-Monday so planned our last day around showing up here on a Tuesday for lunch since they open at 11AM. We even went to get cash since it's cash only from the ATM and walked around the area waiting for it to open.
At 11:05 we walked into the restaurant and we were told they were not open yet, that the door should have been locked - they were waiting for the waitress, but we could wait inside and check out the menu. They were really friendly and we had no problem waiting.
However as we waited in the front area of the restaurant, my husband spotted a 2-inch cockroach on the wall behind me. We are in NOLA - yes there are huge bugs. I figured hey, it's a roach - even though I would normally freak out but I really wanted to eat here. My mouth kept watering at the menu offerings and we were told it would only be a few more minutes. However, the roach eventually made its way onto the ceiling and only missed falling on someone's head by a few inches. 
BUT the worst part was as we waited for another 10 minutes or so, we spotted another 2 equally sized huge roaches joining the 3rd one on the ground. They were not afraid of people and were just crawling around the floor - all the while fresh oysters were being delivered & shucked in that same room. Health code violation??
At this point, we decided to not continue waiting since we could no longer eat here with any peace of mind. I couldn't even imagine what was going on behind the scenes where the food was prepared if 3 huge roaches were out in plain view in broad daylight in the front area of the restaurant.
We left  -- saying we would come back when they were ready to open (at this point it was around 11:30AM already). We were extremely disappointed to say the least - and quite disgusted. I guess if anything I'm glad they weren't ready to serve us because I don't know what I would have done had we ordered/received our food then saw the roach madness. Again, the staff was really friendly but I don't think I can ever give this place another try given what we saw/experienced.Can anyone explain the fuss about Casamento's? I got the oyster stew and half an oyster loaf. Unremarkable and definitely not worth the wait and odd hours.This place is a dirty little hole in a wall place where older people and hipsters like to go. There are two smallish rooms with formica top tables. The containers of horse radish on the tables are a little bit crusty and gross. Nothing here is super clean, and everything here is old. All the fried seafood is gluten free, just make sure to say "no cread". The cornmeal breading is by far the best gluten free breading I've had. All the seafood inside the breading is really good, too. There are also raw oysters and a pretty good beer selection. Their seafood platter was really 3 meals for me, and still good cold, so not a bad deal at all. This place is open weird hours so check befor you go. Cash only.Best oyster experience ever!  First of all the decor- the tiles are amazing.  The fresh oysters were sublime and the shucker flung one in my mouth from across the room for some added excitement.  The grilled oysters were simply ridiculous.  Best ever.  I loved the vibe, service and foodCame here s few years ago and it was delicious. Decided to come back with the kids. Not a good experience at all. The line was long which we expected, finally got seated. We were starving. Then we ordered chicken for the kids and they didn't have it which was on the menu.The food was terrible.... All of it... The bill was well over $100.00. Not worth the time or the money spent at all. The place really is filthy and there were gnats flying around the condiments on the table. The best part if the entire dinner was our kind waitress who stepped in for a rude one that yelled at my husband for sitting down while we were waiting. She didn't seem to care that he had a broken foot and that there were not a lot of seating options. Anyways, I have to say this was one of the worst dinner we had experienced in a long time.ummm...y'all, I may have a problem.  We went to Casamento's 2 Fridays in a row and now I want their gumbo every Friday.
I want to be one of those old ladies who dines at the same place every day and gets the exact same thing.  It has now been 2 weeks since I ate at Casamento's.  We'll see if I make it to a month without going back.
If you see me checkin, start planning the intervention.Went there for lunch. After standing in line to be seated, a local told us that their fried seafood is out of this world. We ordered some fresh oysters, a grilled shrimp dinner and a fried catfish dinner. Both dinners come with French fries (like 6 of them) and toast. I wanted to get gumbo instead of fries but was told it wasn't an option, so I just got it separately- it was the best part of my meal. The oysters were HUGE and they were opened right there at the front of the store. A unique piece of the experience was that they hand bread and fry in a kettle every dinner to order. The shrimp was ok, nothing unique. My catfish was also nothing to rave about. After It was advertised so much by the local, I was expecting much better. Get the gumbo!Such a cute place. The shucker is at the middle of it all with a big muddy pile of fat, fat oysters. High ceilings and amazing ancient fluorescent lamp fixtures, shiny tiles 8ft up the wall, and a floor from some other universe. Service is pretty bad, and I have nothing good to say about Gulf oysters in general. Fried crab claws are not worth the novelty, but Barq's in a bottle is.
Looks closed from the outside if there's no line, which there probably will be. A long one.
Cheap.Whoa, the size of NOLA oysters are ridiculous!  We recently visited and were told this place was a must see.  Very casual and friendly atmosphere and easy to get into for lunch.  We sat next to the oyster guy, who shucked our two dozen oysters with ease.  He even sent me some "special sauce," which was basically cocktail sauce with horseradish and squeezed lemon juice.  Interesting oysters...they are huge, mild in flavor, and kind of watery.  We also had the fried oyster sandwich, dressed of course!  Yum!  Definitely go here if you are visiting for a NOLA local experience.This place is great if you can't have gluten and crave fried seafood. My husband has Celiac's disease and had their fried oyster and fries with no reaction at all! I had their gumbo since I do not eat fried seafood, and it was very good. The interior is not pretty. I think the place used to be a shower or something because the floor and walls are tiled with stainless steel hooks. It is not a date place, but the food is good.Sorry to give this restaurant only two stars but the oyster stew was curdled. At least the waitress took it off my bill. The oysters on the half shell were very good.GLUTEN FREE!!! 
Every delicious item except the chowder (I think) was available gluten free, because they don't use wheat in their batter! Amazing find.
I got the chicken, my husband got the fish. Both were tasty. 
Bring cash! Highly recommended.Is there an "r" in the month you are currently traipsing through?  Are you in NOLA?  You need to head here for oysters.  Or soft shell crabs.  Or oysters.
Reasons you should love about this place:
* They use a cornmeal breading for all of their fried food, so, awesome if you have wheat or gluten issues - plus, it tastes better than the flour fry
* It's on Magazine Street (and only a couple of blocks from Planned Parenthood - holla!)
* They had Robb Walsh's book, Sex, Death, and Oysters prominently displayed underneath all of the famous-people-signed t-shirts (Houston in the house!)
* The food is very good, if you love Gulf oysters (ersters, if you listen to Ella and Louis)...and you should love oysters no matter who you are(!) or how you pronounce it
* The bathroom is through the kitchen, past the gumbo and oyster stew and and andCame here at 7 on a Friday and waited about 25 minutes to get seated. Food was pretty tasty and reasonably priced: we tried the crab claws, oyster stew, oysters on the half shell, and a few of the fried dinner platters. The low rating is because 4 out of our party of 5 got really bad puke-your-brains-out/I-feel-like-I-have-cholera food poisoning the next day. I know there's an inherent risk in eating raw seafood, but we ate off of different trays of oysters and almost all got horribly sick. Completely ruined my weekend; will not be back.I had a half trout loaf and half shrimp loaf. They come on a special white bread not French bread. While we were eating, famed Mississippi restauranteur Robert St. John showed up to dine there, so we knew we were in the right place.Long wait but worth it.  Hidden gem.  HUGE oysters.  Very local.  Lots of mud which makes it pretty authentic (i guess).  Good place to take people from out of town to have a local feel.My wife and I have eaten here a dozen times and never been disappointed. You will wait in line for a table, expect 30 minutes minimum. It's about more than the food here though. The history and ambiance of this very small restaurant are intoxicating to me. We ate a couple dozen oysters waiting in line at the bar. Mike, a champion shucker, kept us company while we waited with some really plump and terrific gulf oysters at $11/dz. I usually get the oyster loaf dressed and a cup of oyster stew. Today was no different and I can highly recommend both. Nothing fancy, very straight forward and simple but perfect in it's simplicity and perfectly executed. We've had and enjoyed the fried catfish and the gumbo on past visits. This is old New Orleans at it's best. Long live Casamento's!!!!!Oh my I don't even know where to start. This place looks like just a plain old diner but there is nothing plain about it. Even tho we ordered simple food, it tasted like nothing we've ever had before. We were on vacation and I had seen this place on Food network so I knew I wanted to try it. We started off with raw oysters. They tasted great, I just wish they cleaned them. Then my mom ordered the oyster soup, omg that was so amazing. I ordered the oyster loaf and even tho it just looks like fried oysters on bread, it tasted so yummy. There was some secret flavor in there some where and the oysters were fried so perfectly. I never liked fried oysters until this sandwich. I have mom a couple of bites and she ended up having to order her own. I would definitely recommend getting it dressed which means lettuce, tomato, and I think onions. The staff is so nice, I even went to say hi to the guy shucking the oysters and he just kept talking to me like we've been friends forever. Kudos to him for shucking all day every day they are open! That's hard work!4/5 only because this place isn't open ALL the time - it really should be.
Always busy, always high quality oysters. When I think of my favorite oysters in the country, I think of Cassamento's.My husband saw this place on one of the food shows so we decided to try it out. When we arrived there, we had to wait in line for about an hour before a table became available. This place is pretty small and old. Apparently, not a single thing has been changed since it originally opened. The cash register is the most ancient thing in there. They don't even use it to calculate the ticket!  It is used to just hold the money. Ok back to the waiting part. While you are waiting for a table, you can order drinks and/or raw oysters and eat it at "the bar" while standing (no stools to sit on).  I don't know what to call the area. It's like a bar area but not really if that made any sense.  We ordered a dozen raw while waiting and Mike (one of the fastest oyster shucker out there, he has trophies to prove it!) made his special dipping sauce for us. My husband loved his signature sauce but I didn't find anything too magnificent about it. I think it was horseradish, cocktail sauce, hot sauce, lemon, and maybe melted butter?  Basically everything I would put on my raw oyster anyway except the butter. But the raw oysters were the BEST RAW OYSTERS I have ever had!  It was nice and cold and great size!!!  They were nice full/plump oysters.  Sometimes Mike shucks faster than you can eat them so you can get a batch that is not ice cold.  If you eat at the bar, don't forget to tip Mike!
When we were finally seated, my husband and I ordered 3 more dozen raw oysters to eat. Yes, they were that good!  He ordered the oyster half loaf and I ordered the soft shell crab half loaf.  The oyster loaf is what was featured on TV but I didn't think it was all that great but my husband loved it. It would have been better if there was some kind homemade mayo/Cajun sauce on it. The fried oysters on the loaf was a good size though.  Unlike how some places, it seems like you are eating mainly batter. 
I lived in Louisiana for most of my life and these are the best oysters ever. My husband and I look forward to our next trip to New Orleans to get more raw oysters!Casamento's isn't a terrible place, but I didn't leave blown-away. I was a bit shocked when I entered to see a sign placed on a partition in the middle of the restaurant to notify customers that they are a cash-only establishment. I'm sorry, but what sort of restaurant doesn't accept debit or credit cards well over a decade into the 21st century? They are a pretty small establishment, but it's interesting to watch the oyster-shuckers behind the counter as you're waiting for a table. It's definitely a dive, but not uncomfortably "dive-y." 
Service is pretty decent. Most of the menu consists of fried food which doesn't really bother me as much as it does other people. I mean, we're in the Deep South after all. I went with the Seafood Platter just to get a sampling of everything. The portions were good. Mostly everything was tasty, especially the oysters which were plump and hearty. The crab claws were a little anemic and overcooked, and the fries were boring and genetic, but nothing on my plate was absolutely ghastly. 
That being said, while my food was good, it simply wasn't memorable. I could get a meal equally as good just about anywhere else in the gulf area. There was a bit of a lack of seasoning. In hindsight, I wish I'd tried the gumbo. It looked tasty and authentic. As one final note, to get to the restroom, you have to go THROUGH the kitchen. Let me repeat that: THROUGH THE KITCHEN. With loud, busy cooks and hot grease everywhere. Talk about awkward and uncomfortable...Small menu, but absolutely perfect. Great raw, fried, grilled oysters. If there's a line, ask for a half dozen raw while you wait, tip the shuckers and ask them for sauce. They make a cocktail sauce right there, and it's delicious. Sriracha may be the secret ingredient...
Random hours, but figure it out. Definitely not to be missed.THE BEST OYSTERS in New Orleans, or anywhere.  This place hasn't changed an iota since its inception three generations back (except for lighting twenty years ago or so).  Barq's is the perfect accomplace to the crime of passion Cassamentos will lavish upon you.  Go hungry. A dozen raw, and another dozen fried and served on a very special sourdough French bread that isn't replicated anywhere, by anyone.  This is what God's oyster poboy tastes like.  This is the kind of sandwich that reaffirms belief in sandwiches.  The french fries are cooked in the oyster oil, and they pair so well with everything you think they're just ordinary fries.  I've eaten filet mignon while thinking about this place.  Its not open when oysters aren't in season.I got the half oyster loaf.it was really good and a nice size sandwich.I'm glad I didn't get the whole because it filled me up. The fried crab claws were ok..the little coca cola bottles were so cute with the shot glass.First things first, CASH ONLY.
Also there is a line, and it's usually pretty long.
I didn't feel like the food was seasoned that well, maybe we caught them on a bad day, but for the $100 we spent for 3 adults and one child for lunch, I felt like we could have just gone to Draggos and been much happier.Facade was not much to notice. This place is 92 years old and when we opened the door we were not expecting such a bright clean restaurant with nary a scent of "fishiness". 
Arrived 1/2 hour after opening and we were the first in line for a table. As we waited we were greeted by Mike Rodgers, 5 time oyster shucking champion - who was shucking away at the oyster bar. Super friendly and personable he was. Asked if we would like to start with some fresh oysters and we gladly accepted. Quick wit and quick with the dozen. He whipped up a bowl of his 'special cocktail sauce'. The oysters were sweet, fresh and amazing with Mike's concoction. His sauce even impressed my Hubby who does not like horseradish. They were slurped down in a matter of moments and contemplated more but we went on to Casamentos' oyster and shrimp 'loaf" (their versions of po-boys).  
Simple fresh quality ingredients cooked perfectly Excellent.Very classic & very local (Except for the tourists... like us!)
Be there early. We were there few days before the New Year and people were lining up outside before the door opened!
Lucky us at the front of the line so we could pick a table in front of Mike to see the 5-time oyster shucking champ does his magic! We were there for 30 minutes Mike probably shucked 200-300 oysters... and the restaurant was just opening!
I love their fresh raw oysters and their oyster loaf! The fried oysters were crispy & light!Casamento's was recommended to me by many people, including Partner in Crime's dad. Unfortunately the experience was anti-climactic.  Service was...weird. We actually didn't have a waitress. It was as if four different people were "helping out" the server we didn't really have. The lighting was bright, the ambience was dive-y.Heed ye the ole instructional trope, "If the month ain't got an R, then it's best to say nope." Oyster teachings... 
One of the perks of visiting New Orleans during a month whose name contains the letter, "R," is that Casamento's is open for oyster b'ness. Oysters galore! Raw, charbroiled, fried light and crispy: They know their oysters, they do. I look forward to our oyster feasting here.
There is not an abundance of seating at this classic old schooly place. There are only two very small dining rooms, so waiting entails the somewhat awkward dance of staying out of the paths where servers tread. Feeling like a lumbering redheaded obstruction might increase one's general sense of oafishness, but I soldiered on... and watching the champeen himself effortlessly shuck dozens upon dozens of rocky shells, while intermittently shoveling loads more of them out of the large metal bin that serves as their cooler, proved an entertaining and hypnotic distraction. That dude's a pro. Cool too that he offered that we could stand, lean and split a dozen while we waited for our table. I love them big, super fat, fresh, briny oysters. Love them.
At our table along with our bottles of Dixie and Abita, we ordered another raw dozen and some of the excellent charbroiled oysters too. Be advised, where the raw babies run $11, the charbroiled dozen are about $18. They're absolutely tasty business- they oysters themselves are just barely cooked, perfectly, and served in their shells broiled just enough that they're bubbling with garlicky butter, herbs, and parmigiana. I mention their cost only because I neglected to check when excitedly nodding, "Oh yeah," when our gal asked if we were interested... and since Casamento's is cash only, I had a mild moment of panic when I saw our bill. I had enough cash, sigh of relief, but not to fear anyway, they do have an ATM on premises.
I really dig the decor, in all its art nouveau tiled glory. It's very cool in an unchanged old-timey way; enjoy your oysters in perpetual vintage. The white, green, and cream tiled walls gleam with tangible cleanliness. I appreciated immaculate appearance. There's a certain hygienic  charm... It's encouraging when devouring raw seafood, you know. 
The sense that floor to ceiling is spotless is heightened by the fact that the whole restaurant is flooded with fluorescent overhead lighting. So, it's possible yo dates will look as pretty as they do in the supermarket freezer aisle, or when institutionalized. I know I did! But who cares when you gots some oysters to enjoy in classic atmosphere... and as far as I know... oyster aphrodisiac overcomes memories of two-face in the dining room.First off - the best raw oysters I've had in my life. Everyone in my family agreed. The rest of the food was alright. The oyster bisque was bland and watery but nothing some salt, pepper, and worcestershire sauce couldn't fix. However my complaints revolve less around the food and more that we were overcharged. Upon receiving our bill (which was written messily by hand) we immediately thought it was too much money. Whether it was accidental or intentional by our server, we admit that we should have politely asked her to recount the bill. We paid in cash as that is all they take and tipped 20% as customary. It wasn't until getting home referencing  a menu online where we recounted everything we ordered (including tax) and found we were overcharged well over $20.. before tax. I am not insinuating our server did this intentionally nor are we going to call the restaurant to fix it. I would just like to urge future guests to be observant of their hand written receipts.Best oyster soup in the city. It's a great way to see Magazine street too.OMFG guys! We finally got into casamentos. This place is open at the most random times of the year, so this is the first time we've been by and its been open. 
I recommend this place to NOLA natives and very open minded tourists who are not in a rush. This place is as "big easy" as it gets, meaning you will wait a long time, it's cash only and the service leaves much to be desired.
But, if you can deal with all that you can get cheap, fresh and amazing oysters with a big abita amber and call it a day. 
Shout out to Mike - 5 time oyster shucking champion! It's so cool to watch them shuck the endless piles of oysters that will eventually go in my mouth!Why on earth would you not have the oyster shucker rinse off the mud caked all over the oysters? And if you're not going to rinse them for some mysterious aesthetic reason then at least get someone to shuck them who won't get a bunch of grit and shell chips into the oyster meat!!! My fiancee about chipped her tooth!!! And I know this is not a one time event either because later, she was talking with some friends about Casamentos, she mentioned the dirty oyster problem, and they had the same experience! Lagniappe is one thing but keep that nasty gulf swamp mud out of my mouth!If you want great seafood in a diner like atmosphere, this is the place. Fast, nice pleasant service. Been doing it the same way for around a 100 years. Plus one of few places all fried food is gluten free.A certified-platinum New Orleans classic, no doubt.
When you step in, you might think you've entered a Smithsonian exhibit, because the restaurant probably looks about the same as did when it opened in 1919, except for a little flat-screen TV sitting pointlessly atop a dividing wall.  The floors and walls of the shotgun-style room are so covered with mostly-white tile that you might alternatively think that you've mistakenly wandered into an ancient steam room that for some reason is serving as a warehouse for chairs and tables and an oyster bar.  
Casamento's doesn't have a very big menu:  oysters both on the half shell and fried, seafood gumbo, oyster stew (oysters in a bold milky broth, simple and good), oyster "loaf" (basically a po-boy served on thick, toasted white bread), and a handful of fried seafood plates.  
As far as I (and a bunch of others) are concerned, the reason you come here is for raw oysters.  They're terrific, and Casamento's seems to corral some of the bigger Louisaiana bi-valves for your enjoyment.  Seafood gumbo is good, too, although probably slightly overpriced given the paucity of actual seafood you get.  
I can't really speak for the rest of the menu.
Why do I dock Casamento's a star?  For the same reason that I'd dock a few other NOLA classics:  This place is so able to rest on its laurels that service just doesn't have to be very good, and it isn't.  For about five years back in the '90s I lived about six blocks from Casamento's, but after my first visit I rarely went back because the service on that occasion was so bewildering and off-putting.  As a New Orleans newbie, I had apparently violated some mysterious Casamento's protocol (still don't know what it was), and the offended, gnome-like waitress would (or could) barely communicate with us.  She eventually sent somebody else over to deal with us clueless yokels.  The subsequent few visits, including this one, were quite a bit better, but service hasn't risen to more than a couple of degrees  above competent indifference.  You and your companions will probably get served at different times, and you might watch folks who came in 15 minutes after you get their oysters before you (I did on this visit).  And if you have to wait in the queue (likely), you won't get much guidance about where you're supposed to stand.
Anyway, the garrulous shuckers behind the oyster bar seem to be the nicest folks in the place.  If you're having raw oysters, be sure to tip them separately.
N.B. I'm sure some of the other Yelpers here have noted as much, but Casamento's completely shuts down for months when oysters are not in season.  Call ahead if you're from out of town and not sure...My first visit to NOLA and I knew I had to get oysters. We got two dozen raw and 1 dozen grilled. I could have easily had another dozen of the raw, they were that good. The grilled are incredible, too. But for us, just a dozen is plenty because they are really rich. 
I had an Abita bock with the meal, and enjoyed it. First time having an Abita for me. After the "appetizer," the rest of the family got a few "loafs," which kinda freaked me out, but once they arrived I understood. Kind of like immense po' boys. Very tasty. I had the plain old grilled cheese, which is essentially what all little kids used to have with their tomato soup when they were five years old--white bread and some Kraft singles. Now, some of you may think that's a negative, but I was in heaven. 
I'm knocking off a star for the slow service. But to be fair, they had just re-opened for the season about a week before, so they were still slammed with all the people who treat the re-opening like a holiday, and we were a fairly large group, so I'm sure it was a challenge to get all the food out together. 
Regardless, it was a great oyster night, and I love the nostalgic feel of the place.I just love this restaurant for the grilled oysters and they are worth standing in line for. It is known to all the locals and never disappoints. 
The Palmetto bug prefers to be outdoors but can wander indoors now and then. I would just ask the waitress to sweep it out the door and not give it another thought, I don't believe they are dirty and get into food like roaches. But I'm not a native to this area. Will I go back to this restaurant, absolutely !! 
Get some fries and a little short beer to go with the oysters and you will be in heaven.best oysters i have had. Shrimp sandwich was delicious! Be prepared to spend some money! Welllllll worth it!simple and fresh.  it ain't always pretty (or shell-less) but it's always a good time.  the oyster loaf, the crab claws, the raw and fried - i haven't had a disappointing meal yet.  (though i suppose if i was looking for one, i might order the spaghetti and meatballs.  random.  but i guess they needed to make a concession for the folks who wander in and don't like seafood...)I can't even describe how it feels to enter this place. It is like stepping back in time. White tile everything, fluorescent lights, stuffed animals on the walls, tin nativity scenes tacked on above the tables, real coke bottles, a dozen oysters for $8.50, waitresses in sweats, two men behind the bar doing nothing but schucking sack after sack of oysters, pictures on the menu, need I go on?
We ate well the first few days in New Orleans. But when the higher ups left and it was just us lowly serfs left, we decided to skip the $25 entrees and go local, all the way uptown. 
It was probably one of the most memorable meals I will every have. The gumbo was to die for. The fried seafood platter contained this amazing catfish I can only describe as cloud-like, AND it was not greasy (how did they do that?). The oysters were so so good (both raw and fried), I just want to go back right this second. 
This is another must visit place - it will give you something Emeril or Bayona or any of those high flute'n places can't. Sure you have to take a long cab ride there, and sure everything else in the area is closed by 10, and sure you have to walk through the greasy kitchen to get to the bathroom, but saying it is worth the food is a gross understatement.Loved the food at Casamentos and was so excited to try it because since I've been gluten free it's been impossible to find the fried seafood I love! It's not the most impressive looking restaurant but the food is great and both my parents who aren't gluten free also loved it. Tastes just like the normal stuff. If you can get past the kind of dirty looking restaurant you'll love the food. Also they don't have many waiters, but it's a small place so I understand.I was invited here to meet some friends while visiting New Orleans for the holidays. They said this place came highly recommended and they have been dying to get there, It was quite a distance from where I was staying, so they got in line to wait to be seated. Once I arrived at  the location the first thing I noticed is it was going to be hard to find a place to park as they don't have a private lot or any off street parking.I was "lucky" to find a spot around the corner less than a block away. It is in an area called uptown and parking is a premium. I am so spoiled here in Houston lol.
I arrived just in time as soon as I walked it was time to be seated. We were all hungry so we perused the menu and ordered a few items. They are know for their oysters so we had a dozen of raw oysters and a dozen of the char-grilled ones also to start. I am not a big oyster eater but they both were good. Now my friends on the other hand said that the char-grilled ones were over cooked as they stuck to the shell and should not have. That seemed plausible but I had nothing to compare it to?
We also had a couple of oyster and shrimp loaves, some gumbo and a seafood platter in addition to the several beers we used to chase down all of this food.
Although I wasn't paying for the meal I did see the bill and we did reach 3 figures before the tip. One thing I can say for sure the service was excellent.Fat oysters, cold Abita, friendly folks, no pretense, great vibe.  I always make sure to get here whenever I'm in New Orleans.This is just a hole in the wall, but well worth a visit. Great chargrilled oysters - as good or better than you can get in the French Quarter. Also a great place if you like soft shell crabs. Will come again on our next visit to NOLA.The place is tiny with the front area for parties of 2 and 3 and the back room for larger parties. We waited for over one hour but were rewarded with the freshest oysters we had in New Orleans and the cleanest soft shell crab we have ever had. You line up at the counter and wait for a table to open up. The kitchen is visible from the back room and the line. You could see the chefs working to fill orders. When we were waiting in line, a patron that just finished his meal said it was worth the wait. It was! You need to make sure you have 2-3 hours to spare for a big party. The service was Southern Hospitality style. If you are accustomed to fast service, be prepared for a fast paced laid back kind of service. The Fried Oyster dinner was amazing! The oysters were not over cooked. The half shells were extremely fresh and very creamy. The soft shell crab was battered and fried to perfection. The parking was a little tricky. We ended up parking on a residential street and walking around the block. However, it was well worth any issues that came up!Fantastic fresh oysters and soft shell crab make this place a must when eating your way through New Orleans.
Although the travel guide listed the price as $ our lunch for 2 was $38 making it more like $$+.we stopped in casamento's for lunch on a thursday during the jazz fest weekend.  it wasn't crowded and found a table right away and i ordered my oyster loaf, large and  dressed.  absolutely out of this world deliciously fresh and delicate with taste.  i savored each bite and thought to myself, you better remember this moment in time.  i finally looked up halfway through my consumption and notice the long line forming from the front door to the cashier/order taker.  we came in just in time.  after finishing the loaf i had the best feeling of human fulfillment in quite a while.  we  left happy and satified and lucky that we didn't need to wait for a table and in line for a scrumptious loaf.  next time i will order oysters on the half shell.  i can't wait!Good friendly local atmosphere, south at its best, you can get any sea food here but only fried. the brew is also good.... its a nice place to be noisy and hangout with friends.I live close by, so I have had the opportunity to eat at Casamento's fairly often. 
Casamento's lives off of its old New Orleans "charm", not its food or service. By comparison, it is among the least customer friendly restaurants in all of New Orleans. Its days and hours of operation are just plain incomprehensible. They accept only cash - no credit cards - and they think it is just fine to have at ATM for your convenience. The tables and seating are awkward at best. (Try the seat that faces the wall.)
As for the food, anything that is fried is average. The po-boys, regardless of the type, are below average mainly due to the bland unappealing toast, instead of good French bread, they are served on. Soups (gumbos, etc.) are average at best. The food is, overall, yellow, unhealthy, and on the greasy side.
The raw oysters are good, but there are plenty of other places nearby that are better (i.e., try Frankie and Johnny's) - I'd say these are above average.
Bottomline is that Casamento's is living off of its heritage and quaintness as an old school oyster bar, but it is nothing special. There are many other places in New Orleans with superior service and food. For exceptional raw oysters, go to Frankie and Johnny's. For exceptional po-boys, go to Guys Po-Boys, Crabby Jacks, Domilises, Ye Old College Inn, or Parkway Bakery and Deli (THE BEST). Casemento's needs to move into the 21st century a little.Unflattering bright lights shine on you as you stuff your face with the best oysters and, in my opinion, THE ONLY oyster loaf in town!  Oh sweet (and deep fried) memories....After doing sickeningly extensive research on po' boys from a distance via food blogs, travel articles, and locals' advice, I was finally in the Garden District of New Orleans ready to throw down for My First Oyster Po'Boy Actually Consumed In New Orleans.
Except here at Casamento's, a small mom and pop with Jimmy Carter's signature on a t-shirt on the wall and a dizzying, patterned tile floor, the sandwich is called an Oyster Loaf. Perhaps this is because of the famous house bread, which is basically a thick and fluffy toast that you can compact with your grubby little hands to fold around the contours of the fried morsels of oyster in order to make things more manageable.
It was prime dining time when we got there, so we stood in line with old local grannys and grandpaws mixed in with Tulane students decked out in their Halloween best. The minor wait went by fast since we were able to alternately watch St. Louis in Game 7 of the World Series on a television screen and stare as cascades of muddy oysters rushed out of a special trapdoor next to the zealous shucker. 
Determined to pace ourselves, my friend and I each ordered a half loaf at market price, dressed (with lettuce and tomatoes for 45 cents more). Then, she had a cup of gumbo, and I went for a small portion of crab claws for $5.50 which was still a whole bunch of claws.
The po' boy was a dream, but you know what, it was the claws that truly stole the show. I was expecting a little plate or cocktail of something crunchy to work the meat out of. Instead, the plump crustacean joints were the embodiment of instant gratification; rounds of sweet, fresh meat sliding right off of the ligaments. 
Afterwards, we kind of sat back absentmindedly rubbing our bellies. When I had to walk through the kitchen to visit the dank but spotless bathroom out in the back, I was treated to the site of two women and one man shoving the trademark giant slices of bread into industrial ovens for crisping and regulating pot after bubbling pot - heavy, ancient iron with tons of old spillovers burnt permanently onto the blackened outside. Almost slipped on some sawdust on the floor - watch out!
They began closing up shop, but miraculously didn't seem to mind that some folks had just been seated and others were obliviously lingering, taking their sweet time with a bottle of beer.
Comfortable, down home place. I'm glad I had my first real po'boy here.The chargrilled oysters were AMAZING.  Best food we had on our trip to New Orleans.When I come to NOLA this is my go to low key high flavor place to be!
The oysters are shucked by THE Ouster man and taste like the sea.
The fried seafood is gluten free (cornmeal only) as advertised in the menu.  Served simply and delicious!We had "stalked" this place for years, seemingly always stopping by when it was closed. Persistence finally paid off. The oyster po-boy was good. The grilled oysters OK. The shrimp sammie was better, in my opinion.I love old-timey places that have survived and thrived over the years, and certainly Casamento's fits that description.  The consummate oyster restaurant in New Orleans, it's been open continuously since 1919.  Except when they close every June, July, and August, much to the dismay of locals, who eagerly await it's reopening every year.
With a menu long on locavore supplies and tradition, Casamento's dishes out raw oysters ($11 a dozen in 2013), and fried seafood plates and "loafs", or poboys sandwiches, using their own special bread, and eschewing local tradition of French bread for poboys.
While the joint had been the setting and backdrop for numerous movies and television shows over the years, it's the inner workings, the kitchen, that make this restaurant shine.   Try the gumbo, some of the area's best, as are the soft shelled crabs.   That's what Burgerdogdaughter had the other day when we dropped in.
I went with a catfish poboy, as it's nearly impossible to be able to afford catfish in Portland, OR, where I reside.   Down these parts, it's dirt cheap and delicious.
We split a dozen raw oysters to start.
Casamento's should be on every tourist's list of 'must stops' in the Big Easy.  Be prepared to wait for a table, and it's cash only.Lunch on Saturday, March 20th. We got in the short line at 1:00 p.m., just before the big crowd arrived. Probably the best oysters on the half shell, ever. Very fresh! It was also fun watching them being shucked as we waited for our table. Good efficient service, good sandwiches and loads of atmosphere. Even with the small dining space and the long lines, we were never rushed and had a fun time. Walking through the neighborhood block party after lunch also made for a memorable experience and gave us a view of New Orleans beyond the French Quarter.Service was not good for a first timer no explanation to the line process. 
Food: crab claws did not have much flavor, oysters were great, and po- boy was mostly bread unlike traditional po-boy bread.Great historic eatery famous for anything with oysters in it. CASH ONLY so be warned. 
We came after a parade and caught their last hour of service. We ordered a little of everything and all the seafood was excellently fresh and cooked perfectly. I had the softshell crab and it came out lightly fried and excellent. 
Service is very warm and you can tell they've been around for quite some time. 
The bathroom is through the kitchen which is a great opportunity to see how things get down to your plate.  
Looking for a good casual good bite of seafood near Napolean? This will get you there.The best hidden gem in NOLA!!! Oysters are to die for and you can't beat the atmosphere! Super cute place it's a must!TOURISTS love it. LOCALS are underwhelmed.
Almost EVERY OYSTER (fresh and charbroiled) had pieces of shell in it. What the SHUCK? Who is the SHUCKER that SHUCKED THESE UP so badly?
No ice under the fresh oysters... Charbroiled oysters not nearly as good as Drago's and Katie's in Mid-City. Fried calamari was decent but had no sauce for dipping.
We didn't dare order anything after our meal as the stressed-out staff clearly wanted us to GET OUT since the line to get in was so long.
CASH ONLY? I'm very sorry... does our HIGH FALUTIN' need to use a credit card interfere with your OFFSHORE TAX SHELTERS??
I appreciate heritage and atmosphere, and that's the only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1. There are so many BETTER OPTIONS for oysters in the city and as far as Casamento's is concerned, they are giving the TOURISTS LOW EXPECTATIONS.I love Casamento's. From the tiles, to the oyster shucker calling hello as you enter, to smell of fresh, briny oysters, to the friendly service, to the gumbo (swoon) to the oyster loaf to the great location on Magazine Street--all a perfect New Orleans experience. My son and I particularly enjoyed watching the oysters being roasted in the back--flames and theatre! It's a great place for kids, thanks to the relaxed (and relaxing) servers who check on you often and kid-friendly menu options. It feels like the best of New Orleans distilled into one sweet space.First time eating here. OMG! The raw oysters were absolutely amazing. They were huge and plump. We've frequented other locations throughout the city for raw oysters but this is by far the absolute best. We shared a full oyster loaf and chargrilled fries. Can you say AMAZING?!! Great food. Will definitely go back and recommend to anyone.The best fried oysters shrimp gumbo everything is great . They serve there sandwich's on Texas toast . They shuck all the oysters they fry . My favorite 
Allen L.I was really surprised that this place did not live up to half the hype. Maybe I was there on an off day or maybe I didn't order the right things, but in my humble opinion the seafood could've blended in with just about every other side of the road diner. Oysters and everything was average but it gets two stars because service was disinterested and prices didn't match the quality of food.Oysters were good and the beer was cold!  Waitress a little distracted but waiter pinch hitting for her made it up.  No wait when we arrived but a long line when we left!  Fried Shrimp pleased my daughter and I enjoyed the Oyster Loaf after raw oysters.  We will be back!We live down the road, and love coming here when we need our fried seafood fixings. They never let us down.Wish i could say I loved this restaurant because of how excited my family of 5 was to get the chance to eat here. Sadly, the customer service ruined the whole experience. When we got there it wasn't very busy, and also we weren't tended to by the waitress the way we should've considering how empty the restaurant was at that time. Waitress was rude, and portions were a little unexpectedly smaller than we thought, yet quite expensive. Food was okay, but the bad experience was caused mainly because of horrible seating area room, terrible customer service, payment being cash only, and the food being pretty average. Nothing special. Might consider trying the restaurant again, but very unlikely. Wish we could've enjoyed the experience as much as we hoped, but sadly Casamento's was a disappointment. The day was picked right back up though after we visited The Creole Creamy. That joint, was WORTH the money, and the time. Service was pretty good, and the young lady that catered to my family was very sweet. That was the perfect way to recover from the experience at Casamento's. Take my advice and read reviews before you eat at ANY restaurant. The hype from Food Network was overshadowing the true experience at Casamento's.There were 3 couples in our group.  The only person impressed with the food was the one that got the raw oysters.  He thought they were excellent.  Several of us got gumbo and it was considered okay. The salad was nothing except iceberg lettuce and tomatoes.  Just about everything on the menu is fried.  
We were disappointed and expected more from this restaurant that was featured on Triple D.  Would not return.If you're here get the Chargrilled Oysters! Do not leave Casamento's without trying them. If you want fancy this is not your place; if you want amazing food, this is it.Food was just okay. The fish was bland. The fried oysters were good, crab was better than okay but not great. Good prices. 4 stars instead of 3 for having a gluten free menu.For anyone who knows real New Orleans gumbo and shrimp loafs, this place is awful. I highly do not recommend this place to tourists because it is not New Orleans cuisine. The place has a horrible stench when you walk in. You have to walk through the kitchen to go to the bathroom. Our waitress was wearing bedroom slippers. You can get gumbo just as good in a can at the grocery store. They are too cheap to buy poboy bread and serve it on doughy texas toast. This place is so loud because of the tile walls that you have to yell your order to the waitress. Bland and yuck!!Hands down my favorite place to get oysters, and without a doubt one of my favorite restaurants anywhere.
If you are looking for raw or fried oysters, COME HERE.
Awesome small New Orleans restaurant feel, with oh, so good fried seafood.
Start out with some raw oysters with your own self made cocktail sauce.
Then get some fried crab claws and/or fried calamari. Not many places still have fried crab claws. I feel like I saw them a lot more than I was younger, but what could be better than fried crab claw meat?
And then, one of my favorite things ever....The Oyster Loaf....fried oysters on thick cut white Bunny Bread. It honestly doesn't get better than this.
I can not stress enough that if you want oysters of fried seafood, make Casamento's your destination.Classic seafood joint with very few non-aquatic or non-fried options. We liked the retro feel, and the oysters are shucked right in front of you as you wait by people who've been doing it 30 years.
We were seated veeery slowly, because of the tiny dining room, so come with a small party or lots of patience. 
That being said, the food is done well, is pretty cheap, and came out quickly. The seafood gumbo was very good, and the fried calamari was crisp and meaty. If you're with non-seafood-eaters, know that the meatball loaf sandwich is a delicious option!We were a big party, but we managed to get a table after a bit of a wait. We ordered raw, charbroiled, and fried oysters and they were all good, so was the gumbo. I ordered spaghetti and meatballs, grilled cheese and French fries for my kids to share. They were the last ones to get their food, it all came out pretty randomly. The grilled cheese was fine, but the spaghetti was not right. The sauce was really sweet and the meatballs tasted off. They told me it was probably because it was pork and beef in them. No. That was not it. They also told me that they didn't make the meatballs themselves. We never did get the fries. They said they took the meatballs off the bill, but I  couldn't really tell as everything was handwritten. I really wanted to like this place, but unless you have celiacs I think there are better oyster bars.Always great for raw oysters! Just a comfortable, long time New Orleans place. I also recommend the shrimp loaf.I Really Really Want To Give It Five.
I mean, you can't step inside this place and not feel like you've found something special. You might as well be in someone's kitchen, the tiles and chairs and tables really make you feel like you've been invited over by your friend's mom. I half expected to find a lime green N64 plugged into the TV. Unfortunately, I did not have the oysters, so maybe the next time I go out here I'll get a chance to fix that and give it the five stars I really want to give. The service was good, but the food was a little bit more expensive than what I expected ($20). I had the soft-shell crab plate. Never had soft-shell crab before, and they sure did give me what I ordered. Somehow they managed to fry it without trapping grease inside, it just tasted really clean and wasn't hard to eat at all. I had some jambalaya to start and it was really really good. It was kinda out of the way, since I was staying in the French quarter, but I was able to go to a local bar just down the street which really wrapped up the evening quite nicely. The french-fries were beyond belief, probably the best I've had so far. They were fresh and crispy and tasted like potatoes and weren't greasy at all. Overall, it's a really great place and worth going just for the atmosphere. I wish I had read these reviews because I would have tried some oysters for sure (why didn't I?!?!). Pair this place with Le Bon Temps and you'll have a nice night out. Get the french fries. My only complaint would be that it's not cheap, and the staff is a little unprofessional, but I guess that just has to do with the family owned/operated in the kitchen vibe.I really don't see what all the hype is about. Restaurant is on a crappy corner away from main area, had to wait 15 mins to be seated, food was BLAND, small portions and gross to look at. I got the gumbo and small shrimp dinner. The gumbo was ok, but nothing amazing. The shrimp dinner was teeny over-fried shrimp and some cold fries. The rest of my party of five all had similar foods (just plates of gross fried things), except for one who got the filthy raw oysters. To make matters worse, they forgot to put our order in, so we waited 30 minutes for all the food while other tables came and went. Would not recommend.The best fried oysters shrimp gumbo everything is great . They serve there sandwich's on Texas toast . They shuck all the oysters they fry . My favoriteIf you are a Celiac / Gluten Free diner and you want fried seafood - you have to come to Casamento's. We had the seafood platter and loved the fried catfish and oysters and also enjoyed the shrimp and crab claws. It's not a large place and it's cash only and isn't anything fancy to look at. It's very diner-ish - but super friendly and worth the wait (and trip to the ATM).Excellent food, friendly family style type service.  Prices are reasonable and definitely worth a trip over there if you are down visiting and staying downtown or in the Quarter.
Agree that the Oysters weren't presented in the same manner you would receive at a higher end spot but the quality was definitely there.
Plan on heading back next time I'm in town.As Zagat once said, "You feel like you're transported to the bottom of a swimming pool."  A place that looks like this couldn't conceal a roach problem all that well.  And it's about as wide as a lap pool. Thank goodness the wave machine here is smoove.
Great texture to the oysters, generous sizes and often a baker's dozen.  Somehow the fact that they make you separate them from the shell helps turn the whole oyster assembly (you pick your fixins) that much more fun.  Everything is better than reliable, so sample the seafood plate to get a little of the best of Louisiana---it's not necessary New Orleans culture we're talking about here, though it flourishes because it rests on a Street called Magazine in The City That Care Forgot.  Service is bright and friendly, even as it pushes the crowds that can barely squeeze into the assembly-line seating method.
Hours are weird.  It closes early most nights.  And it's closed for the non-oyster season when the months lack the letter R.  And the unpleasantness that BP brought to the Gulf last April nearly killed it.
But it survives, and flourishes.  Sure, it's one of New Orleans' many unpretentious institutions.  But this time it doesn't seem to be trying to suppress the unpretentiousness---contrast this with Mother's, where the saltiness is a little forced and doesn't go down well because of the high prices.  Casamento's plunges you into Louisiana folk-food.Fantastic oyster loaf - a very unique sandwich.  Outstanding gumbo as well.  We would go out of our way to eat here again when we return to the area.We had a dozen raw oysters on the half she'll. They came fast, fresh, with a little grain on them but it was just a few of them. Gumbo was flavorful with fresh seafood in it. Sandwiches were large and filling. All the staff is polite, very happy, and it's contagious.ARROGANT WAIT STAFF!! Didn't even get the chance to eat here because the staff refused to acknowledge us after 15 minutes of standing by the "Please Wait to be Seated" sign. Obviously resting on its reputation instead of customer service.A New Orleans classic. Go for lunch if you don't like waiting. Also, make sure to note their very odd hours (dinner Thurs-Sat/lunch Tues-Sat). Closed for all of June, July and August. Friendly, attentive wait staff. Classic is also the word I would use for the decor. Great fried softshell crab (incredibly hot - I burned the roof of my mouth), tasty fried oyster loaf. The only reason to go there is for the seafood. So no need, in my opinion, to order spaghetti and meatballs. Go to the bathroom too, as it takes you through the homely little kitchen where you can see the oil frying away . Next time I will get the raw oysters.Oyster stew, crab claws, gumbo, & half shells. Food is so so to good. Was nice as a quick, light lunch for two.Cash or check only.
The small cups are for drinking, even beer.
Great crab claws. I don't eat oysters but my fiance enjoyed the 1/2 dozen.  Don't get the meatball anything unless you like sweet tomato sauce. It's only on the menu for people that like that and don't like any kind of seafood.  I wasn't in the mood for fried anything and meatball poboy sounded good, but it wasn't.
I liked that they bring you the whole jug of blue cheese dressing for your salad instead of a small little cup. It's like "I trust you. It's only dressing. Enjoy as much as you like."
Make your own cocktail sauce. My fiance loved that he could just put lots of horseradish and lemon on his oysters and nothing else.
Yummmmy french fries.  Sweet waitress.  It was packed 10 minutes after they opened for dinner.Yesterday, craving an oyster po-boy, I asked for suggestions from my NOLA twitter friends, since a lot of places stopped making oyster po-boys after the oil spill. Got some excellent recommendations including Crabby Jacks (which I need to visit soon) but the best was Casamentos; a place I had always wanted to visit.  So me and my fearless camera headed for Casamentos...in search of the po-boy.
Casamentos is hard to categorize...sort of a mom and pop kind of place; small tables with plastic tableclothes, funky and very typical old school New Orleans.  I ordered a half oyster po-boy, but I also saw calamari and could not resist that, since I love me some good calamari.  It came first and did not disappoint.  Breaded with cornmeal and fried crispy, it was delicious in both taste and texture. And it came with a little dish to mix my own seafood cocktail sauce; a lemon, horseradish, and ketchup.  Nice way to make the sauce you like best...mine had extra  horseradish, of course.
The oyster po-boy (or as they call it, the Oyster Loaf) came dressed with mayonnaise, tomato, and lettuce.  And it was chock full of oysters.... divine.
For photos, see my photo blog; http://www.timecaptured.net/photoblog/?p=822This restaurant is not first come first serve. We were a party of four and we waited an hour and a half for food that was not very satisfying. We got to the front of the line and then the restaurant took in the party of eight instead of moving the tables around to accommodate our party that arrived earlier. I ordered the soft shell crab dinner and the crab wasn't really seasoned. The French fries that came with it was probably the highlight of my meal. The overall experience was "meh".Ambiance: No one else has mentioned it so I'm sure it's just me, but walking into this place is like walking into an industrial-sized bathroom. There's small tiles everywhere, and everything seems sort of grey-white. The Formica table tops with the steel banding just seem to add to this impression. 
Service: We came at 8:15pm on a Friday, and there was no line. The waitress nodded to us, and we sat by a table by the window. The place has a low-key casual approach to serving which serves me just fine. On an added note, the bathroom is through the kitchen which is great because you get to walk through there. Everyone just kind of nods at you but goes about their business while you desperately try not to slip on the floor (was there sawdust on it?). In other words, find a reason to go to the bathroom.
We had the fried oysters and the oyster stew. The fried oysters are exactly what you'd expect them to be, and the batter didn't seem too heavy. I personally was disappointed by the oyster stew because the broth was so thin. It's like eating water with oysters floating around in it. 
Price:The price for the fried oysters at first seemed a bit much... it's over $10, but now that I think about it finding oysters for cheap is not something I've been able to do. 
Parking: No problem just parallel it along the streets.
All in all, it's a solid respectable eatery if you want some food. Of course, get the oysters. I saw the menu had spaghetti for the poor-ridiculous soul who goes there disliking oysters or whatever. I'm giving this review three instead of four stars because I just feel like this is a place you eat at if you're in the neighborhood, but not something that has a inexplicable gravitational pull on you.Casamento's served me my first bite of food in New Orleans when I moved here 3 years ago.  And it was my first bite of meat in a year (I was a strict vegetarian).  And it was thrown into my mouth from 12 feet away.
While waiting at the bar for a table, the oyster man shucked one in front of  me and then, with the whole restaurant clapping and cheering my name, launched the erster perfectly into my mouth.  This place is excellent.
I'd say go for a dozen or two fresh, and the fried oyster sandwich.  Such a classic, clean little joint.Huge disappointment. I've been wanting to try this restaurant for a long time. It's been at the top of the list of best restaurants for oysters in NOLA, which I love. I've passed there before and seen long lines and a couple of times when I came they were closed because they are only opened during limited hours. Finally, today I got my chance. There really was nothing that they got right. When you go here, you get the feeling that they think that they are doing you a favor by feeding you their bland food. Lots of rules...cash only, no separate checks, you can't be seated until your whole party is there...and on and on and on...all designed to make life "easier for the restaurant," customer be damned. We had the worst service I've gotten in a long time. The waitress acted like she was too busy to wait around to see how she could serve us. She literally brought out iced tea and asked if we needed sweetner as she was walking away, then walked away before we could answer her! When we called her back and asked for some Splenda, she gave us 3 packets in her hands.  Seemed like they really didn't want to give us straws for our tea, like there's some sort of straws shortage. Waitress asked one person if they wanted fries with their sandwich, as if the fries were included in the price. Then, the fries didn't arrive with the food, so we asked if they were included in the price of the sandwich. I had a suspicion that they weren't and I was right. We told her not to bother bringing them since we were almost finished eating. A good server would have explained that the fries were extra up front, and after upselling us the fries without telling us they were extra, we shouldn't have had to ask for them.
I could have forgiven most of the service problems, if the food had been good. But, it was horrible. Everything in the place is fried and it seems like it was all fried in the same old/burnt oil. The food didn't look burned, but it had a bad taste, like the oil it was fried in needed to be changed. Even without the weird oil taste, the mix of cornmeal to flour in the batter seemed off, so it tasted like burnt flour and it had no seasoning. Bland and burnt/nasty tasting. You have to make your own cocktail sauce with this nasty looking horseradish that sits on the table...nothing to stop someone form contaminating it like a squeeze bottle or something. One person asked for an oyster poboy. What came out was an oyster loaf on toasted Bunny bread!!!! It was an oyster loaf, not a poboy and my guest hated it. He wanted a poboy on Leidenhiemer or another equally respectable French bread, Nola style. The chargrilled oysters were ok, but nothing in comparison to Dragos' oysters.  You just got the feeling that they were counting every napkin, straw, sweetner packet, tea refill.....I know that this restaurant has been around for 100 years, but maybe it's time for them to retire it. There were lots of people in the restaurant and in line, though. Mostly older people, but still a good size crowd. I'm embarrassed that I took out of town family members here, and I will not ever waste my time and money here again.Bad service, we have been waiting for 1-1/2 hours in line, and they took other customers behind us who came just 10 minutes ago, made excuse that we don't have table ready for us. So rude, I would not recommend this restaurant , since they are not professnal.Sure the raw oysters can be good here just as thy can be good anywhere that freshly shucks.  But the oyster sandwich is awful. It's over batterer over fried oysters served between two slices of dry angel food cake.  Maybe that was special 100 years ago.  If you are visiting New Orleans just stay away from this whole neighborhood.Best meal we had in New Orleans! My husband got fresh oysters and said he's never had better. We both got a cup of gumbo, which I preferred compared to most  due to the amount okra, most places don't put enough! 
We split the soft shell crab which was light and flakey goodness! Glad we saw this place on Food Network!Place was pretty good, not my favorite but not my least favorite. Food was pretty good but was way too expensive in my opinion. Glad I tried it but don't know if I'll come back, there's better places that I can go too that are far less expensive.Their oysters are huge and only $11/dozen!!  
The service was spectacular and everyone was so friendly.
We ordered 3 dozen and pretty much inhaled them - they were soooo good.  Mike does an awesome job shucking them - the right way - they just slide right out of the shell and into your mouth.  He also makes a killer cocktail sauce with Sriracha :)
The restaurant itself has a cool vibe.  We sat next to the oyster bar and watched plate after plate go out, watched the people line up to get a table.  Not really a place to grab a quiet meal, but most certainly worth the trip.
The fried seafood didn't really meet my expectations, but now I know there's really no point to bothering with any else but the oysters.Another one of those how have I not reviewed this yet.  I love Casamento's.  The seafood is always good and fresh.  And I love that my grandmother went as a child.  Just remember to stay out of the servers way while you're in line and it's all good.In 2013 the wife and I took our anniversary trip to New Orleans. We saw this restaurant on tv and just had to try it. 
Let me tell you it looks exactly the same as on tv. Old and nostalgic. The owner was there in his sleeveless shirt and working hard in that tiny and hot kitchen. 
I had the soft shell crab sandwich great sandwich just so much bread it's really over powering. The wife had the shrimp. We also are a dozen of the fresh oysters. It's a must if you want a great little hole in the wall place to eat. Just make sure they are open prior to driving that way.Great oysters. Love it! Just have to check out the times its open, which seems like hardly ever - worth it to find out though!
I  also heard they have their own oyster bed.
dozen oyster $8, on par with most other places and theirs are deliciosoI went to Casamento's for oysters at the recommendation of a native New Orleanean friend.  I found it to be overrated and overpriced.  I love the time capsule atmosphere with the old tile, and the service was friendly.  And the oysters were delicious...but the shells were covered in mud!  Are you KIDDING ME?  I mean, who doesn't wash their oysters before shucking them???  Surely this must violate SEVERAL sections of MULTIPLE health codes!!!  I also had the cheesy garlic bread, which was pretty good.  Oh...and they don't take credit or debit cards...but they have a handy-dandy ATM on premises to give you cash and relieve you of a few more dollars.  Don't waste your time or money in this place.  Go to Frankie & Johnny's on Arabella St instead.  If nothing else, the parking will be easier than it is on Magazine St.Well, I've gone down through about 20 reviews without seeing a comment about the very best thing on the menu at Casmento's....the FRIED CRAB CLAWS!
They are one of the very best food offerings in all of New Orleans!
sThis restaurant was really hyped but I found it lacking. Reviews said there would be crowds so we got there for lunch at 11. We were the first people in and it was never that crowded while we were there. The grilled oysters were very good but small. Our food came fried oyster dinner and oyster loaf. It was not hot and pretty bland.  Hard to believe in Nola's competitive market this one stays around.This place was awesome, best oysters in town! Try the oyster loaf, it's basically a whole loaf of bunny bread with fried oysters on it! Would give this place 5 stars if it was open more than 3 days a week for dinner. If that changes, I will immediately update this to a 5 star review.I came here based on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and my fellow Yelper's suggestions.  Casamento's has a classic "I haven't changed in affinity years, nor do I plan too" kind of feel and I like it. The seating was limited and we had to wait for about 40 minutes to get a table. There were four of us so we had to sit in the back. There are only tables for 2 in the front section. What I really like is the intimate feeling I got while there. Not intimate as in romance but as in quaint and cozy. I had a perfect clear view of the kitchen which was only five feet away and you get to walk through it on your way to the semi-outdoor restrooms. Pretty cozy indeed. It was fun talking to the 'award winning' oyster shucker as you wait. You can also buy fresh oysters as you stand in line. You can't get them any fresher than that I also enjoyed the original vintage tile that is everywhere.
Now onto the food. We ordered a bowl of the Gumbo to give us all a sampling. It hit the spot and we all wished we ordered more. We all ordered the Oyster Loaf  and that was a delicious treat. I'm am only a fan of fried food within moderation and this was perfect. Not too greasy. The seasoning was perfect and the portion was satisfying. I would definitely be down with that again. 
Because we all ordered the same thing we wanted to sample more and ordered the Soft Shelled Crab. It was out of season so quite expensive ($16). We all agreed that it was not worth the price, a little salty and just... so so at best.
We went on January 2nd before the Sugar Bowl and ran into a bunch of 'Bama fans. That was always fun and made sporting the Utah Ute attire that much more exciting.  
They were closed on the first. Also of note is that they close promptly at 2.I'd go back again. A family owned (fourth generation) place with great food. The fresh oysters were great, though they could have been cleaned better. The oyster stew was really good, as was the soft shelled crab. First time I'd had deep fried soft shell crab. VERY light batter, and you eat everything: the shell and all. Delicious. The best however was the shrimp. A light batter and perfectly cooked hot shrimp. Awesome. And, after eating them with my fingers, my fingers didn't even feel greasy. I can see why this gets such good reviews.Nice experience...If you want to eat oysters, this is the place to go.  We ate at Casamento's multiple times in the course of 2 trips and I have to say that they stay  very consistent with the quality of the food that comes out of their tiny kitchen.  Everything was as expected...I love, love, love their broiled oysters TDF!!!3.5 stars
There was a line and I think we were one of the last customers allowed in before they closed.  We studied the menu while we waited and ended up just enjoying a couple dozen oysters while in line and left.
This place was featured in Guy's DDD.  The man shucking the oyster is the champ and he was collecting signatures so we signed his book for him.Seriously this is my second home I love everyone that works there and the food is great.  Eating here makes to happy to eat seafood*CASH ONLY*
This was my first stop when I got to New Orleans. It is like walking into someone's kitchen! A very humble spot with amazing food. The line was to the door when my dad and I got there at 1:00 PM on a Saturday. You line up against the bar and wait to be seated. It can take a while but definitely worth it You can see all mementos from Casamento's on the wall- which is a great reminder of its rich history. I loved being able to see the staff shuck oysters along the bar!
The menu is very simple: oyster stew, raw oysters on the half shell, chargrilled oysters (which they make on the grill outback), po'boys, etc.
My dad and I got a half dozen of the raw and half dozen of the chargrilled. Sometimes large raw oysters can be a little too overwhelming, but not at Casamento's! Definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a homey place with that NOLA charm. Be prepared to wait though!My go-to NOLA oyster experience! Go for lunch and step into the wonderful past where the atmosphere and food isn't styled to feel authentic (not that there's anything wrong with that) but's it's just honest and real the way it was for generations!!!Great oysters! The shucker up front was a sweetheart, the service was..efficient. 
I like being able to make my own cocktail sauce. Wasnt impressed with the crab legs though. And i should have just gotten a 2nd batch of raw, instead of getting the friend oysters. 
Its interesting to see the kitchen as you walk back to the bathroom. Makes me feel a lil unhealthy seeing all that oil though. Oh well, still delicious!RE-OPEN now and shucking ass.
previous review stands, if not glorified by the whole oil spill catastrophe.
who cares about prices?  No more hard-to-find/stomach bucket oysters!
erections for everybody!How have I never eaten the gumbo at Casamento's?  Really it's just a crime.  E had the oyster stew in memory of his Dad. I had the gumbo and then we had some delicious fried oysters & shrimps.  So glad they have reopened this fall and that Mike is still the man shucking the oyster.
Dinner is much less crowded but they are only open on Thursday-Saturday nights and close @ 9, I think.We were happy to go to Casamento's so as to enjoy their gluten free offerings! The fried shrimp was great ! Definitely going back there, while I'm out here on vacation.Definitely don't recommend. I'd heard so much about the food here and was sorely disappointed. Everything was bland...even the seafood gumbo. In NEW ORLEANS. It honestly tasted more like vegetable soup with an oyster or two tossed in. Chargrilled, raw, and fried oysters were barely mediocre.  Also, the service was abysmal. They opened ten minutes late despite the 10-15 people waiting outside for the 5:30 opening time. Our server was blatantly rude and failed to adequately perform even the most basic wait staff duties like refilling water. Being in the service industry, I try to give most places the benefit of the doubt and at least a second chance if I'm not satisfied, but not this place. I will not return to experience the blandest seafood and poorest service in south Louisiana.Is it true what they say about oysters? I like to think it is. Because I get horny just thinking of this oyster bar. Shuck me baby. Shuck me all night long. Long and hard. And oh so yummy.
This place is a must go when you visit. NO wouldn't be the same without this place. Consistently consistent. Closed in the summer. Boo. But hey, Acme is open!I went here 10 years ago, and I remembered it so well that I had to go back when I visited it last week. Perfect fried seafood and fat Gulf oysters. $9 for a dozen oysters? Yes please. 
I had half an oyster loaf, and sampled my friend's gumbo. They were both exactly as I remembered it, about the most perfect examples of those foods as possible. This place is truly a New Orleans institution.I really enjoyed the oyster loaf.  It's made with a thicker Pan Bread and was more delicious than a regular roll that most Po Boys are made with.
The cup of gumbo was delicious and one of the best we had in New Orleans.  We had a plate of raw oysters and they were good, but a little dirty.
Basic dining room.  Interesting if you need to use the restroom...you go thru the kitchen where they have sawdust on the floor...be careful not to slip.
If we had more time in New Orleans, I would have come back for another oyster loaf!  Yum!I have been going to Casamento's for over 20 years. I consider it the best place for Oysters and particularly Soft Crab in the city.  
 I read some of the reviews on Yelp and wondered what was going on up there. So my friend Tina and I went last week, first time since the summer..  Some Yelpers complained about the quality of the seafood. Really???  Everybody knows that the crabbers all bring their super selects  directly to Casamento's because they will pay the price. 
 I live 7 blocks from Acme and Felix and prefer to catch a cab all the way up to Napoleon when I have an envie for really good Oysters.  
We shared a platter of perfect raw oysters. Then Tina had the oyster dinner  and I had my favorite soft shell crab sandwich not dressed, just butter on toasted bread.  Talk about divine.
The restaurant was busy . Two parties of 12 waiting in line and a bunch of guys. Service was great as ever.  I wanted extra lemon ...boom .  We asked for extra saltines ...yes m'am.
They were so busy but you could not tell.  I will say that if you want servers to be nice to you... you might want to try being nice.  To a server, I think that means   being patient when they are busy.  The owner, was rushing and I totally understood but she still found time to pass a word.
Casamento's is the real deal,  they are keepers of the way things used to be.  And they are uncompromising on there selection of food quality.  It has to be among the most immaculate restaurants in the city.  They scrub it daily between lunch and dinner.  They only take cash because...thats how its been since 1903. Owned  and operated by the same family even til now.
This is a special place from a simpler time.  So if you go , slow down and go with it. You can have a real  unique unpretentious  high quality food experience.  Not fancy but special none the less.This review really deserves one star.  I've been coming here for a span of 30 years  during visits to NO, often years in between visits.  Its always been something I really look forward to.  I left last Saturday so let down I don't know if I will return.  Oysters on the half shell served cool  to room temp, no ice, have to ask for basics that go with half shell served anywhere.  I got half way through and stopped....waitress paid no attention.  Looking forward to soft shell crab plate that came...have to ask and wait for tartar sauce, not huge but again just a really mediocre job on the crab.  I cant figure how this comes out anything but super hot but it had cooled to above warm and just nothing special on flavor or texture.  The waitstaff varied from tired to looking like they want to be anywhere else, trading comments about customers that really shouldn't be seen or overheard in a restaurant and impossible to not be heard in this small joint.  I hope I caught them on a really unusually bad day because this was a real letdown from an old fan
.Absolutely perfect lunch of a dozen oysters and gumbo.  This place is the real deal for an authentic New Orleans experience.My husband and I love Casamento's. It's our favorite place to have oysters in New Orleans and it's totally worth a quick cab ride from where we usually stay!! Our orders would consist of dozen oysters, a fried oyster loaf, a cup of gumbo and crab claws. I pair my food with Abita Restoration. Just heavenly.   This is exactly why I refuse to shell out $3 per oyster in Bay Area.We came to Casamentos last year.  My sister in law recommended it after seeing the restaurant on Food Network.  It was our first trip to New Orleans, and it was refreshing to come here after experiencing some of the tourist traps along Bourbon Street (where we were staying).  We had a quiet dinner and I thought it was a great deal for raw oysters.  We must have eaten three dozen between the four of us in our party.  Even my two kids joined in.  The neighborhood was also very cool.  There was some kind of local music festival going on in a park across the street.  If I come back to New Orleans, I'm definitely coming back here again.A friend and I ordered a shrimp loaf, a cup of seafood gumbo, and char-grilled oysters. We thought it was alright, but nothing great.  I would eat here again, but wouldn't ever have a craving for it.Excellent oysters and the oyster stew is very unique. Fried oyster plate is also amazing as well.
I'm glad my friend told me about the place.
The decor is very old school but aren't we here to eat. We're not here for a home decor isn't it. To me if the food is good, that's good. What else you are complaining about?Wonderful fried seafood for gluten free and non alike. Always visit this place when I come in town. Sometimes twice.It's cash only.  There's an ATM there.
You'll probably wait in line.  You'll be okay.
You'll walk right through the kitchen to get to the bathroom, too.  You'll like it.
We had two dozen raw, two Dixies and a order of chargrilled fries.  We sat right next to the bar, watched them shuck em and left with big smiles on our faces.  
This place is yet another New Orleans treasure.  If oysters are what you're after, go here.  Great value and great food!Lunch was an oyster binge!! Roasted (charbroiled), raw, fried. Each was heavenly! This place is casual, small and has been around 90 + years! Although we did not order, the crab claws looked divine. For my next visit, a shrimp or oyster dinner is on the list as their justifiably famous oyster loaf (not a po' boy!) was a bit heavy on the bread (Texas toast on steroids) for me. The fried shrimp therein were plump and perfectly fried, however. The space is warmly inviting and comes complete with the original tile floors and walls. The service was professional, friendly and unobtrusive. Oh, don't even think about coming here in June, July or August....or Sunday or Monday 'cause they be CLOSED! The two oyster shuckers in the front of the house know their way around a bivalve! Check 'em out...This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  I remember the first time I wondered in, years ago, there was hardly anyone else in the restaurant and I thought I had found a true secret gem.  Next time I went back I discovered Casamento's is a secret gem for a lot of folks.  Don't let the crowds deter you.  If you are looking for an authentic, total New Orleans experience, Casamento's consistently delivers.  I recommend the soft-shell crab loaf or the oyster loaf.  Everything is fried on the stove in clean oil.  Bathrooms are through the kitchen, giving you an opportunity to see how things are done when they're done right.So glad we stopped by here for dinner the last night we're in the Big Easy!  Everything we ordered was very good, and I loved being able to make my own cocktail sauce.  The other restaurants were too heavy-handed with their horseradish in their cocktail sauce.  We ordered 1/2 dozen raw oysters and crab claws as appetizers.  Oysters were fresh, but wish they would wash off the dirt from the shells!  It was difficult to eat the oysters and then everything else because our fingers got covered in dirt.  This would be a 5-star review if the shells were dirt-less. Crab claws were tasty, easy to get the meat off.  We got the small oyster dinner and soft shell crab dinner as our entrees.  The soft shell crab was so big and juicy!  
Entering the restaurant felt like we stepped back in time: the tiled walls, flourescent lighting, reminds me of places I've only seen in movies.  It was weird having to pass through the kitchen in order to get to the bathrooms, but you get a glimpse of how busy the place is.  Make sure you bring your moola, your plastic is no good here.4/5 gotta respect the establishment
i've only been here once, but i had a lovely history lesson about this terrific establishment thanks to Jen L. it's great that folks can come in and still find family running the joint, and you can tell their community appreciate them. took a bite of the gumbo and it was unlike any other - light, and really did have that sweetness that seafood can have. but the reason we were there was because i kept talking about how i wanted some fried fish - the trout became my solution...as well as the fried shrimp, oysters, and crab claws since i sprang for the seafood platter. i think the batter is all corn, so it was light and you could really taste the actual seafood instead of an oily cover. great service that kept my water glass full through the meal. my only gripe is they are cash only, though they do have a general ATM right at the front.I feel like I may get stoned with oyster shells for this review but I really don't find anything particularly extraordinary about Casamento's other than the tile. I've been there a few times now always hoping it will be better and I'll have the 5 star experience people are talking about and it never happens. 
We get there, we wait. We have some oysters at the bar from a fellow who is very proud of his shucking prowess but serves us up some pretty dirty oysters. Like make sure you don't chew too hard because you may clamp down on a piece of shell dirty. The oysters themselves are tasty, pretty much the local standard.
At our table we get service that would be good if the soup wasn't cold and then the promised reheated soup never shows up. In the mean time we order two more dozen delicious but dirty oysters and some beer accompanied by little plastic glasses. Catfish arrives and it's 4 star fried catfish. It's about 15 minutes since we sent back the soup and still no soup. Cancel the soup. We finish our food. Game over. Bye.
The other times I've been to Casamento's have been similar. Line to get in, good but dirty oysters, good but not amazing hot food. Once the novelty of the floor to ceiling tile wears off, it's nothing extraordinary. And the oysters may be cheap by out of state standards but they're the high side of average for NOLA. This isn't San Francisco. There are plenty of places to get good local oysters cheap. New Orleans oysters are wonderful but they're not Kumamoto's either. 
With wonderful, clean local oysters available at other restaurants at a lower prices and without waiting in line I really don't see what the big deal is. I won't be returning to Casamento's or bringing my friends there, but they won't care, they've got plenty of business.Still as good as it has been. Comfortable, friendly, and the oysters are local. All the seafood is local. Fresh, delicious and safe......Truly a New Orleans gem!  If you want to eat some really authentic NO food and want a true 'local' experience then get off your duff and seek this place out on Magazine 
street.
We had the Oyster loaf (basically fried oysters 'dressed' between two pieces of thick toast), crab claws, cup of seafood gumbo and half dozen oysters on the half shell.
We only left the crumbs we would have been ashamed to lick from the table.
The inside of the restaurant is narrow, divided into two sections with a small kitchen in the back and the restrooms are outside (you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathrooms, how neat is that?).  I think the business and building might date back to the early 1900's, inside is a bit dated but just adds to the experience.
The wait staff were all friendly and made you feel like a local and they really take care of you, each of  the waitstaff help each other out so the customer always comes out on top for that scenario.
IIf you're on / near Canal, there is a bus line that goes down Magazine right from Canal street, so getting there and back is easy sneezy!
We just ate there 4 hours ago and I wanna go back!!!It was one of the worst experience in New Orleans. Food was bellow par and service really bad.I had a cup of their gumbo and it was very good and full of flavor. I ordered the soft shell crab dinner. I particularly liked that their batter was thin, that way you could tast what was underneath it. I easpecially liked their over 100 year old tiles throughout the restaurant. Mostly white, but the decorative tiles were absolutely beautiful.Small place, totally relaxed environment, and some of the best food in town!!!!! Every time I walk in, I feel like I'm transported back in time, in the very best way. I'd recommend Cassamento's to ANYONEThis review is for the oysters only.
Holy freaking fresh, delicious, ice-cold, LOCAL oysters!! And a super sweet deal. I come from San Francisco, where a "deal" is $2 per oyster. Nope, not here. They are cheap AND fresh AND local. I mean, does that get any better??
We ordered a dozen, and turn around to see them open up a huge oyster ice chest and start raking out delicious fat oysters. They are soooo good with just some lemon and cocktail sauce. And they are so fresh they almost have no taste. You know how some oysters you eat just taste really salty and overly fishy? No good. 
Our server lady was sweet too. Sadly she told us the place hasn't been as busy as recent years--apparently, they used to have lines out the door. I'll definitely be back.
Caveat: They seem to only be open for lunch.so overpriced and overrated 
60$ for
2 cups gumbo 
2 softshell dinner 
1 do oysters 
I mean really? that's just silly when there are so many other places I could enjoy the same thing for less money.You looking for deep fried goodness like you've never had before? This is yer place. 
I don't know what they put in their batter, but it's light and fluffy and delicious. I'm told the secret is lard. God love em!
Forget your low cal, carb free nonsense. You will feel your arteries slamming shut when you walk through the door and you will want to get on your knees and thank them when they're done stuffing you with the best damn fried seafood I've ever had. 
Coffee? Yes please, with chicory, hallelujah. 
It's family owned, yay for supporting local institutions. The oyster shuckers are the most entertaining bunch of knife wielding flirts I've ever personally encountered. I think they made it for me, really. Everybody I've interacted with there is a walking repository of local lore and information. 
And the food is awesome, plentiful and well priced. 
Go now!And the DDD tour continues. We even saw the famous oyster shucking guy, Mike, here. He's still around, doing his thing, quickly shucking away. Hahaha. So we weren't super hungry when we came by for dinner due to a huge lunch. But we definitely wanted to try to oyster loaf. So we got the half loaf of that as well as half a soft shell crab loaf. It was pretty busy arriving around 7 on a weekend. I think we ended up getting one of the last tables. But the turnaround time wasn't bad and I never saw anyone waiting more than 10 minutes. The dcor inside is pretty simple. It looks like your typical diner. And I saw a lot of people chatting with the waitresses like they were regulars so it's definitely didn't feel like a touristy place. Anyways both loafs had "market price" next to them on the menu (dislike!) but I think they ended up being less than $15 each. Service was friendly enough, especially from Mike (more on that down below). Oh and the bathroom is through the kitchen - nice to see how clean everything was. 
I think it's different and cool that they slice the loaves of bread the long way as opposed to regular sliced bread. It makes the slices thicker too. So that's why they call loaf vs. a po-boy because that's basically what these sandwiches are but with a different type of bread. Food came out quick. The half sandwich is totally enough for one person. We split it in half again to try some of both. The oysters were spilling out of loaf. And they give you a whole fried soft shell crab with your half of a sandwich. I can't imagine ordering a full loaf with two whole crabs. Wow. I liked the soft shell crab over the oysters. And at the end of the meal, we were content, not completely stuffed. So we got some fresh oysters! Mmm, these are a must try - we just called over to Mike and got a half dozen. Then he happily taught us how to make our own cocktail sauce (hot sauce, horseradish, ketchup). Mmmm, slurped those down quickly. They weren't too big but not expensive either - think it was $6 for the half dozen (dollar per = nice). If I lived here, I'd be back for the oysters weekly. Mmm-mm-mmm.Half dozen raw and shrimp Po' boy. I wanted to do dishes that I could get anywhere, and they over delivered. With the fresh horseradish and hot sauce offered on the table, the freshness shined through! Fun old school service and cash only. You walk through the kitchen to use the restroom. This place screams nostalgia and not changing with the times for benefit to the clientele.Their char-grilled oysters are the best I had in new Orleans. The oysters overall are plum and fresh, just get the oysters. The service is slow as with other seafood spot down here, but once the food reaches your table, dig on.You know you're in a classic family spot when there's a bunch of random rules around waiting for a table.
Anyway, food is rock solid and those guys shucking the oysters are the most charming in the world.
You need to spend the two bucks and have the garlic bread. HOLY CRAP YA'LL. I'm going home to reverse engineer that stuff. Thankfully, I already have a bottle of Tony C.For me this is a fun experience, it is not a classy joint by any means, but the oyster is great, large and fresh. Mike the oyster shuckler is a 4 times champions, and has his own special sauce and fan club.  The service is friendly but not efficient.  No table reservation available, have to show up and queue up! A place where you can have real soul food.Decked out in art nouveau tiles that makes it look like a gigantic bathroom. A venue for oysters and po boys. We recently had a super lunch here, but be warned, they have unusual hours and close between lunch and dinner and keep in mind, cash onlyThanks to all the yelpers' good reviews, we decided to go there and try their oysters.  Compared to the grilled oysters we had the night before in Acme, theirs were way better.  They were fresh and juicy!!  Oyster soup is not that great especially if you get it after you finish all the fresh oysters.  Next time I come back to the big easy, I will definitely stop by this place.This spot gets the 5 because of it's history and quality of oysters. This is a family run New Orleans institution in the heart of uptown on Magazine Street just before Napoleon Avenue. Often you have to wait in line but it's worth it. The raw oysters are great but don't neglect the loaf sandwiches. These are Texas toast style loaves of bread stuffed with either fried shrimp or fried oysters that are killer. In New Orleans they will ask you if you want them "dressed." Dressed typically means lettuce, tomato, and a bunch of mayonnaise so don't look like a rookie and let them do it up for you. Ignore the staff that can be a bit cold because the food is full of love including crab claws, gumbo and a host of other delicious items. It's a bucket list spot in New Orleans and don't forget to tip the man shucking the oysters!!Lord have mercy mama done raised an oyster lover.  
I must be able to parallel park better than ninety eight percent of the people around here because when we walked in at 12:05 there was no line, but by the time our drinks arrived at 12:12, there was a line out the door.
Just because I'm looking at you with an interested expression, nodding my head and saying "um huh, yeah, fo sho" doesn't mean I'm actually listening.  I might be listening to you or one of the other tables in a three table radius, depending on the caliber, or rather, topic of conversation.  Yes, that would be eavesdropping.  
Today I found out that Frankie and Johnny's stinks to high hell now, thanks to the passionate lady at the table to the left and that the large serving of seafood gumbo, being consumed by the table behind us, was fifty bucks.
"What's that you were saying," I mean "really?"
Casamento's hasn't changed since the last time I was here ten years ago, except for the flat screen TV in the back dining area.
Same great oysters on the half shell, same awesome oyster loaf sandwich and same ol', just plain good, oyster stew.
If oysters really are an aphrodisiac... I'm in for the afternoon of my life.Long wait but worth the wait. Not the most clean place or oysters but come for the local experience and conversations while waiting in line. The staff was nice enough except for one waitress but luckily she didn't serve us. Oysters were fat and sassy as expected. Half loaf plus chargrilled fries along with half dozen oysters to start is plenty of food for one hungry person. Oh yeah, CASH only folks. The ATM is fickle by the way.I finally got to come and experience this place after seeing it on food/travel shows.
I came for a weekday lunch- no line, no waiting.
Had the gumbo- really mediocre.  Of all the gumbo I've had in New Orleans, this was among the least impressive.
Had the char-broiled oysters, and they were good.  I don't order that often, so I have little to compare with.
Had the fried crab claws- mostly breading and shell, very little crab meat.  Really nothing special.
I tasted one of the shrimp from my wife's shrimp loaf- good, but also nothing special.
I liked the old decor, but now I have checked that box and feel no need to return.Can only give 3 stars as of right now and thats due to the gumbo and one of the staff. She might have been a manager or wife or kin of the owner. She couldnt even look me in the eye when she talked to me. Must be that color thing again down in the NO. And the gumbo, which why i checked this place out was a big disappointment. It was very bland and i dont even think it was made with a roux. I asked a waitress and she said it was made with a roux but i have my doubts.
Wont be going back.Almost perfect.  Excellent oysters on the half shell, shucked in front of you.  Make your own cocktail sauce, or better yet, just a little lemon.  Fried oysters and soft shell crabs are crisp but not overcooked.  Served as a platter or on french bread.  Beer available.  A real taste of New Orleans.I had looked up restaurants before my first time road trip to NOLA. This was one of many places that listed oyster Po Boys (I had made a list of foods I wanted to eat that aren't prevalent or good in my area). We had a group of 10, and I and a friend of ours that had been a local here for years, both sold this place to our group. Then we got there. Immediately 6 of our group wanted to go elsewhere (of course only AFTER I told the staff we were seating 10 and they moved tables all around). just from it's appearance. I myself was a little concerned, as what others might describe as decor I would call old and run down. To me, this place is the literal hole in the wall.
So 4 of us sat while more than half our group went across town. I ordered a cup of gumbo and a fried oyster "LOAF". The gumbo was ok. I can't speak to it's "authenticity", which is a word that seems to continually come up in any group when dealing with cajun food, but it was just good. Now for the po boy, it's not a po boy, at least not in my opinion. I did not like that it came in slices of plain white bread. The wording of loaf on the menu didn't really sink in until after it came to the table. Well it was stacked inside with fried oysters, so much that a few had fallen out onto the plate. So I picked one up and ate it direct. WOW. The best way I can put this is I've never had a fried oyster that tasted this good, NOR WILL I EVER. Out of a week stay in NOLA, this was the one memorable food I had there. I could have eaten 2 plates of this, gone home, rested, and came back to order another 2 plates. It is very hard to impress me, as the rest of my stay in NOLA is a testament to. The second half of the loaf, I just removed the bread and picked at the oysters.
My friends had raw oysters on shells, they were large and looked good to me, but they seemed unimpressed. They possibly weren't big fans to begin with. One in the group had fried soft shell crab, and he seemed pleased with it.
From this point forward, whenever I think of fried oysters, I will immediately think Casamentos.After seeing this restaurant on the Food Network Channel it was on my list to visit the next time I was in New Orleans! I must say this is now one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans, if you're a seafood lover this is the place for you!Casamento's was my savior during a recent weekend in New Orleans!
I spent the whole weekend eating plain salads in the FQ since nobody seemed to have ever heard of gluten before. Thankfully, I had my car and drove to Casamento's on my last night and gorged on totally gluten free fried seafood!!! It was the first time I'd had calamari in 3 years!
Also, I have never seen bigger oysters on the half shell for such a ridiculously low price. $9 a dozen???? CRAZY! If I wasn't pregnant, I would have had about 3 dozen. Instead, I watched my friends gobble them up and proceed to order more!It's dismaying to read two reviews where customers spotted "palmetto bugs", i.e., giant, scary looking cockroaches native to N.O.--having lived in N.O. it took me quite awhile to get over my fear...so I get where y'all are coming from. 
That being said, I've never had a bad meal here. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful oysters and shrimp; along with Acme Oyster Bar in the Quarter among the best in the city.
Customers need to be very vocal about insects in a restaurant--tell the wait staff, cook, whoever! These suckers are known to crawl up walls to the ceiling and then dive bomb down onto unsuspecting people-happened to a good friend of mine and we FREAKED. They have no place in eating establishments and need to be WHOMPED and done away with ASAP.
So sorry this spoiled your experience. It would have spoiled mine too.I love this place!   Many gluten free options.  It's cash only.  I highly recommend the char grilled oysters. It's the best I have had anywhere, I think the cheese blend they use is a better grade then other restaurants. Mmmm.There was a long line. It was worth it. GLUTEN FREE fried seafood and oyster stew. While you wait in line, you can enjoy watching the shuckers at work. Cold beer, and soda in bottles. Friendly staff. And did I mention, gluten free fried seafood?!The kitchen like walking in to another time all together, the whole place is has that charm due to the way they have managed to have kept the place for generations and not remodeled from their southern vintage era tiles, and kitchen features.  The stark white tiled dinner is covered in signed keepsakes the owner has collected from the counteless celebrities that have been his customers so you know what that means... you better be there bright and early to beat the crowd. 
They are only open till around 3p.m. and only during the months that are considered oyster season... that way their oysters are not only safer to eat but they are considerably larger than the rest of the year.
Great Gulf Coast seafood with a selection of traditional oyster house menu favorites... great place.Order a dozen oysters raw, a half a fried oyster loaf, a cup of gumbo, some onion rings, and a Dixie (yes, its coming back!) and all is right with the world. 
This place is so close to Tulane and some college-friendly bars that its a real shame more students don't know about it. Then again, that just means more oysters for the real locals.Let's start with an important note.... this is a CASH only restaurant. They also have limited hours which are currently Thursday- Saturday 11am-2pm and 5:30pm-9pm. They are also closed the entire summer June-August, plus closed for all major holidays. Just wanted to get that out of the way for those of you who might be travelling into our fair city and want to visit this amazing restaurant.
Casamento's has been a New Orleans staple since 1919, and it still looks the same allmost 100 years later. I have a habit of telling people this is an "old New Orleans" restaurant. I say that because it's cash only, they fry in pots on the stove top, and it's a small family oriented business.  I love the history in this restaurant, and I love the food even more! If you want the best oysters, and the best friend seafood you have ever had in your life then make it a point to come to this restaurant. You can't go wrong with any item on the menu. I like the seafood platter because you get a great variety of items. It comes with shrimp, crab claws, fish (catfish or trout), oysters and french fries. I'm looking forward to trying their sandwiches which are called loafs.
I hear the oyster loaf and the soft shell crab loaf are two customer favorites.  Hopefully I can try them before they close for the summer. I've been telling anyone who will listen about this restaurant, and I can't wait to go back myself. If you haven't already been here definitely put this on your bucket list for things to do in New Orleans before you die because it's worth the visit.Best oysters I've ever had, hands down. Goddamn.Goodbye old favorite place and hello Casamento's!  This place rocks!  My new favorite place in NOLA.  From the superb customer service to the "Champ" oyster shucker who quickly handed us 3 doz fresh oysters, I say "we'll done!"  A walk to the restroom will take you right thru the middle of the tiny kitchen to the back porch and will show just how legit this place is and the sincerity that goes into their food.  I had fresh oysters, a cup of gumbo and the best soft shell crab sandwich known to man. Oh, and remember to take cash, they don't take credit cards.  5 stars period.Thwarted again! Have been hoping to try Casimento for months since I moved here. Walked by on Friday and saw the sign saying that they were closing for summer on May 21...I even took a picture of the opening hours. It seems the hours listed on the store front aren't right. Will have to try again...disappointed but still excited.
Updated:
Checked their website which does list the updated hours. Very good reasons they are too. Hope their daughter gets well soon.Very old school New Orleans, complete with blue tile on the walls, a shiny painted ceiling, and a "world champion" oyster shucker standing behind the prominently featured oyster bar. They have a limited number of tables and seem to be very popular with the locals, so be prepared to wait during busy times. The menu is relatively limited and focuses on oysters and fried seafood. We started with two cups of gumbo (tomato based, but still delicious) and then split one fully dressed (lettuce + tomato + pickle + mayo) oyster loaf and one shrimp loaf. Both were served on thick toasted bread and had great crispness and flavor. Service was friendly and courteous and faster than expected for a place like this. Cash only. A great lunch choice. 
Worth making a visit to the bathrooms just to walk through the minuscule kitchen.Went at a super busy time (Saturday night around 7:00 pm) with a group of 4 and waited about an hour for a table. If there had been three of us we would have been seated much more quickly (all of the tables in the front room are for 3 or less). The place is small and I felt very in-the-way standing in the middle of the restaurant waiting for a table. But you get to chat with the oyster shucker while you're waiting and watch him work his magic.
The restaurant is maybe an old bath house or something? Tiles on the walls that make the place look like my grandmother's floral bathroom and hooks every few feet that look like they would hold a drying towel or something. An interesting vibe. I'm not a native New Orleanian but I guess they say this is quintessential New Orleans? I'll buy it.
Definitely not a place you go for good service, but overall things were not that bad. Once we were seated we gave drink orders and got a dozen oysters which arrived fairly quickly. The oysters are HUGE here, to the point where our out-of-town guests had to cut them in half. The shell is not cleaned whatsoever prior to plating, so the dish is served in a puddle of blackish muck. No slurping oysters out of the shell at this place! Regardless, they were delicious. The price of the oysters has increase 50% (from $0.50 to $1.00 per) because of the shortage (just something to keep in mind). 
My group ordered gumbo, oyster and shrimp dinners, crab claws and some garlic bread. I didn't try to gumbo but everyone said it was amazing - definitely the dish to get when you go. The shrimp dinner was good but nothing extraordinary - some fried shrimp, french fries and toast. The shrimp did taste super fresh, though. 
The restroom is through the kitchen and out the back door. Definitely an experience. Got to see the chargrilled oysters cooking out back and I was disappointed we didn't try those. On my list for next time.
We closed the place down around 9:00 or 9:30. Cash only. There is an ATM. Overall an OK experience. I'd probably go back with more out-of-town guests.Let me preface that I've been here 2 or 3 times before, and had equally mediocre experiences. This last time just spurred me to share with the yelposphere.
Joined my parents and a couple friends here for lunch. Of course, the wait was out the door, so my mother and her friend held our spot in line while my dad and his friend and I grabbed a beer at Ms Mae's (still close to the cheapest drinks in town!), and returned. About a half hour later, we were next in the cue, but my father was standing outside (the volume in the building was bugging him) and the hostess scoffed that all the members need to be present, as I darted out the door to drag my dad inside to be seated. The waitress might as well have told us to kiss her grits, tossed the silverware on the table and took our drink order. Three 12 oz. Andy Gators and a sweet tea. Alas, they don't have sweet tea. Sure, not a big deal, but this place is so renowned, they should have that. We knew we were about to get VIBED, so we preemptively got our order ready. "What do you want?" My dad got attitude when he asked for a half and half (shrimp and oyster) loaf, saying they only do a whole, I told him I would split it with him, so to be easy he got the whole. 
So the food- my mom got a dozen raw- the only saving grace of the dining experience. The oysters are fresh. hard to screw that up, but very important. about 6 in, she asked a waitress for some saltines (that she was not given, I guess they only give them if you ask) and she said "FIRST of all, I'm not your waitress, and it sounds like you have a REAL PROBLEM." 
You're damn right, sweetheart.
She slams so crushed saltine packets on the table begrudgingly. 
Also of note: Everyone but my father got their food, and we waited about 8 minutes, so I shared some of  my cold bland oyster stew with my dad. The chargrilled oysters were nothing to write home about. Then my dad's order came, instead of the half and half loaf, he got about 5 fried shrimp and 3 fried oysters, cold fries, and two slices of toast on the side. At this point, we just wanted to GTFO, so he ate, we payed and split.
I don't care if your restaurant is resting on it's laurels. I don't care if you anticipate 95% of your clientele are tourists, and you won't be back anyway. Maybe you can get away with slinging your bland wares to unsuspecting tourists, but after four tries, I'm calling it quits. I live down the street, but even if I want raw oysters, I'm going up the street to superior seafood.
Casamentos, you've lost that loving feeling.We just got back from Casamento's. We  live 2 mins away!!!! We were there along with a few others waiting for the doors to open. The place is clean and staff all have smiles, but they hustle. They get down to business, because the line was out the door before our food got to the table. Our dz on the half were awesome. The oysters were some of the biggest I have seen in a while. He had the seafood platter. So much food it was falling off the plate. Oysters, shrimp, crab claws, and catfish and fries. I had the soft-shell crab. The meat was sweet and tasty. YUMMMMM!!! Even though the food is fried, it was almost grease free. The man shucking the oysters does a Blue Runner Bean commercial. He looks the same in person and boy can he shuck. The food is reasonably priced too. Just get there at 5:15pm of be prepared to wait.Awesome LITTLE place. No reservations here, plan on waiting in a line. Don't fret, it's well worth it. Oysters are plump, fresh and delicious. They make a specialty house cocktail sauce which really makes the oysters pop. The fried seafood plate was very tasty as well, nice portions. The inside is not much to look at but its a cool little spot to check out....Seasonal...make sure they are open!STILL loving the experience here... arrived about 1/2 an hour before they closed & there was a small line luckily right in front of the shuckers... He was shucking them faster than my wife & I could eat them, after mixing up his custom cocktail sauce... finally were seated, and had the soft crab sandwiches, as good as they come. Add a couple of cold Abitas- happiness is! Remember that it is cash only, and it is 100% worth it!Can definitely see what all the fuss is about.  Made a special planned trip to catch them before they closed for the summer.  Best to go simple, an oyster loaf.  It's amazing.  The bread is so good and different from normal po boy sandwiches.  Quirky little place that's always packed and well worth it!The best gumbo I ever had, also the oysters (both raw & fried), crab claws & the fried soft shell crab are awesome, full of flavor. I would not recommend the oyster stew very bland.My rating is an average of my experience and my husband's experience. He's an oyster person, I'm not. I mean he likes oysters, not that he's part oyster or anything. Anyway, they do have other stuff on the menu besides oysters but I'm trying to eat healthier lately (Mardi Gras resolution!) so a po-boy just wasn't an option.  So I got a boiled shrimp salad. And by salad I mean they brought out some boiled shrimp on top of lettuce and a little bowl of dressing on the side. 
I know that salads aren't their specialty, as my husband keeps reminding me, but that's no excuse, especially in a competitive restaurant city like NOLA. The majority of restaurants don't have salads as their specialty but they still manage to offer great salad choices on their menus. I'm just asking for carrots, cheese, or a slice of cucumber. This was the actual entre salad...not the pre-meal salad or the little kid salad or the lunch menu salad. I tried to flag the waitress down to ask for a side of cheese or something, but they were very crowded and she didn't see me before I had to give up so that I could eat in time to make it to an appointment.
The boiled shrimp were delicious, and they were big. The lettuce was very green and crispy and fresh. The ranch dressing was especially white and creamy. 
My husband loved his meal, I think he got a small plate of raw oysters and then some kind of fried oyster sandwich. Being an oyster guy, this was one of his favorite oyster places so far.
Service was very good especially given how busy they were. I didn't get my cheese, but I don't fault the waitress for that. She was doing the best that she could.
Sorry if this turned into a childish salad rant. It's hard eating healthy in this city so it was double frustrating knowing how delicious a po-boy would have been while you're stuck with shrimp on top of lettuce. =POld school NOLA tradition. Super fresh raw oysters but we didn't care for the baked oysters. Old Italian prejudice against seafood and cheese and this was an example. 
Would have liked a better selection on wine but in the end this place is a gem.Oh my effin gawd just go here for the ambiance if nothing else. It's a weird little time capsule. The gumbo is delicious and the oysters are enormous and savory and enormously savory. Yum yum yum!!!!Do it. Just do it. Casamento's is a bit off the beaten path, but it's worth the trek out of the French Quarter.
Oysters are HUGE and fresh, and Mike, the champion oyster shucker, is a sweetheart. We chatted him up while we were waiting for our friend to complete our party.
If they are serving chargrilled oysters, do yourself a favor and get as many as you think you can eat. How do you make super fresh, super plump, super sweet oysters better? Add butter, garlic, and cheese and toss them on a grill.
We also had the seafood sampler: fried oysters, fried catfish, fried crab claws, and fried fries. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. And fried.
Service was good too.
Note that they close for the summer. Oysters are more likely to spoil during months without the letter R in them anyway.All i can say is WOW, the food here in this historic restaurant is 2nd to none in the city of New Orleans.  The Gumbo and Chargrilled Oysters are unbelievable! 
I would HIGHLY recommend going here and also getting there early, they lock the door at 2:00!So New Orleans... and by that I mean everything is inconvenient... from the hours to the servers to the wait to the chairs to the lighting to the ambiance... it's not meant to impress, it's meant to be original and real. Slurp on some of the best oysters you'll ever have, and enjoy your small glass of water. The dude in the front shucking the oysters is amazing. It DOES look like a bathroom. That's the beauty of it.Oh Casamentos you are so dang delicious! Brought my family, visiting from the Midwest, for some amazing oysters and they didn't leave disappointed! 
Started with 2 dozen raw and 1 dozen chargrilled. The little sister who is new to the oyster eating experience was raving about the chargrilled goodness. The rest of us couldn't stop eating the divine raw oysters. So fresh and plump and juicy! 
I would've been happy with anther two dozen oysters but the fam wanted to sample some loafs... We ordered shrimp and catfish and a shrimp dinner and lots of beers. Much happiness was had by all.  
Docking one star because I wish the oysters had been cleaned a bit better and our waitress was slooooooow to bring the bill despite asking for it.This is a NOLA institution and I can see why.
We went around 7 on a Saturday night.  Stood in line for about 90 minutes - and it would have been longer if we had not had a small party.  Not their fault - but not fun.
The food was really good.  Has some grilled oysters that were as good as I have had anywhere.  Oysters were plump and the preparation was perfect.  Also had a bowl of Gumbo which was first-rate (although since it is not spicy, there should be a better choice of hot-sauce on the table).  Others in my party had the Oyster Loaf which I tasted and was very good and the catfish plate.
Service was mediocre at best.  That's where the 5th star went.  There are too few servers and by the end of the night they are exhausted.  I think the individual people are trying - but they also don't have good processes. Food comes out without being marked as to exactly which table, for example, and they have to tally up checks completely by hand.  Get a POS system like a modern restaurant.
In any case, I would come back for the food.Best oyster's in town!  Fried, BBQ'd or half shell, they are all amazing!  Highly Rec
Total dive so don't expect fine dining.  Has the feel one would expect sitting in shack in the Bayou.  Make sure you use the restroom which takes you through the kitchen......only in New Orleans.  Love it!!!  Highest recGreat hole in the wall!  Get there early or you will be waiting out the door.  Oysters are fresh and fast - make sure you also try the charbroiled ones!   The soft shell crab poboy comes on thick toast slices and is delicious!This real authentic New Orleans.  It is an institution and been around for many years.  The best thing is the oysters.  Local oysters only.  Too bad that they don't have wines to match but that just isn't New Orleans unfortunately.
They do have weird hours.  Every time I drive by they are closed.  But it is worth the effort to go.First off, I hate oysters.  BUT, I still had some great food here.  They have all the other New Orleans standards as well.  I had a fried shrimp platter and my girlfriend had a fried fish platter.
The place is a dive and the vibe is kind of cool, but I didn't like how unorganized the seating system is... if you could even call it a system.  It says "wait to be seated" but I didn't see a waittress seat a single person during our 20 minute wait.  Some very rude people cut in front of us and sat down at a table before we did, so I decided to just scout out the next available seat and sit down.
Our service was good.  You make your own cocktail sauce here with the ketchup and horseradish on the table.  I found it to be a pleasant surprise and a unique trait to the restaurant.  Prices were very reasonable for seafood... that was the reason that brought us in initially.
I'll probably go back because I'm a seafood junkie and the prices can't be beat.  Just be prepared to wait and possibly fight for a table.