We went here for brunch on a Saturday.  The place is very kitschy. The décor is fun to look at.  They have boom boxes and VHS tapes stacked around the place.  We found alot of things to look at.   
We were Sat at a tiny table wedged in the corner.  We barely had room to get into the chairs and I had to ask the table behind us to move so I could squeeze in.  The menu was small, but decent selection.  They did offer a discount on alcohol beverages, but we were not feeling it after our Friday night on the town.  We got and order of mole chicken tostadas and chorizo queso dip to share.  The tostadas came out first, which was odd.  They were very good.  Sweet with a little heat in the back end.  Kind of a small portion for the price though.  The queso was interesting.  A small dollop of chorizo on top of the queso, which was grainy.  The it tasted good, but the mouth feel was like eating raw ricotta.  The chips were fresh and plentiful.  More than enough to finish off the dip.  
The food was ok, but pricy, as others have pointed out.  We would come back to try an adult drink and some tacos and listen to some music.Stopped by for a quick bite and met Sam and Erin; super sweet girls! Even caught up with Hugo the big hefe' and got a cool T-shirt! So, here's the word:
Great food, awesome drinks, incredible service and live music Friday's and Saturday's.  Mad love and appreciation for this family of wonderful souls. Get in here!I want to love this restaurant because it has a great atmosphere and décor but the food is just not good enough. I've been for lunch & dinner and each time I wish the food was better-- but I will probably return because it's such a cute place and the drinks are outstanding, hence the 3 stars. 
Ordered salsa and guac and 10 minutes later, the waitress comes back with no chips saying they ran out and had to make more-- on a Saturday night, I would think that the chips would be ready to go! But they also didn't taste home-made once they finally came out, so that was confusing.
Ceviche was ok, very very acidic so I could only eat a little bit.
I ordered the ensalata which I didn't feel too excited about considering it's a Mexican restaurant but I'd had the tacos before and was not impressed. The salad was soaking in some dressing that made the whole thing taste like candy. It was disgusting. Note to self- order dressing on the side next time!
We also got some tacos and it was hard to tell which was beef, pork, or lamb...which isn't a good sign. Nothing to write home about in any case.
Come to drink and hang out, though.Amazing Mexican food which is hard to find in this city! Everything is authentic and tastes fresh. The guacamole is a must! The Chilies Rellenos is the best and so flavorful!I was there yesterday and ordered shrimp tacos. The shrimp should have been grilled according to the menu but were served poached or steamed. I was with other people and didn't want to cause any problems but if I were alone or with friends they would have been sent back. They probably would have been good with grilled shrimp - I was looking forward to the grill taste. I don't think I'll be back.Wow, the drinks were crazy expensive.  Watermelon Margarita $14.  Our waitress was attentive and knowledgeable.  She made us aware that the food would probably come out slow and in a random order because they only had three cooks and the kitchen was small and the cooks were meticulous.  Fair enough, we thought.  The food was very good, but a little pricey, too.  I think it should be $$$.  Noisy atmosphere, so be prepared for that in the dining room.  All-in-all a cool place that is out of the ordinary, which justifies the price of the food (but not the drink prices).As a Mexican American who lives in California, I've tried my fair share of delicious Mexican food and I must say this place has risen to the top of my list. I loved everything about this place, from the food and the presentation to the decorations and the ambiance, this places is the one for Mexican food in NOLA. I highly recommend the enchiladas con pollo y mole.This place is great! Awesome decor and patio with live music and good food. Will definitely go back here often.Went this past Saturday.  Place was busy, but certainly not packed.  We ordered beer, which came in a can, so we asked for chilled mugs.  We received mugs, but definitely not chilled.  OK we proceeded to order chips, salsa and guacamole.  Chips and salsa arrived quickly.  When the server came back to take our order, we asked about guacamole and ordered   roasted corn and the cactus and cebollita appetizers.  Those came out and STILL no guacamole.  The corn was delicious, and while the cactus and cebollitas were tasty, they needed more cebollitas and less cactus. The server finally brought the guacamole when she brought out entrees!  The beef chili rellenos may have been the best I've ever eaten, and my second was supposed to be the veggie, but I got cheese.  My friend got the lamb dish and it was delicious as well.  We really would all have ordered another beer too, but the server never came back until we were done with our meal!  When she brought the bill, we had been charged twice for the guacamole!
I would go back, because everything I ate was delicious.  However, the kitchen and wait staff need to get their act together!I loved the atmosphere and ambiance.  The food was 4 out of 5.  However, the service left a lot to be desired.  It took over 4 hours to get through the meal, and I had to find the server on my way out to pay- it probably would have taken 5 hours had I waited on him to come and get the check.  I don't think I will be back. It's sad because this place has so much potential.I've been wanting to come here for months. I had an opportunity to eat here and enjoy hearing a flamenco guitarist and watching a beautiful flamenco dancer @ Sunday brunch. This is a beautiful place and I will be back.Went during opening week and had a great experience! Yes, there were new restaurant issues (e.g., kitchen was backed up) but service was great and the food and drinks were awesome! Will definitely be back soon. Be patient while they get off of their feet and you'll be well rewarded!I'd had my eye on Casa Borrega for a while, since I pass it every day on my way home. I wasn't sure what it was at first or when/if it was open. I finally got the chance to check it out during the first in the Fat Pop-up Series, a joint venture between Casa Borrega, the Fat Falafel Food Truck and My House NOLA.
If you don't know where it is, you'll really need to keep your eyes open to find it. It is in a renovated house with quite a small sign out front.We went with our 2  year old grandson for lunch. Very kid friendly. We ate on the patio. Lots of fun looking at the decor. The service was excellent. Our grandson liked the beans and rice and the flan. We ate Quesadillas, beans and rice, plantains. and flan. Excellent lunch. Thank youVery good, the power went out in our neighborhood and there was power in Central City, so we decided to give it a try..and great food and had a fresh taste !Was truly excited to come here. Especially the transformation that's happening on Oretha Castle. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful, the decor,  and the court yard are impeccable. The live music, and the feel of the atmosphere was all there....the only thing that wasn't was the food. Which I guess is the whole point? The tamales were okay, the taco platter I had was painfully bland, as was the rice, the beans, and the enchilada. The fried plantain desert was embarrassing and not very edible. I could see myself enjoying a beer here while to listening to the music, but that's it.So unfortunately I have to downgrade this place from my original review. I went here for the 2nd time a few months ago on a Saturday night for my birthday and NO TACOS ON THE MENU. What?! Why did they take them off?! Also enchiladas were't really as good the 2nd time around...We ordered the lamb tacos and the fish tacos, loved the atmosphere the courtyard is beautiful, great music and friendly/funny staff, he was the one operating the fantastic music. Definitely coming back for the drinks an the atmosphere.Felt compelled to write a review for this place because in no way is this a 3.5 place. They put a lot of work and creativity into their food to build authentic tastes. And the staff has always been very attentive and kind. I think maybe it has gotten a bad rap for what appears to be two reasons: price and service. I don't really understand the latter. And regarding the former I think sometimes you are willing to pay a bit more for something that's simply a bit better. It's just weird because every spot in New Orleans is like 4 or 4.5 and jacked up by tourists. This is a locals spot and the locals can't help out a good spot. So I'll give em 5 to boost the score because I think this is a solid 4-4.5.The food was good. The atmosphere was great. The menu was not very extensive. I don't think the tortillas were handmade, but didn't ask. It was a bit expensive; Mexican food is oddly more expensive on this side of the country. My drink was not quite right - way too much soda. I would stay away from the cocktail menu next time. I'll go again, but with lesser expectations. There is nothing on the menu that is not pretty simple to make yourself at home, if you know anything at all about Mexican food. For that reason, I'm not super impressed.Not wonderful actually.  Ask for Sangria and you'll be accosted by an owner (?) who will "school" you as to why they don't have it.  Also, after your Sangria disappointment don't give up alcohol and ask for iced tea with your dinner.  Apparently they only have iced tea at lunch and not dinner.  Oh and how can I forget about the 45 MINUTE WAIT FOR THE FOOD.  Won't be returning.I walked in to apply from seeing an ad on Craigslist, walked in and the owner's son was rude and not paying attention to our conversation. I understand he was busy, but he could have told me to come at a later time. 
I decided to sit and try out the food. I ordered torta al pastor and tacos de pibil, I've had better and the meat in the torta was all fatty!! Trust me, I have had plenty of GOOD homemade Mexican food, and delicious restaurant Mexican food. I found a piece of wrapper paper in my torta and instead of the tacos de pibil I received the tacos al pastor. The tacos de pibil were NOTHING like pibil, it lacked so much flavor.  I'm a Master's of Public Health candidate, so I like my food clean! As we all do. The cooks don't use hair nets and the pans looked rusty and not up to health standards. They looked like pans they pulled out the pans from home to use.
NOT TO MENTION, ONE OF THE COOKS WAS NOT WEARING APPROPRIATE CLOTHING! Shorts and sandals? REALLY?AMAZING FOOD, great drinks, friendly service, and fun atmosphere. So glad my sister took us here!!!
We ate:
Guac and chips
Chorizo queso
tamales del dia
Alambre
Esquites
Platanos
We drank:
Mojito
NOLA Borrega
El Diablo
And Cadillac Margarita
I recommend eating family style, so everyone can try everything! 
Ada, our server, was awesome and fun!!!!!!Congratulations to Casa Borrega! Making Mexican food extremely expensive is a novel concept, which I have never previously encountered. And they seem to have convinced quite a few people (including myself) to shell out 16 dollars and up for simple entrees fairly indistinguishable from any other restaurant. And that's just the entree. God forbid you want a drink. Cause the snobby waiter who's already judging you for being the only non-yuppie in the restaurant will not look kindly on you ordering a corona instead of a 12 dollar cocktail. 
Has good decor, and nice back porch, but for the price of my meal, I should have received at minimum a trip to Mexico.I want to like this place, and I will go back again in after 6 months.  Love the structure, the decorations, the feeling that a new orleans mansion was built in a Mexican silver city.  greeted on entry by live, authentic, energetic music.  The vibe of this place is uniquely spot-on, and worth checking out for that and just a few drinks or apps. 
so i take issue with the team.  i generally liked the food, didnt love it, and felt it was a bit overpriced, but liked it and liked the variety on the menu.  I would like to see more for the price, not larger portions but maybe some side items that show off what the staff can do.  it was like ordering a la carte, but the prices were too high to experiment.  ok back to the team, the waiter seemed frazzled by simple things.  I was dissuaded from ordering more guac because i didn't want to put him over the edge (but they should want to sell more food).  i ordered a featured cocktail, and after some period of time would have been happy with any cocktail, or beer, or anything.  i consitered alout going to the bar, but then was told 'drinks are coming RIGHT up :)' and waited, the food came out, i finished eating, and still waited...then all of the sudden there it was!  and i liked it, but wouldn't order another i might never get it.  
So, I did like what I got just not the things I felt I didn't get, variety for the price, and the opportunity/time to receive things i wanted to buy and try out.  I guess I left a few things on the menu because of inadequate access to them.  Please fix. I will come back.We dined with a large group in the back patio. The decor is really nice, and I really liked the feel of the place. The live music was also a nice treat. Everything else - however - was extremely disappointing. We ordered the tacos and they were very small and extremely dry. You only get 3, and if I'm not mistaken they were somewhere between $12 - $14. I'm not sure if we were supposed to get sides with them, but we didn't. They were also not warm. Our server was completely scatterbrained. He said they were "slammed" though there were several empty tables around us and the other servers didn't seem to be hurrying at all. He took our food order, and when I politely asked for more chips he got very snippy with me, saying "Honey - I'll get them when I can get them" in a very condescending manner. It wasn't like I had asked him several times. I'd only asked him the one time. Then he came back to take our drink order (yes, after the food order) We ordered and our drinks didn't arrive until AFTER our food arrived and then they were both the wrong drinks. The bartender had to come and serve the correct drinks. I also didn't find the drinks to be worth the price, nor were they particularly delicious. I don't think I'll be returning until I start hearing good things about this place. We were warned, but I always go into a new place with lots of patience, as I had waited tables for several years in college. It seems they've been open long enough now to have smoothed over a lot of these issues. It was very disappointing to pay such a high price for less-than-amazing tacos, a rude server, and drinks that take an hour to arrive.The place is very cool, there is neat stuff all over the restaurant. Our waitress was absolutely adorable and so sweet and the food was different but delicious.Casa Borrega is my favorite traditional Mexican restaurant in the city. It's the coolest place too. I've been a few times, but yesterday I went for lunch and the menu had changed a bit since the last time I was there about a year ago. There was of course chips and salsa, which I really enjoyed. The chips were nice and hot and you get a nice serving of both red and green salsas. As long as there was that awesome mole on the menu I was happy, and there it was as an option for filling in either a quesadilla, the tostadas or the tacos. I of course got the quesadilla because of my passion for all things cheese. It was amazing as I expected, but I think my favorite thing I ate was the black beans. Oh wow! How do they get them so creamy!!  One last note, it was really cold in there, and I told my server about it being so cold, and do you know what he did? He brought me the space heater and put it right at my feet. Now that is some star earning power! If only more places were that accommodating of my chronic coldness in the winter time. Maybe I need to take one of those with me everywhere I go! Lol!!The pork tenderloin is a must, MUST have!!!!  
The interior screams Latin-NOLA style.  You can tell the place is different just by looking at the outside.  The sign isn't your typical signage.  Make sure to check out the metal work on the left side of the building.  Also, make sure you scope out Hugo's truck.  Speaks volumes as to what to expect when you walk through the door.  Hugo, his wife Linda and the entire staff we warming and welcoming which one would expect from a Mexican establishment.  I LOVE the interior!!!  The architectural details which I am assuming are mostly from the Green Project and other local salvage places.  Religious art, posters, albums, guitars, metal concert shirts... it was all eye candy to me.  The bathrooms were lined with recycled old wood from houses either kept in it's state when found or sanded down a bit.  And FINALLY a sensible Euro-toilet in this city!  
There was a Latin jazz band playing on a small stage in the corner.  Hugo and Linda showed off their made dancing skills.  Very impressive. Having a live band play really adds to the authentic flare!  
Our waitress was eager, but not real accurate at first.  I ordered one of my old fave's, a Caipirinha, the waitress talked one of my friends into ordering the drink special and my other friend ordered a Corona.  She brought me some that wasn't a Caipirinha.  The drink special was waaaay to strong.  So we switched drinks.  Unfortunately, one of the drinks was served in a super tall glass with a straw that wasn't nearly long enough... so we pitched the straw.  Then, instead of a Corona, my friend was brought a completely different beer.  The waitress replaced it with a Corona.  We just rolled with it, but it was a bit crazy for a sec.  She handled it well though.  No more hiccups after that.
We decided to order three different dishes and we'd share all of it. The food ordered was fish tacos, chicken flautas and the pork tenderloin and share.  I started with the fish taco... which was snapper, if memory serves me correct.  I have to say it was one of the best fish tacos I've ever had.  You get two good sized whole wheat tortillas with generous portions scoped on top your typical taco.   The only downside was they only give you a tiny scope of guacamole which the dish really needs to have that to complete the layers of flavors.  Next I had the chicken flautas.  Hate to say, but I'm not a fan.  I'm used to another places flautas which are super crispy, full of flavor and not greasy.  The tortillas were way to think so it wasn't very crispy but definitely greasy.  Because the shell wasn't crispy it was difficult to bite off a piece and even more difficult chewing.  The chicken filing was one note... chicken.  No seasoning flavors whatsoever.  The filing should be savoy.  This dish definitely needs a little tweeking.  The upside to this dish was it was easy to split because there were three.   The best dish by far was the pork tenderloin.  The dish consists of two large pieces of pork that were tender and juicy covered in a wonderful sauce with smoked apples and potatoes on top.  I thought we were going to start fighting over the plate it was so good.  The portion size is so generous there was enough to bring home.  We stuffed ourselves so much we didn't have any room for dessert. 
Before leaving we peeked out back at the small patio.  I can see myself hanging out there a lot in the coming fall.  I used to live across the street and moved last November.  Oooh those lucky people who DO live across the street.  
Job well done Hugo, Linda and your staff!!!  CHEERS!Been 3 times and every time we have had a blast! The food is good and the drinks are great. But what makes this place great is the ownership and staff! Great people and very friendly! If you are looking for a friendly environment with great music, food, and drinks this is your place!First things first, this place was PACKED!!! We came here on a Saturday night, and this joint was POPPIN'!!. We were immediately greeted and and given a table with menus to look at at. Our server Eli (?) was so friendly and helpful. I wanted to put him in my pocket and take him home with me!! We had no idea what to order and he told us about the different menu options and pointed us in the right direction. A+ for all of the service---there were only two or three waiters that we saw, and they handled everything perfectly and with a smile to boot! 
The food and drinks were a little pricey on their own, but there was such a good ambiance, great live music, and smooth drinks. The trinkets in the dining room alone are worth the money---it's like a museum in there! I can't complain, and I'll be back again!Friendly service and good drinks but avoid the food.  Shrimp was over cooked, al pastor not tender, and overall bland.Been here a few times now and it seems things have gone downhill. My $10 drink came in a glass that was about the same size as my contact lens case. Drinks also came with no straws and were not mixed well. Mine was practically undrinkable to the point that I almost sent it back (and I never do this). Out waiter was extremely inattentive, despite the fact that there were just two other parties sitting out on the patio that evening. Never brought us water, waited 15 minutes to take our order after we said "we need just another minute or so, we are just going to pick an appetizer". When we ordered chips and salsa, it took another 15-20 to appear. Utterly confusing when this place was totally dead.Delicious food, amazing outdoor atmosphere - feels like a party. This is exactly the kind of place that NOLA needs.Our first visit and it did not disappoint!!  We had a late Saturday lunch (unaware that they close from 3-5 so we were lucky we weren't any later - too bad for the folks that came just as our food was being served!) and it was delicious.  Started with house-made tostadas fried crisp along side sides of guacamole, smoky red salsa, and a green tomatillo sauce - all we're very good.  Jess took good care of us - she is G.M., bartender, and waitstaff, as needed.  My husband had fish tacos and smoked pork tacos - he could not decide which was his favorite (but was leaning towards the fish but only because I was forcing him to choose!), as they were both wonderful, and no skimping on the fillings in either!  I chose the chicken mole enchiladas, and boy am I glad I did!  The three enchiladas were equally stuffed full of white chicken meat and covered in a savory dark chocolately sauce full of spicey goodness!  Jess told us the menu changes based on what is seasonal and fresh so we'll have to go back for dinner sometime soon!This place rocked when it opened but has gone severely downhill. Spotty service, mediocre food for very high prices.So the long story is that I dined at CB 10 days ago. My server lost my credit card after charging it. She was busy and I've worked in service 25 years, 18 of that in food/beverage. NBD, it was a mistake. But how the management handled it was appalling. 
It took a day for anyone to send me the requested photo of cut up card (card was found during closing). I asked that they pay the $5 charge my bank was charging me for a new card. That took 10days. 
Management emailed to apologize, great. Thanks. Then sent me a 15% off next order coupon. 15%, I tip 25+%. 15% covers taxes and maybe a couple bucks. 
I spent an hour on the phone to correct this. I spent an hour at the bank having to correct this. I spent an hour or two changing the numbers to all my direct withdrawal accounts. 15%. Thanks. But no thanks.Writing this when this incredibly good restaurant has 3.5 stars! Unbelievable. 
I went here with a Mexican friend of mine who swears by this place. Tacos were incredible and enchilada was incredible. Server was really nice as well. A Mexican family owns the place which is definitely a good thing.Very happy with this place. I had the big sample platter. Everything was great.  I would come back just for the tamales. So good.First time trying this place out. The exterior is so funky New Orleans it's hard to miss. They have an old truck out front with an open sign and the revived shotgun house could easily be a studio instead of restaurant. We walked in and were greeted by the sounds of an excellent bossa nova band playing. Friendly bartender sat us outside in what I can only describe as the most beautiful courtyard I've seen in New Orleans to date. I'm on. Temp phone now so I couldn't take pictures but please take my word on it:
Date night? Go here
Celebration: go here
The food was great, not the most life changing meal but everything my party ordered was well presented, flavorful, and hot. Their chips and salsa was excellent and their choriqueso had more flavor than just white queso sauce and pan cooked chorizo. 
One star off because service had a small lull at times but she was still very polite and fun to talk to when we had her. I'm going to check this place out more often.They are terrible I waited 10 minutes and still no one acknowledged my presence. Originally we called ahead to see if we could get a reservation for 7 people and they said they only took reservations for 10 or more. After I was finally acknowledged they said the person I spoke to earlier was mistaken and that they do take reservations. So before even being seated already really bad experience. Doesn't matter how good the food is if they can't get their staff organized and on the same page.First, I have a lot of respect for entrepreneurs that locate their business on Oretha Castle Haley Blvd today.  Any effort to restore this area to its former glory, if not something even better, should be applauded because with the right development, this area could be something very special.  
Second, I'm somewhat biased when it comes to Mexican food because I've spent enough time in Mexico and grew up in Texas so I know the difference between authentic Mexican and Tex-Mex.  
Third, 5 years ago getting good Tex-Mex or Mexican food in New Orleans was just not happening (please don't chime in saying, what about Superior Grill?  Look, I went there once and after they charged me $11 for the standard margarita in a plastic cup and served me fajitas that came with 3 tortillas; I never went back).  Today, Mexican food in New Orleans is a different story so there is competition but at the same time I'm always glad to at least have options.
Now my review.  The decor is unique and interesting, yes this is very true.  Moving on to the service.  Look, don't look surprised if they just say, 'how bout that table?'   OK, we've all been to places like this so deal with it.  
Next, the Menu.  Libations are the first thing on the menu so you would think that 'Oh hey, they place a very high regard for their drinks here, they should be good!'  No, that's not the case at all.  They place them first so that you'll order a crazy expensive drink, get a little tipsy, then not realize how much your final bill is. (just wait, more on this later).  Ordered the House and Cadillac margaritas.  $11 and $14 respectively.  You'd think that for $3 more, the Cadillac would be something unique and exciting.  Not only was it neither, but the bar tender had to yell out to our waiter which drink was which because the Cadillac looks exactly like the house margarita.  Huh... ok, maybe the presentation is the same, but I'm sure the flavors will just knock our socks off.   We couldn't taste any difference in the drinks except that the House was solid tequila.  On the scale of 1 to 10 of margaritas I've had in life, these ranked around a 4 or maybe 5.  Loading a margarita with more tequila doesn't really make the drink 'great' unless you're a tourist in Mazatlan at senior frogs and you just want to get loaded.  Yeah, I've done that... but I don't want to do this on a Saturday afternoon in New Orleans. 
The Food.  Since we arrived in between lunch and dinner, we wanted something light and simple; a small plate perhaps.  Ordered the tacos and guacamole.  The tacos were authentic Mexican tacos; ones you'd find in food trucks at 2AM in Mexico City or Monterrey.  These tacos were on par with the best.  Good job.
The Guac was very good as well and went great with their salsa which has a smokey vibe to it, very filling.  
When we got our check, I noticed we were overcharged for the tacos and Guac (overcharged by a dollar for each).  I don't work in the restaurant industry but I would imagine in this day and age where everything is electronic and you just tap a screen to put in an order, the computer should know the prices.  The place wasn't even busy so a quick look over of the bill before giving it to us would be doable.  Sadly, we had to take this mistake out of the waiters tip.  
Look, I had very high expectations for this place and I'm sure when there is live music playing; this would be a great place to take a date or your wife if you're in the mood for Mexican food.  If you're looking for just the food part of that equation but without dropping a somewhat crazy amount of change, go to Tacos and Beer.  You'll get the same tacos, better margaritas and walk out with gas money.  Ok Casa Borrega, come out with a food trunk version and cut your prices in half, then we'll talk.some of the most authentic mexican cuisine in town. lengua, churros, flan, tequila, etc. totally fantastic.  happy hour starts at lunch time and they feature live music some nights tooSuper yummy authentic cuisine. The sweetest waitress. Fun colorful atmosphere. Little pricey but delish!Beautiful! Delicious! Warm, Inviting Atmosphere! Delicious food! I loved the veggie tamales and fish tacos! Bomb margarita! GO!Best Cinco de Mayo block party in New Orleans! 
Casa Borrega is a really cute restaurant in Central City. I haven't yet been there for a regular meal. However, I went to their annual Cinco de Mayo block party and it was SO much fun! From the live music to the divine carnitas to the perfect margaritas, I couldn't have asked for a better evening.This place looks amazing, and has brilliant decor, but I wasn't impressed with the food, and it's super pricey. The look of the place brought me and my little family in, but we won't be returning. Our bill was over $60 bucks, and that's with no drinks. My 4 year old daughter had a "child cheese quesadilla" and it was $9.50 alone..So crazy! We eat out all over the city, and I've never seen a child's plate that pricey before, especially for a cheese quesadilla...We don't mind paying for great food, but this place wasn't quite worth the wait or the price. Maybe try it out if you're just looking for a margarita..My review stands. My $10 drink (yes, it was ten dollars after tax), came in a small glass. It may have been "vintage", but it was small. This was not during a crowded time, as the owner suggested. This was at 8pm on Monday or Tuesday. 
Maybe if the management spends less time second-guessing the less-than-stellar reviews left by its clientele, their food and drinks would be better. Docking a star for the Spanish Inquisition-style approach to following up on negative feedback.rating ------00000000
do not visit this place, over prized, worse customer service, horrible mix driks, both owners are very unprofessional especially "hugo" he's very obnoxious, rude, and vulgar. horrible experience. do not dine here, carreta's restaurant on veterans hwy is 100% better than this eatable over rated meal. being served by the bartender whom was clueless about the menu tells you something. we gave them the benefit of the doubt and unfortunately the experience was a nightmare. be careful with reviews from this place. do not dine here because you will regret it!!!!!Love the owner Mr. Hugo!!!! They are right in central City and down the street from my job. A bit pricey, but it's worth it. They have some great ceviche and sauces. The drinks are good too. Staff is really nice and attentive when needed. They also have a cool patio area.So, we read the reviews and really wanted to check this place out. We Pass it all the time and wondered if it was good. 
I like the laid back atmosphere and music. After reading the history of the place,  everything fits. We had 2 Cadillac margaritas, no salt, and they were good; a tad sweet, but good.  I had the flautas and rashly liked them. They were just like flautas from the street vendors in Mexico. My partner had the mole enchiladas de pollo. The mole was good,  but slightly sweeter than I'm used to in Central American cooking.
Please remember this is NOT a tex mex place.   They don't have frozen drinks,  refried beans or chimichangas. This is autentico mexicano.On the plus side, this place offers a nice atmosphere with quirky decor in an old converted shotgun. The menu has variety, and the food is fresh, and it's commendable that they've renovated a place in a Central City neighborhood desperate for revitalization. 
For the major downsides, see the inflated and sometimes misleading prices on the menu. I recently ate there with a friend. We each ordered one cocktail and fish tacos (3 tacos each, no sides). The bill came out to $58 before tip!  $17 for 3 modest  fish tacos is highway robbery, plain and simple. No order of fish tacos without sides is worth $17, period, and these were relatively bland and dry with a very small filet of red fish overpowered by cabbage and mango. Add to it that the menu said "+$1 for fish or shrimp tacos," which is misleading because they meant $1 per taco. Why not just say "+$3 for fish or shrimp tacos" since you don't even serve them individually?
I ordered a "Hemingway" cocktail with Flor de Cana rum. It was well-poured, but it was listed on the menu for $9 and was added as $11 on the bill. I was too annoyed by the extra $4 on the tacos to quibble over another $2, but overall I walked away feeling basically robbed paying almost $70 for a meal that should have been $40 or less.
Not bad, not great, definitely overpriced!We met the owner who is from Mexico and therefore this is a true Authentic Mexican spot.
And you know what, they backed it up serving us one of the best meals in town.
First, the margaritas were well made and delicious.  And the owner came out and offered us smooth Tequila....Great guy!
The chips and salsa was so so good!
The food along with the desserts were delicious and tasty.
****A GREAT SPOT TO EAT AND HANG*****
Go and enjoy!I cannot say enough good things about Casa Borrega. We went around 9 pm on Ash Wednesday and happened to be the last table in the restaurant. Despite our late arrival, the owner and staff were very accommodating. Prompt, friendly service and amazing food will bring us back. The tacos were on point (certainly better than some of the other "taquerias" uptown), salsa was smoky and spicy, and my Paloma was excellent. It was pricier than I like Mexican food to be, but they seem to have fine-tuned the menu and service issues that other reviewers have had. The décor was really cool and off-the-wall. In addition to the Dia de las Muertos decorations and sugar skulls, the interior featured an oddball VHS collection (that frankly looked like it belonged in my home) and movie posters. The owner, Hugo, showed us around the restaurant and patio after dinner; he was incredibly friendly and clearly passionate about his business. They have live music several nights a week during the warmer months, so we'll be hanging out on that patio come springtime. If I had more stars to give, they'd have gotten six.This my go to spot for Taco Tuesday any day of the week.  Always a some great live music. Great patio out back.The live Latin music and attentive service puts this place a notch above most Hispanic restaurants. Food was well prepared, hearty, and more Central American than Mexican. The music was live by a small
Ensemble of guitar, sax, and vocal.  Venezuelan, Brazilian torch songs, boss snova. Nead a hearty soup, but saw other dishes that looked good to.  More Focussed on small plat and a la carte offerings than most Hispanic restaurants.  Service was attentive, despite being packed. Nobly downside was it was difficult to hear the music over the background of insipid conversation. Need a nice back patio, a choice for my next visit. Nearly ng felt safe and easy to find.Horrible experience, worse customer service I've ever experienced. The owner Hugo, shouldn't own a business. OVER PRICED, STAY AWAY! Carretas in Metairie is 100% better for sure.I love this place. It was my first time here and it didn't disappoint. Iris, the bartender, has a drink named after her and because of it, I will forever be a patron.incredible, beautiful. period. the best restaurant in new orleansCute interior, tasty drinks, a little $$. Tasty food. Both times I went here, there was some kind of hiccup about the courtyard or seating.I got to visit Casa Borrega for the first time on their first Sunday brunch. We rolled in around 1pm and had coffee and eggs. My dining companion's migas were excellent and my huevos rancheros were the best I've had in Louisiana. Our blue corn grits were good if you like grits- if you aren't a grits fan they won't win you over. I had to borrow my dining partner's corn tortilla to sop up all the wonderful red sauce that came with my huevos. I was even impressed by the black beans- after years of disappointing black beans at Santa Fe and Felipe's, there's finally someone in town that can make black beans that aren't dry and depressing. 
There was a guitar player in the corner of the charming dining room the whole time we ate, and I hope Casa Borrega continues utilizing live music to draw in customers. The owner introduced himself to us toward the end of the meal, he was handsome, warm and genuinely interested in how our food was. This city is in desperate need of good sit-down Mexican food, and we owe it to ourselves as local diners to support Latin American cuisine whenever we can.  Everyone is saying OC Hailey is going to be the next Freret in terms of the dining scene- check Casa Borrega out before it becomes huge.Have you been searching for that neighborhood joint with a Funky Vibe? Look no further.  From the vintage pick-up truck parked out front flashing an open sign to the Donald Trump piñata leading the way to the unisex restroom, Casa Borrega has brought the funk. 
We dropped in on a recent Wednesday night, and good thing we were the first to arrive, as about twenty minutes later the place was packed. 
Breaking it down: 
* Funky. Quirky décor.
* Funky. LOUD. Live music.
* Excelente. Guac and salsa (the red salsa was thick and smoky- delicioso). 
* Excelente. Service. Sassy, welcoming and efficient.
* Buena. Margaritas. Cadillac & House. Fresh,  good (I'm a hard-to-please tequila drinker). 
* Buena. Food. Overall we all enjoyed our meals. Some more than others.   
* Enjoyed: Good Company. Good Drinks. Good Food. 
And did I mention LOUD...I mean Live music!!Last time i had visited Casa Borrega, the food & drinks were outstanding, despite slow & inconsistent service, the food & drink quality always made up for poor service. Simple, rustic & authentic home cooked fresh mexican food, from the Baja peninsula to the mountain regions of central Mexico...that was about a year ago. 
Since then, the food & drink quality has changed & not for the good. A slow downward spiral. The service quality, from bad to horrible. Where do these people come from? Under rocks?
We came in as a party of 3, 2 others joined as we were well into dinner already, asked for a separate check, server told us they do not split checks, fine, ok. We checked off what we ordered & gave him cash. He told us he doesn't do the math & told us to write the dollar amount for items consumed. REALLY?! Isnt that part of your job, you are the server, thats why they call it service industry, We paid our portion in cash & gave him gratuity on what we thought was appropriate. We ended the evening at that. 
Half an hour later, i get a call from my friends who joined us late for dinner & questioned the bill, The waiter presented a NEW check, w/o any markings from the original, as to what was already paid  by us & Leaving his party responsible to pick up the remainder of the check. A classic example of over billing...sneaky & very unprofessional.
Despite our horrible service experience, Casa Borrega, has great funky & eclectic character & great potential to do very very well. Lots of ample parking, nice dining room & a very very charming patio dining room...Its just needs the right honing, a talented team, dedicated staff & key management to keep it together & on the map.We've decided we'll wait for our trips back to Texas to order margaritas. Can't find a good margarita in this city anywhere and I've been looking over 2 years now. Very disappointing. And who charges for chips and salsa? The chips taste stale to boot. Friendly staff - disappointing drinks and food and very very loud. Need sound absorbers....‍This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I want to give it 5 stars so badly, but after 2 years of operation, quality of service is still spotty. Still, eating here is worth the wait to get seated. Grab a drink at the bar -- cocktails are creative and delicious. Eat some delicious guac. And try to sit out on the patio. I love the aesthetic of the interior, but you can't beat the experience of the live music on the patio. It feels like a tropical vacation. (Disclaimer: it's pretty loud!) but seriously, every single dish is delicious. Also, I'm a vegetarian and I'm always impressed with their veggie dishes. A veg quesadilla is one of my favorites. My meat-eating boyfriend highly recommends the pozole.I just cannot get enough of Casa Borrega!! The most authentic Mexican food outside of Mexico City. We have done lunch, dinner and even brunch a few times. The enchiladas mole and the guacamole are incredible! Had Huevos today and the fresh juiced Bloodies were spectacular. Owners and staff are all very accommodating!!!Mole mole mole!!! Any questions about what to order pastor and MOLE!  
So good will be back, on my trip from Los Angeles,CA  to Panama City,FL had to drop here and some other places.
The environment of this local restaurant compliments the food by far!5 star  for fresh real.Mexican cusine with great cocktails. The decor is very busy but I liked it. Photos of Freda Khalo and jazz musicians, maps of journeys of colonial murderers like Columbus. 
The food was excellent. I had lamb with tortillas and my spouse had a seafood dish.  Both delicious. In the evenings there is live Latin jazz rather loud as its a small.place but funStellar atmosphere. Awesome owners. Food was great (mine could have warmer though). Really great place in an area of nola that needs it.I keep seeing the reference to San Antonio, but no mention of Carne Guisada ??  Very disappointing!!   I can't find this anywhere in New Orleans or Houston either.Went for dinner last night.  The food was good and the service great.  Highly recommend the guacamole!   The chile rellanos were very good, as we're the rice and beans. Will return to this lovely little restaurant!Only giving this place 2 stars because the food wasn't bad. The service however....don't get me started!! They seated us at a two-top and the table was wobbly. They fixed that. We ordered 2 drinks, an appetizer and 2 entrees (the food isn't cheap by Nola standards so this wasn't a small check) and about 25 minutes after we were seated we started to get glared at by our waitresses! We were still eating and drinking when one of the waitresses brought 2 boxes over for our leftovers (even though we were still eating) and another brought over the check. When we left the check to sit because we were still working on our food and drinks (never offered a dessert menu either), the waitress walked over and had the gall to stare at the check before asking if we were okay. When I responded that we were still working on our drinks she walked away in a huff. Another waitress came over to tell us that she needed our table for an 8pm reservation (it was 7:59pm) and could move us to a table in the back.....we responded that we would like to speak with the manager, who was not particularly fluent in English and didn't diffuse the situation well at all, though he did end up giving us 50% off. For a meal that was initially overpriced for Nola standards, horrible service (who goes out to eat to get stared at???) and ultimately a 50 minute meal, do yourself a favor and don't go! Juan's on Magazine, Jonny Sanchez, Rum House and Felipe's are much better for a casual Saturday night meal. We will definitely not be returning!This was the 2nd time I went.  My friends and I sat at the bar.  It was Nov 1 and the bartender was slammed.  But she offered the best and nicest service I've seen.  I can't think of when I've seen someone work so hard under so much pressure, and she still got our drinks to us very quickly.  We had chicken mole enchiladas and they were magnificent.  The mole was some of the best I've had.  This place has it all.  Best atmosphere, best food, best employees.  Wonderful experience.GO EAT HERE! Such good food / atmosphere / and incredibly friendly staff. Family place with amazing food. Might be my favorite place in nola. Can't recommend it enough.The inside of this place alone is amazing. It's like a mexican restaurant meets a rustic bar. The patio they have outside is lovely with beautiful lights everywhere. The night we went they had a band and it was one of the more relaxing restaurant atmospheres I've been in. The reason for the 4/5 is for the service, which was a little slow and inattentive at times.
One of the few authentic Mexican places here in NOLA. (another would be Taqueria guerrero which I would give a 5/5). I loved their tacos, specifically their fish-simple but flavorful at it should be. My friend got their tostadas which looked just as impressive, so I'll get that the next time. Also,their beans are seriously on point. Not the crap you would get out of a can that are served at other Mexican places.  I know a lot of people have raved about the ceviche but it just didn't do it for me.  The portion was generous but i thought it needed more lime and I kept tasting an overwhelming chili powder taste. I think they have a lot more choices than most Mexican places and a nice cocktail menu. Overall, I look forward to going back. I think they have a lot more choices on their menu than most Mexican places as well as a nice cocktail menuAuthentic is a term often bandied about and even more often misused. Casa Borrega is authentic, no mistake. Hugo and wife serve up pan-Mexican food by way of Mexico City of a homemade quality. This is not Mexican street food. This is food for if you love Mexico. The cook is from Puebla but the mole is of Oaxacan quality, the Pibil pays homage to the Mayans, and the guacamole, beans, and rice are excellent. Tacos are superb and anything with fried masa, well, get that. Come hungry, get soused. My new favorite restaurant.Fun nights! 
         Delicious Tex-Mex/ Mexican food, probably the best in the city.  And dancing exactly when it is right.  The bartenders and waitstaff are so super friendly and thoughtful. Owners too. 
         LOVE the decor, and the "OPEN" sign in the truck outside. 
Thanks Casa Borrega! We love the OCH area!I set reservation for a party of 25-30 ppl. I even exchange emails with the owners wife and she said they would be more than happy to  accomdate  such a large crowd, but when my guest started to arrive the owner said he didn't have know where to sit my guest and he had been holding tables since 7pm waiting on my party, but keep in mind my party didn't start til 8pm. The service was so horrible that several of my guest didn't eat including myself and the drinks came out 45 mins after we place an order. It gets better, the owner himself came out to my guest and just went completely off on one of my guest b/c he ask for crown on the rocks and told him he doesn't carry such an inexpensive brand ( excuse me Crown Royal) and went as far to tell my party he is a true Mexican flinging his hair saying u don't come across a real mexican like him and that there food is the real thing. He went as far as telling us this is not Taco Bell are Tex Mex. One of the waitresses was so damn rude to us, such a horrible experience for my birthday dinner.  The owner even told us in his unprofessional rant that he did't even want such a large party there anyway, but his wife always trying to please everyone ( Umm, I think that's how u want to be with opening a new business and to gain more business by word of mouth). I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND ANYONE TO PATRONIZE THIS UNPROFESSIONAL WANNA BE BUSINESS, EVER!!!!! WORSE WORSE EXPERIENCE IN LIFE!!!!!!I was at an event that had food from here. The guacamole and salsa were delicious and the chips were fresh. There was also vegetarian quesadillas that were pretty tasty. Soooo, I inquired about where the food was from and found out about Casa Borrega. I made my way over this past weekend just for the guac and salsa. I was a little dissapointed because it was $10 for a pint sized container and chips. I was expecting to pay about $7. Also, the guac was not exactly the way I remembered it. It seemed more like a mashed up avocado with some cilantro leaves in it. I don't know if it was a different chef because the first time was Thursday evening and the second time was Saturday morning. I might go again and dine in and see what I think. Hopefully I will enjoy it more and update my review.The place has a funky vibe. The food is good, this is my second time there and I've had the torta and tacos. It's a little pricey for lunch with up-charges. 
The waitress there has always been great. Another downside is it seems rather warm in the building.The owners of this place have done a great job helping to revitalize a new area of New Orleans. Great drinks and new innovative food.I'm sad that I can not remember my servers name because he was fantastic. Loved the food so much. Will be back frequently.We were looking for a place nearby with Mexican food and this one popped up. We decided to try it and I am glad that we did!! It was a Friday around 2pm and we nearly had the place to ourselves. The atmosphere and decor was fun. The service was great, and the food was amazingly delicious. We started off with an appetizer of chips with guacamole and con queso, no complaints there. My son and I shared a plate of Pulled Pork Nachos and we were both very satisfied. My 8 year old ordered the Chicken Tostados but they were too spicy for her. The server was attentive and noticed my daughter's dislike of the dish and had the cook make her a burrito. My daughter said it was the best burrito she has ever had in a restaurant. My son took the Tostado leftovers and agreed that they were pretty spicy. Overall, we were satisfied and will definitely go back.The ambiance is cool.  The tables in the corners need to be gotten rid of.  We were literally sitting in the corner facing the corner, like you would with a student who was being bad.  Guacamole is very good.  Everything else is overprice and under seasoned.
If you want to go listen to music and have a drink it's ok.  Not really worth the money for anything else.I had to give 5 stars for the most authentic Mexican food I've ever had in New Orleans....also because the very gracious owner allowed us to sit and eat in the restaurant during off hours.     Combine that with a very rich expression of Mexican and New Orleans Decour infused.....to make for a very rich experience in flavor and culture.   If you're from Mexico and you're missing home this is a good place to remind you of home...    And if you're a lover of Mexican culture then you must go to this place and bring a friend and tell them to be open-minded because they might not really know what true Mexican food is.I'm going to do the cliche, "I'm not a yelp reviewer." However, if you're looking for authentic Mexican food, great margaritas and a really cool atmosphere, this is the place to go. The food is great and if you sit at the bar, you may be lucky enough to get a little tequila knowledge from the owner, Hugo.Kudos to Casa Borrega for putting a fun, hip restaurant in an area of town that's experiencing a major renaissance. We have been twice and have had a phenomenal experience both times! The servers are attentive, the music is fantastic and the drinks are amazing. We were surprised by the somewhat lackluster reviews, and wanted to add our "two cents" to fellow Yelpers. Even if you just go to check out the decor, have a handcrafted cocktail and listen to some lively music, do yourself a favor and check out this little gem...Food was delish  and the tequila choices are amazing. The owner and his wife are very pleasant. I would recommend  eating here. The only real issues for me were that they changed the menu , there are less options authentic  options. The decor and quaint feel of the restaurant  is very welcoming.Small menu but great food. Plus really cool interior and patio. Excellent drinks. I thought the prices were super reasonable and portions big. The guacamole is superb.This place is great! Loved everything about it, from the decor to the food and drinks, this place is a 5 out of 5! Tried it for the first time today at lunch and my parents and I thoroughly enjoyed everything. Definitely a place i will go back to over and over again. If you are looking for great tacos, homemade salsa, and delicious margaritas with a mexican/rustic/casual atmosphere, this is the place for you. But I highly recommend coming for lunch because it can get extremely crowded for dinner from what the waiter told us and that part of town isn't so great at night. Worth the trip, try it out!Because everyone needs goals in life, I am on a mission. That mission is to eat at all of the restaurants listed on the "38 Essential New Orleans Restaurants, January 2015": http://nola.eater.com/maps/the-38-essential-new-orleans-restaurants-january-2015
I had already eaten at 22 of the above establishments, when I found myself in the mood for Mexican. I rushed over to Casa Borrega to satisfy the craving.
First of all, the decor in this joint is choice. I love the Catholic/Mexican/Dia De Los Muertos feel of the entire place. I almost felt like I was having dinner in a fancy Mexican Church. Or maybe I felt like I was having dinner on a Dia De Los Muertos altar. Whichever it was, I liked it.
I hadn't had a margarita in way too long, so the first thing I did was order a "Margarita Borrega", which was muy delicioso. I might have had two, but who was counting?
The first thing they do after you order your drinks is bring you some chips and fresh guacamole. OH MY GOSH! This guacamole puts my homemade guac to shame. It's super fresh and it's nice and thick with tomatoes in it. I couldn't get enough. One complaint: the chips are way too thin for the thickocity of the guac, so they tend to break. As far as "issues" go, that's not a big one.
As for the menu, everything sounded incredible, especially the "Plato Mixo", which was basically a little sample of everything. You gotta really ask yourself, "Do you want to walk out of here or waddle?" I chose to walk, so I went with the Enchilada de Mole instead.
Let me tell you- these chicken enchiladas were delectable and they were not shy about smothering them in mole sauce. I'm not complaining! The sauce was AMAZING and the enchiladas were incredible. The dish came with a side of beans and rice, but honestly, I would have been happy with just the enchiladas. The beans and rice were a little bland, which I totally get, because not everyone likes spice.
I wish I had had room for dessert, but alas, there was no way that was going to happen. All in all, I loved my meal here and I can't wait to return. They also have a stage for live music, so that's something I will definitely have to check out!Happened to drive by and was attracted to the decor from the outside. I decided after my errand I had uptown, i was going to swing back and give them a try since I've also had them bookmarked for a while.
I've been on a Mexican food rampage the past couple weeks and have been quite pleased with my findings. Naturally I was happy about continuing the binge, giving a new restaurant a chance. The food was good, nothing that blew me away, but good. The service was super friendly and prompt, certainly a nice staff in there.
I was ready for a more authentic Mexican style/flavor. I ordered a fish, shrimp and pastor taco with a side of rice and beans. I went at the fish first and found it to be good, but somewhat dry, so I hit it with some hot sauce and that woke things up a bit. The shrimp taco was okay, I liked the pastor the best out of the three. The beans are not seasoned at all so if you need, be sure to use some.
I sat at the bar and i will say if you can get a table, get one. Thing is, the bar top is pretty much flush with the under part, so there's no room to sit and eat comfortably at the bar. The inside is really cool, lots of interesting decor and ornaments around.
The pricing seemed a bit steep relative to what you pay and recieve at other Mexican joints. Fourteen dollars for three tacos and a little thing of beans and rice didn't fill me up like a fourteen dollar meal should. But hey, I'd give them another shot, i really like the interior and that whole little strip seems to be working towards being a cool little stream of businesses on the horizon.What a great place. The back porch deserves six stars; I'd like to live there. 
We stopped in on a Wednesday night, only to find it was closed. One of the owners, Hugo, nonetheless gave us a walkthrough and invited us to sit with him at the bar, have a beer and talk Mexican history. 
He explained that they deliberately chose to open in a neighborhood that's trying to revitalize, rather than an already-hip one, because of their devotion to the city. On top of that, the space is gorgeous, there's always some great live music, and the food is quite good. I'd say it's among the best of its kind in NOLA--granted, it isn't exactly a panacea of Latin cuisine. 
I had the tongue taco, which was delicious, and a pretty darn good mojito. My friends had other dishes that I wasn't crazy about, but they seemed to like. The only thing that I didn't love was the rice pudding--but I'm not a rice pudding fan in the first place, and it was compliments of the chef, so I can't complain. I hope and suspect that their food will soon achieve five stars, as it's a new place and I'm sure the chef and staff are still tweaking things.Decent vegan and gluten-free margaritas. 
Service was painfully s l  o   w    w      w to get started but staff seemed to find their groove eventually. 
Jess is a very good bartender & has a sense of humor. 
The food was decent, but could use some improvement. 
Fun decor.
Great music.We had a tremendously lovely experience at this wonderful restaurant. The food was amazing and the hosts--the proprietors of this family restaurant--welcomed us like friends. They were exceedingly accommodating and absolutely lovely. The ambiance was perfect--from the charmingly decorated interior to the inviting back patio. I could not recommend this place more. Please visit, you will not regret it. I can't wait to go back.Neighborhood gem.  Outdoor patio is very inviting.  Awesome food and even better drinks.  Check out any drink and the churiqueso.  These guys are just 3 or so blocks from our place and that's quite dangerous.  Hugo has live music most weekend nights which only adds to the specialness.The restaurant is a constant disappointment. The food is only okay and not worth the cost. The service is always terrible and it takes forever to get your food. I have tried to go at different times and even different days. It never matters. It's always a disaster. Such a shame too. It's a cute place. Won't be returning nor recommending ever.Fun funky restaurant in a restored home on Oretha Castle Haley with a nice patio in the back.  We enjoyed refreshing Cadillac margaritas with our appetizers.  All our food was delicious including the mole and the tacos, especially the shrimp and the pork.  They have live bands on the weekends!  We'lldefinitely be back.Really good atmosphere but the food was lacking. Definitely not worth the price. Just very average overall.Dis ain't no Taco Bell honey!  This is authentic Mexican food and it's absolutely to die for.  I personally am addicted to the chille relleno.  I have had chille relleno many times in Austin and even in Mexico and honey, this chille relleno is the best you have ever put in your mouth.  It's like your Mama made it.  I can't say enough about this eclectic Mexican restaurant housed in an old Greek Revival house near the CBD in New Orleans.  The interior is trippy and fun to gaze at with tchotchkes from all parts of Mexico.  Please do not forget to try one of their top shelf margaritas and do not leave without eating some flan.  And, if you are up for a little salsa, check out the back porch and work off some of that glorious food.  I must say Casa Borrega is a true 'mouth orgasm', sorry but dat just said it all!  Muy sabrosa!This must be the slowest service in New Orleans. And that's saying something. Dinner has taken over 2 hours and still is not finished. I am not sure that the service staff here knows the definition of competence. Surely, any sober person would be able to provide better service than I have experienced here tonight. I mention sobriety (or lack there of) because there is no other explanation for the abysmal service that we received tonight. A quick perusal of other reviews reveals similar issues. Stay away. Unless you want to be filled with the rage of a thousand collapsing stars over the increasingly negligent service throughout the evening.NOM. YES. I need to go back for brunch.
Wifey and I went there last night for my birthday dinner because I had been hearing about this restaurant for months. It finally opened, and we managed to get there a few weeks later.
We walked there from our apartment (another perk, this place is really close to home) and were immediately impressed that this place is WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE! It was notable if only for the fact that so many places in NOLA are blatantly not accessible and it makes us sad. High five for you, Casa Borrega.
We were greeted and told to sit wherever we liked. Wife immediately went to the bathroom so that she could go peek at their outside patio, which she said was beautiful. 
The inside of the home is really well decorated. It has a perfect, home-y New Orleans feels. It reminds me of a Mexican Jacques-Imo's.
Our adorbs waitress comes over to take our drink orders. Now, this was the only thing I wasn't impressed with. Their drinks, even during happy hour, were expensive. I tried a honeydew daiquiri and it tasted like there was zero alcohol in it, it came in a tiny glass, and it was $5. They had a $7 margarita for happy hour, too. So, meh. Next time I'll get a beer. 
We had the gringa to start: grilled seasoned pork pieces with cheese on flour tortilla, with a little bit of guac and salsa on the side. My wife would not shut up about how good these were. Indeed, I think we ate them in like five minutes flat. The tortilla was perfectly crispy and fresh, the meaty and cheesy filling was perfectly proportioned and seasoned, and the guacamole and salsa were the perfect accompaniments instead of overshadowing the flavors of the dish. It was complex, but in a good way, which is not something one normally thinks of in relation to Mexican food.
The owner (and briefly his wife) came over to chat with us. He was so sweet and clearly is really dedicated to making sure everyone was having a good time. 
For our entrees we ordered the chef's specials: Camarones Rellenos Culiacan (large Gulf shrimp stuffed with a mixture of cheese and Poblano peppers wrapped in bacon, and served with rice and asparagus) and Cochinita Pibil (traditional slow-roasted pork dish from the Yucatán Península, marinated in citrus and roasted in banana leaves, served with red onion garnish, black beans and rice). I had the pork dish, and I was immediately impressed by the presentation of both mine and my wife's dish. The pork fell apart on my fork and was flavorful. It was obviously good quality and fresh, which is really important to me because I am a texture person. One piece of fat or weird texture and it puts me off the whole meal. Also, the rice was DELICIOUS. It was perfectly cooked and buttery and amazing. My wife enjoyed her dish so much that she ate literally everything on her plate, which almost never happens. 
Sadly, we couldn't try dessert, because we were so damn full and happy.
Our waitress was really great, the service was timely but not rushed, and the vibe was lively but not obnoxious. We will definitely be back!Ran into this place for my birthday when was trying to go to superior grill and there was a 2 hr wait , when I first got to this place I was like what the heck this is odd and the waitress was like hippie and I was with some ppl who were interested in the American Mexican food at superior so we just ordered a few things the guac was like the best I have ever had OMG ! And the salsa too were sooo good . We all ended up ordering a bunch  of quesadillas and they were all soo good. So after that day me and my brother kept going back and have loved it every since the service is relaxed and friendly and they have bands an outdoor courtyard it's so cute and different but legit Mexican ! Sooo if you have friends that want that tex mex shit this ain't for them!Warning: the owner will probably come to your table and talk to your group so if you don't want that, don't go. I enjoyed it. It's a beautiful space and the food was top notch. Tried the Mexican soup and half the tacos on the menu. Horchata was exceptional. Mexican coffee was good. I will be spending my hangovers here.I was looking forward to trying Casa Borrega as I am in town for the next three months and they are quite near to my hotel. I ordered from them over an hour ago and I just got a call telling me they canceled my order because they were "too busy." Guess I can't actually try your food and I certainly am going to think twice about ordering from you ever again as I can't trust I will actually receive any food. You shouldn't have accepted my order if you couldn't have fulfilled it. That's bad business.Had an awesome time. Great food, excellent service, and fantastic music. Margarita and ceviche were the best I've had in a long time. The Borrega de Oro was delicious.The service was abominable! We entered an empty restaurant and the waitress was totally derelict in asking for my drink and food request. She was only concerned with asking my husband for his drink and food request - not myself nor my son! Granted, my husband and I were "having words", but our conversation had NOTHING to do with her doing her job. I finally DEMANDED A DRINK for myself and myself son - a Dos Equis Amber for me, and asked for ceviche. It took her 20 minutes to come back and tell me they had no ceviche! She brought me my beer in a can, I asked for a glass. 15 mins later I had to go to the bar and ask for a glass! Appalling, that is the only thing I could say about my and my son's service and the lackadaisical attitude our waitress had. I will NEVER go back to your restaurant again. Bottom line, as a Le Cordon Bleu Certified Master Pastry Chef I felt that I was unwelcome and that I was wrong for expecting good service - which is just as well. My son and I did not get it. My husband did though, but even he was disgusted with the service...Incredible experience! I've never been to Mexico, but I imagine this is what it's like. We went on a last minute double date on a Saturday night. There was a wait, but we were able to order drinks from the bar while we waited--that actually didn't take that long! I ordered the Cadillac Margarita like so many other reviewers. The thing came in a goblet the size of my head! I had to use two hands to pick up the glass! Aye Karumba! 
We ordered the guacamole; creamy combination of cold and spicy heat! We also enjoyed their appetizer combo which helped expose a newbie like me to eating cactus and authentic tamales. For my entree I had the stuffed pepper filled with meat and cheese. You get two and so I ended up taking one home and eating the other for breakfast! Buenos Dias! 
I can't wait to go back! ¡Hasta luego!Great atmosphere, music, fabulous food. This is not your run of the mill Tex-Mex kind if place. The lamb tacos were definitely worth coming back for and the margaritas were fat and tasty! House made chips and one if the best salsas in town.We came in not really sure what to expect, we just knew it was a place we'd need to try, being in our neighborhood.  We both like Mexican/Spanish, and were hoping to find a good 'go-to' spot in the neighborhood.  To summarize, the experience was underwhelming at best.  A new waiter, who was about as bland as the food.  Two cocktails, that were so decidedly strong in one addition's singular direction, they became quite one dimensional.  Appetizer was good (but probably closer to 6th or 7th best in the city in terms of tamales), and our entrees were pretty good as well.  I had the Cuban sandwich, my wife chose a beef and a pork taco.  One of the tacos came with canned pineapple, and when the owner approached our table I assumed she was going to ask how our dinner was, instead she said, 'and you were the table complaining about the portions?'  To which I said 'No, but I guess if I had a complaint it'd be the canned pineapple on the taco.  That was kind of strange.'  To which I didn't receive much of a comment except, 'Oh, I guess that's what the kitchen is using right now...' and then she walked away.  No apology, or anything further.  Accusations and then no apology- quite strange.  Maybe they're going for Mexico with the canned pineapple, as I'd expect that from a street vendor in say Tijuana selling dollar tacos, except this one was like $5.  The atmosphere was quite New Orleans-chic/hipster and nice, which I didn't mind, as atmosphere can be lacking in New Orleans restaurants, but not very Mexican really.Started with the chips and guacamole which were great! The guac definitely tasted like it had been made to order, and was full of fresh herbs, tomatoes, etc. Next we had an order of fish and shrimp tacos, both were wonderful and also maintained a very fresh, clean, and authentic to Mexico taste. The owner, Hugo, was behind the bar and brought out some hot sauces to compliment the seafood on the tacos. He was super friendly and inviting, and made sure we were well taken care of at all times. Would definitely recommend this place as a good drinking spot (the bartender was slinging out margaritas!), or to pop in for lunch or dinner. The atmosphere is vibrant and quirky, there's always something to catch your eye and capture your attention aesthetically.Went there a while ago and had a decent meal. The owner came out and talked to us and seemed like a nice guy. Just returned and was really surprised at how bland the food was. The portions were small and the food just wasn't that flavorful. The guacamole came with about 10 chips and the waiter messed up a couple of things on the order. The cocktails and atmosphere might be the only reason I go back. I noticed the owner wasn't there the second time, so that may have something to do with it. The reviews seem to have gotten worse over time..Suffice to say that this may well be my new favorite latin restaurant in New Orleans. While we do have some good Tex-Mex in the city and even some good Mexican it tends towards the tastes of the northern territories. This place brings us the flavors of the Yucatan and Oaxaca with all of their slow cooked, smoky, sweet, perfect goodness.
The service was a bit slow but then I was hardly in a hurry. If I wanted to get in and out I would have gone to Juan's. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The owner worked the room all night and was obviously very passionate about food and drink and talking about this ingredient and that and why he choose it.
The food was excellent, well proportioned, well presented and well flavored. This isn't rock-your-socks-off spicy Mexican, that isn't what they do in those regions, this is flavorful slow cooking full of goodness.
My one complaint was the band. While they were quite good they were doing kinda-sorta Cuban music. Some bolero or nueva trova might have fit the setting better; maybe even some Son Istmeño if you can find someone here to play it.Finally got to check this place out recently for a weekend lunch. Had delicious tacos and a beer. I would definitely go back - especially once their mezcal is back in stock!Love this place!! The atmosphere is amazing and the food is authentic interior Mexican food ("no burritos!"). Amazing queso and great drinks!I've returned a couple of times recently and the food has been very so-so. A recent taco plate was dry, lukewarm and not pleasing. Drinks are still knock your socks off good but would love to see a little more consistency from kitchen m.My boyfriend and I went to Casa Borrega the other night after being recommended it  by someone at the Zeitgeist.  Needless to say, it was the most disgusting food I have ever had the displeasure of putting in my mouth.  The drinks were great.  Our waitress was not that great but she wasn't horrible.  What was horrible was the food.  We ordered cebollitas and the taco (3) plate.  The rice tasted like it had been cooked in dirty bathwater.  The guacamole was tasteless.  Cebollitas were nasty and oily.  Tacos had no flavour at all.  I don't think they use salt.  The owner and his son came and talked to us and offered to prepare us guacamole and pork tacos since we didn't eat one bite of the food.  We should have just left as the guacamole was a teeny bit better as we added salt.  The store bought chips were stale and hard.  The tacos were the same tacos we just rejected.  We were told that their chef had been picked up by immigration and the ones in the kitchen weren't good like he was.  When asked to taste the taco that we didn't touch, the owner refused.  That didn't bode well with us.  I guess we've been watching a lot of Kitchen Nightmares.  We really wanted to like this place.  The inside is beautiful but the food needs a lot of work.  I really hope they can produce delicious Mexican food as what we had the other night was a slap in the face to Mexican cuisine let alone any cuisine.  I'm surprised at the high marks; perhaps it was when the experienced and stellar chef was there.  I do complement Hugo, the owner, for taking the time out to sit and talk with us about the food.  We really wanted to love this place and its food but we were seriously disappointed. I really hope they can get it together as they are a part in revitalizing a neglected and defunct area.Best Lamb Tacos - to die for.  Awesome atmosphere.  Did I mention the lamb tacos?This is easily one of the coolest places in a town filled with many such venues. 
The food is good and some dishes like the plato mixto with a tamale, chile relleno and flauta is excellent.   The Margaritas are better when Hugo - the charming renaissance man and artist-owner - makes them but even the regular is very good.  The decor is amazing.  Hugo is an accomplished artist in his own right and also a collector of found objects and materials,  His entire outdoor area is walled with old recovered shutters. Interesting objects are everywhere.  Even the open sign on the street out front is displayed in the rear window of a 50;s ford pickup that appears to be a junker.  Hugo insists runs like a top. 
Perhaps the most interesting element among many is Hugo himself whose affable personality  with an artist intellectual somewhere underneath it all generates warmth and a welcoming place that one imagines to be little like the Salons of the Lost Generation in 1920's Paris  - Mexican Style.Every thing we had was 5 stars!!!!  Excellent mole, excellent relleno chilies , excellent borrego !!!The interior is very nice. They have live music, a great patio, but the food didn't impress me at all. Our drinks were weak. This restaurant has a lot of potential but the food definitely needs some improvement. I'm not sure if I would return.This place has such a cool and authentic vibe as well as tasty food and friendly service. We went on September 16 when they were offering a special menu to celebrate Central American Independence and ordered this awesome tamale stuffed with poblano peppers and Queso Chihuahua, topped with their crema Mexicana sauce. We also got their homemade chips with guacamole and salsa to start which were all fresh and had great taste. Also - our food came out super fast, our waitress was very sweet, and we loved the live music. Great restaurant!Holy $&*! the pastor taco (and everything else, too).
We saw this place pop up on Eater and went to check it out on a Saturday night. The food was just great. On advice of a previous review, we got the mole enchiladas and the tacos. The mole was rich and delicious, and the tacos were tender and flavorful - the pastor especially was wonderfully marinated.  We got the flautas for an appetizer, which came with the house-made guacamole and pico de gallo,and everything was fresh and delicious.  They have an extensive margarita and beer menu, and the cocktails we had were well made and generously poured.  We sat inside because it was a little cool, but they also have a patio out back, and the decor for the whole place is really fun. The live music was going to start just after we had to leave (probably 8pm). We'll definitely be back.I was really really excited when I walked in. The ambiance is wonderful. The patio is the place to be. Its decor is wonderful, there's live music and its just a fun place to hang out with friends and get a drink. 
The food...well it needs a little work. I personally thought the guacamole was under seasoned. 
I ordered the tamales as an appetizer and they were actually the best thing I ate that night. They were steamed just right and the filling was really good. 
The tacos...well i was a bit disappointed. Since the tamales were so good I had high expectations for the rest. The lengua was a little grainy, the Al Pastor was on point and the fish tacos were ok. I think that next time i'll go less off the beaten path. 
Overall i left feeling OK. But its still a fun place. 
Buen Provecho!So I had been warned about the slow service at Casa Borrega before my visit. Everything I heard was true - the food is a little pricey yet delicious and the service lacks on all levels.  The food is very good and I would go back just to enjoy the charro beans.  Delicious!  What bugs me most is that we would have ordered more margaritas, more queso and salsa if we didn't have such a problem grabbing the attention of the server.  WE ARE TRYING TO SPEND MONEY IN YOUR RESTAURANT!!!  Is there no manager?  Anyone in charge listening?Food was REALLY average. The only decent thing was the guacamole, but the chips came out stale. 
Service was pretty crappy, actually. We had a whole conversation about what drink I wanted...but the server forgot about it entirely. And although I don't like overly attentive servers, she only came by for our order, to deliver food, and we had to corral her for napkins and the check. Which took forever to get back to us.
The point is, if the food was even halfway to good, I wouldn't give two craps about bad or mediocre service, but it just wasn't good.Real Talk.  This Place is Overpriced G.A.R.B.A.G.E.   God Awful Ridiculously Bad And Generous Excrement     Save yourself the time and money.  The place is plastic hollywood.  Nicely put together but for $18 you can get a cheese stuffed Poblano and a side of rice mixed with a bag of frozen vegetables.   Drinks are blah but nicely $10+What a unique and wonderful place this is. I had the red fish and it was amazing. The chips are made from blue corn purchased locally and are much better than the ones served at other Mexican style restaurants. The food surprised me it cam out so fast. The wait staff could not have been friendlier or more attentive. I look forward to treating other friends to a meal here in the near future. Another fun option is walking right across the street after dinner and catching a movie at the Zeitgeist Theater which will even provide a discount if you mention the restaurant.Casa Borrega, on top of having one amazing looking restaurant and great food, I honestly feel that the staff is what really gives this gem it's charm. 
The staff was extremely patient, genuine, and helpful. They bring the perfect balance of professionalism and laidback ness. 
Well done guys... well done  
I foresee many more dinners and fun times in my future at Casa Borrega!I had the chicken mole there for lunch one day and it was completely dreamy. I wish I could figure out how to do that accent thing because I didn't eat a mole. I practically had the place to myself. It has great decor, the staff was polite, responsive and friendly.  On the way out I had a nice conversation with the owner who obviously takes a lot of pride in his establishment. He was sincere and engaging. 
I went back for dinner on a weekend night and it was packed. Was happy to see them doing well. The staff was definitely leaning into a busy night and still extremely pleasant. The margarita I had was delicious and strong. I was so hungry, too hungry actually and I inhaled whatever I ate. I had the Cadillac Margarita and a great time with friends.Mexican food as good as you can get in the best of MEXICO! Hasn't been anything this good in NOLa since the original Santa Fe Restaurant on Dauphine & Frenchman pre-Katrina!!!Casa Borrega has a funky, tumbledown, faux Bohemian, intentionally cluttered exterior and interior, which screams, "Get ready to pay more than one typically pays for Mexican food". The wait staff are friendly and stand-offish, but thankfully not irritatingly familiar, like so many others. The oily chips & salsa (red & green types) were delicious and for $4.00, a ridiculous and ticky-tack rip-off (or, as people would have said, years ago, "a gyp"). I ordered the (3) Chicken Flautas ($10.00), which came with a bit of cucumber salad and a small lump of tasty rice, laced with some corn kernels. The food is good, the prices are higher than average, and you won't have to worry about leaving the place feeling full. 
RJTI had lunch at Casa during my trip to NOLA. I had one of the best and authentic Tamales. Food tasted great. The owner Mr.Hugo and the entire staff ensured that our entire experience was pleasant and local. He recommended some best Tequilas and we really enjoyed the drinks as well!  I would highly recommend case barrera for Latin American cuisineThey have good tasty food, I got the mixed parrillada for 2 it was not bad, chips and salsa were good, they have mexican soda drinks, down thing is WAY OVER PRICED!!!! Are you kidding me, this ppl charge for chips and a fortune, so get ready to spend at least 40 buck on a regular meal with drinks and chips. I'm not going back Good luck!Best Mexican food we have found in New Orleans. Coming from Texas the bottom line is that Mexican food in this town is expensive as is the case here. 
Dined inside for dinner on a Saturday night, place was bumping with a Gypsy Kings esque cover band (very good). Service was fast and attentive in a really loud space. Ordered the choriqueso which was delicious with fresh chips. Wife and I both had cocktails which were great (albeit expensive). Both special entrees were good and we will definitely be back!The outdoor area is amazing try the taco trio the shrimp were my favorite and the quesochrizo was awesomeI was in NOLA (visiting from Atlanta), and prior to my trip, I did extensive research about where to go and what to do outside the French Quarter. Casa Borrega hit my radar, and I went on a Tuesday night. The place was full but we scored a table without having to wait. It was a little loud but the decor was fun and the place had great ambiance. This place is really fantastic. You just don't get authentic and traditional Mexican food like this in the States - dishes I'd never even heard of let alone tried. The service was excellent, and our server was thorough itch answers to our questions and made great recommendations. I had the special, which was kinda like a Mexican-style lasagna. It was phenomenal. We also tried the esquites and the Borrega de Oro, which were outstanding. Great tequila selection as well. If you are visiting, don't miss this place, and if you live there and haven't been, then you are missing out!Best Mexican food I've found in the GNO area! I lived in Houston for 10 years so I am very picky but this fit the bill. I was happy to see the seafood options on the menu. My only complaint - no green sauce (salsa verde), but the beans make up for it. Service was good, too.Amazing. Owner was very informative and funny, staff was so sweet. Food was authentic.I had a lovely dinner here last Friday. There was some nice live music going on and it was a good temperature that evening to sit outside in the lovely patio/courtyard/thing. The neighborhood is definitely sketchy but the place itself is very cool. I love the decor.  
The ceviche was delicious and was quite a generous serving! There were also a lot of chips involved. It was so yummy and fresh.
Then there was the chili relleno. That was very good and comes with two huge rellenos. My mother and I each had one and got them stuffed with vegetables. 
Service was a little slow but it was a fairly busy Friday night and it was so enjoyable to relax in the courtyard, I am not going to ding them for that, to be sure.This place is as cool as you've heard it to be. 
First time was one rainy Saturday. They were the only ones that were open, and were we happy they were! Delicious from beginning to end!
I ordered the wonderful soup while my friend got the ceviche and queso. And some beans and rice. Talk about a party in your mouth!
Everything was packed full of flavors and textures, perfectly cooked. Big portions that was filling and satisfying.
Next time was almost a year later. Everything was at great as remembered. My friend loves Mexican and said she found her new favorite place.Very friendly staff, although they are extremely busy.  I loved the Cuban quartet, they had a very good sound that was just right for the small room.We had a wonderful meal at Casa Borrega and will definitely be back. 
The atmosphere is beautiful and very inviting. We went on a Friday and there was a good trio playing live Cuban son, which added wonderfully to the ambience.
The cocktail menu is creative and in line price-wise with other good drinking establishment in the city ($7-10). My wife had a horchata and tequila cocktail that tasted like a Mexican spin on brandy milk punch (that's a very good thing). I had the "paloma," a tequila-based grapefruit soda cocktail--they were out of grapefruit soda so the bartender made it with fresh grapefruit. It was excellent. 
Food was very solid. We got complimentary guacamole and tostadas (I'm guessing this is not a regular occurrence) and the guacamole was fantastic. Tacos were very good too, and a plate with three tacos plus rice, beans, and guacamole was plenty of food. The cochinita pibil was a nice surprise, since it's missing from a lot of taqueria menus in the US.
All in all a great meal and a very fun dining experience!I truly felt the Latin atmosphere as soon as we parked. I ordered the quesadilla plate. It was so filling! I also order a flight of Tequila, in which I woke up smiling this morning! Great food and tequila! The service blew me away! Great customer service as well!Two underwhelming visits to the restaurant left me thinking, "I'll probably never come here again." But when you get invited to a birthday dinner you think, "hey, maybe 3rd times a charm." Nope, it's not w/ this place. Not even worth going into details, but for sure if you sit down, & Tyler is your server, kindly ask for someone else or get up & leave. Trust me.Amazing food, cool decor. Nice guy Hugo made some strong drinks. The most authentic Mexican food in town. The chips are fried to order. After having made the mistake of eating at Santa Fe on Esplanade, again I am reminded of his amazing Borregas food is. Go here, make the drive, it's well worth it.This is one of those great finds, with awesome atmosphere and lots of character in the decor. The staff was a little slow at first but they were friendly and made up with drinks on the house! The tacos and tostadas were very good :)I am shocked at other bad reviews. This place is fresh and authentic. Cool atmosphere with great service. Everything is from scratch including the freshly made margarita. Yes, it's real juice. I had a pork and carne Assad tostada. Amazing.The decor is amazing, a local treasure which makes the dining experience so much better. Cocktails were delicious and the food was well worth the waitThe only reason for my 3 star rating is poor service.
I'm not the first to say that.
In my opinion, the only one thing this place is missing is great service.
I can live with it being a little over priced.
Beautiful place, awesome design inside and out.
I really loved sitting out back listening to the accordionist playing, great atmosphere.
Food was good, large plates, great drinks.
I really loved their salsa, both the green and red!
If the service was as good as everything else, I'd probably give it a 5 star.
And by the way, you can't make up for poor service by offering a free drink!!!I looked at the menu it didn't excited me ...just a little options and kind overpriced .
The food was ok I had three tacos with beef and the watermelon Margarita wasn't good at all .
Friendly atmosphere.Owner was incredibly rude to our party, but wait staff was very kind. We were made to feel like we shouldn't be there by the owner, but the wait staff gave us great service. Food was unremarkable.Went for an early dinner and wanted to try something new.  I am a huge Mexican food fan and have always found the options in NOLA lacking.  Casa Borrega might not be exactly what I was looking for - but its damn close.  The dining room is very funky and comfortable.  Solid margaritas and beer selection.  We did small plates - the pork quesadilla and Al pastor tacos were great.  Shrimp cocktail wasn't my thing but this is personal preference not a knock on the dish.  Going to go back and check out some music - seems like it would be a great venue.Wow. I cannot say enough positive things about this place. The food is absolutely amazing and the definition of authentic. And if you're just there for the drinks, make sure to at least have some of the homemade guac and salsa! 
Casa Borrega has some of the best cocktails I've ever had. If you're a tequila fan, this bar is not to be missed. I've tried the caipirinha, the Diablo, the Torito, the Paloma (and maybe a few others) and none disappointed! 
And to top it all off, the ambiance at this restaurant is unrivaled. It's a fun, eclectic environment with a gorgeous back patio and great live music on the weekends. 
Great service, great food, great drinks, great experience. No hesitation giving this place a 5-star review.Not only is the service SUPERB. The owners are from Mexico City! I'm impressed that I finally found a place that serves legit guacamole. If my gram was still alive she would be pleased. 
Mexican heaven.One of the BEST places I have ever been. Tonight was my second visit and just as the first, it was a wonderful experience. For starters, the atmosphere is AMAZING. Before you even walk in, they have a cool looking truck chillin outside ready to greet you. As soon as I walked in my eyes were overwhelmed with the variety of art and culture displayed on the walls and hanging from the ceiling, and keep in mind this place isn't that big. Unfortunately on this visit, I wasn't able to eat outside -way too cold for that- but on my previous visit, the back patio was very chill and unique, just like every corner of this restaurant. From the mason jar glasses and unique tables and chairs, to the various types of album covers and posters on the walls. Even on my way to the restroom I was able to see tons of cultural art and unique miscellaneous items. And when I say tons I'm not talking about like in an art gallery where every display has a certain amount of space to its self. It's like the face of a teenage boy with a nasty amount of pimples upon his face: every time you look at it, you notice something new. But unlike the face of a teenage boy, this restaurant got me hooked within seconds. After sitting down the live music began to play and it added to the fun of our night. It was also pretty great to see two of the workers dancing to the music, honestly I wanted to get up and dance, too. In addition, this restaurant is surprisingly authentic. When I hear "Mexican restaurant" in NOLA that I haven't heard of before I get a little skeptical, but when my waitress put the menus on the table I was brought back to my childhood in Hondruas as soon as I saw the cover was the Loteria game board. Apart from the menu and live Latin music and endless types of alcoholic drinks, the food really expressed it's authenticity. Y'all... Those chips and salsas and Queso was something truly amazing. Chips and salsas often go unnoticed but that's the initial impression you get. If they don't make something as simple as chips and salsa GREAT how do you expect them to give you high quality entrées? But let me tell you... Casa Borrego pleased me immensely for the second time, and I don't doubt I'll be going a third time. However, it will be missing one star for the fact that the lighting was mainly neon lights so it was very dim and it was a bit of a stretch on my budget, but I promise you it's worth it.Delicious food, fabulous cocktails, cool artsy atmosphere, and even some surprise (and excellent) live music by one of my favorite locals (James Singleton). What more could you want? 
I'm baffled by the bad reviews. They all seemed to be about service, which I find bizarre. Everyone here was more than attentive and both food/drinks arrived quickly (despite it being a full house on a Saturday night at peak time). Don't let the negative reviews scare you away. I'd been meaning to come here for a long time and wish I'd made it here sooner. This is one of my new favorites.
A perfect New Orleans evening.I have to start my review by saying how nice this place is. Great drinks, great ambiance, great service. We've eaten there 4 times now and the experience has changed some but the core problems remain the same. They lie in the food.
When we first visited, servers were confused about the menu and less than together. It also seemed as though they couldn't keep the menu items available, even on slow nights, for no apparent reason. They are great in those respects now.
I have tried many of the tacos; they are all underseasoned and bland. The tongue was cut in cubes and was seared, with a crunchy edge that I am fairly confident was uncleaned tastebuds. The homemade tortillas were mealy and a mess to handle. 
The posole was a thin watery puddle with little pork and no flavor or seasoning to speak of. 
The ceviche was served in a ridiculous milkshake glass, and though the seasoning and acidity was great it was entirely clear that it had been sitting mixed for far too long. Fishy taste, obvious veins in pieces of shrimp, rubbery texture from over-marinating.
The chihuahua queso con vegetables? Laughable. Stringy seized cheese in a 50/50 ratio with cooked veggies. Impossible to dip without breaking the chip.
Then factor in that the prices are astronomical and I think you'll understand my disappointment. We won't go back- for food at least.I thought Casa Borrega was a strong 3 or maybe a 3.5, but I rounded down.  Summary: food is authentic and pretty tasty with nice ambiance.  Service...not great.
The food is definitely authentic Mexican.  I had the Borrego de Oro, which is shredded leg of lamb cooked in banana leaves.  Lamb was juicy, ok seasoning and served with nopalitos and cebollitas (waiter said one of these was tiny cactus).  I thought the lamb could have been seasoned more aggressively.  Little bland for my taste but still good.
The stand out dish for me was the Esquites.  Corn with Cotija cheese, mayo, chili powder and lime.  Excellent 5/5.  Sweet corn with savory seasoning and cheese.  What else would you want.
We also had some chips, salsa and guacamole.  Strong order.  I'm guessing the chips were made in house.  There was a hint of staleness, but it was forgiven because we loved the guac and salsas.  Guac had BIG chunks of avocado, which I love.  
Our service was not great.  There were not too many patrons, and our service was spotty.  The guy was nice, but he just wasn't around enough.  No two bite check in.  I had to flag someone down to get some water.  Room for improvement is all I'm saying.
Overall, I will repeat.  I won't be thrown off of good Mexican because of mediocre service.Mexican street food is what they advertise and I suggest they leave it in the streets of Mexico as the food was terrible and extremely bland (unlike any other real Mexican I've ever eaten)!  It was also interesting that it seemed to be gringos cooking the food.  Awful service to the degree it was the worst service I've ever had as I saw the waitress when she took my order and not again until I paid my bill.  I first attempted to order an iced tea and they didn't have that so I got a water instead which was served in a tiny mixed drink glass.  In the hour it took to get my food my miniature glass was refilled once and thankfully I finally noticed they had bottled mineral water and I got one of those before I expired from complete dehydration. The bar looked cool and had a small patio in the back so they get one extra star for that.  They should really lose the extra star though as I could only find one unisex bathroom in the whole place but it does have a shower so you can wash off the angst that all the dirty hipsters crowding this place will leave on you.  They had some nice looking and smelling mixed drinks and I might have tried some if I wasn't dying of thirst and hunger along with having such a negative experience with the food and service.  My experience here left me with a feeling of all I wanted to do was escape.  Maybe they will find a way to improve but my experience was so bad  I doubt I shall ever return.
If you want real Mexican then Taqueria Guerrero (next to Brocato's) will give you some authentic options.Great atmosphere. Their patio was  welcoming. We could enjoy the fabulous music from the main dining room and still have a quiet, romantic conversation.
The chicken mole enchiladas - very tasty. An overall fantastic dinner out for date night.This is exactly the type of place that the OCH neighborhood needs!  A fun and eccentric experience and atmosphere with amazing food!  Everyone dining at my table got the mezcal margaritas which are also available by the pitcher.  For dinner I got the taco plate which they allow you to mix and match.  Each kind of taco was great as were the chicken mole tacos that some other people at our table ordered.  In conclusion: great drinks, check,  great food, check, amazing atmosphere, double check!  As some previous reviews suggested the service was a little slow but we were there on a Friday night, and the wonderful ambience of the place made the wait very pleasant.  Will definitely be returning to Casa Borrega!Casa Borrega is a fantastic place to enjoy authentic food from the DF: the Distrito Federál, (México City). Owner Hugo Montero has poured his soul into this fine establishment and you will be rewarded immensely with tastes from his home. 
I especially enjoyed the Gorda de Cuitlacoche, based on a traditional fungus which grows on corn.What a fantastic place!!!  We had chips with 3 different salsas... all delicious, guacamole that was fresh and incredibly flavorful and the quesochorizo which was totally not diet friendly, but the flavor was off the chart!  Great venue although the neighborhood is a little sketchy.   Impeccable service to boot!   I will definitely go back!We dropped in on our first night in NOLA and on a friend's recommendation we came here. Visually assaulted by the old beautiful house done up real pretty. Inside the decor was a melange of Mexican and Nawlins iconography dripping from every corner, even the ceiling, and on the small but ornate stage was a trio playing excellent Latinx music. The house margaritas were excellent, the tacos de papa and guacamole were sumptuous and the chile relleno was spicy and tasty. This is NOT American-style Mexican food, this is Mexico City Mexican food. In other words, the real deal. Couples are, danced and drank thru the night. It's big on atmosphere.My friend and I came here for Sunday lunch. I loved the old house and eclectic decor.
We opted for the Coolinary Menu they were featuring at that time, which featured a three course meal. We started with the chips and Guacamole. The Chilaquiles came and next and they were delicious. Churros were the dessert.
The staff was very friendly. They also had live music - a guy playing Spanish Guitar in the corner. It was great!
I would definitely return here.We went for Sunday brunch recently and are of the opinion it's the most authentic Mexican we've found yet in NOLA.  I lived in L.A. for a few years and prefer real, fresh Mexican over Tex-Mex -- this place is real deal.  The tacos (the steak and the grilled fish) and vegetable quesadilla we shared were all excellent, very high quality ingredients and nicely presented.  One of the owners was there and it is clear that he really cares about his restaurant and his guests.  They've done a beautiful job with the space; you feel as if you're in a little oasis.  I'll be interested to see what they do with the lovely outdoor space in the back -- it would be a great place for a private party.  He showed us around and clearly takes pride in what he's doing, as he should -- the food and drinks (we tried the margarita) were excellent, the service was great (our waittress was actually having her first day on the job and still she was very attentive & knew the menu), and we can't wait to go back & bring friends.Dinner last night was an ordeal. It took an hour and 45 minutes to have ceviche, two entrees, and plantains for dessert. That plus two margaritas and two beers came to over $100 before tip. There was live music, and people at adjacent tables were shouting to be heard, so conversation was impossible. I have to say that the ceviche and plantains were excellent. Everything else was ok, except the service, which was abysmal. I might try it again for lunch sometime, but I didn't think it was worth the price even if the service had been great.Casa Borrega is one of the truly amazing restaurants in New Orleans and that stems from the care Jugo takes in running it. Its not a business; its his home and his life's work. The food is amazing, the service is amazing, the reviews saying otherwise astonish me. Jugo is meticulous and almost neurotically attuned to needs of his customers, adjusting not only whats on your plate (bringing salsa where he sees its needed, explaining the cultural etiology of your dish) but also whats around you (the music, the light, the noise).
I come by all the time and he is great to my girlfriend and I, but last week I came in with my visiting family and Jugo remebered my father, including his name, from like two years ago. He treated us incredibly graciously, giving us free, delicious tequila to commemorate our reunion. 
Get with itAMAZING FOOD! Everything was delicious....only I didn't care for the flan. But everything else was amazing. The ceviche here is now my favorite in this entire city thus far. Drinks are a little pricey but really yummy as well. This is a great place for a date night. Super cute decorating and very nice staff.Every once in a while, I find a restaurant that goes past the bells and whistles of trends and appealing to the "in" crowd and manages to mix a great ambience/vibe with great food. Casa Borrega is one of those places. 
I literally told a couple of friends that "This is the food my mom would make if she'd grown up in Mexico." 
I had a watermelon margarita, the borrega torta, and chips with guac. The lamb was obviously slow-cooked with care. The bread was a little sweet for my taste but worked well with the rest of the sandwich. (And, still, was something my mom would choose.) The ingredients were fresh. The guac was obviously made from scratch, and the server said that the margarita freshly made as well. (I'm not enough of a drinker to know about these things, but I thought it was delicious.)
The service was fast and great when I went during lunch hour, pretty much spot-on at noon. My server, Julia, checked in often to see if there was anything I needed. Another server/busser noticed I was finished with my plate moments after I pushed it away. (The restaurant wasn't bustling but had a pretty steady trickle of customers.) 
What pushed my review up to five stars was the general laid back ambiance of the place and the fact that they have live music here. It's clear that the people who own this place care, from the artistic touches on the building to the attention to detail in the records on the walls and the flowers on the tables. The employees I encountered aren't trying too hard to force the ambience; it was a friendly place with great food, good service, and a lot of cool stuff to look at.Food was good. Ambiance good. Service not Soo much. Was basically ignored upon entrance.What atmosphere! Amazing patio!!!! Had a great Paloma and enjoyed the perfect weather! This joint aims to make ya' comfortable. Feels like you're visiting friends...come wile away a beautiful day 'in the head' of the eccentrically courteous owner. I have found my patio bar!!!They serve the most expensive Mexican style tacos north and south of the Rio Grande. Spent 25.00 for two tacos and a margarita, including the tip. Tacos are 2 for 9.00 and margaritas are 9.00. I was still a little hungry when I left. Thought about ordering another taco but refused to spend more money for a taco dinner. Beans or rice are available at 4.00 each. Please to the math. I dont understand the high mark especially for a restaurant located in Central city.  The best thing served was the smoky tomato salsa that came with the tacos...very delicious! They were out of the goat tacos so I ordered the pork replacement and one lengua (tongue) taco. Both were good but served on one store bought tortilla. One tore down the bottom while eating.  The 1.00 tacos I had last week in Houston were better. 
I was really looking forward to eating at Case Borrega and was hoping that it would be a restaurant that I would continue to frequent but that will not happen until they dramatically reduce the prices and stop nickel and diming. I understand the time and cost of running a restaurant and the attention to detail when preparing and cooking food. I have been working in the industry for 20 years. But we're talking about tacos, folks! Roy Choi charges 2.29 for his tacos. Whats up?
I really hope they will figure this out before the newness wears out or someone else in the city decides to make a better and cheaper taco. 
The decor was festive and comfortable. 
Star rating is based on the value of what you get on your plate and in your glass.My husband and I went here last Thursday evening.  The vibe was great, the music, the dancing was fun.  I have to say the Shrimp Cocktail was GREAT!!!  All the food was good.  The wait was a little long (thus only 4 stars), but being newly opened we were ok with that.  We talked about that Shrimp Cocktail all day Friday and decided to go back to make sure it was as good as we thought, sadly it was not on the menu again.  We tried a couple of things we didn't have the night before and found it all good, service was a bit quicker too..........keep up the good work, we will be back.  But please keep that Shrimp on the menu!!We met the owner who is from Mexico and therefore this is a true Authentic Mexican spot.
And you know what, they backed it up serving us one of the best meals in town.
First, the margaritas were well made and delicious.  And the owner came out and offered us smooth Tequila....Gr
The chips and salsa was so so good!
The food along with the desserts were delicious and tasty.
****A GREAT SPOT TO EAT AND HANG*****
Go and enjoy!The guy in a suit, guessing the host, was beyond rude. Told him I was meeting some friends who had already been seated. He told me that was not possible as they don't seat incomplete parties. He actually told us to leave til "we got our act together". Turns out they had already been seated at a table, with seating for us, and were waiting. He didn't even bother to apologize once he figured it out. 
Food was average, but the takeaway is that I've never been treated so badly in a restaurant before.If you have only one night in New Orleans, come to this place. They have wonderful live music and incredible margaritas. It's very funky, eclectic, fun and really friendly people who own the place and who work here. They also have an outstanding patio. All in all, it's just a wonderful place.Decent food, cool ambiance, terrible service. Stood in the doorway upon entrance for 10 min with several tables available and was basically ignored by all the staff. Finally sat down for another 10 minutes before anyone took an order. Finally ordered Margaritas. After another 20 minutes had to say something to find out the drink ticket had disappeared. If we hadn't of said anything we would still be sitting there.I'm something of a Mexican foor snob, which was compounded by a week in Texas recently, so I was surprised to see how good this place was. I have dreamed about their choriqueso every night since I ate their. We went on a Saturday night, got seats in less than five minutes, and were eating in about ten minutes. Great tacos, great drinks, and cool atmosphere. The place is decorated with reclaimed local building materials and cool art. The salsa was really spicy, which I mean as a compliment. The only downside is that it took a while to get the check, and I probably would have had one more drink if not, but it wasn't bad, especially since the place was packed. Double bonus points for being one of the few small places in NOLA that doesn't over amplify the music!To bad they don't accept my preferred form of payment American Express.  Don't go if that is the only card you have unless you want to wash dishes. The food and margaritas are good.Went there on First Friday to enjoy drinks with a small group of four. Walked in the door and it was blocked off by a group of people talking to the host so I went to the bar to get a drink menu. The host came up to me and told me that I could not be at the bar and I needed to come back by the door to talk to him. When have you ever had to ask the host to sit at the bar? I thought you just say "hey guy, we're not eating, just wanna drink, no need to talk to me because I'm going to the bar". Anyway, after the host told me that I needed to get back to the door I asked if we could just sit at the bar and he told my group we could by a drink and stand outside. I turned around to my group and just told them let's go. 
So I can't give a review about drinks or food because the host was too rude for me to stay. 
Went to Purloo instead and had a great time.We have been hitting up all the new restaurants on OC Haley Blvd & they really are cleaning up the neighborhood.  Do not be put off by the location because the restaurants really is nice... but if you are not from New Orleans, this is not a neighborhood to walk around or explore.
The atmosphere here is great-  eclectic, cozy, and we were surprised there was live music when we went.  Compared to other places in the city, the cocktails are a very generous serving size! But you wont be sacrificing quality for quantity, they are very good, not watered down either!  The tacos and starters here are as good as the other Mexican places we like here (not to say they are the same).  The dish that stood out was the Mixto & the best item was the Chile Relleno!! it was out of this world.  Empanada was great too!Overpriced. Overpriced. Overpriced!
As someone who lived in San Antonio for 4 years, I would call myself a connoisseur of authentic Mexican food. Believe me, I am rarely impressed. Casa Borrega most definitely did not deliver. To start of, the kind waiter will offer you chips, salsa and guacamole. Surprise, they're not complimentary as you are led to think. They'll charge you for even the air you breathe in that joint. 
The service was also subpar, as I had to repeatedly remind the waiter that I had ordered a margarita. He served the entire table's drinks, except for mine and I had to wait at least 10-15min after I reminded him that my drink was missing. Yes, it was a large party of 16 people but the restaurant was pretty much empty that Thursday night. 
Moving on, my margarita on the rocks was $14. For a regular(more on the small side) sized, on the rocks margarita, I consider that $14 is quite excessive, especially in New Orleans. I'm sure the most expensive margarita I have had in New Orleans (before going to Casa Borrega) was at Ivy, for $12. And I got to say, this $14 margarita did not even compare to Ivy's.
Next, the tacos. For a 3 small VEGETARIAN tortilla taco plate with a smudge of guacamole in the center, I paid $15+. Again, the flavor was definitely not out of this world. I'm not saying they were bad,but if you're looking for good tacos and other Mexican dishes I'm sure you're better off even going to Felipe's! No joke.
Finally, it's a large party of 16. Oh surprise again, they don't separate checks. Is this not the 21st century USA? I thought not separating checks was something only rude European waiters did! Lastly, it's a $600 check. Surprise numbers three: CASH ONLY.
Do yourself a favor, take your Mexican food cravings elsewhere. You'll be satisfied, treated nicely, not overcharged and you won't feel like you're living in the Stone Age paying with coins and cash.  There are much better options in New Orleans for Mexican food. Sorry not sorry, Casa Borrega.
P.S: Don't even mention if you're at a birthday dinner. They'll bring cake, and they will most definitely charge it for it as well.Unfortunately, I cannot give a review of the food as we did not get that far.  A few months ago, my husband and I thought we would give Casa Borrega a try as we had heard some good things about the food.  
It was an early Friday night and we had our 12 month son with us.  I decided to go in first to check out the layout and be sure it was kid friendly.  Although there were a few steps to contend with, we were told by the owner's son that we would be welcome to use the back door to enter the outdoor patio with our stroller.  When my husband went to said door, we were met by the owner who rudely said that we were not allowed to use that entrance.  Once we explained that we were told we could use it, he reluctantly tried to show us to a table.  He made a stink about our stroller and walked away in a huff.  When I made a comment that I thought he was being quite rude, he rushed me to the front of the restaurant where he tried to show me a sign that did not exist but said that it was mentioned on their website that they were not kid friendly.  He then led me outside of the restaurant where he continued to yell that he didn't care if I thought he was rude and/or if I was to write this review. 
I did check his site and found this:
'Casa Borrega welcomes children of all ages during lunch and early dinner. However, we have found it is best not to bring children under the age of 13 after 7pm. Of course for private parties, inclusion of children is up to the customer.'
That said, it was an early dinner and I had asked before bringing our child into their restaurant.  I will never step foot into his restaurant again with or without my son.New favorite in town. Sit at the bar. Talk to the owners. Great ambience, great gypsy jazz. My wife is already dreaming about the chorizo & queso for next time.Stopped in for a drink because I was craving a Margarita. I've seen these ppl squeeze a ton of limes so I'm thinking this Margarita is going to be amazing and fresh. $12 for something that tasted like a water down sprite. I was disappointed to say the least.We were attracted to Casa Borrega by the eclectic vibe, but that is where it ends.  The service was, at best, indifferent.  The moment we sat down we told our waitress we were there to celebrate a birthday and she couldn't have cared less.  The margaritas were way overpriced and unremarkable.  The food was dry and lukewarm (tasted like two-day old leftovers that had been zapped in a microwave)  especially the fish in the fish tacos, not to mention the shrimp that was not grilled and appeared to be anything but fresh possibly from a can?!!!  The chips were stale. What a disappointing birthday lunch it turned out to be, a true downer.  If you want good, authentic Mexican fare go out to Kenner or visit Taqueria Corona or Juan's.Went on Cinco De Mayo. I had the ceviche and my friends had corn, empanadas and tacos. Great food fast and efficient service, great atmosphere.Worst service ever. Walked in and no greeting. Stood at bar to order take out,  waitress says she has to check with the kitchen- 5 minutes, 10 minutes and no attempt to check with kitchen, she went ahead and helped other customers ignorinng me completely. Another 10 minutes go by and she comes to bar, i told her i wanted to order a take out, again she says she needs to check with kitchen...again, no attempt only to come back after another 7 minutes to say, they cant because they are too busy. Wow...wow...never againOverpriced decent Mexican food. More of a touristy Mexican food spot. Food is good but you don't get what you pay for.The food is good, I would call it your typical tex mex, but the prices, the drinks, and the service are just outstanding.  They have a live latin jazz band in the corner which offers the opportunity to dance on some nights and the eclectic mix of Mexican wrestling memorabilia and day of the dead decor really makes you feel like your in Mexico.Casa Borrega has been such a great addition to Central City. The restaurant decor is probably my favorite of any establishment in New Orleans. The overall theme is Dia De Los Muertos more or less (e.g. an altar, lots of decorative skulls, and chandeliers). The food is a little pricey for what it is, but extremely authentic. They might have the best guacamole I've ever tried and the margaritas are on point.Great drinks, pretty great ceviche, and fast/attentive service! I got the house margarita made with their jalapeño infused tequila and it was phenomenal.Oh my, I'm so sorry to say that I didn't like the food at all.  I agree that it's great that it's a boost to Central City, but the food just wasn't good.  My mom and I had the chicken flautas (I had a potato one as well)...it was so dry and had no flavor.  It was served with rice and some cucumber/jimica (sp?) salad, neither of which were good.  Others at the table had the restaurant's version of fajitas which was beef, chicken and shrimp.  I didn't like that all the meats tasted like shrimp.  However, it was certainly edible. 
The atmosphere is lovely, but I like this type of décor.  One think I would suggest changing is the blaringly-bright neon beer sign over the bar.  It really messed with the ambiance of the restaurant.  We were there at night and this neon actually hurt my eyes.  
Greasy chips (that were not free), non-descript salsa and meh guacamole.
Oh well, I had very high hopes for this place.Let me just say this, the drinks, atmosphere & service are great!!!!
-Drinks: Cadillac Margarita is served in a nice, hefty goblet; use two hands to hold it, precious cargo inside.
-Atmosphere: Outdoor covered seating, rustic tables and chairs; the outdoor scenery catapults you to another area, you honesty feel like you're no longer in New Orleans on OCHaley Blvd.
-Service: Service was on-point with the complimentary water, order taking and giving recommendations as asked.
But the food is OVERPRICED, especially for the portion sizes.  
Great place for authentic Mexican Cuisine; but prices are outrageous.  
3 drinks, chips & salsa (that they charge you for) & 3 tacos on a plate = $75... what the what???????? 
If I am to return, it'll be on a full stomach as I will only be returning for the drinks.Love this place! The decor, the owners, the staff, the food, the cocktails - hey I actually want to live at Casa Borrega - if I could, I would. The food was tasty and just the right portion and the margaritas were divine!This review is purely about the service as the group I was with was basically told that we could not be accommodated and asked to leave.  
The group organizer spoke with the manager prior to our arrival and was assured that our large meet up group of 20-25 people would be doable.  It wasn't a problem for us that we would be scattered around in different groups as we just wanted to hear great music and partake of good food and drinks.  However, when we got there, it suddenly became a problem.  The manager was very rude and told us that it wasn't going to work.  We were told that we couldn't sit at the tables and we couldn't sit at the bar.  I understand it's a small place, but we would have been paying customers like anyone else.  
This was such a horrible experience that I'm not even interested in coming back on my own by myself or with a friend.  I'm not interested in spending my money where it's not wanted.  And it's a shame because I was really looking forward to it.Really cool vibe and decor when you walk in. Don't waste your time, however, with the food. Seriously overpriced and quality and taste not up to price point expectation. Even challenged owner on it, but he was a total unprofessional POS, sadly.  Stay away and support a real establishment.Casa Borrega is a blessing! The owners are very sweet and personable: they play with the Cuban band and dance with the customers.The atmosphere is so relaxed and laid back that it feels like being at a party with family and friends. Great music, great vibe, and great food - I recommend their tamales - they are legit! Also, great neighborhood that is being brought back to life! Cheers!