Most exciting place to open this year. Food was excellent (I wish they had a more reasonable steak option than a $50-$75 16 ounce).  Oysters and salad were great, ambience fantastic. Service was perfect. I was overwhelmed at how well thought out and designed everything was from the decor to the service and the menu.This restaurant was the best little surprise of our NOLA trip! We needed a reservation and found it on open table- loved the look of the restaurant so we booked it. Little did we know the ambiance was only the beginning of a wonderful experience! Our waitress was phenomenal & our food and drinks were our favorite of the trip. Can't go wrong here.BEST RESTAURANT IN THE CITY!
Authentic little food paradise in this beautiful southern home on Magazine St. 
Must try their oysters!!! Lovely selection of drinks, if unsure what to get ask the bartender their to make their specialty! 
We shared the whole fish for dinner (3 people) and the ribs and were beyond stuffed, everything was so delicious!! 
And to top of the dinner, we split a key lime pie! 
Just a perfect evening to a perfect week in New Orleans!!!Drinks were great. The star of the show was the octopus and chickpea salad. The octopus was cooked perfectly. Tender, juicy and full of flavor. The contrast of the crunchy fried chick peas with the octopus and veggies was a lovely surprise. Oysters on the half shell and fried oyster Caesar salad were both unexceptional. The steak was good, but not out of the ordinary good. Try the octopus. You won't be disappointed.Amazing, rich food. Beautiful restaurant. Great service. Some absolute favorites out of all the delicious items tried today: the fried oyster toast appetizer, fried crab claw appetizer (was an off menu selection, so perhaps not always available), and butter-baked shrimp and grits. Enjoy!A friend and I went to Cavan last night for first time. We both live in New Orleans and eat out often. I was really excited to get a last min reservation but the night quickly went down hill. The renovation was gorgeous but it was hot inside and no moving air. Our waiter was very difficult to understand and not friendly at all. Service was slow. Menu was strange but we decided to split the steak...a $55.00 steak. No bread came. Finally the steak arrived...cold. No salt and pepper on the table even. We had waited so long and at this point we were more than irritated. The waiter abruptly took the cold steak away to replace it with a hot meal and never apologized!! Before I could request the manager he appeared apologizing profusely saying he guessed the steak had waited too long to be picked up! He comped us a mediocre cracker runny pimento cheese appetizer that we gobbled we were so hungry at that point. A new steak arrived hot and very good but at that point we had already decided...we would never be back again. Manager also comped us a key lime cheesecake dessert which was good. Cavan better get its act together because in NOLA you can't survive charging what they charge and have even one off night. I've eaten about 50 times at Shaya, Le Petite and service and food is spot on every time.The restaurant is a beautiful old mansion that has been faithfully restored and has a lot of southern charm.
The bar scene here is abundant with two bars on two floors.  Great drinks and service.  Drink prices are higher than normal.
The menu is just ok.  The Boudin tater tot rolls were good, but the mustard sauce overwhelmed.  
Jerk fish entree was Mahi mahi.  It was flavorful but overly sweet.
Steak entree was full of flavor but again, very sweet from the house steak sauce.
Burger was good, but the fries were so salty we left them on the plate.
Service was excellent.  Kitchen was very slow.You can't review Cavan without first boasting the amazing customer service and ambiance of the restaurant.  Seriously the friendliest people in New Orleans work here.
And yes the food is amazing, the drinks are amazing and if we had desert I'm sure I would say it was amazing too.amazing food! best toasts and great service. I highly suggest the fried oyster and kale and white bean toast.My friend and I decided on a girls shopping day on Magazine Street and picked this for our brunch spot based on yelp reviews. We ended up waiting out a thunderstorm here and had a delicious two hour brunch. Highly recommend the carafe of sangria. It's not on the menu but if you ask, they'll do it for you. Food was delicious - kind of a modern take on traditional creole. Decor is amazing in this lovely converted old house. Highly recommended.First time visit to Cavan on Magazine St. The restaurant is located in an old style New Orleans home originally built in 1881. If those wonderfully high ceilings could only talk.
The attentive service provided by Mr. Didier enhanced the experience.  And what a dining experience it was. We took advantage of Cavan's Coolinary three course Menu, which provided a choice of appetizer or salad, entree, and desert. 
Every dish was uniquely wonderful. We had the She-Crab Soup, and the Market Salad (which included slices of fresh peach and fresh figs). For the second course we tried the sliced flank steak (cooked to perfection), and the Jerk Rubbed Fish (don't know who named the dish, but the fish, sauce and rice were all terrific.) And for dessert we had the Sweet Mint Mousse (light and refreshing), and the absolutely fantastic Key Lime Pie.
As I told Mr. Didier, this was the most delicious dining experience I've had in a long time.
Thanks.First visit to Cavan.  We made reservations and were seated promptly.  Beautiful house.  Food was delicious.  Deviled eggs - oyster toast and special fries out of the world. Entrees of buttered shrimp and fish selection were perfection.  Husband got the maple banana pudding-tasty but overpriced for portion.  Only negative was the solemn server Simone who for whatever reason was not very friendly.Cavan is a house-restaurant that has a history of being "haunted." Our entire wedding party of 20 ate here and everyone's food was way above par. Drinks were great, bartenders were friendly, and the waitstaff was knowledgeable about every menu item down to the individual ingredient. Loved it.Been here twice, excellent service, and great drinks. Cavan has an awesome environment, it is located in an old classic New Orleans style home. This is the place to go for scallops in my opinion!We went here for Coolinary and loved it. We were seated in the best seat in the house, right in the center of the first floor dining room with a view of the bar. I loved the French Quarter type feel inside with the very old chandelier, high ceilings and windows, and old pictures hanging on the walls. The 1800's mansion has a romantic feel about it but the place is a little loud. Curtains on the windows could help with that.  Service and food was fantastic. We ordered the gumbo and fritters for apps. I loved the gumbo...it had a thick and dark roux. The fritters were ok, I liked the dream fraishe sauce with it. The entrees were fried chicken sandwich and shrimp and grits. Fried chicken was amazing with that blue cheese aioli sauce. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, I was just ok with the curry grits. The dessert we both got the key lime pie which was very sour and good. There is a $15 wine pairing option and the first glass was a rose, second was a sparkling rose and last was a port called feist? Anyway, we were very happy with everything - ambience, service and meal. We will be back.Fantastic restaurant! We stopped by with no reservation and got one of the best meals ever. Awesome food, really friendly service, great drinks. Will come back any time.Kind of bewildered that the immaculate renovation done on this once-private residence still allows for such a casual and fun dining experience. On top of that, the quality of the staff is more than enough to overpower the biggest problem I generally have with eating uptown: the clientele. Service was astute, personable, warm, but most of all, fun. Although the entire experience was stellar, the staff -- from Shannon's warm greeting at the door, to Zach's top-notch service -- was the obvious highlight.
Chef Kristen's food is awesome, but this is no surprise, given how yummy everything is at Meauxbar. The surprising thing is the price points! You can get away here pretty cheap, especially considering the quality of the ingredients and also the prices of other restaurants in the area. Isaiah's wine list is packed with some great value wines that aren't easy to come by in other places. 
I could say a lot more, but I think I've hit the important points. Oh, Sean Zapotowski is REALLY hot, and he's my favorite bartender in the city. No joke. HOT. AND GOOD COCKTAILS. The end.We made reservations for today after having an amazing experience back in October. I'm not sure what happened between then and now but our experience today was terrible. The service was slow and our waiter was flat (to put it mildly). The menu options, which were already very limited were made even worse by the fact that they were out of the one appetizer we ordered as well as an entree. (This was relatively early in the afternoon). We were extremely disappointed in the entire experience. Cavan is a beautiful building but missed the mark by a mile when it came to the pillars of the restaurant business, service and food.We went for happy hour, which they are no longer doing, but I still had a 5-star experience, and can't wait to go back for a full meal.  Really well crafted cocktails from Janelle, our bartender.  She really knows her stuff!  We also had some hush puppies and fried oyster toast, both excellent.  All around great experience and a staff that is very welcoming and friendly.I'm going to have to echo Shannon S.'s review of 05/16/2016, having experienced that same watery, bland and tasteless gumbo, which I brought to the attention of both the server and the front of house manager, I actually, when asked to describe the problem said, "It's really bland water with a brown crayon dipped into it for color," but we're gonna get past that now because there is SO MUCH POSITIVE about this place. First: There were three of us, my son, Justin Chentnik, Executive Chef of ShredChef Catering Services, Denver, and Chief of Operations SASO Pepper Company, my wife his mother, and myself, Executive Chef, The Bondo at Ocean Isle Beach, seafood preparations for private clientele. That's our dining group. Our server was PATRICE, a friendly and pretty young lady who knew absolutely EVERYTHING about nearly every dish, totally pleasant, and with few exceptions on the ball, and I'm gonna recommend her without reservation, by name. Loved her. I'm on my lappy right now and don't have all of my photos, so I'll add those to this review in a few. CAVAN is in an old house on Magazine Street, in the NOLA Foodie area, as I like to call it, parking is abundant both in a lot they use at the bank/law office across the street after hours, and on the street itself. Easy peasy. In fact, this would be a great dinner destination if you were taking the street car from anywhere in the French Quarter, say...maybe JAX Brewery. Start there, have cocktails, jump on the street car out back by the riverside, make your way down to Magazine, and CAVAN is certainly a worthy destination. Among the dishes we had were some outstanding stuffed eggs, a super-fresh scallop crudo that was both beautiful and delicious, lots of other stuff seen in my photos. As a whole, this is a worthwhile stop for any serious foodie, just on the outskirts of NOLA, and Chef Thibodeaux brings his A-Game. Highly recommended.Wanted to love this place but just didn't. The service was SO SLOW - especially for a 2pm reservation. The food was fine, but not up to New Orleans standards. 
Would probably go back for dinner and give it a shot.One of the cooler places to go and grab dinner. Location and building is from the old plantation days and has been well kept. I would recommend getting their pork dish or chicken dish. Those out of all the ones we had were by far very delicious. Everything was so beautiful and that only reflected on their food and drinks. 
Their Beautiful and Dangerous was really good but then it had a weird bite at the end. Maybe it's cause I'm not a big rum fan but I didn't even finished half of it. 
Besides that overall really great food and experience.We came here for an early dinner. The hostess gave us a tour of both levels of the restaurant. We decided to sit at the downstair bar. Shaun the bartender was very entertaining with all the 3 couples at the bar. The hush puppies and the key lime pie are a must to order. What made our experience great was how personable Shaun was with us. We will definitely come back to see him again.I've enjoyed Cavan every time I've gone in.  From having a cocktail at one of the two bars, or food, each experience has been great.
I can be a bit of a picky eater and the Cavan Doublestack burger is one of my favorite burgers in the city.
The staff and servers are friendly without being overbearing, and it just feels like the atmosphere is one of family.
The chef has really elevated the food here and the place as a whole seems to be really hitting their stride.
If you haven't been to Cavan, go check it out.  If you had a bad experience early on, try it again.  I doubt you'll regret it.Outstanding!  This restaurant is absolutely wonderful. Located in a great spot on beautiful Magazine St, it's the perfect place for dinner or to simply enjoy a cocktail in their fun bar or outside on their beautiful patio. 
      My husband and I went for dinner and we were so excited about trying this new restaurant and we certainly weren't disappointed.  For starters we had the beef carpaccio; which I can easily say was the best I have ever had and the crab deviled eggs-also wonderful!  We also had the clam chowder-not a typical dish here in Nola but it was excellent nonetheless. For dinner we enjoyed the pork chop which was cooked to perfection-seriously-and the Bbq jerk shrimp which was packed with fresh delicious flavor. Everything about our meal here was top notch!
     After dinner, we ventured upstairs to a happening little bar scene and had fun visiting over an after dinner drink. They have a gorgeous patio in the front of the house right off of the street that is perfect for outside dining as well. This is such a fun place I can't wait to go back and sit outside!We went to Cavan with a group of 9 on a Saturday. Food was pretty good. The pork chop and quail were delicious. The scallops came out cold. One of the pork chops that my friend ordered was undercooked. We had server named Emma who  was really sweet and went out of her way to split the tab into 4 at the end of the meal. But, the biggest disappointment was how long it took for our meal. 8:00 reservation and we were served at 10:15 ish.Went with a group of 6 and got a really cool table upstairs....absolutely LOVED the atmosphere up there. Everything we had was delicious. Except when we got the bill, we realized the waiter did not tell us that they charged you for every soft drink. Really annoying, would have bought a real drink instead of diet cokes if we would have known we would end up spending $15 in non alcoholic beverages...My husband and I both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. We both would rate this restaurant a 4 1/2 but took off a half star for different reasons. Let's start with the good- we had the salmon poke tacos. Delicious!! Would get again. He had the pork chop. It was cooked perfectly with good flavor. I had the jerk fish. That was excellent also. We would both recommend both dishes. I took off a half-star bc I felt like the dishes were brought out a little too soon. I wanted to just sit and enjoy my cocktail but the tacos were brought out right after my cocktail was delivered. My husband took off a half-star bc he got the truffle fries in addition to his dinner and it was nothing but fry crumbs, good flavor; but fry crumbs nonetheless. Would def recommend this restaurant though. I'm excited to go back and try brunch.This is some of the best food and service I've had in 3 years in NOLA! What a breath of fresh inspired air! If you're into cocktails, try the "early check-in". It's a perfect example of curated ingredients coming together in perfect balance. We tried so many things on the menu and honestly everything was pretty great. The crab toast +++! The hush puppies were amazing! The ambiance was elegant without being stuffy!2nd time here and it did not disappoint the second time either. With Beautiful ambiance and the food bursting with flavor, you can't go wrong. I had the shrimp and grits and my friend the burger. Both delish. The staff is always friendly and beautiful.Really good food.  The first time i went it was a 5.  I sat at the bar and the food and value (happy hour menu) was outstanding.  I went back with my daughters and it was still great,  but not really as good as the first time.  The duck I had first time was outstanding, the duck I had 2nd time was not as good.  The girls loved it so much that one of them went back for New Year's Eve.  I will return.  Would love to frequent for happy hour if I didn't live in Metairie.  It's a bit of a drive from here.This is a small house that was converted into a restaurant. Because of this it is loudest place I've eaten at in a long time. I had the pork hop which was really good and my date had the grilled fish that was decent. This is the perfect little date spot minus the noise level; it was hard to hear the waitress or my date.Last night was my first experience with Cavan.  How good can a kale salad be?  Go to Cavan and find out!  Kale salad, Boudin tots, smothered pork chops, shrimp and grits, king cake doughnuts, etc, etc.  Every single item that I ate was spectacular and now it is difficult for me to choose between Cavan and Sylvain in terms of what my favorite "new restaurant" is.  I cannot wait until the next time I am able to eat there.  Add to the amazing food the fact that the staff was fun and friendly and I'm not sure that there are many restaurants that can rival the experience.I recently went here for dinner while in NOLA. I have nothing bad to say. The food was great. The service was good. I loved the fact that it's a converted mansion. They maintained a lot of the original decor. Definitely a good dining experience.The food was great. Service was great. My entree came late but they were very apologetic and gave me a free soup to make up for it. Really great staff and cool ambience. Highly recommend.Recommend this place highly.  It has a funky decor in an upscale uptown home.  Food and service was wonderful.  I also recreated the Annie Liebowitz photo of Angelina Jolie in the upstairs bathtub.  Didn't realize it was a thing!  Have the scallop tartar and whole dish entree and don't forget to take and post your own bathtub pic.  John Goodman did it!This restaurant is beautiful inside and the service is pleasant. I had previously joined friends for drinks at the upstairs bar and had a nice times However, upon returning there to eat...the food wasn't great. 
Here we go.
Jerk rubbed fish: way too salty. Almost inedible.
Raw Oysters: not served cold, not very appealing. (Also, I know it's not really oyster season? , so my bad for ordering that). 
Tuna and pasta dish: under seasoned, over cooked tuna fell flat.
Poke salmon tacos: yummy, nice size. 
Corn fritters: delicious.
I enjoyed the atmosphere and service was decent but the food needs improvement. Hoping for the best for this place as it is a beautiful setting.Really nice spot. Doesn't look like a restaurant at first, looks more like a typical regular house in the area. Nicely decorated inside, very unique concept and fancy style. Very good service, delicious food and great ambiance !I never review places but this is necessary. Beautiful historic home and great Bloody Mary. Terrible food. So disappointing. Could not eat brunch hanger steak because it was so over cooked, tough, and covered in a gross sauce. My friends poached eggs were literally raw and dissolved into the over sauced food. My other friends shrimp and grits was also very bad. In a bowl that looked like mush, slathered in sauce, and unpeeled or deveined shrimp. I really hope this place gets better because the atmosphere is wonderful and the wait staff is super accommodating (albeit a little slow). If someone forces you to eat brunch here get a pancake (they're great without the weird syrup) and a strong drink!Rich, tantalizingly, dreamy flavors with a fancy atmosphere in a beautiful, old restored plantation house on Magazine St. It would be 5 stars if the portions were a little bigger. Yum!I had a fantastic meal here about a month ago. Hush puppie appetizer was divine! Main course of Seared scallops perfectly done on a bed of jalapeño cheddar grits etc. So good I got the shivers! Even though it was July we ate supper outside and it was a great atmosphere. I have to say the staff was great! Very accommodating, professional and extremely pleasant! I am looking forward to returning.Beautiful space. Expertly decorated for the holidays. A nice quiet, romantic evening. We dined there while the Sugar Bowl was happening across town, so happy to be away from Bourbon St.!! Excellent service, excellent cocktails. A memorable night.Service, attitude and food quality.  All lacking.  Burger was over salted.  Hush puppies left an oil slick and the staff didn't care or perhaps worse, even knew how to care (minus the hostess, she was awesome).  Don't waste your time.  And I rarely review places.Interesting atmosphere however upstairs music was too loud. Bar crowd is right there by the seated diners and the later it gets the noisier and rowdier the crowd at the bar. The oysters were great and the whole fish very fresh (we had it grilled not fried).Food was great and so was service. The ambiance with the revival of old mansion was wonderful. Would definitely come back.Very good, good service and atmosphere. I'll be living here for only a short period so I try not to go to the same place twice. This will likely be an exception to that rule.Service was great, Emily was amazing. Food was spectacular across the board. Had the whole fish and the giardaneire on top was delic. Almost a 5-star except for my seat which was on top of an AC unit but come here for the service and the food. Won't disappoint.They food is amazing! The drinks amazing! Service- superb. The atmosphere is very well curated and relaxing. The only complaint I have is THE MUSIC IS AWEFUL!!!!!! I have come a few times and the music is always just bad! Blue Oyster Cult just doesn't really fit the vibe.I'll Beyonce of the bar room upstairs but we were seated blah, service was just OK. The food, not so great very bland had high expectations but was disappointedIncredible dinner with my family at Cavan to celebrate my younger sisters engagement. The mansion itself is beautiful and classically appointed, and it feels exactly like you want a fancy restaurant in New Orleans to feel. The menu changes frequently, as do the cocktails. We had a private dining room, which was amazingly special. Everything we ate was sumptuous and fabulous, and the service was top notch. I followed a recommendation and went with the she-crab soup to start and the NY strip, which was perfectly prepared with green tomato chimichurri, lyonnaise potatoes, and blue cheese. I thought I was too full for dessert, but man alive was I wrong, because the carrot cake was killer delicious. I would have loved a more extensive beer list but between the cocktails and the wine we were just dandy. Amazing time, thanks for a great night!Had brunch here yesterday & it was fantastic!! Fun drink menu & everything we ordered was great!! Not one person complained. Will be back!!!Highly recommend the turtle carbonara!! One of the best things I've ever eaten. Went to New Orleans for my birthday. Had never been there before and searched the internet for a place to celebrate. So absolutely thrilled I chose this place! Amazing setting, service, and food. Wine selection was great, loved the Sangiovese I ordered. Raw oyster appetizer, duck breast, and pumpkin spice jerk fish all excellent!! Seriously one of the best dining experiences I've ever had and made for a very memorable birthday.I thoroughly enjoyed our luncheon experience. Great service, cute waiters, wonderful brioche filled blackened magi magi sandwich topped with coleslaw and a side of waffle fries to die for. Attentive and helpful service. A repeat visit for dinner will be imperative. Beautiful 108-old mansion built by Irish immigrant tycoon in New Orleans.Amazing atmosphere! Food was very good and staff members were friendly. We walked the whole space and loved it. Especially enjoyed Linden, the bartender.Went here with the other night and I love how this was a house. Drinks were very good. The upstairs bar is cooler atmosphere then downstairs. The service was the only thing I have to complain about. We waited for almost 20 min before getting drinks & almost 2 hours for our main course. :/
Order the salmon cured toast!! And the pork chop was delicious!!!After walking up and down Magazine Street on a humid summer day, this is the best possible lunch spot we could've stumbled upon! We were greeted even before walking in, seated in the gorgeous historic dining room near one of the many windows, and served the best meal and drinks the Garden District has to offer. Specialty cocktails were excellent, and shrimp and grits were the BEST EVER. We finished off with pineapple upside-down cake, which was perfectly sweet and moist. What a gem!This is such a wonderful place. We went on a Friday at Brunch time. Had a wonderful cocktail, then appetizer of lettuce taco shrimp. It was delicious! Shrimp were cooked perfectly. Ordered the double meat burger. This was absolutely the best burger I have ever eaten! It was juicy, very tasty, cooked perfect. I came from Baton Rouge, and would definitely drive there again for the burger itself! I can't wait to go again and try the other foods!Cavan is located in a beautiful historic New Orleans home, and it seems as if most of the interior decor stayed intact. It's really a very charming place. There was a big age range of diners, which I thought was nice, but it seemed like most were under 35 years. 
Food was amazing. I've been to a couple restaurants that have opened within the past year, and Cavan was certainly the best (food and ambiance wise). We ordered:
Scallop Tartare: Amazing, unexpected flavors. The scallops melted in your math and the sweet potato flakes were the perfect edition on top. 
Bbq jerk shrimp: Great flavors and the mango rice was the perfect complement. Seriously amazing. 
Both the crab toast and oyster Caesar were great, but I thought the dishes above were standouts. The staff was great and attentive. Overall, super happy cannot wait to come back.A brilliant meal that satisfied my cravings for delicious fried chicken and collard greens. The meal was made more special because we arrived close to closing and still received friendly and gracious service. We even took a tour of the mansion to see the creative use of space that turned it into a restaurant.Excellent!
Best place for breakfast on Magazine St.
Poutine and Shrimp and Grits to start A++++  Amazing!
You will be tempted to get the Croque Madame, which is delicious...but go with the Fried Gulf Oyster Sandwich...it is out of this world.
Cocktails are excellent, try the Espresso Milk Punch...Also the chicory root coffee.  
Finish with the key lime pie. 
Bravo!I sometimes like to go a few times to a restaurant to get the total feel. I've been twice for brunch and twice for dinner. All four times have been highly enjoyable. Great friendly staff, beautiful dining area, inventive and tasty food. A welcome addition to my restaurant rotation!Dined tonight with my sister in this beautiful house on Magazine St. The wine offerings by the glass were pretty limited (not a Chardonnay on the list) so we opted for cocktails. We started with the deviled eggs. They were very good, however I really could not taste the crabmeat. The Oyster Toast was very yummy and I would order this dish again. I think the scallops were the best of all!  Sweet and succulent, and perfectly complimented by the cheese grits and corn. Good thing we saved room for dessert. Loved the Popsicle. Frozen Mexican chocolate goodness!  It alone is worth a return visit!  My only complaint is the noise level. There was nothing to absorb the noise in the main dining room and the loud birthday party next to us made conversation difficult. Hate to say it, but the noise level tainted an otherwise fabulous dining experience.Being in an old New Orleans mansion, Cavan has a wonderful southern charm. The upstairs bar is a great place to get a drink before your reservationThis place was one of the best I've had in New Orleans!!! Food and service was amazing!!! Sarah was our server and she was above and beyond the best!!! My boyfriend and I highly recommend Cavan.The only reason that they got 3 stars instead of 2 is because the service that I received was 5 star.
Went here for dinner with my fiancee this past Friday and since we arrived early we went upstairs to the bar.  I ended up having a Kentucky Mule which was phenomenal.  The bartender informed me that they make their own Mule mix.
Our reservation time came and went and after 10 minutes I asked the host if she any info on our table.  She said they were running a little late and asked if she could buy us an appetizer to apologize for the wait.  She ended up bringing us out the hush puppies that were very good.  Unfortunately they are made along side the oysters and my fiancee is allergic to shellfish.  The host was extremely nice about this and brought out another appetizer which was also very good.
Then after another 5 minutes or so the hostess came back over and asked us if she could buy us a glass of wine.  It was extremely over the top and unnecessary but we of course did not turn these down!
When it came time for dinner we both got the duck and we were very very disappointed!  It was extremely bland and the accompaniment of green and squash didn't do anything to add any flavor to the dish.
As we were leaving a lady asked us what we had cause it looked good. We told her and gave her our thoughts and she responded telling us her pork chop was bland as well.We went here after getting a great referral from one of my employees. Have to say we were very disappointed in the food. Small selection with no taste. Had the fried chicken which tasted like cardboard. We just spent an hour I can't get back. 
If someone tells you to come to this restaurant, go for drinks not the food.Amazing food... Fantastic service. Sat at the bar upstairs and Dieter helped us choose several dishes. The sunflower seed risotto was unbelievable. My new favorite place... For food or some great cocktails.First off, what a wonderfully renovated space. We love our old homes and architecture here in New Orleans, and they did a great job at converting it for dining. 
I went on a Tuesday night, sat down right at the bar. Bartender was very sweet and friendly, and knowledgeable. I went off her recommendations all night and was never disappointed. 
First had a small portion of the peel 'n' eat shrimp, which was very good. 7-8 MASSIVE and succulent shrimp with the right amount of seasoning and a tasty cocktail sauce too. Comes with a free hot towel for your hands! 
Then had the gumbo, which I liked because it was done with a lighter roux, which is traditional for where the chef is from in Louisiana. Nice change from the usual dark roux gumbo in Nola. 
I then ordered the burger, I was just craving some red meat. Ordered medium-rare and came out cooked PERFECTLY. This patty is also an inch thick, after cooking! Great sear on the outside and juicy and pink on the inside. 
Had the key lime pie for dessert, but be sure to ask your server about all of the desserts. They all sound fantastic. 
Overall, great experience. Very nice renovation, attentive staff. And Renea is a superb bartender! Would recommend.Best meal we had the whole weekend! Totally worth the trip to magazine street / Uptown. You MUST order the Salmon Poke tacos. Seriously THE BEST TACOS IVE EVER HAD! Comes with 3 and could be a full meal! 
We had the tacos to share ( 2 girls) and then split the flank steak. AMAZING. The steak is perfectly cooked and comes with pieces of watermelon on the side. So interesting and so delicious!! 
Not to mention the restaurant is the cutest old house with pink velvet chairs and wooden tables. The perfect vibe for small groups or date night! And the service is outstanding!!I wanted to love it....roast tomato toast was just so-so. My friend had her martini made twice and  it was still mediocre. Whole fish also just so-so. Might have to try it again with some guaranteed suggestions.What a lovely cocktail bar and restaurant. The craft cocktail menu is great and staff are knowledgable.Awesome ambiance. Amazing food. Great cocktails. 
Really an all around fantastic experience at Cavan. We started with the boudin tater tots and the corn fritters. Both were perfectly fried and the honey butter served with the fritters was other worldly. Had the pecan crusted scallops for the entree and the misses had the roasted root vegetables and the sweet potato dinner rolls (not a lot of vegetarian options on regular menu). Everything was top notch and capped it off with a couple old fashioned's. Just a very solid meal, highly recommend!BEST Tuna Carpaccio you will ever find! 3rd time in New Orleans and with all the restaurants here we keep going to Cavan. Besides the tuna being highly addictive, we also had the shrimp and grits- amazing, hush puppies- sweet but delicious, and all the cocktails I've tried were also the best I've come across so far in New Orleans. Loved the Daiquiri and the cucumber vodka cocktail. The only negative is that they aren't open for lunch. Highly recommend!!Took 30 min to get a cocktail, glass of rose and two lemonades. Not kid friendly, which is not an issue - just FYI. Ordered apps before we received our drinks and they never arrived. Vegetable Crudités and Salmon poke tacos, non cooked appetizers that were slower than the 45 min we had in us to wait. We called it quits after an hour of being abused and ignored.  Not apologetic, not aware, not going back.  Too many options in town to have to put up with this...This is a reasonably new place on Magazine street uptown and it seems not on the tourist radar yet, its a very cool place, actually a renovated home and the interior is done in a very interesting way. We had a great meal here and I got a chance to sample a couple of the entree's. They also have some great starters (do not miss the oyster toast). It's not an inexpensive place, and I am not so sure about the description as a gastro pub, its far from a pub, but the service was terrific and the food great and its a very nice dining experience.I had a wonderful meal at this place in New Orleans. It was in a very old but remodeled house on Magazine St. 
Yes it was pricey-but...hey I wan't paying so...
3 1/2 (3 adults and one child) of us started with the 
CRAB & AVOCADO Toast
butter beans, arugula, orange $13
-really nice although the flavor of the Brie pretty much overpowered the Crab. 
and
CHILLED WHITE BEAN $8
grilled kale & walnut pesto
I'm not a kale aficionado so I put that aside.
For an entree I had:
SEARED SCALLOPS - jalapeño-white cheddar grits, sweet corn, crab, arugula 
$28.5
I'm not a huge lover of grits so I give it less than 5 stars for that but otherwise really nice-very tender and flavorful scallops.
The other diners had:
BUTTER-BAKED GULF SHRIMP - beer, rosemary, lemon, grilled bread $21.5
and
GRILLED DUCK BREAST
puffed pastry, citrus-cane gastrique,
bacon-creamed greens 25
The duck was a bit to rare for me to try but the Gulf Shrimps were great. 
The kid had the...sigh...
BURGER - tomato marmalade,
house pickles, white cheddar 15.5 
But for a pretty much being your regulation burger it was really good. 
We had a bottle of wine but I can't recall what it was other than that it was red-sorry.
Being that it was the child's 5th birthday we had ice cream at another joint called Sucrè which was a bit better than your normal ice cream/sorbet.Enjoyed Cavan quite a bit.  The service was outstanding and the snapper was amazing.  Can't wait to come back again.  Even got a rare French beer and some lagniappe from the staff.This is an uptown gem. I have dined here three times and the service is great, the ambiance is magical, and the food is impeccable. Their creative take on southern and classic dishes like risotto, which they make with sunflowers?!), satsuma bbq shrimp, sweet potato dinner rolls, and corn pana cotta, is whimsical and well executed. Cavan is absolutely what New Orleans cuisine should strive to be.  When we had a party of four, they split up the chowder entree into 4 different bowls for us, which again indicated great service. The margaritas very good, and they offer a huge selection of wines both by the bottle AND by the glass! Overall, I would say this restaurant competes with Carrollton Market and in terms of freshness, seasonality, originality, and service!My wife has been wanting to go here for sometime now not that I've been resisting it's just there are sooo many great restaurants in this town; went last night for my birthday WOW!  
The jerked rubbed fish (black drum) was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had in New Orleans.  It was spiced nicely with just enough heat to burn but not so much that it obscured the flavor of the fish.  The fish was perfectly cooked, flakey yet moist and the mango corn salsa on top balanced the heat wonderfully.
Her flank steak was a exceptional (a little to rare for my taste but perfect for her) very nicely chard on the outside but incredibly tender, almost buttery on the inside....and the salad that came with it on the plate was superior, I stole several bites (it was my birthday)
Drinks were very nice but the food was exceptional and service excellentWas in New Orleans for a quick overnight trip and checked this place out. WOW. In an old mansion on Magazine street, the atmosphere was incredible. We ordered the Catfish Hoppin' John for an appetizer. I'm not big on catfish, but I never would have known it was catfish if the menu hadn't told me so. The fish was DIVINE - firm and tender on the inside, not mushy, the breading had just the right amount of crunch to it. For dinner I had clam chowder (not like a normal really thick chowder, but very tasty) and a smoked salmon salad. The salad is not mixed. It's a beautiful pile of pea shoots with sliced cucumber and a quite large filet of smoked salmon next to it. The incredible dill yogurt dressing also on the same plate - but all in it's own location and not mixed together. It was absolutely incredible. This isn't a cheap night out, a bit pricey, but well worth it.Located in an old house in a neat neighborhood. Menu is small but varied and easy to find something. I had trouble deciding between shrimp and grits and two other meals. The gumbo was also a real treat. Food was delicious. Service was one step below excellent. Our server was attentive but didn't follow through on requests (extra napkins, more water). However, there were enough service help that I got the napkin and water with no trouble.We had a great brunch here. We ordered the Croque Madame and the fried oyster salad. Both were delicious! Our served was very nice. It's a charming setting in a restored house on Magazine. We will be back for dinner!Cavan dangerously borders the hipster kill zone-- I refer to it as the "tragically hip", where it's just too self-consciously cool to be enjoyed without worrying if you should be doing so ironically, or something.
But then at the end of the day, the food is amazing and the staff is fantastic and the building is beautiful and there's really nothing to be mad about. Liz and Sam treated us exceptionally well, as did the hostess who graciously took a group photo of us as we left the restaurant at the end of the night.
The main dining room is a former living room/den, so it is a bit small. It got very noisy as the hour got later, so I'd keep that in mind when booking your dinner. 
Highlight of the meal was definitely the grilled fish of the day. Might have been an amberjack? Regardless, it was positively delicious. The sashimi dish was also divine, as was the banana split ice cream. Lord yes.Exceptional service and great food. Only complaint is limited menu but that's because I feel that they own 4 other restaurants. The atmosphere is worth it alone.It's been a month and I am still raving about the food I had at cavan. I went for dinner and was blown away by the ingredients and delivery of every single menu item we got. We had the salmon toast (which was great) and the crawfish bread (which I fell in love with and need more of desperately). Also had the oyster bib salad (on which the fried oysters were the best I've ever had) and finished with their strawberry pound cake which was savory and amazing (had cheese and thyme). I wanted to go back for breakfast the next day. Also ambiance was great and the manager and staff were so sweet and welcoming. One of my favorite meals of all time.This is a beautiful restraunt located on Magazine Street. The inside is beyond gorgeous and the staff was very accommodating and friendly. The food was really good, although I would order something different next time I go. Definitely a place I would return to as it exudes charm and sophistication.Wanted to give more, but just could not. Food was tasteless and not up to par with the great restaurants in New Orleans. Hats off to Tomas our waiter who saved the day, excellent service, and of course in a cool old house. Food, please improve!This is a beautiful space and very good location for a special super. This location has a beautiful atmosphere and menu. I really liked the shrimp appetizer and the fish special was great.Walked over to Cavan for some cocktails and had a few appetizers. I was greeted immediately by a warm and helpful manager who set me up with a table on the porch. They passed in flying colors on the three most important elements Ambiance check, food check and service check. Will be back soon for more deviled eggs.What an amazing restaurant! The service was excellent. The food was exquisite. If you are visiting Nola, get out of the tourist trap of the quarter and dine here.
We had a business dinner party of 8, and everyone loved it. From the apps to the desserts, everything was great.We stopped in here for lunch during our visit to the lower Garden District.  After passing up several eateries we decided on Cavan based on the menu.  I had a chicken salad sandwich that had just the right amount of spicy kick to it.  Husband had the BLT/fried oyster salad and is still talking about it.  We always eat at the bar, if we can, and our server was excellent.After church, I used Open Table to find a restaurant that was not in the French Quarters (tried to avoid Essence Fest crowds at all cost) and had seating available for me and my daughter at 1pm (highly recommend making reservations). Cavan fit the bill.
We went here not knowing what to expect.  I usually read reviews and look at the menu before I go to a new restaurant, but not this time.  I was pleasantly surprised!  The restaurant is an old restored mansion that is absolutely beautiful.  The dining room was small and cozy.  The ambience was relaxed with a flair of sophistication.
Although I thought the brunch menu was a bit limited, we both found something to try.  We started out with the corn fritters.  They were little balls of delight!  If I were not on carb control, I would have ordered more.  I had the Gulf Fish sandwich with home fries.  The fish was grilled perfectly!
The staff, including the host and our server Sarah, was extremely friendly and patient.  Overall it was a cool experience and I would come back.Wonderful experience. Service was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. My scallops were perfectly cooked and my wife thoroughly enjoyed her grilled swordfish. The ambiance really sets this place apart. The tables and bars are situated in different rooms all throughout the old mansion, tempting you to go exploring before you are seated at your table.What an awesome brunch experience! Our party of 9 was seated privately at a circular table in a separate room. Our original reservation included a few more, and the hosts were incredibly understanding and accommodating about alterations to our reservation. The espresso milk punch was delicious - a friend and I had 3 each - and others enjoyed their mimosas. Our table shared and fawned over 2 orders of hush puppies, which came dressed with honey and a side of whipped lard. For entrees, I thoroughly enjoyed my shrimp and grits, some raved over the Croquet Madame, and others had the oatmeal with seasonal fruit, poutine, and roasted tomato toast. For dessert, we split orders of French toast - made from Hawaiian bread, one with seasonal fruit and the other with a chocolate orange sauce. A special request was made for French toast for one of our birthday girls, and the chef was more than accommodating. 
Overall, our large party was more than well served. Our food was delicious, we threw back our drinks, and we collectively agreed we'd all be back.Amazing restaurant. Have been here twice with different chefs, most recently went this past Saturday and it was perfect. Beautiful mansion, great atmosphere and top notch service.  You can't go wrong with any dish here.Beautiful ambiance in a historic mansion, and amazing food. We had the fish of the day (red snapper). It was perfectly cooked, with wonderfully charred skin and an amazing salsa verde. Service was attentive and knowledgeable. The only hiccup is that the bottle of Pinot noir we ordered could have been served cellar cool, but was room temperature. Other than that, everything we had was excellent.I'm a bit torn in between rating this a 3 and a 4, overall - the food is delicious, the ambiance and restaurant itself is beautiful. There was a fairly large group and we had gotten reservations in advance, however it took about 30 minutes to get our entire party settled down and then some additional time as we waited for a nearby table to finish up. The second thing I noticed was how long it took to get the dishes out to us after appetizers - the food was delicious and so the wait was definitely a bummer. 
Service, the actual restaurant, and food were pretty awesome though. Some of my favorites were definitely the asparagus, the scallops, shrimp and grits, and the hushpuppies. There is absolutely no doubt that the food here is delicious so I shall leave this restaurant with 4 stars.Amazing food, even better service. Feels like a very expensive restaurant but we had 4 ladies and spent $75 each and had plenty of food and wine. I will come back next time I'm in town for sure!!Sat outside and it was a beautiful night to people watch and eat wonderful food. The restaurant itself is precious, a little old shot gun house. I want to go back so I can sit inside! The food was delicious, I got the gumbo and it was a little upgrade from my Mawmaw's gumbo and it was great. I can't wait to go back to Cavan.Food was delicious, service was good! I would definitely recommend the salmon tacos and double stack burger!!Cavan was my very first New Orleans dining experience. Cavan is in a lovely home created in to a restaurant. The decor is beautiful, classy, and quaint. We dined on Hushpuppies w/whipped lardo & spiced honey.  Fried Oysters w/kimchee, ginger remoulade. Butter-Baked Gulf Shrimp w/beer, rosemary, lemon, grilled bread.  Grilled Duck Breast w/smoked butternut squash, frisée, pecans, bleu cheese, amarena cheeries. State Fair Brownie w/rice krispy brûlée, buttered popcorn ice cream. To include gin and champagne cocktails. Everything was pretty delish (especially the hush puppies) and satisfying. I only wished the brownie was warm but the ice cream and rice krispy made up for it. Service was great on a calm Wednesday evening.Beautiful location.Fantastic service. We sat in the upstairs parlor. Ate the hush puppies, deviled eggs, fries with aioli, fried oyster toast, roasted tomato toast, and gumbo. All of it was delicious. Food on the table so fast. Ask for Sam, Mandell, or Matt as your servers. They were very attentive. I have found my new neighborhood spot.Pretentious, unhip setting. Uneven service and please take that awful clam chowder off of the menu. I saw you had clam chowder on the menu and that is why I made reservations. It s difficult to find clam chowder in New Orleans. Awful, thick, glutenous sticky, clamless flavor with super fat potatoes. Don't bother. Appetizer, bruchetta with crab sounded delicious, but little crab. If you want to find lump crab on an app, check out High Hat.The staff was helpful with drink selections and food recommendations. The drinks were strong enough to keep the conversation flowing. I had the Mac and cheese with duck, it was so good. It's open late so makes it very easy to get something to eat without having to eat fast food. I would visit again for a relaxing dinner and drink with close friends.Best new restaurant in town! Wonderful staff and fantastic food and cocktails are to die for!Visited this restaurant when I was in town for a convention... A colleague and I made reservations for dinner at 7:30.  The place is absolutely beautiful and truly sets the mood for a lovely evening. We started with a house cocktail that supposedly contained vodka which neither of us felt did so we ask the waitress if she will just bring us a shot of vodka to add to our drink... She never brought it even though we asked her about it and we weren't quite sure why but we just moved on from there. We ordered a few things from the menu including oysters which were absolutely delicious, the crawfish Bolognese which was good but not great, and the fishmonger stew, which was satisfactory as well. 
The waitress recommended a bottle of wine to go with our dinner which was perfect and the waitress was actually quite charming and very engaging... She made the meal that wasn't that good much better because of her service and her engaging personality. 
We ended with one of the desserts that neither one of us really loved but overall had a great evening... The atmosphere of the mansion along with the engaging staff and a few good tidbits of food and wine truly did make this place I would recommend.Beautiful ambiance! Great cocktail selection . Upscale without feeling pretentious. I had the Boudin tots and the Cavan doublestack. I felt a little like I was copping out by getting a burger at a restaurant with such a unique menu, but that was such a great burger and now, I regret nothing! I would love to go back for brunch. Service was quick, prices were reasonable.First time here and will come back. We had the Antipasto for appetizer which was really good and great for sharing. I had the Double stack burger, tasty. We also ordered the Jerked Spice Fish and Fried Chicken with rice. Both were good. The spicy Margarita was really really good but the Helen Row was bland. I would dine here again. Not every item that is listed on the website is offered and some of the dishes on the live menu were not listed online. The wait staff was attentive and plesant. Our waitress, Melanie, took great care of us. The mansion is beautiful which only adds to the cool ambience. While the dishes are a little on the pricier side, we did not find it outrageous.  We would dine here again.I love this place. The decor is perfection and the food I have had was really good. My husband wasn't as into as I was but I thought it was wonderful. Oysters are a little pricey so steer clear IMOMy husband and I went here on a Thursday night and were pleasantly surprised!  The atmosphere/ambience is top notch!  At first you miss the place, bc it looks like a big house..which it is! We came for happy hour and ordered a sazarac and martini with the hushpuppies and oyster cocktail.  Everything was delightful! The hushpuppies were crispy and tasty and the oysters were velvety and the homeade cocktail sauce was so good! Drinks were well made too.  We also got the gumbo of day, which was chicken...the roux was perfect!  The flavors rich but not heavy.  One of the best we've had in a restaurant...even among the $$$!  I got the catfish small plate...it had lightly fried catfish fingers (very flaky meat and melted in your mouth) on a bed of field pea salad with bacon and green onions.  That was delish! Would definitely recommend!!  We ended with the layer cake of the day...honey cake with smoked cream cheese and plum (i believe) chutney of sorts (I can't remember specifically).  It surprised us how good it was! Sweet, but we split the piece and were very satisfied.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  We would go here again! 
They have an upstairs dining room and bar, which would be a great space for a party!Such a beautiful experience all around. First time at Cavan and we had the crawfish beignets, strawberry apple salad, jerk fish, and key lime pie. Everything was divine. Our server Sarah was so pleasant and so attentive. There's wasn't a moment where I was looking for her or needed anything. She anticipated our every move and it was great! We will definitely be returning. Thank you so much for the lovely morning. It was much needed.Well versed waitress named Sarah took excellent care of us as we sat outside a decrepit historical building. The boudin ball tator tots with creole mustard and corn fritters kicked off the meal. We enjoyed the appetizers. After a long wait, we received our meals: the coconut Bbq shrimp and grits were rich and oily but tasty.Ate at Cavan tonight, and it was amazing! Wonderful staff, and Sarah was great.  Had the flank steak, and the scallops, and they were superbly prepared.  Fabulous fries with truffle oil and cheese.  Great panacotta for dessert.  All in all a 5 star experience.Came for a fancy bachelorette party dinner. This place is delicious! Everything has so much flavor! Staff was great, informative and fun!Cool environment, hence the 2 stars. But food and drinks...not worth the $$$$. Stopped in for a an afternoon cocktail and some apps and was not impressed. After a few flimsy, old tasting oysters and tater tot mustard that tasted like garden soil, the bill was just shy of a $60 tab. Would give more stars if the price point was substantially lower..to meet the food.Went for brunch on Saturday - the building looks like it was an old New Orleans house, which was cool. We started with various cocktails, the brandy milk punch was spot on with an espresso twist. Our group of four all ordered different entrees and all were great. Will go back to!Some of the best food I've had in New Orleans, but the service was lacking. We had been seated for 45 minutes before someone took our drink orders, rest of the service followed suit. Although would go back based on strength of food and great atmosphere.great cocktails.  apps were good. entrees werent bad but werent the best. little bland on flavors.  wait time on saturdays are long. get a reservation before coming on weekends.If I could give this zero stars, I would. Highly overrated, bad, unsatisfying food. We sat there for 2 hours waiting for our food. The server was just one person in a full dining area. She could not describe any of the items on menu. Boudin Tater tots was basically fried frozen hash browns. Shrimp and grits arrived with tails and shells on and a tasteless milky grits. Yuck! The steak was just a few pieces of average steak with skinny fries. They were out of pork chop at 6.30 pm , so patty melt was ordered which was over sized and tasteless. The fish dishes were unimaginative. The sever had an attitude and never checked on us. When it was close to 2 hour mark, and still no signs of our food, we asked the server how much longer. The manager came to our table and asked what is the problem. No apologies. We walked out after a very average meal, with poor service and still hungry. Don't waste your timeWhat a great escape from the usual trappings of the Quarter! Venturing out to the Garden District on Magazine St. was certainly worth the short cab ride. Cavan is a Charming French Colonial 2 story house with a simple but elegant layout & style. The straightforward menu was filled with choices too difficult to make so we relied on Linden & Isaiah who made perfect selections. Perfect execution on all fronts. Looking forward to returning!Great spot for cocktails and Cajun inspired dishes. The ambience is wonderful in a former Magazine Street home.  Try the flank steak and boudin tots.  Definitely a staple on NOLA visitsEverything about this place is beautiful. 
Historic mansion. 
Simple classic cocktails. 
Delicious costal seafood. 
Holy shit clam chowder. I didn't think I liked clam chowder... I was a different person then. 
Tomato Toast, boiled shrimp, octopus salad, beef carpaccio, Jerk shrimp, Fudgesicle...One word: overpriced. When we first walked in the hostess was very personable and nice.  There also was amazing ambiance, fries, and greens. That's it!  Everything else was mediocre. 
The porkchop and steak had no flavoring (I didn't care for the steak the fries were the  best part) The only reason we finished the meal was so that we could get our money's worth... which was impossible since we paid so much. 
What our waiter said was in the Fishmonger Stew was not and there were potatoes in it which was not told to us and the person who ordered it had dietary restrictions and could not finish her meal.
The wait for the food was very long.First time here. Very cute boutique restaurant. We had the fried chicken, which was half a chicken with greens and the seared tuna with egg salad. We shared the French fries as an appetizer and carrot cake for dessert. Everything was seasoned perfectly, not one negative thing to say.I've been here twice. Once for happy hour & apps, where a friend and I sat at the bar. The drinks were really good, the bartender was friendly, and the appetizers were pretty good. 
Because of that good experience, I made a reservation for brunch.. my in-laws were in town and we wanted to take them somewhere nice. There was a bunch of minor things that went wrong at brunch. I checked their menu ahead of time because my father-in-law has celiac, and there was a few gluten-free items on the menu online. But the menu we got at brunch was different and their wasn't much for him to choose from. No problem, they just might have updated their online menu yet. The entire meal was slightly chaotic. Our servers switched after drink and oysters order. Some of our party very clearly ordered appetizers (the scrambled egg toast, the market salad) as their meals, but these were brought out with other appetizers. Other actual appetizer items didn't come out until a while after most of our main courses were served. Basically food was brought at random, without much reason. We had to ask for small things (hot sauce, water) multiple times. The biggest offender was that the brunch food was not that good. New Orleans has much better. I can easily forgive all the small things if the food is good, but it wasn't. I definitely wouldn't go back for brunch.
All in all, the happy hour/bar is great. Not so much actually dining there. Maybe dinner is better?Went there for my birthday brunch with my family. Loved the atmosphere! We got a private room to ourselves. The food was amazing!!!! Everything was just perfect. Highly recommend this place if you ever visit NOLA.Beautiful location and architecture.  Seafood and wine is delightful, worth a try if you want to get away from the bar sceneEverything was delicious. It's rare to get good fish and red meat at the same place. Sides were delicious. Accommodations for Paleo and food allergies appreciated. We enjoyed the staff's personalities. Convenient from Chimes Bed & Breakfast.I cannot praise Cavan enough. It is such a hidden gem with outstanding food and service. My date and I started with the oysters and the "pull and peel" shrimp and both were SO fresh and delicious. I then got the half roasted chicken - I did not know chicken could have so much flavor! Perfectly crispy skin and moist in middle. Service and drinks were exceptional, and the ambiance is incredible.
Great for date night or a night out with friends. 10/10 would come back again and again!!!Last Saturday, during jazz festival weekend, my girlfriend and I stumbled across this gem of a place! We ordered tomato crudo with citrus poached shrimp and whole fish (albeit we were hesitant ordering the whole fish but our waiter Tomas reassured us that he will help to debone it, and so he did!!!). Both dishes were a-mazing! Highly recommend whenever in NOLA.Fun hipster place. The place to be seen these days. Fun front porch to watch the Magazine Street scene. Food?  Not so much. The bread topped with tiny oysters or sliced mushroom: meh!  And $12!!!  Skip these. The three crab stuffed deviled eggs for $7: wait it is three half eggs!  Ok but way, way overpriced. Shrimp with stale Hawaiian bread:  skip it. $17 burger with one slice of bacon: ok but $17. 
Drinks:  huge specialty drink menu- see hipster comment above. Wine list: weak and overpriced. No corkage fee if you bring your own:  see comment on porch sitting above. 
Wait! One bright spot: great key lime pie!
So the bottom line:  bring a bottle of your favorite wine, order as little food as possible, top it off with that pie and enjoy the front porch and saying Hi! to all of your hipster friends.Great brunch spot. It is a must go. The service, the food and the atmosphere are all just amazing. We will be back.Wonderful restaurant for authentic New Orleans experience in the Garden District! Very welcoming staff, lovely building, & tasty menu, with a ghost story, or two, to pique your interest. Can't wait to return!As a frequent diner in New Orleans, with a lot of choices, Cavan is our favorite place by far. The wait staff is extremely accommodating (Sara H. is amazing), the food is exceptional, a broad array of unique specialty cocktails--what more is there?  And oh--Happy hour starts at 5. 
Try the jumbo shrimp wrap appetizer for 2. The hanger steak with fries and Chinese chicken dish are more than ample. Save room for the peanut butter bar dessert--at least enough for 2!  The Brixton cold brew is refreshing. 
All in all a special neighborhood gem. Don't miss it!After being excited for this to vine to our neighborhood and waiting with anticipation, imagine my disappointment when we and another couple dined there and got the most uninspired service and worse uninspired boring under seasoned food ! I am so not going back as it was all round a very mediocre experience. If New Orleans didn't have a GREAT restaurant in every corner maybe but why settle for ho hum when there are so many more good options? Also
It's pricey for a restaurant billing itself as a neighborhood spot. Lilette is much better as is La petite grocery, Shaya or any number of great spots in our neighborhood.Food was average at best. We had a variety of food and other than the jerk fish (which was very good) it was all average and the corn bread was awful
Very cool setting and worth going to once but don't expect a lot on the menu.I could eat their Roasted Tomato Toast as a full time job!!!! Had a great Fathers Day brunch experience, and are looking forward to Happy Hour/dinner experience.** Updated**. Service, attitude and food quality.  All lacking.  Burger was over salted.  Hush puppies left an oil slick and the staff didn't care or perhaps worse, even knew how to care (minus the hostess, she was awesome).  Don't waste your time.  And I rarely review places.
And now the new story.   We were looking for a late bite on Sunday night and decided to give it another shot.  The manager greeted us and let us know it was no problem to come in.  The food was excellent and paired great with a wine, and we had a great bartender (who doubled as server that night) 
The venue itself if very cool, so make it a point to dine here if not just for that.  
Glad it's back on the neighborhood rotation!!This place was fantastic. Our dinner date here was thousands of times better than our dinner at Muriel's. Low lit, low key, amazing music, friendly but not intruding staff, they didn't have to ask who ordered what, the champagne was FANTASTIC, the waitress gave us great reccomendations for watering holes, the food was slightly better than what i was expecting, and we were both over the moon. We felt like we were in someone's home with the lovely decor and overall personality of the place. The only out of place thing here is the fact that it's a restaurant! I would give this place a 5 star on the service and atmosphere with sub par food, but the way everything was presented and the service that came with it, I would give more if possible!We visited this restaurant on a recommendation and we were not disappointed. The food was great. I had the burger and truffle fries (which were AMAZING) and my fiancé had the crispy chicken and everything was delicious. We enjoyed our dinner very much but the main dinning room can be quite loud when it has more than a few people in it. The space is cool but we felt a little out of place with the crowd.yes yes yes yes....a must try to go place when you are in town... i had sooo much fun here...and the champagnes yess yess yessBest meal we had while in town visiting from Chicago for the weekend. Ambiance was great - it's an old house and service was excellent (thanks Emma). The white bean and kale toast was great, as was the chicken gumbo. I had the fish of the day, which was some type of snapper. It was served whole with a great giardinar over the top. The desserts were excellent as well, highlighted by the banana split ice cream bar. We will definitely be back!I have been twice and Cavan has not disappointed! The Crab-Filled Deviled Eggs are so addictive - Heaven! The Roast Tomato Toast is outstanding.  The Scallops, Chicken and Shrimp entrees are all 
A-amazing!!!  Service is tip-top and the bar is a definite go to for drinks.  Decor inside is unique, cozy and well thought out.  The patio is so perfect for dinner al fresco.  Highly recommend and can't wait to return. 
Well Done!!Great service and atmosphere! The food was lovely. The cocktails were fresh and inventive. Definitely will be back!If you like Pêche, you'll love Cavan. If you hate Pêche, you'll love Cavan. Either way you can't go wrong. I decided to go here after reading about it in a review from Southern Living because well, who wouldn't want to eat in deteriorating old mansion with "stupid gorgeous interiors"? Let me just say that Cavan did not disappoint. Aside from the super cool vibe of the place and the super friendly staff, the food is ridiculously good. I ordered the corn fritters with honey butter and while I promised myself I wouldn't eat the whole thing, I promptly devoured every delicious morsel. I had to stop myself from slathering the honey butter everywhere , including on myself because it was so damn good I just wanted to roll around in it. Next up was the General Lu's crispy chicken which was a thing of fried glory. Crispy perfection on the outside with deliciously moist chicken on the inside. How do they do it? Magic maybe...  I don't know what kind of glorious sauce was on the chicken but I'm salivating just thinking about it. The crab fat fried rice that accompanied the dish made me wish I had a bigger stomach in which to shovel all of the culinary perfection that was my dinner. Last up was dessert which was a key lime pie. I told myself I'd eat the whole thing but simply ran out of room. What a pity because it was the perfect balance of sweet and tart and that graham cracker crust was heaven. Do as I did and wear pants with an elastic waistband because even if you can't consume every delicious bite of food you're served, you at least know that you gave your stomach a fighting chance by providing it with some space to expand.2nd time here- so awesome- 1st time was happy hour with Orangetheory and was upstairs and tonight brought my 2 closest high school friends and we sat center downstairs. Food is amazing, staff is super friendly and knows their stuff, ambience is so New Orleans. Be sure to check the tub in the upstairs bath and tell Lucille, the ghost of Cavan that Brooke said Hi.Lovely old mansion restaurant on Magazine st. The menu and food is excellent.  I found them on several foodie lists and they did not dissapoint. We had a bunch of tapas, and every one was perfect!!The happy hour menu for Cavan is an incredible little known secret! Best part is it is from 10 pm until midnight. The tuna tartare tacos are the best I've ever had, and their duck and sausage gumbo is out of this world. Plus you get to enjoy this delicious food in a romantic, sophisticated (while inviting) atmosphere. Bartenders are always friendly - one of the gentlemen performed a magic trick for me! You need to come here.Came here with my girlfriend for happy hour. If it wasn't the outdoor seating, this place would look like a hotel from the outside. The outdoor seats are really comfy. They'll definitely need fans if they want people to sit out here in the summer. There's also seating inside up/downstairs. The downstairs seating arrangement is very nice. Take the inside your for sure.
We were waited on immediately. The staff was nice and had a good sense of humor. (They liked my order of grapefruit beer- YUM #3.2%) It took around eight minutes for them to take our order, and out appetizers came out within the same amount of time.
I was honestly having second thought when I looked at the menu. I like big portion sizes meals and it didn't seem like anything on it was going to satisfy me.
Crab Deviled Eggs $6- These were very tasty. Nothing like regular deviled eggs which is more flavorful in my opinion. Still these were worth having.
Toasted Fried Oysters $11- I don't like toasted bread or Kimchi so I just had the fried oyster with ginger remoulade. It was pretty freaking awesome ^_^
Oyster Crackers FREE- So this was my first time having homemade oyster crackers. I imagined that it would taste like oysters haha- it taste like flavorful crackers. It's pretty good.
BBQ Jerk Shrimp: She really liked it. The portion size was average. I would have required more. It had many layers of flavor.
Burger!!!!!!: Delicious! It was so dang on good. I'd definitely come back just for the burger.We ordered  the goat cheese and crawfish king cake from here and decided to eat lunch when picking it up. I didn't  take a pic of the menu, but the place is pretty pricy food wise anyway. ..a basic breakfast  plate came in at $19. With that in mind, we decided to try a few apps with drinks. They had a drink on the menu called Fats Old Fashioned which had roasted sweet potato infused bourbon. I didn't  get the sweet potato  notes, but it was a decent old fashioned.  My wife ordered a brandy milk punch.....which was flat out nasty.  She then ordered a cup of coffee which came out lukewarm. Her plan was to use the milk punch as cream for  the coffee, but by the time  she put the milk punch into the coffee, the coffee was ice cold. We started  with what they call boudin tater tots. I was looking forward to thise, but they fell flat for both of us. It was like mashed potatoes flavored with boudin ingredients, but not enough  boudin ingredients  to overcome the potatoes then fried. Not a fan. We each  then had a bowl of chicken and tasso gumbo...which came out cold...not even luke warm. We told the waitress  and she brought  it back to the kitchen for reheating. When it came back it was piping  hot...so it was pretty  good. My only gripe with the gumbo was that it had too much chicken skin in it.The waitress saw that we were having a hard time with this meal and brought  us out a skillet of corn fritters which were pretty good. As to the crawfish and goat cheese king cake, my wife loved it...me not so much.5 stars for just for the sheer ambience factor alone! Outstanding!!!!! Beautiful !!!!!!!!!!!!! Blown awayMy husband and I had a wonderful brunch experience at Cavan! Everything from the food/drinks to the service and atmosphere were top notch. It's in a gorgeous old, converted mansion that's so cozy and charming. We sat inside, which was lovely, but I would love to sit on the beautiful porch next time. Overall, it was a memorable morning and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone!This place was fantastic. Our dinner date here was thousands of times better than our dinner at Muriel's. Low lit, low key, amazing music, friendly but not intruding staff, they didn't have to ask who ordered what, the champagne was FANTASTIC, the waitress gave us great reccomendations for watering holes, the food was slightly better than what i was expecting, and we were both over the moon. We felt like we were in someone's home with the lovely decor and overall personality of the place. The only out of place thing here is the fact that it's a restaurant! I would give this place a 5 star on the service and atmosphere with sub par food, but the way everything was presented and the service that came with it, I would give more if possible!Lovely location, great food, although a little rough finding anything our (very adventurous) seven year old would eat. Crab fat fried rice was heavenly. Shrimp and grits were the best ever. Mmmmmm.TL/DR: fantastic delicious food. Family friendly. Dog friendly. Converted old mansion with great atmosphere. Very comfortable. Great service. Strongly recommend as a must eat and experience. Good for casual family or nice romantic night out. 
The service was exceptional! Well attended but not intrusive. The atmosphere was fantastic. Casual porch and patio, and nice interior. We dined as a family and felt welcome--as did our little dog who was served a nice bowl of water. The food was AMAZING from appetizer to dessert. We might have licked our plates but didn't want to be rude. The curry shrimp and grits was perfection. The kids loved the burger. The Boudin tater tot appetizer made everyone happy. Can't say which dessert was best. We recommend you get a sampling. We wish we had more time to try more of the menu. So great.TLDR: come for the food, skip the cocktails
Roast beef Benedict is  two full pieces of toast, loads of toast beef, and two poached eggs!  definitely enough to split. Poke toast on point too. Would come back for those two things. 
Drinks are not the best. They all seem to have one ingredient overpowering. For the Bloody Mary it was horseradish. For the catacombs tea it was the bitters. We had number of drinks between the 4 of us and none of them were my fancy.I enter Cavan early on in the day and say down ans enjoyed the BEST BABA GANOUSH IBE EVER HAD!! Nathan Richards has out down himself on this. My server Tomas made my day off with his impeccable service. He was detailed to the point of I never was half way through my beverage and it was refilled. To the people of Cavan I hope you do amazing and I hope to see Tomas here all the time he's the reason I will be coming back as well as the food$21 for a plate of dry fried chicken? For that price, it had better be the best in the city. Sadly it isn't, it's not even close to plates around town that are $8 to $11 and amazing. So very disappointed in this place. A nice house, friendly staff, but far too overpriced in a town where great food can be found everywhere. 4 of us at dinner and 2 of us didn't even want to finish our plates in utter disappointment. When you charge this much, expectations are set high.Pretty good. Isn't my favorite In Nola by any means, however the food was satisfying and presented well. Portions could be larger in size considering certain prices.After a not-so-nice experience the first time around, we came back to give Cavan another try. We had a seat in the main dining room by the window which was very nice. Our server Jasmine was a million times better than our previous server from the get-go. I highly recommend asking for her. Very knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive. 
The boyfriend ordered their gin cocktail which he loved and I had a really good white wine. We started with the tuna carpaccio which has avocado, cucumber and soy sauce. It was light and refreshing. Put anything with avocado and I'm sold. We also got the old bay fries with malt aioli...it was malt-y enough to remind you of eating fries at a boardwalk, but not too overpowering. 
For the main course, I ordered the seared gulf fish which came with a cold white bean salad and a fennel salad. Last time I was at Cavan, I was confused about the hot vs cold juxtapositions on the plate, but after having a couple entrees now I can see that it is most likely a "summer menu" or some sort of theme. So don't be surprised if your plate has hot and cold items intermingling. The boyfriend got the scallops (what I had at my last visit) and really enjoyed them. Again, the corn was cold with the scallops...representing the previous statement about the cold vs hot items on the plate. 
We finished dinner with a peanut butter chocolate cake that the boyfriend could not finish because it was too big and the key lime pie which I devoured even though I was more than full at that point. 
Overall, it was a vast improvement of every aspect from my first review. Food and service were on point.I am been here for dinner, drinks, and just to look around. Every time we have been greeted with a smile and the drinks have been amazing. The food is great also. I like the food items that aren't fried bc you can taste the ingredients and the flavors a lot more. This is a unique venue with everything one needs for a great night or lunch.The ambiance of the old House is unbelievable.
Food was just good / service was terrible.
Such a long wait to get your food.
Dinner be aware!!! Plus not inexpensiveI love the atmosphere of this place , just the history this house has and the feeling you get when you sit in the dining room . I was very skeptical of coming here but after looking at the menu but I'm glad I did . I absolutely love the chicken dish they have on the menu . I like how the have a guy playing an acoustic guitar on sundays instead of playing music over the speakers . The have good craft cocktails at the bar and the service is top notch . Will be back again . It's a great place for date night .We stopped in here for drinks and appetizers, and although it is a beautiful space and the service was quite good, we all agreed that the appetizer list was a little underwhelming. Such a beautiful space deserves a food menu that matches the quality of the space.Found Cavan on my last visit home to Nola and fell in love. Visited twice in a few days.  Happy hour was lovely with wine and raw oysters.  Love the ambiance.  It's great for business or date night.  I also love the diverse menu and the beautiful selection of vegetarian options available (sides/salads) ... and the risotto ... OMG.  Don't miss it.Came in for a friend's birthday; everything was outstanding. There were 10 of us- so we were a little rowdy, but that didn't seem to be an issue. Katelyn and Tyler did a great job answering all of our questions and bringing us everything we needed. They were attentive and caring. And so was the other server, Natalie. I'm vegan and Chef Andrew pretty much created a whole new menu just for me to choose from which I HIGHLY appreciate. My friends and I all work together in service industry so we were really blown away by the service and the chef. The only weird thing was.. we ordered bottled water and we heard the waitress say "I'll go refill that for you".. which was weird because we didn't want the tap. Not sure if she misspoke or just served us tap to charge us for the bottle. That wasn't really a big deal though and we will return!We came here on a Saturday not knowing it was a brunch menu when we walked in at 2pm. Our party of 5 wasn't really that hungry so we just ordered a couple of things to try. 
-dozen of oysters 
-charcuterie plate 
-wedge salad 
-bbq shrimp and grits (this was good!!) 
-butternut squash soup (it was lukewarm, would be better if it was piping hot) 
-prosciutto toast 
We had 2 rounds of drinks and everything was good. Nothing to rave about, but I definitely want to come back to check out the dinner service.Cavan treated us right. We wanted to go out and celebrate one last date night before we get married next week. We reserved for Saturday, but they were apparently full. They called and apologized and offered us a gift card if we wanted to change for Friday. We agreed and I'm glad we did. They greeted us with a sweet champagne toast. Everything we ordered was impeccable. My fiancé especially loved his steak, and the wine menu is a good value. My only suggestion would be to give a slightly larger slice of the (freaking delicious) crawfish king cake for the price of $15. Other than that--fab. We will be back.First off the ambiance of this restaurant cannot be beat. It's in a restored mansion and every detail is perfection. We sat upstairs and it felt like we were dining at a friends home. The hostess prior to seating us asked us a few normal questions like how we are and where we are from, then told our waitress so she was aware and it was such a nice welcoming feeling. The food was fantastic and everything we had was memorable. We had the charcuterie plate and the oysters to start and they were both perfection. Such a wonderful place and so thankful to happen to stop in and try it.The location alone scores 5 stars. This old mansion is gorgeous. As a matter of fact we are in the works of copying one of the bathrooms for our own house. But that's beside the point. 
We couldn't get reservations here. We decided to chance it and hope for a seat at the bar. We got them!  I actually struck out here on cocktails and my entree. My husbands food however was amazing so they still earn an amazing review. He had the creole shrimp which I was leery to order because I don't do well with spicy food. It was fantastic. I ordered the crispy chicken. The chicken was great. The rice that came with it had so much black pepper in it that it was inedible. 
This place was recommended by our Uber driver who actually worked here. It's a bit off the touristy path. We used public transit to get here which took  an hour and then ubered back to Marigny which costs us $35!  In total, a $200+ dinner with cocktails, tip and transportation.Worst salt salt meal ever!!! The chicken with general Lou was awful...way to salty but the spicy chicken with fries was da bomb!!! Be sure to all Liz she's cute as she as she as sweet!!! Great service Great key lime pie!!!!We dined at Cavan on a Monday night with the expectation of sitting at the bar for a drink and a couple appetizers. The drinks were amazing and we started with tuna carpaccio.  Everything tastes so good we decided to look at the dinner menu. We tried the roasted chicken and pork chop.  The chicken was very good and the cauliflower purée was exceptional.  However, the pork chop was the art of the show.  Big portion, cooked perfectly, and the red pepper jelly was outstanding.  The pork chop came with a sweet potato purée and roasted yams, both delightful.  In total, it was as close to a perfect dish as you will find.
We had the key lime pie and the state fair brownie for desert.  Once again, both desserts hit the mark.
The prices are very reasonable, especially when you consider the generous portion sizes.  We ate our entire meal at the bar and our bartender Brandon was attentive, engaging, and freely offered his recommendations for menu items as well as local restaurants in the area.Excellent Pimm's cups, especially for $5 during happy hour! The honey corn fritters weren't as sweet as expected but still tasty. Loved the salmon poke tacos--only 3 on a plate but they're very rich, so they made a lovely meal. Hubby had the breakfast tacos--definitely plenty of delicious food and the guacamole rice was to die for!
We finished with a slice of tangy, outstanding key lime pie. Overall an excellent lunch on a gorgeous Fall day outside. And thanks wonderful waitstaff for the champagne for our anniversary!Cavan super cute. Bartender was the shit. Talkative but not overbearing. Was here for happy hour. Great snacks. Great drinks. Date night type of spot. Not great for groups.Came in for dinner with a girl friend and we both absolutely adored the design and layout of this residence-turned-restaurant. Dimly lit, red plush chairs, chandeliers - all very chic and charming; it felt like a special place (and far from a "tavern" as it is described on its website). We dined upstairs but would've been just as happy on the porch or courtyard. 
We shared the crab deviled eggs, clam chowder, seafood salad and steamed mussels. All was good; not exceptional or particularly memorable but still a lovely meal. I would come back for cocktails on the porch and people watching.This was our first time here for an anniversary dinner. The place had a new orleans old vintage charm, very cute. Our server was very helpful in choosing what to order. 
We ordered scallop crudo, roasted tomato, and deviled crab eggs for apps. We absolutely LOVE this fresh sweet scallops topped with pickled red onions and drizzled olive oil. The roasted tomato was paired with goat cheese and a BACON marmalade -- tons of flavor,  but the bread wasn't warm or crisp.... if it was it would've been ahhhmazing because the sweetness of the roasted tomato, tangy of the goat cheese AND smokey bacon? WIN, WIN! We also had the raw oysters and scallop entree. The entree had seared scallops, corn grits and arugula (nutty flavor) -- it was okay. 
Overall, the scallop crudo was the best, this is why I gave 4 stars!Food was AWESOME this place deserves 10 stars & every star in the sky!! Rittt is so FABULOUS super cool... I've been here 3 times this month..THE CHICKEN THO OMG!! Salmon tacos and oysters are to live for! This place gives me life! Definitely my favorite restaurant! Ask for Ritt he's so sweet!This place was great! The pictures of the interior drew me in, and we were delighted by that and also by the food. 
The restaurant is in a stunning house, and it's decorated to look rustic and chic. I've never quite seen anything like it but I loved it. 
Service was probably the slowest we had during our trip, but always courteous! 
My girlfriend had the gumbo which she ate quickly which means it was a hit. 
I ordered the shrimp and grits and it was so decadent and just perfect! Easily the best meal I had on the trip; I'm glad we stopped in.
Removed one star for service timing, would do 4.5 stars if I could!Underwhelming is the first word that comes to mind.  Perhaps my experience suffered from too high of expectations but there are better food offerings in New Orleans at this price point.  The other sister restaurants to Cavan are some of my absolute favorites so I was disappointed to find the food here to only be okay.  The atmosphere is beautiful and old New Orleans with tons of character and charm.  The items I tried were the gumbo, which my bf and I both agreed was not up to snuff for New Orleans.  Then my main course was shrimp and grits and this was no where near anything I'd tried before. The "grits" were more akin to cornbread dressing at Thanksgiving with sage and a more gritty texture.  The shrimp were fine and the sauce was definitely more gravy like.  My date ordered the eggplant tower and again it wasn't bad but it also wasn't something I'll remember.  My hope is that Cavan is still warming up as a new restaurant and does become a go-to spot.Fan-TAS-tic!   Atmosphere at the restaurant?  The same!  The food, the service, the aura--all Fan-TAS-tic!  We will definitely return.  TCWhat a pleasant surprise!! I had never heard of Cavan before a couple days ago and now I can't wait to tell any and everyone who will listen to me.  A fellow Yelper had her birthday celebration at Cavan, and I found the restaurant to be delightful! I love the interior, and how it's decorated. It is an old house that was transformed into the restaurant and I love the charm. It reminds me of my best friends childhood home, and for me that's a good thing because I feel like I'm at home dining here.  
We had a party of 6 that turned into 8. We ordered a variety of appetizers for the table which included corn fritters, the sausage plate (chorizo), raw oysters, antipasti plate which was hummus two says with a fish dip and veggies, plus the shrimp remoulade lettuce wraps.  Everyone at the table really enjoyed the appetizers. My favorites were the shrimp wrap and raw oysters. For the entrees there were the steak dinners, mahi mahi with avocado rice,  fried chicken served with fried rice (excellent from what I was told) and I had the burger. Out of everything I think the fried chicken was the favorite and I have to add that my burger was one of the best I have ever had. Anyone who knows me knows I LOVE a good burger, and this one was outstanding.  Onto dessert. They had key lime pie, banana pudding, pineapple upside down cake, and peanut butter pie. The two favorites were the peanut butter pie and banana pudding. 
All in all it was a fabulous dinner in a fabulous restaurant celebrating a fabulous friend! I very highly recommend Cavan for your dinner plans and especially  for a special occasion. As it goes there were 3 birthday dinners the night we were there so that says something. I hope you love it as much as we all did.We love Cavan. It's upscale but with no dress code or pretentious requirements. The food is awesome. I would recommend going early for happy hour food and martinis! We've been with just 2 and with as many as 8 and they were great with both size parties. I love it st Cavan.My family was in town for Easter weekend, and our go-to's were all booked up for Sunday brunch. We were able to grab a reservation at Cavan despite having never heard of/about it.
As far as brunch menus go, Cavan's is slightly a-typical. Unsure if this was just in the spirit of Easter, but many items were on the heavier side - steak, seafood, etc. I went with the spring salad and was kind of blown away by the creativity and craftiness of it. The flavors of peas, mint, greens, and radish were super fresh and well-blended. The hard-boiled "easter egg" on top was dyed pink with beet juice. Who thinks of these things?! Yes, this is a pricey place even for Sunday brunch in New Orleans. But the presentation and craftsmanship near justify the $$. 
My overall positive review actually comes from the atmosphere of this house-turned-eatery. Dining here feels homey with paintings, chandeliers, cushioned chairs, etc. The wait staff is dressed smart-casual (imagine a Lucky Brand catalogue) and rotate tables. All were friendly and efficient. My personal favorite part, however, was the music. Whoever put together the playlist had an extensive repertoire of early indie faves like Pavement, Sonic Youth, the Pixies. I am of course biased here, but A++ in restaurant soundtracks. 
For an occasion/special outing, I'd recommend Cavan.This was my first visit and I hadn't met anyone who had been here before so I didn't have any expectations. It's coolinary month so I opted for the coolinary menu with the wine pairings. I tried the corn fritters with honey butter for the first course. They came in a cute mini cast iron skillet. The corn fritters were good but I highly suggest you eat them with the honey honey butter that comes with it. I had the shrimp and grits for the second course and this was my favorite of the night. The only thing I didn't like was I had a number of shrimp shell pieces in my grits because some of the shrimps with partially peeled so I spent some time picking shrimp peelings out of my teeth. I had the key lime pie for dessert and I would only suggest this dessert if you are truly into lime. I personally liked it by my dining partner thought it was overpowering because he wasn't really into lime. It's a cute space and keep in mind it is inside of an old house so the dining space is s little tight. If there's good weather you can even dine outside.One of my favorite places to visit when I'm in the area! The interior is spectacular and inviting. The front patio area is wonderful for warmer days. Amanda mixes up a mean cocktail! The food never disappoints. If you ask for oysters make sure you don't ask for the smaller sized oysters. That's frowned upon.One of the best authentic cuisine restaurants in New Orleans.   First, the downstairs bartender Jack is amazing.   He guided me through local drink favorites and fine glasses of wine.  What made Jack special is his attentive suggestions.   He got a feel for my and my girlfriend's preferences and then guided our appetizer, entree and desert orders.  It was all perfect.   The take on a massive pork chop, barbecue shrimp, bruschetta and clam chowder was unique, full of rich flavor from local sourced produce and the highest quality of food preparation.  Treat yourself to dinner with Jack at the ground floor bar.   You get instant, impeccable service....AND great suggestions.   All of this located in an authentic plantation house.Thought we would give this place a try. Loved the look of the restaurant. 
We had to sit at the bar. The bar tended/server was very nice and helpful. Our appetizer came right out but we waited forever for the main courses. It was not in me today to complain and I just remained quiet. The bar tender on his own took it upon himself to talk to the manager. They discounted our check and gave us a free dessert. 
Would definitely try again just because of their own awareness in the problems they were having today.This place is always wonderful. The menu changes with the season. I got lucky this time. They had oysters. The oysters were wonderful.  Don't let the size of the oysters fool you. They were small, but so tasty. I also had the poke tocos.  The tocos were nice and crunchy. Great experience. I'll be back.Our first night back in Nola for vacation and after reviews on yelp we had to give this restaurant a shot. We were very happy with the whole experience here as we came at 4:45 for dinner with the kids and even got to enjoy happy hour cocktails and appetizers. The gumbo was on point and the corn fritters and boudin tots were just yummy. Boys got hamburgers and fries and them fries were delicious! I got the shrimp and grits plate which was so damn good and wife had the crawfish lasagna with braised greens which were as good as it gets! We even got a slice of their key lime pie on the house and was great! This place has it going on , Period. Highly Recommend!Heard about this place from an Uber Driver that works here after a not-so-great dining experience at a local "favorite." Poke Tacos were phenomenal! Creole Shrimp and Grits were equally delicious. The duck fat fried rice was a little heavy on the black pepper, but otherwise a perfect side to the crispy chicken. How they managed to slather a piece of crispy chicken with such a delicious sauce without making it soggy is beyond me. Also find a reason to order a side of Parmesan Truffle Fries- the perfectly cut shoestrings were addicting. We had dinner at the bar because the only reservations available were super late. We had excellent service there and probably even enjoyed dinner more because we could do more people watching. Food? Excellent. Service? Great. Cocktails? Meh. That's the only reason I couldn't give 5 stars. Tried 3 different cocktails from their list each was ok but lacked the coziness that a perfectly crafted cocktail  makes you feel with the first sip. But in any case, make the journey to this beautiful mansion. It's totally work the trip!This place looks nice and upscale, and the prices reflect that. I was here for brunch and it was disappointing. I ordered the Country Breakfast Plate, $19 - scrambled eggs, sweet potato hash, grits, bacon, and a biscuit. Each item came separated on a large plate, which may have been what caused the entire dish to be lukewarm-cold. I don't recall ever being at a restaurant and strongly feeling a need to ask the server to please put my dish in the microwave for a couple minutes. (I didn't actually ask. I just really wanted to.) The sweet potato hash was awful, basically a mush. The grits had an odd flavor I didn't recognize, or enjoy. The scrambled eggs and bacon were good. The restaurant does not provide salt or pepper, butter for biscuits, jam, or any other condiments unless you ask. It took me a while to get ahold of some butter for our large biscuits (average, not great, and not warm). To top it all off, we were seated in a dark corner of the restaurant, which didn't feel very brunch-y. There were windows near us but they were shuttered, creating a vampiric atmosphere. There is no way would I go back and give this place another shot. Apparently a lot of people enjoy this place. Maybe if I had been drinking I would be less critical.Stopped by for a late afternoon Sunday brunch.  Picture perfect restaurant.  Kind staff, great service.  We ordered the seafood benedict, gumbo, buttermilk waffles with bacon and the crawfish empanada appetizer.  Everything was delicious.This is possibly the coolest restaurant atmosphere I've ever been in. This restored beautiful mansion is incredible. There is even a second bar upstairs (hidden gem). Went here with a group of 8 and we had our own private room. It was awesome!! 
Dinner, oysters, tuna poke tacos, shrimp and cauliflower grits, jerk fish, steak, burger.... we had it all and loved everything. Cocktails also on point! Only complaint is the cabernet by the glass was served too warm.
Definitely a must go to for a lovely evening out!!Went for brunch, had a great time. Food is lovely. The ambiance was nice and desserts were great. Will be back for happy hour.Very patient server who took great care of us. Loved the cocktails and I had the Shrimp and Grits. Better believe I ate all of that.Amazing all around 
Service perfection
Food amazing 
Any mistakes graciously accounted for....
Cannot day enough about the creative and delicious menuMy first visit to Cavan. Decided to give them a try after sampling their delicious cocktails at the Moonlight Market. 
Stated with the Romancing the Porton cocktail. Very good. 
Decided to go with Prix Fixe dinner because they had me at crab fat frog legs. Which were fantastic! BBQ shrimp and grits was very good. But who can resist creamy grits. 
Perfect finishing touch was the chocolate cake for dessert. This is not your average chocolate cake. It had different flavors from the decadent cake and filling to the icing it all went together perfectly. In other words get the chocolate cake for dessert. 
Service was great, from me calling to find out about the parking across the street at WRBH, to my server keeping me updated about the progress of cocktail order. 
I did think I had found a paranormal cold spot in the restored mansion that Cavan is housed but unfortunately I was seated over the ac vent in the floor. Easily fixed by switching to the other seat at my table. 
Overall I was very pleased with my meal and will be back. I look forward to trying out their happy hour.Omg CAVAN!!!! we have been waiting to go here forever and finally went this past weekend. We wanted to sit outside but it was full so we ended up at a table by the bar. The decor is super cool and v 1800s rich mansion. We came for happy hour and they had half price drinks and $1 oysters. The oysters were someone the best I have had in the city. Now for the main courses, I got the general lu's chicken and my boyfriend got the burger with fries. Both were amazing!!! The chicken is huge, and the crab fat fried rice is to die for. The burger was AMAZING, one of the best I have had. Now the true star of the show was the strawberry tres leches. Oh my god, it is the best tres leches I have ever had, it has toasted coconut flakes which provide some really good texture and flavor. We will def be back so we can sit outside!!!If I could give this place a 6-star review I would!!! This is EXACTLY what I was hoping for coming to New Orleans. History, charm, century-buildings, incredible food, top-notch cocktails, character. Don't waste your time in the city lights. Come down here for an incredible experience. Take a self guided tour of the facility... we did :)Found the service great, but the portions of cobia that they provided were ridiculously small.  Maybe they were running out, but that isn't the way to handle the situation.  Gumbo was good and so were some of the apps.  I'll go again for drinks, but not for a meal.