Ok so to be clear, the artistic method of cocktailing is on point. My drink tasted like a Christmas tree and was fantastic. The nachos we got were great.
It's place is so cramped it's unreal. I'd be surprised if the count for the number of times I had to move out of a staff members way was under 50. My toes got stepped on by them a bunch too.  
But the worst part- oh my god the service via bartenders could not have been worse. Of the 4 times I ordered (3 drinks and half of the cheapest bottle of wine and the cheapest food on the menu totaling $200) I think there was one time that I got my drink within 20 minutes of ordering. And holy ... ordering a bottle of wine, these wine bar employees got so confused and it took 2 trips upstairs, they let me taste it, then started mixing someone else's drink and I got the bottle about 40 minutes after ordering. And after the frustration of being told to move (not asked) and all of that waiting, I get a $200 bill. Should have gone to bayou wine garden. Never again.The interior is beautiful & makes you feel like you're in a different era. 
Drinks has been a hit or miss. I went twice in one week & ordered the same drinks, one day was stronger than the other and more or less tasteful. 
The silver lining to this place is their adobo glazed wings (12$) ! I have never had anything like it and, boy, do I love it!
Their sweet poutine (6$) was very off putting for me. I actually had to send the first order back because it tasted way to burnt & bitter. The second order tasted better, but still had that underlying burnt & bitter taste. 
The elote (5$) was alright. I'm used to the super heavy elotes so this was a good rendition of it but just a lot lighter. Guess you'll like it if you're eating healthy. 
I am more than willing to retry menu items & see what else they have to offer!Great specials and good drinks! Stew is an awesome bartender! Very friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommend!My new favorite place in New Orleans. The old building is charming and the bar has a speakeasy vibe. The cocktails are innovative and delicious. The best part by far, however, is the food. Tommy Finch, the new chef, prepared an amazing meal for our group. I definitely recommend this place, and I'll be coming back soon.Come here! Evidently it's not a well known restaurant, as there weren't many here. Everything was great, good service too.
My friend told me to put this here but with everything that has been said, all I can add is the drinks are excellent... not just good.... EXCELLENT, the food is INCREDIBLE, and the service can't be any better.  
Every time I come here, I'm genuinely surprised this place isn't booked up to the max but yet it is empty.
So my friend, who is correct that I asked him to add more text, said that he's been here 3 times and it's been empty every time.
Please help to change that.Busy place, good pricing at happy hour.  Located in a historical building that is very unique.  Huge chicken wings, watch out ours was under cooked.  Very small menu with different item choices.  We tried the paprika & garlic shrimp sautéed in brown butter, husband thought it was prepare well but I was not a fan of the taste and I love shrimp if it is done correctly.  We also tried the Tri tip steak kebobs on a bed of corn salad.  Steak was great, corn salad was so/so.We dropped into the CellarDoor for drinks only, and did not order any food, as enticing as the menu is. So I will restrict my comments to the service, the bar, and the restaurant itself.
I found the service fast, friendly, considerate, and accessible without hovering (Thank You, Stewy L, Great Job!).
The multiple drinks we ordered -- Aviation, Clover Club, Old-Fashioned, and Pimm's Cup ($12 each) -- were honest pours, mixed correctly, and were cold and delicious.
The restaurant space was comfortable and intimate without the tables and seats being crowded together. The unisex rest rooms were clean and stocked, with staff clearly keeping on top of them.
Four Stars.I have been here twice and have had a bad experience both times! The fist time I was approached by the owner and asked to leave because my boyfriend kissed me at the bar. The waitresses were great and even apologized to us for his behavior.  Giving the owner the benefit of doubt I decided to go again with a group of friends and the owner asked us to keep it down. He said the patio was normally closed at 12:30 but he would be "nice enough to let us stay if we were quiet." Feeling so uncomfortable to even have a conversation, we relocated inside. The waitress was great. The owner however, layed on the couch with his ipad right in front of us. As we exited he never said thank you or even made eye contact with us. The place has a beautiful ambiance but I have never been dissapointed with management (especially coming from the owner) the way I am with this place. This is very unfortunate considering I have lived in New Orleans for 4 years.I expect this restaurant would be a pleasant spot for drinks and snacks in a nice setting. However, I would not recommend it for dinner. On a Saturday night in April, we were one of a handful of tables eating dinner, but still we didn't have very good service. With only four people in our party, they forgot a dish that one woman had ordered (they removed it from the bill). The vegetarian dish that two in our party ordered had no rice and they ran out of their typical bread to serve with it. (Again, it was a slow night!) Unfortunately, another dish had a hair in it - very unappetizing - so we received a discount on our bill as well.  Overall, they had okay food in a nice setting, but definitely see an opportunity to improve their service.CellarDoor speaks to the kind of soul that longs to immerse itself in mystery and history, in debauchery-filled days gone by, in a true house of ghosts and memories - all with a fantastic drink in hand and a beautiful plate of food in front of you! No rush to get in and out, no tours, no formalities. It's a restaurant and bar set in a genuinely historical location - perhaps the oldest still-standing "house" in downtown New Orleans and once a lasting brothel. YAY! I'm a huge fan of a building's past, especially ones like this. Now a craft cocktail bar and restaurant of contemporary cuisine, CellarDoor has combined the modern with the antiquated to create that sort of dreamy, bygone atmosphere I so love. 
An old home with service wings, brick walls, tall ceilings, dim lighting, and chandeliers - this restaurant has an incredible ambiance. I was particularly fond of their cozy outdoor patio, although it was a bit too cold to sit outside. My party was seated in a relatively private back room with one huge table, an empty fireplace, and a huge bookshelf stocked with pretty dusty, falling-apart reads. I didn't love the battery operated candles but understand safety is important. Real candlelight would certainly amplify the mood they've created.
The booze menu is extensive. Wine, beer, fancier beer, a full bar, and craft cocktails divided into "modern" and "classic" choices. Names like "The Nervous Light of Sunday" and "The Drink of Laughter and Forgetting" might be too much for some, but right up my alley. I love words. However, I kept it simple and went with the sparkling Prosecco Brut Rose. Bubbly, pink, and lovely.
For dinner, I started with the edamame hummus. Oh my god, fantastic. The hummus itself, light green in color, was incredibly flavorful and thick. The whipped feta was silky and tart, and the roasted veggies (red pepper and squash) served cold were amazing. A TON of flavor and some amazing textures going on. Toasted pita chips come with the hummus as well. 
My entree was a roasted cauliflower and chick pea tikka masala with Jasmine rice. So many great aromas, beautiful color, and plenty of spice. I'm not sure if this dish is on their regular menu, but it was an option the night I went. Wonderful! Not a huge portion, but plenty of food. I was still kind of hungry when we left... but what else is new!?
Our waitress was a bit curt, but attentive and took good care of everyone. I hope to make it back to CellarDoor when I return to New Orleans, I have my eye on their Truffle Honey Popcorn and Frozen Bubbles dessert!I was in town for one night for work. I've been to New Orleans a number of times before so I wanted to try somewhere new and not in the French Quarter. Found this gem in a gorgeous restored old building. Interesting menu with a great beverage selection. The service was good and we enjoyed everything. Really solid place. Next come will sit outside under the twinkle lights for cocktails.I find myself very pleased to say that everyone I know who has been here enjoys what this place has become. The owners and employees are doing a fantastic job working diligently to make not only locals but our guest of New Orleans enjoy what has become a fantastic place to recommend to friends.  Enjoy yourself at this very unique and almost European feel while being in the CBD of New Orleans!We really enjoyed eating & drinking at CellarDoor...the service and food was outstanding (one should definitely try the poutine, unusual for poutine but delicious!). LOVED the food in New Orleans, but it was nice to find a restaurant where everything wasn't fried. The atmosphere was fantastic, intimate and relaxing...a great place to meet friends.  When we return to NOLA we will make sure to visit again.I've visited twice--the first time was amazing, and I was in love.  The recipes were great, the building is amazing, and the drinks were delicious.  
The next time I went, the corn salad, which featured popcorn, didn't have any popcorn in it.  The fish tacos were utterly drowning in salt, and the scallops had extremely coarse pepper.  I think the line cooks need a little kick in butt because their consistency seems poor.We had a large group of 16. They were great about accommodating us (we even added people last minute and no problem). Friendly waitstaff. The place looks awesome as well. The food was hit or miss however. The braised cheeks were 5-star. Wings and Brussels sprouts were good. But there were complaints about the other dishes. I had the Clams Marsala and they were pretty boring, just sitting in broth with a piece of  bread - they needed a starch, but would have still been just okay.I found this place in the midst of a Mardi Gras downpour; the gas lamps outside beckoned the weary reveler. Immediately when I walked in I felt a good vibe. I love the old building and the feeling of being in an old place, without the dirt and dinge of the places down on Bourbon Street. I ordered Col. Taylor rye on the rocks, it came quickly, and with a fused block of ice; just how I like it.  The bartender was a wonderful young lady, who even obliged my request to take a photo of the bottle of rye, which I had never tasted before. 
I ordered the brussel sprouts for a starter, and they were cooked perfectly with a sweet delicate glaze. Man that was good! For my main dish I had the ox tail pot pie, which was quite good, and served with some type of root chips, like real potato chips. The food came quickly.
I was surprised to read some of the other reviews of Cellar Door, which were not very flattering. Hard for me to believe, as I had a wonderful time there, on my first night in New Orleans. 
I chatted up the owner, and he said they've only been open for six months. He was very personable, and gave me a wonderful impression of the local folk here in New Orleans. He offered up some friendly advice for how to see Mardi Gras in an authentic way, and for that I am truly grateful. I would say that there were very few problems, considering that it is a young establishment. Hopefully the locals will take to this place, as it really adds to the character of the neighborhood.This review is for those who enjoy a night spent seemingly immersed in sepia tones.
There you are, late at night, wandering down a tiny ancient street in the CBD when you see the hint, the glow, the whisper of a drinking establishment that may not be there, and if it is there, surely you're in one of those damn dreams again because this is too perfect. Too quiet. Too dark. Too charmed. You take a chance, you turn down a little lit-up pathway to find that you have, indeed, arrived. 
(and don't pinch me or I'll cut you).
Full disclosure: I fully admit that I award stars and can forgive almost anything if I'm stunned and left speechless by atmosphere. And so I start this review with Cellardoor having me all a-gaga! 
Before you write me off because say, you couldn't give a fig about such things, well, that's fine. We have nothing in common. Still, I want you to go here. They have a good bar, with a nice array of spirits, wine and beer too. I will admit to not having tried any of the small plates yet, though I do give them props for having a couple vegetarian options. I stuck to drinks on this visit.
I took in this glorious space under the influence of rose-colored Cava, I admit, but I seriously could not imagine finding a more divine place to spend the late night hours on Friday night. Find your nook or cranny to grace the night, though the back patio is more of the stuff that dreams are made of, the lighting is as dim as it should be - all of it makes you feel like you're existing in the cherished memory of someone long gone... 
Until, as it happens, a largish group came in and took over the room, glared at us as we nailed the best spot in the room, a long chaise lounge, in front of which is a coffee table made out of, you guessed it, a large cellar door. This is our spot, bitches, so suck it.
And that's my first experience with Cellardoor. Easily my new favorite spot in the CBD. I beg of you, local revelers, don't ruin it for the dreamers.CellarDoor was a little hard to put my finger on as there was a 15+ birthday party and a table of incredibly loud hammered guys from NY (they really wanted everyone to know) that kind of took over the restaurant on a late Sunday evening.  That being said, the location is beautiful, old and exuding a kind of  mystery or romanticism?  Just a really good building for a restaurant.  The food is a concept menu on filipino food that was decently well executed and conceived.  It took traditional flavors and textures a bit far from what I would have preferred (wasn't getting a ton of adobo from the adobo wings), but I think that has a lot to do with my wish that there was a straight up down home filipino place where you could get crispy pata in NOLA (don't get me wrong I'm a big fan of Milkfish).  Thinking of this as more a gastropub rather than a primary restaurant which their cocktail focus and price point bear out really makes more sense to me.  Overall I was happy with the food and experience, the bar poured a decent cocktail, the food was interesting and tasty if not in the same way I was expecting, the ambiance I think would be awesome given that I'm sure the two really loud parties isn't the regular.  Also the service was decent considering it was a Sunday evening and there were probably 10+ drink orders at the bar at any given time. Definitely going to have a second go round, likely during happy hour to give the bar and app menu a little more love.We wanted to have pre-dinner cocktails and appetizers before dinner at another location. We walked in and was a little confused on how to get a table there was no hostess to greet us. We went to
The bar where there was only one seat up for a party of two. We spoke to the bartender who told it was first come first service if the table wasn't reserved, which all were. 
Luckily another seat opened up. Glad it did. We had great service by the bartender and enjoyed some amazing pork belly brussel sprouts and fries. The cocktails were elegant and varied. Really enjoyed our time here!!Cool lil bar in CBD. Came here on a Tuesday night around 10pm. It wasn't crowded and the service was attentive and friendly. Had a beer and the "Green Light" cocktail which was tasty.Sat at the bar with Kelley. Had the BEST time. Let her pick the drinks, had a Pisco Sour and my boyfriend had an Old Fashion. Also had the ribs....you MUST try the ribs! Wonderful place and Kelley is the best (and sweetest) bartender in NoLA!The idea of this place is great. Just great! A little hide away place off an alley that you would easily miss. You do walk in and the atmosphere is very cool. It seems to balance elegant and a bit of pretentiousness.  So in terms of atmosphere it wins. My issue here is the price is very high, so maybe it isn't just the atmosphere that can be pretentious.  I wanted to like the rosemary popcorn, but that just didn't work for me.  I have had all of their appetizers and really only the wings stand out. they were messy and flavorful as wings should be. The burger was just okay. I wouldn't get it again. 
But the thing that really let me down here are the drinks. They have a drink menu that looks like it wants to make Bacchus himself come down and try these drinks. Who ever wrote up the drinks are masters. HOWEVER, they are waaaay overprices and I believe missing the key ingredients; Alcohol.  I have been there a few times for after work meetings and I literally have left after having 4 drinks and not felt as "happy" as I wanted to. My wallet was very sad though mind you.  Look , I am no lush, I don't want my drink to be a triple straight up. I want the fancy drinks, hell I order I pink one I don't care. But if I am going to pay top dollar for the alcohol, my liver better know what I am paying for. 
The Good:
The Wings
The atmosphere
The Bad:
What a let down on drinks! Such promise! 
The Ugly:
Prices- hate that if came to that, but look...it just didGreat service and food every time we have been to CellarDoor. Love this place!! You're lucky if you go on a night that the head chef Tommy is there.  If he is ask for whatever the special is.  Also the cocktails are just as legitimate as the original bars they were created in..probably better.Great service, delicious food, and great atmosphere 
A definite visit every time in New Orleans!Went there almost by accident and were very pleased!  Great happy hour cocktails from a really good bartender.  Very knowledgeable about local spirits.This place has suuuch nice style - I love being in there, and the food is so well done and delicious. Definitely a winner.Such a cool place!  The building is beautiful and it has a great New Orleans atmosphere!!  The owner went out of his way to take care of us.  I will definitely go back again.Excellent service from Kelley and John. What a great team! It seemed like they genuinely enjoy their job. Went for Happy Hour (4-6) and loved the drinks and happy hour snacks. I would highly recommend this place.One of my favorites places! First things first, the atmosphere is as New Orleans as you can get. It's set in an old brothel and it's just super cool and speaks tons of life! Service and staff are incredible!! They go above and beyond and will exceed your expectations if you let them. Chef Tommy is the shit and you can tell how much passion he has for CellarDoor in his dishes and by the staff he leads. Cocktails, food and wine are all unique and everything is delicious! They also do events in their bright and pretty event space! My husband and I had our wedding there and everything was....speechless! Everyone was so accommodating and the day and night were perfect. I was and still am told that the food was by far the best food for a wedding!! Make sure you check CellarDoor out for happy hour and stay for dinner!With the exception of a drunken, nonsensical patron spouting conspiracy theories sitting next to us--whom the bartenders handled deftly--our quick visit to this bar was impeccable. We were greeted warmly, our drinks were interesting and made with care and each was well-balanced, and the bartenders enabled us to make a speedy exit to get to our dinner reservation a couple blocks away. I'd love to come back again when we have more time to linger: there were several bottles of unique liquors on the shelves.A.maz.ing.
Seriously, one of my best experiences in NOLA! 
The bartender helped us hand craft a plate for my vegan appetite. 
The cocktails were fantastic, the outdoor seating ( as well as interior ) was amazing, and it was clean and trendy. 
Highly recommended.The number one thing I want to say about CellarDoor is: stop worrying about parking in the CBD! I am amazed how many people comment that they may try it, but they hear parking is a nightmare. It's the CBD with thousands of people working down there all day. At the end of the day, most go home and voila, you have tons of parking. To be sure, there is a lot of construction, but it's still not difficult to find a parking space.
Having said that, I definitely recommend trying CellarDoor. It's in a very cool building with an interesting menu and good drinks. I was very impressed that i went before it even had its grand opening and everything seemed to run very smoothly. You could tell some people were new, but the main people were really on top of everything.
I tried the adobo glazed wings to start. They are deboned wings stuffed with rice with a tasty sauce. Technically, they aren't fully deboned, but just the end bone still there...end bone? Good enough. They are very tasty, but the sauce was almost a little overwhelming, maybe tell them to go easy on the sauce. The ukoy was also recommended to me, but I didn't make the move; sounds very interesting though - shrimp chips? For my main course, I tried the beef brisket burger. The brisket was outstanding; I wasn't a big fan of the roll, almost a po-boy bun. It wasn't bad, but seemed like it could be upgraded. Maybe the best part was the Summer of Sling drink. It had rye, rum, herbsaint and other items. Very tasty. Great summer drink. Prices weren't that bad either - appetizers as low as $6, main dishes under 20. I was a bit concerned as many profiles talked about "upscale." While it is upscale, the prices are reasonable. As far as food (and drinks), I'm going to give CellarDoor a 41 out of 50. Will definitely like to go back after they really settle into a groove.
The atmosphere was very good as well. It has a small bar and a dining area that holds about 15 tables, I would guess. It seemed like it could get a little loud in the dining area, but not bad. the music started with some jazz and about 8 p.m. it shifted towards more funky hipster jazz. Overall, it definitely has a hipster vibe to it. It also has a nice outdoor patio area which has great potential for a happy hour gathering. For atmosphere, I'm giving it a 22 out of 30.
The service was great. I ate at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly and food came out promptly. Some of the drinks are elaborate "mixology" creations, but it really didn't slow things up too much. I was truly amazed by this aspect with it being a brand-new place. I'll give it an 18 out of 20 in service.
Final score = 81 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).BEST WEDDING VENUE, HANDS DOWN! 
My now husband and I decided to have a destination wedding in New Orleans. We absolutely love the city and knew it was perfect place for us to tie the knot. We made a special trip to Nola to find a venue, and the most important thing we wanted to keep I'm mind is to make the wedding as easy and simple as possible. We spent two days trying to find a venue that would make our wedding unique, special, had a traditional new orleans vibe and most important, AMAZING FOOD. It was getting too hard to find a venue because we had to hire a separate caterer and our wedding was getting very expensive. 
We were exhausted and needed a drink. A friend told us Cellardoor had amazing cocktails so we decided to stop searching for a venue and get some dinner. We ended up talking to one of their AMAZING SERVERS for hours, who was one of the servers at our wedding. She told us that Cellardoor hosts weddings! We were instantly IN LOVE!! We met with the owner, Rachel, the next day and put down a deposit. Rachel was hands down the easiest person to work with! She was so accommodating, so creative and she can truly make any occasion special. Im not being biased when I say my wedding was the best! My guest ARE STILL TALKING ABOUT THE FOOD. Their chief is incredible! Their food is inventive, delicious and beautifully displayed.
We couldn't of asked for better people working at the wedding. The staff was incredible, helpful and SO MUCH FUN! 
My husband and I could not have asked for a better wedding. I HIGHLY recommend Cellardoor for any event!! Rachel is a dream to work with, and I'm so thankful for all she did for us. what more can you ask for? Amazing staff, food & cocktails and a breathtaking venue. 
Thank you Rachel and Cellardoor staff for making our wedding a night to remember! We are truly blessed to have stubbled across your doors : )
Love,
Mallory and Travis 
PS THEY HAVE THE BEST COCKTAILS IN ALL NOLAI think that this spot would have made more of an impression on me if I was more of a cocktail person.
We decided to grab a quick bite before heading over to a show. We sat at the bar and got a couple of drinks. We ordered the meat and cheese board to split. It was pretty good, but it didn't really do it for me. I think it was too simple, if that makes sense.
I think if I were to go back I would probably focus more on trying some fancy cocktails, rather than the food. The atmosphere is nice and the staff is friendly. I can see how it would be a cool spot to start the evening.My favorite kind of ambiance for a night out.....dimly lit and cozy!  They also have a great happy hour menu and a patio.  Naturally in New Orleans when we went it was 90 degrees so we opted to sit inside.  We had a few drinks and appetizers.... all good... but on the top of my list is the Oreo beignets with a brandy milk punch...AUH-MA-ZING! Service was good and our waitress even brought our table free shots of tequila... what more could you ask for?  The only thing I recommend is to make reservations.  The first time I tried to go I couldn't even walk in the front door.I truly enjoyed the Cellar Door. They keep tradition alive and take their time with craft cocktails. We gad the original daiquiri which is not the frozen concoction we are all used to. I loved the service, the food and ambience. the noise level was a little to loud for my liking. The ambience was romantic and what you imagine would be in a wine bar. Tall ceiling and curtains on the windows along with dark wooden chairs and tables. It is a beautiful setting. Happy hour used to everyday but it is now M-F 4-7. I wish HH was back to everyday, but I will be back. This place takes their time with their cocktails and they take their time to get the drink rightOne of the best French 75's in the city. This is a unique and intimate little bar and restaurant with a patio. They have a great happy hour with one of the best loaded burgers in the city. Normally it's $18 but during happy hour you get a brew and burger for $15. The waitress was even nice enough to sub a glass of wine for my brew. I love bringing visitors here or just stopping by after work.I was there last Friday night, was excited about the place. Was having a great time talking about how I would love to have a party here. The appetizers and wine we ordered were great. Until I decided to order a round of their specialty cocktails, which was champagne with sugar cubes and lemon zest... Well that's were my mistake was b/c the zest was not a zest  but a  big slab of the white part of the lemon, not the peel, which made the cocktail very sour.  First of all I have had cocktails where there was a zest of the lemon or a small peel of the lemon, but not a big chunk of the white part of the lemon. When I went up to the bar to see if I can borrow something to crush the sugar cube, the bartender was why do you not like the drink and I could have said it nicer but I told him no, the drink is not good and that I need to crush the sugar cube. Than he got all uppity with me. I said whatever and got straws from another bartender. The female customer at the bar said wow, he was rude the first bartender- whom I later found out was a minority owner, b/c he let it be known that he's the owner. Later he came up to me with my paid tab, and said finish your drink get out and never come back to my friends and I, I told him I don't want my money for the cocktails he said finish your drink and leave. I went up to him & asked to talk to him privately & to apologize if I said anything offensive to him, he just shooed me & said get out I told him here's my money that I owe for the drinks keep the money and don't worry will not come back...I will never go back as long as he is one of the owners and trust me neither will my friends that were with me. Posted my experience about CellarDoor on Face Book and some of my friends had similar issues with customer service. And reading the reviews seems like majority of the people have the same issues, BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!Amazing bar with amazing service by Scott! Makes you feel like you're away from New Rowan's. Only came for drinks , but will be back to experience the food.We stopped in for appetizers and a drink on our way to a concert. We ordered the Grilled Kale Salad and the Seafood Salad from the starters menu. They were both superb. The drinks were affordable and my wine (Tempranillo) was excellent. A quaint environment with great food. (Noise level very high once packed).Decided to try this hidden gem out after seeing reviews on Yelp. I have never heard of this place and would have never found it. The atmosphere is very cool and laid back. It looks like an old house with a lovely courtyard in the back. We had the truffle popcorn and hummus for appetizers. They were both good. My husband had the burger which he said was ok. My only complaint was the menu was very limited. Great happy hour prices on signature cocktails. I had the vodka cobbler. Friendly service.BLUF:  Cool/hip/fancy/uptight atmosphere.  Good cocktails and good food.  I'd go back but I don't have to.
Went hear late on a Saturday around 10pm.  Plenty of tables for me and my wife.  We both got sazeracs.  It was a little sweeter than I like but it was definitely good.  They do have a large menu of cocktails, lots of liquors and wines but a mediocre beer selection.  
Then for food I got the burger and wifey got the octopus.  
The burger was really good and cooked exactly as I asked; medium rare.  The cheese ($2 extra) was mild and didnt add much to the burger but still good.  There is the option for bacon jelly for an additional $2 but I didnt get it.  $18 is enough for a burger.
The octopus was super interesting and good. No guessing what you are eating, the tentacles were large.  It came with curried potatoes and pickled onions.  It was very good.  Definitely not enough for a meal and it is expensive but a cool snack and fun to share.  
The place is very hip and dark and full of young professionals on the prowl.  Seemed like a good date place.  Very cool atmosphere; however, the music choice was very weird.  Bluegrass to zeplin to Seal to googoo dolls.  Seemed like it should have been just blues or jazz.  oh well, no big deal.
Very cool place and I would go again but it wasnt awesome enough to draw me back consistently.The location is incredible, the cocktails are delicious- the service could be greatly improved.Worst game day mimosa in town.  Give you half a glass with a splash of OJ for $8.  Horrible.- Drinks are well made but a little too pricey.
- sweet poutine: group agrees that this was incredible! Order at least two for a group
- Brussel sprouts: good, but nothing to write home about
-service: currently very slow. Been open two weeks
-atmosphere: low lit, easy going, cool
- squid ink: can't tell if they should be a hot or cold dish because they were served luke warm. Nothing to write home about.
- burgers: "it's alright" "not Company Burger" "I prefer five guys". Statements from the group. 7/8 ate the burger.
- octopus: it's good. Not large enough. Small plate disguised as a dinner.
- chicken wings: great dish
- plantain chips: enjoyed them but the group seems to be indifferent
We came with a group of 8 people.Hi, So I decided to check this place out at the suggestion of several friends who work in the area. I really enjoyed my cocktails, although I have had similar for cheaper in New Orleans.  I think if you are gonna come here and drink you better come during happy hour, otherwise too pricey. Then came the food, or lack thereof. I would not come here for the food, portions for what you pay are small, and quality and taste were lacking. Anything fried just tasted like burnt oil, maybe the cook was off the night I went. Come here for drinks only and during happy hour, otherwise spend your hard earned money at the many other New Orleans establishments.Disappointed. The website said opens for 10 for Sunday brunch. Well they said it does not open until 1030. Then the brunch menu from the website was not served and the menu they did serve was 8-10 dollars more expensive than we expected. But we continued on with the brunch and got the chicken and biscuits. The chicken was raw and we had to send it back! The other food was really good and we enjoyed it but overall experience was not worth the price.Love this place. This was the second time I have come here. More of a local joint and close to the CBD area.  I like the history behind it, the exposed brick, vibe and awesome patio.  The drinks are unique and the food too. I had the creole Nachos and don't think its your typical nachos.It had pork belly, cracklins, okra corn, beans, etc.  No Nacho chips! It was delicious. I will come here again when I visit NOLA. Glad I was introduced to this place the first time.I loved the shrimp and okra gumbo.  Extensive cocktail menu for happy hour.  We had both desserts, the strawberry short cake and Oreo beignets, and they were delicious. The service was excellent.The lunch menu is so limited (I think a total of 3-4 options) that it was difficult for anyone to decide on what to order - the burger, oxtail pot pie or shrimp toast, which two of three of us who ordered took one bite and found it to be just downright bad.   We were the only table there at lunch; one other group came in and sat down but looked at the menu and left. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the atmosphere was niceStewie and Kellie really made my Friday night! My gimlet was perfect and so was the conversation! Totes coming back!First off this place is gorgeous. Great job on design and lighting. The food is fantastic. Best chicken wings ever.  Octopus was amazing and I have no idea how they got it so tender. The craft drinks we had were great. Really nice staff. I would go back any time!We never would've found this on our own, but some friends stumbled upon it.  We are so glad they did!  The drinks were unbelievably spectacular. The food, though, was beyond that!  My crackling-crusted soft shell crab was possibly the most awesome thing I've ever eaten. Everyone in our group of 7 raved about their food from the Creole Nachos to the Burger to the ribs with street corn!  I will return on my next trip to NOLA!  Kudos to the chef!Stopped by to try some food in the new hood. Had the burger and the soft shell crab salad. Drinks are great and service was wonderful. Cool kind of creepy old house vibe.  My husbands burger was great and filling - he did say that they skimp on the tots, mainly because the dipping sauce is addictive!!!We stopped in to Cellar Door to have a bite to eat and a few drinks before a concert at the superdome. The happy hour specials are pretty reasonable.  I loved the green light cocktail, so refreshing.  The seating filled up really quickly, so I would recommend arriving a little early.  The food was okay.  The service was a little slow.  It wouldn't hurt to add a few more waiters.  I would go back for the cocktails alone.This was my first visit (likely the only one as I'm in from CA) and I cannot recommend the 
PULPO A LA PLANCHA [octopus, root puree, caper relish] enough. For those of you accustomed to sushi, put it out of your head, the octopus is grilled and more tender than you can imagine an octopus to be. The root purée presents as a savory cream sauce, and the caper relish looks to be a sautéed caper and onion affair. So f'ing good! Washed it down with a local blonde ale from #nolabrewingco.
The atmosphere is super chill on Sunday evening, certainly not #cellardoor busy time; but if you appreciate an opportunity to talk to your bartender and maybe get their suggestions (thank you, Tess), do it.Sigh - living in the neighborhood I really wanted to love this place...I truly did: yet, every time I've stopped in the service has been average at best. The cocktails have always been satisfying so for that reason I think it's deserving of at least 3 stars.
I'll give one example; but believe me I have several. So one afternoon; unbeknownst to my gf and I - we entered the bar ~15-20 mins before they opened. The door was unlocked so we walked in. Upon entering; several people behind the bar made eye contact with us & did not utter a word. So we proceed to make our way to a table.  Finally - upon pulling a chair out & sitting down...someone acknowledged us & it was ONLY to tell us they weren't open yet. Umm...thanks for the hospitality guys - would've been lovely if you let us know that when you saw us walk through the door. In my opinion; there are way more consistent & friendlier bars in the neighborhood.Not bad for nice drinks, but it didn't seem like they had many good happy hour deals on drinks,  which was a little disappointing.  And their kitchen closes before the bar (some source online told us it was open late for food,  which got our hopes up unfairly)Good location, cozy venue, good drinks, great service and a fantastic happy hour.
Their happy hour runs from 4-7 pm with both drink and food specials! It is an old, clean, cozy venue. They have seating outdoor as well if you choose to do so with a small courtyard.
Normally their cocktails are $12, and beers start around $5 and go up. The specialty cocktail I ordered (Rosemary's Baby) was refreshing.
Service was great. They gave me an extra beer that they accidentally poured. And they gave us popcorn even after the kitchen was closed because we told them how hungry we were.Ambiance was awesome, service was fantastic, especially for one server running the whole restaurant. I had the beef cheeks, very flavorful with a nice slow heat. The lady had the jerk shrimp which were cooked perfectly, and the coconut sticky rice was a really nice compliment. Great date spot. Doooo it!!Great spot with awesome cocktails and good. Used to be a brothel. Friendly servers, great decor. You can sit on some plush couches and chat with friends while enjoying a mealThe coolest thing about this place is the place itself. Such a wonderful building with tons of nooks and crannies and character in droves. It's artistic without being pretentious. Everyone can feel comfortable and hip. The drink menu is solid, with a combination of classic cocktails and some exciting new concoctions. I had two of the new drinks-one mezcal one bourbon. They were both pretty good. I also had the pork belly and brussel sprout small dish. As single bites, the sprouts were not quite charred enough for my taste and the pork belly wasn't seared quite hard enough, but eaten together, in one bite, the whole thing really worked. I enjoyed my time here, and would come back, for sure.We hosted a private event for 200 people, and this was a great venue. Rachel was so easy to work with and accommodating to our many requests. The building has a ton of charm and has a couple different rooms to choose from. Definitely recommend for events!Very cool place to grab cocktails, we didn't get to try the food yet (menu looks amazing though) but the bartender Mike really spent his time making our drinks and was extremely knowledgable and very friendly.  The atmosphere was very unique compared to other places like this in New Orleans, will def be back!This place was awesome!  Wonderful ambience, a true New Orleans gem.   The service was outstanding.  The friendly owner Greg was so kind and accommodating to us.  We only went for drinks, but the menu looks amazing and I can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner.  I would recommend this place to other locals, and I'd definitely bring out-of-town friends here - this is the kind place you'll only find in NOLA!The cocktail was delicious, the atmosphere was fine, and the food was pretty tasty. But the service was atrocious! Individually, these issues seem minor, but all together they really ruined our dinner. We weren't greeted at the door, we were brought the wrong drinks and then had to go ask the bartender for a beer glass, when we got our appetizer (edamame hummus) we had to wait 10 minutes for silverware, it took over an hour for our entrees, and there wasn't an excuse or apology anywhere. Maybe they were short staffed but they should at least acknowledge the situation of that's the case.Very nice, hip kind of place to have wine.  In tried the burger and fries, it was good, the burger was very juicy.  The place is kind of small, we with the courtyard, it fills up fast.I came here randomly one night and absolutely fell in love with it. The atmosphere is really cool feel like you're going back in time. The bar staff and manager were very accommodating on what drink I should pick and appetizers to order. Everything was so good I will be back.Great cool restaurant and bar. Friendly staff and excellent service! The menu offers great specials and the chef comes out to greet patrons!Love this place for happy hour. Great vibe and atmosphere. Sat at the bar a couple of times and had great conversation with the bartender on cocktails.  Drinks listed in chronological order and I love a wine list that has wines I've never tried. Scallop dish was very good!!This review is only for their special brunch pre-game event.
My friend recommended a charity event Cellardoor put on for Sunday morning before the Saints game. The admission price included food and an open bar for a few hours in their upstairs space. The space was a good size and had a small balcony with some tables to enjoy the nice weather. The open bar was nice but limited to a pre-set menu. Unfortunately, they ran out of items throughout the event which further limited our options. I was a bit surprised they ran out of champagne when mimosas are on the menu... but you just roll with it. The drinks themselves were good. The food they provided was also very delicious. They prepared it as a buffet style with salad, gumbo and rice and chicken and biscuits to start. Later on they added a few different side options but kept the entrees the same. Thankfully they were good about restocking the food so our group didn't go hungry. 
Overall, their pre-game Sunday brunch event was a hit! Definitely worth checking out if you're a saints fan and looking for a good deal. But I would recommend getting there early because seating space was limited.What a great hidden cocktail bar! It's tucked away from the main touristy area but still a close enough walk from all the hotels on Poydras. Wonderful cocktail menu with everything fresh and delicious. A few nice areas to sit and talk as well as a small outside courtyard with some lanterns to enjoy your drinks.I have been traveling to NO monthly for 15 years and this is one of my favorite little NOLA gems.  Cellar Door feels traditional and new modern all at the same time.  The atmosphere is quaint and cozy with a most delightful courtyard.  They have perfectly crafted cocktails and I have never been disappointed by the food.  I still think about that crispy tofu appetizer I had a few months back.  I honestly never thought I would say that about tofu.  I always recommend Cellar Door to family and friends traveling to NOLA.The food lacked a little umph but the cocktail i had was superb. 
Poke- lacking a little spice and salt a little bland but the seaweed and bit of tartness were what made it satisfying. 
Octopus- came a little cold but the flavors were brilliant. 
Old fashioned- i love rum but the creaminess that the banana liqueur gave it along with the finishing spice from the Jamaican bitters tied everything together.just tried the drinks and one appetizer here so far. very good
love the atmosphere
checked the menu out, really want to come back. has a lot of filipino influence and found out the chef is filipino. if you like to try different things try the shrimp okay 
cracklings were yummmm.This is a beautiful building, on the exterior and interior, that beckons you to investigate it with an elegant and understated small sign framed by dancing gas lights which tempt you to investigate this slightly mysterious establishment.  Unfortunately once you enter you discover that they have marred the interior with artwork that doesn't really fit the New Orleans soul of the building (the art is mainly drawn from "contemporary British artists" who have no connection to New Orleans).  Further disappointment is found in that the focus on everything here is small and limited.   
CellarDoor has an exceptionally small menu with very limited offerings of both food and drink.  Their website describes that, "CellarDoor is best described by its creators as a conceptual work of art.  Conceptual art, also referred to as 'idea art,' is based on the notion that the idea is more important than the end result." I must heartily disagree as results are ALL that matter in the real world and only offering 6 beers (one of them non-alcoholic), 4 white wines, 4 red wines etc. is not a good result.  The food menu is also very small and the choices are best described as... "interesting" but not always in a good way.  New Orleans is a city of excess and severely limiting my choices with inadequate service does not bring me bliss or create a good end result for my bar or restaurant experience.  
Overall this is yet another attempt at a gastropub, or as CellarDoor describes it "gastro-lounge," and for the most part I've not been a fan of of this new trend in establishments offering small menus of food and drink along with inflated prices and pretentious snack food. This will be a place for those that need their fancy craft cocktails to sip while they eat a tiny snack but it just isn't the type of establishment that I enjoy.  The building is a five star while the food, drink, service and artwork hover around a 1 or 2 for me.  The only New Orleans thing about this place is the building and once you get past that the rest could be anywhere else in the world as it seems to have no connection to New Orleans other than the stage upon which the rest is set.
For those that are fans of places such as Bellocq, Bouligny Tavern and Cure this will definitely be your type of environment.
I do like the building and location so I hope they get out of their initial opening unrealistic dreamland and wake up back to the reality that their results are all we can judge them by.I'm still a fan of the CellarDoor, but the service could use some work.  I've been here three or so times now, each during a different night, and every time we've had issues with the service.  Last night was by far the worst - I get that it was after White Linen Night and it was really busy but we had to ask someone for everything. We asked for menus, for our waitress, to order, then to check on our order, and for our check. She only came by once and asked us if we needed anything.  
Again, it was really busy, and I only remember seeing two or three people working there - so maybe they need some additional servers. Overall, I still like going there and will continue to go, but I will definitely be giving myself some extra time since it can take so long.Great bar in a great building in a great neighborhood. This is truly a hole in the wall as you can easily miss it if you don't pay attention to your surroundings. However, the bar is located in the business district, so you won't have to worry about the drama that happens in the French quarters. The happy hour is good for a bar located in the area it's in: $5 off classic cocktails, 1/2 off all wine bottles on Wednesdays, among other specials. 
The food was great as well. I had an order of brussels sprouts and chicken wings during happy hour. The brussels sprouts were well cooked and seasoned, and the wings were very crispy and was glazed with a honey type of sauce. Reasonable price for the location and quality.
Ambience-wise, the place is great. If you need fresh air there's a great outdoor patio in the back. And, if you get too cold or hot you can just go into the bar which is dimmed light and has a very classic touch to it.Awesome service, atmosphere, drinks and food.  Had a blast!!!  I am going to come here every time I am in New Orleans.Five stars for ambiance, cocktails, and potential. Four stars for execution at this early date. 
As of the date and time of this review, CellarDoor has been officially open for exactly two days. Considering that fact, the previous reviewer seems too eager to base an evaluation on peculiar personal tastes and cling to inappropriate expectations. A more reasonable customer might agree with the following reply:
1) The building's interior and exterior are undoubtedly beautiful, intriguing, and seductive. 
2) The displayed art reflects the tastes and designs of proprietors and, I'm sure, many others. Most would probably consider it a tasteful juxtaposition. I think it adds complexity and dimension to the space which is not intended to be a period museum or the set of a movie depicting the 19th century. To criticize a bar/restaurant because its art isn't "New Orleans" enough or compliant with the tastes of a particular individual is myopic or, if you prefer, silly. Isn't the point of art to make you think, imagine, and experience the world anew? 
3) The kitchen provides a sampling of delicious small plates and other gourmet snacks perfectly in keeping with the scale and style of the operation. Likewise, the wine and beer selection fits the mold. This isn't a wine bar or beer garden, it's a gastrolounge!
4) The cocktail menu provides a selection of delicious drinks covering the spectrum of craft cocktail genres. The classic choices are faithfully and excellently made, and the modern concoctions are exquisite and may become your new favorites. In particular, try the Drink of Laughter and Forgetting. Furthermore, with a bar stocked with quality and fresh ingredients and a top-notch bartender, you can have anything you want. 
If you're thinking like the previous reviewer, go somewhere that better suits your narrow fancy. If you try this place out anyway, for God's sake, please don't sit next to me.
If you like the idea of a historical, sexily intriguing environment in which to taste, imbibe, and luxuriate, look no further.Great atmosphere, good drinks, great happy hour. Joletta took great care of us. Would definitely come when in town next.Just a little off the beaten path but 5 stars for atmosphere, attention to detail and care. 
Fun thoughtful staff. Excellent spot to relax after a long day or to have a romantic evening. Extra points for being open late.This place became our go-to bar on our trip. And we kept coming back because of our waitress, Britney. Basically the coolest waitress in town, she is incredibly kind, attentive, and has an awesome attitude. This bar was the perfect atmosphere to lounge, drink, and share small plates with good  company. Ask for Britney!Girls weekend away and we wanted to experience a local restaurant with a true NOLA feel. We chose correctly! Historic building, great waitress, great prices and delicious food! Our table ordered lemon pepper fries, pork belly with Brussel  sprouts, Mexican street corn and burgers. Oh my! Worth our time, money and experienceI would imagine a place with so much history, would be better at picking it's bartenders. It was an average Friday night, I approached the bar and requested two sazeracs. The bartender proceeded to make everything in glass cup. As she poured the last ingredient, she was greeted, by what seemed to be some friends, and left the glass full of ice and spirits unattended. About 4-5 minutes passed, or enough time to start to see the melted ice diluting down the mixture.  She later attempted to pour these as a drinkable sazeracs.Nonsuspecting dining experience extraordinaire. Cajun fusion in a comfy environ with a new vibe feel. Definitely a must for anyone seeking a unique eatery.We enjoyed the honey drizzled sweet poutine. I would have liked a bit more Brie with this dish. The sweet salty taste of the chips was excellent. We also tried the Brussels sprouts, which were roasted and doused in a coconut sauce resulting in an unusual, tasty mix of flavors. Attentive service and cool, exposed brick setting.Really great bartender and servers, awesome cheese plate with a great combination of flavors. Only negative was that there was a REALLY loud party of four near us,that kind of spoiled the fun. Lovely atmosphere, sorry we missed the happy hour!I emailed ahead for a reservation and according to the website they're supposed to confirm with you within 24 hours. That didn't happen, so I called the morning of and the phone rang forever until someone finally picked up. They confirmed the reservation, so ok. 
The food was just ok - as was the service. My friend asked the server to describe the bread for one of the items and the server had a hard time describing it. Even said, "I can go back in the kitchen and have them describe it for me?" . A server should be able to describe the menu items appropriately. It made it seem like she'd never even seen the sandwich before. The tuna tartar, which we'd ordered as an appetizer, came out with our entrees, and it was mostly comprised of avocados and very little tuna. For $ 18 there should be more than 2 chunks of tuna. They brought my burger out before my friend's sandwich. Oh, and they were out of the fried green tomato sandwich, even though we were the first customers of the day. I got a burger that was decent, and my friend got a chicken sandwich that she said was "good". It took a long time for the server to come and pick up our credit cards. I had been here one other time for Happy Hour and the service then was alright, and the drinks were fine. I don't think I'll ever visit again for a meal, however.Cool place. Great drinks. Beautiful, old building. My boyfriend and I came here and drank old fashioned's and they were excellent.We stopped in tonight for dinner. I had no idea this place existed until a friend mentioned it. It wasn't packed, we got right in with four in our party. The atmosphere was really cool, trendy, but old New Orleans style. We had a burger, the tartare, wild mushroom chicken liver pate, and burgers. Everything was really good. Our waiter was very attentive and provided great service. I'd definitely go back and recommend if you are looking for a cool little place off the beaten path with really good atmosphere and good food.By far the best food yet. Lots of Filipino/Asian inspired dishes. Everything went seamlessly together. Great menu!!!! 
We tried the lemongrass Brussels sprouts, karaage wings, sisig (more like traditional adobo with an raw egg in the hot plate/pan) and clams masala. Didn't care for the masala too much. Loved the Brussels sprouts great flavor, great texture and perfectly cooked! "Sisig" was very good had a few peppercorns left in the dish but expected....some may not like that little bitter surprise.
Turon was hot, light(er) and good.
Great food, strong drinks, great place,  perfectly priced. 
Oh one more thing! Nicest server in New Orleans by far!!! Sadey V!On Feb 22nd, my girlfriend and I visit this quaint establishment being that it is a convenient two minute walk from our residence. The first visit went pretty well as it was early in the evening and we were the only people at the bar. We eaten dinner earlier and decided to stop here for drinks before heading back home. The décor was great and the drinks were memorable. Thought it was very cool to have such a nice low key establishment so close to our home. 
A couple of weeks later (Mar 7th) we decided to attempt dinner. The place was very crowded but a hostess was able to quickly seat us at a table for two.  Being that I been living downtown New Orleans for quite some time now, I learned a habit of having the appetizers and entries ready for order when the waiter first introduce his/her self and ready to take out drink orders. You will find this saves a tremendous amount of time during your dining experience, especially when you have a waiter you have to chase down to take your order. 
Our waitress was very kind and sweet as we ordered 1 appetizer, 2 entries, and 1 drink. This was the start of our downhill opinion of a place my we were hoping to become regular patrons. The one drink we ordered came about 20 minutes later, which isn't too bad considering we saw how busy the bar was when we walked through the doors. I am a pretty patient person, but my patience ran out during our long wait for our appetizer. After at least 45 minutes have gone by with no appetizer in sight, apologies from the waitress for the wait and offers of complimentary champagne, I was fed up. The entries arrived before the appetizer a full hour after being ordered. My lady and I were very disappointed, the kind waitress was embarrassed, and the long overdue lukewarm food was forgetful. Don't think we will be visiting or recommending this place anytime soon unless you are simply going for a drink when there isn't anyone else there.This was easily one of the best restaurants (if not the best) we ate at while in New Orleans. The BLT salad was DIVINE. The pork belly in the salad was perfection with the creamy dressing. My mom ordered the muscles and frites and said they were the best she'd ever had. The Thai flavors added a nice surprise and the lemon pepper fries added a nice tings of salt. I had the burger with a side of Mexican street corn instead of fries. The street corn was FANTASTIC. Like seriously so good-get a side regardless of what you're ordering, it's so worth it.This place was amazing! Great wine selection and the food was delicious. The restaurant/bar had a great feel to it making it casual enough to be comfortable but the food elevated enough to feel fancy ;)Lame,  they told us to be quiet twice and we were the only ones here.  Service super slow and rude.Place was great for 3 hours, then the " minority owner/head bartender" was the rudest person I've ever encountered in the service industry. Atmosphere was wonderful but completely ruined by horrible customer service.The ambience was great for a low key romantic date. The waitress and bartender were extremely pleasant. The burger was spectacular it came with a fried egg. Also Brussel sprouts came with great pork belly. I did not care for the lime flavor on the fries. I felt it was a bit strong. Also the salad appetizer all came out at the same time. Don't get me wrong it was all hot and delicious but better timing would have been nice. Overall an A+What a wonderful place this is, hands down 5 stars. Not sure why other reviews didn't think this deserved the 5 stars. Keep it up, if I ever return to NOLA again I will be back here.Kelley took great care of us. Best Manhattan and old fashion :) no nonsense, great place.Nice looking place but that's it . Had a couple of drinks , they were not good , very small , weak and over priced. The wings we had were very good and the burgers were not . The service was probably the worse I have ever encountered , it took forever to get drinks and our food and the seemed in a really bad mood for some reason . There are a million restaurants in the city that are far better than the Cellar Door .Only popped in for a drink, but I'd love to eat here. The atmosphere is great! Staff was attentive. Seems like a great place!An A-OK experience last weekend at The CellarDoor gastropub---half the fun was meeting the amazingly friendly and intelligent server. worth the drive from baton rouge!!I live next door and was really excited to see such a unique bar/restaurant open in my neighborhood. I have been there several times, and each time I have the same experience: blown away by the design/vibe, but sorely disappointed in the wait staff, food and pricing. 
I went there for dinner last Friday and the pricing is in the same category as a La Petite Grocery, however it is greatly unjustified. The menu appears to be very interesting, but once the food comes out you question why they are allowed to charge $30 a plate. The waitress seemed like she was from a different planet and was confused every time we asked for something- like silverware, or another glass of wine. We waited forever for our (overpriced) bill and left annoyed. The next night we went in just for a drink with a friend. We were seated right away, then waited for someone to come over for our order. After being ignored for a while we left. 
I hate to write a negative review on this place because it has so much potential and would be a go to place, but management seriously needs to clean house with their wait staff and adjust their pricing. Until then, I will take my business elsewhere.Great place with great drinks! Came here for cocktails after dinner with a group of six. You enter thru an alley into a Super cool space with great decor and speakeasy vibe. I really loved the old movies that were being projected on the exposed brick walls. They also have a nice outdoor seating area for hanging out.I am updating my review since a couple of bad visits to the bar. Management has changed and everything is much better. 
I  absolutely love the setting of this bar. It's old and atmospheric. The building is historic and even has a gas light lamp outside. The bar is dimly lit and which gives it a relaxed vibe. The staff is nice and I hear the food is great. I'm looking forward to going for dinner and having and after dinner cocktail.This is one of my top 5 favorite spots in New Orleans. The atmosphere is great. It's beautiful and cozy with great music. The service was also really great. The only negative is that the food is not the best and can be pricey.I visited CellarDoor as one stop of my self-guided cocktail tour of NOLA recently. Note when I say 'cocktail', I'm not referring to the sticky-sweet alcoholic slushies they sell on Bourbon Street, I mean real cocktails, crafted with care and attention, and these guys certainly deliver.
We stopped by around 9pm on a Monday, and the place was empty, we sidled up to the bar, which was quite cozy, and we talked to the bartender. He asked what sort of flavor profiles we were interested in, and what followed was a dazzling display of fire, ice, rinses, muddling, and preeetttyyy much every technique in the book. The result was sublime cocktails, a treat for sure. I'd tell you what they were, so you could try them as well, but I'm sure they were one-offs. We would've stayed for a second (or third, or fourth, or...) but unfortunately they were nearing closing time, and we had to make our way on to the next stop.
I can't speak for the food as I did not try any of it, but as a cocktail bar, this is a must-stop location in my book.Right up my alley! Excellent craft cocktails, laid back ambience, and a beautiful rustic industrial decor.I am in love with Cellar Door.  This place is swanky, sleek, sexy.
Speakeasyesk.  Down one narrow gate on an alley way. Exposed brick, velvet couch, sky high ceilings, rustic wood.  
Creative drink menu, amazing food.  Brussel sprouts made of heaven.  Popcorn of your dreams drizzled with honey and rosemary.  
I almost dont want to let the secret out...  
By 5 there isnt a seat in the house.  Get there quick and get there fast.1st time here and the experience was GREAT! I'm all about customer service AWESOME! Christian and Exec Chef Tom were very hospitable. Not to mention the food was really good. The tofu and hot sauce ?! Thanks Tom! You're the bomb lolWarm environment, when I was sitting here I felt like I was at home.  I wish there had been more to choose on the menu, but the wings were delicious.  Would recommend for drinks but not for the food.So far my experience here has been pretty disappointing but first I'll share the positives:
~ the wait staff, sweet friendly and accommodating 
~ ambiance, old rustic trendy and I loved it
~ cocktails, strong and tasty
Negatives:
~ I ordered the clams masala. A woman had it sitting close by me and it looked amazing so I got it. It arrived and I started eating and then realized that there were about 9 total and 2 of the 9 were closed. It was pretty much a 1/8 of a meal and portion for clams. I was very disappointed and told the waitress and she said that they would quickly take care of it. It tasted good, but it was a ridiculous 18 dollar "entree" portion, and I've never been served multiple closed clams. Sounds like the chefs were being lazy and moving too quickly, which for a half empty restaurant is entirely unacceptable. With more clams I was finally able to finish my meal but it was tainted and the portion was offensive. Mussels in the gulf coast should be killer and served in a heaping bowl... 
Please be careful with your food! You have such an excellent support staff and bar staff... Chefs, please take notice!to the owners of cellar door, we had great service b/c the waitress was a friend of one of the people I was sitting with. We ordered wine which one can not screw up on. The cocktails yes, it did have a slice of the white part of the lemon, not the yellow zest, and what you said to me privately was inaccurate.This is such a cool spot! I hear it's one of the oldest brothels in New Orleans, which I would love to do more research about. The vibe is sexy, cool, and casually sophisticated. I love the bar, which has lots to explore, and also the front seating area that is adorned with really great local art and dim lighting. The chandelier is beautiful also, and really owns the room quite well. The patio is another great spot, with cool views of the New Orleans night sky, and offers an awesome backdrop for pictures. Vintage, sexy, cool. Love it.This place was in an odd spot, tucked away with nothing around. But it was amazing. The food was very good I had the shrimp n grits and they were delicious. I was a little disappointed with the beer selection our server said they were out of a lot of things but it didn't seem like they were a very busy restaurant. I'm young so the heavy metal music and decor was right up my alley, but for someone more conservative you might not want to be headbanging while sipping your cocktails.Cute interior. Interesting menu. But don't be fooled by the "cool" projector projecting silent movies. 
The way they executed service is where it all went wrong. First, we were seated. Ok. 
I ordered a green light cocktail and the edamame hummus. About 20 minutes later my cocktail and appetizer came. I wondered why my drink took so long and little did I know that it was simply a warning on what was to come. 
It took about another 8 minutes for them to get us a napkin and silverware after I asked. Maybe the waitresses were high, but they acted like incompetent thirteen year olds. The worst. 
I felt like I had done something wrong. My boyfriend assured me I had done nothing wrong.
Our food came out, just I had finally gotten what I needed to start on the app. Needless to say, I was slightly more annoyed now. 
I had ordered a burger medium rare. In all honesty it was completely rare, more like uncooked and inedible. Maybe the chef was also high? 
So I sat there for a good fifteen minutes with an uneaten glob of pink meat in front of me. Delicious. Fortunately, my boyfriend ordered medium so he was safe.
Our waitress finally came back (perhaps noticing my unhappy face) made a face herself, and said "wow that looks uncooked." No shit Einstein. 
She promptly took it away and asked, almost inaudibly, if I liked champagne. Uh yes, but I was more interested in dinner? 
I shook my head and asked for the check. She came back, charging me for the app, my drink, and my boyfriend's burger. 50 bucks. 
I really wanted to talk to the manager, but my boyfriend assured me it wasn't worth it. 
I was pretty angry at this point, and failed to realize she did not return my credit card with the check! 
So all in all, do not go here until they get competent waitstaff/ chef.I will start this off saying it wasnt terrible. Went there for dinner and my wife ordered the vegetarian option. This is listed on the menu as "vegetarian option: produce". When the waitress was asked, she said, "the vegetarian option is vegetables". We asked her to clarify and she explained that it is mixed vegetables in broth. This sounds like vegetable soup. It in fact was worse than soup in that it was spicy water with steamed vegetables half of which were brussels sprouts. This was not even a heaping bowl of vegetables. Rather just a meager portion in spicy water. They had a tasty brussels sprout side dish we had already ordered so not sure why they couldnt have more vegetable options in the spicy water dish. This was the only vegetarian main on the  menu so it was super disappointing. I had a burger which was pretty tasteless and came literally with just meat on a bun with cheese (which was an extra charge). Had I not gotten $3 cheese, this probably would have been a 1 star review. The drinks were also meh. We had old fashions which were mostly ice. Again, the brussels sprouts were good but lets get over that fad. The ambience was ok...better for drinks with friends than a dinner. Overall there are much better food options in New Orleans and from the one drink I had, probably better bars.Hidden Gem, cool atmosphere, great cocktails! Have to return to try the cuisine! Definitely on our radar as a fashionably place to dine!First of all this place was recommended by The Taste of Gluttony and apparently since then they had change the chef. I was really disappointed in many reasons. We basically ordered what they had on the menu from crushed red fish to ribs and mussels. All I can say they do exaggerate on putting salt on their dishes that we never even touch the fries.All the dish is super salty. The most disappointing part was the Mun-cheese board, it's nothing but slices of bread, cashew not with some seeet syrup, slices kitkat, cheese, popcorn and beef jerky $30. I could have gone to Walgreens and made my own for more less than that. I would say I'm not impressed. One star for the staff service effort who keep saying " that's a very good one " on every dish while taking our order " which I wish that he was right.At first we were concerned that Cellar Door has more than a few bad reviews, mostly for service, but we were both glad we went anyway.  We set up a reservation online for 7:30 on a Friday evening, and even though we arrived a little early were sat immediately.  Our poor server had a cast on her wrist, which must have made her job a bit more difficult, but she was very attentive and nice.  We started off with the wings, which was a new experience, as they are stuffed with rice and drizzled with a sweet sauce.  My partner ordered the beef cheeks sisig, and it was amazing.  Full of flavor and well presented.  I ordered the shrimp and grits, but was disappointed that the grits were very watery and my meal seemed more a soup than anything else.  We finished with cafe sua da affogato, which was a bowl of hot cream, and two cookies which were densely packed with poppy seeds.  Not my thing, but maybe great to someone else.  My partner had his first sazerac which he really enjoyed, and I had a rye whisky that tasted as if it had been cut with water.  Overall the atmosphere was great, the service was pretty good, and the food had a lot of potential, when prepared correctly. I would probably only consider going back if other places in the area are full.Cellardoor is a great neighborhood establishment. I recently moved to New Orleans and have found the staff to be extremely welcoming, fun and did I mention, they serve the most amazing drinks. Christiny is a great bartender and makes delicious cocktails. I highly recommend it for anyone who is seeking anything from an intimate evening with a special someone to a night at the local hot spot.So far my experience here has been pretty disappointing but first I'll share the positives:
~ the wait staff, sweet friendly and accommodating 
~ ambiance, old rustic trendy and I loved it
~ cocktails, strong and tasty
Negatives:
~ I ordered the clams masala. A woman had it sitting close by me and it looked amazing so I got it. It arrived and I started eating and then realized that there were about 9 total and 2 of the 9 were closed. It was pretty much a 1/8 of a meal and portion for clams. I was very disappointed and told the waitress and she said that they would quickly take care of it. It tasted good, but it was a ridiculous 18 dollar "entree" portion, and I've never been served multiple closed clams. Sounds like the chefs were being lazy and moving too quickly, which for a half empty restaurant is entirely unacceptable. With more clams I was finally able to finish my meal but it was tainted and the portion was offensive. Mussels in the gulf coast should be killer and served in a heaping bowl... 
Please be careful with your food! You have such an excellent support staff and bar staff... Chefs, please take notice!One of the best happy hour menus in the city! The quality of food and the price of it can't be beat. I also enjoy there drinks, however one of their waitress was extremely rude and I felt as if she profiled me. She asked me to pay for my food before it came? I had been to the Cellar Door numerous times and that had never happened. So I felt a certain way in regards to that. The food tho... like I said the happy hour menu is great!!! Must try the street corn, bussels and the ribs!Favorite happy hour in the city. Unbelievable food for a fair price. The Chef is an alum of Commanders Palace and it shows. The building itself might've  been my favorite part. Located 4 blocks from the Superdome, Cellardoor was built in the city's last operating brothel which closed in the 1850s. Everything was classy, elegant and sexy (especially the executive chef ) and the lighting gave a great ambiance. Cocktails were made with care and the bartenders gave us a to do list while we were visiting. If I lived in Nola year round this would be my go to place.First off restaurant is located in a beautifully restored building. Great ambiance. The food is fantastic and the drinks are equally as good. Come here with friends and have a good time. I'm sure it's gonna blow up soon and become very difficult to get in to.The ambience was great for a low key romantic date. The waitress and bartender were extremely pleasant. The burger was spectacular it came with a fried egg. Also Brussel sprouts came with great pork belly. I did not care for the lime flavor on the fries. I felt it was a bit strong. Also the salad appetizer all came out at the same time. Don't get me wrong it was all hot and delicious but better timing would have been nice. Overall an A+
Update: The happy hour burger and brew has gone up a few dollars. Also last time we were able to substitute the brew and use it towards a preferred beverage... this time not quite as accommodating.We came here on the first night of our stay in beautiful New Orleans, and I'm so glad that this was our first impression. We weren't super hungry and we both wanted a drink, so we shared an order of the Blue Crab Gnocchi and each had our own drinks and I swear, it was exactly what we needed. The building itself was gorgeous and it was especially enchanting at night. Our waitress was so sweet and on our second visit, when asked, she gave us a list of local things to do and places to go.The owner is a great guy. His name was Greg. He spoke with me for a bit as I waited outside for my party and was very friendly. Recommended me options and the works. This is a very nice place for casual nights out with group of friends or a nice date. Pricing is moderate and the food quantity isn't as much as I would have liked but it was still good eating (granted, I just got a burger and fries so yeah, only so much quantity you can get with that). Delicious food though. Oreo beignets were delicious though I didn't really taste the Oreos except in one beignet...still delicious beignets though. Great service. I look forward to returning with a group of friends in the future.CellarDoor is one of my favorite go-to's in NOLA.  Off the beaten path, very chill, fabulous food!!! Great service!!! A bar that feels welcoming and unpretentious but still very sophisticated and hip as does the restaurant.  Extra cool historic house with atmosphere like no other.  You just want to hang out and take it all in after a long day at the office.  Bring your business here....  you won't be disappointed!!!Food: Overpriced for what you get. If I have to ask for salt and lemons for more flavor, it's not a good thing. My friend and I ordered the tuna tartare and wild mushroom chicken liver pate for starters and clams masala for our main dish. Between the 2 of us and these 3 dishes, we couldn't finish them. Lots of carbs accompanying the dishes so that's why we couldn't finish. I liked the clams the most out of the 3 dishes. Disappointed with the tuna tartare - abundant avocados but lacking in flavor.
Service & ambiance: Service was fine. She was attentive enough and friendly. I really liked the atmosphere and decor. Cozy, dim lighting gives it a romantic vibe, rustic, and charming. I like that this restaurant is tucked inside a historic building in the heart of New Orleans and they did a good job preserving the historic charm.
By the way, we were charged an additional $1 each for "open bottle" for our 2 glasses of wine. Not sure what that was about... we should've asked our server about it. We decided that it's not a big deal since it was only $1 but I'm sure it would add up if you're being charged $1 for each drink.
Overall, I wish I liked my food more, especially for what we paid. I enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant, but it's not enough to compel me to return anytime soon.Very nice atmosphere for a small/intimate bar. My girlfriend lives around the corner. We've been looking for a place classier than happy's and cheaper than the Roosevelt. 
They have a nice small cocktail menu with interesting and well made drinks. They have a small menu with many interesting culinary experiences. 
I look forward to coming back often.Eh- Bartenders on this particular night were slow, rude, and snobby. Drinks were good.  I ordered a corn in the cup app. It was ok. In Texas, corn in a cup is $1.50 and it blows Cellar Door's version out of the water. Somewhat close. Definitely no cigar. I'll give them another chance b/c the cocktail waitresses were extremely friendly and attentive. Don't sit at the bar.One of the best French 75's in the city. This is a unique and intimate little bar and restaurant with a patio. They have a great happy hour with one of the best loaded burgers in the city. Normally it's $18 but during happy hour you get a brew and burger for $15. The waitress was even nice enough to sub a glass of wine for my brew. I love bringing visitors here or just stopping by after work. 
Update: they increased the burger and brew deal $18 and changed it to tin roof only.Very cool place and unlike anything in the area!  Highly recommend it.Excellent! Wow the food is fabulous! Service is great. The cocktails are perfectly crafted, the ambiance is cozy and intimate, and the place itself has lots of character and history ("possibly the single oldest "house" remaining in downtown New Orleans"). This is a great place. Chic and modern a perfect place to enjoy some cocktails with your significant other or with a couple of close friends. 
If you get a chance to visit this very cool place make sure to try the crackling encrusted redfish, the pork belly brussel sprouts, and for dessert the strawberry shortcake! They are all out of this world! I definitely recommend this place.Ages ago Sporting House was located here.  There wasn't anything else in the city like it.   CellarDoor continues that in a completely different fashion.  It's swanky chic with inovative cocktails and food.  Whether you're looking for a happy hour spot or a special place to take you're sweetie, CellarDoor delivers to both.  A definite must is the fried chicken skins.  Yes!!  You read that right.  They cut to the chase with this dish.  I rave about them all of the time.  If you havent been here there's no good reason not to.So happy to find this bar.  In a historic building and our bartender was able to give us the history.  She also gave us a tour and introduced us to the cat...super friendly.  Had amazing old fashions.The best thing this place has to offer is definitely the lounge atmosphere and patio area. However the food is overpriced and they charge for coke refills. How petty do you have to be to charging for soda refills? that kind of penny counting turns me off to a restaurant. It's not like everything else is reasonably priced, this place is pretentious. I I had the oxtail pot pie and the flavor profile was good although there wasn't much crust. We sat in the patio and the service was bad, had to wait long periods to be served even drinks and the place was not full. All in all the atmosphere is the best part of this restaurant.This place is a huge success on every front: food, cocktails, service and ambience! The bartender made a specialty cocktail at my request and created the best Saint Germaine cocktail I've ever had. The sweet poutine and the adobo glazed wings were amazing and the service was flawless! It brought in a great after work/Saints pre game crowd that made for a really fun atmosphere. The building and the decor are perfect-Cellar Door is exactly what the CBD was missing!Great service and awesome duck wings. The scallops and steak were so good. One of my favorite places in NOLA. It's eclectic but who isn't!The only redeeming quality of this establishment was our server. He was extremely attentive and welcoming, but the food was overly spicy and not at all what I expected. If you enjoy overly spicy flavors, this may be for you, but I was not pleased with the prices nor the taste of the cuisine. Overall, lovely atmosphere, great place for a unique yet casual expensive drink or small plate.My coworkers and I stumbled upon this place while we were looking for a cute place to eat lunch. Luckily, they started serving lunch the same week we were looking for lunch.
I ordered the burger, Fries, and some Brussels sprouts for the table.
Oh my lord - the flavor is delicious! One of my top hamburger places now (and y'all know how much I love a good burger!)
Make sure to stop by the place for lunch or dinner - the menu is great.Tourists beware. I've been twice and had 2 very different experiences. The first time was great. Strong drinks, nice bartender, etc. The 2nd time wasn't so good. The bartender gave me my check for 2 drinks and it was over $50.. when I questioned him about it, he was rude and told me he must have put the wrong rum on there. No apology whatsoever.. I think this was a ploy to screw over tourists and for them to make a little extra money. I'm local and had been there before, so I knew better. Always watch your receipts and charges!Love this hole in the wall. Reminds me of grandmas house. Creaky wooden floors, high ceilings, and vintage decor. My friends and I sat at the bar for some mid day cocktails and were given excellent service by John and Stuey. John never missed a beat making drinks and engaged in conversation with us the entire time. All we ordered was some lemon pepper fries, so I can't speak on the food, but we will certainly be back.What I like most about this place is the ambiance. I love that its small and dimly lit. What I wasn't too crazy about were the drinks. Now, taste wise they were awesome, but I drank 3 (expensive) drinks on an empty stomach and didn't even catch a good buzz. Maybe I went on an off night so I would be willing to try again since I do love the place and the service was on point.The moment you see the Cellar Door, you know you've found something special. With the entrance setting up a cozy atmosphere, walking into the restaurant gives you a sense of appeal and is complimented by the choice of music.
I happened to dine in early and alone so the wait was negligible and the service excellent. I choose the Swoop Duggins burger which was recommended with an amazing onion jam. Served with the burger were tater tots and ketchup as well as a spicy sauce of the restaurants creation that is incredibly complementary to both and has a nice spicy kick.
Would definitely recommend to couples and singles and there seemed space for larger parties as well. Come here for a nice small restaurant with great food.CellarDoor showed up when I googled restaurants near by so we decided to give it a shot.  The area it's located in is low key and quiet with not a lot of foot traffic, a much different atmosphere than near the French Quarter.  Not your typical restaurant either; no host and not really traditional style dining seating.  It consists of several rooms with smaller sized tables and unique architecture, fitting to the time the building was built.  We arrived in time for happy hour and got reasonably priced drinks with appetizers which were great.  When it came to the main courses, they were a bit pricey and I thought the menu lacked volume.  It had a unique items that varied but they came in smaller portions.  Definitely not the kind of place you want to go to if you're trying to indulge in portion sizes.  Overall a great place and I would recommend.  The Curry Muscles were extremely flavorful and cooked right.Great cocktails, ambience and appetizers are delicious. The only BUT is that they didn't allow my dog in the inside patio :(I have mixed feelings about this place. If I could give it a 3.5, I would, but it isn't good enough to get a 4 from me. 
I think the ambiance of Cellardoor is wonderful. It's romantic with ample seating both inside and outdoors. The prices are a bit steep on the beverage side, but that's to be expected for the type of place that it is. What I really don't like here is the food. It's just not that good. We went recently for a double date and we had no complaints about the service or the great bottle(s) of red we enjoyed. The issues came with the food where everyone was just kind of "eh" about everything we had ordered. 
I had the banh mi which was so loaded in what I'm assuming is mayo it was a total turn of; definitely not the traditional banh mi one would be accustomed to. And the bread it was made with was shameful. 
My husband had a debris sandwich, which for lack of a better word just sucked. 
One friend had the burger and she said it was very good and the fries were something we all enjoyed. 
Her husband got the duck tacos which were OK at best. 
If I'm not mistaken Cellardoor changes the menu on a regular basis, so perhaps we went when the menu was on struggle street. 
I would definitely come back here for a cocktail or two, but I'd have a hard pass on any of the food.The welcoming staff and bar area was truly a pleasure, but upon ordering the cheese board, we were presented with skittles, caramel corn, peanut M&M's, and broken pieces of Baby Ruth along with only a few cheeses and pieces of bread.  What a totally bizarre and disappointing presentation.  We canceled our order thinking this was an indicator of what our entrees might be and after asking for the check three times, we finally left.  I can't recommend this place for anything other than drinks.I really want to like this place. I live a stone's throw, literally, from its door. I've tried it three separate times and each time I leave more and more disappointed at what could have been.
The Pros: The drinks, in general, are good. If you are willing to wait for them, they have  a good variety of mixed drinks and mixology offerings. The decor is nice and its permanently dimly lit which adds to its mystique as a former brothel.
The Cons: By far the worst thing about this establishment is its service. By that I don't mean its servers as I think they are trying as hard as they can, but its service is awful. They have 1-2 people serving the entire place. That means you can never get a drink order in, you can never get your order right and you can never get the bill paid. I'm used to New Orleans service and I'm not particularly in a rush, but I've been annoyed at the service at CellarDoor more times than I care to remember. Here are a few specifics - 
1. They ran out of forks during our brunch and had to wait until someone else finished eating to give us a fork.
2. At that same meal (the brunch, mind you), they ran out of glasses and started pouring water for people in coffee mugs.
3. There were four of us at the table. My wife received her meal and, shortly thereafter, two of us were informed that our options were no longer available and that we had to reorder. I decided against eating that day out of frustration.
This place is poorly organized and its food is mediocre. Again, the actual waitresses were lovely people but were overworked and under organized. I hope that they change their structure or, if they close, the next place opens up stronger.One of the best meals I have had. Ever. Great atmosphere and service. The redfish and scallops with pork belly were amazing.Great customer service and delicious food! Went here for the last half hour of their happy hour. Servers were very friendly and made you feel welcomed. Ordered the lemon pepper fries and brussel sprouts. These brussel sprouts were out of this world. Looked up the sauce so that I can try, in the future, to replicate! Devine! Didn't seem very known but well worth the visit.The drinks are good, but I won't go here unless someone else really wants to (I work nearby and it's a convenient happy hour spot). Why? My coworker and I stopped by one day for happy hour, at a normal happy hour time (something like ~4pm-ish). The gate was unlocked, the lights were on, the door was unlocked. There was a table of people sitting at a table near the door. By all indications, the place appeared open. We stepped inside and were immediately glared at by the people in the place.  After an awkward moment of people angrily staring at us without saying anything, I asked "Sorry, are y'all open?". One of the staff just shortly replied "We open at 5" (or whatever time it was). No "Hi", no "Hey sorry, we aren't open yet". Just silent glares and a "We open at 5". If you look through the reviews, another reviewer had the same experience. It's really bizarre. The drinks are great, but are on the fancier craft cocktail side, so I do recommend it if you are looking for that. I'm not a big fan of the food, however.3.25/5 it is what it is(n't)?
this place i think is the right shell but not quite the right content. the cocktails i've had have all generally been good, and i am generally into the style/decor/etc. i've found that of the times i've had bites they've been just ok - was excited about a happy hour popcorn once that was mostly kernels. our table kept picking and spitting out the little bits. generally, the space and ambiance is what keeps me coming back - pretty convenient tuck away in the CBD if you're looking to have a more lowkey or private conversation - but am hoping that the sips and munchies bump up a notch.I love the fancy, yet homey feel of this place. Makes for a perfect girls night or get together, especially on the patio. Such unique cocktails too! Our whole group had an awesome experience here! We will be back!CellarDoor has a gorgeous layout but boring food. And with New Orleans being a culinary capital of this country (the world?), having boring food is a pretty big issue. I can see this being a nice place to have a cocktail and spend some time but, in my estimation, you might want to take your hunger elsewhere.
As I mentioned, the space is sexy and inviting. I'm a sucker for step-down entryways, libraries and books (even law school books) being incorporated into a restaurant's/bar's decor. Plop me down on a seat and give me a cocktail with chartreuse and an interesting name (you get one of them: laughter) and I'm good to go. And, had I stayed in this space, I'm sure my star rating would be higher. 
But, one goes to restaurants to eat and eating here... bored me, I'm sorry to say. To be fair, I was here with a group dinner and didn't have 100% choice on what I ate. That said, I've been to many group dinners in the past and, typically, find much to enjoy. It comes down to the kitchen not trying very hard (again, in my estimation). My table shared apps of edamame hummus and roasted vegetables. Y'see? Boring. Now, I currently have a tub of edamame hummus in my refrigerator. I like eating the stuff. The hummus here was salty to the point of it being nearly inedible. I know that edamame hummus skews salty but this was uncomfortable. The roasted vegetables... were roasted vegetables. I had a few bites and went back to nursing my cocktail. For the main event, I ordered the mussels with pork belly croutons. No brainer, right? New Orleans, right? Well... the mussels were small and, for the most part, very rubbery. The pork belly, while a nice idea, was a salty mess with an unfavorable consistency. I left the meal, a bit hungry, with more than a touch of heartburn and a fairly high level of dissatisfaction. Maybe it was the set-up. Maybe it was the menu. Maybe the kitchen had an off-night. I don't know. What I do know is that I'd recommend keeping your CellarDoor visits limited to the (very) competent cocktail menu and wooing your date with the dim lighting and conversation-piece decor.The review will not be long, The kitchen was being remodeled so I hope to have a better review once I try out their food. 
The drinks though?? Amazing!! I always judge an establishment by how well they make a sazerac, and this place did not disappoint one bit! Truly enjoyed the atmosphere and the drinks. Can not wait to come try out the food in the spring.Went here the other night with friends for drinks and wound up having dinner. The cocktails were amazing however I was quite surprised at how good the food was. We had a few appetizers to start and the brussell sprouts were an instant hit at the table. They were so good we had 4 orders of them. The finish it off I had a fish entree ( the drinks were so could I can't really remember exactly what dish I ordered) which was amazing as well. This place is right around the corner for our place so we will certainly be back.We enjoyed it all. The staff, from the host to the tour of the building, wonderful hospitality. The drinks, we are locals and from New Orleans, one of the best Old fashioned's and French 75s in NOLA. The food, exceptional, the fish, the scallops and ribs, outstanding. Thank you Cellar Door for a great experience.Really great outdoor space and the food and drinks are good! I wish the happy hour was a slightly better deal. The beer and burger combo could have been a little cheaper. I would definitely be a regular if the happy hour was more reasonably priced.At first we seemed like we were being set up for disappointment since the menu on their website is quite different than what they have right now.  It is more limited and the website also said they had a tasting menu which is what we really wanted to try.  Our waitress who said she only worked there for a week said the website is "way off" from their menu.  We had cocktails and they were delicious! 
We had the Caesar Salad with crawfish and it was fantastic!  Our waitress sort of disappeared after we ordered our entrees and when we finally flagged her down to get water refills she said she forgot to put in our order.  From that point forward she was very attentive and she expedited our order and we both had the seared scallops and pork belly.  They were cooked to perfection and the smokiness of the bacon paired extremely well.  It also went perfectly with the California Chardonnay we ordered.  The food more than made up for a bit of a hiccup with service.   
They do need to update their web menu as that is pretty misleading when you view that menu to decide if you want to eat there or not.Came to visit Nola and loved this place!!!  Where did you find the bartender, Eric?  He's phenomenal and very knowledgeable about the area.Terrible experience for Brunch today prior to a Saints home game. 
1.  Website said that they were open for 10 but they didn't open until 10:30.
2. Didn't have espresso or even coffee-- who serves brunch without coffee?
3. My chicken and biscuits were good until I took my second bite and realized it was raw on the inside.  
Food was decent (after my chicken was sent back and returned cooked) but not worth the price tag. Almost $80 for two entrees and two Mimosas. If I'm going to drop that kind of coin for brunch I would have gone elsewhere.
Wouldn't return.Delicious drinks. Cozy atmosphere. Friendly staff. Definitely a hidden gem in the area.Disappointed. The website said opens for 10 for Sunday brunch. Well they said it does not open until 1030. Then the brunch menu from the website was not served and the menu they did serve was 8-10 dollars more expensive than we expected. But we continued on with the brunch and got the chicken and biscuits. The chicken was raw and we had to send it back! Also, did not have coffee for their bunch. The other food was really good and we enjoyed it but overall experience was not worth the price.Hey everybody, want to come to a 'hip new' place where you can both be insulted by the prices and the management personally?  Well then come on down to The Cellar Door - where poor service and inattention will earn you catcalls questioning whether or not you are a 'Real' New Orleanian and remarks that they will just eat your food when you leave! 
...which no doubt will be cold and mediocre (though I'm sure thoroughly curated). 
Thanks for playing, y'all! 
Enjoy your clubhouse while it lasts.I had dinner at CellarDoor before going to see Hannibal Buress at the Civic Theatre back in December, and I had a lovely experience.
I *love* the ambiance here, especially the patio. It feels like you're hanging out at someone's (cool) house.
I think I had a beer and the oxtail bourguignonne pot pie. The pot pie was good. It wasn't as flavorful as I wanted it to be, but it was good.
I will definitely go back. I want to try the adobo glazed wings and the tom yum drumettes (happy hour anyone?).Quaint place with amazing bartenders. Food is really good to, but Stick to the bar for the best service!I appreciated the bottomless beverage options - they were great.  
The biscuits weren't fully cooked, my burger was rare, but I ordered it MW. No one was thrilled with any of the eight  dishes we tried - except for the wings.
We were a table of four with just a few other tables and we had to manage the service ourselves. For example, after 20 minutes at the table, my husband went to get the menus. 
We write all (locals and guests) excited to try this place, but really disappointed. 
The staff was trying, but missing beats....Cocktails are fine but really the vibe got me down. Came at about 11pm on a Saturday and it was dead. Bartender seemed to be ready to close the bar although real close time was 1am. Drinks came fast(almost too fast) and were barely shaken. Again, tasty, but a sazerac and vieux carre are simple enough, especially in NOLA that it should be perfection every time. The oranges and cherries on the counter had multiple flies on them and the bar was slightly sticky. Just didn't enjoy myself here and although the environment could've been great if people were there it just seemed too off the drag to be a point of destination with so many other cocktail bars in this city.Updating my review since I've been back a couple more times since last year.
First of all, eat the Brussels here. The wings too are bangin. Both of these are available during happy hour. Take full advantage.
I'm trying to remember back to when I had dinner a while back, and I think we also had the fried chicken skin cracklins, mostly cuz L wanted to try cracklins because she is a non-pig-eater. It was crispy and delicious.
Take my money, CellarDoor.Excellent cocktails. The Brussel sprouts were the best I've ever had but it seems like they change the menu so often it's hard to go based on actual dishes and instead to go because of the quality, which was there. It was empty which surprised us, such a cool indoor and outdoor apace. Kitchen closes very early, 9, but they were flexible about it and we had fantastic service.Stumbled upon this gem ! Wonderful ambience - a block away from the Hyatt on Loyola. A world away from the chaos of the French quarter - we ordered dessert as we had already eaten dinner. Wish we had another night in NOLA to stop by for happy hour or dinner. Owned by a young couple - introduced herself - very charming and friendly!Missed the Michael Buble concert last night and found myself here.  Unbelievable service.  Fantastic drinks.Had the scallops and crawfish linguini. The scallops had too much salt so much so could not finish.  The linguini did not have any seasoning.  Drinks were expensive and the speciality drinks did not work.The desperately cute named cocktails provided a nice chuckle, but that was the last time I smiled at Cellardoor. The building is gorgeous, but the product is extremely lacking. As a chef I have an appreciation for an abundance of flavors, and I could not finish my cocktail, nor could another person at my table. The other 3 individuals sitting with us that evening had to trade drinks to find something palatable. The menu just screams "we're trying so hard to be cutting edge and trendy" but it falls flat on its face. I can't speak to the food, but I wasn't enticed by much on the menu. Very friendly service, and very aesthetically pleasing, but that building deserves something better.Good service: lovely bourbon cocktail that still felt like summer. They were very accommodating with my dairy-free request, the pork belly and scallop combination was excellent.Disappointing. Mediocre food at best even if I didn't have a mouthful of crab shells in every bite. Not an enjoyable experience in any way. Felt very rushed. A lot of options not available. No dessert available because they closed the kitchen while we were there with no heads-up. I could write a long detailed review about the service but in a word sucky. Why waste your time and money when there are so many wonderful options around from places that will appreciate your business. Skip this place.Sought out this spot for the cocktails and was pleasantly surprised by the awesome vibe and warmth of the place and the bar team.  Stopped in several times during my trip to NOLA and was taken care of graciously by Chris (Christianya I think is her full name) and Frank.  Cool mix masters that craft a killer drink. I recommend the Ridgewood, The Drink of Laughter & Forgetting as well as Paris, Texas.
A little off the beaten path but worth the effort to find it.  In a safe spot but as of now the only thing on the block.  Go today!  Cheers!Cute courtyard, great food and drinks, sweet garden cat named Magic! I'd highly recommend this little spot to anyone looking for a bite to eat & great drinks!After a 17 year hiatus I returned to New Orleans, and CellarDoor was the first stop after the hotel.  It was everything that I could have wanted for my first meal back; a gorgeous dining space, great service, excellent cocktails, and delicious, inventive food (dude, CAJUN NACHOS?!?!) and just a great experience.Our first meal on this trip to NOLA and it was off the charts delicious! Our chef, Garrett, wowed us with freshly rolled gnocchi in an amazing garlic, basil, tomato then took our breath away with yellow snapper from the gulf on a bed of avocado. Words cannot describe the perfection of the fish...tender, moist, with a crisp outer layer...sigh! Our table server, Corie, was gracious, helpful, and efficient without being rushed! Then, Garrett surprised us with beignets with a hint of orange and peach butter! I'm pretty sure we had a glimpse of heaven!CellarDoor gets 2 stars because the food I did have was delicious. The service, however, was terrible. My group of 6 ordered two bottles of wine as soon as we sat and it took over 40 minutes to be served. After we finally were able to get our server to take our order over an hour after we'd been sat, we never received one of our entrees. We were going to a concert so I just never got my meal because we needed to leave by the time we were able to raise it for the second time. We had to ask for our check three times before it was brought.  For an upscale restaurant I was blown away at how poor the service experience was.Awesome atmosphere and the was very friendly. Only downside for me was that they only serve beer in cans. No draft beer.Wow.  What a place.  It was our first night in New Orleans, and we were bar hopping, and ended up landing here and staying.
John, the bar manager, was tending that night and we got excited about classic cocktails, he lit up.  We tried several different ones, and enjoyed the crab gnocchi.  The portion was a little small, but the quality of the food made up for it.  We were also talked into some beignets with a praline sauce that had us practically licking the plate.
We ended the night with some house made limoncello.  It was fantastic.  
The space is also really cool.  A former brothel, there is lots of exposed brick and beams, with a patio and upstairs venue space.  
Truly worth a visit if you are in the area.Top 10 restaurants ever in food, atmosphere and service. Scallops and pork belly are out of this world.Appetizers-must try the Brussels sprouts. Sweet and spicy and very unique. I had the amberjack which was fantastic but incredibly small portioned. Beignets for dessert of course. Service and atmosphere make this pace a must return. Highly recommend.Food and Drinks we're great but service was 1\5. Took 15 minutes to be acknowledged at the bar...Wow.  Just wow.  I'm so glad a little place like this opened in this area of the CBD.  So amazing.  I had the Vodka Cobbler - I must say it's one of the most amazing cocktails I've ever had.  A must try!  By husband and two friends we were with tried it and loved it.  To eat we ordered the chicken cracklins, roasted brussels, and pate.  All three were AMAZING.  I have a soft spot for cracklins, so naturally those were my favorite.  Plus who doesn't like a good cracklin?! The service was great and the vibe was a little dark (and by this I mean lighting) but we could still see what we were doing do it wasn't a problem.  We will definitely return and I would like to during the day sometime so I can see it in the daylight.  A must for anyone who lives in the area!Gorgeous interior (apparently a former brothel) and a friendly, quick staff. Visited on a Tuesday evening, and the restaurant was almost empty -- not sure why? However, the food was heavenly (had the crab gnocchi and fish dish), and we finished off with the most delicious dessert cocktails (limoncello and essentially a liquid key lime pie).
Highly recommend this restaurant!John was awesome....we were looking for Gumbo and they didn't have it here. John was super helpful and gave us lots of suggestions. Much appreciated and I will definitely come back here for dinner the next time.Service was ok. Girl seemed confused. My beer was not full. About 3/4. Hot a soggy Caesar salad for $12 and 3 scallops for $30.   Nice decor."Eclectic dining in NOLA".  Edamame hummus was creamy and the toast points were buttery deliciousness. Mussels were small and a tad overcooked, in my opinion.  I am one of those types that will not make a big stink about rubbery mussels because I just love them so much.  I will even eat them lightly charred.  They can definitely do a pre-set menu for a larger dining group, by request.  I loved the dim lighting and the library-like setting of the private dining area we were in.  All I could wonder during our meal was where in the world is the secret passage way to the wine cellar?  
The one thing the server was good at was constantly making known to the group (and probably the entire restaurant) was calling out who had a special diet request at our table.  It was very odd.  Couldn't be a bit more discreet, could you?  Other than that, no complaints on my end.  This is a hidden NOLA gem for sure and I will return in the near future and recommend to others.A really chill bar with amazing patio area. It has a range of interestinf cocktaila. More importantly, the bar cat is incredibly cute!!We stopped here on a Saturday evening just to get drinks with friends/family on our last night in town. Our first impression of the vibe and atmosphere was favorable. You walk in and you can seat your self and first we were going to sit in the courtyard but the smoking was a bit much. However, we found a little area in the back with comfortable couch like seating to settle into.
The caveat to that seating area was that the bar services you so you have to get up to order. 
There was two bartenders working back there. The young lady originally took our orders and was immediately annoyed by them- imagine being annoyed by a drink order when you work at a bar. 
And she preemptively walked away after only getting half (2 of the 4 drinks) of the order. 
When she came back with those two and we attempted to order the additional 2, she immediately rolled her eyes and sighed visibly. 
We told her not to worry about it and waited for the attention of the male bartender. He gladly made our drinks. 
The drinks were fine but we weren't really interested to continue giving money to someone who wasn't interested in helping us. 
Great vibe but customer service lacking. For that reason, we probably won't be back.CellarDoor far exceeded expectations. Amazing vibes, phenomenal service, delicious food and drinks. All of the staff- especially Gregory and the sweet man running around making everyone happy (didn't get your name) were beyond accommodating. 
can't thank this place enough for an atmospheric and intimate night with colleagues. Amazing bartender J curated delicious drinks.  whoever is in the kitchen is magic- and don't forget to pet Magic the alleycat. Stellar and authentic New Orleans experience in a surreal spot. Grateful.I met a few friends for a drink at CellarDoor and was immediately impressed by the atmosphere. It's got a nice old school, almost speakeasy​ vibe to it. This place is a little hidden place on Lafayette Street that you'd completely miss if you didn't know what you were looking for.
One thing that I did not like is you have to actively get the bartenders'​ attention to order a drink. At a small bar, this should not be the case. The bartenders were not very helpful. 
Drinks were a little pricey, but about average for drinks in the area. And one thing I will say is that the drinks were made perfectly. The Old-Fashioned and Moscow Mule were both delicious.
I recommend this place if you're looking for a quaint and quiet place for a drink, this is the place for you. It would also probably make a great location for a meeting after work. 
​Went for dinner. Gin drink was good, and food was fine but fish entree was embarrassingly small. Couldn't have been 2 ounces and it was red snapper...not even a high end fish. Waitress apologized but didn't do anything about it.