If you are looking for the most tremendous Muffaletta in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and stop by Central Grocery! What a great place to relax after walking around the French Quarter and have you a sandwich. It is just like an old school Italian Grocery.The greatest Muffaletta sandwich ever. It's just that simple. I live in New York and have been searching for a good Muffaletta with a lot of trouble. I end up having the olive salad mailed to me and try to make it at home while I sit there missing New Orleans.sooooo worth the wait! if there are two of you, share the half and if there are four of you, share a whole cut up into four. unless you know you have a great appetite and can eat one hell of a sandwich!I have visited New Orleans a few times.  My two things that I want every time I go are beignets from Café du Monde and a Muffuletta from Central Grocery.  
Personally, I think they have an awesome muffuletta.  I have tried others outside of New Orleans, and I have always been disappointed.  
The place is an actual grocery store, and they sell these awesome sandwiches.
The sandwiches are huge.  A half order is more than plenty.  The full one is large enough for like 4 people.  The bread is a round sesame bread.  The sandwich is full of salami, ham, mortadella, mozzarella, and provolone.  Additionally, it has an olive salad, which is made from olives, vegetables from giardiniera (celery, cauliflower, and carrots), oregano, garlic, and olive oil.  
I love this sandwich, and I like it cold.  I have noticed that many restaurants serve it hot.  My preference is cold and not toasted.  I will definitely return!!Awesome muffuletta!! Very flavorful and a half was enough for 2! We bought the olive salad to take home!Best Muffaletta I've EVER had, and I'm an Italian who's had a lot of muffalettas. Yes, its touristy, but the locals in the know will tell you how awesome it is. The olive salad is chunky, the meat is piled on, the bread is perfect with all of its sesame seed glory. TIP: Don't get the whole sandwich unless you want leftovers or you are splitting it with someone, its HUGE and the half is plenty.
Tourists AND Locals, do yourself a favor and jump on the Central Grocery bandwagon, you won't regret it.I love Po Boy's but it may be the Central Grocery muffaletta that blows my mind. I've had it 3-4 times and some are better than others but in the end it is an awesome sandwich especially if you like Italian meats, cheeses, and olives. Arrive closer to 11:30am and the wait isn't that bad.Delicious muffuletta sandwich worth the 30 min line wait.
Service not friendly.A trip to NOLA isn't complete without a Muffaleta, and Central Grocery is the place to have one.  The line moves fast because the sandwiches are pre made, so don't let that dissuade you.  Once inside, you'll find a cute Italian grocery offering a wonderful selection of imported foods (and not just from Italy, but from Greece for example).  You can eat your sandwich inside, or do what we did and grab a large beer from the liquor store a few doors down and sit on a park bench across the street.  If you score a nice bench, you'll be able to watch a live jazz band play in the cafe just a few steps away.First time in New Orleans and heard this muffuletta was a MUST.. so true!!! Fast service and the sandwich was amazing. Highly recommend stopping here is you haven't yet.The original muffulata! It's really awesome, and that's the only thing on the menu at the deli. The whole thing is pretty big, so it's best to save some for later. If in New Orleans, you ought to go! It's been in business for 80 years, one of the oldest in the country....I'm willing to walk miles for this sandwich.I finally had the famous central grocery muffaletta and I am impressed! It may be cliche to say (and honestly I eas leary bc of this) but it is one of the best muffalettas I've had! They do not warm it or at least the girl that checked me out claimed they couldn't but it doesn't need warming. It is ready room temp and delscious. There is an even meat to olive salad ratio and the oil just drips down your arm when eating it. I loved he oil! And honestly another muffaletta i love in the city is at Pat Os. I am convinced it is the same muffaletta. It's not as huge as most sandwiches usually are but it's packs taste and that's what matters. Very good! Tip - go at 4pm weekdays. No one is there! Avoid the line!My first experience here was about 6 years ago on a trip to NOLA from Orlando.  I grew up in South Louisiana but never went to Central Grocery prior to this trip because I heard "you can get one [muffaletta] just as good elsewhere."  This is the most inaccurate statement I've ever heard.  I moved back to Louisiana 3 years ago and have been back several times since then and taking people along with me so the experience can be shared.  Every single person has done the "OMG this is sooo good" eyeroll after the first bite.  
I get a half muffaletta, bag of Voo Doo Zapp's and a bottle of Stella Artois each and every time.  Usually holds me over for about 6 months and then I'm back again.Sorry to say I didn't eat here because we ate the muffuletta at Napolean House, which serves theirs warm. They sound quite a bit alike so next time I will go to Central Grocery for one. With the leftovers it is simple to wrap in foil and heat in oven at 250 for 10 minutes or so. We had so many friends telling us where to go we couldn't go to all of them this year but we will be back next year! This will be at the top of my list. So glad you are able to buy the olive salad as well.A friend of mine recommended that I stop here and get their famous sandwich, so I did. I was not disappointed the sandwich was very good. It is what I would expect to find if I strolled into a deli in Italy. They get a lot of people through here so the service is more of a production line fashion, it is cramped if you want to eat it on site, but I think it adds to the experience.First time in the French Quarter and we decided to get a Muffuletta as we wanted to try all the classic New Orleans food items. We were going to get a regular sized Muffuletta until we saw how big it was - I think it was 10  inches in diameter! We then opted to get the half order. I thought it was kind of weird that they didn't make it fresh to order but they just had a few sandwiches wrapped up on the counter, ready to be served. In the end, the muffuletta sandwich was okay - to us it was just like any other cold cut Italian sandwich, stuffed with meats, cheese, and olives.
The store is actually kind of cool, with plenty of Italian grocery items and eats! I probably would come back and check out other items they serve, next time I am in the area.For everything I've heard about this place, I gotta be honest, I didn't love it. The olive spread smelled and tasted almost rancid. I would definitely pick many other restaurants over this for my muffuletta.Omg!!!!THE BEST Muffaletta sandwich in town!
It's huge, so for the first time take only half and the half will be enough for 2 people!
It's one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted.Enjoy!Best place to get a muff! And fun to browse the groceries also.. if u love olive salad this is the place to grab a jar!!I'm giving it 5 stars.  I have to:  They had Spanish (not Mexican) chorizo in the meat case and several brands of imported hot paprika.  Those are things delis and corner markets don't carry even in foodie paradises.
I may be the only person not a local who comes here for actual groceries, though.  Everybody else comes--and lines up--for the muffuletta sandwiches which, contrary to the claims of others, this place really did invent.
In the unlikely case you don't know, a muffuletta is a sort of Italian cold-cut sub with olive salad (a variant on giardiniera) on a unique flattish bread (kind of like but not exactly like focaccia).
Here they are sold whole (too much for any sane person to eat in one sitting) and half (more than enough--other than very hearty eaters may want to share).  Get in the line that snakes through the store to the counter--it moves quickly--for your sandwich, then take it out or take it to the eating area in the rear of the store (where you'll find a drink machine).
These sandwiches are simply wonderful but here's the part I love most of all:  If you can get one just before you leave town, take it on your plane or train and eat it in preference to the "meals" they serve.  It will stink up the whole car/cabin with a wonderful garlicky smell that will have half your fellow passenger mad at you and the other half drooling uncontrollably.Amazing! So worth it. A perfect sandwich!!  Be sure to add a bag of Voodoo chips. Staff are very friendly.What is a Muffuletta and why should you stand in line for 30 minutes to get one? 
They are, quite simply, a decadent and heavenly sandwich that encapsulates the diverse flavors of NOLA itself. Italian bread, marinated olive salad, salami, ham and cheese. I hear they are better as leftovers the day after once the bread soaks up the olive salad, but I wouldn't know because I couldn't wait another day to eat my second half.
Eat it in Jackson Square under a big tree with someone you love and you will experience something close to true bliss.My wife and I split half a muffuletta and each had a bag of chips. Perfect size lunch. It's on Decatur which was super crowded and crazy. We were going to eat there but they have no tables.  There is counter but it was full so we took it back to our hotel and ate it there.  Muffuletta was good and salty on good bread. Not too bready, but just perfect.I got a whole muffulette to-go for the two of us to eat on the way home to CA and it was the best delicious of the trip. The muffulette was salty and hearty and it just kept so well. I had it for lunch the next day at home! 
The combo of Italian cured meats, cheese, and pickled veggies with olive oil together between bread was pure genius.I can not go to NOLA without eating here.  Never disappointed best ever and you won't regret it.  Enjoyed every bite!Went around midday on a friday. There were around 5 people in line. Not too bad. Not too bad at all. 
Sandwich is prepackaged in halves and wholes. $15 for a whole, $7 for a half. Whole is good for 4 people, half is good for 2. Pretty easy to figure. 
I feel like the sandwich itself would have been better without the olive salad. But that's coming from a person who doesn't really like olives too much. Others said that though they didn't like olives either, they liked the sandwich as a whole, so thought I'd try it out anyway. I ended up scraping out the salad and finishing the sandwich without it. 
The sandwich itself isn't anything to marvel at. Kind of miffed that I spent so much on such a normal sandwich. I guess I'd prefer something from places like Subway or Jimmy John's. More yummy for my tummy. But was the least grating experience in New Orleans. 
Also - literally a grocery. Few places to sit in the back. Coke machine - $1.25 in the back. Limited alcohol selection. There's a nice bar nextdoor with yummy daquiris, which you get a free shot with with you order. Sex on the beach, baby!Not sure if the line of tourists is always as long as we experienced, but aside from the tourist draw of this place, the grocery itself offers a good variety of Italian items-oils, olives, cheeses, herbs,etc.  Of course, what the tourists and we were standing in line for was the Muffalettas.  A good mass produced sandwich, but very appetizing; loved the bread. Eat there in the cramped back of the store, or take it to go.  And just for reference, I have a big appetite, and it would have been hard to eat more than a half.Absolutely delicious muffuletta! I was actually able to split the half size with my husband. Definitely the cheapest meal we had in New Orleans!Oh, beautiful muffuletta!
The line moves fast here, and any wait is well worth it.
The sesame topped bread makes you so much better than all the rest.
The salami, ham, mortadella, swiss, provolone and olive salad (tapenade) make you so crave worthy.
Your two pound size makes you perfect for sharing with loved ones.
And the fact you travel so well? Well, that ensures I will always order a few of you to come home with me when I am forced to leave your hometown.
I love you, Muffuletta - and everyone I share you with loves me in return!
Oh, right. The other stuff. 
Full Italian grocery, lots of imported products, meats and cheeses, pastas, oils and dry goods - as well as plenty of local New Orleans products.the only thing you need to know is that central grocery makes the best muffuletta you will ever have in your damn life.  the end.Okay, so this is the only place in town to get a really fine muffuletta - a quarter is usually filling for me.  Irritating at times that the bread seems a bit on the stale side, but other than that, can't be beat.This place was recommended to me by a friend who lived in New Orleans for several years and said that Central Grocery had the best muffaletta. I was skeptical, since I thought a muffaletta sounded not so special -- a deli meat sandwich, with excessive amounts of olive oil? No thank you. However, I was in New Orleans, so I felt like I had to try it.  It was AMAZING. I ate the entire (1/2) sandwich even though I was stuffed halfway through, because it was just that delicious. It's the perfect combination of flavors, meats, cheeses, olives and oil.  It is a grocery store/deli/sandwich shop set up, so you order at the counter and then eat at high tables/counters. Highly recommend this place.I have been here before but never tried their muffalettas. Boy did I not know what I was missing! The deli has a good selection of meets, cheeses, olive oil etc. When I went the other day there was a line out the door. It was okay because the line moved quickly. I will be dreaming about that muffaletta. The Sicilian sesame roll was tender and the meat, cheese and olive salad had so much flavor.  It was absolutely delicious! If for some reason you cannot make it to the beautiful city of New Orleans I believe you can order online for overnight delivery. Without question will be back!Greatest muffuletta ever. The olive salad with the sandwich seals the deal.  If you are in New Orleans ch-zeck this place out.  It's a must.I don't really care for olives....& ended up having the stuff shipped to me!!! Must come here for a muffelatta while in New OrleansThis was my first time having a muffaletta. I was told it was the best in town. 
There was a line when we came here but it moved really quickly so no complaints there. I really had no idea what it was but it's basically salami, ham, cheese, and olive salad. 
Now, I really love olives with a passion. But this had a little too much for me. It got really salty by the second half. I think I would have really enjoyed it if there was half the amount of olive salad in mine, but it was a "must-try". So I tried! 
We ordered a full one thinking that we could handle it, but nope. This thing is huge! We were probably better off with just half.The best muffaletta in the Quarter! The olive salad is perfect, the bread is fresh and crusty. It's huge, I can only eat a quarter. Grab a bag of Zapps, a beer and sit somewhere and people watch and eat. A must do any time you are in New Orleans! We always get one to go on our last day to eat in the airport. Sure beats crappy airport food!Still hands-down the best muffaletta, anywhere. Worth the wait in line. And, they even travel well -- we stop in on our way home to Atlanta, put some on ice, and mmmmm dinner!Quietly doing what they do...and have done well...for nearly 100 years I guess.  A gem on the river...part of what makes New Orleans a place to visit.  And return.  Thanks, Central.  The muffs make it all worthwhile.I have never tasted the muffuletta before.  This was my first and I am glad we ate it from here.  They had a long line,  but it was moving at a decent pace. Half for 9.5 and the whole (cut into quarters) was for 19.5$ plus tax. The half us good for 2 adults.  The olives, pickles and the olive oil added the flavor to the salami and ham in it.  We liked the muffuletta. It was a take out; so cannot comment on the dine area.Since my first review 4 years ago Central Grocery has hit a serious tourist bug and the result is less olive salad, less meat, less cheese, a sandwich that is dominated by bread. I think you will be better off getting one from Napoleon House or some other joint because Central unfortunately has become a tourist trap.An essential part of the New Orleans experience.  My wife and I have been coming for several years now and we're always drawn to it.  You can appreciate the beautiful olive briny aroma outside the door in line while you wait and know what you're in for.   It's a living part of history like much of the New Orleans food scene.  It's easy to stuff yourself silly: the muffaletta is HUGE and lots of fun to eat, but be sure to have plenty of napkins.Stopped here during my first visit to New Orleans and really enjoyed the muffaletta sandwich.  We split a full one between 3 people and it was plenty filling.
The Italian meats were high quality, excellent bread, and the olive salad had the perfect flavor kick and added a nice moisture to the sandwich.
It was so good that I had to get another the next time I came to New Orleans.  Long lines, but worth waiting for.  Price was also reasonable for the size and quantity.Finally got here it fast short and sweet food is exactly what it say wonderful and fast. Sodas I. The soda box machine and muffuletta is all you need to make your day. You set at fast food tables which makes it enven better very homey.  Love it.Oh man! Haven't been here in 4 years and it was just like the first time I had one. The positive thing was there was NO LINE!!! Last time I went I waited almost 1 hour for this. I was shocked there was no line. The price was a bit much $11 for half but worth every penny. The Samich was salty but in a good way the bread held the olive salad perfectly complimented it and the meats were fresh! Definitely check this place out. Don't let the other places that sell the same Samich try to tell you theirs is the best. They are lying.We were told we couldn't leave New Orleans without trying the Muffuletta at Central Grocery. Neither my wife nor I are big fans of Italian subs or olives, so we were certainly skeptical. However, just before leaving town, we picked up up a whole one for the trip home.
Wow, what a great sandwich! We each ate a quarter on a stop on the ride home, and the rest the following day for lunch. As others have said, it keeps well and just gets better.
I recommend doing it like we did, the line can get crazy long during the day, but stop off in the morning and pick up one for later!Must do for a stop in New Orleans. Half is PLENTY for one person, if you're really hungry. My husband and I shared a whole one and still had a quarter left. $20 may seem steep for a sandwich but definitely fills you up. We just grabbed one to go and ate it at home, delicious!Recently when I went to NOLA to celebrate my birthday, I had 3 places I wanted to go: Crescent City Brewhouse, Cafe du Monde, and Central Grocery Co.  When the line at Cafe du Monde was too long, we decided to skip the late breakfast and have an early lunch at Central Grocery Co.  There was small line but it went quickly.  Also there isn't much seating space so if you're in the mood of having a picnic lunch in Jackson Square this is definitely where you want to get your sandwich.  If you are lucky to find seating / counter space, then you may be sitting or standing and enjoying your sandwich while the LSU Tigers are playing (if you're there on a Saturday during the fall)!   
You haven't had a muffaletta until you've had the original (and creators of the muffaletta) at Central Grocery Co! They also have Barq's Root Beer in the bottle which is a great compliment to the sandwich!  Also grab a bag of Sweet Potato chips and you'll have a complete meal!    
You know this place is good when the locals stand in the line to get a sandwich.  
And if you want to do some grocery shopping while in line you can! They sell this seasoning called Joe's Stuff which is great on chicken! Be sure to pick up a can of it! 
Enjoy your muffaletta and order a quarter if you're by yourself or a half for 2 people or a full if you have 3 or 4 in your group!CAREFUL OF DAY OLD BREAD THEY GIVE YOU AFTER 3PM or so!!!  NO atmosphere, they closed they lunch counter almost 2hrs early AND had run out of muffuletta round bread...said they bread they gave us was what they said was a higher quality and so the charged us $1.50 more on a half a sandwich!!!   We ate it asap outside on a park bench and it crumbled more and more with every bite....OLD STALE BREAD!  SHAME ON YOU CENTRAL GROC.!!!  We are going to find another place to get our muffelettas from now on!!  And as a TRAVEL AGENT believe me I CAN SPREAD THE WORD AROUND!Don't be intimidated by the long line. We waited for 45 minutes, but it was more than worth the wait. My boyfriend and I (we are big eaters), ordered a full muffalletta and finished it. Needless to say we were full by the end of the meal. The olive salad was not too oily and not too spicy. It was combined perfectly with a variety of italian cold cuts and swiss cheese on the most delicious sesame bread to create the best sandwich ever. This is a "must try" when in New Orleans.The sandwich was awesome...people dont line up for this sandwich here because it was invented here, but it's actually a really good sandwich.  The half sandwich is enough for two people.  Waiting in line is the longest part. Once you get up to the register and order the sandwich is ready to go since they are making them nonstop.OMG, Muffuletta!!!  I'm not a huge olive fan, but it doesn't matter on this yummy sandwich with salty salami and other cold cut delights.    Believe the hype and grab yourself one!
The place has a few bar-style seats inside.  Was a bit cramped, but no matter.Hands down one of the best sandwich's i have had in a long time.  If you're in NOLA make sure you stop by Central Grocery to try their famous Muffuletta.Central Grocery has exactly one item on its menu - a muffaletta. Signs throughout this small Italian grocery store declare that this the place where it was born, a claim shared about a half dozen other establishments in the French Quarter, but I'm willing to state the one served here is the best. A huge sandwich consisting of salami, ham, cheese, and olive salad on a round roll, closer to the size of a small loaf of bread, it's so big that four people can easily share a whole one. What sets this above the others in town is the terrific olive salad, perfectly seasoned and dripping with oil, so grab a very large fistful of paper napkins before you take your first bite.This place is legit! As a first time visitor to Nola, I wanted to try as many of the legendary signature foods--including the muffelata sandwich. Central grocery consistently came up as THE place to go.
What is in a muffelata? Muffelata bread, olive salad, provolone, Swiss, salami, and mortadella.
Food: top notch, great balance of flavors and textures. For those who have visited la, similar setup as baycities.
Other: bar seating in the back
Pro tip: the sandwich is huge! I'd say a quarter to a half is good for one person depending on how hungry one isI've always wanted to nickname something "The Big Nine-Incher," but alas, I've never found anything worthy of that nickname.
Until now.
Witness the photo I've uploaded for Central Grocery.  These muffalettas are a whopping nine inches of orgasmic goodness.
I could eat a quarter of one of these and be full.  But I wouldn't, because they're just too delicious to stop at a quarter.  If you have self control, you can pay your $11 for one of these and make four meals out of it.  But having self control is no fun, so I don't recommend it.
Go.  Eat.  Be happy.If you're in New Orleans you must come here.
"Home of the original Muffuletta" and it's also the best Muffuletta in New Orleans if not the world! Eat in or take it to go. Or eat in AND take one to go for later. 
Simply delicious.Order the muffaletta. That's all you need to know.The smells hit your nose when you walk in.  Olives, cured meat, old wooden floors.  This is as old school Italian American as it gets.  The sandwich is ethereal.  They don't make them to order, the sandwiches are sitting wrapped in wax paper on the counter.  You might think you'd rather have your sandwich freshly made before you.  Quite the contrary.  The pre-made sandwiches have time to sit and let the flavors meld together. The olive oil soaks into the bread. The cheese is slightly warm and therefore more flavorful.  The bread has the day old stiffness of a good baguette.  The result is perfection.New Orleans, home of the Mufaletta sandwich.   You must have one. It's huge and can feed to. The bread is outstanding and the meat is delicious. A bit salty but that's what you expect with all of that olive relish.Omg must try! You have to go here for the muffuletta. This sandwich is soooo delicious and huge and my mom and I both finished it. So delicious and tasty, just the right amount of spice. Definitely would recommend this place as a must eat meal in NolaCentral Grocery may have been the birthplace of the muffuletta it certainly isnt the best in New Orleans. In the 70's and 80's they used to make a decent sandwich but has basically become a tourist trap. Now the sandwiches have too much bread to meat ratio and most of the dry goods are out of date.
Decades ago they used to have fresh Parma prosciutto, stuffed mushrooms , large olives and many other Italian deli items on the counter but their main concern now seems to be selling their sandwiches to unsuspecting tourist. 
If you notice the reviews none of the locals give this place high marks.I'm having Wet Dreams longing for this sandwich again. OMG. the olives on top, all the meats mixed together. The size of the sandwich.
Trust me you are NOT going wrong when you order this. My friend and I split a whole ($16) and it was plenty of food. If you can eat a LOT throw in a bag of chips and you're set with a half.
But seriously now, I was contemplating ways to get one and bring it home on the plane so it would last. I wish I did. SO GOOD.Came here after seeing lots of good reviews and a must-go place in New Orleans. The sandwich had salami, ham, cheese, olive salad. Even though I was not a fan of the sandwich, my brother-in-law and sister really enjoyed. We ended up buying another one before leaving New Orleans!Short and sweet I'll keep it. If you do nothing else in New Orleans go here and get a muffuletta sandwich. Just do it you will see it's worth the wait. And enjoy it.Best Mufalettas in the quarter. I used to spend my afternoons sitting here enjoying a sandwich before going back to work. The olive spread is to die for, and the meats are awesome. Keep up the good work.It is the "Home of the Original Muffuletta", which is an incredible sandwich. The Muffuletta starts with a large, round sesame bread. The contents include cured meats, cheese, and an olive salad. At Central Grocery, everything in the Muffuletta is fresh. The bread is excellent and soft. The cured meats and olive salad are the aspects of the sandwich that separate it from any other sandwich I have eaten. The cured meats are one, if not the best, I have had. On the other hand, I actually do not like eating olives. I was hesitant to try the Muffuletta because it has them. Nevertheless, even I thought the olive salad was delicious. The Muffuletta is huge. Half of a sandwich is more than enough for one person. Central Grocery is definitely another must try in New Orleans.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Great sandwich, copied by many. Whole one is about $20, half $11, and quarters. Bottled beer available. And uploaded a N.O. ghosty video. (link: https://youtu.be/fHzuRrN9RHo ). Enjoy.I'm not even a muffalata guy but these were great. I liked that you can get a 1/2 and it's still gig enough to share. It's also cool you can get the olive mix and some bread to make a home or give as a gift. We'll be back for sureLove, love, love this muffuletta. Hate the name, love the sandwich. Central grocery's olive mix is the best. The bread is also key to the excellence of this sandwich. So good!The single star rating is NOT for their Muffaletta's. Those are great but rather for their customer service. They are RUDE, NASTY AND VERBALLY SHORT with their patrons and that's on any day! I've bought my Muffaletta's here several times throughout the years and each and every time they've been unfriendly, nasty and have had bad attitudes to boot. 
This 2014 Mardi Gras will be the last time I shop there. I  arrived in the FQ Tuesday the week before MG so it was still relatively quiet. I went there when they 1st opened and was their 3rd customer...while the store is well stocked, clean and the muffaletta is great (although a bit pricey $15/$18 for the full sandwich) the bad attitudes, nasty tone of voice and rolling of the eyes is a deal breaker for me. I've just had it with the sh*ty attitudes of their employees! NO sandwich is worth the CRAP behavior there. There are comparable muffaletta's elsewhere in the FQ and I'll be going there.
I saw this show on PBS's "Lidia's Kitchen" and couldn't stop laughing. They were so nice and polite and ANYONE who's ever been there knows that they're NOT like that. I even went so far as to email the show and inform her of their "show" behavior with her and question her choice in stores. They maybe one of the best places to have a muffaletta but they are DEFINITELY NOT THE ONLY PLACE! THEY'RE COMPARABLE MUFFALETTA'S ELSE WHERE and they are served with much more appreciation for your patronage...TRY ONE OF THEM!Sure it's the tourist thing to do, but I thought that was a fine muffaletta.  Maybe it's because it was my first one, but Frank's down the block was not as good in my opinion.  They were great to have back at the hotel room to chow down after a night of drinking on the town.Muffaletta.  A huge delicious $20 circular Italian cold cut sandwich with sort of an olive tapenade on it that feeds 4 and lasts forever.  You have to try one when you go to New Orleans.  This is a cool old school Italian deli/store.  A place you must pop into when you go to New Orleans!  
Get a Muffaletta for the road.  They travel well and are delicious.  They do run out of bread by the end of the day so go before 3 or you could be disappointed as you stand in line and the lady screams, "No more Muffaletta's"!The muffuletta was just amazing. Half a sandwich was good for 2 people, but I seriously suggest buying the whole and just take it home! 
There's a bit of a line but the sandwiches are pre-made so the line goes pretty fast. 
Space inside to eat was small but you can also take it outside and sit inside Jackson Square too.the ONLY muffalettas in New Orleans.  So good I froze mine and took them home to San Diego.  They freeze well and are just as good months later when you need a little piece of home.  It also has a great selection of Italian and New Orleans foods.Muffulette, gotta love them.  Nice staff, modest price in spices and seasonings/hot sauce.  Things you'd like to bring back that are over priced in gift shops.  Sandwiches are good to pack for travel.  Olive and oil spread is already in a box ready for you to pack in your luggage.  It's great!I am so lucky to have been brought here by a friend-- and New Orleans native-- for my first muffaletta (though perhaps also unlucky given I went on a Saturday and they are closed Sundays and Mondays). All I can say is AMAZING. I will dream of this sandwich until the day I return to New Orleans.  If this place is closed, you can try a muffaletta somewhere else, as I did, but a warning: You WILL be disappointed.When you visit New Orleans, you have to stop by at least once at Central Grocery and sample their famous "muffuletta," and check out their other delicacies as they are an Italian grocery. Pull on the door on the left that says in, not the door on the right as that is the door out. Depending when you get there, there may only be a few people, but they could also have a line out the door. Some reviewers like the bread, some think its too thick. Some would even say its too salty because of the olive spread in it. I think agree to disagree, and many other places have a different take on this classic. One thing is for sure, this is the original. If you are hungry get a half, its plenty. If you want to try it, share the half as its already cut in two. A fourth will do ya. My wife does not like olives and she usually lets me have what she doesnt eat. Not this time. She ate it all and we though about going back to buy another half muffuletta. 
They have Italian sodas, or you can put some cash in the soda machine in the back. Theres first come first serve counter and stool sitting near the back. We took ours to go and walked to Jackson Square a few steps away and had an audience of little birds watching for the ocassional crumb to fall. Please dont feed the birds, but do yourself a favor and feed yourself  a muffuletta from Central Grocery.almost a year after my visit i am still craving a muffaletta from here on a daily basis! i wuld go back to nola for this sandwich. its like a burst of utter delicious flavor in your mouth. great texture, moist and packed with the right amount of olive tapanade/meats!
NOM NOM NOMGood muffaletta.  I am not a fan of olives, so I was easily able to take them off and eat the rest of the sandwich, which I enjoyed! My friend and I split half a sandwich, and it was more than enough food for both of us.  
When we ordered the sandwich, the guy behind the counter gave us a pre-packaged one that was sitting next to him on the counter.  My only complaint was that the food was not made to order, so I am not sure exactly how fresh it was.  That said, it seemed pretty fresh and tasted good, so it wouldn't stop me from going there again. 
Also, the store is a really great place to look around.  They have a lot of both New Orleans and Mediterranean cooking ingredients for sale.  We didn't buy anything, but it was fun to peruse.Decent selection of spices, candies and random grocery supplies.  Which of course has nothing to do with why you're here.  You go here for the Muffuletta sandwiches.  Period.
Now, I have to be honest...I don't care for Muffuletta sandwiches.  And this wasn't really an exception to that rule.  But I could tell that it was good for what it was.  And was certainly one of the better Muffuletta sandwiches that I've ever tried.  (My bread, however, was stale...so they get a point off for that).5 stars for the muffulettas, 3 stars for the grocery. The line was a bit long, but moved rather quickly. The service was friendly and efficient. The sandwich is HUGE and lives up to it's reputation. A whole sandwich easily feeds four. The combination of the meats, cheese, olive salad, and crusty yet soft muffuletta bread is a wonderful sandwich. My girlfriend who is not an olive fan even loved the sandwich. This is a sandwich that will haunt my dreams. 
The seating is a bit tight, but the four of us were able to find a seat with little issue. The sandwich is portable and would be a very nice lunch along the Riverfront. 
The other part of this establishment is an Italian grocery. The shelves are stocked with a plethora of unique ingredients. Make sure you double check the expiration dates as several canned items were quite past the date on the package. This shouldn't be a surprise as the main reason for coming is the sandwiches. This is one New Orleans establishment that definitely lives up to the hype!Eats: Muffuletta
THE place for the MUFFULETTA! Don't go anywhere but Central Grocery for this iconic sandwich. The menu is simple (either half or full Muffulettas and a few olive salads). Half a Muffuletta would feed two people, unless you are seriously famished! The Italian meats, cheese and marinated olive salad are neatly stacked on a delicious sesame bun! The ratio of filling to bread is perfect! I usually can't stand olives and dislike sesame on my bread, but their flavors played well with the savory meats. The taste of the olives isn't too powerful as the marination reduces its distinct flavor. Overall, one of the best meals in NOLA. 
Other bonus points are: 
1. Super affordable: Half for $10.43! 
2. The line might go out the door, but it moves relatively quick as everything is already pre-made. 
3. Seats might be limited, but people are respectful. Everyone eats quickly and moves out once done. You should get a seat by the time you get your sandwich.
4. A neat eat! A fantastic meal to take to-go to the airport before flying out of NOLA.I was so disappointed. I grew up with their muffaletta and now they've changed the bread and are stingy with the olive oil. Mine was awful and tasted like styrofoam. No where near the delicious muffs of old.  It was certainly not worth waiting in line for. I hate to say it but just go to one of the other places around which sell them and you'll do just as well or better than the one I had recently. I guess that's what happens when you get famous from tourists and they don't know the difference.Way better than I expected.  Perfect sandwich in every way.  Half is a lot of food, and a quarter is fine if you are not starving.  The line looks daunting, but you'll have your food in about 20 mins.  Ample seating in the back.The store is loaded with Italian goodies and some local items. A pleasant smell hits you as soon as you get in there. I don't know if it's the muffuletta, the bread, or just the olives, but it's great. I finally had their famed muffuletta, and it won't be the last time. My only regret is that I only bought a half and had to share it. Grr. 
I also got some Zapp's chips. I love kettlle chips and they do it well. I even got to taste the tomato flavor with tobasco, which is a limited edition flavor. Well, I went back for 4 more packs. I'm also going back for more of the muffaletta to take on the plane, as others on Yelp have suggested. In addition, I may even pick up those beautiful Italian cookies I saw. Decisions, decisions.Muffeletta is one of those you really must try this while your in NOLA items and this is the place. I ordered a half and it took me a day and half to finish it.  It was the best meal I had while I was there. There is a reason this place is famous and it's because it is cheap and delicious.  I went early enough that it was pretty empty which actually surprised me, because I imagined there would be really long lines as this place is no secret.Great atmosphere- we wish there was more room for people to sit. Muffulettas were wonderful!!The muffuletta at Central Grocery was much tastier than those that I tried at other places in the French Quarter.  I was so happy that they had their olive spread available packaged for taking on our flight home.  We were fortunate to have been there on a very rainy day and the line was short, but I would have waiting in line to get this sandwich.Went there for the Muffuletta, like everyone else, based on a recommendation by a coworker who is from there.  I don't think they had anything else on the menu but it is a specialty grocery with other similar items like olives, breads, etc.  They also sell their tapenade too which is AMAZING!  I ordered the half sandwich which was a quarter more than I could eat in one sitting and it was only $10.50. If you can finish a half you are a serious eater.  It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had and the best Muffeletta by far.  You can't go wrong.  I've heard the line gets crazy at times but I only waited about 10 minutes. 
***visit was 4/3/17Heard about this place and decided to check it out.   Quant and tranquil Decatur Street area was a welcome relief from Bourbon Balcony suite.  Historic four generation old family owned store and self proclaimed home of the Muffuletta.  Place was busy but line moved quickly and we got the counter.  Ordered the  muffu and was quickly handed a wrapped sandwich ready to go, thanks, next.  We found a quiet bench to sit and eat. Overall it was pretty good but I'm used to muffuletta s being served hot.  That was a bit of a disappointment.  We were not given any option of hot or cold, to go or for here, and we didn't think to ask.  The quality of the ingredients were deli quality and the tapenade was delicious.  We also bought some spices that are a bit harder to find. It was a could sandwich but will be must better after a few minutes under the toasty warmth of my Panini press.  C'est Bonne.One of the places you must try in NO since it's the birthplace of the muffaletta. You can order a half or a whole muffaletta, which they cut into quarters. The bread is good, meats good, olive salad good, but a little salty. Must try the original here, though we had better at a stand in the French Market.Looking for the real thing this is it. Best Muffaletta. First we had a half to split the next day a whole one.  We sat at the counter in the back ate our sandwich and had a coke, perfect lunch.One of the places that you see on Travel Channel-type shows that you need to check out if you're ever in NOLA.
The muffuletta is the house specialty and it's really good. Bread is fresh and it's stacked with a good amount of meat and cheese. 
Order a couple, and find a spot in a nearby park to enjoy your lunch.Made the mistake of ordering a whole muff for just the wifey and I. Ooooh my! Way too much food, but what we did eat was really good. I'm not an olive lover, but it was still very tasty.It's huge, and tasty, and they know it to be charging $18.  Worth the splurge though since we only get to NOLA every few years.  It fed four not terribly hungry adults who knew they'd be stopping for beignets a little later.I don't have much to add to other Yelp reviews. Get the Muffuletta!Winner of the muffaletta taste test. 
Husband and I got a half, took it to a bench by the Mississippi river, watched a paddle boat paddle by on a beautiful day.  YUM!Long line but it moves fast and is worth it.  I don't even like olives and I loved the muffuletta.  Half sandwich will fill you up.Yes, it's full of tourists.  Yes, you'll have to wait in line to order (and yes, fellow patrons, there IS a line, and I'm standing in it, thank you very much for not stepping on top of me to order a sandwich whose name you butcher every time).  But the muffalettas are both huge and delicious.  And you can try and replicate it at home; they'll ship the olive salad right to your door via DHL.  I make no promises about the bread though...New Orleans makes the best bread in the States.Super small space. It's really got that old school vibe going on. I wanted to eat everything they had on the shelves. The headliner of the show is the must have sandwich (?) that blows away almost everything you have ever considered to be a good sandwhich. You've never had a muffuletta before? Your life is incomplete and you don't even know it. I pitty you. Do your life a favor and get one. All these naysayers that give it one star need to go back to their McDonald's and Subways.Incredibly rude and unprofessional staff. Overpriced, underwhelming, preprepared sandwiches. 
But, if you're looking to pay twenty dollars for a below average sandwich and want really bad service, then this is the place for you.I will keep this short and sweet because what else is there to say about this legendary grocery? Yes the Muffuletta is as good as advertised. Sometimes the places you read/hear about often as "iconic" can be overwhelming "What if I don't know how to order? How crowded is it?" None of these concerns are true here. Walked in, ordered, received our sandwich and walked to the counters in the back. My wife and I wanted to try as many places in New Orleans as possible so we actually shared half a sandwich and that was very filling in itself. I would think the average person would be more than happy with 1/2 a Muffaletta as a lunch. A whole is a LOT of food. The olive salad on the sandwich is incredible. We later read that people often buy them, leave them in the hotel and let them "marinate" further as they go out drinking and eat is later... we plan on trying this "technique" next time. MMMMMMMMWent for the muffaletta sandwich and wasn't disappointed. Huge sandwich with big bold flavorsThe smell of this place lures people from the minute it hits your nose!!! Walking down the street we could not pass up the mouth watering aroma! We were not disappointed!!! Muffuletta!! Never heard of it but will not forget this one! Delicious!!! Even took some of the olive salad home with us! Must try!Loved the muffaletta, and I didn't think I would, because the individual parts aren't something I normally would enjoy, but I used the "when in Rome" mentality and just dug in, and was pleasantly surprised!
I split one sandwich with two other adults (my mother-in-law and father-in-law) and it was enough for lunch for the three of us, with one bag of chips to split. 
Delicious and definitely worth the wait in line!My husband was dying to try a muffeleta, and after some yelping, we found that Central Grocery was THE place to get this NOLA special.
This is a definitely a hotspot--the long line and cramped seating at the back of the store lets you know that you are at a right place for this sandwich.
As for the sandwich itself...I found it to be mostly overwhelming in salt. All I tasted was the saltiness of the meat, the cheese, the olive "salad", oozing in oil everytime I took a bite.  The sesame bread is also the most filling part of the meal. While the ingredients were fresh, I admit that this is one sandwich I found underimpressive. Don't know what the hype is about. Wouldn't do it again, sorry.The line to get one of these famous muffaletta sandwiches was out the door and around the block.  Worth it?  Yes.  It was delicious.  A must try while in NOLA.Central Grocery is known for making a great muffaleta sandwich. The Muffaletta Italian bread is round and very light and filling with salami, provolone, capicola and pickled cauliflower and olives. I ordered the half muffaleta for $7.50 and it what cut in half and wrapped up to go from an Asian store clerk. There were four or five patrons eating their muffaletas in the chairs in the back of the store.
Cans of olive oil, olives, olive oils, tomato sauce cans. The muffaleta wrapped up, hiding its full glory.
The sandwich had a nice tang from the cauliflower and olives and tasted really good with the sliced meats and mounds of sliced cheese. The muffaleta bread soaked up just enough of the olive oil and olive juices.This being my first time in NOLA, I had to try the muffuletta. We got the whole sandwich, it's too much bread and where's the meat? Also, the olive spread is too salty.  The only good thing I can say is it's filling for the 4 of us.  Lots of carbo.
I've had better sandwiches in San Francisco and New York.  I will skip this sandwich the next time I'm in NOLA.
If you really have to try this sandwich, don't except too much, then you won't be too disappointed.After wanting to try Central Grocery on every past trip to NOLA, I finally made it in this past time. And yes, it was darn tasty.
It's definitely bare bones, but they've got the sandwiches and Zapp's, just what I needed. My friend and I got a half to split for an afternoon snack (yeah, we like to eat) and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The meats, the olive salad and the bread all went together just right. 
This'll definitely be on my must-stop list for future trips to NOLA. We also both bought some Cajun mustard to take home. They've got a fun selection of Italian and Nola-themed specialty groceries.Delicious sandwiches that travel well! We get a couple whole (HUGE) sandwiches and eat on them for a couple days. Delicious!
Vegetarians - There is an off-the-menu cheese muffuletta option. Get it!Just go here now. Grab three friends and an empty stomach. Split a while muffuletta between the four of ya for around $20 bucks. Don't be fooled this little quarter sandwiches are surprisingly filling and full of flavor. We devoured ours in about five minutes. It's such a simple little spot too. I really enjoyed eating the muffuletta right there along the community tables. Stay awhile meet some passerbys and take the deli like feel of this place all in. You won't be upset , I promise !Absolutely delicious.   Their mufallettas are not to be missed.  You can also buy their olive spread to take home.  Their large can easily feed 4 people so the $20 price is fine.Everyone talks about the muffalettas here, and for good reason.  This was only my second visit for pleasure to NOLA, but this is also the second time that we got a couple of muffalettas to take home.  
Again, we ate some in the airport right after purchasing them, and then finished the rest over the course of the next three or four days.  These giant sandwiches are really 4 meals in one and they are really hearty and hardy things.  These things are wrapped to travel.  There's a lot of meat and cheese on there, and, if you keep it in the fridge, it's not going to go bad anytime soon.  I think your worst fear would be the bread going stale after a few days if you don't keep it wrapped up in the waxed paper.
Bottom line is that this is a great way to take a little bit of the taste of New Orleans home with you.Came here for the muffulettas. One whole muffuletta was as big as my face! My boyfriend and I ate it for lunch and dinner. Delicious. A bit on the salty side but good.Yay, I'm a fan!
I keep going back to what Yelp says is 4 or 5 stars with these. I liked the sandwich, and I'm definitely a fan. I willingly waited in line with 50 other people while sandwich after sandwich got passed over the counter to "the next available customer in line" as the people at the register called out. And when I finally took a bite, it was worth it. 
So why not 5 stars?
I don't know. I mean, it's a sandwich, a basic sandwich. Don't get me wrong, it's a damn fine sandwich and I would eat it again and wait in line again. But I'm not sure any sandwich is going to earn 5 stars, save for a classic Philly cheese steak. Ok, maybe that makes no sense. 
Ok, let me say that I'm not sure this is worth going 50 miles out the way to get. It's very good and I liked it and gobbled it up. And I would gladly do so again if someone handed me a sandwich at lunch next week. So it has that going for it. 
But in the end it was a very basic sandwich with 2 things going for it. 1) The bread was very good, and 2) the olive spread was also very good. These 2 things separate it from just another run-of-the-mill sandwich. So it goes. 
Go there, wait in line, and enjoy one of New Orleans' basic requirements, along with a beignet from Cafe Du Monde down the street.We went there for their renowned muffuletta sandwich. But this nifty store actually had a reasonable price for turmeric as well as offer seasonings that I ended up buying.  The check out man didn't speak a word and we charged our stuff silently. We sat down on stools to eat our muffuletta that was huge: 1 sandwich feeds 2-3 people.  And it was superb!  The joint is pretty hip retro style.Central's muffuletta is, quite simply, one of the best sandwiches on the surface of the planet!Central Grocery Muffuletta gets 5 stars all the way!
This review is based on the Muffuletta sandwich  and olive salad alone.
We grabbed a Whole on our way out of town and ate 3/4 of it for lunch and saved the rest for lunch the next day. I have no idea why we didn't get another whole for us to share! SMH!  We also bought a jar of their olive salad, which is phenomenal,  to try and make our own sandwich.  The line was long but the waits not to bad. 
If you like olives, if you like deli sandwiches, you won't be disappointed.Food is yummy for certain.... Wecrave it every time in town. Unfortunately the owner is a miserable curmudgeon who treats yiu like you have to go there. He obviously hates humans and it makes it so hard to go give him my hardcraned dollars. Definitely needs to know what its like to need customers. He has an institution and will likely never see hard times but god does work in mysterious ways and karma is a mofo. So yes, go ahead and lock the door in my face at 10 til five, i get it, you want to go home, so change the hours accordingly. Also kicked people out of your place cause you want to leave by 5 pm.?!?!terrible terrible experience. I haven't tried any other muffalettas in town, but i  will be trying to find a replacement. Yes i know mr owner, you dont care if i dont show up... Loud and clear.!!sandwich itself a 5 star to be fairGoing to New Orleans without having a sandwich at the birthplace of the muffelata (pronounced moof-ah-lah-ta) and picking up a case of their Olive Salad should be a crime. A felony - not a wimpy misdemeanor.My fiancé and I came here because I love muffulettas and I heard this place was the best in NOLA. We drove 8 hours and came here before we checked into our hotel because we were starving. The atmosphere is awesome - totally what I'm looking for in New Orleans. I like that it's a grocery store and they have all the neat food items to look at. We ordered a half muffuletta to split because the quarters looked huge and bellied up the to wooden bar to pig out. I was so hungry I devoured it but was a little disappointed. The bread/meat ratio was way off - I'd say about 80% bread, 20% meat. The little meat that it did have was super greasy. Obviously the heavy meats that come on a muffuletta are meant to be that way but this one was greasier than most. My fiancé was not impressed. We left full but overall the place did not live up to its hype.My first stop! Muffaletta was just amazing! Was also our last stop before heading out to airport. Sandwich was even better on our flight home :)The best mufaletta around.  Two people can share a half because they are huge.  We bought the olive spread they use and some creole mustard there as well.  Warning, they do run out of mufalettas before they close, so get there well before 5pm.Yaaaay!  I waited in the car while my sweet girlfriend ran in to get us a Muffaletta "for the road" on our way out of New Orleans!  We ate it later in the day and it was sooooo good it gave me goosebumps!!!  How delicious!
I really like that the company has streamlined the process by premaking the sandwiches.  Although that is unfortunate for those with food preferences/dislikes/allergies, it does allow them to serve the most customers in the shortest amount of time.  I wasn't bothered by this from a freshness standpoint either, as I felt it gave the flavors a chance to really mingle and come together!Well, poor planning once again.  We decided to go to the Cafe Dumonde for breakfast and the line was nuts.  It was Jazz Fest and the city was rocking or jazzing or whatever and there was no way we were waiting in that line.  Well 10AM...we could do lunch, thus the central grocery and the hallowed muffuletta.  Now I must say that as a Jersey girl that loves an Italian sub from the White House I think that the Po'boy is over rated.  But guess what , I love the muffuletta!  Just as we were finishing our 'lunch' the place starting filling up and the line was at the front door by 11AM.  So get there early cause these are sandwiches that love to sit and marinate and you could enjoy them even the next day.
Also the Olive salad that's sold at the counter is a bit expensive at about $12 but worth the price if you want to recreate these great sandwiches at home.  And yes it's possible, just get some good Italian cold cuts and some really good bread and do it.  Also I saved the jar and added my own chopped olives, capers, garlic and a little oil and vinegar and extended it until I can get back!  
Whooo whooo!The photos I see posted on yelp and other spots on-line looked nothing like the pre-prepared muffulettas we saw at Central Grocery. The bread looked processed and not rounded, more flat and there was barely any filling in the sandwich. It was acceptable tasting but not nearly as good as the one across the street in the French Market. I don't get the long lines at Central.I brought a whole muffaletta home with me on the airplane, and gave half to my boyfriend.  It survived the journey easily and was absolutely delicious.One sandwich was enough for the four of us.  Really like this place.  Hope it's here foreverWhat a magical place. Not just for being home to the original muffuletta but for the amazing selection of Italian/Sicilian groceries they have. Oh how I wish we weren't traveling with carry-ons! If I lived nearby, I would shop here often for things like chestnut spread, whole dried chamomile flowers, mint syrup, fig jams, fresh pasta, and so much more. 
The line for the muffuletta is long, but they move it along pretty fast and the counter service is FRIENDLY. The sandwich itself was divine. $26 for a whole one but HUGE. My boyfriend and I couldn't finish it all together and we are both big eaters so that's saying a lot. It's actually a great value considering the size and the quality of the imported ingredients they use -- all fresh. Everything from the sesame bread to the mortadella to the olive salad is just top notch. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. COME HERE.For many New Orleans visits after I moved to the Bay Area, Central Grocery was the unattainable...every time I tried to snag one of their famous muffulettas, they were either closed or the line was redonk.
This past December, my husband and I finally succeeded in attaining what had the rep of being the Holy Grail of muffulettas. (As a disclaimer, I managed to grow up in New Orleans and never have one of their illustrious muffulettas thanks to my bad allergies as a kid. I went in there once when I was young, and had a sneezing attack due to all the strong spices they sell. As a grownup, kudos to them and their expansive spice selection! No allergies now, so I could enjoy being in there!)
Though we enjoyed our sandwich, it didn't live up to its hype. The whole time, we couldn't help but compare it against the muffuletta from our regular place, DiMartino's. To Central Grocery's credit, I did think the quality of the olive salad and the deli meat was slightly better than DiMartino's. However, its bread doesn't hold a candle to DiMartino's bread. It wasn't nearly as light and flaky, which to me, was a detriment to the sandwich.
So for me, I'm going to have to stick with my DiMartino's muffuletta. Yes, it's on the Westbank (aka, the Wank), but I argue that it's worth the trip!The muffaletta here is maybe the best sandwich in the world. I savored every bite! Every single ingredient is fresh and high in quality- and the flavor smell together in the most perfect way! I would highly recommend eating here for lunch during your stay in nola :)Best muffaletta I've ever eaten! Totally worth going there just to get one!Central Grocery is a must stop for a trip to New Orleans. We always stop there on our drive out of town and get some sandwiches for the road.The sandwiches have the perfect ratio of meat, cheese, olive salad, to bread. It is a heavy duty sandwich, very filling and on the salty side. Perfect with a coke or big glass of ice water. You can also buy jars of the olive salad to make your own sandwiches or to just enjoy on its own. They also offer a wide variety of other specialty items that you can grab to eat.
It is a small joint with a very small area to eat. There is often a line but it moves very quickly.The Muffuletta: Huge. Delicious. Savory. Tangy. A fantastic mix of flavors, especially coming from the olive salad. The bread is firm and fresh. If you're only eating for yourself or with one other person, just get the half-sandwich. It's the size of regular sandwiches elsewhere, and it's much cheaper. $7.50 as opposed to $14.50.
Everything else: A fantastic inventory of Italian goodies, from dried pastas to jarred vegetables to exotic cheeses like Scamorza, which my boyfriend jokingly called "tumor cheese" because that's what it looked like. Service was pretty friendly. The line can be long and daunting, but it moves pretty fast and you have a lot of delicious-looking groceries to browse while you wait.Erething happens for a reason & gettin here right @ 4:59 & being denied entry only reminded me that i stopped goin here a long time ago for their premade muffs & gettin em fresh from dimartinos across dat water..100xs better, made to order & way way better bread..which def makes a real muff!!!
what once was here shall never be again!!!The BEST muffuletta hands down!  I've been going here since I was a kid, and I will go here until the day I die. Best olive salad, best bread, best meats, great atmosphere!  
Muffuletta + Barq's Root Beer = HeavenI'd always heard from my New Orleans contacts that the Central Grocery was the birthplace of, and the penultimate definition, of the muffuletta. So when I came across this location while wandering through the French Quarter, I immediately changed my lunch plans to give this landmark a try. Unfortunately, it appears someone has improved on the original, as the River City Deli's muffuletta remains enthroned as the best in my opinion. While the quality ingredients were tasty, I found the bread heavy and dry and dominating the stingy portion of meats. (The RCD, in contrast, has several inches of meat in typical NYC deli style, so that flavor takes center stage). Even half of the muffuletta will prove a challenge to an average diner. We finished off ours with the prefect compliments of Zapp's kettle chips and diet Boylan creme and black cherry sodas.
The historic store is very narrow and very crowded even on this weekday in November. You enter by one side of the double doors and exit by the other. While in line you'll have plenty of time to select from the very limited menu (basically just deciding whether you're ordering a half or whole muffuletta). Once you've paid delivery is pretty quick and if you're lucky you might snag a stool at the small counter at the back of the store where you can find napkins and watch a small TV, study the dusty shelves of Italian products (not much grocery shopping actually happens here, obviously), and multitude of old posters. It was definitely worth the historical, cultural, and touristy aspects, but not a second visit.They claim to have invented the muffuletta and as good as they make one I will believe whatever they tell me.  Sesame seed bread, olives, delicious meats.  I will be attempting to replicate this at home!  Don't go to New Orleans without trying one.The muffuletta sandwich was just okay. I feel its a little overpriced. I heard a lot of hype over the sandwich and I was disappointed. Not as good as the hype makes it soundThis is the real deal here, folks. Home and creator of the famous muffaletta sandwich. Accept no substitutes! We got here just after noon and the line was out the door. My daughter gave me an arched eyebrow and I nodded, yes, I want to stand in line and wait. If there's a line, it's is a sign from the sandwich gods. Behold, you are about to have the best sandwich of your life. And indeed, it was. I advise you to come starving like we were so you can order the whole (cut in quarters) and devour the entire thing in heavenly bliss. It easily feeds two people. Or go for the half, cut into two, if you're dining solo. 
They have service down to a science, so the line moves quickly. Just know what you want when it's your turn, because geez, you've had plenty of time to sort that out. They've got Zapp's chips and bottled sodas to round off your meal. It's a stone's throw from live entertainment or the water front park, so it baffles me that some people ate inside. You really need elbow room to dig into this deliciousness. Don't forget to grab some napkins. It gets a little messy. And check your teeth when you're finished because there's bound to be some bits hanging on for the ride. Trust me.
We later ran into someone from Mississippi who has tried to get the muffaletta three different times while in New Orleans, but they'd already sold out! Get there early or you'll miss out, too. They can also package your sandwich for air travel.one of my favorite places to eat in Nola. OMG so yummy - only one way to order the muffaletta and that is fine by me, it doesn't need to be changed!
We also saved the other half for later and munched on it while drinking beer in a bar...and all the olive oil and stuff had soaked around together and I swear it was better than the first half.
YUM YUM YUM!!!Yes. The muffuletta really is that good. I've been craving one since I got back to NYC and even though we kinda have everything here, I cannot find a duplicate. The sandwich is huge but I say get a whole one anyway! You might only be able to stuff yourself with 1/2 but you know you'll be craving more later.I had never tried a muffuletta because I always thought it was a greasy sandwich. I did not like oil & vinegar on my salad and was not a big fan of olives on my pizza. My wife bragged about the taste and so I tried something new. Boy oh boy, I must say the combination of all the meats with the right amount of olive salad, you have a muffuletta eater for life.The muffuletta here is amazing!! Luckily for us there was no line at all and we were in and out in a few minutes. At first you'd think the bread to meat ratio is off, but the bread is so delicious that you won't mind the extra bread. 
The highlight of the sandwich though is the olive spread that they put in. It goes perfectly well with the meat and adds a different level of deliciousness, differentiating it from a typical deli sandwich. The muffulettas here are huge so you could prob cut it up and share with a couple people.  If you're visiting nola, I'd say grab one to go and eat it at the airport (airport food in nola sucks)We really liked the atmosphere. Though we waited in line a bit it moved pretty fast and it was fun to look at the grocery products while we waited.  My husband and I split a muffaletta which was ok. It was a little skimpy on the olive salad. After all the hype, Central Grocery didn't blow me away. But now I've been there, done that and can dine somewhere else for lunch our next NOLA trip.Got here at 9:30 AM, and what seemed like a tiny line of 8 people, ended up being nearly a one hour wait!  I don't know if they didn't have the sandwiches prepped that morning, or the few large orders of folks threw them off (someone in front of us got 12 muffs, and a few people later, someone ordered 8)...  
While service isn't great (definitely no smiles and unfriendly), the sandwich itself was tasty.  
Olive spread is great, and eats well with the cheese/meat combination they have going on... while the bread itself  was a little tougher than I'd like, letting it sit a bit, having the olive spread make its way into the bread tends to soften it and create a far better blend of taste/texture.
Since this is the only muffuletta I've tried, I can say that's it's the best I've had... but I'm not sure if there's better out there either?  Guess I'll have to find out the next time I'm in New Orleans...
Verdict:  Unfriendly service, expect long wait times, but the sandwich is pretty damn good.  Worth checking out if it's  your first time in New Orleans or first time eating a muffuletta... may not be if you've had it a few times already...Holy Muffuletta. Go early or go late. Don't go anywhere near lunch or you will be waiting in line. This place is a foodies dream.Look, you either love CG's muffulettas like my family & I do, or you're not into them for whatever reason. I've always gone early, split a muffuletta stuffed to the brim with olive salad (the best part) with someone, paired it with a bottled Barq's root beer & Zapp's sweet creole onion chips, and left fat and happy. THEN I've come back before I leave NOLA to take an entire muffuletta home. Leave that bad boy on the counter for a couple of hours and let it do its soaking thing and then sit down for the best dinner you'll have all week. 
If you want a hot muffuletta, go to Napoleon house. If you want the classic, go to Central Grocery. Remember: bottled Barq's, creole onion chips.It is so worthwhile to stand inline for the original Muffuletta. Small grocery store with lots of character.This is an Italian grocery store, first off, not a fancy restaurant, so when someone recommended we go there for a Muffuletta sandwich, we were skeptical as we walked in.  Based on that same person's advice, we ordered half of a sandwich, cut in half, and we were skeptical again because it was pre-made.  How good could it be?  The answer?  Fabulous.  Really really good!  The bread was fresh, the olive spread or whatever they put on it was delicious, and we loved every bite, sitting at tables in the back provided for the purpose of eating these sandwiches.  Highly recommend!Muffuletta! Totally earns the hype.  Such a simple sandwich but Central Grocery has perfected the balance of ham, salami, olives, provolone and sesame seed baguette.  If you're in NOLA, this is a must try (skip the po-boys if you need to).One thing to order - a muffaletta.  Awesome sandwich.  Wife and I split a half sandwich and a bag of chips and it filled us up.  No visit to the French Quarter is complete without visiting the Central Grocery for one of these.They churn out the sandwiches continuously and don't wait for them to be ordered which is pretty efficient. So if you don't get stuck behind someone with a complicated order, the line should move pretty fast.
The muffaletta is made up of a nicely salty olive salad, salami, and I think provolone and ham. Those ingredients are fine, but the bread tasted stale. The outer rim of the bread was hard like a rock. $12 for half and two bags of chips.
Overall, if the line isn't too long, it's not a bad snack.What the heck is a Muffaletta?
I thought it was a new part for a car, but I needed to find out what a Muffaletta is!
While my boys and I were waiting for our tour bus to pick us up, we were famished from walking the streets of New Orleans. We were recommended to try out the Muffaletta sandwiches at the Central Grocery Company. So, we walked a couple blocks more from the tour registration storefront and reached the grocery store.
Once we arrived at the store, there was a very long line inside. This was apparently the line to purchase a Muffaletta. It looked like the Muffaletta came in two sizes and were pre-made. One size to share between two people. And a whole one, which is cut into fourths. My friend ended up getting the four serving Muffaletta and a couple of bottled waters to share with our group of other friends.
We ate our sandwich outside the store due to it's fullness. The sandwich looked freshly made and had layers of olives, ham, salami, provolone and mortadella cheeses, all packed into foccacia bread. I took one bite of the Muffaletta and grew attached to it very quickly. It was very flavorful and tasty!
A great sandwich to try when you're in New Orleans. Now hardest part is finding a Muffaletta in the West Coast as good as this one!We got a sandwich to take with us to the airport. It was good. Their was a line but it was moving fast. They have them already made.  But they sell so many they aren't sitting around long.It might be touristy as f**k but you can't beat the best muffulettas on this side of the Mississippi. I just wish TSA would have let me take their olive gardinera mix in my carry-on, goddammit. Order 2 whole muffulettas and eat'em for breakfast, lunch and dinner.I haven't had one of these since 10 years ago & it is just as I remembered! It is so good. 1/2 size is literally a full regular sandwich for $8.50. Full size-I'd imagine you have a group of people, it's cut in 4's and it's around $15.Ok, so I was told to try the famous MUFFULETTA and I have to admit, it was wonderful.  Must go here if you make a visit to New Orleans.Ok I have been to new orleans so many times I can not count. But always thought of central grocery as "touristy" so never would stop.
Well let me tell ya. Wow double wow. I now live here in new orleans right in the French quarter. So after walking to the bank and getting a little hungry I wanted a muffaletta well after getting in there I noticed stuff artichokes. ( my favorite thing in the world) I got a sandwich and the artichoke and took it home. 
Possible the best stuffed artichoke I have ever had. My mother in law makes them from scratch and they are very good but I have to say for 7$ I will be coming back for these. No mess all the greatness.If you like muffulettas, try one here. Aside from it being the original, this sandwich is a perfect example of how satisfying simple done well can be. The shop also has a lot of charm.Do you like cured meats, cheeses, and pickled vegetables? Do you love antipasti at Italian restaurants? Then the Muffuletta is for you, and Central Grocery is where they do it best. Good quality and a substantial amount of food for the money. A half per person or for light eaters a quarter will be plenty. So split one with a friend. Take it to Jackson Square or over to the river bank. Grab a beer and enjoy!Stopped in for a muffuletta.  Got 2 wholes for the four of us.  Everything was impressive about them.  The bread was fresh, the meat and cheese were flavorful, and the olive salad was very well done.  It was served a room temperature.
I heard it was the best muffuletta in the area, and my research was not able to come up anything to dispute this.  Yes, its just a sandwich, but it is a damn-fine example of this particular type.
Other than the muffuletta, there is nothing at remarkable about the place; its basically an old, run-down Italian deli.I visited here based on a recommendation from a professor that used to teach at Tulane.  I love deli sandwiches and this place did not disappoint.  I had half a muffuletta.  There was no way in hell I could finish a whole one by myself.  It was delicious.  I would come back here in a heartbeat.  Highly recommend.I went in specifically for the muffeleta.  It was delicious but the staff is very mean rude. The man who rung us up acted like he couldn't be bothered with us and when I asked him questions he was very curt. While we were eating, another gentleman rushed us to finish so he could clean up. We wanted to look around and purchase some grocery items but the service was terrible I didn't want to give them any more of my money than I already had. Disappointed with them. If you don't want to work there then quite and if your the owner and don't like being there then close the place.I hadn't been to New Orleans in many years, but had fond memories of the muffuletta sandwiches I'd had there.  I couldn't remember where I had had them all those years ago, so we went to the Central Grocery, which is famous for the muffulettas, and weren't disappointed.  While there's usually a line waiting to get in and order mid-day, we enjoyed the time chatting with other folks waiting in line, and it was well worth the wait!  Their muffuletta was even better than I remembered them being.....so good, in fact, that we returned on our last morning in NOLA to pick up one to bring home.  After eating a Central Grocery muffuletta, I'll find it very difficult to eat a run of the mill sub again.It's all about the olive medley. And the provolone. And the size. And the charming grocery offerings.Picked up Muffulettas on our way to a plantation tour. Absolutely delicious. I always look forward to coming to NOLA for the food. This is a don't miss place. Service was excellent and the price is very fair for the size of this large sandwich.I had my very first muffulleta sandwich here with a client who insisted on coming here.  The atmosphere is fun in a dive sort of way, and it was worth the long walk.  The sandwich was delicious and truly memorable.Came here with a few friends from out of town who wanted to see the quarter, left with half a sandwich. Ended up eating it for breakfast the next morning-- even after sitting in my bag all day and the fridge all night, it was still delicious. One of the best muffaletta sandwiches I've ever had!The muffuletta is great! The olive salad is a great touch to this classic italian sandwich that I had never thought of. yummm, I will definitely be recreating this at home! If you are in NOLA there is no reason you shouldn't give this sandwich a try! I recommend getting the full sandwich and keeping the left overs. I think the sandwich tasted better the next day than when I first had it!!
Definitely grab a sandwich and enjoy it in Jackson Square!I had the muffaletta  at central and I wasn't really impressed. The was barely any meat on the sandwich and so much bread.  It was also a little too salty as most of the foo that I've eaten so far has been.  It wasn't the worst sandwich but definitely not the best sandwich. I can get better Italian sandwiches in Howard beach,NY. I guess you still have to go there though so that you can say you did it.When visiting New Orleans there are certain places a visitor must absolutely not miss and Central Grocery is one of them.  It's located in the heart of the touristy French Quarter on bustling Decatur Street.  
From the outside it just looks like an unassuming little grocery store.  From the inside, you quickly figure out that you are someplace special.  There are interesting and unique items on the shelves and the closer you get to the counter, you notice it has a great deli spread too.
You will also find the kindly folks behind the counter, Mr. Kermit and Miss Viola are friendly as hell and quick to engage you in conversation.   They are  warm, welcoming and make you feel right at home.  You can tell they take a lot of pride in their work as were informed that Miss Viola was featured  on the Travel Channel!  
Mr. Kermit was only too happy too give me a sample of his famous olive salad spread to see if I could taste onion as I told him I don't care for onion.   But thankfully, I was not able to taste the onion and I LOVED the olive salad. I ordered the meat Muffelletta and Miss Jeannie J., the veggie Muffelletta.  We kept them on ice  in our hotel room until we flew out the following day.
I finally dug into this beast of a sandwich at the airport when I had a layover in Dallas.  Holy Jeebus!  This was one hell of a sandwich.  Miss Viola is a master sandwich maker.  Even though I was starving, I just sort of stared at this sandwich wondering where and how to begin: it was rather daunting.  I was only able to eat half of the half.  I packed up my leftovers and I ended up finishing it back home in Portland.
A word of advice: when in NOLA, go to Central Grocery and order the Muffelletta.  Make it a priority.  
That is all.This little grocery boasts the "original muffaletta," and it's a few storefronts from another establishment claiming the same thing. Is it the "true" original? No idea. Do I care? NOPE. Why, you ask?
Because this is all I could hope for in a muffaletta, and the flavor and texture I've been craving since my first taste about 15 years ago. Is it cheap? Nope. Is it worth it? YUP. About a foot in diameter, cut into 4 giant chunks of olive-y meat-y goodness. The olive oil oozes from its pores and into your waiting maw. The bread is a soft and delicate complement to the pungent olive salad and meat and cheese Italian combo.
If there's a line, don't be discouraged. It moves fast, and they have piles of whole and half sandwiches ready to go. You can also get jars of olive salad to take home to create your own! Will it be the same? Nah. But since NOLA is hardly down the street, at least it will have a hint in your home sandwich. Make sure to pick up some bread while you're in the area too.
Mmmm. Muffaletta. Classic New Orleans diet food. Hah.No question about it, while other restaurants can make a decent muffuletta, Central Grocery is heads above the rest. Don't be turned off by long lines, it moves fast. Relish the charm in this 100+ year old institution. Beer n sodas ava too. You better be REALLY hungry if you order a "Whole". It normally EASILY feeds two, with leftovers often. I've eaten there twice in two days. Don't leave NOLA without a visitGreatest, original, best, most authentic, whatever you wanna call it - it's legitimately one of the best sandwich places and coolest grocery stores in the south. Best muffy of all time. Get a half, eat one, save one for when you want more. A whole sandwich would feed a family of 4 with chips and a beer or two hungry dudes.Yum yum!  These suckers are huge so try to share. I mean a whole sandwich fed three people!  Not cheap but you're so stuffed that even the kids didn't want chips or fruit after the sandwich. Great for picnic, keeps well in backpack. 
PS. Closed on Monday, open early every other day so go to cafe du mond for breakfast, then pick up these on the way to the park.Well if this is the home of the Mufaletta, then the sandwich has died and gone to hell. First, the people behind the counter could not be less happy about someone coming into the place. Secondly, the sandwiches are tasteless and stale. Third, the olive mixture was all oil no flavor. I had been to New Orleans previously and enjoyed the Mufaletta immensely. This was terrible.This place is absolutely, positively, unequivocally the best place to get a muffuletta. When I went there was a small line which was fine with me as I hear it can get extremely long. While you are waiting check out all the delicacies that they have. Olives, pepperoni, pickled okra, seasonings,aprons, etc. When you make it to the register you order your sandwich by size; quarter, half or whole. You can order them extra dressed which adds extra olive salad. This sandwich is on a severely large Italian sesame bread with deli meats and cheese sliced in house and olive salad. The sandwich is pure utopia in a deli paper. Usually when it is busy they have the sandwiches pre made and the line moves like an assembly line. Order your sandwich get you some chips and find a spot in the very quaint space. If you can't eat there don't worry. The sandwich holds up very well for travel. They have even started shipping their sandwiches. It sounded like an ideal option but for me I love New Orleans and its ambiance. I need to be there and order my sandwich in person, smell the essence of the merriment of meat, cheese and olives. But that is just me. Just so you know when they are out of bread there are no more sandwiches. I have gone by there at 1:00 pm and they were out of muffulettas and I was disappointed to say the least. Don't be disappointed, be responsible and get there and get your muffuletta before it is to late.I wish I went here every single day I was in New Orleans. Sadly, I was only able to try muffuletta the day we were leaving. We ate prior to coming to the store so I didn't bother trying to eat the sandwich. Anyway, half a sandwich cost me about $11 with tax. The whole sandwich is $20. I shared my sandwich with 3 others while waiting at the airport. OMG. I CAN'T BELIEVE I ONLY GOT HALF A SANDWICH!!!! I would recommend for everyone to try it. Sooo worth it. Make sure you add some hot sauce too. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.In a city that is best for casual grazing...this place was perfect.
Needed some sustenance before consuming another hurricane, and this muffuletta was a quick eat and really hit the spot. Sandwich was fresh and not too oily. The olive salad was delicious, and I'm not even an olive fan. Drop in and grab a quick sandwich to go - you won't regret it.If you are going to be in the French Quarter, please stop by Cafe-Du-Monde, grab some cafe au lait and some beignets, then walk around, have a hand grenade from Tropical Isle, and when you are hungry again, go to Central Grocery for the sandwich they invented: the Muffelata. Take that sandwich, 'dressed' btw, and walk the river front across the street while watching the paddle boat, the Natchez, lazily stroll by.Sandwhich is good. Customer service though...cashier was shouting at other workets and cleaning underneath their nails with a toothpick. Price is steep.First bite and you'll understand why the line is so long! Half a order is close to $10 and a whole is close to $20....worth every penny! For me, I couldn't even eat a half so for lighter appetites you could probably split a half with someone. The olive spread I should have bought to go since it is what makes the sandwich perfection! Authentic Italian market, while your in line you can see some purdy cool stuff. Highly recommend the muffuletta as a must stop when visiting NOLA!I LOVE their muffuletta! So beautiful, huge and yummy. My hubby and I split a whole but should have split a half instead. Portions were gigantic! I was satisfied after my first part but it was so good, I couldn't help but to continue to eat! Definitely a place I will go to every time I'm in the city!If you are in New Orleans, like good food and somehow miss getting a muffuletta sandwich from Central Bakery, then you are seriously missing out.  Fresh bread, wonderful meats and cheese, fresh olive oil and olives....it's fun to get them to go and walk a few streets over to watch the boats on the river if you don't fancy the limited eat-in space they offer.Lieu d'origine de la Mufuletta je me devais d'y aller lors de ma visite de la Nouvelle Orléans surtout après avoir goûté celle de ma copine Mupp peu de temps avant.
Le moins qu'on puisse dire ce que cette épicerie est très populaire, il y a la queue dehors et dedans, on a dû attendre une quinzaine de minute avant de pouvoir commander.
Ici c'est donc Mufuletta en entier, en moitié ou un quart, vu la taille on en commande une entière pour deux même si clairement pour moi un quart m'aurait suffit.
On s'installe sur place dans le fond pour manger, alors best Mufuletta ever ?
Pour ma part j'ai bien aimé même si j'ai trouvé l'ensemble beaucoup trop salé et le goût d'olive trop prononcé.
Et oui Mupp j'ai préféré la tienne même si tu as des regrets sur ton pain elle était plus équilibrée et moins écoeurante!Went in for the Muffeletta and a half sandwich is plenty for two people.  It was so good that on the day we were leaving for the airport we went back and bought  the whole one plus the large quart jar of the olive stuff they put on the sandwiches.  Will miss this placeAnother city's iconic sandwich.
Pittsburgh has the Primanti's sandwich
New Orleans has the Muffaleta.
An out of towner would probably say, thats it?  Ain't it just an italian sandwich on a big round piece of bread with some olives.
I kinda got that feeling too. It's a bit salty and the thought of pre-made sandwiches kinda makes you think that Subway even makes their sandwiches in front of you, so why can't they?  
But they get so much traffic, and you only get the Muff one way so it doesn't matter.  The bread is so thick that the olive salad and oils soften up the bread. 
Everything else in the store seems overpriced.  The pastas I saw for ~$4 are sold in my local meat market in New York City for $1.     I guess maybe because New York has more Italians and can move more bags of the stuff.as soon as you walk in you think that you were shrank down to the size of an olive pit and than jumped into a bottle of extra virgin olive oil only wearing a bikini made of salami and a little clove of garlic swim cap.  the muffaletta can feed a small army.  make sure that if you do eat one that you are not scheduled for any blood work because your cholesterol will not stabilize for about two weeks.  anyway, another new orleans institution that everyone should try before they die.Nothing like a muffaletta sandwich from Central Grocery. One sandwich is literally the size of your head. They cut it in to quarters. Plenty for 2 to share. Counter with stools to eat there. Cold pop for a machine in the back..  $1.25 a can. Buy a jar of the chopped "olive salad" for $13 to take home.Great muffulettas!  Fun environment. Long lines and limited seating so try not to go at the lunch rush.Muffalettas are amazing; this is the conclusion I've come to after eating one from Central. Love the olive salad, the fresh meats and the cheese. Even the bread was sturdy enough for all this stuff. A whole sandwich lasted me two meals. I'm not even mad that the olive oil got all over my hands, face and pants. (jk about that last one)Do NOT buy the packaged muffaletta sauce tgo ship home.  The seal broke but luckily I had wrapped it in a plastic bag.  I called to request a replacement and the guy I talked to blew me off and said once it leaves the shop they are no longer responsible.  He said the jar needs to stand up so it doesn't leak.  If someone knows how to pack it in your suitcase that is going on an airplane and keep it standing up, let me know!
I used to be a fan.  No longer.Grab the original Muffuletta here and nowhere else. But don't expect to find much variety in groceries.Decades of consistent top olive salad muffaletta! A flavor craving only Central Grocery can satisfy. The stuffed artichoke another "flavorite." Other many food items exclusive to this old style market. A "must-have" when in NOLA. Dine-in or take out. Happy eating!This is a must eat in the city. I recommend walking down to the Mississippi River walk to enjoy. We shared a whole muffuletta for four people, bag of Cajun crawfish chips (very salty), and a medium size marinated mushroom. Could not finish the mushrooms. They're oily and probably would not purchase again.  The muffuletta is to die for.There is a reason why this place is famous.  The best deli sandwich ever, it is the olive spread that makes it yummy.  No frills, this is all they serve.  You have to have a muffluletta!!!!whoever complains about the service of this establishment or the rudeness of the employees, apparently had a problem before they walked in the door! The food and service is incredible!!!!  You can not go wrong with anything they have to offer! The muffulettas are the best you will ever eat.  I would recommend The Central Grocery to anyone that ever wants to know where the best place to eat!!!!