Where do I start. This is the VERY BEST BBQ I have EVER HAD. Had the two meat platter (Chicken and Brisket Burnt Ends). The meat was amazing . And the sides (beans and Fresh Cut Fries) were amazing as well. 
As my friend said "the bar has been set so very high now". Will come back every time I'm in town.Ok food but service experience ruined my 1st and last experience. Bartender ignored me for almost 10 minutes at an empty bar and decided to socialize instead of serve. I had to get a cook to help me. Another bartender took care of me and did a great job. Just turned off. Too many eateries in NOLA for this to be worth the dine.Best BBQ I have ever had! This place deserves be to world known. PitMaster Rob is the KING when it comes to BBQ. Burnt ends are the way to go!!!I ate here yesterday with my best friend and his wife and this review summaries our views. To caveat my review, I have lived in both Texas and Kansas City, so I've ate incredible barbecue; however, this review is not biased or shaped from this lens. 
Short answer while the service is great and the atmosphere is unparalleled, the food ultimately underwhelms and very much disappoints. In my humble opinion, Saucys has far better Ribs, Pulled Pork and Chicken. The Joint has better Brisket and sides. Your better off spending your money at either location as the quality of the food is superior and both places are definitely lighter on your wallet. 
I had the 3 meat combination plate consisting of pulled pork, brisket, and chicken. And because this wasn't enough meat , I had a single rib on the side. My sides were the corn bread and French fries (plate came with 2 sides). The chicken was very dry and nearly impossible to discern any smoked or barbecue flavor. The rib was also dry and not nearly as moist or as flavorful as Saucys ribs. Pulled pork suffered likewise; dry, and lacking in taste and flavor. If not for the better than average barbecue sauces, I'm not sure I would have finished my meal. The brisket while much better than the other meats was average and not memorable, but in my opinion, your best option when ordering meat a la carte. The sides were very good, but unfortunately not enough of a reason to substantiate a visit onto its self. 
While our local esteemed food critic has heralded CC's Barbecue arrival as some sort of a game changer for Nola's barbecue scene, I would submit to you that your wallet and stomach will walk from Saucys and The Joint far more content than spending your dollars at Central City Barbecue. While I welcome their presence and do believe the restaurant's opening and location is having a great impact on the Central City vicinity, the food has a long way to go to match its hype.If you go to CCBBQ, gotta get the Burt Ends. Only place in the city that does them. Great staff and friendly service help this sneaky big smokehouse. They have plenty of indoor seating, as well as an abundance of outdoor seating with plenty of room for the kids to run around. 
Their staff was nice enough to explain some techniques, show the two different smoking rooms, and explain their story. 
Their meat is very good, and you will get a traditional BBQ experience (combo meat platters, meat by the pound, good sides, and all served on a metal tray with parchment paper).Good barbecue. Love the crispy brussel sprouts.I ate at the new Pythian market location in the CBD. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni and cheese. The sandwich and side were both large  for $11.00- very satisfied with the price, portion, and quality. 
There are very few barbecue options in the CBD, so it's nice to have some good barbecue within walking distance to many downtown workplaces. 
The service was high quality. Friendly servers in a cool, communal setting.  I recommend giving this place a try.Went the 2nd day around 1230,waited in line for 30 minutes,then were told they were sold out.The hag behind the register said come back tomorrow at 9 and wait in line.Really..
As a 20 yr Restaurant veteran I will not be coming back.I know they wanna be Franklin but you gotta be great for years to get that type of press.Too arrogant for my taste.Cool new space to enjoy some top tier BBQ!  I had the brisket on a sandwich was super tender and moist; wife had the pork BBQ stuffed king cake , novel idea, great pork and at first tasted great but the icing was a little too sweet after a few bites.
Oh the sides are awesome, bak d beans had a smoky flavor; very unique very good.
Huge full bar too with decent draft selectionI'm disappointed in this place. I had high hopes. We ordered a three meat plate. Portions were scarce. The brisket had decent flavor but it amount to two small slices. The pulled pork was not good- dry and bland as was the boudin. The "spicy" bbq sauce was like drinking  straight vinegar and the sweet sauce was comparable to KC Masterpiece. Potato salad had very little flavor at all. The beans were spicy and that's about it. Again- no flavor. The portions are just not in line with the price. We might try it again but I doubt it.Chef Rob listens! You can get burnt ends as a platter option!!! Yay!!! Love this place!!Good spreads of BBQ and country sides here. Brisket was tender, smoky and not too fatty.  Friendly folks working here.  Definitely worth a visit.We were very excited to see try this BBQ place in our neighborhood. We had heard good things about the owners and the chef. Tonight was our first and likely last visit. The ambience was ok. The chairs were uncomfortable, but the place was airy and smelled great. I ordered the triple meat combo, with pork, burnt end brisket, and boudin. The pork and the boudin were tasty, but nothing special. The burnt brisket ends were almost too fatty to eat. The greens were ok. The corn mache choux was delicious. My husband ordered the "half chicken." Turns out fractions are not their strong suit. He got a wing and half a small breast. He complained, and the very nice hostess brought him a thigh and a drumstick. It tasted good, but, overall, save your money. Voodoo is right up the road.We've been here a few times since they opened. We've never had an issue until today. If it wasn't for today's experience I would've easily given them a 4 star. 
   I ordered burnt ends and what I received was far from what I've had in the past or what I expect when I order burnt ends. All it was was cubes of over cooked brisket, nothing close to what a burnt end is supposed to be.By far the best BBQ in the city. Any place with burnt ends by the pound has my heart. And amazing they are. Everything rocks here. And there's often the rare porchetta appearance. Can't wait for summer and the outside parties. Thank you Chef Rob!I originally went around a month after this place opened and had an experience I never wanted to replicate: they were out of almost all of their meats and our food took an hour to get to the table.
Then I tried it again this week and I wonder how a place could be so different.
To start: shocker, they had all of the meats on hand. Then, we actually got our food in less than 10 minutes. The most important part is that the food was friggin amazing. Brisket and sausage, burnt ends, ribs -- all so amazing. The spoonbread and chili (MOAR BRISKET) are out of this world. 
I obviously knew that a chef replacement had happened, but I had no idea how much that change turned a huge failure into a big hit.The pork belly burnt ends aka "cowboy candy" is phenomenal and so is the boudin.  The owner is very friendly as well.Solid BBQ. We got the sampler and three of us split it. (we all have large appetites). pickles, spoon bread were my favorite sides. All the meat had great flavor and was juicy.Came for Culinary Fight Club event- their food was actually pretty good but the service- not so much. Also paid $40 for a ticket to this event happily, it comes with a free hour of beer that was cut short by 20 minutes bc they ran out of Nola Blonde?!? Pretty dumb decision on part of manager- this event brought in at least 100 people, most people- myself included- ordered food from bar because competition food will not be ready for a few hours- yet couldn't spot 20 minutes of beer to fulfill the hour. Will not be back bc of principle of matter.The best BBQ in NOLA hands down. The brisket is the best I've ever had. You must the brisket chili and the sweet corn pudding together as sides. This will be one of my regular places to eat from now on.I was really excited to try this place after reading all the reviews but was incredibly disappointed. I got the combo plate with brisket and sausage and fries and beans for the sides. All of the meat was very dry and hard, the taste was ok, but the dryness really ruined it. The fries were very good though and the beans were pretty tasty as well. The sauces that came with it were pretty good though and really the only thing that redeemed the meat at all.Great place to have bbq food!! We didn't want left overs so we shared a 3 meat combo, 3 ribs on the side  and added 2 sides for 3 of us. There was not much food left after we ate. $50 after a tip!! Great deal and you get to pick whatever kind of meat you want! You can also go back and look at the pit.Nice spot in central city.. 
Bbq was very fresh and filling.  Indoor and outdoor setting was cool and unique. Clean facility with great staff and service.
Ribs were tender and flavored. I really like how they have a happy hour with single wings that you can purchase and sample the flavors they have to offer.
Spicy sauce is the best.Call me crazy but I personally think CC beats out all of the other BBQ places in the city. I am a BBQ fiend so I've tried the majority of the spots and this place reigns at the top. Not only do I love the building, but I love the food even more. You gotta try the smoked chicken wings on the appetizers. Delicious! The ribs literally fall off the bone, the brisket is great as well as the burnt ends, and the sausage that I've tried has been great as well. They have several options for sauces available so pick to your liking. Sweet, spicy,smoky, you name it. The sides!! Rarely do u find at a BBQ place that the sides are equally as good as the meat. This is definitely the case here. They've got it nailed! That spoon cornbread is lucky if it doesn't get devoured within seconds of eating it, the beans are by far my favorite and the macaroni is pretty good if I do say so myself. I have yet to try the desserts but they sound delicious and also I just found out on my last visit they have a happy hour with 50 cent wings if I remember correctly and drink specials so I will be back for that!This place is legit. Great portion size. Tender meats that are tasty. We were a pretty large group. We had the chicken, ribs, chicken wings, brisket, mac and cheese, side salad. The chicken wings as an appetizer we ordered naked. There are different bbq sauces on the table for ur pleasure. The wings have a crispy skin and juicy inside. The ribs were fall off the bone tender and the flavor was on point. If I come back to this city I'll definitely come back here.OMG! This is my favorite spot. The BBQ is so awesome. Arrive early before it's all sold out. I've tried quite a few things on the menu. The chicken is so juicy and tasty. I've also been to the 50 cent wing happy hour. You can't beat 50 cent wings and $5 drinks. My mouth is watering as I'm typing. I can't wait until Friday to indulge in the wings again. Ooooohhh please try the housemade pickles! You will not be disappointed at Central City BBQ! THEBOMBDOTCOMI'm having mixed feelings about the food. It wasn't the best nor was it the worst BBQ I've had. I ended up trying the 3 meat plate: ribs, brisket (sliced), and burnt ends. Two side choices were potato salad and the sweet corn spoonbread. The ribs were good; they were tender and juicy. Had the right amount of flavor to it. Brisket was dry which was disappointing to me. I love a fatty brisket and it just wasn't there, not sure if you're supposed to request that but I've been to places that have asked. The burnt ends, some places were really nicely cooked and some were just over done. The sauce choices were: sweet, spicy, vinegar, and the nola bama white sauce! I enjoyed the spicy the most. Others were just okay. Now I LOVED the spoonbread as a side. The potato salad lacked flavor, but it wasn't horrible. I tried a bite of mac and cheese and it didn't wow me. Overall, I'd probably come back to give it another go! They have specials I believe everyday too and happy hour from 3-6!Had an acceptable experience here. I'm not sure the prices correspond with quality, though, especially with the sides and bar offerings.
I had a pulled pork sandwich with the hot sauce and a side of bacon macaroni. The sandwich and sauce was enjoyable, but the macaroni was substandard (cold, bland bacon). And $10 for a shot of mid-range bourbon (Bulleit)...
At the very least, there are outside tables for dog owners, and there's parking lot by the restaurant.  Just feel like there's a value/quality disparity right now.I have been to the three top-rated BBQ spots in New Orleans (not a town nor state known for BBQ) and I have to say this was by far the best I've had in Nola. The fatty brisket was absolutely perfect, the lean brisket was a just a touch dry (but I'm a tough judge and a bit of a perfectionist with BBQ) but still had a great flavor to it. The ribs were ever so slightly overcooked but delicious. The Mac & cheese was fairly ordinary but the spoonbread was fantastic. I found the sweet sauce to be a little overpowering but the "spicy" was a great complement to the brisket and I didn't find it to be spicy at all. The only real complaint I have is that they only sell burnt ends by the pound so I didn't get to try them. This is a BBQ joint that could hold its own among the top 50 in Texas, and that's about the highest compliment I can payI just ate my leftover ribs for breakfast! Not that y'all need another glowing yelp review but my goodness everything was amazing! Thanks for being open on Memorial Day!Yummy food and the guy that took our order was amazing.
If I wasn't married I would have stayed there with him!!First time trying this place great food. We had the 3 meat platter. Ribs, brisket and chicken. The bread pudding was aumthentic and you could taste how old school home cooking is. 
Make sure to speak to Stan he is very knowledgeable about the city and you can learn a lot from the stories. We will definitely be back for the food and company.So, three Kansas City natives finally do New Orleans barbeque. And, no, we didn't go in with burnt-end-size chips on our shoulders, either; New Orleans is too good a food town for that.
That being said, burnt ends (we invented 'em) are the standard I judge barbeque by, so that's how I put Central City to the test. On an scale of one to LC's (Kansas Citians get it), I'd give 'em an 8: very tender and juicy, smoky, nice crust; some had a little excessive fat layer, but overall very enjoyable! The slaw was...slaw. But unlike another reviewer, I loved the spoon bread! It wasn't dry at all, and had all kinda wonderful flavors. 
The decor is sort of rustic industrial, and they have lots of space. You order food at the counter in the back and your drink at the big bar in the middle. Everyone we encountered exuded the same warmth and grace we find all over the city, especially the manager, who came over to check on us and spent the next 20 minutes discussing barbeque, music, and the best place to see Zulu to get a coconut (it's not his fault we opted for Indians at the Backstreet instead).
I entered their raffle for a smoker that night. The drawing's in March, and I sure hope I win so I can rent a truck and come back down there to pick it up!Gotta say highly dissapointed.  Over an hour wait for food.  And not even an offer to pick up a round of drinks for us as an apology.  This place needs a ton of help service and manager wise.  All we got was a half hearted apology. I know it's their second day open but you could at least have decent service and personalities.It's going to be hard to find great BBQ in Louisiana. This was average. The sauces were great! Smoked wings were pretty good. I'd go back again if I were craving BBQ and I was nearby, but I'll stick to The Joint.First time here. Great customer service. Great food! I am a picky eater. I went with friends who wanted to come here, and of course I loved it.Great people and service with free street parking.
Couldn't resist ordering the Cowboy Candy plate with corn spoonbread as my side. The Cowboy Candy is basically sauced/candied smoked pork belly ends. Name is a good description. Really just delicious. The spoonbread is kind of a mushy cornbread and was sweet and very good on its own. Serving size is good for an average appetite like mine, but bigger eaters will have to order more.
Fountain drinks included regular and strawberry lemonade in addtion to iced tea and sodas.Best bbq in the city and it's not close. Best sausage I've ever eaten and the bacon mac and spoon bread are amazing. Staff is super friendly and the service is great. Everything on the menu is pretty awesome, never had a meal here that wasn't excellent.I'm glad to see that there are more barbecue places opening in Nola. My boyfriend and I came here with two of our friends. We shared the sampler platter which was enough to feed the four of us (although I would suggest rounding it out with an extra order of ribs for the extra hungry). Love the fact that there's a large adjacent parking lot and plenty of seating. I can't wait to come back.I really wanted to love this place but it was a super disappointing visit for me. Right off the bat we were told there was no brisket and no ribs... didn't leave us many options there. It's a Friday at 7 and you don't have your two main menu items. So we piece together an order and try to get over it. Then we sit at the bar to order drinks. There I witnessed a truly clueless bar staff who did not know any of the drink specials even though they were printed right in front of them and struggled to tell me anything about their draft beers. Still we eagerly await our meal. I will say the wings were outstanding. The portions were smaller than expected for the price and the meal was meh especially given we weren't allowed many options. After we finished it took probably twenty minutes to get anyone's attention at the bar to close out. While the two bartenders drowned in a not very full bar I'm pretty sure the managers just sat back to watch them struggle. So while they have all the shiny, hip furnishings on the outside they seem to be kind of a disaster on the inside.Mediocre BBQ in The City
After hearing so many advertising over the radio about this place and their famous burnt ends BBQ, I decode to go and try what all the hype was about. I ordered the burnt ends plate and with side orders of beans and baked mac. The sides were just ordinary and the burnt ends were good but seriously lacking in the wood smoke flavor of any meat that's smoked. There are many other BBQ places in the city that do a better job in my opinion.I came here today with my boss fro lunch..  We ordered a combo plate.  The brisket and pork with bacon mac and cheese and the corn breading.  Everything was great.  The meats could have been warm...The brisket was the best I had ever had.   The bbq sauce sweet was on point!  Great for lunch in and out and quick.  It is clean and to end the meal my brownie was moist and there was a secret ingredient...we couldn't figure it out...nutmeg, cinnamon...something...delicious.  I also wish you had Brussels sprouts as a side or side salad or veggies...That would be a great compliment instead of the heavier sides ya'll offer.  Looking forward to going back!!!Fantastic that Chef Rob has returned from his hiatus after the sad closing of NOLA Smokehouse.  This new location in partnership with Chef Burgau has taken all the great things about NOLA Smokehouse and upgraded it substantially to add all the elements that were missing and then some.  This new facility is HUUUUUGE.  They have a full bar with a full time bartender and quite a few other staff members to keep the process moving.  Currently the front part of the building is complete while they continue to work on the back which looks even larger along with another HUUUUGE patio space they also look to be continuing to develop.  They also have added fresh brewed iced tea much to my pleasure and delight.  
This place certainly looks to be developing into the top BBQ experience in NOLA.  They have been selling out pretty fast since they opened so that would be my only complaint (other than the minor one of that I would prefer my bread to be toasted or to have a toaster to toast my own bread) and that they don't seem to get into dinner time much so lunch is your main time to experience it right now BUT they do have some HUUUUUGE smokers so they appear to have the capacity to expand once they get up to full speed to drastically increase their meat output.  I haven't been this excited in quite a long time and this is HUUUUGE!!!
I am starting to get pretty grumpy over not ever being able to get burnt ends after many attempts. My visit today I arrive all bright and early only to be informed burnt ends are only available with some $50 sampler platter!  That is bad BBQ etiquette as if they got em I should be able to order them as the long standing rule is first come first serve!  To add insult to injury I got sliced brisket since they refused to serve me burnt ends but I got a substantially smaller portion than on past visits.  I never had such problems at the old location so WTF...  I guess I have to start calling ahead or some other irritating worthless waste of my mojo.Went here for Crawfish Festival, Crawfish not really my thing, too much work for little bit of meat but was excellent.Most important was the MUSIC, was AWESOME!! People there could not have been more hospitable plus raised $$$ for Shorty Foundation and Anders Osborne.. GREAT day of food, drink, MUSIC!! Hope they do next year!!What is there to say; best BBQ in NOLA hands down!  Same great BBQ as NOLA Smokehouse but in a cool restaurant/bar space.What are these people smoking? Way too expensive for what we got. Got me pissed, actually. Enough to sign up on Yelp. I treated a new employee to lunch at this place and we were still so hungry after dropping $43 for 2 measly plates+cokes+tax/tip that we would've picked up something else on the way back to the office if we weren't already late due to the sloooowww line and the ridiculous wait for what is (let's be honest here) precooked food. The meat had hardly any smoke flavor and it was so dry that I had to dump sauce all over my "fatty" brisket just so it wouldn't catch in my throat on the way down.
EDIT: A big Thank You! to Rob B. for your heartfelt personal compliments on my review. Obviously you're a real man of taste and discrimination.EXPENSIVE !
May be worth it.
I am from SW LA, Wife is from South Texas.  We KNOW the best BBQ.  Brother-in-law is  40 year professional BBQ cook at a very famous Texas BBQ Palace.
Ate at Central City last night.  "Burnt ends" were perfect.  Pork ribs were excellent.  Seasonings, degree of "cookedness", flavor, texture of both spot-on.  Ends were crunchy on one side, moist & juicy in center.
"Spoonbread" & slaw were A-OK.  Bacon "mac & cheese" nice.  The amounts were just about right.
Place is large, roomy, clean. BUT, super loud hard rock noise was very out of place in daylight in a South LA BBQ eatery.  
Coors $4/longneck; pricey.  
Condiments are a mix of Texas & Louisiana items, not bad.  Plenty parking off and on streets.
Sauces clearly labeled, adequate.  Two one-meat plates, one beer, one tea = $55 + tip.
Expensive but convenient, and the best BBQ meats, by far, we have found during our recent 9 years in N.O.  (My fourth time living here since 1963.)  I do miss BBQ BEEF ribs, though !
Noticed several groups of young adults came in, sat down, checked menu, got up, and left.
If they turn the noise down and put some more appropriate music on, we'll be back !  Actually, this would be a great "Happy Hour" place, were it not for that "music".
Why do so many of these owners feel that they must ruin an otherwise good experience with that damned extra loud "hard rock" "music" ?  Why doesn't a Southern BBQ place merit some Zydeco, C&W, Jimmy Buffet, Hank, Irma Thomas, N.O. Dixieland, Jazz; 'most anything but that awful "hard rock" ?
RickTried this place out for the first time a few weeks ago and WOW. I know that New Orleans is kind of lacking in the BBQ department but this place doesn't disappoint. I had the brisket, smoked sausage, and burnt ends for my meats and the spoon bread and mac n'cheese for my sides. The brisket was delicious and I love that they ask you how lean or fatty you want your brisket to be. The smoked sausage was honestly one of the highlights from the meal. The burnt ends were good but had much more to be desired. Both of the sides we had were delicious. The spoonbread and the mac n'cheese were cleaned off the plates and were so good that I had to get a few orders to-go. Overall, a great BBQ experience in NOLA and I will definitely be back!OMG,  I was craving some BBQ,  was about to drive to The Joint then remembered I read a review on Yelp about Central City BBQ so here I am.. OK 1st I'm happy that The Joint & CC BBQ are on opposite sides of the City...  2nd CC BBQ ambience reminds me of old New Orleans, the staff is extremely attentive and knowledgeable. Now about the food.... The Brisket melts in your mouth, the chicken is flavored nicely, the Crawfish and Pork Sausage (yes I said crawfish) is a must have... Now the sides,  I had the Sweet Corn Spoonbread & Brisket Chili.... Yesssssss both are to die for...  This place is a must visit 5 stars.. Can't wait until my next visit which will probably be next weekI got the two meat combo and was disappointed. The meat was just ok. But the portions were very small for the price. Three small pieces of brisket and two small ribs. The sides actually were better than the meat. Not an $18 meal. We now have many good BBQ options in New Orleans. I can't hear study returning here.Read a review of this restaurant on nola.com and I must agree the bbq here is awesome! Friendly atmosphere great staff and the food and drinks speaks for itself. I order the three meats combo plate....burnt ends briskets that's to die for, ribs that's cooked perfectly and smoked sausage. I also had baked beans  and after the bartender guaranteed me I won't be disappointed if I tried their coleslaw very delish!  First time here and it will not be my last!Excellent, came in right before close. Pork was on point! Brisket was fantastic, burnt-ends CANDY!! I'm guessing oak smoked, nice and subtle but certainly a wood burnt not electric BBQ, and not a reheated food from the day before place!!! ...  we will be back!! Can't wait for summer without giant patio.The food here was okay. I ordered the 2 meat combo: ribs and brisket. My sides were mac n cheese and baked beans. My food took forever to come! And when it did come my food was cold. The brisket wasn't bad. The ribs were good just cold.I ate here this past weekend. I was looking forward to it for a while and was a bit disappointed. The pros are the sheer size of the place. This place is huge. They have an outdoor area WITH a parking lot, they have a huge bar that is shaped like a square and is the center piece of the restaurant, then there are seating and large tv's on the other side of the restaurant. The spoon bread and the ribs are VERY tasty and worth going back for. Also, the service was quick and the gentleman behind the bar that served us was polite. 
The cons are the brisket, the rib tips, the burnt ends, the mac and cheese.... sadly not good. The meat was all EXTREMELY dry. The mac and cheese was dry too, not a bit creamy and bland. I could not finish it because my jaw was hurting from chewing so much,
The boudin was ok. I am picky on my boudin and it was not the worst I have eaten, but not the best either. The flavors were unique. It has some heat to it which I like, but I am not sure what was overpowering the boudin, maybe too much bell pepper? There wasnt enough meat, imo. But I did enjoy the spice. 
Overall, I more than likely will just go to The Joint for some good bbq. This location would be good for Saints games or partying.Very good service. Delicious food. Layed out so that it can serve large numbers of people efficiently. Do not leave without trying the chili!Here from San Diego visiting. Local recommended Central City BBQ. Super nice location. Clean and everyone friendly. Food is where it's at. Ordered burnt ends sandwich with Mac n cheese. Soo delicious. Tried the spoon corn bread and it was Ahmazing.  Followed it up with dessert of peanut butter pretzel pie and it was to die for. I wish this restaurant was back home. It is definitely on my must eat in New Orleans list for sureI didn't like it the first time I came but I gave them a second chance and I've been coming back ever since.  The ribs are insane.  Awesome pork.  Brisket is consistently dry.  Don't get it.  Everything else rules.  Eat the beans.First time at CCBBQ! We tried brisket burnt ends, brisket, pulled pork, and ribs! Brisket burnt ends were my favorite and all the sides were pretty good as well. A wonderful place to go when you have bbq cravingsVery good!  The chicken is soooo fresh and juicy - brisket - well done! And the sides - get the spoon bread and the potato salad . Can't wait to try the sampler for the fam! And they have parking!Had dinner there 6/30/17 with my wife and two friends. I found it to be mediocre at best. We had burnt ends, sausage, chili. The sausage was dried out and presliced. If you assembled it you would have gotten about a 2-3 inch piece. I was about as round as a hot dog. My wife liked the burnt ends bit you only got about 5 -6 very small cubes. The chili was like soup with a very few meat chunks in it. My friend had chicken brisket and beans. The beans tasted ok but they looked like they had been sitting in the bowl for hours. Chicken was dry. The best thing was the coleslaw. 
I find a lot of restaurants ate now just handling the craft beers on tap. Im tired of spending 5 bucks for a draft the tastes horrible. Lets reserve one tap for a good domestic light beer. Please 
THE JOINT IS THE LEADER SO FAR IN OUR LOCAL BBQ RESTAURANT UPSWING. 
1. THE JOINT
2. BLUE OAK
3. CENTRAL CITY
I will try HWY 23 nextThis is my new favorite BBQ spot in NOLA. I've visited here multiple times in the past and I've never stopped here before. The ribs were delicious, and they fell off the bone. They were very tender and the spices were on point. We also ordered some brisket and pulled pork nachos and they both were very yummy. I ordered the Mac and cheese and the kiddos ate it all up! I will definitely return, thank you!Delicious!!! Just get there ASAP! 
I've only sat at the bar the few times I've gone and the bartenders are always nice even when it's super busy.  The food never disappoints!Having just come back from a trip to West Texas and having had some of the best BBQ in the world. I was pleasantly surprised to find excellent smoked deliciousness right here in my own home town. New Orleans used to be a virtual BBQ desert. But it is no more. While I'm no connoisseur or expert foody. I do know good BBQ, from OK BBQ, from just plain bad BBQ. CCBBQ is excellent, good old lip smacking, finger licking good BBQ. But what stood out to me was the brisket. I've had Franklin BBQ in Austin, TX and thought that was the best brisket ever. This was right there with the best of the best. Healthy smoke ring. Well balance flavor between smoke, meat and spice. With moist, fall apart tenderness. The Bacon Mac and Cheese stood out as my favorite side, Next was the Brisket Chili, then the Pork and Beans. The food was hot and served promptly with a smile. Wait staff was friendly and helpful. With a large clean dining room, huge bar, lots of TV's. This is a great place to eat and hang out on the long summer New Orleans nights. We will be back for more for sure.Once my favorite eatery in New Orleans, CCBBQ is now the epitome of overpriced mediocre bbq. The departure of Chef Rob took with it everything that made this place special. The burnt ends were small, chewy, dry, and had no fat to them. The brisket had some fat on it, but the rest was bland. The pulled pork was tender but had no semblance of smokey flavor. The boudin was glorified mush. All of our sides (baked beans, sweet corn spoonbread, and bacon macaroni) were unexciting and average. The best part of my meal was the homemade peach tea. Homemade peach tea should never be the best part of a $40 meal at a BBQ establishment.We go to a lot of restaurants.  I tend not to leave reviews unless they make a big impression (good or otherwise) on me.  This place, dayyyyum.  The smoked Brussels sprouts and smoked wings are out of this world.  I could eat the sprouts for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Do yourself a favor and get the wings 'naked.'  They are delicious just like that but it also gives you the opportunity to try all the sauces.  The spicy BBQ is killer.  The vinegar has a great flavor but doesn't work well for wings, on pork I'm sure it's fantastic.  I never like sweet BBQ sauce, never.  Not even in Austin.  But here, yessir.  Great atmosphere and great happy hour!First off Chef Rob makes the best damn BBQ in New Orleans. The food is five stars. However, I came here just tasting the delicious burnt ends I used to get at Chef Rob's old place. You have to buy a $50 platter to get the burnt ends. When the cashier told me that it was one of those slow-mo "nooooooooo" moments. The price wasn't exactly feasible for my friend and me. Bring the burnt ends back to the people! Make the burnt ends one of the platter options! In short, the BBQ is still the best in NOLA, disappointed about the burnt ends.
Update: You can now get burnt ends as a platter option! Chef Rob listens!! Yay!!! Love this place!!If you havent been there yet the answer is YES. GO!  The sauces add some kick. Or sweetness. 
P.S. the corn spoonbread is AMAZING! Get one to go!Just when you think Chef/ Pit master Rob BBQ was good when he had his prior place. He out does his self with the new opening of Central city. The dream is alive here with not just GREAT food but the whole environment is so cool. The staff is on point and the place has a bar now. Just make sure you get there early cause he is still popular and may run out. Great job chef looks to forward to seeing what else you have planned.Came to the auxiliary location in the Pythian market place. We had the brisket sandwich, smoked wings, mac n cheese, coleslaw, and spoon bread. Everything was yummy delicious, except the spoon bread,  it was too salty. The prices we reasonable too. We'd definitely come back whenever we're in town and want good smoked bbq food.Great BBQ!!  Being from Memphis and a BBQ expert, it is very comparable. I'll definitely be dining here to have a taste of home.  Everyone should give this place a try.I move away from New Orleans and the BBQ scene begins to explode! Just my luck.  Now I just have to eat it when I come to visit.  I saw Central City BBQ on a list made by Thrillist for the top 33 BBQ joints in America.  Thrillist needs to hire me by the way.  They can look at my Yelp history for my interview and resume.  I have to say, that Central City BBQ might make my top 33 BBQ joint list.  But I can think of several other BBQ joints that would be ranked higher on my list.  That doesn't mean I did not enjoy Central City.
It is out of the way of the business of downtown New Orleans but close enough.  They have their own parking lot with picnic tables outside.  The inside is like coming outside from someone's patio with sliding glass doors.  The bar area is right at the door.  The tables, floor, and wall are newly furnished.  There are TVs on the wall.
You order at the counter and it is to the left if you enter through the sliding glass doors.  There is a chalkboard to the right with the menu on it but there are paper menus at the counter.  You can take a peak at the kitchen while you order.  I had read much about the brisket and burnt ends so that was my choice for 2 meats.  I would have gone for more but I was not as hungry as usual.  The sides gave me problems and I explained my dilemma to the lady at the counter.  I had to pick 2 sides out of the 3 I had narrowed down.  The guy who was cutting meat heard my cry and he answered as he let me sample all 3! I loved that and I left a big tip even though all they did was bring me my food after that.  The 2 sides I went with were the potato salad and the sweet corn spoonbread.  I considered the mac and cheese but didn't like it as much as the 2 sides I decided on.
My brisket was very good...almost excellent.  I would say though it was not elite.  The burnt ends were also very good with the crunchy bark on the outside and the tender brisket inside.  My friend let me sample his pulled pork and I enjoyed it.  I tried Central City at about 815 at night.  I think it would have been on another level if I had it like say at noon during the day.  It was all very good and I would eat it again in a heartbeat.  I just think it needed something extra to put it on a higher level.  
The potato salad was a creamy mustard blend.  There were no chunks of anything in it and I loved it.  But the sweet corn spoonbread was amazing! Basically, it was a smushed up cornbread in a cup.  Sweet is an accurate description of it.  I would choose it as my side again everytime I go.  
There are 4 sauces - sweet, vinegar, spicy, and NolaBama. All sauces were fabulous! I liked the NolaBama sauce the best.  It is a white BBQ sauce with an interesting black pepper tanginess to it.  The sweet and spicy seemed to be a blend of tomato and vinegar with one taking on a sweet taste and the other a spicy taste.  The vinegar seems to be made with some kind of hot sauce.  Just like most cases, you need a meat like pulled pork to soak it up.  The vinegar one just kind of lays on the brisket.  
Sweet tea was refreshingly sweet!
Central City is a solid 4 star for me but has the potential to be a 5 star.Oh my god! Love love love this place! Amazing Mac and cheese and pulled pork sandwich! A restaurant with great food and vibe! Will definitely come again!April is awesome.   Mike drop.   This restaurant was closing for the night,  and they would not sell us anything that wasn't fresh.   We loved it.   They made us feel like we were the only people there,  and all the food was fantastic!  The burnt tips,  to the chicken wings and the brisket were off the hook.   One in my party of 5 had the chili,  and would have enjoyed that as his entrie.  Highly recommend this restaurant!Sat at the bar which was ok but it took a while to get waited on. Time was about 1:30 so not exactly prime time. Had a pulled pork plate.  The pork was tender but had basically no smoke taste. Very disappointed. The sides of potato salad and spoon bread were very good. 
The place looks nice and there's plenty of parking at the church across the street. 
Just expected better BBQ.First visit here. Wanted to try another BBQ spot just because. Nice place on the inside. Spacious with the perfect lighting. Guy at counter was extremely nice and welcoming. But the food and the serving size was a disappointment. Got 2 meat plate instead of 3 meat b/c they were out of ribs, which I wanted and rib tips. Got burnt ends which were very dry and brisket which was ok but lacking a little flavor. Bacon Mac and cheese which was not good to me and sweet corn spoonbread which was ok. I pay $17 for 2 meats and 2 sides. The brisket was, no kidding, about the same size of white bread that they give you. Ridiculous. Won't be back.Food was ok.   Chicken breast was dry and definitely needed sauce (I had vinegar), which I thought was the exceptional.  Collards, mac and cheese and potato salad were good but very over priced as side items.The BEST BBQ in the city.  Went for Father's Day and did take out last weekend.  The drinks/cocktails need some work but everything else is excellent!Great place to eat.  The meats were so tender and the sides were delicious.Complete let down. I'd been following their IG page for months before I moved to the city. Everything looked so good, couldn't wait to try it. Ordered the smoked wings and the ribs and they both left much to be desired. The wings were crispy and pretty but lacked flavor/seasoning other than some strange sugar gains on top. The ribs were skimpy and seemed boiled before being smoked. Give it a shot tho... I however coulda saved that $37.I went there for lunch and the decor was extremely nice.  Got a two meat plate with 2 sides.  But like everyone says "the whole experience" is what counts...
The burnt ends amounted to about 6 cubes of meat, 3 dry ribs, and a mac-n-cheese that looked fantastic, but fell short on taste.  I mean just look at the pic.  
The salad  was in a nice tight cup with cap of dressing.  (It ain't like that chicken joint)
As for fresh squeezed Arnold Palmer and Limeade-- they could fill it with Simply Lemonade and serve real juice indefinitely at half the cost.
The ends did have flavor, but it came directly from the fat.  I should have tried regular brisket, as they were out of pulled pork at noon.
It amounted to "bits and pieces" from the bacon chunks you can get at some markets.
For some it might be a 5-star experience, but for me it was a garage that was remodeled very nice.  There was a reception room, a nice bar, and worn woodwork.  There was a crew working on the outdoor deck.
The presentation was nice , but I just can't visualize myself repeatedly visiting at $28/person for a lunch.  I give out 5 stars all the time, but it's just not feeling me here, dig it?Came here today with my boss for lunch.  We ordered the 3 meats.  The brisket, pulled pork and the rib tips.  Our favorite was the pork.  We had mac and cheese with bacon.  It was perfect and warm.  The cornbread was good, but slightly dry.  We will be back.  We like that you can get in and get out quick.  Everyone was extremely nice as well! We will be back!Ordered ribs and sliced brisket. Both were well seasoned. I ordered the rib tips for an appetizer. They were good but a little tougher than I like. The white sauce in the squeeze bottle earned this spot an extra star. Do your self a favor and order a smoked meat pie or 2; best thing on a menu.My favorite BBQ in the city! Recommend the brisket and pulled pork - great flavors, plus the sides are amazing too!You are tucked in your warm bed probably dreaming of sugarplum fairies when your phone goes off. Its 4am! Has someone died? Was there an emergency? Oh no! Your heart races. 
No, its just Discover card asking if you were using your card at Central City BBQ right now. Right now? Um, no - its 4AM! I'm in pajamas. Are they even open at this hour? I have been there, once, it was two weekends ago and that charge has already cleared completely. Shut down the card as fraud, because who is eating BBQ right now. So now its 4am and you are wide awake, freaked out about identity theft and gonna be dragging butt tomorrow at work. You decide to check out that charge from two weekends ago just to be sure. Nope its posted. But wait, wheres the tip? The tip just came thru two weeks later- separately, right now at 4am. No other restaurants do this. How is this even possible?! And because of this now your credit card is disabled, and everything website and reoccurring charge associated with the account will have to be switched. 
Awesome! ...and Im still wide awake at an ungodly hour.  
I was raving about this place to everyone because the food was good and its really close to my work which would be very convenient for all of us to grab lunch, but this whole credit card disaster has got me pretty upset.I am giving this review another stat because the manager reached out to us and asked us to give them another shot. That in itself is good business. We are going to have lunch there this week and I will update again then.This restaurant has a good BBQ atmosphere to it, but it's sad the the food is not as good. I had the smoked sausage and burnt ends with a side of potato salad and Mac and cheese. The sausage was pretty good. I was actually very happy with it and their white sauce (forgot the name of it). The burnt ends were dry as hell. Seemed like they were just sitting out all day or they were smoked at too high of a temperature. I've had a lot of burnt ends in my life and they can be very juicy and flavorful. These fell short of the mark. The sides also fell short. The potato salad was unseasoned and the Mac and cheese was dry. I really wanted this place to be better, but the BBQ scene now is so good that it's hard to compete.I love barbeque and wanted to like this restaurant because it is only 1 mile from my home. The staff were friendly, but the food was terrible.  There were 3 barbeque sauces to choose from, none well balanced.  The meat was dry and tasted overcooked and like it had been sitting under heat lamps. The macaroni was overcooked and mushy. The hand cut fries were cooked in oil not hot enough, and they were a soggy, oily mess. This is maybe the worst barbeque I have had.The BBQ is marinated so good ! They give you a generous amount of meat (pic doesn't show justice) believe me I had to go see it for myself. It was MORE than enough for two people. Can't wait to come back. We got the brisket , Cajun fries & cornbread spoon.Disappointed...pix looked so good but our takeout was perhaps not representative of an inhouse experience?  Brisket was too lean and dried out...sausage meh, the sides were 2/3rds filled (beans + coleslaw, why not send out full containers?)...gotta say again disappointed!
Really 2.5 but I thought ribs were above average, not great but above average.   $45 not a drop and the JOINT is in my backyard, this place a schlepp.Was very excited about first visit to CCBBQ. I was a huge fan of NOLA Smokehouse on Jackson Avenue and thought the quality of the food there would continue at CCBBQ. Have to say I was disappointed. We ordered the two meat plate with ribs and brisket. The ribs were seasoned and cooked well but had very little actual meat. The Brisket was mostly fat and about half of the serving was inedible. Sides were average quality and serving size. While eating I learned that the prior owner of NOLA Smokehouse was fired by the investors shortly after CCBBQ opened because he didn't want to open on weekends or have extended hours. The difference in quality is telling. In my humble opinion, Blue Oak still is tops in New Orleans BarbequeThe burnt ends are awesome. I love going straight to the bar. Some of the best bbq in the city.Got there at 5:30 on a Saturday evening. There were no ribs. Like are you kidding me? No ribs at a BBQ joint for dinner! Then my wife wanted the brisket chili. You guessed it. No brisket chili. So we got the sliced brisket. It was cold. The bbq sauce also leaves a lot to be desired. Won't go back.Delicious! Even thought they didn't have the wings the tips and brisket were phenomenal. My husband and I loved it so much and we are huge bbq peopleMy love for Chef Rob's bbq lives again! After NOLA Smokehouse closed before my mom had a chance to visit (she saw my review and felt some type of way) I knew I had to somehow make her a disciple as well. So far, converts include the aforementioned mom, my brother and my coworkers here in NOLA.
So....ummm.... the brisket.... not even the burnt end part.... just the regular degular part that's on the sandwich. AWESOME & the sauce? AWESOMESAUCE!!!
There's a jar of "spicy" in my fridge at all times.
I usually can't get over here until late in the day, so I'm telling yu from experience that the earlier you arrive the better chance of getting what you want. Everybody isn't meant to live on the edge like me. I walk in at 4:02 (they close at 5 or when the delicious runs out) and there's a list of things that are long gone from the day's offerings. That's me, though. You may not be emotionally ready for that kind of heartbreak.
Get there early.
Also, 1dollar high life ponies.
I'm with it.
Almost miss my sandwich every time... but with it nonetheless ; )Jacob C and I went to Central City BBQ to watch the Saint's devastating loss to the Vikings.  Despite the game, this was solid spot to watch the game and grab food.  
We started by ordering the smoked wings with buffalo sauce.  Excellent wings.  Decent quality wings with a nice smokey flavor.  Wings were doused with the buffalo sauce but weren't drowning.  Great starter.
I had the brisket burnt ends and chopped brisket.  The burnt ends were fantastic.  Nice meat with perfect marbling.  These were hands down my favorite.  The chopped brisket was a little too charred on the outside for my taste.  I tried all the sauces.  My favorite was the sweet BBQ sauce followed by their vinegar sauce.  Those two were solid.  
I had two sides to go along with my meats.  The potato salad was a bust IMHO.  Hard pass for next time.  The sweet corn spoonbread was great.  It was a beautiful fat-boy blend of carbs and butter.  It was too rich to eat it all, but I gave it a good run.
Central City BBQ is a great BBQ spot.  It does not beat out Blue Oak in my opinion but gives it a good run.  Forgot to mention, terrible location but great parking.SO GOOD!! The barbecue was AWESOME!! Everything really. And when they tell me to "Just order under the hog." I am GAME!By FAR, the nicest Barbeque Restaurant ever! FOOD IS AMAZING! We tried a variety of meats and every side! The environment is fun, music is good, super clean and open. I look forward to having a party there sometime, as there is a perfect area for a private party!Pulled pork sandwich was delicious! Service was great. 
They have a pet friendly patio.The food is good, but kinda spendy over 15 dollars for a sandwich and coke. It's kind of a chaotic mess you stand in line for over 30 min, then have nowhere to sit except the bar. We shared the tiger sauce sandwich with is brisket with caramelized onions it was pretty good, the potatoes salad is amazing all in all we will go back to try the pulled pork and slaw but not right at lunchtime.Ribs are spectacular! Came for the Auburn alumni game against Texas A&M and the food and service are great. Our bartender Kylie is one spot her little trick with opening beer bottles was cool.Great BBQ. Outdoor seating and indoor seating plus a great bar. The outdoor space is gravel so watch out for your feet. The sandwiches are large and delicious. Go before the lunch crowd hits.Amazing BBQ . Service is great ribs are to die for. Only place in New Orleans that I can find that sells rib tipsFood was amazing. Ribs fell off the bones and the smoke turkey was so tender. Definitely a place to stop and eat some good BBQ!First time in, we were pretty enamored.  The BBQ and sauces are on point.  I've had the ribs, pulled pork, brisket and burnt ends.   All is pretty good... the pulled pork could use some help - maybe more moisture would help.  Pickles, spoon bread and Potato salad are A++!!  The atmosphere and restaurant is very well put together, we usually sit at the bar and receive good service as a result.  The second and last time we were in we observed and experienced a couple off putting experiences.  The first was the bartender carding a middle aged woman and man clearly in their 50's.  The woman who left her purse in the car, had to walk a block away to get her ID, just to order a beer.  I've never seen anything like it.  Get a clue.  The second situation I experienced myself - and it was two times in the same sitting and dealt with pricing.  I ordered lemonade, and was offered different flavors - I choose satsuma.  The menu price states $4 however the bill was $5 for the drink.  When I asked why there was a discrepancy the bartender said it was a dollar more to have a flavored lemonade.  Guys - it's not mentioned in the menu and was never mentioned that it came as an up charge.  For $5 I would have ordered a beer.  The second pricing issue was with the burnt ends, that day being sold by the pound and half pound at $25 a pound as listed on the chalk board.  Naturally I assumed that half a pound would be half the price - $12.50.  Bill comes and the price is $13.  It's a small issue obviously but will put some folks off...OK,
We went back.  As promised, music was both lower and much better.
Food still excellent. Had the "greens & hocks", or similar.  "Burnt ends" still excellent.
Still expensive, still worth it.
Go try for yourself !
RickBest in the 504. The sides are great. We had the spoonbread and smoked greens. The pulled pork was excellent. Portions are plenty enough. Definitely return. Great layout. Service is good.Huge space, fancy kitchen, full bar with huge amounts of seating, and even an outdoor seating area with picnic tables.  You'll generally wait, but service/speed issues appear to have been fixed after the first few days of business and if you get there early there will be little issue.  I have to admit I'm not a fan of the "scarcity" strategy to run out of food every day but you do have limited smoker space and I have to admit it tends to work.
The ribs are fantastic and don't need any sauce, while the burnt ends continue to be my favorite choice and are excellent plus the sweet sauce goes very well with the rub.  Pulled pork sandwiches are huge, basically a full sized poboy roll filled with pork and coleslaw (if you get the Old Timer) - there's a lot of pork and for $9 this is probably the best value on the menu but I would personally still prefer less bread - maybe that's just me.  Sides are small but also great: spoonbread, beans, potato salad, and of course slaw and house made pickles.  I wish they offered mac & cheese, but I'll settle for great spoonbread.
I've spent a lot of time in BBQ cities and visited many BBQ joints across the country and Central City BBQ matches up to just about anything.  Very well done.I had the pleasure of ordering a large sample plate on a rainy New Orleans day last March/April through UberEats.  Central City BBQ was awesome.  My food was fresh, well plated and Ohh so tasty.  The mac and cheese w/ bacon was yummy and the ribs were tender and tasty.  The Brisket was So tender, so flavorful and juicy....the type of juicy you get when you cut it fresh of the grill before you let it rest juicy.  They sent me a variety of sauces but none was needed b/c the meat really does stand on it's own and like most New Orleanians', I require sauce to be baked on to my bbq.  Did not need it at all.  They did a great job. Can't wait to order again.We had the burnt ends, boudin, and ribs with roasted Brussels sprouts and spoonbread.
The meat was great, didn't need any BBQ sauce.  What really stood out to me was the roasted Brussels sprouts, probably the best I have ever had.On vacation in New Orleans and was told this was the best BBQ in New Orleans.  If you are visiting from St. Louis, Kansas City, or Austin you can rightly proclaim that your BBQ back home is slightly better but If you are visiting from elsewhere be prepared to be blown away.  Here are my thoughts:
Pit Beans: A+ smoky, savory, clearly homemade with beans that had firmness to them (not mushy) chunks of meat, and bits of various seasoning.  Some of the best beans I have had in my life.
Pulled Pork: A great pork, tender, smoky not overly fatty.  Pretty close to perfect. 
Beef Brisket:  A. Another Wow.  You will find better Brisket in Austin and St. Louis but for the Southeast this I can't recall any Brisket this good. 
Sauce: A+.  Four kinds. Sweet, Spicy, Carolina Vinegar, and New Orleans white.  All homemade.  All different and distinct.  The Spicy has kick without being overpowering.  These sauces can compete with any BBQ place in America. 
Mac &a Cheese:  B-... Nothing special about Mac with some bacon on it.  I was looking for some breadcrumbs but did not find any.  This is better than Craft dinner but not on the same level of the rest of their food. 
Ice Tea:  A... Brewed fresh sweet and un-sweet with fresh lemon wedges by the tea.   If wonder why I rate tea it is because serving tea from a soda fountain (not brewed) is sacrilege and should be punished with the offender being tarred and feathered. 
Overall A.  This place made Thrillist's list of Best 33 Barbecue Restaurants in America for 2017.  It is easy to see why.Finally got back on a nice springtime Sunday afternoon, seeking the Brisket ends to take-out.
Place was out of those, and out of the pork ribs.
Did get some very tasty "rib tips", which were inexpensive.
I don't understand the prices here.
But, am encouraged sufficiently to return to try the brisket ends again, soon.
Stay-tuned; will report back again.
RickGreat food, great place, drinks could be a tad better but overall I love it here.... ribs and pull poke is a must have wash it down with the1201 rampant and you are all set.I love great traditional barbecue, and, to me, that comes down to brisket and pork butt, so that's what I'll comment on.  Others have discussed the facility, atmosphere, and price, all of which I found to be good. The staff was particularly friendly.
The pulled pork shoulder was outstanding. Very smoky in the Carolina/Georgia style, and very moist with the perfect amount of bark and fat mixed in with the meat. The brisket, however, was a disappointment.  My serving came from the flat or lean section of the brisket, which is a challenge to get right. It was dry and had absolutely no fat content, and very little smokiness.
The available sauces, of which little is needed on great barbecue, were very tasty and true to style, especially the vinegar/salt/pepper version for the pulled pork.  Side dishes are often a disappointment, even in good BBQ joints, but the sides I tried here (mac and cheese and slaw) were amongst the best I've ever had, and my travels have taken me across Texas and through the carolinas and Georgia.Well, the food is solid to pretty good, nice TVs for sports. And some of the staff were nice. Strange bartender exchange over whether I could have a lemonade without ice (apparently no). Was told that ice was "part of the recipe" and could get a half glass without ice, or whole with...and this was after much initial hand wringing over proof/receipt that I'd purchased said lemonade...after spending $50 on it all. Just a lot of bs for what should be a fun, chill spot.
Wish the guy had put more effort into just being professional, courteous.I realize this place just opened, so I hate to be too critical while they are finding their way. With a few tweaks, this could be a good place. 
Ribs - the bone part was huge but didn't actually have much meat on it. Good flavor but the meat wasn't "falling off the bone tender." I tend to like a juicier rib.
Burnt ends - very dry. 
Sausage -  didn't have grill marks; it just appeared to be warmed, not grilled with a crispy charred exterior. 
Sauce - got the sweet kind, it was delicious!! I want to put it on everything.
Coleslaw - Appalling that they would serve this. It had a distinct taste of dirt or mud. I'm not the only one in my dining party who said this. The cup was filled about 1/4 of the way, it could have fit in a condiment container. If they are only serving a tablespoon or two, they need to get smaller take out cups because when it's in a bigger cup you feel cheated if it's not filled all of the way.
Corn pudding/spoon bread - Okay. It was tasty but a little gummy.
Beans - very good flavor and FILLED with meat. I could have made a meal out of this and the sauce.
Will check the Yelp reviews in a few months to see if they've improved, and if so I'll give them another try.Came for dinner with family. Ordered 2 3-meat combo which is more than enough for 6 people. Got brisket, brisket burnt edge, chicken, rib, cornbread and Mac & Cheese. Everything was great!! Especially the Mac &Cheese, cornbread, and  chicken. Yum. Service was quick. Bartender was busy and looked overworked but she kept smiling and providing great service. Even offered to deliver the drink to out table even though she was falling behind on making the drinks. Liked the atmosphere.The food is AMAZING here. So much flavor, BBQ is tender, and the atmosphere is what you'd expect from a classic BBQ restaurant. However, we started by sitting at the bar, and I'm under 21 so the bartender said we could order food at the bar but we couldn't sit there which is stupid but I understand it's the law. Once we sat down the bartender came over, gave my mom the beer she ordered, and condescendingly explained their ordering process by saying, "you choose two meats, two sides, and you pay either at the counter or the bar. That's how barbecue places work. Wink wink." And gave us a thumbs up, as if every BBQ restaurant in America operates like this one. That being said, both of the waitresses we talked to were extremely helpful and very sweet, and when we told them about the trouble we had with the bartender's attitude they apologized and gave us a free brownie. Overall if I lived in the area I'd definitely come back, but I'd dodge Pete behind the bar.went there for lunch, nice atmosphere, friendly service. 
bought the 2 meat lunch plate and lemonade. $26 bucks. 
serving size was descent, taste ok, but 26 bucks for lunch, for that price there's more and better options...This is our new favorite BBQ spot in the city, even though there are so many great options now.  The restaurant is convenient just off Calliope and the Ponchartrain Expressway.  The lot is surrounded by shipping containers and the branding/illustrations are really nice touch.  Very creative and portent of the quality of food and attention to detail with the food and friendly service.  There are ample picnic tables outside for outdoor eating by the gravel lot, and the inside has traditional ledge/booth seating around the dining room, as well as bar seating.  In the back is a great private room with a stage for entertainmment and private events.  I like that there are daily side specials and desserts.  There is also a large cupboard next to the ordering window to get your own seasonings, wet wipes, and fountain drinks.  You can skip the line and order your meal directly from the bar which is nice and the bar tenders are super friendly.  I have tried their wings and also the quarter chicken, both are good - but the wings have a sugary rub on them that can be a little heavy handed.  The white Alabama sauce is really delicious.  My husband loves their pulled pork, says it is in the top 2 of the city, and their chili is outstanding.  Their brussel sprouts are very good, but that is usually a special.  Their potato salad is almost as good as Di Martino's, but it is an excellent potato salad - seasoned perfectly.  We have not tried their desserts yet because they ran out the time that we tried to order some.So, my buddy from Cali surprised me in NOLA. He's been eating good seafood all weekend and now wants BBQ. We try Central City BBQ. I have been in NOLA for 6 months and I have become a self proclaimed foodie. I ordered they're special of the day...."3 Turkey Tacos. What a waste! I paid $11 dollars for the Tacos alone. They were small with not enough meat to cover half the taco and very scantily cilantro and No sauce. Now my buddy was in town so I picked up his meal. With tip I dropped $39.90 for 3 sorry small no taste tacos. My buddy ordered the chicken and 3 ribs. When your rib bones make up 3/4 of your ribs...not good. The BBQ sauce he put on the came out like water...they must add water to the bottles every night to stretch the sauce. Lol. He did say that even his meal was not good BBQ.I love BBQ and this is one of the best I've had. We tried the burnt ends, brisket, ribs and chicken wings. All were great!Cool building with easy parking.  Friendly Staff and I interacted with three.  
We got some to go food for the game tonight and yes .50 per item gets excessive. $3.00  for my order
2 pulled pork sand
1 Mac n cheese
1 cole slaw
1 brisket chili
1 fries
Pulled pork is great,  toasted the bread at home made it even better.  Meat was cold .  Mix of spicy and sweet sauce was great
Mac n cheese alright nothing to rave about.  
Fries fresh cut fabulous
Brisket chili really really good
Missing from the order vinegar sauce and Cole slaw.  
Definitely will return but will pay attention if it's to go. 
Worth your timeTraveled the Country last year eating BBQ in Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico on my way to the Grand Canyon love BBQ. Today had some of the best BBQ in New Orleans burnt beef end, Pitt beans, spoon bread and house made pickle all on point great job Central City BBQWent last weekend and still thinking about the brisket. They've been open a little under a year from what i was told but i expect this place to be doing great things when i return.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.Had a blast, the place was designed so well. It is a modern rustic feel. If you sit in the back there is plenty of room for a big family like mine. Also big screens to watch the gameMy favorite bbq. Ever. My bf loves bbq and we tend to eat it a lot so I'm happy I've found a place where I can go to more than once a week and not get tired of. 
I used to go to the owner's original bbq restaurant when it was Nola Smokehouse and when it closed I was devastated. No other bbq had come close since. We were so excited when the chef came back with a new restaurant. 
10/10 would recommend. Everything I've had here has been extremely flavorful and worth it. I tend to get food envy when someone else orders something better than mine but I've been more than happy each time I've visited and tried something new. Get the burnt ends! And the boudin has kick without being too spicy. Coming back for the brisket chili soon. My friend got it and the chunks of meat in there makes it a hearty and filling side/soup.Cute, little gem just outside of the main part of the city. We stopped here on the way to the Louisiana Children's Museum, for a late lunch at 2pm. We ordered the Three Meat Plate with Brisket, Sausage, and Ribs. We got fried and Mac & cheese with it, and it came with jalapeo-soaked pickles and onions with a slice of bread. You had to request BBQ sauce separately, but it was free. The whole plate cost $22. Very reasonable for the area and quality. You could buy bottle or canned sodas, or use the fountain machine, and they had lemonade and iced tea, as well. The mac and cheese was a little cold, but the meat was GREAT, seasoned well, and fork-tender. The cries were really good, crispy, and well-seasoned - not too greasy. Would definitely come here again. Tasty food, free street parking, reasonable price, and outside the noise of the main city.Great spot for game day. Food and service was awesome! I had the burnt ends sandwich and the bacon Mac and cheese, I enjoyed both.Yes, though late to the party, New Orleans does have a BBQ culture now.  And Central City, a quick Uber from the Quarter/CBD/Superdome, is the best expression of it so far.Best lunch spot for BBQ around. Also portions are huge, restaurant is super fun and bar is good. My new fav spot.There's a new BBQ sheriff in town!  New to me, at least.  Central City has a gem that looks to be here for a long time. Excellent quality, wide selection,  tasty sides, interesting sauces, and reasonable prices.  Easily the cleanest BBQ restaurant ever. We came for lunch and I suppose that it could get busy for supper.  Hard surfaces make conversations strained to be heard over the ambient noise, but provides a pleasant energizing vibe.Love these guys from when they were NOLA smokehouse. Gone in three times now- just about everything is perfect. The burnt ends are great. However, the brisket has been consistently dry!! Wtf. Fix this. I know you're better than this. Also the chicken is dry as #%^* too!BBQ Sampler $49 - split 4 ways
3 ribs
Quarter chicken
Chopped brisket, my favorite
Sliced brisket
Pulled pork
Smoked sausage
Smoked bounin, mushy sausage (3 pieces)
Creole slaw
Baked beans
Creamed corn spoon bread
Bacon Mac and cheese
Extremely fast serviceSucculent, moist pulled pork. Peppery ribs whose meat slid off the bone. We were moaning in delight even before sampling the crunchy pickles and sweet spoon bread.I really enjoyed my first trip to central city bbq. I'm a die hard blue oak fan but I feel like all the areas that Blue oak could be better, this place excels. I absolutely love the white sauce on the table and that alone will keep me coming back. The sweet sauce was great too. The Mac n cheese is by far my favorite of all the bbq places. It's creamy and delicious. The only thing I longed for were Brussels sprouts, but the corn pudding like side was enough to distract me from my craving. Do not miss out on the brisket burnt ends. It's well worth the upcharge. The place has a great big bar you can order at and a huge patio and was a good place to bring my daughter for dinner. I'll be back!Always great food! Lots of options. Love the atmosphere & friendly staff too! Always parking available!Oh man, oh man, oh man, there's a new BBQ Sheriff in town! 
First let's talk about the psychedelic hog on the side of the building, it's a thing of beauty! Bright, bold and beautiful just like the BBQ you will find inside. 
The restaurant is huge, lots of seating and a bar big enough for a whole rugby team to sit at! Well stocked with lots of local beer and spirits for any cocktail you could think of.
Now the food, I recommend you start with the wings they are deliciously smoky and juicy.
The brisket comes fatty or lean I suggest you get mix that way you get a good taste of Central City BBQ's flavor profiles which are delicious and create a brisket that is almost perfect.
The pull pork is not overly smokey or sweet but a perfect balance of the two and very moist. The ribs are as they shouldn't be and by that I mean cooked with a dry rub and none of that overly sweet St. Louis b.s. 
Now you know a BBQ place has its game on point when the sides are as good as the meat. Def get the mac and cheese and the cornbread thing I guarantee that you will catch all the feels!
Central City BBQ is definitely a most on the NOLA food scene.Definitely just a hype! I went based off of some of the 5 star reviews and ordered from this place off of Postmates. That in itself was very disappointing. While it quotes delivery is 35-50min, my order didn't arrive until an 1hr and 15min minutes later. I was never even contacted to be advised it would take longer than the expected time. 
The food came cold and truly tasted bland to me. The ribs were very salty and the pulled pork and brisket very bland. Good thing i had requested sauce on the side! The Brussel sprouts were great though, but nowhere near worth the $22 they charge for the combo plate.  You could get such better quality and tasting food. 
I wouldn't ever eat here again.Truly enjoyable spot with really great ribs and burnt end brisket.  Great attentive service from Al!  Will return!  Loved the sides also!I live so close so I thought this would be a great go to - no more driving to the joint but I was wrong. Wayyyy to over priced (their brisket is like 17 and the joint is like 12). We came around 815 they close at 9 no real line. But food was cold, too expensive and some of our orders were wrong. 
Positives were friendly staff great space and a kind bartender. 
I think I will drive to the bywater for BBQ.So I know NO is not a BBQ place but was really disappointed with this place. Has great reviews but they were out of ribs and sausage. This weekend was the Jazz fest and their Basketball team made it to the play-offs, so to me they should have plenty in stock but got the burnt-ends, pulled pork and chicken for the main and then got the smoke house beans, Mac-and-cheese and the corn spoonbread. 
The sides rocked! They are what saved my meal and didn't have me leaving hungry. For starters, all the meat was super dry and had no real flavor. The brunt-ends were a great size and looked great but there was not a run or any real seasoning to speak of. They were dry to the point that you could coat them in sauce and nothing would stay. The pulled pork was better but still no real taste. Normally you try to rehydrate the meat before serving but could not see or taste it. As for the the chicken leg, yeah...I didn't not know you could over-cook dark meat that bad. 
As for price verses portion size? I felt I paid more than what I got. One leg, 4 pieces of burnt-ends and maybe a quarter pound of pork but maybe it was an off day. If I am ever back here I would give it another try but it didn't not shine for me.On my maiden voyage here, I came for the Culinary Fight Club pitmaster event. While the event was four hours and nothing pre-cooked, we headed inside for some wings as an appetizer. There are a variety of sauces to choose from and all were delicious. The Alabama White is ridiculously good!
Fun spot in Central City! They also have a large private room that is very spacious. I'd imagine this venue would be perfect for a corporate party, rehearsal dinner, etc.The food and service was amazing, Nick was the bartender and our server he was fun, it was. Very enjoyable and relaxing time, the BBQ was amazing, would definitely come back when I am in town, the manager also give us a great tour of the smokehouse.Food has gone down in taste and quality since they opened. There were Very few pieces of burnt ends in the chili. It was mostly water.and, prices are expensive.After a long debate we decided on central city BBQ. Expensive cab ride all the way to find out they had no ribs or chicken. How does a BBQ place have no ribs and chicken. Big disappointment. Called ahead to see if reservations were needed it would have been nice for a heads up at that point.This place is amazing!!! Their food is out of this world plus their staff is so friendly. Love the environment of this restaurant. I highly recommend the corn bread, it is so amazing.To start. Pete behind the bar might be the best bartender/server I've bee encountered. He immediately made a personal connection with me, provided excellent service and went above and beyond in every way. The food here is wonderful, but the service is so exceptional that I felt it needed 5 stars. I'm not a native but moved here before Katrina. Simple fact: this city had Dogshit-level customer service. It's so refreshing going to a place where the service is so above average.Not enough food for the price. The flavor was okay. The staff were really nice, I had a really good conversation with a waitress who was 8 months pregnant!!! I'd return only to support the establishment but not because of the food.We are through with this place.
We have eaten there some 4 or 5 times.  It was very expensive, but the meats were very good.  i especially liked the "burnt ends", which were all meat, crispy on one side, pink on the other, juicy, and well seasoned.  
Most of the sides were way too sugary, but tasty.  $5 domestic beer.
Being the week before Mardi Gras, our in city travel is limited.  There are three parades between home & this place tonight.
Wife went this afternoon, bought 1.5# of the "burnt ends" to go, $45.
When we opened the container, we found large chunks of beef brisket, about 1/3 fat, unseasoned, over-cooked, & dried out.  Nothing slightly like the great meats I had enjoyed at the restaurant.
I am giving-up on this place.  Every time we go it was some problem; never the same problem, but a big problem.
You have been warned!
RickOkay, so BBQ is a touchy subject in the south, to say the least. 
But here are my 5 reasonswhy I would put this on your NOLA BBQ List (you have one of those right?)
1. Location/Space. Though this part of town is in the gentrification stages (take it or leave it), you shouldn't ignore what is going on in this neighborhood when it comes to exploring. This is a great spot to start a day and walk to a couple little museums, local shops, etc. Also, the actual space has a huge outdoor patio (they hold mini festivals here), so you never have to worry about fighting for seating like at some other BBQ spots in the city. 
2. The meats... really they have alllll the meats. And I have yet to be disappointed in the meats. Their chicken is delicious. 
3. The sauces! I love anywhere that I can mix and match my sauces. Here every table is equipt with a sweet, spicy and vinegar sauce. My personal favorite is 2 parts sweet and 1 part spicy. But mix your own. 
4. Gluten Free/Dairy Free Options - While I can't eat everything on the menu... there are plenty of options! And even some rotating daily specials that I delve into. 
5. The vibe - it is fast, but not rushy. Clean but far from sterile. Friendly, but not too overbearing. There is generally just a good energy about it. 
Notes: My friends who can eat gluten love the cornbread. Never estimate the power of french fries (why don't more BBQ places serve them). It is worth trying the homemade limeade and/or lemonade.Meh, overly hyped place.  It's just a trendy place.  Food was ok but staff isn't too friendly.  I guess that's what you expect if they're busy.  Was our first time here, don't think we'll come back.Food and servers are both good. Love the atmosphere they provide there. During game days they have a large screen in the back area, which can also be used for private events.Unbelievable those ribs!!!!!! No pictures because way too hungry and way to good. I love the fries and pulled pork was good. Definitely come back to try the entire menu plus the ribs of course!!!! Place so clean great atmosphere and service amazing. I recommend :)I haven't had BBQ all over the south and I'm not particularly biased towards any style of BBQ or sauce but this place had the best BBQ I have ever eaten. Their sauces felt pretty standard but their meat was perfect. I hate when BBQ only tastes like smoke and they hit a nice balance between the meat's natural flavor and the smokiness. This is a must stop if you are in New Orleans.
Must Eats (ordered by favorites):
Cowboy Candy
Burnt Ends
Spoon bread
Peach Cobbler
In-House Sausage and Sweet TeaIt's a nice location/ambiance with lots of tables, a big bar, and lots of parking
...but I just can't jump on the bandwagon. The BBQ is average/mediocre. The prices are quite steep. 
My biggest issue is the majority of my meal (since the portions aren't particularly generous) are the sides - and I can't gravitate to any of them. Not the sour coleslaw or the overly bacon-ed (who knew that was possible?) bacon Mac and Cheese or the it's-kinda-like-cornbread spoon dish.
My favorite part of the entire experience is when I order a platter and 1/3rd of the plate is taken up by a random pickle, slice of untoasted, cold bread (huh????) and a gratuitous slice of onion.
This place has a lot of good reviews, but most of them seem to be atleast six months old...The restaurant is beautiful and spacious. I love going to the back room to watch Saints games on the huge screens. It's always very clean and bright. The staff are all very nice and cheery. The food leaves a little something to be desired in my book. Hands down, the shining star is the smoked wings. They are always on point. My other highlights would be the brisket, the smoked Brussels sprouts, and the house made pickles. Other than that, I have not been impressed by anything else. The Mac and cheese is often dry and lacks flavor. The smoked sausage is also dry and drowning it in barbecue sauce doesn't help much. The spoon bread, which a lot of people love, just doesn't do it for me either. The first couple of bites are good then I just don't want anymore. New Orleans seems to lack a stellar barbecue spot. I'm from north Louisiana, close to Texas, so I've had a plenty of good barbecue. I'd hoped that this would be my go to spot but, alas, my search continues.Out of all the BBQ places in Nola, this has to be the best in the city! Came here around 7pm and it was pretty packed. We ordered the BBQ sampler which came with burnt ends, sliced brisket, chicken, pulled pork, sausage, boudin & ribs. You also get to pick 4 sides, we got double mac & cheese, double sweet corn, and beans. We sat outside and our order came out within 10-15 minutes, which is pretty good considering how busy they were. Love their mac & cheese! Pulled pork, brisket, and chicken were my favorite. Hubs favs were the ribs, burnt ends, chicken and sweet corn. Overall, everything was tasty and fed a total of 5 people. Compared to other BBQ restaurant in the city, you get a lot more here for what you pay.WOW this place was SO good... possibly the best BBQ I have ever had in my life.  The meats were all perfectly smoked and bursting with awesome flavor... loved all of their bbq sauce options and I am still dreaming about the amazing sides.  The fries were very unique - wide but very thin and perfectly crispy with some seasoning - I am a total fry snob and I think this might be my new gold standard.  The brussel sprouts were also delicious - they were sweet and flavorful and made veggies fun to eat.  This is not located in the downtown area... while walkable in distance, I would recommend a taxi or uber since it would require you to walk under highways/overpasses.  An absolute MUST TRY when in New Orleans!WHERES THE MEAT?! Small sad lil portions, no smoke, no soul....I miss the days of NOLA Smokehouse when the Pitmaster ran things not an internet mouthy owner Mark Boneadick. After they stole all of Chef Robs recipes and techniques they fired him...place has gone steadily down hill since then. Place must have deep pockets tho I have only seen it 1/4 full at the most...go to BLUE OAK for real deal bbq Nola and the owners are nice not like this Boneadick guy!AMAZING food! Try the pulled pork nachos. They are to DIE for.  Also, the sweet cornbread in a bowl. All in all 10/10!The food was amazing and the service was great. I'm a huge fan of the rustic/country chic atmosphere!We were staying conveniently across the street at an Airbnb, and decided to give this place to try. There were four of us in total, so we decided to split the barbecue sampler platter. It's $49, and included the following:
3 ribs
Quarter chicken
Chopped brisket, my favorite
Sliced brisket
Pulled pork
Smoked sausage
Smoked bounin, tasted like mushy sausage (3 pieces)
Creole slaw
Baked beans
Creamed corn spoon bread
Bacon Mac and cheese
You can mix and match whatever side you would like. This just happened to be our combination. The food was good, though admittedly not the best BBQ I've had. The service was super fast and the place obviously was not hurting for business while we were there. Overall it was a very good experience, so if you're in the area it's a reasonable place to stop for barbecue.
The only real negative is that we were trying to split it four ways, though most of the food came as threes. This made it pretty difficult to split evenly. Either way, not a deal-breaker and still worth checking out!We sat at the bar and Brian, our bartender, was a wonderful host. He gave us a tour of the property and shared some wonderful and interesting anecdotes about the restaurant. And the food!!! My mouth is still watering. You MUST visit this restaurant. All positive vibes and energy.Excellent pulled pork with slaw,  brisket chili is spot on. Comfortable atmosphere for any occasion.Best BBQ in NOLA by a MILE!  Maybe the best BBQ anywhere. Sometimes when you hear about a place over and over it struggles to live up to the expectation. Not with CCBBQ!  My expectations were exceeded. 
First, the atmosphere is impeccable. It is fun and relaxed. They have created a great little nook for watching a game or listening to some music, all while relaxing and enjoying some great food. 
Then there is the food. I tried all sorts of things. Ribs tips, pork egg rolls, brisket, smoked sausage, turkey, pulled pork. All were delicious. The smoky flavor was nice on each meat. Some notes were that all of the meats were juicy without being greasy. A real plus was the skin on the chicken. I find it gets soggy at a lot of places. This was perfectly crisp skin on smoked chicken.
On top of the yummy meats, the sides were standouts too. My faves were the fries and the sweet corn spoon bread. The Mac and cheese was pretty legit too. 
There is a nice choice of sauces. Everyone at the table had a different favorite. I was a fan of the sweet. They also have a spicy and vinegar, so something for everyone! 
I am just wrapping up this meal and already can't wait to come back.Try not to place to go orders over the phone.  Your "fixins" will be missing from your plate, half your order wont be in your bag, then you'll have to turn around and go back if you were so inclined to check your bags in the car.  Quite inconsistent with the food quality!!! They were MUCH better when they were located at the smaller spot on Jackson Ave. grrrrrrr.......I love this place!! This is my go to place when i want wings. Hands down, the best wings in the city. The hogs for a cause award winning smoked wings with white bbq sauce are my favorite. They have a really cool outdoor area and a huge parking lot.Hubs and I have been trying to go here for a while. First time we went, we told they weren't taking any more orders (at 7pm) second time we didn't realize they are closed in Monday's. 
We finally made it on a Thursday around 6 not too crowded. I had their drink special and it was tasty. Bartender was attentive and nice. 
Hubs ordered the two meat plate, brisket and burnt ends, with sweet corn spoon bread and chili. I got the pulled pork sandwich and mac and cheese. Food was a bit on the pricey side - you could easily spend almost $50 for two or even $30 on yourself! Two meat plate came out looking sparse, but it was more than enough. Burnt ends were flavorful, and I liked this better than the brisket. My pulled pork surprised me with the flavor, so much so I almost didn't have to add sauce. BBQ sauces available were sweet, spicy, and a vinegar. I like to dip in every sauce so I rotated through them all. 
I'd come back. It looks like a cool place to hang out or even have party space at. But I'd have to try a few other BBQ places in the city again to decide on which is my fav.The rib plate was good and enjoyed the different sauces.  However, the portions on my rib plate were small as they serve St Louis style ribs that to me simply means much less meat.  I am used to much larger portions east along the Gulf Coast.I make it a point to eat at every bbq spot in every city i travel to. This is definitely one of my top picks for bbq. Burnt ends and brisket was amazing, as well as the sides.Had the boudin and it was amazing. Great parking,  easy location. You will not regret this placeHoly Moly!  We each got the 3 meat combo.  Took over half boxed up. So delicious. No wait for a table, food plentiful, delicious and quick. Staff was super friendly and helpful! I danced in my seat!OMG!!! Talk about some good damn BBQ!!! This may be the best BBQ I have ever had in my life!!! Not smothered in sauce bacon Mac/cheese is to literally die for!!! And the peach cobbler is completely out of this world!!! Highly highly recommended!!!!This is some of the very best BBQ that I have ever had, the ribs were amazing, tender but not to tender with just the right bite. The spoonful cornbread was just way too good. I had the chopped brisket and it was tender and so flavorful. The establishment is so clean and I like the feel kudos!This is not the best BBQ experience in town. I have tried to give this joint a chance, but they just can't seem to get it right. The food is ok to good, but the service is horrible. I am all about tipping extra on the service.OMG! Where do I start. This food is amazing. The Brisket was tender and flavorful. The pulled pork melt in your mouth and the corn bread was off the hook. I could go on but I need a nap.Central city BBQ is one of the newest BBQ places in town.  One great thing about this place is that they use a local church parking lot as their lot!  The ambiance is warm and welcoming.  The layout is kind of confusing because there's a table along the wall that you have to navigate around to walk to the right to go to the registers.  It was interesting to be able to see into the kitchen where they created each platter.  The cashier was really friendly and made the experience even more wonderful.  The menu is indicative of how recently this place opened.  They do not have many options in sides.  We opted for the sampler BBQ platter and opted for all the sides besides the cold slaw.  The BBQ sauce was delicious and the meat was all very tender and juicy.  The burnt ends were not as crunchy as we liked but it was still very good.  We wish that there was mac and cheese so hopefully they will add this to the menu to complete the BBQ experience!This is the best bbq from a restaurant. EVER. Have been going here since it was NOLA smokehouse. Great beverage choices also.If you are looking for a bbq place in New Orleans this is one of the best but not worth the price. You would be better off getting a lesser quality for over half the price. Don't order burnt ends it's an upcharge and they come out like regular brisketRather go to a place that has better customer service and options. I ordered the same thing every time (double dark meat) but magically it was a problem later when I ordered and they would also put it as they wanted ( white and dark) not as I ordered. Still gave them plenty of chances but if it can only come one way they should have stated it and not try to get over with not delivering what I ordered. 
I now just go to Blue Oak BBQ where they give me what I order happily.Great BBQ in New Orleans! Their Black and Blue salad is amazing. They host trivia on Mondays, so I get two of my favorite things at once!
Their pitmaster is one of the best in the world, with the awards to prove it (although the meats kinda do that as well).This is my favorite BBQ place!!! Ribs, brisket, burnt ends, boudin , everything. They have a selection of BBQ sauces available and I usually go plain or stick to vinegar. I'd never understood vinegar on BBQ until here. It just works. The reason I didn't give 5 stars is because their sides don't really do it for me. The spoon bread is really the only one I like. I've never had their fries to be fair. But I don't like the side dishes at most BBQ spots. I've from New Orleans and like things seasoned a certain way. They're not bad, I'm just not a fan.
I do like to go for the specials they run. My most recent visit with the Al Pastor tacos was a fail. Totally dry, inexplicably.
Anyway, I'll always be back to give them another shot. They're my favorite; and one bad meal won't take away from the numerous good ones.Food was good, not great.
Took food to go.
Our brisket was lean and on the dry side.
We were underwhelmed by the sides in flavor and how the half pint containers weren't full.
All could have been warmer. 
Register was friendly. Bartender unfriendly.Great spot for BBQ in New Orleans! Really cool and spacious bar and would love to go back and hang out in their outdoor area soon. Ordered the special meat of the day which was Short Ribs and it was incredible. The Burnt Ends were also super tasty and loved the Corn Spoonbread.This place is awesome. For years I have touted that the Joint has the best damn BBQ around. I still believe that to an extent but the smoked wings from here with the white BBQ made me have a real coming-to-Jesus moment. If all I could eat for the rest of my life were the smoked wings from Central City BBQ and they were drowned in the white BBQ sauce, I'd be a happy camper. Seriously, if you don't order the wings and get the white BBQ sauce when ordering from here, I don't know what you're doing with your life. 
We went with a group of 5 and ordered a slew of the different meats, some sides, and the smoked wings as an appetizer. It was PLENTY of food for 5 people. We did 2 of the three meat plates (went with a variety of briskets, pulled pork, chicken, and boudin). Unfortunately, they were out of the burnt ends that day. For the sides, we got spoonbread (their best side there which is like a cornbread type dish), bacon mac n cheese, potato salad, and greens. Overall, our bill was around 60ish bucks which wasn't bad for the amount of food we got and it being split by around 5 people. If you go in a group, I think it's a really good bargain for the quality and quantity of food but if you go by yourself and get a plate, it's definitely a little pricier. 
They have plenty of free parking and the space has a very cool vibe to it. Would highly recommend checking this spot out if you haven't already and I cannot reiterate enough that you HAVE TO ORDER THE SMOKED WINGS AND CONSUME AS MUCH OF THAT WHITE BBQ SAUCE AS POSSIBLE.This is long overdue! I came to Louisiana on vacation with my boyfriend on September 20th, 2018! When I tell you that we both have NEVER had BBQ like this before, I mean it. Being from Southern California the closest to a Louisiana style BBQ we've ever had is Lucille's. We came here around lunch and it was pretty empty. We sat at the bar and the bartender Tony was more than helpful and really gave us that Southern hospitality. I'll make my review about Tony alone a bit later. He suggested the best items on the menu and bless his soul because when we bit into each item it was Heaven. If I remember correctly my boyfriend had the chili, fries, brisket, burnt ends and boodang (Sorry I know I'm butchering that.) I had the mac n cheese, corn bread, brisket and pulled pork? I'll put a few videos later. They have a variety of sauces to choose from! The sweet one was my favorite! We've never even heard of boodang or burnt ends and the taste, phenomenal. I had never had corn bread besides the one they serve in elementary school. This one was moist had a punch of flavor that wasn't overbearing. And get this, they serve it with white bread! WHAT?! How brilliant! I could eat here all day and one of the main reasons why I want to go back to Louisiana! We were there for nearly a week and we ate at different spots but my Lord this one spot... I still have dreams about. 
Now for Tony. I'm sure you have lots of people who eat there and maybe you don't remember us but you told us all about growing up in Louisiana. How you worked at Barcadia (which we checked out later that day) what you do on your free time, cool places to go, history about slavery, Mississippi River and so much more. In that short amount of time we were there I felt like we've known you for a lifetime. You were literally a tour guide to us and we are extremely grateful. Your charismatic, kind and pretty funny too. This establishment is blessed to have you. I wish you all the best of luck and hope that we see you soon. 
If you read this please get in contact with me, we'd love to send you something from California. 
Can you guys build one of these in California, please? We were supposed to go to the museum after but we were so full we went to the Airbnb for a nap instead. Everything is reasonably priced too.Consistently the BEST! I order Central City every week from Uber eats. Never been disappointed! Not greasy/ oily like some other places I've tried.  Lord help me cuz the sweet bread is finger licking good!  Delivery is always fast fast fast!Phenomenal. We went into this skeptical, and Central City BBQ is now our favorite BBQ in New Orleans, hands down.  Better than The Joint. Bold claim, I know, but I dare you to try this and disagree. 
Great atmosphere too. Rooms inside with a full bar, and about half a dozen tables outside too. 
Kudos to the owners for doing this right.This place misses the mark beyond any other place I've experienced here. Brisket was really dry, pulled pork was the same. Also, to charge 2 bucks to put coleslaw on it is ridiculous. Service is a joke. Ambiance is corporate and soulless place. If you come to NOLA, seek other places to fill to your needs as this will leave you empty and not satisfied. The best part my experience was leaving.This place rocks and has officially become our favorite local bbq place. I first visited when they hosted a culinary fight club( a national traveling cooking competition). 
We sampled their wings,chili, draft beer and spoon bread which was enough to spark our interest for more. We visited a popular competitor bbq place the following weekend and quickly realized CCBBQ had them beat. We redeemed ourselves and returned for a full experience this weekend. 
Their instagram page advertised a happy hour menu and nothing puts a pep in my step like a promising Friday happy hour. 
We were hungry and thirsty and excited to be back so we ordered: 50cent wings- naked, $6 nachos(only on happy hr menu) $4 hush puppies, $2 heineken cans on round 1. Everything was amazing! The wings were crispy and smoked to perfection. I liked the nachos but my husband snarked at the basic nacho cheese. The hush puppies with honey butter were made from the angels above or with their corn spoonbread- cant tell. Round 2 we ordered burnt ends, chili, boudin and baked beans and more $2 beers of course. Everything was great. The boudin was a little dry but I was full anyway. 
The service was so awesome. We were treated like kings. The space is huge so you dont have to worry about not getting a table. Check out their massive smoker room in the back when you go too. They offer catering and can handle some pretty big jobs it seems. Whoever owns/built this restaurant definitely invested some moula. The dining area, open kitchen, prep kitchen, banquet room, industrial smokers, fenced parking lot and outdoor seating area are all huge. The restrooms are really nice too and  there isnt one thing that I can tell they skimped out on.   I hope this place continues to be successful as they really have a good thing going.Maybe I'm not a bbq person, but I wasn't fond of anything I ordered.  The portion of briscit chili cheese fries was huge. It looked like I didn't even touch it and I was pretty full. The fries are thin and wide, which I've never seen before (maybe a southern thing?) but I liked them. There was a a lottt of cheese on them as well.  The bacon Mac n cheese was disappointing.  The corn bread bowl was interesting. It went well with the pieces of briscit from the chili cheese fries. 
The bbq sauce smelled way too vinegary to even try, but the chicken was good.Food was very tasty, lots of great flavors and try the pickles and the burnt ends. Worth it! I was explained the shorten hours due to staffing issues so go for a late lunch and avoid the crowds. White BBQ sauce was great, it's a pepper sauce. Ask about drink specials.This place is pretty good! To be honest, I love all the flavors of my food. The show stopper for me was honestly the Brussel sprouts, but those are just fried or baked till really crispy then add some asian zing sauce. Never the less, really unexpectedly tasty! 
In terms of the meats, we got brisket, brunt ends, ribs, and chicken wings. My favorite meat was brisket (chopped). And my least favorite was the brunt ends. In terms of the chicken wings, they were good and fresh, but they weren't like "OMG" good (only giving it a high standard because it won a very honorable award)
Overall, the flavor of everything is really good! I would have made it a 5 star review if they just kept their meat hot. My biggest complaint is that the meat is not hot enough. Thus kinda made me not really enjoy my meal. Even though the flavor is good, since it was so cold, I rather just make BBQ at home then going out to buy it. Especially, when a 2 meat plate is $19 and a 3 meat plate is $22.Great BBQ and friendly staff! You definitely need to come try out this BBQ joint! We are having a small party in their event/party room and they are very accommodating!The food was really good however it could be more hot, the bartender was a really nice girl from Chalmette... she was very professional sweet and attentive...the  Cowboy candy and wings were my favorite!Wow this guy is delusional! Someone take his internet card away. An owner that can't take criticism has no business replying to reviews! I am not Chef Rob but if I was I would definitely take offense. This guy has no idea how to run a business or a barbecue what a joke!I've not had better BBQ anywhere. The burnt ends are the best but they run out because they are so good. The brisket is another favorite of mine. There are a lot of options here. Meat plates with sides, sandwiches and a side, salads, ribs, chicken, sausage , turkey, pulled pork, boudin and meats by the pound. There are starters and lots of good sides (sweet corn spoon bread, crispy brussel sprouts, etc.) There are several BBQ sauces on the tables but the meat is so good I haven't tried any of them. There's a full bar too. 
They have a lot of indoor seating and outside bench seating for nice weather days/nights. If you walk to the back just past the restrooms you can see the huge smokers where all that yummy meat is smoked. Order at the register and the food is brought to the table. Try it, you'll like it. I'll be back.So I came in the restaurant and I liked the atmosphere plus I'd found this place on yelp during the Essence Festival weekend. It wasn't crowded and the service was nice. But here's where the issue came. I ordered a 2 meat tray and my husband ordered the same thing. He had French fries with his meats and I ordered potato salad and Cole slaw. The Cole slaw had too much vinegar in it so I couldn't eat it. We sat down and waited for our food and the only thing that was hot was his French fries. We dislike sending our food back so we were reluctant but none of the meat was warm not even enough to eat so we end up sending it back. When he got his food back he just ate a little and we left to go somewhere else. I think if the food was hot when we got it then there would've been no complaints besides the cost. It was over priced for just ok bbq.Waited for month for this spot to open up and man was it worth it! Huge dining room with a bar and plenty of nice open outdoor seating. We had the sampler and three drinks for $60 and it fed us until our little stomachs couldn't hold anymore. Burnt ends, ribs, pulled pork, pork shoulder, BBQ chicken, white bread and all four sides(coleslaw, baked beans, spoon bread, potato salad). Everything was Chef Rob has outdone himself this time, everyone should come experience this amazing new BBQ spot!Nice staff, affordable prices and yummy bbq food! Cool, modern establishment with their "pig" painting drawn everywhere :)
We had a brisket sandwich, a brisket platter, chicken and some chicken wings. 
The food came out fast and the server was entertaining Us in the mean time :) 
The food was very flavorful, meat was tender and had plenty of flavor. The sides were good too except for their famous side sweet corn spoon bread. I did not care for it and I usually love cornbread. It was too sweet and mushy.