By far my favorite restaurant in the French quarter! I even got my boyfriend whose not much a foodie like myself hooked. I always get the blackened chicken Alfredo; it's my favorite dish out of everything so I'm really choosy about it but Chartres House has it going on!Kendra was amazing and the food was the best we have had.  Get the sausage po-boy With Bacon.  Kendra special.The crab & corn chowder & hush puppies were delicious, all the rest I could take it or leave it...great service, though!Excellent food I had the blackened chicken Alfredo and it was outstanding!!! Our waitress was great (Kelly) very friendly and great at her job. Would definitely come back.We should've gone somewhere else. New Orleans has too much good food to eat here!  I ordered a flight and server brought ones that didn't look like what I ordered.  She named them as she pointed them out and two were ones that I didn't order.  I told her what I ordered and she said, "Oh yeah, that's what they are."  They weren't what I ordered and I knew that, but I wasn't confident I would get the correct ones if I had her switch 'em out.....and I like beer, so I told her it was fine.  Anyway, we ate at District Donuts the next morning and Parkway for lunch and I HIGHLY recommend both of those places!Chartres House is A-OK. I wish you could give half stars on Yelp, they'd totally get 3.5. 
As a service industry employee in the Quarter, I often stop by here after work to grab a drink. They have good service industry discounts/specials and there is a good mix of locals and tourists despite it seeming like a total tourist trap from the outside. I've never eaten the food here but the dishes I've seen other people with have always looked appetizing and seemed to be a totally fair portion. 
Their specialty drinks are only so-so and a bit overpriced. I tend to stick to beer, wine, or simple cocktails like gin & tonic while I'm here. Friendly, helpful bartenders. Video poker. Working fire place. Any questions?Visited this spot last night and it did not disappoint! We had a group of six and was nervous it might have been a long wait. NOPE! We waited five minutes for our table! Our waitress was the best and food came out super fast. All in all, what a great place to visit!We came here after that awful Gumbo Shop establishment a few blocks away wouldn't seat us even though we arrived at 8:50 to join our party and the restaurant closed at 9. The waiter at Gumbo Shop whispered to us that the management consisted of jackasses and that we should go to Chartres House because we'd get great service and the food was better.
Our waiter was amazing, such an angel, told us funny stories throughout the night. He was brand new to the job and the billing was wrong at the end, but we were totally cool with it and everything was fixed pronto. All the food we got was pretty delicious. One of the dishes we ordered was the sample platter, so we got a little bit of everything which we shared. 
Chartres House is beautifully decorated with the perfect ambiance. Very romantic. Oh, and when I had to use the restroom, one of the employees walked me across the courtyard with an umbrella so I wouldn't get wet in the rain! Love it!We found this place by accident during our stay in NOLA, and a happy accident it was. Our first meal was incredible (highly recommend the crawfish pasta!). It was so good we went back the next day for lunch. The staff are prompt and very courteous. Check it out, you will not be disappointed!This was our first night in NO and the 4 of us used a restaurant.com certificate. 
We sat inside and the waitress was very good. We tried the crab cakes, and the sampler dish which included gumbo, jambalaya, and red bean/rice. All very tasty.Had the crawfish po'boy, fried alligator app, and some prosecco. Nothing special, underseasoned food with bland presentation. Service sub-par. 3 stars for the balcony experience in NOLA. Not recommended.Quick Summary: Decent food, slightly higher prices, good beer menu, slow service. They also charge for small things like dressing on your salad.
We came into this restaurant starving and there were able to seat our table of 7 pretty easily. However we felt we had to ask for everything! I ordered a round of water to start for the table that never came and when I asked again, I got attitude from our waitress. 
I ordered a small cup of gumbo and a small house salad with Cajun ranch dressing. My salad was a few pieces of lettuce, 1 cucumber slice, 1 onion circle and 1/8 piece of a tomato. On top of that they charged me $1.00 for dressing, which I had to re-ask for 3 times.  The gumbo is not impressive for New Orleans, especially with the gumbo shop being down the street but it was still tasty. My sister for the muffuletta which was actually pretty decent. 
I don't think Ill come back for food but their beer menu was filled with local beers and worth coming back for.Wonderful dinner great appetizers. Alicia was amazing with our changing needs:). What a doll!The food was ok.  I have had better seafood in New Orleans and their prices are pretty high for just a simple seafood plate in a basket.  The atmosphere is very fancy and the location is probably why they set their prices so high but the food did not seem to match the level of atmosphere.Disappointing, overpriced food. Portions were small. Fish was so over cooked, it was almost burned and so dry. It was supposedly redfish, but it could be been any cheap previously frozen fish. It took about 45 minutes just to get our food. By the time it came, we were so hungry, but it didn't make the food taste better.Womp womp... I ordered the jambalaya with fried chicken. Sounded good right? It came out with some thing cut chicken tenders. What a disappointment.
Other than that, it's a good place for lunch in the outside patio with friends. Oh and they have vodka on tap, whaat?? Thats cool.My mom and I came here after a recommendation from our hotel staff. We were seated right away on the balcony. Ordered the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer - highly recommend. My mom ordered the burger and I had the shrimp Caesar salad. Both were amazing. Great service! Would definitely recommend eating here if staying in the French QuarterRelaxed New Orleans atmosphere, very centrally located. Excellent roast beef Po boy! Good Bloody Mary's too, but too small.Stumbled upon this place for lunch. I had the blackened chicken pasta and really enjoyed it. Sauce tasted fresh and homemade. Chicken was flavorful but not overly spicy. Had a good cocktail (Strawberry Hill) with it.  
Hubby had a hot sausage po boy. He said it was pretty good. Not that spicy, so no warnings needed there. 
The room we sat at the front of the restaurant was open air, and it was a nice day for that. Other interior rooms were closed in and air conditioned. TVs in the room we were in and tuned to Saints game. Not overly crowded, and didn't seem like it was touristy.I would not recommend this restaurant. It leaves a whole lot to be desired. The stars are for the bartender and kitchen staff. 
We were some of the first people in for dinner, in the room we were in there were only other people seated at 1 table. We asked for waters while looking at drinks and it took at least 5 minutes to get them. Cocktails took 10. We were in the same room as the bar, saw them being made and sitting there while our waitress was nowhere to be seen. They were very good when they did finally make their arrival to our table though. 
Our app was very good, I forget what it was. I ordered a blackened Cajun chicken sandwich that had no flavor whatsoever, the fries were delicious though. We also had the red beans and rice which were pretty good. 
The bathroom is very out of the way if you're sat towards the front of the restaurant and there were multiple places that had puddles of water that needed to be walked around, including the toilet that was leaking. 
There are definitely better options and we will not be going back.Four of us had dinner and drinks here tonight. The food was fine, the drinks were good but the server was horrible and we will not be back. Two of us had soup and it took 15 minutes after our food came to get spoons to eat it. At the end of the meal we asked for separate checks and she eye rolled us but brought them. The straw that broke the camel's back was when she brought the checks back with our cards and change she literally threw them down on the table. It was just unbelievably rude. Never again.Really disappointed with this place. The staff was completely rude. The waitress that sat us brought us to a table that was dirty and just disappeared. She then came back to the table saying we were supposed to follow her to another table and was clearly irritated. She had such an attitude about it, even insinuated that we took a checkbook that was apparently left on the table. The waiter was alright and the food was average. Definitely would recommend checking out other places in NOLA.Slowest service I've had! We seriously waited an hour just for our DRINKS, despite there being only 4 other parties in the room we were in. The fried alligator was cold when we got it, and I've had better Muffaleta sandwiches. With all the options in the French Quarter, why go here?Overall this was a pretty good place to eat. I sat at the bar out front but in walking around the restaurant I found several large seating areas. I ordered two items, the Boudin and Fried Green Tomatoes. The boudin was light and very flavorful with a touch of heat but overall it was delicious. The tomatoes were sliced thin and coated with a light tempura breading which brought out the flavors. The crowd picked up as it got later but nothing to wild.The crawfish toast was excellent.  We tried the Muffaletta (shared it as portions are HUGE) - that was very good too.  Prices are very reasonable, service was excellent.  Location is great, I can wait to visit again and try the Duck Empanadas.We needed an afternoon drink and snack after our tour and were thrilled to find this gem.  Sat on the balcony so we could people watch and were not disappointed.  I had my first taste of crawfish via the crawfish cakes (yum) and hubby had sausage gumbo.  Our server was wonderful and efficient.  We would definitely go back!HORRIBLE service, clearly because of poor management and not entirely the fault of the clueless wait staff. First they lost our reservation which I had called to confirm just 4 hours before. They agreed to seat our party of 8 even though they didn't have enough staff to cover, then instead of turning people away they seated another larger group of 12 as well as two other groups of 4 that we knew of. It took 20 minutes to get a round of drinks and only did we get our appetizer order and dinner order in because I had to beg the waiter to take the order before he ran off. 
I could go on, but I think you get the point. I would stay away until they get better management and staff. I feel sorry for the cooks because the food was good!I am waiting for my food. The rat running around the dining room is highly amusing. I hope the food is ok.
Good news! The food was ok.We first ate here in 2014 when we came on vacation, and here we are again. I absolutely love this place. The red beans and rice and beyond amazing. Last night our server was Brittney, she was a absolute delight, she was so sweet and down to earth. We'll be back again for sure!! This place is a treasure!Tevin is a very nice server. Drinks are tasty. Food was good and they didn't skimp on rice in the gumbo. Gumbo is nice and smoky flavor. Bisque is nice and rich.
Would gladly come backIt's an ok place. I have had much better po' boys in New Orleans but the rice and beans was the best we have had in a long time. The restaurant is pretty dirty (a cockroach landed on our table at some point in the meal).  The location is convenient when you are staying in the French Quarter with children and you don't want to take the car to drive to much better places Uptown for instance.You can do much better than this place. It's really a last resort when you're hungry, hot and need a quick meal. The fries were super greasy - almost translucent- and the food was very bland. The two stars is for the great service we received from the waitress. Avoid if you can, your taste buds will thank you.One of the worst meals I have had.
Only redeeming feature was our waiter who was very nice, if not a bit too attentive, likely because of the place being so bad.
Gumbo servers should be against the law in New Orleans. Tasted like beef cube in dishwashing liquid.
Bread was hard enough to be used in construction (for the poor boy). Entirely uneatable. 
Brought me the wrong beer.
Bathrooms were dirty.
Avoid at all costs.Nice open air atmosphere, but if you're looking for good Creole food, keep walking. The crawfish étouffée was passable, but the gumbo is what merited two stars. It was mostly roux and rice. Now, you know how important the roux is. First, you make a roux. But then you have to add some other ingredients, like sausage or shrimp and some vegetables.Michelle was our waitress and was very friendly. The atmosphere is nice and opens onto chartres street. The food was very delicious (fried gator appetizer, cheeseburger, and the grilled shrimp Caesar salad). No one had any complaints. Beers are a little pricey ($4.50 for a bud light), and the bathrooms are outside, other than that, it was a very pleasant experienceSooo, we had a bad experience here. They sat us in a back room, off the street, all by ourselves, and then we had an annoying waitress. That aside, the prices were extremely high for what the food was. For two of us (an app, two entrees, and two drinks) it was almost $100. I would've expected to pay $60. The drinks were weak and the food was uninspired. There are better places to spend your money and time in the Quarter.Good food and good atmosphere. 
The waiter was kind and helpful. 
We had the spinach artichoke appetizer which was very creamy and a bit spicy. 
The crawfish entrée was good.Seriously a really bad restaurant.  From food, to service, to the cleanliness of the bathrooms... Very disappointing.
Just a sad sad attempt at trying to be a restaurant....Great service and they have a vegetarian entree!! Thanks for thinking of us veggies!!
The fried green tomatoes rock!Just checked this place out this past weekend, and if you are a vegetarian they offer 3 great Eggplant entrees to try out.  We tried the eggplant muffalata and the PoBoy sandwich.  Both were delicious.  It seems like they use the same eggplant patty for all the dishes, but its awesome.  Crisp, not too oily, and has a wonderful hearty flavor.  The PoBoy was hard to eat, but once i deconstructed the sandwich it was much easier.  Definitely  better than most places eggplant dishes.Incredible atmosphere, both inside and in the back dining area. Great portion sizes for your money. Had the Hot Sausage Po Boy - absolutely delicious. Definitely a slightly hidden gem.Best BBQ Shrimp recipe ever.  Get the BBQ Shrimp appetizer.  Get two.  It's delicious.  We went back and brought another friend who says the same thing.  Corn bisque, great too.  We tried the Taste of N.O. Entree as well; pretty good.  But that flavor of the BBQ Shrimp is insane and haunting me.  If I was rich, I'd fly here for that.Our server was great and very attentive.  My husband ordered the cashew crusted red fish.  He NEVER eats fish, but he ate all of it, it was that good.  I had the shrimp po boy which was good, not the best I've had, but I enjoyed it.  Overall we really enjoyed our food and I recommend stopping by.I love wandering around New Orleans and finding new places to eat. One of those journeys landed us at Chartres House, and it quickly became one of our favorite "fallback" restaurants. As in, when you're not sure what you want you can always head there and get something yummy.
The burger is among the best I've had anywhere. Thick, juicy, and best of all not too expensive. The beans and rice (available as a smaller side dish if you ask, instead of as a main course) is a perfect complement to the burger, and the fried eggplant was yummy too.
The building is old, and appropriately funky. It's almost like a complex of buildings mashed together, but it works. The sidewalk tables are great for people watching -- at least in spring. Eating at a copper table in New Orleans in summer is not enjoyable. Fortunately, there's a nice, cool dining room inside.
Been there many times on many trips to NOLA, and look forward to going back!Searching for a restaurant and stopped by.  The food was surprisingly good.  Had fish with crab stuffing -very moist.  Husband had sampler plate.  Large portions.  Food was served peeping hot.  Sat on deck and enjoyed scene below.Ask bartender Kurt to make you his drink-contest invention, the "Hot & Dirty Peppertini," a spicy martini made with a dash of habanero sauce. Also can recommend the étouffée & jambalaya. Great place to duck away from the crowd or catch a game on tv.Great atmosphere, great food and excellent service. I really enjoyed my fried alligator and the corn and crab bisque. My friends split a fried shrimp po boy and a grilled shrimp caesar salad.If you have a lot if time on your hands to suffer through our service, the food is good.  If they ban the use of cell phones by staff it would improve things for sureFelt like I was on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares. We ended up here because everywhere else had an hour wait, still waited an hour here after being seated for sub par food. Plus, we saw a rat running around in the courtyard and the service was TERRIBLE. Would not come here if you had a choice.Everything was good here except for the one thing that really, really matters to me: cleanliness. If it weren't for that I would have given this place five stars.
My friend and I stopped here on our first day in New Orleans. It had been a long day and we decided to eat here since the menu sounded delicious. We ordered crawfish cakes as an appetizer, the corn and crab bisque soup, and split the southern pecan pie with ice cream. I don't know if it was because we were tired and hungry, but the food tasted like heaven. 
Here's where it kind of gets gross. My water glass looked a little dirty, but I decided to not make a big deal out of it. I've worked in a restaurant before and I know that sometimes hard water stains can make a glass look dirty even if it's perfectly clean. Then, I unwrapped my silverware. There was food still crusted on my fork. My knife looked like it had water stains or it was just plain dirty. I grabbed the silverware from the table next to mine. The fork was clean, but the knife was dirty. I also noticed that our server saw me doing this and saw the extra dirty silverware on our table, but never mentioned it or asked about it. I have a feeling this has happened before. The only reason I didn't get up and leave was because we had already ordered all our food and the appetizer had been brought out to us. Actually, mostly it was because we were just extremely tired. Like, so tired you feel drunk and not willing to walk around looking for another restaurant tired. You better believe I inspected every single bite of food. Luckily, it seemed like the plates were clean and the food looked ok. Finally, the bathrooms looked like the ones straight out of a club around 2am on a Friday night. Dark, dingy, and dirty. 
Now, I'm kind of grossed out that I ate here since who knows how clean the kitchen is, but at least the food tasted good. Also, I was fully expecting to get food poisoning but I was perfectly fine.stopped in to whet the whistle on a daytime walk around the area. found some decent drinks and great company in Hannah, tending the bar. we didn't eat here; we just sat and sipped and visited.
this happened to be the location of [our] magical NOLA afternoon. perhaps the stars were just aligned. might could be there's something to this place.Stopped in here for some po boys with my mom. I got the shrimp and she got the fried fish. Both sandwiches were delicious! They messed up my mom's order at first but the wait staff and management were very quick to correct it and take it off our bill. The fries were the best we had out of the three days we had been here - actually salted and seasoned. And the bread for the po boys was amazing! Overall good food and great service. Would definitely return.Good food open atmosphere we had a bloody Mary and a mimosa at the bar the shared a blackened chicken club all was good.Came here about 45 minutes before this place closed and sat at the bar.
The bartender was super chill and drink prices aren't too bad.
We stayed until a little past closing time, but the bartender didn't even try to kick us out.
Didn't try any of their food so I can't comment on the food.
The place was pretty empty by this point; there were only a couple other customers in the restaurant. It seems like this would be a nice place to hang out if I had come here earlier.Good (and lots of local) beer selection and interesting drink menu. Great service.One of our favorite places in the quarter. Great service and good food. As visitors we visited Chartres House often and as residents we come back and also tell friends who are visiting to eat there as well! The crawfish cakes are amazing!This my second time here.  And it's just like the first time.  Excellent service . Chrissy was our waitress this time and she was the BEST EVER.  We absolutely loved her and her great service and attitude .  And as always the food was the best in New Orleans .  You MUST eat here if ur in New Orleans and try the taste of New Orleans Entree .  You won't be disappointed.I would give Chartres House Cafe 3.5 stars. I ordered a salad and it was pretty good, but how great can a salad be you know? The drinks were nice and strong though and the staff was really friendly. Great place to people watch if you get sat at a table that is right near the sidewalk.The husband and I ate here the other night and loved it!
My husband had the fish stuffed with crawfish and it was the best fish I have ever eaten!! His meal was a lot better than mine, but mine was still delicious. I had the muffuletta and fries and they were both great! We ended our meal with the bread pudding and it was the best I have ever eaten. Definitely one of the best meals we had in our short stay in New Orleans.2.5 stars - Well, I think I give it 3 stars and my hubby gives 2 stars.  I liked our fried catfish/shrimp/oyster platter slightly better than him.  But both agreed there wasn't anything memorable about it.  The hushpuppies were good though.  I guess for the price and beers added, I would expect more.  The host was nice and smiles a lot, which I like to see.  Overall ambiance, again nothing special.
What seals the deal for me to give the star rating at 2.5 instead of 3 is the bathroom situation.  Not the best - but where in New Orleans is?!  Also, wish the balcony or outdoor seating was available, but was closed for a party.We stopped in here for a late night supper. We were seated on the sidewalk so we could people watch. She got the Muffaletta, I got the Catfish Po' Boy. Both came with fries and arrived after a short wait. 
The Po' Boy was what I'd expected... crusty roll with tasty filet of catfish, mayo, romaine, tomato and pickle. She thought her Muffaletta a little dry, but the piece she let me try was soft, moist and yummy! Our ice teas were kept topped off, which was wonderful on a warm night in the Quarter!Got seated right away on a Friday night. The host and server were both great. My reasoning for the 3 stars is the food is definitely not the best in New Orleans.Best service & atmosphere UPSTAIRS on the balcony. Tables on the balcony only seat 2 people & very charming scenic French quarter street views down below. The bbq shrimp is consistently delicious. Soak up the delicious sauce with the French bread... mmmm & yes I've tried other dishes here (ordered by dinner companions) & everything is great! I go for the bbq shrimp though!During the craziness of Mardi Gras we came across this place. 
The food here is good we had Jambalaya alligator meat and all was really good. Plus it was served fast. 
Service was nice and in the spot, the place is bigger than it looks like and it can get noisy but that is part of the attraction.A great restaurant with a variety of food in the French Quarter. I had the blackened chicken alfredo that was the best I've ever had! I also took advantage of a delicious vodka mule and cheesecake. The best of it all was sitting on the balcony on a beautiful New Orleans spring night.Really good food at reasonable prices. Great beer selection as well. We had crawfish stuffed cat fish and pecan crusted red fish.  Very good! Service was excellent. Matthew was our server and the service was very attentive. He has a great personality and made excellent recommendations. We even got a free appetizer (crawfish bread) for checking in on Yelp.The food was amazing, easily on par with much higher priced fare in the quarter. Pierce was our server and he was impeccable in his service. Made sure to verify our order and was very polite and attentive with a great local beer recommendation. The crawfish bread appetizer is a must have!Atmosphere was nice.  I ordered a Roast Beef PoBoy and the roll seemed to be microwaved because it was soft but tough to cut.  Then I went to the restroom out through a courtyard.  The restroom was flooded with water, not sure if it was the toilet or rain water had run in from the day before and not cleaned up.  Don't believe I will go back.Sitting on the corner of Toulouse st and Chartes st, this cozy restaurant was nice spot for my lunch.  I sat overlooking the street, which made for excellent people watching.  The fried shrimp po-boy sandwich was good, but nothing absolutely amazing (but maybe Im just not a huge fan of po-boys?).
However, I had one of their cocktails called Summer Rain, and let me just say that it PERFECTLY described how it tasted.  Wow.  My new favorite drink.  I think I need to go back just for that.  It made me sigh and melt every time I took a sip.
I would go back simply because of that drink, and the general feel of the restaurant and service.  I want to try other things on the menu.Great location in the French Quarter. We stopped there for late night drinks and desert. The bread pudding was awesome as was the service.Nice atmosphere, meh food. After having an amazing  fried chicken and jambalaya at (eat at) Coop's Place (instead of this one), I thought the fried chicken was just okay, and found their jambalaya to be bland and *al dente*. Too bad, really, this place has so much potential, given its location, set up and decor.Petar our server was helpful with his entree recommendations right on. Our Fried Green Tomato and Shrimp-free through Yelp btw-was towards the best we had so far, the Portobello Mushroom Burger accented with Jalapeño Bread was just what I hoped for, and the Crawfish stuffed Blackened Gulf White fish was probably in the the top two ever. Thanks for the great Dinner and creative mixed drinks.I wish I could give them a better review, but I just can't; I had a terrible experience. The best part of the place was the hostess and the balcony.
My boyfriend got the BBQ shrimp which he ordered because he thought it was going to come just BBQ'd but it ended up having some sort of sauce on it, which he liked but it was not what he was expecting and it gave him a very very bad stomach ache. I had the Taste of New Orleans and tried the etouffee, gumbo, and jambalaya - all of which gave me a meh experience: they were all kind of bland and the meat pieces were very very small. All just tasted like rice with slightly different gravy and seasonings.
We sat outside on the balcony upstairs which we were very excited about and the best part of the experience...until a giant cockroach came crawling down the side of the wall. I understand it's a part of New Orleans but it came at the end of my meal and lets just say I was not happy. The waiter asked why I was standing in the middle of the room and I pointed at the bug, he half smushed it with his shoe and kept walking, while the bug was left to whither away on the balcony.
Perhaps if I had tried a different dish and the cockroach hadn't interrupt my meal I would have been able to give 3 stars, but I don't think I will be back on my next trip to NOLA.Excellent service! The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. Great food and atmosphere!Overpriced for the amount of food you get. I got the Taste of New Orleans with 3 of the 4 entree options and left hungry - portions are small. Food was 3.5/5.Food was good. It was a bit odd upon arrival because the hostess (who also turned out to be our waitress) told us it would be a 35 min. wait but then sat us right away and got us drinks but would not take our order for food for over an hour! She said the kitchen wasn't accepting orders. Having worked in restaurants through college I know they get "swamped" but this was ridiculous. By the time we were "allowed" to order the place was empty! The strawberry cream beer was amazing though!What can I say the fried gator was to die for. On a one week vacation we went here twice!! The location is great, they allow kids and even though they have a full on bar. Friendly servers, fast bringing out the food and the waitress NEVER let my drink get past mid way.We loved this restaurant! After 3 days in Nola this was our most favorite restaurant! We had dinner on the balcony and it was so charming. The fried green tomatoes chips were excellent. We also had the pecan crusted redfish and it was the best meal we had the whole time. It was delicious topped with some sort of cashew sauce. Excellent! Head straight for this place if you want a wonderful dining experience!!Stopped in for lunch on our first day of vacation. The restaurant and staff exceeded all expectations. The hostess and our waiter were so sweet and accommodating. My Aunt, in her 70's, has a hard time walking and the hostess just took her by the hand and helped her to our table. We sat in the courtyard and it was the perfect setting. Food was great. BBQ shrimp, crawfish cheese bread, mufalata sandwich and the corn crab bisque was divine.  Our server had such a personality and a beautiful smile and answered all of our questions and listened to our stories. The attention to service and the excellent food win us over!Atmosphere: Service was ok. We sat in the central courtyard and watched RATS run around throughout our entire meal. Every couple of mins we saw another RAT run between the service kitchen and restaurant.  
Food: I had the house burger with sausage patty (sausage patty was bomb!) and we ordered the artichoke crawfish bread. I definitely recommend this appetizer.Pierce was our server and he was very professional.  Provided us with guidance related to menu choices and was very attentive of our needs during our meal.  It seems like Pierce is a professional server as he demeanor and attention to details were remarkable.  Our food was very good even though we visited Chartres at a very busy time.Sparely topped Greek salad, but with awesome dressings.  
Nasty entrees. She had the shrimp platter, which was nasty, white frozen fries, less delicious than fast food, and some hush puppies and unimpressive shrimp.  I had the eggplant po'boy, which I was fairly excited about, and it was pretty gross.  Eggplant parmesean on really, really terrible french bread.  For having "French flair", the french bread in this town is absolutely disgusting.  It's stale white bread in a baguette form.  The eggplant component was okay, but tasted a little like funky oil, and really wasn't enough to pull the plate back to anything enjoyable.  Left disappointed and hungry.  
The server was super nice, though, and the hostess was enthusiastic and very friendly.  Service gets an A+, bummer they have to serve such crap!Saturday night, during FQF, my friend and I stopped into Chartres House for a few drinks.  This bar was not packed, not even slightly, though I'm sure it was several hours before our arrival.  Needless to say, don't work in the Quarter if you do not have the mentality to handle the tourists and the festivals.
This is directed toward 2 bartenders:  one, an older lady with red hair & glasses and the latter, a younger, man with a beard.
I ordered a vodka (Kettle One) and soda water.  The drink was...awful.  Has anyone ever heard of bars that will fill their premium liquor bottles with well liquor?  Yes, I think this was one of those cases.  I politely told the bartender that I thought maybe the soda water was flat.  She looked at me, and poured herself some soda water, drank, and said "it isn't flat."  That's it.  5 minutes later, the male bartender did the same thing.  Both bartenders did this in such a presumptuous, snide, and "who the f--- are these tourists telling us that our soda water is flat?" kind of way (we are not tourists).  
I asked the male bartender if he'd like to try HIS drink (after all he made it), and he threw his hands up, "well I can't drink on the job???!!!"  No shit...I didn't ask you to slam the cocktail.  At that point, we paid and left.
Both were grumpy, pissy, slamming drinks around.  Were both of them too good to even converse with their patrons?  Must be so.  These are the type of workers that have the ability to ruin a place for me in the Quarter.  Like I said, if you can't handle the hustle & bustle, GTFO.  No one is forcing you to work there.  Get out of hospitality and sit behind a desk if that will make you happy!Delicious Creole Combo gives you a taste of 3 or 4 traditional dishes.The food was okay!  My wife enjoyed her crawfish platter with remoulade dipping sauce.  She loved the remoulade sauce.   I ordered the taste of New Orleans and weren't very impressed.  I had better gumbo and jambalaya elsewhere during my trip in New Orleans.The service was somewhat slow, to start... and got worse from there. Was starting to think about leaving when finally wait staff arrived. Corn and Crab Bisque tasted good but came at a tepid temperature. Then the long wait for the shrimp platter. I was starting to feel discouraged when it arrived - hot, mounds of food, delicious! Then trying to get my ice tea refilled was simply torture. I was so thirsty I considered a dine-n-dash for water. Then forever to process the bill.  So there's why a 2 - service was just too lackadaisical to warrant more.  Hey Chartres House, hire competent wait staff. She's bringing y'all down.  Seriously...Love this restaurant! Really yummy drinks and a great menu! If you come here, make sure to request Pierce to be your waiter! He was so wonderful, very sweet and knowledgeable about the menu. Extremely professional and so polite! We love him! Will definitely be back!Literally beyond annoyed. Still sitting here writing this review, that's how annoyed I am.
I have friends in from out of town who wanted good food and after some research they decided to come here.
Started with apps which were yummy- the fried green tomatoes needed some seasoning but whatever.
Food came out and my sister asked for butter for her bread...the waitress claimed they don't have butter?¿? I'm sorry but wut.... Ok. Even though I had buttered bread with my food.
Then my friend asked for pepper...they said they didn't have that either...ok what is this the twilight zone?
Then the check comes. She puts down one check and we politely ask to split it- by seat or evenly, whichever is easiest. She says "well if you had told me before I could split it but now I've printed this so this is easiest" UM OK.
Then after showing her our Yelp free appetizer reward she goes to print a new check and still only gives us one.
Only giving two stars because the pasta was good. Otherwise just don't.Great place for casual dining and for a quick bite to eat.  The eggplant po boy was superb and the fries were made fresh (not greasy).   It's a big place, with two separate sections for dining.  The bathrooms are unique, as they are converted horse stables.  
A neat place in the heart of the French Quarter.  If you're not sure where to go and don't want to spend a lot of money, eat at Chartres.Balcony seating and good service! I had the portabella burger and it was delicious! Great option if you're looking for a veg-friendly option in the city but don't want to miss out on any of the action!We sat out on the balcony on a sunny day in December and had a lovely lunch with very attentive staff. Our next visit was in Febuary when we went there for a business dinner, it was a chilly evening so we asked to be seated inside, this may have been a mistake as we were seated in a room with a massive television screen which was a little bit of a distraction. Food was good and we were lucky as the local youth band passed right by the window.  My last visit I was by myself and sat out in the back courtyard, food was good but there was one waitress for the courtyard and there was a convention in town so everywhere was very busy.  The ladies restroom is out in this courtyard so the area can get busy. Someone that used the restroom must have consumed a famous hurricane and didn't made it to the pan and was sick over the floor so I pointed this out to my waitress who was distressed and went to get someone to clean upIt says fresh seafood proudly on their front door HOWEVER, I know SYSCO shrimp when I see it. 
The best part about this spot was the employees. The door guy was awesome. young black guy with a super awesome attitude.
The taste of New Orleans was extremely disappointing. 4 1/2 filled cups of uninspired cooking. I don't recommend at all!We sat on the balcony upstairs not only was it incredibly cramped it seemed incredibly unstable and unsafe it shook violently when someone would walk. Service was wonderful. All appetizers were mediocre at best. Entrees were horrible, made entire party of 4 sick. Do not recommend avoid this restaurant.This place can do no wrong.  I've eaten here twice and completely loved both experiences.  Location, views, people, drinks and food have all rocked.  
Watch out!  Portions are large!Great food! Great vibes! Nice view if you sit in the patio! Schuyler was our server and he was attentive, knowledgeable, and on top of everything!! Highly recommend the fried alligator appetizer it's.... snappy!!The FGT were spot on, crispy, thick cut, and not greasy. The crawfish stuffed fillet was cooked to perfection. Portions were perfect.The Crawfish and jambalaya was really good. This place has an open view of the streets which made sitting down more enjoyable.We ate on the balcony. Thomas was the waiter. We had shrimp. Po boy. And chicken alfredo. All were 10 out of 10. This restaurant was a find.  The food was awesome. Melt in your mouth. We all tried each other's it was so good. Our waiter was great too. Had some fun ghost stories. Told about the history of the building. The desert pie slices were massive. The kids loved it. The balcony opened at 5 pm. We made a reservation then walked around. We were out there for a few hours. It was great people watching.Regardless of the late hour this place still produces.  Eat the bbq shrimp appetizer. You won't be disappointed.  I had the cabin shrimp with jambalaya..and its just wow. Flavors abound..I highly recommendI wanna sit here for the next 3 hours because the food is so good it just defeated my legs. The environment is so pleasant, everyone in the staff is very nice and it's totally worth the price. Aces all the way.Food Descent.  Had Ultimate Fried Seafood platter (not on menu) for $25.  Good to split or HUGE appetizer for large party.  Waitress with Pink hair was nice but not very friendly. Very short and quick. Got our food.  No napkins or silverware. Has to ask for it. Brought 2 small plates.  1 was disgustingly dirty. Pierre Masperos was first choice but am hour wait.OMG! The best BBQ shrimp! I need the recipe. Nice environment ! The service was fabulous. I am craving the shrimp. Good value in the french quarter.Get the spinach & artichoke dip! The "chips" are fried bow tie pasta-very unique. I got the roast beef poboy and husband got the fried fish. Poboy was very good, husband's fish wasn't crispy enough for me. Portions were large-we could have shared. I got an effin beach and he got a Guiness to drink. Kind of slow, but good was good and server was very friendly.This is an amazing bar and grill. It could also be considered a "pub" by some. There is seating at the bar, main area, and upstairs in the balcony. We dined upstairs and had a wonderful time!
I ordered the shrimp salad and my dining companion ordered the roast beef po boy. Both dishes were out of this world amazing. Being in New Orleans, I expect good southern food, but this was a step above expectations. I have family from Louisiana, so I know what "good" southern cooking can be. 
Personally, the salad was perfect. It has a Cajun kick but without being super spicy. We also ordered the bread pudding--it is the real deal. 
The French Quarter can be a tourist trap, but this place is definitely a gem not to be missed.Basically a tourist joint. Decent food with decent prices and a decent selection of sugary, watered-down cocktails, but it was also the only place that didn't have a line on a Saturday line.point taken, and my advice is to go here if you're ok with a fine - but not amazing - meal.Excellent service from Mr.Pierce! We always have a great time dining here-- with delicious food and a pleasant atmosphere. I like sitting in the areas open to the street. Please visit! 
Recently things have changed. Service has declined and food quality has too. I hate to see this happen. It's probably a "hit or miss" place now. :(As much as I wanted to give this a five-star experience because of the wonderful attention that we got it doesn't rank for the food..  The corn and crab chowder was mediocre. It is far bested by Christopher's  in College station, Texas.  The barbecued shrimp was good but nothing spectacular.   I actually enjoyed Steves french fries more than the shrimp. Steve had a burger and it was relatively average; good but nothing spectacular.This was some great food. I had the crawfish bread and crawfish pasta. I would  recommend this place if your looking for great food and friendly serviceQuite interesting.  The table behind us had been waiting over an hour and had I not gone to the restroom I wouldn't have noticed their order sitting on a table next to an open door  getting cold. My nephew passed by and noticed it just placed there as well.  Finally  the gentleman who's table the order was for got up and began to bring his own order to their table. As for us, almost an hour later our food arrived cool and my plate wasn't even what I ordered. The wait person who took both table's orders seemed to be altered and not in a good way. Eventually the manager arrived graciously and offered her apologies and corrected my order. I'm sure under different circumstances I may have liked this place at least for the outdoor balcony seating. To our surprise the original wait person came back without an apology for either table. I would have let her go on the spot.I so wanted to like this place that I gave it two chances! 
The first time, I ordered the Friend Green Tomatoes. The batter tasted like it was straight flour and they were soaked in oil, as though it hadn't been hot enough. When I quietly pointed this out to our waitress she said "Yeah, I noticed they looked weird when I brought them out." ! Oh, gee, but you served them anyway? And she didn't comp them on the bill.
My husband had a sandwich, which he said was rather dry.
Today I dropped by again. Different waitress. I was just going to order a Bloody Mary, but she said I had to try the special, a chocolate martini with a hint of raspberry. Okay, sounded good. It took over 15 minutes to arrive and honestly tasted like fruit punch. I didn't complain as I figured I took a chance and so forth. Then the bill came. It was $13!! 
I'd have shared my feelings, but she never bothered coming back. I finally put down $15 and left.
The only good things I can say is Tennessee Williams reportedly drank here and they did bring a water bowl for my dog.They were able to accommodate a group of 10 of us in the back room (with reservations on Friday). The food was delicious and gave us a taste of New Orleans. I had the Taste of 3. I loved the gumbo and Jambalaya (etoufee was not my favorite). The courtyard and balcony were super cute (although it was rainy that day).Service is very good    Bartender was willing to create a special margarita drink and then he personally served it. Waiter was attentive (Kevin) and helped with food suggestions
This place is also dog friendly . Waiter brought a bowl of cold water for dog. 
Menu offers vegetarian options. Food very goodLove the hostesses - always so friendly! The service is usually good and the food is always tasty. The only thing I would dissuade someone from getting are the cocktails... I've tried several times and have been disappointed. Good wine and beer though, so just stick to that and you'll be good!We sat and ate in the courtyard which was small, quiet, with a fountain in the center. The courtyard is being renovated and is a smoking area, but it's charming and a relaxing place to eat and drink.
The blackened redfish was delicious with just the right amount of spice and citrus. I requested to replace the jambalaya with Cajun potatoes which they were happy to do (and I'm glad I did, the Cajun potatoes were roasted with spices, delicious). Accompanied by steamed veggies-- squash, zucchini, and broccoli-- which I have to admit was a nice change after a few days in New Orleans eating all that heavy, rich food. The boudin appetizer was pretty good. Served with a great mustardy sauce.
The staff was very friendly and chatty.Triple threat! Great staff, great food, great prices! Downstairs is a bar seating area, inside a lovely dining room, outside pretty patio seating. The bar is very, very fast and has a friendly informative staff. As far as lunch and dinner goes, you won't go hungry here. Again, the staff are friendly and very knowledgeable. I was in NO for a four day trip and I think we ate here three times -- one with a large group, something the highly competent staff handled gracefully.The food was subpar....and asked to speak to the manager about an inquiry on our check. The manager was not receptive of our concern and unprofessional in handling the situation. Will not be back nor recommend this place.Had a reservation at K-Paul's but didn't feel the menu was grabbing us for the price tag.  We started searching Yelp and came upon this place.  The menu had just what we were looking for, i.e. in my husband's ever desire for fried food (which I won't let him eat at home) he had the crawfish platter.  I had crawfish stuffed fish--both were delicious.  More importantly our server, Ishmail, was awesome....attentive, informative and handsome.  Great choice for dinner on our part!Ask to sit upstairs on the balcony, there's a lovely view to sip on your Hurricane and watch New Orleans go by.
The spicy sausage po' boy was pretty dang delicious and came with a big plate of fries - mmmm there's a dish to dream about!
Service was slooow and our server, while friendly, seemed like he was trapped in a daydream. I checked in to get a free appetizer (fried green tomatoes, yummy) and he had to take my phone and show it to his manager downstairs (weird?). I went through a few minutes of withdrawals and felt a bit nervous, but he brought it back hidden in the check book.
Overall, a nice place to hang out if you're not in a rush.Great NOLA cuisine . It's a must if you're in the French quarter !! I ordered shrimp over jambalaya & it was exactly what I was looking for in terms of southern food . Mind you I'm from LA . Anyways make sure you check this place out!Louisiana Lemonade (whiskey)......legit!  Also get the sampler...the Red Beans and Rice were really good..OOOOh and the BBQ shrimp...full disclosure, I did not have any of the shrimp, but I did dunk a fair amount of bread in the sauce, WOW!We were greeted by a very friendly hostess and our waiter was also very welcoming and prompt with making sure we had everything we needed and check in on us. They were able to sit out group of 8 right away for lunch. I got the Alfredo pasta with blackened chicken, which was good, but not my favorite dish of my weekend there. The spinach artichoke dip with pasta app was delicious though!Second night eating here while on travel. Enjoyed both times. Had the blackened redfish and the blackened shrimp dish. Recommend both.  The fried green tomatos were great, pass on the wings though, but people like their wings a certain way.  If they were tossed in the crystal sauce would have been better.  Bread pudding was great too.  Great local draft beer selection and wine menu looked well rounded.  Oh and  of course the staff, very friendly and attentive both nights. Thanks Em... and Mic....If this rating was for the food only I would have gave it a much higher rating. The only reason I gave it two stars is because our waiter busted his tail for us. 
After showing up and being seated, no sign of waitress for 30 minutes, I asked for one and was told our waiter was supposed to show up for work at 6:00, hopefully he would be there soon. Ummmmm what?? Finally Justin caught wind of our situation and jumped hoops to make our experience a good one. By the time we left the poor guy had every table in the place and was struggling to keep up.
The food was very good, portions were are the small side for the price. LOVED the duck empanadas. I highly recommend them.This is a decent spot for lunch if you're in the Quarter, and I've never had a bad meal here.  It is a bit pricey for the menu of casual food but it is in the Quarter so that's expected (average of $15+ per person).  We chose the location on this particular day because I had a previous Yelp check-in free appetizer.  (While they honored the deal eventually we had to remind them to take it off the bill so make sure you reaffirm with the server if you have a coupon or deal to include - and, as always, be sure to note the amount being comped so you can tip on the full, pre-deal amount.)  The food is typical casual New Orleans fare - po boys, jambalaya, etouffee, etc. Oh, one thing that keeps me going back is the availability to sit outside in the courtyard which is a rarity here!I stopped in for lunch and just happened to mention I was on my lunch break.... hello 15% locals discount! That's a great practice. 
Anyway,  I ordered the blackened chicken club and it was the best club I think I have ever had. The chicken was juicy, and the bacon and garlic mayo paired perfectly. This is one of those sandwiches you'll get a craving for. 
The staff was friendly and fast... just what you're looking for when trying to dodge the tourists and get back to the office in under an hour.
Thumbs up!Lucky to wander into this spot! Alicia was our server on the upstairs balcony. She definitely made great recommendations with the Crawfish Bread, Shrimp Caesar and the Chartres Cups to drink. Great mid-day break and perfect service!We really liked this place. The back patio was nice and we had Alphonse as our waiter who was very attentive and efficient. My dish was a little bland but the fried green tomatoes were great, and the jambalaya was tasty. The portions were good, too. 
Overall, great service and great ambiance. I'd definitely come here again.Went here randomly during our first night in New Orleans during our first time visiting.  Great overall restaurant with good service and fresh food.  Portion sizes were reasonable to the price.Decided to give this place a shot today and I must say that I was very disappointed. I saw on the menu an order of red beans and rice with fried chicken and when they bought my order out, I see this Huge plate of red beans and rice, had some sausage big bread but I couldn't find the chicken! So I asked; "where is the chicken?" and the waiter pointed at these 2 tiney pieces of chicken strips that look like from BK. I asked if he was joking. He said no, that is the fried chicken! I had them take that plate away! When I ask for fried chicken I want at least a Breast and a wing! Not some chicken tenders! Especially for the price! Ridiculous!!! Don't waist your time! Go to Daisy dukes! Their food was great!!!We come here every trip. The Praline cashews redfish is the star of the menu. Excellent.Just ok!  The food was just average. We sat quickly. Waiter was nice and accommodating.  The crawfish bread was good and the gumbo was not.  I had the crawfish pasta - Nothing special. Red beans are the best thing on the menu.Great service, great food! I had the crawfish bread on the appetizer menu and couldn't even finish them. My husband has red beans and rice. The chicken strip served with it was great also. Huge portions!Fish platter was amazing!  Ate here twice because it was so good!Yum !!!
Food was great!! Nice variety in the menu. Even had veggie options ( portobello mushrooms) they are Dog Friendly!! This was great since I was traveling with my dog. 
Lastly I had asked for a spicy margarita ( not on menu) Tony the house mixologist came up with an AMAZING spicy margarita on the spot. They were really accommodating and our waiter Kevin was so sweet. I would come here and Reccommend it to friends. 
Ps there is an upstairs outdoor balcony that looks over street.We stopped here our last night in New Orleans. Courtney our waitress was great! Food was good for the most part. 
The negative part of our visit was dealing with Kim the manager when our order was incorrect. The nasty attitude that came with her as the host informed her our order was incorrect was the downhill of customer service we received. 
If you happen to get an incorrect order don't expect for management to be much help or polite.Excellent! Server was Bill, with help from Chrissy  on the floor. They were a great team, very attentive..drinks were never empty and we never had to ask for a thing.. The food was amazing as well..Boudin, red beans, Cajun chicken pasta..all amazing!..p.s. I didn't give this rating for the free appetizer, I did it because the service was that great, I didn't learn about the free appetizer until after I told them that I was going to give them a good review..I feel like everyone deserves to know when they do a great job!The service was great here! The food was pretty good as well. I had fried green tomatoes (great) and crawfish stuffed fish(a bit salty, but very good), the side of potatoes were amazing!Best place I have eaten at in New Orleans so far. Our waiter was attentive and kind. Took great care of us .One of the first places we go when we hit town. The BBQ Shrimp is out of this world. The bartenders and waitstaff are super freindly.Overall dining  was good.  Sat out in the balcony and people watched.  Our server was cool there were good points and bad points.  First the good.  He was very friendly and personable. Checked on us and made sure that we enjoyed the meal.  The bad: I used the free app for the check in and didn't get it and I ordered the 3 choice taste of New Orleans and got the 4. 
Regardless the food was good and I would say yes to meal there again.A little over a week ago we visited Chartres House.  Kelly, our waitress, went above and beyond with our service.  Our visit to Chartres House beat our expectations and for this we credit our service.  Thanks Kelly, you made our day with your wonderful service.If you like authentic food, don't eat here.  This was the worst meal of a 15 meal trip.  The beers were cold and the water glasses were clean but the food reeked of mediocrity; it like nothing like the posted pictures on social media.We absolutely loved our server Marissa!! She was so sweet & on top of it! Make sure you ask for her next time you visit. Food was delicious & so was the music/ambience, the perfect little spot to stop in during a thunder storm.We liked it.  The bartender was nice and the hostess made room for us at the bar which was nice also.  We just got appetizers and drinks.  The hurricanes were good and so was the food.Very so-so. Kept landing at this intersection so the fiancé and I decided it was fate to give it a try.  I ordered the sampler and was underwhelmed. The jambalaya was the best thing but it had the texture and lack of warmth that is expected from a batch sitting out all day. 
The gumbo was terrible- at least in comparison to the gumbo I had at Amelie the day before.  The crawfish étouffée was pretty good. The red beans and rice tasted just like meatless chili. 
Probably not the worst you could find in the quarter but certainly not the best your money can buy.Do yourself a favor and get the cashew encrusted redfish with praline sauce. Best fish I've ever had. Duck empanadas were good too. Everything else was ok.I never leave a review so this will be my very first one. I have been to New Orleans to many times to remember. However, I do remember the first time I came across Charters House, it was kinda of late at night with some friends. And the place we where going to go eat was packed! And I walked a little was and saw this place and could see people laughing eating and drinking. So we got a table in the court yard next to the fountain. The food was top of the line the kind of food with a taste that just makes you stop talking and just relaxes you. The waiting staff was also very professional but at the same time made you feel at home and able to joke around. They keep the food and drinks coming till it was time to close. I have been back to Charters House every trip since then. I look forward to my next visit and I always bring lots of friends!! Thanks for the great food, atmosphere and service! 
On va se revoir plus tard!Just OK. There was no wait on a Saturday night, which is why we went, we were starving and didn't want to wait in a block long line. Food was meh, not terrible, not great.
I had jambalaya, it was VERY dry, and not really spiced. It was kind of like just eating a big bowl of dry hard rice that had been salted. The other dishes my family got were better: red beans and rice, a cheeseburger, and my sister had some sort of blackened white fish with a crawfish stuffing (her fish was very nice, but the stuffing was pretty gross). No other complaints from the table. Just a so-so meal in the tourist area of town.This is what you expect NOLA to be! Awesome food, blues music and excellent service. The Taste of New Orleans was fantastic!! We will be back on our next trip to NOLA!!!First time to Nola for Tales of the Cocktail and was happy to stumble upon this place. Our experience was made all the more enjoyable by our server, Luke, who was not only extremely attentive but also very personable, full of humor and great at upselling. As a manager of servers in NYC, it was refreshing to be catered to by such a great staff. Food was excellent. Loved it so much that we brought a bigger group the next day for lunch. Luke was our server again and we were again delighted by Southern hospitality. Cheers!Really great food! The stuffed fish was yummy but the wait to get our food was really longSo yummy! Best alligator bites I've ever had. The shrimp remoulade was mouthwatering. The blackened redfish was yummy. The crawfish etouffee was AMAZING. The beans and rice were creamy. The blackened chicken sandwich was bomb (hint swap a slice of green tomato for the red tomato). Delicious bloody Mary's, reasonable price and nice servers... All a yes. The only reason for not a full 5 stars in the narrow balcony can only fit parties of 2. Obviously they can't do anything to change that, but that was my only complaint.... Everything else was perfect!Nice but tired waitress. Medicore food. My jambalaya came to me as two meager lumps of jambalaya garnished with three pieces of stale bread; all nearly devoid of the andouille and chicken it read to include. My martini was good ($10), and the other dishes were decent. We sat on the balcony, which was awesome...for two of us, it came to $75 with tip. 
Everything was tasty, but I probably could have made it better. We were told that just one chef was in the kitchen that night...so take that into consideration if you like.
I don't terribly regret it, but I would not go back just for the food.
--AnthonyI had quite high expectations for this, but it turned out to be a tourist trap. I arrived with a party of three, and we waited about 15 minutes to be seated. The place is nice enough, but the food? Not so much. I ordered crawfish bread, which was decent, but really dry and had very little crawfish in it. 
The main course was blackened shrimp with chicken jambalaya, and unfortunately it was pretty bad. The shrimp were peeled and tiny, like cheap packaged ones you can buy in a supermarket. They were also not blackened at all, had no spice on them, and the whole dish was super bland and didn't taste like anything. I told the waiter and he promised to get me something else. I chose chicken alfredo, which my sister had and which was quite good. Unfortunately, after waiting for half an hour for my jambalaya, and then another 30 minutes for the replacement, I lost my appetite and told him I wouldn't wait any longer and just wanted the check. 
I think you can do a lot better while in NOLA and the most you should come here for is beers and a few snacks.This place is good. They have an eggplant po'boy and they carry Abita light, I'm a happy camper.Came here with my wife and another couple. Awesome food awesome service. Crawfish bread was great. BBQ shrimp was a hit. Redfish was great. Cashew redfish was unbelievable. 
I would recommend this restaurant.
Hint....yelp check in equals free appetizer.Terrific gumbo, just the right amount of spices so it is rich and flavorful, nice amount of sausage and seafood, and not too much rice, which a lot of places will pile on since it's cheaper than the gumbo itself.  Warm host and charming waiter, quick service, great sound system and jazz collection.  As with so many places in the quarter, I guess they don't take their history seriously but to any architectural buff would want original floor plan and history summary. Want to come back when I have an appetite since still a little full from breakfast!Alligator Appetizer,  Shrimp Po-boy, Crawfish Stuffed Fish, and Red-Beans and  Rice was more than enough for our family of four.  Everything was great and really good service.Food is outstanding. Get the alligator bites, and the barbecue shrimp for delicious appetizer. Our waitress recommended the crawfish pasta. It was amazing! This is a nice place two streets away from Bourbon Street, where you can escape the busy and hectic nightlife. The service is excellent, and you will get plenty of water to help get you back to Bourbon Street.Bbq shrimp was absolutely delicious! Also had the Chartres Burger - very tasteful and appealing to the eye! We loved being able to sit on the balcony and hear jazz music from Jackson square. Very convenient parking in a public lot about 2 blocks away. Our waitress, Angela, was very attentive to our needs even after I knocked my friends water over. We will be back for sure!So, so good!!! First time here. Cajun Martini's are the best in the city. Bloody Mary's are right up there also. They use their own infused vodka (green beans, sundried tomatoes, pickled onions and olives) in the Bloody Mary. The crawfish stuffed fish is to die for! Spicy, spicy, spicy just as you would expect in New Orleans.This place was wonderful.  we ended going back 3 different times during our trip.  Food was wonderful and the staff was the best!   they have a little balcony you can sit on to eat upstairs or you can sit downstairs in the main area.   We sat at both and it was wonderful.  We even stopped by to get something to go on our way to the airport for one last good meal!    The Po-boys here are the best we had in town.First time in New Orleans and first restaurant. The Taste of New Orleans did not disappoint! Very friendly staff and very helpful. Sailor Sangria was also amazing!!Of all of the Cafe's, in all of the towns, it had to be you.
Christmas dinner is supposed to be a special time, where family comes together to enjoy a good meal and to catch up, to enjoy the company of one another and to really remember what makes that family special. Well, my family vacations on Christmas, so we were able to enjoy this special meal here at Chartres House.
We enjoyed the taste of New Orleans as an appetizer, having what we all had agreed was New Orleans...best jambalaya. For some reason, maybe there was something special in the air. 
I had the roast beef po'boy which was made with a slow cooked roast beef that was delicious. Wife had crabcakes, which were ok, but nothing compared to the roast beef po boy.Came over here after a terrible wait at Camellia Grill. So glad we walked across the street because my red beans and rice were delicious! Server was very friendly, and the courtyard was a nice casual setting for our afternoon.Ok here's the skinny..  the place can't be missed walking up Chartres Street..   folks form the establishment are standing outside..  and encouraging passer's by inside with a wink and a smile. 
the huge floor to ceiling french style doors are open on all sides.. so you can peek inside and see a dark weathered looking spot with with a long bar featured..   square wooden tables..  in the corner what looks like it was a fire place..  framed paintings of jazz musicians..   
on the side is a little casino type section.  where a few stragglers were pumping one arm bandits..  
t.v.'s on either side of the bar..   one had on the new kick boxing ultimate fighting stuff.   and the other side had reruns of the baseball games that took place.  or was it golf? 
amazing.. inside the a.c. was on.  and gusts of cool air from overhead fans cut the humidity down significantly.
speak up when you order your drinks..  my margarita ended up being a shot of vodka with lime.  but this was quickly corrected.. 
It was about 6 or so when I was there..  which is slightly early pre dinner crowd...  so I was in good stead..  
I ordered the fried catfish..  which came with fries and even deep under the fries where french bread..   never touched it..  but the catfish was sublime..  the breading was tasty and different than the kind I get back in NYC
the cornbread hush puppies were tasty too.  and spicey too.  something I wasn't expecting but loved.  
the fries were fresh..  weren't soggy.   didn't feel like bagged fries.. 
the wait staff kept my water glass full.   and the mix of music on the system.  Dr. John,  Muddy Waters, Howling Wolf..   just rounded out an overall great experience. 
If your into MEGA portion size..  then this is the place for you.  
Menu is a bit limited..   but hey.  you don't come here for Falafel and Hummus..  you come here to EAT..   that you will my friend.I had a really great meal at Chartres House. It was a very cool space with an interesting back story. The drink selections were good - lots of variety and everything we tried was on point. We had fried alligator as an appetizer - a first for all of us - and it was pretty tasty. An interesting texture and the taste was a little different than what I expected but still good. I had trouble deciding what to go with for dinner so I went with the "Taste of New Orleans" (gumbo, jambalaya, and red beans & rice). Amazing! I loved all three dishes and left very satisfied. The tabasco wings were also quite good. Overall, a reasonably priced and very satisfying meal. Worth a trip.I've experienced MUCH better! To start, our waitress was rude (so much for southern hospitality ;( .. and the food just wasn't well seasoned. I got the southern fried fish with french fries and the fish tasted like nothing!! I mean, its NOLA - you expect flavor in everything and it was just blah! Skip this one.We seriously believed that the food is microwaved. Our food came out room temperature. The shrimp po boy was greasy and caked with mayo. Do yourself a favor and don't come here.We were staying in the French Quarter and we're looking for a place with fried alligator (had someone with us who had never had it). We decided on Chartres House and we were very impressed!! By far the best fried alligator I've ever had! I also ordered the blackened chicken Alfredo...amazing!! Large portion of food and so good! The staff was very friendly and we enjoyed the open air seating. I will  definitely be eating here again when in New Orleans next time!Chartres House is a creole/cajun themed restaurant in the heart of New Orleans' French Quarter. It is equidistant from Bourbon Street and Decatur Street which runs parallel to the Mississippi River. It has a bar or pub feel to it but very warm and welcoming. It also has open doors around the corner location which makes it feel like passersby are part of your dining experience. This can be good or bad depending on who they and what you're looking for. 
While the food was tasty, it was not extraordinary. Maybe our hopes were a little high it being our first time in NOLA. My favorite part was the Hurricane, a signature drink throughout the city made of two kinds of rum and pineapple juice. It was sweet but very good. The Muffalata sandwich (salami, Italian ham, olive tapenade) was decent but I felt the olives overpowered the other flavors. However that is the hallmark of the sandwich.
Prices are reasonable and again the location is ideal.My husband and I have found our new favorite place to eat in New Orleans. Love the crawfish cakes and stuffed catfish. The waiter was a bit slow but it was definitely worth the wait.I'm usually wary of restaurants whose waitstaff lurk about the sidewalk ready to entice passersby.   They scream "TOURIST TRAP! PAY MORE FOR LESS!"  (not literally, of course.  That would be dumb.)  On a very quiet Monday night when not too much was going on in the world of the Quarter, we were strolling about in search of a low-key place for a beer.  We stopped by to peruse the Chartres House's posted menu and were pounced upon almost immediately.  Having encountered several closed doors and being pleased with what we'd so far seen on their menu, we decided to throw caution to the wind.  Not a bad move, in hindsight.  We sat in the bar which is open to the street.  Very cozy, moody, the TV had the game on to somewhat kill that old-timey vibe (which worked for the bf who was itching to keep an eye on the score).  There's an enchanting back patio and an upstairs with balcony seating that I did not check out.  Our waiter was pleasant and offered good suggestions on their beers and cocktails.  We were happy with our selections.  Having had a very late lunch, we just shared the crawfish cakes which were pretty good.  Just as well we weren't hungrier; this place could get spendy.  Glad we stumbled in on a quiet night.If you want a nice view of of the city dine in the second floor.   If you want great tips of the city ask for the server Luke C. Knowledgable about the city, music, and the goings on of the city. He was very attentive. Try the alligator appetizer! So good.
Actually all the food was good. We had hurricanes and two order of alligator.You must stop in this establishment. Everyone is really nice and friendly. Our waiter went out of our way to explain the dishes and made sure we got what we wanted to eat. The blackened chicken Alfredo was the best I have had anywhere. The chef also came out to make sure everything was cooked to perfection. Next time I go to New Orleans this will be the first place I stop in. Yummmmm.It's not just because this is the first place I ever dined when I came to NOLA, but year after year when I introduce people to this hidden gem, they go bananas for the food, location, and wonderful staff.  
Their crawfish bread is out of this world and if you are looking for some authentic food without the touristy hubaloo - this is the spot.  I have been going here since 2009, and when I lived in New Orleans for two years, I came here often.
It is also a great casual date spot or a place for an impromptu casual business meeting.  Explore the restaurant - its SO big - I prefer to eat out back in the private patio or in the elegant white room - this place is SO much bigger than the front and what it looks like from the outside - so make sure to check it out!Staff was super friendly, we had some time to talk due to we arrived just after Fat Tuesday. We liked the History of the place and the neat courtyard. I got hiccups and they straightened that out with bitters and syrup so I could eat my Delicious Crayfish Stuffed Catfish. The Fried Green Tomatos were not spicy enough for me and the Gator Bits a big overfried. I would go back again and just specify spicy and light fry. I plan to return its a homey pub like feel, not pretentious...Great location...but expensive drink prices! The Spinach dip was very good and comes with fried bowtie pasta, which is a great idea! I recommend! 
Curious if we had the same waitress that others talk about on here, because she didn't seem happy to serve us and always rushing, even though there was only one other table. But her friends were sitting at the bar...so that probably had to do with it.  And the weirdest thing is...for some reason she would only talk to my husband directly, even when I would ask a question to her. That part was funny!Food was good but it took 45 minutes to get our appetizer even though it was super slow and people that got there way after us were served appetizer and entree before we got our appetizer or even refills on water. No apology or explanation for the slow service.My husband was really excited to try this place after walking past it one afternoon. We went on a rainy cold afternoon for lunch. I wouldn't recommend this place if its below 70 degrees because its uncomfortably cold! Once my body became numb to any sort of feeling, I attempted to order food. 
The waitress claimed they had the best Bloody Mary's in the French Quarter. It was $10 and you got to keep the glass (its a plastic hurricane glass). It was hardly the best bloody mary - and an absolute waste of money. The wine was equally disappointing... and I'm quite sure that the wine I ordered was not what was served. I'm kind of a wine-o, and it definitely didn't taste correct. 
The husband ordered a fried crawfish po' boy that came with fries. I ordered a muffaletta - the one thing I insisted on having before I left the Big Easy. Both sandwiches were satisfactory - nothing special though. The fries were SO GOOD. Super crispy, hot, and perfectly seasoned. 
The service was good and our waitress was attentive. I wouldn't return to this restaurant though - it was incredibly expensive for what we ordered, and really nothing special.Stumbled upon this little hole in the wall about 6 years ago. Wanted to go back but could not remember the name. Stumbled uponit again last month and will goback again and again. The Bloody Mary's are the best around. The Fried green tomatoes are to die for. Highly recomend this place! And the bread pudding OMG!The server (Brandy) was friendly and knowledgable. The fried green tomatoes were excellent and the fried bow tie pasta was tasty with the spinach and artichoke dip. Fried alligator was also good. We selected a "tour of New Orleans" which had four samples of New Orleans cuisine. The red beans and rice were average, nothing special. The crawfish étouffée was the best of the 4 samples. The jambalaya would have been better but it was cold and the gumbo was also just average...not bad but not memorable. 
I would not go back based on the average food and the issue with the check in. You can see that under tips I think.I was so happy to find this place on my recent trip to NOLA,  my husband and I ate here several times. Not only is it in a nice little corner location, but the ambiance inside is very inviting and NOLA-esque. You can eat downstairs in the bar area, where the large open doors give you a great view of what's going on outside, or you can also eat upstairs on the balcony which we enjoyed as well. The biggest thing that drew me to this place to begin with, though, is the fact that I am a vegetarian-- and as most people know, the French Quarter is not known for its vegetarian fare. On a whim we stopped and read the menu hanging on the outside of the cafe as we were walking by one day, and I got all excited since it was the first place I had encountered that actually had separate veggie selections listed. The first two visits I had the vegetarian Muffuletta, which was cheesy and olive-y and drrripping with oil. Yum!! The second two evenings I ordered the eggplant Po' Boy, which was stuffed with breaded fried wheels of eggplant and Swiss cheese. Double yum!!! My husband tried a couple different Po' Boys on their menu, and he said their roast beef one was the best he'd ever had. And to top it off, our server Amanda whom we had for several of our visits was pleasant and welcoming, and actually seemed grateful and pleased when we kept returning and telling her how much we liked it there. All in all, this place is great, and did I mention you can get a decently strong Hurricane here that isn't all watered-down? We will definitely be going here again when back in NOLA.Best Cajun food I've ever had. Our server was great and the food was amazing. 
Highly recommended!We went to Chartres House on a Friday night, 01/18/14. The host told us it would be 15-20 minutes for a table and we waited 45 minutes for a table, standing up the whole time. There really is no place to wait. The bar is very small, about 12 stools, and the front entrance is basically tables open to the sidewalk. It is not horrible to wait for a table if you are told the correct time up front so that you can make the decision for yourself. There was a restaurant two blocks down with no waiting we could have gone to. That being said, the food was really good. Two of us got a plate that had Jambalaya, Gumbo, and Red Beans and Rice. All three were very good and not too spicy, which was a plus for me as I can't eat spicy foods. The hamburger and fries were served on a bun that is from a local bakery. The service was not good at all.  Way too slow. It was a long time just to get our waiter to the table to begin with, then once he got our drink order, it was a while before we got our drinks, which he then spilled one all over the table and on two of us. Off he went to get something to clean it up. We got that from the bar quicker than he was back to do it. Another wait for him to get our order for our food. Another extremely long wait to get our food. Although the food was very good, I don't think it was good enough to outweigh the long wait for a table, the long wait for service and the general frustration of not having a relaxing dinner.  Next time we are in New Orleans, which we will be because we have family living there now, we will try another restaurant.My first dinner in NOLA was here. We couldn't decide where we wanted to go and ended up passing this place a bunch of times so we finally stopped. SO glad we did! I ended up getting the trio taster option which gave me jambalaya, gumbo and red beans & rice. Omg. I wanted to try all of these down here and bam in the first night I hit the jackpot. They were SO good. Jambalaya by far the best. It's hard because I want to try other places, but that jambalaya was so good I want to keep going back! We sat up front in the bar area which I think was quite relaxing.My mom had the red fish with cashews...she like her meal. My sister got the hot sausage Po boy...she liked hers. I got the taste of new Orleans minus the jambalaya...it was ok...the only good one was the crawfish one. Our server was polite but not very good. Doesn't know how to pour water...not attentive.The food was good, service great, atmosphere very NOLA. We sat in the balcony and we're entertained by a dixieland marriage paradeGreat new Orleans restaurant. The food is very similar to most restaurants in the area and will give you a nice tast of what the city offers. Service was great and very responsive and open to what we wanted. I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but if you're around and looking for a meal this is a great spot.The best food for the price. You do not leave this place hungry. I had the red beans and rice with the most flavorful sausage. Very relaxing and super friendly staff.Atmosphere: 3/5
Service: 4/5
Food: 2.5/5
Location: 3/5
Hey - it was a nice time, a nice meal. The food was good; just wan't the best representation of the "Taste of New Orleans" I've had. 
Soup = good
RB&R = ok
Jambalaya = ok (wet)
Ettouffe = too soupy
BBQ Shrimp = good
French Bread = overly plentiful (ate 1/5, no butter)
Verdict: I'll probably go back. It was fine, just not awesome but they were friendly and that counts highly for me.What I ordered:
- Red Beans & Rice (A-)
- Fried green tomato slices (B+)
[Checked in with a Yelp deal and got a free appetizer!]
Came with a group of 18 people - let me rephrase, 18 San Francisco 49er fans during the Saints v 49ers game and received nothing but Southern hospitality. No spit in the food, just good ole Louisiana cuisine and it was delicious. 
Richard was our server and is the epitome of a Southern gentleman. He allowed us to split our bill into 6 different checks and redeem our Yelp deals without hesitation. Richard went above and beyond to make sure we were enjoying our meal. Even if the food was sub-par (it wasn't) i'd be back just for the amazing service we received. 
I'm normally not a fan of red beans/rice but then again, I've never eaten them as authentic as Chartres House serves 'em up. It was creamy, melt in your mouth delicious and the rice helps balance out the moisture making it one perfect spoonful bite after the next. Though the beans and the rice were the main components of the meal, the highlight was the "side dishes" that come with it - fried chicken and sausage! I had my share of fried chicken in New Orleans and the ones here definitely live up to the high Southern standard.Excellent! Alphonse, our waiter, was great! He made wonderful recommendations. (Crawfish bread is amazing!) and took great care of us. Everything we ordered was delicious. Highly recommend.Visited New Orleans in the summer of 2015, stopped to eat here. After having a hand grenade I was feeling a little loopy lol. I just happened to order a dish I would never forget, the Blackened Cajun Alfredo Chicken. Sadly I didn't pay attention to the name of the restaurant but thanks to Yelp I've found it. Can't wait to come here again!Awful experience. The waitress forgot everything we ordered. It was my husbands birthday and she even forgot to bring the dessert! Everybody's food was cold and once they brought the food back it was warmed in the microwave!!
Never will come back again.Avoid! We were seating in a back dining room. There were dead roaches on the floor all around us. We informed wait staff, they didn't care at all. As a frequent traveler to New Orleans it was quite sad.Greek salad was a joke. Super expensive. Caesar salad had way too much dressing. Bathrooms were disgusting. Overall experience was very disappointing. Definitely don't waste your money.I can't believe the high ratings this place got!! Really the only reason we came was because every where else had a 30 minute wait and here we got a seat. We got a seat...but waited about 10 minutes for anyone to come over to help us. I ordered pancakes and good thing I paid the extra 2$ for bananas bc the bananas were the only good thing on my plate. My husband ordered the rice cake balls and grits which he said were average.
Once our food came, our waiter disappeared until he finally saw we were just sitting there with empty drink glasses. 
Do not waste your time here!!! Just wait at one of the more popular places!!!!Great location, good beers on tap, nice people watching, and delicious seafood. I went with a group of four and we had the crawfish stuffed fish, Seafood Platter, BBQ Shrimp and something else (This was New Year's Day 2015 - forgive my lack of timeliness and don't confuse if for forgettable food, because the food here was delicious). Everything we ate here was very good and I'll definitely return. Don't forget to check in with Yelp and get a free appetizer!Had a wonderful lunch with my husband at the Chartres House this past weekend. We'd spent all morning wandering around the Quarter and were looking for a nice place in the sun to eat lunch. 
Lo and behold, we stumbled upon the Chartres House and saw that there were open tables on the balcony. The host welcomed us enthusiastically and showed us up to the outside seating. From there, we were well taken care of by our waiter. He provided the best service we had over the entire course of our 3 day stay in NOLA.
He stopped by frequently to ask about our food and refill our water. He was very attentive, but not annoyingly so. The balcony seating was perfect after our long morning of walking. The people watching was great, and we could just barely see Jackson Square down the street.
I had a shrimp po-boy and my husband had a muffaletta. The shrimp was fried and delicious. My husband really enjoyed his muffaletta. The fries were awesome too!
This location is super convenient, the service is great, and the food was yummy.