Charcoal's has only been open for about a week but they seem to be settling in okay other than their product ordering - they were out of bison, turkey, and veggie burgers (clearly the 3 most popular other than regular beef) as well as cheddar cheese.  I would think the popularity of those 4 items should have been pretty easy to predict but then again I'm sure I would have made other mistakes.
In terms of the burgers, they're pretty good.  I ended up with a venison burger on my first visit cooked medium rare and it was just about right - and the key is that it was still juicy which of course will often be an issue with lean game meats.  The brioche bun was very good and other than the burger being over-seasoned it was medium thickness, seemed to be good quality meat, and tasted pretty good.  Of course, it was $0.25 each to add lettuce and tomato then another $1.00 to add avocado then another $2.00 to upgrade from chips to onion rings then with a drink added the total bill came to almost $16.  For one person.  I mean, it was a pretty good burger and the homemade onion rings were nice but I could have gone to Wendy's for half the price and gotten a burger that satisfied similarly.  Charcoal's actually makes Tru Burger look cheap which isn't easy and it almost makes The Company Burger appear under-salted which also ain't easy.
I still haven't had a great burger in NOLA - give me Michael Symon's burgers any day from B Spot and Bar Symon.  I've also had much better burgers in my previous residences of Portland and Chicago - and they cost less even at sit-down restaurants.  For these prices I want the best and I'd prefer if Charcoal's had a menu of 5-10 great combinations rather than making customers choose all the ingredients for every burger served.  Certainly, I may stop by Charcoal's occasionally but I don't expect it to be a habit.
Wow, it's now an hour after I ate my burger and I can still taste the salt on my tongue...Great burger spot with a fabulous "build your own burger" menu. The upstairs balcony is where it is as with a nice draft beer and bison burger. Staff was super friendly and will definitely be going back.I had higher expectations for Charcoal. I'd heard good things and was excited to try it out. While I was tempted to sample something on the more unique side (i.e. elk burger), I really just wanted a classic American beef cheeseburger. Seemed like a good place to start.
The waiter asked if I'd like it done medium, which is pretty much what I always get. The burger came out well done -- there was not a hint of pink anywhere in there. I liked the bun and the toppings, though I could have gone for a few more pickles on there. The standard fries that I got were good too.
My girlfriend got the salmon burger. She was not impressed in any way. She also had the sweet potato tator tots, which she said tasted like they had been frozen. She said she wouldn't mind if we didn't return. I wouldn't mind if we did, but there are other burger places in town that I prefer -- namely Five Guys (still my fave) and Cowbell.I give this place 31/2 stars. We got there about 10:40 on a Sat morning. Although it was rather early, my friend and I were craving a hamburger. They were still serving breakfast so we waited until 11:00 when the lunch menu starts.  The breakfast menu looked good. 
This place is almost like 2 restaurants in one. Downstairs is counter service, upstairs is full service. We chose to sit downstairs. Both of us got the regular beef burger with various fixings. I ordered onion rings and my friend ordered the fries. I give the place A+ for the quality of the meat. My burger was also cooked perfectly. I give A+ for quality toppings. The atmosphere was also nice. My biggest disappointment was the onion rings that I paid $3.00 extra for. They looked and tasted like something one would find at Burger King. Why would everything be gourmet except something so basic and easy to make? I only ate 2 of them -- they were that bad. I probably would have better enjoyed the medley of potato chips that comes with the burger sans the up-charge. I tasted my friends fries -- nothing special. 
It is my understanding that they have an excellent happy hour that includes $5.00 burgers. This would definitely be worth checking out. 
Overall, this was an enjoyable experience but there wasn't much of a wow factor. Port of Call still has the best burger for the price IMO.It is what it is...a burger.  An expensive "I'll try it, but I'll never again justify paying that much for a burger" burger.  A "trying to keep this burger bill under $20 so I won't get fries" burger.
Sure, they have some other things on the menu.  Some of it seemed pretty interesting, but if "Gourmet Burger Bar" is in your name, I expect you to really bring your burger game.  
I ordered one to go.  When I got home, I felt like I was unboxing a new Apple product.  What I found was a burger.  BONUS:  No fewer than (7) seven potato chips were thrown in.  Who doesn't appreciate a little Lagniappe?Really not sure why this place gets such a low rating everything is really really good. Go sit downstairs and watch the chef make your burger. They make everything fresh you can even watch the buns come out of the oven. The prices do vary depending on what burger you want so go prepared to pay a extra if you want a more unique experience. But a lot of love and care is put into every item on the menu. Also, I really love the onion rings its got a really unique texture its a thick coating of what I liken to a hush puppy batter, if your into a thin breading on your rings you probably won't like them.First impression was not so good..the floor plan of this place is horrid! you walk in and  start to head into what should be the restaurant and are told by somebody that you need to climb up stairs that look like they belong in a parking garage..very industrial..they even have the sodium lighting that you find in a parking garage! I was really effected by the atmosphere..and not in a good way..very sterile, the lighting made everyone look like ghouls ,the chairs are uncomfortable..there was zero personality to the place..all those things are pretty easy to fix. Luckily, the burger was good. I got the plain old house blend with tomatoes, lettuce and secret sauce..the very basic and it was okay..nothing really to rave about though. Others at the table had kobe, elk and salmon and each loved them. We did all agree that things seemed a little greasy and the tomatoes were those unripe bland ones that I picked off..buy a case of tomatoes and let them ripen before using them! so, all in all..a-ok..nothing to rave about..nothing to really complain about...oh..except the manager type lady that came over and asked how it was and when one person complained that the bun to meat ratio was not what they liked, she seemed a little pissy about it and told us they stole the bread maker from the ritz..so how could their bread be bad?. It was explained that the bread was good but the ratio bad, when asked if she was the boss, she said no..but then admitted she was but had said no because she hates dealing with complaints..so they should probably re-think who they make  a manager in the future.I do agree with a previous reviewer about the method of ordering..it is too confusing and time consuming..much easier if the chef has worked out himself what goes best on an elk burger and offer that..our waiter was obviously new and overwhelmed with all the options.Tried the chocolate shake...it was great.  Burgers & fries were equally delish.  Charcoals is two for two.The drinks were delicious!  Omg! Good burger and loved the slap ya mama fries.  My coworker got the bblt salad and it was large and equally delicious.  The crab cake is subtle in that at first taste it seems ok then it sends the more you chew the better it gets!  Which means by the time you finish you're being for another!Just don't. I would give it less than one star if I could. The food isn't bad but it's not good. It's greasy, very greasy. We went for the happy hour special ($5 burgers and $3 draft beer). The restaurant has counter service downstairs and table service upstairs. We opted for table service. The acoustics upstairs are terrible. Don't go if you plan on conversation. We repeatedly had to seek our server's attention as he spent most of his time seated at the bar and playing on his phone. The few other guests in the dining room had the same issue. My fiance ordered coffee with dinner, which came in a stained cup. We're no strangers to coffee staining and didn't think much of it at the time. When she finished her coffee, she realized just how "stained" the cup was and wiped the inside of it. Nope. It wasn't stained; it was filthy. We asked to speak to the manager who eventually arrived at our table. He had such a cavalier attitude and simply said "yep, that's dirty. I'll take care of it" and walked away with the coffee cup. We never saw him again but the server arrived back at the table a little later with our tab. The manager took care of it alright. He took the price of the coffee off the bill; that's it! There was never an apology or any expressed concern that the restaurant is serving their product from dirty dishes. The table service is terrible and the customer service is worse. Don't waste your time, money, or risk to your health by eating at Charcoals.Such a fun place! The lower portion is for more of a Serve Yourself area and the upper portion is full service. There is also outdoor seating on the balcony.
The salmon burger and chips were delicious and fresh. My mint and chocolate ship milkshake was so satisfying and delicious. My only complaint is the bread pudding, which was a bit goopy and cold. 
Service is excellent and the people working are swamped sometimes but very efficient. The food takes a while to come out but is delicious. Thanks again!had salmon burger for takeout...delicious.....so to avoid the atmosphere problems..just take out a burger.
that is my advice.Went for lunch. Good service. I had the venison burger (medium) with slap your mama fries. Burger was tasty, slightly under cooked but very good. Would recommend for a "different" burger experience.My friend took me here yesterday and I was thoroughly underwhelmed. I don't think they know what seasoning is here, particularly salt. I ordered the buffalo burger. For a $15 burger is was completely average. Honestly- the burgers at In & Out Burger have more flavor. My buffalo burger was dry, even though I ordered it medium, and it was tasteless. I added some of my friends basil aioli to the burger which helped. The sweet potato tater tots were ok. Again- not much flavor. The fried pickles appetizer also had no flavor- I could not taste the pickle at all. The shrimp dip appetizer also had no flavor. I know I keep repeating myself but it's the truth. Also, my friend did the whole "build your own burger" thing, and they forgot 2 of the things she asked for, and they gave them to her on the side as an afterthought. How do you forget bacon & mushrooms?! Never forget the bacon. Ever! 
Check my other reviews- I mostly write 4 or 5 star reviews, so you know I'm not that picky. But there are so many great places to eat in Nola that you shouldn't waste your time here. Go across the street to Steins and get a pastrami sandwich, or to District Donuts (next to Steins) and get their sliders- SO MUCH FLAVOR at that place.In my quest to find the perfect burger. I came across the place. Not only do they have some of the most intriguing choices of meat from( Bison, elk, Antelope to Akaushi Kobe) you can build one of the most Amazing burgers how ever you want. 
The taste if the burger is amazing. I'm stamping this place as my mainstay !Who is allowing this deliciousness to exist in one of the busiest parts of town? We are!! Thank God for Gourmet burgers! Whether hanging out with friends or going on a date, this place is great for the laid back couple, the friends that love to laugh, or even the business partners after work. I've never tasted a burger with such exquisite quality: the burgers are made to order. I ordered the turkey burger well done on a wheat bread. For the life of me, I can't get past how juicy it was or even how it didn't need condiments to save the burger. I would recommend this to any of my friends or family that are looking for an upper scale version of the foods they love. Not just beef or turkey or veggie...but every burger you can think of at this place is waiting for you! It's only missing a star because of the lack of a parking lot but you should expect that since it is located on Magazine street. Enjoy!AWESOME, VERY JUICY burger and during happy hour the Beef Burger is only $5. YES, you heard me right, $5 during happy hour.  The bartender could have been more attentive but I find that female bartender's tend to hover over the guy's and not the chick's (and we're better tipper's). Whatever, still a REALLY good burger.I work down the block from this establishment so I've been waiting a long time for it to open.  Unfortunately, the wait and subsequent opening was parallel to my Star Wars Episode I experience.
Walked in Friday night to be told there would be a 35 minute wait despite the bare first floor (which isn't open for evenings yet).  Got a few drinks and partook in some conversation with friends that was probably much more clever in my head than in actuality.  After 20 minutes we were seated, not bad for a restaurant that just opened.
The menu was a bit overwhelming and the customization rivals that of a "Build-A-Bear" workshop.  Each stage of the burger making process (meat, bun, toppings, premium toppings, condiments, sides) had a multitude of choices.  The menu made it seem like you could check off what you wanted and give to the server (which I would prefer) but the waitress asked what we wanted and of course I completely forgot the long list of toppings I wanted/did not want on the spot.  I ended up with a beef patty, on a brioche bun, mozzarella, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, spicy mayo, secret sauce, and onion rings.
The food took another 20-25 minutes to come out (kitchen is probably still working out the kinks) and the onion rings were lost in the process.  The waitress was very apologetic and let me keep my fries and brought the onion rings out later.  Everything just seemed to take longer than necessary, from my friends drink order that was forgotten several times, to the empty glasses of water on the table being filled.  The burger itself was very underwhelming, I ordered it medium but it tasted somewhat dry, and the secret sauce was nothing to write home about.  The creole mustard that a friend ordered, however, was incredibly tasteful, but maybe too overpowering.  The fries were on the soggier end (hey, they were free!), but the onion rings were definitely worth the wait.  Solid bun choice as well.
I would definitely recommend waiting a little while due to the fact that most of my complaints stem from the fact that the restaurant just opened and they were just figuring out the process.  The price was off putting as well as even the simplest addition of lettuce or tomatoes costs money.  You can get better burgers at a cheaper price else where.
Pros:
Good Buns
Excellent Onion Rings
Bar
Balcony (w00t!)
House Magician 
Cons:
Slow service
High price
Better burgers elsewhere
House MagicianStopped by here for their happy hour that runs from 4-6pm. Upon arrival the first thing I noticed was the division between upstairs and downstairs. The downstairs is designated for counter service, while table service is upstairs. All of this is signified by colorful Simon-painted signs. We ate upstairs, and even though it was happy hour, only three of the thirty-something tables were filled. I'll let the reader draw their own conclusion on that one.
The service and the atmosphere were both above-average. Our waitress was quite attentive to our drinks and the food arrived at the exact moment we began to think about it arriving. We sat on the super-modern balcony and gawked at the few Mardi Gras beads that rested on the awning. Quite the journey for those little fellas. 
The food, however, was sub-par. I ordered a salad and my partner ordered a veggie burger, while her mother ordered the house burger. My salad was served in a metal dog bowl, which immediately threw me off. I'm not sure what kind of bizarre psychological experiments whoever's in charge is conducting, but something is up. Further complicating my experience with the salad was the overabundance of greens in proportion to the goodies (praline bacon, goat cheese, and roasted beets). There were maybe, just maybe, five pieces of bacon and three or four smudges of goat cheese. I guess I learned my lesson ordering a salad at a burger place, but a restaurant is a restaurant and if they're charging $11 for a salad, it should as least live up to its description. My partner's veggie burger, meanwhile, was essentially a red beans and rice patty. I get that it's a New Orleans' dish and all, but the menu doesn't say anything about red beans or rice, and for $11, it's just not worth it.
Service and atmosphere receive a thumbs up, food a thumbs down, and I gotta say, if this place ever goes under, the next restaurant to move in is going to be wildly successful. It's a brand new building that had a lot of money sunk into it. Cheers.I would give this place a 3-star for the food; however, I'll never forget our waiter. He made me laugh the whole time and then ate our receipt before we left. He was super bizarre but hysterical. There are better places to grab a burger in this city and the prices are asking a little too much for what we all received. We sat out on the balcony and the weather was overcast that day. Not too much to see around that part of magazine, but I enjoy eating outside when it's not sweltering hot.I was excited to try the kobe burger, because of all it came with- Abita root beer caramelized onions, praline coated bacon, arugala. However, all the fixings took away from the overall flavor of the meat. I would get those toppings again, but maybe on a regular burger.
They do have several meat options including antelope and salmon. It's a nice place with outdoor seating. Reasonable prices.My table shared a crab cake appetizer and I ordered it as my meal.
Probably one of the top 5 best crab cakes I have ever had and the others loved it, too.We stopped in for a quick bite and a cocktail. The burger was amazing!! Get the Kobe beef, you won't regret it. Amber Abita will wash it down like a dream. The crab cakes were to die for, but I love sea food. Great place, amazing staff, very helpful and honest. Great spot!!I love it! Its an awesome concept to begin with, the food is excellent. I love the choices of building my burgers. The place is great and I think its finding its balance and groove. I"ll return and with friends in tow. Service is improving. Salud......People are really hard on this place or are having single experiences. I've been here three times and not once was I disappointed with the service or the food. I had a slow order once because a large To Go was in front of me, but they informed me at the counter and I was okay with that.I feel bad giving only two stars, but my husband and I have tried 6 things there and only 2 were good. The first time we went the turkey burger was amazing! We didn't know what the bad reviews were for. The second time we ate there and service was fine but my bison burger was dry and whatever he got wasn't good. The most recent time I was craving a cheeseburger and he got the turkey again. This time our buns were stale and the cheeseburger just didn't satisfy that good juicy burger craving. There are just too many good places for food here. I doubt I would go again which is too bad I live close!Boudin balls and burgers!  We enjoy the variety of meats on the menu and always look for the special of the month.  I have always had a great experience with service and quality of food.  Recommend the milkshakes, too.  Adult milkshakes are an added plus!Not quite there but plenty of potential.
I think this place just needs a little more time to work the kinks out. Everyone we interacted with was very nice and I particularly enjoyed the balcony. That said, orders came out very slowly and not exactly as ordered. My burger was good, not great (the toppings could have been better executed but the house beef blend was cooked perfectly medium rare as ordered).
All in all, I think there's a good bit of room for improvement and both the ability and desire to get better. Little things, like a menu with checkoff boxes that isn't meant to be checked off or 20 minutes to get a new drink, will no doubt be ironed out soon. I look forward to returning in a month or two to enjoy Charcoal's when it's hit full stride.I don't know what the hell they were thinking with the damned layout. Apparently there's an upstairs, but it was chained off during the day (?), so we ate downstairs. It's confusing and the seating is uncomfortable--you have to park your ass on an indoor bench (like the picnic-table style benches) or bar chairs. Either way, you're going to be sitting next to a stranger (at least until people stop going here). Because when I want to spend $20 on a meal, I want to rub elbows with the wheezing geezer next to me. 
Service was non-existant because on the first floor, you have to get the burger yourself. Although they didn't write the order number on my receipt, so I had to get up and ask a few times. Whatever, mistakes happen.
The burgers are tiny and they are served on a gigantic bun, which is the equivalent of screaming, "Hah-ha! I stole your f**kin' money!" I can go to Beach Corner and order a juicy 10 oz burger with bleu cheese piled on top for $7. But you want me to pay double that for a palm-sized patty and a few toppings. Great.
Anyway, the food. I got the turkey burger, and it was good, but it wasn't $13 good. My friend made her own burger, but it was tiny, and she was done in a few bites. I did love the sweet potato tater tots, they were delicious, but they were also $4 or something, and you didn't get a lot. I'm not sure how much the drink was because I ordered a water and poured myself a diet coke, and I would gladly do it again. I recommend you do it too, because you might as well enjoy a free soda while you're getting screwed.
Charcoal will have to drop their prices by about a third if they want to appear fair. I will say that if their prices were lower, I would have rated them higher. But two burgers with two sides and a soda was $30...that's absurd.2 burgers and 2 shakes not worth the $40 price tag.....surly attitude of the counter staff...priceless!The food here is generally pretty good.  I've had the beef, venison, and antelope.  The last time I went, I brought two cousins with me.  I spoke so highly of the place while we were on our way over.  We went upstairs to get full table service.  To my horror, the waiter upstairs was sweating profusely from his face and the top of his head.  He brought us out waters and we all had the same thought which was to do anything we could to avoid drinking it.  When the waiter returned to the table, my cousins were asking for some recommendations.  As the waiter gave some pointers, he was dripping with sweat and wiping it with the back of his hand as he spoke. There was no way in the world we were about to eat anything delivered to the table by a man dripping with sweat and smelling that way also.  It was not particularly warm in the room and the kitchen is downstairs!  We made up an excuse to leave and ended up eating downstairs.I would like to start off my review with a little lesson on how a business works. When a new place opens it needs a minute to find it's groove. You can't go into a place on the first day and expect everything to be flowing like clock work. There are going to be hiccups. To go into a place on the day it opens and then rate it two stars when everything doesn't go perfectly is a little unfair in my opinion. Yes, they are going to run out of things. Yes, they are going to be a little slow. If the place has been open less than a month, please go in prepared for that.  Just putting that out there.
Today I had the delight of trying the new burger place in town: Charcoal's. As soon as I heard about the unique menu, I was in. I couldn't wait to try it out. Among some of the items besides the basic beef are antelope, elk, bison, salmon, venison and veggie.
Being the adventurous spirit I am, I decided to try the antelope burger. I got it topped with cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo on the brioche bun. You can get all kinds of fancy ingredients on it like bacon and avocado and grilled onions, but I decided to keep it simple.
The burger itself was so good. It didn't taste crazy or anything like that. It had a bit of a "gamey" taste, but nothing overwhelming. It was a really thick, juicy patty and it was cooked to perfection. The bun was soft and flavorful and really good. I got a side of sweet potato tater tots. I had never had them before, and they were obviously house made and delicious. They were almost like small sweet potato hash browns. They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. All in all, really good.
Although a little expensive, I would definitely check out Charcoal's again when I am in the mood for a special burger treat.While in town for St. Patty's Day shopping on Magazine St.,  we passed Charcoal's going one direction and after several blocks of shopping, my wife decided she really wanted to try you guys out so we made the long walk back.  I had read the article and saw the pic in the "Where Yat" paper and was intrigued.  We wanted to enjoy the weather so we went upstairs and were greeted and promptly seated at a table on the balcony.Our server was polite and friendly but not very competent as a server.  Our drink order was taken, menus handed out and the menu was explained.  Drinks came back and we ordered.  I had a "build your own Kobe burger" and my wife had a house burger (I think).  We waited for approximately 15 minutes and our waitress never came back for drink refills.  The food came approximately 20 minutes into our visit, only to find out that we had no napkins/silverware and drinks still hadn't been refilled.  The guys running the food brought drinks.  After our first few bites, we were all sitting there with grease stained hands when one of our party walked in to get napkins and order our next round of drinks.  Someone (a manager maybe) did come out and apologize and say to let her know if we need anything.  The food was ordinary at best.  The Kobe burger was a major disappointment for what I paid for it, while the sweet potato tots were good.  My wife's burger looked and tasted better than mine.  Our server did finally return and we got the check so we didn't have to wait another 20 minutes for her return.  She didn't seem at all concerned at the fact that we had to get out own napkins and refills, and seemed to be content hanging out with the hostess chatting.  I think my check was around $60ish dollars for a mediocre meal and sub-par service.  We come to New Orleans annually and after this experience, I won't return to Charcoal's if they are even there next year.Looks gourmet, but hardly tastes like it: 
The good: Sweet potato tots; Onion rings; food is portioned well and filling; swift service/order placement; friendly upstairs staff; lots of room upstairs and pretty cool patio deck/terrace. 
The bad: We were told the chips were not homemade any longer. The chips come with all burgers ($9-15) but you must pay extra for french fries. Yes - POTATOES that are fried cost extra with a signature American dish that has been coming with a side of fries for 200 hundred years, but this place believes they should change that standard. Would you rather onion rings? Pay an additional $3.00.
The ugly: Charcoal's is apparently named after a family dog and conveniently has nothing to do with how the burgers are made. I am pretty sure these were gas flame fed, which isn't great for the large variety of meats Charcoal's does offer. That said, I tried the salmon burger which looked great but was sadly bland. This could use some more seasoning and less lagniappe (cucumber, tomato, egg, guac, spicy mayo). Combined with salmon, this burger should have too many flavors going on, but to be honest you can barely taste anything. At $13 + $1.50 to $3.00 substitute (fries or onion rings respectively) our tab came to $50 for 2 burgers, with 2 substituted sides, and 2 Abita draft beers. 
I know rent on Magazine is going up and businesses are fighting like hell to keep corporate giants out, but the price model has to change (or something more given to customers) to justify this. Customers are probably really paying for the rent/real estate here, because the ingredients hardly justify the cost, especially for brunch on a Sunday.Hands down, this was the best Turkey Burger I have ever had.  Juicy, flavorful, wonderful.  The service was great too.  I will definitely be back again to try something else new!Today was bad experience #3 at Charcoal's. I'm very disappointed because the first few times I went it was fantastic and would have rated 5 stars. 
The good:
 - the location
- the building
- the staff are all great.  Always helpful and always polite. 
The bad: 
Experience #1: I brought friends from out of town.  We ordered regular burgers, all medium.  Two came out extra well (like hockey pucks) and one came out rare.
Experience #2: again with out of town guests.  Four burgers ordered this time and all came out rare regardless of how we requested they be cooked. 
Experience #3: I stopped by alone for lunch today.  I ordered the Elk burger medium well.  It came to me extra rare.  I love rare steaks as well as steak tartare, but I do not like ground meats warm and rare. The texture of warm, uncooked ground meat is unpleasant to me which is why I always request medium or medium well, depending upon the meat.
I'm not the type to pitch hissy fits and demand free food.  However, I will point out the problems to the servers and ask that they share the info with the manager, cook, and/or chef.  So, three times in a row, I have shared this info at the restaurant, yet the past three times I've been unable to get a burger cooked as requested.
Sorry guys. Three strikes.
UPDATE: I am going to bump this review from 2 stars to 3 stars based upon the response from the restaurant.  They contacted me quickly and it is obvious they care a great deal about customer experience and the quality of their food.  We have communicated through emails, I have provided them the specifics on my visit, and I truly believe they are going to make any necessary adjustments to ensure the kitchen resolves this problem.  I won't scratch them off my list permanently yet, but I'll give them a little time to address the issue before my next visit.  As I said, in the past every meal I had was very good, so if this is resolved it will go back to being a 5 star review from me.The reviews on this place are too harsh. Yes, it is a bit pricey for a burger, but you definitely get what you pay for. These are high quality burgers. 
I read the reviews saying the service was poor, so I chose to dine downstairs, where you can order at the counter and dine bar-style. The staff was friendly, and the food came out quickly. I guess maybe they worked out the growing pains other people complained about which are typical for a new restaurant. 
I had the Venison burger, which was damn good. $13 is a lot for a burger, but what I ate was worth $13, so I was satisfied. The meat was lean (unlike the overly greasy mess you find at the place somehow rated best burger in New Orleans) and savory, the toppings rich, and the bun warm and sweet. It also came with house-made chips, which were outstanding. The roasted vegetables were also really tasty. 
So don't believe the naysayers; this place is solid.Insanely over-priced but diverse quality burgers & sides.
Dining out is more than just the food. It is the environment, service, and cost. While the restaurant excelled in the first three, the cost made me spit out my food.
$13 for a basic dressed burger? $5 for fries? Who in the world do you think you are?!  $10 cocktails?
Drop the process to under $10 and price the sides more reasonably. Until then, your prices are offensively high and a disservice to your tasty offerings.
*****
I have since gone back to look up the exact price of my table's meal before taxes & tip. You can find them below.
I have increases my score from 2 to 3 stars. As I said, the quality of the food was great as was the service. The price on many items, however, still seems 20-25% too high for a burger joint, not matter how high quality the ingredients or homemade the food.
I felt the same way about Richard Blais' Flip in Atlanta, a "burger boutique", which charges less but for burgers far smaller.
$6: Fried pickles
$7: Guac & chips
$9: Jalapeño Margarita
$13: Elk burger
$4: sweet potato tator totsPeople really need to relax about this place.  From what I hear they opened a few months ago, sometime mid February. Perfection takes time, it's an art form to be practiced.
We stopped by for dinner, I had the health nut salad which was delicious & my bearded friend ordered an antelope burger. He liked it, I liked it and our server Martin was great.
They were pretty slow when we went, but I love when servers spend some time talking to you. He definitely did that. (Hi Martin!) I have no complaints but you should definitely try their chips, comes on the side of every burger I believe. I stole my boy's. Delicious! Sweet potato, purple, & Idaho. Going to go back soon & try the sweet potato tots. 
They also have a really great ambience going, they've named their place after the owner's dog and my salad was served in a dog bowl. :)Helpful, friendly young lady took my order.. root beer on tap in frosted mug. Bar style seating they yell your ticket number out which is kind of diner-ish. The super friendly manager Stacy stopped and chatted with me. I ordered a turkey burger with sweet potato tots and it came with chips. Everything is so fresh!Charcoal's offers unique meat choices and serves up a very tasty burger.
I normally wait to visit a new establishment for a few weeks to give them time to work out the kinks. I don't think it is fair to the business to review a place in its first few days without cutting them some slack for sow service, or menu shortages. I lucked out on my visit a week or so after they first opened and had a great experience.
I drive past the intersection of Jackson and Magazine quite frequently and have been curious about what the new building was going to be for several months. I drove by on opening day, but didn't go in because I hadn't heard anything about it. After my first visit, I know I will be back.
I was surprised at the different meat choices. There were several exotic game burgers along with their house bend ground beef. I was feeling adventurous so I decided on the antelope with cheddar. The burger was cooked perfectly. It was juicy and did not taste as odd as I would have expected antelope to taste. I guess I had no clue what to expect, but it was very good. The burger came with a side of homemade chips which were similar in style to plain Zapp's. I think I will upgrade to tots or fries on my next visit.
I was surprised at how friendly and efficient the staff were. I came in early to beat the lunch rush which I would recommend to others. At 11:00 a.m., there was no line and several open seats.
While I did really enjoy the food, I have a couple of slight issues. The first is that it was more expensive than I would have expected. With cheese and sauteed onions my burger, chips and drink ended up around $15. While not super expensive, some friends went another day and had a bill of close to $80 including alcohol. The other slight issue is the seating situation. Most of the seats were either bar style seating or at picnic tables. I am a friendly guy, but I prefer sitting at an actual table separate from those I don't know. Since I came early I was able to snag that table, but if I had waited I don't think I would have been able to.
In summary, I really enjoyed the food and service at Charcoal's. I suspect they will become one of my regular lunch spots.Last Saturday night, I found myself craving a delicious burger. One I can take home and devoure. 
Charcoal Gourmet Burger Bar was the first place that popped in my head. 
Shamsher, Thomas, Zack, and John really made my experience a top 10. They were very inviting, helpful, engaged, welcoming, and truly sincere. 
The icing on the cake was when  I got home and bit into my burger.
The burger was unbelievable! Deciduous! Every thing they recommended was a slam dunk!
I'm looking forward to my next visit. In the meantime- I'm telling all my friends about this place (:This place is pretty good, but nothing that special. I've definitely been to other burger joints that have more exotic and interesting burger and topping combinations, but I gotta say that you will always get a good quality patty cooked however you like it. Try the seasoned fries as well - they have a nice kick!Burgers are excellent here! The restaurant has two ways to enjoy their burgers, counter service downstairs for a quick bit or full service upstairs to take your time. We had a large group and everyone tried something different. All burgers were phenomenal. Sides are nothing phenomenal but again the main attraction is the burger selection.I'm sure you don't give a shit about my love for hamburgers and rubens, but I sure do! Steins has the best ruben, and I was hoping this brand new restaurant would have the best burger in town. The best burger. I'm talking Shake Shack worthy... Nope. I don't feel like telling everyone my entire boring lunch experience, or write a creepy, longwinded insane review like ol' Paul R. did, so I'll give you the highlights and lowlights. Most importantly, I hope the decision makers of this place that cost a fortune to build out are reading these reviews and taking them to heart, because most of them are spot on (and saying the same things). 
The only way this place is going to keep people coming back is if they keep it simple and affordable. No one gives a shit about building a burger. It's overwhelming, confusing, gimicky, and frankly, pointless. Give me 15 options to pick from and take it from there. Wouldn't that make creating pars and keeping a low inventory much easier? I spent $30 on two burgers and sweet potato fries, and two iced teas. Mind you, for that same $30 I could get a 3 course pre-fixe at August during their lunch happy hour. This is the big leagues, so give me something worth my money. You're overpriced and not worth it.
The elk burger I got wasn't bad. It was much too small for the bun, but the burger itself was a good size. The bun was too way too big for the patty, and made the entire meal underwhelming. The bun ruined it for me.
My beautiful girlfriend had the veggie burger, and I can say without a doubt it was awful. It was just red beans and rice, with what? Egg as a binder? Was that cumin? yuck. She couldn't even eat half of it. It was laughable it was so bad. Red beans and rice? Come on guys! Get creative or spend 5 minutes online to find a veggie burger worth eating. That. Was. Disgusting.
Sweet potato tater tots were really good, props on that. And sweet tea! You're giving yourselves away that you're not local, but I really miss sweet tea in this town and glad you have it. Too bad its not worth me coming back for.
In the end I won't be coming back, because simply, I don't have a reason to. Expensive food that isn't unique, delicious, or exciting. Make it cheaper for what you're selling and I'm in. Make a better product and keep the same prices and I'm in. You're trying to pay for your 2 million dollar buildout, I get it, but it's not blowing people away. There are too many options in this town, on that street, for me to spend my money at a place that isn't worth it.
Good luck boys, I wish you the best!Food not prepared competently.  The cook didn't know how to cook.  I ordered mine medium well and M. ordered hers medium.  Mine was way undercooked.  They both looked the same.  Portion size of onion rings is very small.  Paid either 10 or 12$ for shrimp appetizer and the shrimp and the bacon were half raw.  Good concept but managers and owners need to supervise.Wow. Just wow.  We stopped by for a quick burger (on Aug. 17, 2013) because we had coupons for a free milkshake with the purchase of a gourmet burger. The place was in no way busy, but it was lunch time, so understandable.  We waited 10 minutes before someone (the host?) came and brought us water -- another 5 for the waitress to come by for the first time.  There were a few tables of people in the restaurant, but looking at their faces we could tell that they were not happy.  Many of them confronted the waitress and voiced their complaints for everyone to hear.  As they left, the tables were never cleaned off and the dirty dishes remained until we left.
It took another 15 minutes for our milkshakes to arrive.  After waiting 30 minutes we began to wonder what was going on here and where our waitress was. You'd think she'd stop by to check on us, ask if we needed anything or explain what was taking so long. After another 10 minutes she brought some more water for us.  We waited another 10 minutes and decided to leave. I unwillingly left money for the milkshakes and we walked out the door.  I would be shocked if this place doesn't close in the next couple months. I'm betting mid-October it will be over. 
I don't want to hear that it takes 30 minutes to make a gourmet burger. It takes less than 10, let's be real.My first review! My wife and I went a few days after the grand opening. Although they were sold out of a few things the selection was excellent. The food took a little longer than it should have but considering the restaurant had just opened it was a non issue. Some of the reviews are unfair. You can't go to a restaurant when it first opens and expect everything to be absolutely perfect. If that is what you expect you should not go to a brand new restaurant. Overall the food was very good. The sweet potato tots were da bomb. The bartender,Jeff was excellent. We both really enjoyed the conversation.Cool place away from downtown located in a quaint neighborhood with antique and gift shops nearby.  Different types of specialty burgers to choose from (Kobe beef, venison, buffalo, elk...).  I had a salmon burger (good) and a peanut butter milkshake (awesome).
Overall an enjoyable place.2nd time there and the last. Sucks because it is right by my house. Service was horrible!Our first and last visit was yesterday.  I expected more for $40.00 spent on burgers and fries for a family of 3.  We went during their "happy hour" and the $11.00 house burger was half off, but because my daughter only wanted lettuce & ketchup, the cashier charged us $9.00.  When I questioned her about it and explained that it didn't make sense that we were being charged more $$ for less, her snippy response was well that's the way I was told to ring it up and I don't make the prices.  However, she told us when we were ordering that if we wanted to take some things off or make some adjustments to the burger, that would be fine.  Our food came out cold and dry after close to 40 minutes of waiting even though we were the only customers downstairs.  It's really not the issue of the $3.50, I had an issue with her response & lack of good customer service.1 hour for food to make it to table. Tables at 50% capacity. 1 waitress for all tables. Too many tables for waitress.
Wife's burger cooked medium; mine cooked well done. Should have been vice versa. Chopped Salad delivered to table when it should have been Health Nut salad.
30 minutes without any attention at table. 
Entire meal comped by restaurant. Not our intent whenever dining out.Second time. Raw AGAIN! Worst part was it was for a child. I want to like this place I really do but I won't be returning with price tag that leaves one feeling anything but "happy" at happy hour it's not acceptable to serve raw meat on stale buns.Piss poor service. We ordered and paid and then learned from the patrons that we would surely be waiting one hour for our burgers!!! Manager and cashier were unapologetic but did give us our greasy chips as starters! Will never come back no matter how good the burgers!!!! Boo! Hiss!Yes yes yes!  Get yourself a quality burger with quality topings!  Elk burgers, venison, kobe...they have it all and it melts in your mouth!  I highly suggest the sweet potato tater tots and Joe as your server!  He was AMAZEBALLS!!!!I entered, ordered, and was served a pretty standard hamburger.  It was a little over-cooked and the fries were a little soggy, but all the components were there:  meat, cheese, bun, etc. etc.  It was a hamburger, just as I expected.
Although we live in the so-called "Golden Age" of upscale fast food - and I know all about paying twelve dollars for a hamburger - to get a pretty standard, average burger at this price point leaves me a little cold.  If I pay as much as I did for this burger, it better sing, baby.  
There is a Wendy's across town where you can get an average hamburger for about a dollar.  
Just saying.Tried multiple times eating here. Customer service is severely lacking here. First time I went in guy behind the counter was extremely rude so I left. Today tried calling in an order Togo and was told that the manager wasn't letting them take phone orders. Seems like they really just don't care about making customers happy.Had a great time sitting on the balcony enjoying a quiet evenings breeze. Home preseason Saint's game had all its fans inside leaving the entire balcony to myself. Had the Coolinary Event dinner and chose the grilled seasonal vegetables (delicious and healthy) than the Kobe burger ( a mixture of sweet and salty greasy goodness) than had chef's choice dessert - vanilla ice cream chocolate pie (brought back reminisce of my own mom's pies). All in all a grand evening.Great burger place!  I do not eat meat but there are plenty of options for me.  My favorite is the salmon burger!  yum yum yum...We ate here twice while in town a few weeks back. The house we were staying in was just down the street, so when hunger hit and the lines were too long at the deli across the way, we found ourselves here. 
The restaurant is split into two zones. The first floor, which is a more casual counter service and the second floor, a table service kind of area. We ate at both over the two visits. 
One rub I heard from local friends and felt myself, is the buildout of the space. The materials used give a polished almost chain produced feel and doesn't lend much character to the space, which just about every other eatery in the area has tons of. It almost subconsciously sets you up with a feeling of unease while coming in for a bite because you're so used to walking into an old worn out building with weathered floors and warm woods, instead finding stainless steel and polished concrete. They do make a good attempt of incorporating NOLA into their decor though by having dozens of signs and works from local artist Simon Hardeveld strewn about the space. 
We had breakfast downstairs in the counter service area and it was great. I ordered a simple two eggs, bacon toast and other staples style plate and everything came out quick and good. A plus of the downstairs seating is much of it sits you looking out to the street for great people watching. Lunch, another visit, was upstairs in the table service seating. Their main attraction is the wide range of burgers on their menu. They offer multiple meats beyond beef, including wild game and plenty of topping options to make your burger your own. The regular beef burger I ordered was good enough, but for a place that focuses on burgers burgers burgers, I wasn't blown away. 
Service upstairs was great. Our server was very friendly, chatted us up and made sure our food came out as quickly as possible. 
All in all, I liked it better for breakfast downstairs than the table service burger house upstairs. It's worth a visit if you're looking for something easy, especially if you're an exotic burger hunter.I'll keep this brief for the quick readers.
The facility is clean. Customer service is astounding! Food is absolutely worth the drive no matter how far you are traveling from! A NOLA MUST VISIT SPOT!
Now for the juicy bits of the review.
For starters, you can choose EXACTLY how you want your burger! Toppings, style of bun, and how cooked your meat can be! The process is made extremely simple as well. 
Personal note: I've been there three days in a row. That should give you an idea of how EXCELLENT this establishment is.I agree with Yelp, this place is a solid three. Maybe three and a half??
Had guests visiting over TG and they suggested Charcoal's for dinner. Being a gaggle of vegetarians, that piqued our interest. 
The place looks amazing. Clean, lots of wood and cement but still comfy and some really good art. We arrived to the empty dining room for a table for 9 and were offered a couple of options. My husband and I were the first to arrive and we got cheese fries and drinks. I had a bit of a low blood sugar and we asked for orange juice, and it was a cocktail pour, rather than a full glass, so that was weird but fine. Cheese fries took so long that we asked if our server had remembered to put them in - she had. And this is pretty much how it went - the kitchen was just sooooooo slow. Now, the downstairs is for takeout and the upstairs is dining - I don't know if there are separate kitchens handling those two offerings but there can't be. Not with how slow food was. 
The vegetarian offerings were outstanding - particularly on the build your own burger menu. They only had four copies so there was a very involved process of filling out the menu in different colored inks, but from what I saw everyone's food came out exactly as ordered so HOORAY!! Towards the end of our meal I saw more BYO menus being brought to another table so they must've printed up or found more. 
We all had to eat our burgers with knife and fork. I had the salmon burger from the recommended menu, and it was woefully under-seasoned. The fried egg on it was perfect. My husband had the shrimp burger from the same menu and said his was drastically salty. So there's that. Onion rings were on the sweet side, sweet potato tots were a bit too big to cook all the way through (I tried to give mine away but no one really wanted them) and fries were perfect. Stick with the fries. Sadly, no one got the chips. 
Service was really good. Our waitress was bartender and server that evening and seemed to not get overwhelmed with our big party and the other two two tops that came in. But our dinner took over two hours and most of that was spent waiting for food. With kids in tow, that was just too long, and that's always too long for food that was just okay. Next time, as the locals, we'll speak up when guests pick a spot, but we were excited to try a new place. I think if I was needing food and down on that end of Mag I'd go in again, but I'd do the BYO menu and ask for salt.We have done this place multiple times. Nothing ever stands out. The concept is great. Pick a bun, pick a meat, pick your toppings, etc. It just Phil's did it years ago and executes it better with out the pretense. I recommend the deer on a brioche bun. The other meats I tried came out dry. They have some nice toppings and the shakes are worth a try. Not a bad place it just doesn't separate itself to a top burger joint.So great! Drinks were a bit pricey but the sweet potato tots and Cobb salad were wonderful! They have over ten types of gourmet burgers to try. Cute outdoor seating on Magazine St. Go check it out!We waited for over 45 min for our food. Service is really slow and not so friendly. Wouldn't recommend.Cutest place to grab a burger!
Praline bacon! Fab boudin balls appetizer! Expansive protein selections! 
Service was great too! Patio would prob be awesome on a nice day- drop in for lunch & try it out!Although SO many options, this place is just OK. Where to start....
bison, 
venison, 
kobe, 
shrimp, 
salmon, 
turkey, 
veggie, 
elk and so on. 
These are some, that's right, some of the burger options. This was the most convenient/casual place to dine in the area before our tour started. We didn't want anything sweet so district donuts was out (sadly, because they looked amazing). The art on the walls was unique, bright- bold colors and very inviting. We approached the counter and the woman at the register gave us the run-down of how the restaurant worked: casual dining at the counter downstairs or sit down/wait staff service upstairs with balcony seating. Since we were in a slight rush, we sat downstairs at the counter.
After an overview of the menu, we opted to build our own burger and oddly enough felt fancy to go for the ordinary house beef burger (see what I did there?). We generally like our beef cooked medium, but it came out borderline done. A hint of juiciness lingered, which made it palatable. Toppings: lettuce, ketchup, mayo, creole mustard, pepper jack cheese, jalapenos on a Hawaiian sweet bun topped with an order of Slap Ya Mama fries to share. It worked out nicely to share the entire meal because we wanted to save room for a larger meal later in the evening. We washed everything down with 2 for 1 ritas to celebrate Cinco De Mayo. 
Overall, the service was good; the ambience was cool, but I can't say this is a restaurant I'd keep on my bookmarked or favorites list. The seasoning on the fries were pretty good and the burger was pretty good, but all in all nothing to write home to mom about.I am not sure why this place seems to be getting a bad rap. It is a little on the pricey side I suppose, but it was well worth it. I got the venison burger cooked rare and it was pretty darned close to the best one I have ever had anywhere. Also, we got a side of the boudin balls; which were also quite good. While it might not be typical "New Orleans" fare, the food here was awesome and the service was great. I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you like funky burgers and are in the area.Went here during a Mardi Gras and was not disappointed. The milkshakes are stacked with awesomeness, I preferred the strawberry. I accompanied that with the elk burger and chili cheese fries. All were severed as asked for.
We dined on the downstairs level but there is an upstairs level, we didn't explore it. The downstairs have huge glass windows with turn stools that face the windows granting a view of the area.Not a bad burger.  I've eaten here a few times and I've tried several of the burgers here.  They are decent burgers; a little pricey for what you're getting but that just seems to be how it is nowadays.
I've had the beef, bison, and the venison burger.  The bison was my favorite of the three.  The beef burger is pretty good; nothing to tout about but it's a respectable burger.
The venison burger just wasn't that good at all.  It was very dry and honestly didn't have much flavor.
It's worth going to if you're in Lower Garden and don't want anything fast food, but I wouldn't go searching for it.
The the praline bacon if they have it!Don't get me wrong, I do frequent this burger bar. It's close proximity to my home so I can walk there or if its less than favorable outside Food Delivery NOLA picks up from there. I've brought numberous friends/family to this restaurant but my recent experience was less than favorable. 
I arrived a little before halftime of the Saints game (about 1:19pm), just me, and was seated promptly outisde upon request which was awesome. It took a while to be greeted by the server, she brought water and took my drink order then kept forgetting it. When she finally did come back with the coke & to take my food order we went through the Build Your Own option and away she went. I thought all was well until 1:34pm when she came back asking if she had taken my order already, and apologized for misplacing it. So I re-ordered and off she went. 30 minutes later a burger came out but it was not the BYO I ordered so she took it back. Maybe 3 minutes later she brought back what looked like the exact same burger sans the unwanted toppings and replated. There was still mayo residue on the lettuce. 
Sadly the kobe beef was overdone as well :(
After I finished eating, I placed the finished plate at the end of the table and waited about 10-15 minutes before asking another server for a box and my check as I had felt very ignored by the waitress - she passed by quite a few times and stopped at the neighboring tables but continued past mine despite the empty plate ready for bussing.  
I told the waitress it seemed like she was having a rough day, and her response was that 4 tables were seated at the same time. One of her other tables had gotten so frustrated with the service that a patron made a bit of a scene and the entire group left. 
Maybe it was just a bad day for her; NFL sunday, gorgeous weather & halloween weekend... I may just have to stick to week day visits.My friend and I tried this burger bar for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was empty when we arrived (we were the only customers) but it picked up as time went on. There is a really cool and relaxed atmosphere and great food. I had the buffalo burger with the Sweet Potato Tator Tots (which were amazing BTW). My friend had the regular beef burger which was also good. Also, try the chilli cheese fries as an appetizer. Wait staff was great also, very friendly. I would definitely recommend trying this restaurant/hamburger bar out!Great burgers and friendly staff. Kind of pricey and a bit of a wait for the food but no major complaints.Let me start by saying we never ate here.
6 friends of mine walked in to downstairs thinking we could order and sit at the 5 million chairs along bar like tables  they have lining the wall plus two picnic tables, but nope. They said downstairs is only for takeout. Here all these tables and all these people that want to eat there and nope, no food for you. It was pretty confusing. In addition before we got kicked out, they were out of half of the ingredients. After reading all the reviews, doubt I'll go check it out again. It's unfortunate too bc out of the party of 6+ people I was with I was the only one willing to go back after getting booted out of the "take out" area.Overpriced, under flavored, slow service, warm beer, cold fries, surly waiter.  What a waste of money. Never again,  stay away.I really should have payed more attention to the bad reviews on this place because my experience was just as poor as everyone else. I ordered the bison burger and proceeded to get nickel and dimed to death on toppings. Then I chose fries rather than the free chips that I didn't know were free due to the small print. My order took 45 minutes before it was ready. My friend complained and he was given a free dose of grease via the chips that were nothing to write home about. They are of a potato medley though the only ones out the medley that are decent were the sweet potato chips. When I finally got my burger it was good though you couldn't tell it was bison. I had my suspicion as to if it was actually bison due to the light color of the meat when bison has a much darker color. I have eaten many a bison burger from Ted's Montana Grill and you can tell when you get bison over beef there. The meat also didn't have that little hint on tang that bison normally has. The so called slap ya mamma fries were tasteless at its name, I had to dip them into a hot sauced mixed ketchup to provide any spice. Overall the bad reviews are true and its best to just stay away from this place. The only good thing that has changed since the early reviews is that at least for me and from what I saw the patty is much bigger than some I've seen posted on here. If your in the area go to the District or Stein's across the street. UPDATE: "WHERE IS MY APOLOGY?"This place is average at best.  The list of burger options looks impressive, but building an interesting burger gets expensive quickly because they all add to the price.  Even the interesting meats (e.g. elk and antelope) are blended with a significant amount of beef.
The burger itself was nothing special.  Go a little further uptown to Company Burger for the best burger in town.  You're only about two miles away.This place was good not great. I did the build your own burger and it was excellent. But service was extremely slow. It took almost two hours from start to finish for two burgers. We ate outside and it was really pleasant. Our waitress was nice but really scattered and seemed averse to writing things down as she had to come confirm with us on a few different aspects of our order. The bathroom was a horror movie. Super dirty, overflowing trash cans and no TP in any of the stalls. Really surprising for this place as they'd only opened a few hours earlier which leads me to think that no one cleaned it the day before like at all. Like I sad good but not great unfortunately.I have been here twice now and have left both times with the same disappointed feeling. Why after the first time did I choose to return? I couldn't tell you. The first time I went i placed a to go order and sat for nearly 30 minutes waiting, at about 4:00 in the afternoon. The burger was good, but definitely not worth the $20 or the wait. The second time, I went with a couple friends hoping for a better experience but boy was I wrong.  We again sat and waited, too long, for what was sure to be a delicious gourmet burger, right? Wrong. Firstly, we all ordered one after the other at the counter downstairs but it took about 5 minutes if not more in between each of our burgers coming.  Second, when they finally did come, they were overdone. Even after sending one back, it came back overdone...again. I also ordered onion rings, which I were also pretty poor.  
If you're looking for a good satisfying burger, make it at home, or go to The Company Burger uptown.The Kobe burger was 100% perfect.  Best burger I've ever had in my life, and was worth every millipenny.  I can't imagine someone regretting this burger, and this place deserves far more than 3 stars.My husband and I went in for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. Yes, it's a tad pricey but I don't mind paying an extra few dollars to have fresh, never frozen, hand-made food. The sweet potato tots alone are worth a visit. I got a beef burger, my husband the bison burger and we both tried the crab cake. Everything was great. Both burgers were cooked at the temperature ordered and had great taste. I personally prefer to let the quality of the meat and ingredients shine rather than cover them is spices, sauces, and other unnecessary bells and whistles.My daughter and I had dinner tonight on a friends recommendation. First of all the gentleman at the cash register did not know what he was doing. It took forever to take our order. There are so many great burger places in NOLA and this is not one of them.Swung by for breakfast, Robert B is the name on the receipt, young black guy working the register, was a total dick. 
It made total sense to me that the donut shop across the street had a line out the door with people sweating waiting in the heat and this place had no one inside besides my group. 
For 8 people it took over 45 minutes for some of my group to get their food.
The boudin balls were great.I was very excited about eating here. The menu looked great. We were very disappointed. The burger was meh. It didn't have much flavor. Mine was ordered medium and it was very overcooked. It comes with housemade potato chips. These were very good. One of my dining companions got the Shrimp Burger. Funnily enough, the shrimp was under cooked. It didn't look very appetizing, and she ended up eating just the bun with the avocado and bacon. Another dining companion got the Wild Boar Bacon on his burger. We compared my regular bacon with his and we couldn't find any difference. We ate upstairs in the full service dining room. Downstairs is counter service. It's very nice upstairs, great views out of the windows, cool furniture. It is a hike up a lot of stairs to get there. I didn't see an elevator, but that doesn't mean they don't have one. The service was good. The bar upstairs looked very nice. I don't think we'll be back.  Too many other choices to waste time on meh....the food was meh, the service was lackluster.  Definitely not worth $50 bucks for two
My girlfriend and I ordered pretty standard fare: two burgers, an order of fries and an order of tots, and two beers.
My burger was cold.
Her's didn't have the add ons she requested.  She actually said something to the waitress, who took the burger back to the kitchen.  When it reappeared, it had the wrong add-ons on it.
The service left a lot to be desired.  The waitress was nice enough but she was completely in-attentive.  We had to ask for waters three times to actually get them.  She never came to ask if we wanted anything else.  I had to flag her down to get our check and it still took a while.
If I'm going to pay for a "gourmet" dining experience, I'd assume the wait-staff were going to be more attentive than at a fast food restaurant.  
The only good thing about the experience was the fries.While the Slap Ya Momma Fries, praline bacon and housemade chips were good, the venison burger was a horrible experience. It should've been medium, but was rare. Instead of firing a new burger, they stuck the rare one back on the grill after it had been handled. The manager was the one who brought it back out and asked if it looked okay, but didn't offer anything else or come back to check on us anymore. 
Now onto the service, the waiter was fine to start with, but when the burger went back, he disappeared. When he did decide to come and check on the drinks, he spilled water on my hand and blamed it on the ice. 
Poor, poor experience that cost over $30.If you are looking for a juicy burger, some sweet potato tots and a drink, this is a good choice. Not super handicap access able as the main restaurant is up stairs with no elevator in sight.
The burger was good, my companion had the buffalo burger and liked it and the onion rings were light and crisp. 
Good stop for lunch!!I just checked their site again - they must have dropped their prices over the last few months.  I'll certainly give them another whirl now that they seem to be more in line with reality.This place is awesome! My new favorite burger joint in the city. I had the Kobe burger and it exceeded my expectations. Will definitely be back.I had been eagerly anticipating the opening of this place for what seems like over one year.  Unfortunately it was certainly not worth the wait.  The girl at the register was very friendly, but the experience was downhill from there.  First, there are two seating options downstairs at lunch, communal tables or a counter with dreadful wobbly stools, neither of which are appealing.  I have never been a fan of sitting with strangers, so both options are particularly problematic for me.  I must say that the sweet potato tater tots were excellent, but that was it.  The brioche bun was very dry and the alleged goat cheese was very unappetizing.  The bacon and caramelized onions were both acceptable.  However, it was the meat that was the main source of this 1 star review.  I must say the restaurant lives up to its name as the meat tasted like a charcoal patty.  What was supposed to be cooked medium well was pretty charred inside and out and had NO flavor whatsoever.  I really hope the restaurant makes some needed changes as the location is excellent and it does have potential.  However, for now I'll be going back to Smashburger or Company Burger.  By the way, I neglected to mention that my burger, a coke and the sweet potato tater tots came to $21.80!  Outrageous.Not to spoil the ending, but I wish I would have read the other reviews before deciding to eat here.  Since the secret is out, here is the headline - Food was excellent.  Service sucked.  
I was playing tour guide for some out-of-town guests on Saturday.   We were cruising Magazine trying to pick a lunch stop when Charcoal's came into view. Last time I had been by, the building was still being put together.   Coincidentally, we had just been talking about the burst of gourmet hamburger places in NOLA.  It seemed the Gods were pointing us the way.  Shiny new building, the promise of a great hamburger - were we reading the signs correctly?   Immediately finding a parking spot confirmed that fate was indeed beckoning us in.
Nice place, interesting building, love the deck overlooking Magazine.   The upstairs dining room is nice, clean, bright.   Lots of windows overlooking the street.  The furniture is  comfortable - not sure why they didn't use bar height table/chairs all along the windows to make it easier to look down on the street.
We were met at the top of the steps by our waitress who was also hosting. Unfortunately, it was too was too cold to sit outside.  We were quickly seated at a table by the window. And that was it for service.
The rest of the meal consisted of waiting on the waitress to give us menus, get our drinks, get drink refills, get replacement silverware, get the food out to the table, bring the bill, etc., etc.  Its been a long time since I've been anyplace where I was so annoyed by the service.  I have no idea what the problem was, but this is inexcusable.  Looking through the other comments, it seems I am not the only person who was impressed by the service.  
The burgers were excellent, loved the chips.  The fries were good and would have been excellent if they had been hot when we got them.  The salmon burger was great, cooked perfectly, excellent roll, inventive condiments - was that an egg on it?.   The rest of the party had variations of the hamburger, everyone agreed it was exceptional.
Service is a deal breaker.  I would not return anytime soon.  There are lot of restaurants in New Orleans, on Magazine and certainly serving high end hamburgers.  Remind me to try this place again next year.To the owners about your reply:  I shouldn't have to see a manager about obviously undercooked appetizer and/or ill prepared food.  Nobody was checking the food coming out of the kitchen.  I don't want the staff to spit in my food or worse if I send it back.  Most people don't want to cause a scene.  They just don't go back.I don't come to yelp to argue with anyone, or, to seek freebies from restaurant owners.
I come to seek unvarnished information from my fellow "diners-outers" as to the advisability of going somewhere or the nuances; such as what is best to order, what is good or not, and other useful information.
In turn, I try to give unbiased infopinions on places with which I am familiar, for use of others on here.
The bits of humor on both sides help make it enjoyable, and are appreciated.
But, when one listens to the nice waitress having to make profuse apologies to EVERY table in earshot; something is WRONG with the establishment !
Sorry, no intent to offend; just inform !
RickThe interior was open, hip and lively. There was art work all over and the seating was cafeteria like but it fit well with the casual atmosphere. There is seating upstairs that's more like a sit down restaurant. The service was nice and the food came out in a timely manner. My boyfriend had the watermelon juice, which was light and refreshing with a hint of cucumber in it. I had the lemonade which was a bit on the sweet side, if I were to have asked for an extra glass with some ice and poured it into that then it most likely would've been perfect. 
For the burgers we ordered the elk burger with onion rings and the antelope burger with sweet potato tots. The tots and onion rings were perfect. The tots were thick and crispy, the onion rings weren't greasy and were season really well. The elk burger tasted similar to a regular beef patty but much more meaty and gamy. The antelope was lighter and you could tell it wasn't beef, it had a slightly irony and gamy taste. But both pretty decent burgers and I'm happy they had something like this for us to try these types of meat.
Changed to 4 stars because I do believe the burgers were creative, the sides were great, and I do appreciate they read the reviews and comment respectfully :)OK,
We waited some six weeks and tried "Charcoal's" again.  It was a little better; beer is cold now, waitress was fine.
BUT, I specifically inquired if my burger would come out "raw" if I ordered it "medium rare" and was told "NO".  Well, guess !  It was raw.  Strangely, Wife ordered the exact same thing at the same time, and hers was cooked much better.
Order to service was about 35 minutes.  Place was about 1/4 full.
Bottom line: One for four, from a place which specializes in and advertises "gourmet burgers", just won't cut it.  This is  the "Gang who can't Shoot Straight" running a burger emporium.
There are several much better burgers in the immediate neighborhood:  Bistro le Citron, Dino's, & Houston's, for a few.
If this place can stay open another six months, we may try again; but, don't bet on it !
RickThe burgers are good, but the prices increased over the past year. I am not fond of the chips. I have been there a few times and the service was good once. The most off putting thing to me is the cocktail menu. The drinks are small and ridiculously overpriced. The specialty cocktail menu needs some revising.Went here for lunch with 2 co workers.  I got a regular beef burger American cheese sautéed mushrooms and lettuce sweet potato tots.  My bill was $19.00.  That is a little steep.  The burger was just okay.  The bread was really dry if that makes sense.  The tots were awful.  They were falling apart and no flavor.  There was 5 people in the whole place at lunch time.  Obviously, there is a reason for that.  I probably won't return.Mediocre is the best way to describe Charcoal's. Our server was the best part of the meal, she was super helpful and patient with us. My burger (I had the Kobe) was well done and I asked for medium rare, and if I wasn't starving I would have sent it back seeing that I was paying $18 for it. The bun was tough and stale tasting and cold to boot. A burger with so many great ingredients shouldn't be so tasteless. Can a girl get some salt? Unfortunately, they just could not execute, every ingredient fell short which was a bummer. Also stay away from the sweet potato tots, they have an unpleasant and weird texture. In a city filled to the brim with great food don't waste your time here.Charcoal's has a great selection of unique burgers.. Bison, antelope, venison, turkey, and more! I got the shrimp burger and it was DIVINE. It came with white cheddar, bacon, and fresh guacamole and it was honestly one of the most delicious concoctions I have ever eaten. The only reason I gave 4/5 stars is because: 1) the burgers are a bit pricey and 2) fries are an extra 1.50 to replace the homemade chips. I guess Charcoal's has been reading the reviews on here because my service was pretty good - the waiter may have actually been a little over attentive, but I don't think that's a bad thing! I definitely recommend trying this place out!Woooooo!!! Just had the burger of my dreams!!!! How this place got a single bad review is beyond me. I enjoy all types of food and it is rare that I get a "hankering" for a burger, but these m'f'ers deliver like a boss!Wow. 21 bucks for a burger shake and fries had me a little sticker shocked for a counter order but I at least thought, "well I'm in for a good meal." Not so much! Not good.This place may not be a hole-in-the-wall gem that people talk about when they mention New Orleans, but dangit, it should be. They have a great selection of tasty burgers and the praline bacon ruled. The drinks they offer are really great and the service was outstanding.Food: good, not exceptional.         Service: awful!
I really wanted to like this place a lot more than I did. It started well. We decided to eat downstairs. Peter took our orders and was knowledgable & friendly. We decided on the Coolinary menu which was a house burger, a side & a dessert. We got our food fairly quickly. Our burgers were more rare than medium rare, but no problem there. The onion rings had a nice crunch to them & the sweet potato tots were outstanding.
My husband went to the counter to get our desserts. 15 or 20 minutes passed. He went to the counter & asked again & was told they were "understaffed", despite 7 people working back there. The restaurant was not the least bit busy. He was asked if we wanted our desserts in a go cup?!? We then got the wrong desserts. We ordered a piece of tiramisu & an ice cream sandwich, they brought us a milkshake.  sigh
The other issue was there was no one bussing dishes. As people left, dirty trays were left for the entire time we were there. As people came in, there started to be a shortage of clean places to sit. Finally someone picked up one tray (not two) & walked to the back. Very inefficient.
You can get as good or better burger at any one of a dozen other burger places.There were lots of interesting and yummy burgers here.  Pretty much any kind of burger you could think of, they had.  That being said, it was a bit pricey; and being one of about four burger places all on Magazine...I went here with friends on a Monday (Aug 20, 2013) during their happy hour at around 4 p.m.. Maybe it was because it was an off time but our service was great; it took us about 45 minutes from being seated to eat, pay, and walk out the door. Two of us had the happy hour burger which, though small, was cooked well and was delicious. One friend had the elk burger which she raved about. The fries, chip medley, and milkshakes were also extremely good. I took off one star because the waitress forgot to take off the milkshake with a coupon we gave her for my friend's elk burger. We will definitely be back for happy hour there though.Terrible service. Just walked out just now. My sister and I went here to grab a bit and literally sat there for 15 mins no one came to get our order and some other girl took an order for people who sat down way after us. I'm upset I have to give a star for this when there was no serviceI'd give it 2.5.  Burgers were tasty and cooked to order.  Portions were small by comparison to competitors, but enough for me.  Prices were a bit high but competitive for this area. The meat was tasty but the fries were very salty.  The balcony overlooking Jackson Ave. was nice but the electrical pole wire was 2 feet from the metal railing and it was a little weird.  Service was ok.  It just didn't have any WOW factor.  Menu meats from various animals was not something I was interested in.My new favorite place when I visit New Orleans.  There is nothing like going to a restaurant for a good burger.  It is even better, when the restaurant does not disappoint, but delivers!  I visited Charcoal while visiting New Orleans for the holidays.  It is an awesome restaurant on the now revitalized Magazine Street!  I had a holiday burger, which was a spicy burger with venison.  The burger tasted awesome! I can't wait until my next visit!We have been here a few more times, up until about 6 months ago.  Just got home from the latest foray.
The place has gradually improved.  It is now worth a try.
The milkshakes have always been very good.
Recommend the basic beef cheeseburger with veggie chips.
Will post pic as update.Its ok. We enjoyed going but unfortunately its not as great as i wanted it to be. 
The beef burger was good. Juicy and tasty. Decently priced, and i recommend getting the chips, the slap yo mama fries or the onion rings. Plain fries are just plain and I didn't like the sweet potato taters, they were weirdly crunchy on the outside and too wet on the inside. 
The Bison burger was good. A little dry but i think that usually goes with Bison, however it was pretty good and I would get it again. 
The Kobe Burger was the too expensive and didn't taste good enough for $18. But, the sweet bacon that comes with the Kobe Burger was pretty amazing and might....might...have made it worth it. 
So...I was underwhelmed but this place isn't crossed off my list completely.Charcoal is better then the three star rating would suggest. It serves a nice selection of burgers including, but not limited to venison, elk, Kobe, buffalo & salmon. They have veggie alternatives as well. There topping selection is equally vast and satisfying. The praline bacon could be the most delicious thing I've ever tasted. 
On our two visits we sampled several of the apps and burgers and were for the most part satisfied. The jalapeño poppers are fresh tasting and unique, and the sweet potato tots were delicious. 
They lost the fifth star from me because two of the three burgers we ordered were overdone. This is a cardinal sin to me anywhere, but especially a place specializing in burgers. I will admit that the burgers tasted great and the topping were spot on. I went so far as to take my burger up to have it redone but stopped because I was hungry and it was tasting pretty good despite being medium well instead of med-rare. It was only after I tasted my daughter's perfectly cooked med-rare venison burger that I realized I had missed the boat--I had already eaten half of my Kobe. 
I would recommend this place but be sure to demand the right temperature up front. I often time warn people that I will send it back if not to my specified temp, I should have this time. Barring this one infraction, this place was a great find.First I was excited to hear New Orleans was getting a gourmet burger bar, now I am disappointed. 
Walked in yesterday for lunch, was reading the menu board, then Deon said you can build a burger if you wish. I asked for a pencil or pen to check off the items I wanted to build my burger, Dean response was just tell me!
Next I was able to watch the Fry Guy, (black, with long dreads) eat French Frys right out of fry bind. Was very knowing he was eating fries  and not washing his hands. 
The girl who built the burger also was not wearing gloves, as she drank  soda and who else what else she was doing. Also every time she looked at up she gave me nasty looks. 
The only thing I can say the Sweet Potato Tots were great, but then again how many of my order was eaten before it got to plate....Very good burgers.  We have eaten here twice and we really like it.  The last time we went we got the crab cake as an appetizer and it was excellent!!  Happy hour prices are good too.the worst ever....salmon burger stunk and tasted fishy, the sweet potato tots 
were charcoal on the outside and mush on the inside....would never go there again, the service was also awful, and the area had dirty tables and my wine glass was dirty.  had to ask for utensils.I finally got around to trying Charcoals today. I'm glad I wasn't put off by some of the poor reviews.
We chose to dine upstairs and were seated right away. The service was friendly and attentive. 
The building is brand new and nicely decorated with a great atmosphere. I'm looking forward to going back and sitting outside on the large balcony. Way too hot for that today.
I opted to build my own burger choosing bison on a brioche bun with white cheddar, arugula, caramelized onions, pickles, praline bacon (wow) and spicy mayo. My boyfriend chose the signature Kobe burger and fries instead of chips. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. We ordered our burgers medium well but neither had any pink. No biggie because they were both so juicy and tender that it didn't matter. There are some great burger places in this city but I can honestly say this is my new favorite.I have been craving a burger, an all beef burger with American cheese and not shredded cheddar like so many places in this city. I ran into this place today... I've only been here once before and I have the same two complaints- the first is why only sweet pickles!?!???! And the second is the price! I got two basic cheese burgers, one order of onions rings and two soft drinks (never again will I order to go drinks from here) and it was 30 bucks. That's crazy expensive. I will say that my beef burger with ketchup, onion, red onion, and American cheese on a wheat bun was delicious. I was worried the onion rings would be those ones that fall out of the casing and I was wrong. They were also great. 
I don't live uptown and I can't see myself driving here for a 15 dollar burger but it's good to know that there is a decent one on this city.I've been wanting to try this place since it opened, and today (Monday!) when Stein's was closed my daughter and I were excited about trying Charcoal's to go. We both ordered turkey burgers (which I never order!) and they were delicious! Very flavorful and juicy, with a great combination of root-beer caramelized onions, avocado, sprouts, aoli, jalapeños and white cheddar. All ingredients were very flavorful, including the bun and especially the cheese - good and sharp. I really liked the mixed kettle chips. It may have been a tad on the expensive side but for the quality of ingredients it was worth it. Most decent burgers in the city are approaching these prices anyway. We will be back! I'll order the sweet potato tots after reading the reviews. Would recommend this place to anyone. Next time we'll check out the upstairs. Nice new building - so glad to see this wasn't a typical cheap warehouse - and appropriate for Magazine Street. Oh, and the guy at the counter was super friendly and accommodating. He actually seemed to be enthusiastic about his job. :) Thanks, Charcoal's - hang on!*Original Review*
Atmosphere was pretty cool. Food, however, not so much. I purchased the Salmon burger for just under $14. Needless to say I think that is a fair price for a fresh piece of delicious fish with additives like guacamole and an egg to compliment it. Unfortunately the patty felt like a frozen bulk item bought from Costco. It also took about 30 minutes to receive it on a Monday afternoon. There are far better burgers on the block. I might give it another chance for a regular piece of red meat.
*Second Review: to the owners*
First of all, thank you for the timely response. It means a lot when owners take pride in their work. I was basing my interpretation from some colleagues I was with at the time. They both had a regular red meat burger which they also had a similar consensus as I did. I can have them write their reviews as well. But since the establishment is near my office, I tried it again today. I had the bison burger and it was ok. Bun felt hard and the meat was more medium/well rather than medium-rare. I'll try a salad next time.My burger and fries were delicious, unfortunately what will keep me from coming back was the service.  One word- RUDE.  Every single person we met was extremely rude to the group I was with.
My friends burger was extremely undercooked and the waiter resolved the issue by throwing the same burger back on the grill and returning it to him...bite marks and all.  They didn't even change out the bun for a fresh one.  
Disappointed by, what could be, a regular stop for us.Stumbled upon this place because of Yelp. The burgers were astounding. Huge proportions so bring your appetite. The sweet potato tater tots are yummy try them out.Overall I like the burger here, but I'm giving a three star rating for several reasons:
1. The bun is too thick and too dense.  Please redesign/choose a new bun for your burgers.  Too much bread and really difficult to take a bite because it's too tall.
2. I've noticed that sometimes when I come here the beef is way under salted, leaving you with a rather bland experience.  Make sure you are properly seasoning the burger.
3. When the fries are on point, they are probably my favorite in the city. I wish they were on point every trip. I have to add that the last couple times they were perfect, so hopefully the consistency is getting better.
My main two words of advice is to season the meat properly and change the bun, and for me you guys would then enter the five star category, and then I might come and buy a burger, even outside of happy hour.Great burger! I got the classic Kobe and the onions / praline bacon were out of this world! It was after rock n roll marathon, so it was wonderful there was a casual part downstairs where we could place an order and sit to wait on our food. The tater tots were odd, and the fries I believe were old, but we did come in at an odd time. The guac was delicious! We did have a beer situation where I was without a beer for entirely too long (they ordered an Abita Strawberry from upstairs, but it never came??). At least 5 workers were in there doing busy work, we were the only table, so that was mildly aggravating. I would go again, tho.The food here is subpar if anything. I have given them two different tries and, both times tried different things. The food is over seasoned and just not enjoyable. The service is horrible. While,  the staff is nice it just takes forever to be waited on here.The massive, rusted shackles binding my wrist and ankles savagely chewed into my flesh like a starved carnivore as I was dragged by the King's guards through the inner cloister of the monastery; my limp, weakened frame incapable of standing upright on its own without the support of the guards' unrelenting grips just above my elbows.  Only minutes prior, I was violently awoken and forcibly removed from my 180 cm x 240 cm prison of crushed stones, moldy crevices and vermin-infested straw which I now called home.  My only company amongst the damp, ever resonating darkness were the bone piles of the cell's previous occupants.  I had recently been accused of heresy and apostasy, as well as obscene rituals and was to be brought immediately before King Philip IV of France and the Church for trial.  While lacking sufficient legal experience, I maintained a strong faith in logical reasoning, which I prayed may be the only weapon I required with which to defend myself before the court.  The great doors of the refectory sailed open before me at the simple wave of the guards' hands and suddenly, I was thrown to the cold, rugged floor at the feet of the King and Pope Clement.
"Ah yes, it thrills me ever so that I've finally got a seat this close to you.  I want to be where I can see the yellow of your eyes", said King Philip.
"I'm not currently in possession of yellow eyes", I replied.  "These charges against me are as much a farce as this trial!"
"Silence, beast!  You'll speak only when you're told!" cried one of the King's guards, drawing my head back by my hair as he lay his worn, blood spattered blade against my throat.
In a two finger motion, the King waved off the aggressive advances of the guard.  "So, Sir Paul of the Warehouse District", began the King.  "Explain to me and this court where you were on the evening of February 15th.  I wish to hear every detail so that we all may bear witness to the errors of your ways."
"Your majesty" I explained, "it's as I've stated before and my story shan't be altered.  On the eve of February 15th, my ship's crew and I witnessed a light like that of a wax candle dancing on the horizon though with a body so small, we could not affirm it to be land.  I called to my First Officer and bid he look that way, which he indeed did and saw it."
"...And you described this most mystifying light to your crew, as well as within your personal log, as resembling the Jewish Menorah?" the King sternly enquired.
"I did, your Excellency...", I replied puzzlingly.
Shrieks and gasps ruptured the silence throughout the magnificent dining hall; four monks gathered near the threshold to the Infirmary nearly lost their composure before the Abbot rushed to their aid.  "Blashphemy!" cried the Arch Bishop.  "'Tis the work of false Gods and malevolent magic, m 'Lord!  Add sorcery to the list of charges against him!"
"Would you be so kind as to allow this man to finish his thought, sir?" asked Pope Clement.  "Please, continue on."
"According to our map, we had sailed upon the seas of Magazine" I began again.  "With small boats and provisions, we set out to investigate the strange light upon the island we dubbed Jackson.  Just off the sandy shore, we came upon a jovial tavern which housed several brightly lit lanterns, which I believe was the source of the inexplicable light which my crew and I witnessed at sea.  As we ventured inside this most cryptic tavern, a female of alluring beauty rushed to our side and offered placement on the establishment's second floor where every variety of beer, mead, godale and other intoxicating beverages flowed like the Rhine river."
"Never have I heard such a tale of villainy and perversion!" shouted the Arch Bishop.  "A tavern of wenches wielding the Devil's arcane witchcraft and yet again, you fell victim!?  Just forty-five moons ago, you were seen in Rochester Castle consorting with women and drinking heavily at the keep's tavern, 'The Complacent Mammary'!  What say you?!"
"The Holy scripture states that he who is without sin may cast the first stone" I replied.  "While I do not deny those charges, I believe one must know evil before he can condemn it.  Further, this new establishment my crew and I discovered was not a tavern but rather typical of an Inn that goes by the name of 'Charcoal'.  The Inn's butcher prepares potent meats for seafaring and battle weary men in the form of what they call "burgers".  These "burgers" are produced of only the finest quality meats, such as beef, venison, kobe, elk, turkey, bison, and of course, antelope.  These meat patties are then topped with the local monastery's freshest vegetables, cheeses and condiments; all of which are situated beneath a crisp, buttery bread bun of your choice.  If this court deems me guilty and my existence extinguished, with my last words I say this: I am not wicked to love such flavors as the Gorgonzola Piccante or the Aged Goat.  Only God knows who is wrong and who has sinned!"3 stars because the food is actually very good.
Portion size is a bit awkward at times with burgers depending on what kind of meat you get. 
And this place is very expensive in my eyes for what you get. I went first for dinner and I think I dropped close to $25 a person for a beer and a burger. This is fine if you don't mind that price tag but for me it was a lot for what we received. 
Now their happy hour... this is where it's at! You can get a solid burger and chips with great local beer for a VERY good price. I have not gone during any other time since.
Staff has always been great as well - I am in the industry and I give them a thumbs up on service and overall attitude!I really like this place. I'm a burger fanatic so I'm always down for one. Love the buns and all the burger options. I'm pretty basic with my choices but I may get adventurous on another trip. My burger was cooked perfectly, well-seasoned and juicy! Toppings were all fresh which is HUGE with me and the fries were yummy! 
I'm a fan! Great service too. The staff was very attentive and asked how everything was a few minutes after we started eating (we were downstairs in the casual/quick/take-out section), even got our tea refills for us. Granted it wasn't very crowded, but we appreciated the service.their prices are a joke for what they're serving. the food wasn't terrible but it cost almost $50 to eat here for two people. never againHad their house special which was Venison.  Meat was good but the toppings were So so.   Paid $4 for five onion rings.  Good but will try happy hour next visit to save some bucksThe reviews don't do this place justice. 5 stars for a delicious happy hour burger, excellent ambiance and deck, and $3 happy hour drafts!  The service I had was great and I think they have worked out whatever kinks they had in the beginning. It is most definitely not a 3 star restaurant and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great happy hour meal.I got the shrimp burger and it was fresh but just ok. The ingredients are all really good but it just didn't wow me. And for that, it was way way too expensive. $20 for a shrimp burger and a shake. I'd much rather go to Milk Bar for a sandwich and shake or the Company Burger for a delicious burger, both which are much much less expensive. Too many better places at lower costs--I won't be coming back here.Little to no seasonings. Wheat buns taste like cardboard.  Out of the two burgers we had, both were tasteless.Maybe this is going to sound mean, but I don't care: The South is not ready for a place like Charcoals. 
Places like this are everywhere in California. If this place was by my house, I would eat there every week. $20 for a burger with chips is not outrageous. I got a bison burger with 2 kinds of cheese, 2 kinds of bacon & basil & that's what it came to. Yeah, it took a little while to come out. That's what happens when food is cooked to order. I did not mind the wait. Our food was delicious. I have absolutely zero complaints. Neither did the rest of our party. I only wish this place was not 1800 miles from my home.We're in town visiting for Christmas and my mom just had to take us here. Her and my stepdad have been here a few times and absolutely love it. The burgers are delicious. Not sure they're worth $18 a piece (I got the kobe beef), but it's pretty good. The bacon was still kind of rubbery and they gave my mom regular bacon instead of praline bacon (they weren't too busy at the time either). We wanted the stuffed jalapenos as an app, but unfortunately they were out so we settled for the piggy back shrimp and the shrimp dip. Again, the bacon was rubbery. The shrimp dip was okay. I wasn't too impressed with the slap ya momma fries either. The quality of the fries were ehh. This place is all about the burgers and that's really it. The view is nice and they have a balcony you can sit outside on and dine.Neat look and creative menu..but took 45 minutes to be served, after waiting for beverages for 10. They weren't crowded. ..i think just unorganized? Once the food arrived it was good ( we had cobb salad) and nice portion size. Dressing on the side was small little plastic cup..kind of funny with such a good sized salad.
All in all i would go back if i was not in a hurry to be anywhere afterwards.Charcoal's burgers are pretty good along with their sweet potato tots. I usually like to create my own burger when I go. Unfortunately, it's not the best burger in the city especially for the price. It has potential though. I would probably recommend it to someone who's in that neighborhood and wanted a burger.We ate at Charcoal at 2PM on a Monday.  I ordered a Kobe burger, medium rare.  I received a well done slightly warm burger. It was awful.  I didn't send it back, but I won't be returning.  How is this place open if they can't cook an $18 burger medium rare, or even get an over done  burger to the table before it is cold?Strictly OK - for the price, there is much better food. We were the first people in, and ordered burgers and one onion ring upgrade, plus sodas - $40. Burgers took a while, and were both well done when we asked for medium, had mayo when we asked for without, and we're strictly OK. Onion rings were good and crispy.Great place within walking distance of the garden district. They have unique meats and serve the salads in dog bowls which is cute with the theme. Speciality drinks are high priced, so try and come during happy hour. They also have shakes, both with ancho and no alcohol which is a nice twist.Came here this morning for the first time in about two years. After reading all the negativity online we mostly opted for other mag restaurants, but frankly most of what I'm reading on Yelp is really whiney and unfounded(complaining that you can't have a promotion that you don't deserve...okay!?). Anyway the burgers and service were very good, the sweet potato balls and boudin balls were amazing, price not bad at all, total experience definitely 5 stars. Definitely coming back more often from now onThis place doesn't know what it wants to be. The service is poor and the food is only so-so. The fries are bad, and the burgers are ok, but too complicated. Please focus on having a few great burgers and sides!We just ordered a 13 person office lunch to go from charcoal and everything was so great I had to post a review. There is an upstairs for table dining and downstairs for counter service. Tyler was so awesome and labeled every box and even wrote happy birthday on mine :) we ordered everything, Cobb salad, charcoal salad, Kobe burger, shrimp burger, antelope burger, house beef, crab cakes, everything was just as  we ordered, modifications and all. Not one complaint from an office full of picky women is almost unheard of but charcoal was perfect. Would definitely recommend! Oh, and the bloody Mary's were also delicious ;)Two words...praline bacon. Yes, it exists and it's even more delicious than imaginable.  The great service and lovely balcony seating only added to the great experience.  We'll be back and bringing friends!BLUF:  Not worth it.
Cool atmosphere.  Cool menu.  Average burgers.  
I went to the quick bar area and not the full resteraunt.  it was easy and quick (place was empty).  very awesome looking menu.  i went all out and got the kobe burger.  it had candied bacon, onions and cheese but was still for the most part flavorless.  All for the remarkable low low price of $18 or your first born son!  Definitely not worth it.  Kobe beef is a waste of a burger. 
However, i did get the sweet potato tots and they were out of this world.  absolutely amazing.
They do have a good happy hour.  $5 house burger (normal burger) and $3 beers.  Their beers are standard and common place in nola but i would prob enjoy just getting one of their simple burgers but only if i had to pay $5.  
Overall this place is not worth the price.  Plenty of better burgers in nola.  Making something extravegant that was supposed to be simple can kill it.  This place did thatSo I came in today after seeing an ad in Gambit Weekly. What drew me in was the different types of meats; buffalo,venison, etc.
 I ordered a buffalo burger,came with chips and I ordered a drink(free refills). It all cost $19 plus tip. 
The burger was really good. It came with a nice serving of bacon plus cheese. Wasn't crazy over the bread but wasn't bad. It was nicely dressed and plated. The chips were colorful, in three tones. Unfortunately, the chips were also stale. Didn't make a fuss about it but did take notice.  
I also notice that I was the only person dining on a game night whereas all the other restaurants down the street were jam packed. 
The staff was friendly and professional. The place was impeccably clean.
I do see myself coming back to try the rest of the menu. But that's just me.
This is New Orleans and I am a native. 
I felt like this place was a little touristy. For a few bucks less I can find a better tasting burger not too far from here. Maybe not venison or buffalo but only "out-of-towners" or little Tulane kids would find those prices reasonable. 
The other thing I noticed was that "slap yo Mama" hot sauce.... Really? Might as well put a big white, lipped black caricature on the label. How about a "buck" slapping a "mammy" with some "pickaninnies" eating watermelon. No one from Louisiana eats that. I've given that product line a fair chance in my kitchen despite it's hideous name. You should reconsider adding other hot sauces to your repertoire.  But I guess the Hardeveld signs were indicative of corporate wanting to "fit in". Like we say in Gert town, "if you don't know you best ax sumbody!"
I just wanted weird meat! (work with DAT)
;)The food was flavorful, I'll give it that. However, I don't feel that it was "$20 for a burger and fries" good. On top of that, I feel that the portions were very small for the price paid. Overall, I feel safe saying that I could have gotten the same thing in a larger portion for a lower price elsewhere.Very disappointed in the burger. The bun was too big - burger too small and over cooked. Fries were soggy. On a positive note I did enjoy the boudin balls. Most likely, I will not return.Burgers have been consistently "OK" for a while,now.
I just had one.
Shakes very good.
Avoid onion rings; way too much greasy "breading".
The upstairs / downstairs deal is still confusing !
RickMy wife and I have been staying the week in the French Quarter and while shopping along Magazine St. we were happy to see a gourmet burger joint. We were seated right away and ordered a plate of cheese fries as an appetizer. They were very tasty. Some ranch sauce to dip them in would have been good, but not necessary. We decided to share a bison burger as we figured the fries + burger + side would be more than enough. We were correct. The bison burger we ordered medium, it was very juicy and flavorful. My wife didn't care for it as much as I did. As a side we got the sweet potato tots, which were excellent. All-in-all, we had plenty to eat before continuing our shopping.I didn't eat a burger! My review is based on the new breakfast/brunch menu. 
We were on our way to get donuts but I saw a banner advertising breakfast from 7:00-11:00 AM so we decided to give this place a try. We walked in about 10:45 and were promptly greeted. There's dine in and counter service downstairs or you can go upstairs for table service. We ate downstairs. My wife ordered the boudin biscuit and I had the crab cake Nola. The boudin was very good and I'd say it was some of the best we've had in the city. However we both were disappointed with how dry the biscuit was. The boudin is served sandwiched between the plain biscuit and doesn't come with any sauce. Some maple syrup would've probably did the trick though. The crab cake was phenomenal and I would order it again without hesitation. The prices are a little steep considering the portion sizes are small. Overall I had a good experience and would be open to coming back during there happy hour to try one of their burgers.The first time I came to this place I loved it. I came with my mom and we tried all sorts of different things on the menu (shrimp burger, sweet potato tator tots, Kobe burger, health nut salad, guacamole) oddly enough, our favorites were the salad and the guacamole. Since then we've returned many times with friends and coworkers. 
However, the reason I nor my friends will never return is because of the take out order experience from last night.  I was prepared to spend $73 for salads with only three shrimp on each, and wait ten minutes longer than I was told I would.  Until they tried to punish me for wanting my order the way I asked for it.  Both cashier and manager ( I assume ) seemed annoyed that I asked them to correct their mistake , asking me to just take it how it was, or repeatedly, rudely telling me it would take another twenty minutes! When because of their attitudes, and after waiting another few minutes I saw my salads remaining untouched, I kindly requested a refund, I was met with more aggravation.  The manager stormed around the corner again, ran the refund and threw the receipt on the counter without even looking at me.
  While I did enjoy some things on the menu, I will never spend money somewhere that is so disrespectful to paying customers.I've gotta be the contrarian on this one.  It wasn't perfect, but I'm a fan.
It gets expensive.  $20 a burger expensive, but if you're living the expense account lifestyle, it's great.  It's large, and very well done.  The service was awesome.
There are a million burger joints in Nola.  This one sticks out with Bison, Ostrich, Elk, Venison and Salmon burgers.  How cool is that?  For me it's cool enough to spend the extra $ on for the experience.  I probably wouldn't grab lunch there every day.
How was the food?  The burger was good.  The brioche bun, however, was painfully dry.  I don't need an excuse to add mayo.  The fries, on the other hand, were perfection.  They were hot and tasted fresh cut. I could not stop eating them.  
This place is perfect if you're looking for a fun dining experience, or have people in town who don't want fine dining, but are a bit squeamish about divier sand which shops.Decided to dip into the Irish Channel. I am a frequent flyer of the Black Pearl. Actually, let me back up, I visited during lunch break and they were out of Turkey meat. You get a pass, because you're new. I decided to give them another shot and I am glad I did. 
Sat at the bar, and here's my dialogue.
Me: Can I  see your drink menu Mr. Bartender? 
Bartender: Sure, what's your flavor?
Me: Gucci
Bartender: I have he perfect drink. It's called Gucci. The drink was named that. 
LOL! My experience didn't quite go like this! Just a little word play.  To sum it all up, the Gucci did not disappoint and I did not spend an arm and leg for it. 
For my main course, I ordered a Gourmet Turkey Burger. Made it real simple, gimmie the Turkey Burger that has already been designed by you  Charcoalians! It was So round, so fully packed! A double entendre. I know!! Love the charcoal taste in my burger. The sweet potato tots were really yumcrazy too. 
Would I go back? Yes indeed!The turkey burger and sweet potato tots were delicious! I ordered a chocolate banana shake as well, but barely made a dent in it because the food was so filling and yummy. Our server was very friendly, but I was surprised to see that he was the only one working at dinner time. He served us well and was prompt, but watching him run around serving about ten tables at a time was very stressful! Hire some more staff please!Wrong order, TWICE, but with a smile? 
I've been wanting to try Charcoal's for a while now as it is right down the street from my house.  I don't eat burgers often but needed one desperately after a ridiculous night of drinking, so I decided to give them a shot, despite the average reviews on Yelp.
I will admit my order might have been a little bit annoying.  I ordered the House Burger @ medium temp (house bun, mayo, mustard, pickles, white onion, iceberg, tomato, yellow cheddar) but substituted caramelized onions for white onions, and put the m&m on the side.  I figured it's best to try the classic burger first.  The girl taking orders told me it would be 30 minutes.  That's a little longer than I expected for a burger at 2 pm, but fine, I know this is a gourmet burger bar.
I take the burger home and open up the cute little box that it comes in, only to discover my burger did not have mayo, mustard, pickles, iceberg, tomato, or cheddar cheese! NOOOOOOOOO MY HANGOVER WANTS TO CRY!!! I decided to call and just let them know that my order was missing most of its ingredients. The girl was super nice and offered to make another one, and have it be ready in 15 minutes. There was some sort of mix up with the build your own burger menu. Being hungover and not having anything better to do with my life in the next couple of hours, I took a bite of the burger and decided to go back and get what I ordered. Though it was practically naked, the temperature was perfect and the burger itself was nice and juicy.
I arrive for the second time at Charcoal, 15 minutes later, and my food was not ready.  In fact, a few minutes went by and finally one of the employees confronted me and acknowledged that I was coming back for what I had ordered, and THEN put the order in on the fly.  Now, I do want to reiterate that everyone there was super nice and all smiles, but it's a little ridiculous that the redo order did not get put in before I got back to the place!  Not sure whose fault that is but clearly some communication issues between the employees need to be worked out. 
I then received my burger 10 minutes later and took it home, opened up the cute little box that is comes in and took a bite, only to discover that it was soaked in mayo and mustard, and not cooked to medium temperature. :(  In fact, it was rare to medium rare.  That my friends, is quite the fail. If an order is done on the fly, it can really only go as fast as the burger will cook, and cooking it to the right temperature is very important as it changes the whole texture and taste of the burger. I was too apathetic at that point to call back again.
I actually decided to eat the original burger instead since it was cooked correctly.  I added some goat cheese from my fridge and it was delicious!  However, that was definitely not the point of ordering food from a restaurant.  
I do think that I will give them another chance in the future since they have interesting burgers such as elk and salmon, and some good looking salads.  I suspect the food will be pretty good and hopefully the service will be up to par by then.  Now it's time for me to go pass out.So finally stopped in to try this place. BIG MISTAKE!! I entered at 3pm today, clearly during the posted happy hour time of 3-6pm m-f. Upon ordering I was not given the happy hour prices for my food nor beer. Needles to say I was the only person downstairs and one table upstairs. So there was no excuse y my med+ burger should have taken over 25mins. As a chef and restaurant manager I personally know the time limit for one burger is less than 25 mins. I was never up-sold on fries or a side and for 15$ u should get fries or at least have them offered. Didn't want to wait another 25 for fries so I just ate the burger. The burger was supposed to b med+ but it was extremely well done and charred! There wasn't a drop of season on the burger not even s&p, so it tasted like shoe leather. The young man on the line clearly had very little to no exp in a kitchen or on a grill!!! One of the cashiers friends came in as I was leaving and the first thing the cashier said is we have happy hour going on now, after I asked and came specifically for happy hour,WTF!?
The place is nice and clean but I will not return nor recommend it to anyone, I should have read the reviews firstI'm revising my stars from 5 to 2.
The elk burger was tasteless. The shrimp cheese dip tasted like water, no flavor at 
all. The shrimp were obviously frozen from a bag without seasoning, then blended with tasteless, season less cheese.
 Iffy iced tea from old tannic acid remaining in the teamaker.  Ok fries. 
Great front of house staff. BORING tastesless food.
Condiments and spices should be on the table.
The chef requires an intervention.
*****************************************
Great selection, elk, bison, venison, kobe, turkey, etc.
High quality, fresh food.
Very good guacamole. Homemade chips, some were greasy.
Good service. Great balcony overlooking Magazine Street.
Good beer selection. Burgers cooked exactly as requested. 
A very nice place.
I'll be back.Delicious! I had the turkey burger during the coolinary event, and it was perfection. Incredibly juicy! I had the chili cheese fries appetizer, and the burger was served with homemade chips. It is a lot of food for 15 bucks; I had to get a to go box. Definitely worth checking out. My friend had the elk burger, and raved about it as well.It seems like every time I order an exotic burger, they're out of that meat. You want fries instead of potato chips? That'll cost you. I f***ing hate this place. If you're in the market for a $16 cheeseburger, Houston's has a better wine list.
The $5 house burger at happy hour is almost worth five dollars, though.Service was great!  Food was good.  We sat outside on their patio and had a good time.  I would recommend to friends.I've been to a couple gourmet burger joints like Hopdoddy's and Trulucks, but this place blows them away. I stop in here every time I come to New Orleans. The menu changes with seasonality, so there is always something new to try. 
I really enjoyed the venison burger and the Kobe burgers. But the one I like the best was the homemade veggie burger. It was delicious. I washed it down with a Mardi Gras Kingcake shake. Unreal. This place is legit.Came here with my fiance' after riding by several times and always saying "Ooh, I wanna try this place." We sat outside overlooking Magazine. It was nice and not too hot. I had the Elk burger and he had the Bison Burger. The Elk was good. It was a lot gamier than regular ground beef and more rustic tasting. I also had the Watermelon Caprinha but they were out of watermelon so it was made with strawberries. It was light and crisp which I liked. My fiance had the jalapeno margarita. He took it down in not time. 
Overall the place is nice and different for the area. The wait staff do seem a little unprepared and clueless. I did notice this from reading other reviews as well. The prices are a bit steep for burgers but I guess you are paying for the gourmet part. I would go again.Second time I've come here, which says a lot about a place in a city with so many options. First time, I got the antelope burger. This time, I'm going for the bison. I hope it's as good as the antelope.We have a 2 year old so a place like this is amazing for us. Good food, cocktails and an upstairs balcony!Stick to the burgers.... We came for breakfast and wished we would have skipped it. It was a lot of food, but very bland. I had "egg in da hole" my eggs were over hard rather than over medium as described.... I mean the point of egg in the hole is to sop up the yolk with the bread.... Also the side of grits covered the entire plate and were cold. The bacon was good as was the house made bread. My husband got the "piggin out" omelet, again a lot of food, but the meat and eggs were cooked separately so it was a slab of eggs folded over some meat... Bland..... We have eaten burgers here before and they are delish, but we will not be back for breakfastWe passed this place a couple of times and my friend wanted to give it a try. It sounded great. And it was. The food is very fresh and served in creative combinations (like the Kobe burger). My friend opted for the chef-recommended shrimp burger and I built my own veggie burger. We both got Slap Ya Mama fries and loved them. 
My friend was in love with the shrimp burger and I was pretty satisfied with my veggie burger.  Until I found a hair in it. I told the waitress and she kindly took it off the bill. These things happen.  Made me a little unhappy,  but I didn't dwell on it. 
Also, I had the jalapeño margarita and that was yummy.  I hoped for it to be a little spicier but it was good nonetheless.
Ultimately,  it's a nice place with yummy food and solid service. I happened to have an unpleasant little oddity occur but, like I said, it happens. You get gourmet food for a gourmet price.No salt or pepper on the burger really bland very disappointed 1 person working upstairs for dine in service. This person was the hostess, waitress bartender etc very sad. No salt and pepper n table had to wait for the only person 20 mins before getting the salt. None of the tables had salt and pepper, that's odd when you don't season your burgers.I LOVE this place!! First of all, the service and staff are all wonderful. I got a turkey burger when I came here and was thoroughly impressed with the juicy, flavorful meat. It definitely lived up to the hype! I also consider myself somewhat of a tater tot snob (after being slave to 13 on Frenchmen's tater tot heaven) and the sweet potato tater tots were SO good. It was the perfect amount of food as well. 
I can't wait to go back and try the different meats on the menu. I really like that this place is adventurous in its menu choices, and it definitely will satisfy anyone's palate, regardless of how refined it is!Just had another burger & shake at "Charcoal's" on Saturday.
Getting better slowly.  Definitely worth a visit now.
The standard mixed chips which come with burgers are better than fries or O-rings.
Will keep reporting.
RickThe Kobe Burger was great. The candied bacon really added a different dimension to the burger. My sweet potato tater tots were a little burnt. I would add another star if the price were a little better.The first thing I noticed walking into Charcoal's Gourmet Burger Bar is that the restaurant is separated into two parts: downstairs for counter pickup and upstairs for full service dining. 
The decor of the restaurant is very rustic and embodied what one would expect a burger bar to be (woods, metals and a huge bar). I would also envision it as the perfect place to watch a game but there really wasn't enough TVs and the one that they did have were oddly placed.
Our server was nice or at least she tried to be. Some of the other reviews I read about the restaurant had complaints about the service being extremely slow but I did not encounter that. After ordering, there was maybe a 20 minute wait for the food but it tasted fresh so commonsense in my mind is that does it takes some time to cook to food.
With various burger choices from veggie to elk to bison, my boyfriend (the safe eater) selected the House Burger made of beef. This is obviously not a unique choice but he still exclaimed that is was one of the best burgers he has had in a while.
He paired the burger with Onion Rings. I would never order onion rings but I liked these. The batter was light yet crunchy.
I wasn't very adventurous in my burger choice either but the sprouts, basil aioli, jalapenos, red onion, guacamole, Abita caramelized onions, and white cheddar cheese on the Turkey Burger sold me. Turkey can be dry and bland, but this was spicy, flavorful, juiciness!
I had my burger with Sweet Potato Tater Tots that were top two I have ever had. My boyfriend doesn't like sweet potatoes fries or anything of that nature and liked these a lot.
My boyfriend also got a Chocolate Milkshake and he liked it. It was the thick kind that you need two straws drink but not so thick you need a spoon and definitely not the gross watery kind.
I wanted my sweet finish too and ordered an Ice Cream Sandwich but it was a huge disappointment. The cookies were so hard that it took me sometime struggling with it before I could even get a bite. I was going to give up but finally I broke through. The cookies tasted stale and the ice cream was the icy kind that I do not like. I took about two bites and didn't finish the rest.
Besides the disappointment in the dessert, overall we were happy with the food. Seeing bison and elk burgers on the menu, I would come back and try something a little more adventurous and at the end of the day this is a burger bar and they make good burgers.The burger was good. Nothing super spectacular. However, the Slap Ya Mama fries were amazing!!! I absolutely live for a good fry. I live in the area and I have been eyeing this place for a while. To be honest I think i'm probably going to eat these fries every day until the new year when I go on my "diet" LOL. They were just that good. It makes me want to try the other options on the menu.Good burger. Expensive but you have lots of variety when you get the build your own burger. Parking is a little tight as you have to look around. There are extra dedicated parking spots across street parking lot next to that donut place.Fantastic place. Good food and service. 4 out of 5 because their menu doesn't allow customizing the burgers while keeping track of the price.I absolutely loved this place. The atmosphere was chill and friendly and the food is awesome. 
I sat outside on the balcony overlooking magazine st. 
Ordered the antelope which tasted delicious. I was concerned itbwouldnjust taste like a reular burger butbyoubciuld honestly taste the difference from your standard beef burger.  it came with chips that were an interesting medly of different kinds potatos, sweet potato, white potato, red potato, etc. 
Our server was very pleasant.Stopped in for breakfast. I chose a build your own omelet with regular potatoes , but you can get sweet potatoes or grits. My friend had the biscuits and gravy which was made New Orleans style with a little hot sauce.All was very good. The Menu for burgers looks very interesting and would love  to go back for lunch!The burgers were mediocre & the fries weren't very good. They seemed to be out of many of the things on the menu. Wouldn't recommend it.I ended up at this place because I was riding with a friend who came across it the day before and thought we should try it.  We should have suspected something was amiss when we were able to get a parking space in front of the location on Lundi Gras Day and thousands of visitors in town.  The novelty of this place is the availability of exotic meats used to prepare the burgers.  One really neat feature is the choice of complimentary iced tea or soda fountain drinks.  Upon entering this establishment, there is a menu board above and behind the cashier displaying standard offerings for each type of burger meat, or customers can customize burgers from a checklist of various toppings and options.  I should have gone with one of the standard burger offerings because it seems that customization causes extreme delays.  There are a slew of toppings and condiments to choose from on the checklist, however, the addition of various ingredients can get a bit pricey.  Because this was my first time at this restaurant, I failed to notice the wording near the top of the checklist which indicates that an order of  a Medley of Chips is provided with every burger and subsequently ordered something listed as Yo Mama French Fries.  Those fries cost the same $1.50 as the regular fries and tasted no differently from the regular fries.  I was able to create what I thought  Yo Mama French Fries should taste like by using the Yo Mama Hot Sauce that  was in bottles on the window counter where we were seated.   Also, the ratio of burger meat to the bun seems to fall short from the perspective of the small amount of burger meat.  In fact, two slices of Praline Bacon dominated the flavor of the burger.
The most glaring shortcoming was the exorbitant amount of waiting time, considering we were on a one hour lunch break and it took nearly the entire hour to have the burgers prepared.  The window seating facing the sidewalk provided an interesting view of the world outside going by, but after close to an hour and still no food, the view lost its charm.  In an effort to last long enough until we eventually received our burgers, I asked the cashier to give us an order of the Medley of Chips that are provided with each burger.
Despite the great ambiance, because of the jacked up pricing and the excruciating waiting time, I feel that it is very unlikely that I will be back.Just spent over $16 on a turkey burger and tater-tots. This restaurant is way too expensive and nothing actually tastes good. 
My burger bun was burnt, so I had to attempt to eat around it and with the pile of raw jalapenos and seeds (why so many?), that was pretty difficult. 
The burger itself was dry and burnt on one side (facing down, of course). It reminds me of a frisbee. 
The tater-tots are also burnt and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do with these things. They are like rocks and get stuck in your teeth.
I've said it before about this place, that I'm never going there again, and now I'm really never going there again.I arrived looking forward  to trying one of the exotic burgers (venison), they also offer antelope, buffalo, and kobe beef. I selected the sweet potatoe tatter tots as a side along with a milk shake which was offerred to us for $3 as part of a happy hour special they were offering. The portions were generous however the
Burger itself was overcooked amd very dry. Ordinarily I would attribute this to the the leaness of the venison. However my friend's burger was equally as dry and the tater tots were over done as well. The milkshake I had was amazing and the staff was very friendly. Considering the competative burger market in Nola, this one is going towards the bottom of the list.If your into cold burgers, left over pieces of fries, poorly poured draft beer and waiting over 45 mins to receive these things than this is the place for you!  Get a real burger, just go to company burger.  Actually you can  simply get a better burger at mc Donald's.  At least it'll be hot.Glad I didn't listen to the negative reviews. Yes it is expensive, and a little slow. But my Kobe/Akaushi burger was awesome, cooked medium rare as I asked, with yellow cheddar and bacon on a brioche bun. The fries were golden brown and crunchy. No real complaints, and atmosphere is bright and cheerful.I finally tried Charcoal's with some friends. 
I'll start by saying the entry way is slightly uncomfortable.   We're lead upstairs into a mouse maze, with high tables that are so close you have to zig and zag while squeezing past other tables on a  1/2 full night. I found the atmosphere somewhat bleak, what is suppose to be modern, comes across spartanly. 
My party starts with a round of drinks, Irish Channel Stout for me, Cote du Rhone for lady friend and Nola Blonde for buddy.  
As we peruse the menu, we notice only 1 other table (a 6 top) in eye sight, yet they sat us towards the corner of the restaurant. You would think they would keep us closer to ease their access to our table. 
We finally get around to ordering our meals, 
I order the much ballyhooed $15 bison burger on brioche with an aged goat cheese, spinach, tomato, boar's bacon, and spicy mayo. I added jalapeno which cost me $.25 but shouldn't have. They gave me the chips (didn't ask for), and I also ordered the sweet potato tater tots. Mid-rare. 
Lady friend ordered, regular burger $11ish on lettuce (gluten allergy) with aged cheddar, lettuce, tomato, regular bacon, and caramelized onions. She ordered the regular fries with her meal. Didn't ask her how she wanted it. 
Buddy ordered, $18 Kobe burger on regular bun with no cheese, and I forget how he dressed it. Mid rare 
The food arrived fast enough, roughly 15 minutes, it all looks good upon initial inspection. The tater tots I ordered, mentioned coming with several sauces, it arrived with none, so I asked the waiter for sauce. He asked what kind I wanted,  he suggested some garlic aioli that I added crystal sauce for a nice bite.  Tasty
I uncovered my burger for a quick look, it fell victim to one of my greatest pet peeves. Terrible bun to burger ratio, I must have had 4-5 bites with no meat. The burgers were not very big for the big price tag, if you arrive very hungry, order a side. The cheese was pretty good but added very little in terms of taste, it was more to moisten the burger. IMHO. The boar's bacon amounted to a few sprinkles, no full strips and barely detectible in any bite. The spinach, tomato and spicy mayo were well proportioned and to my liking adding nice flavor to the burger. Now to the beef: as stated, I ordered the bison burger medium rare, it arrived somewhere between medium well and well done. I would have been well within my rights to return the burger, but it was nearly 10 pm and I was tired. There were bites that were inedible due to extreme dryness, and eventually gave up. The chips were fine, and the tater tots were very good. The tot's had a very nice crispy exterior and the inside was sweet, shredded and very delicious. The garlic aioli with a little crystal is a nice pairing. 
My lady friends burger looked good considering it was between lettuce leaves. She said it was cooked to her liking and appeared quite juicy. The caramelized onions were left on the side of the plate and after she tried them remained there. I believe she said they were too sweet, that was her only complaint. 
My buddy the burger Maven enjoyed his burger and fries as usual. He did mention that he was unable to detect much flavor difference between his Kobe and the regular burger he ordered on his previous trip. 
After eating, we waited about an extra 15 minutes to get the bill and finally leave. That was aggravating but inconsequential after eating the food. 
I would say, they're staff could use help with how to operate. Our waiter wasn't rude but was somewhat disinterested in our experience. We were looking to be shown the ropes, asking his opinions and he dropped the ball. Good service would have gone a long way to hasten my return. Never once were we asked what we thought about the food or any aspect of the place. 
The food, I once had a friend who couldn't cook a hamburger correctly.... He works in the movie industry, not a kitchen. Overcooking a burger is The Cardinal Sin!!! This can't be allowed to happen if you are interested in staying in business. If a new place makes mistakes, I understand, but if the waiter picks up my plate with 14 of a burger left. You have to ask what I thought; you can't let people leave your restaurant believing you can't produce a properly cooked hamburger. 
Truly, I'm not a lover of hamburgers, and for a $30 meal I will choose other options. That said, I will return to Charcoal's at some point, it's close to my house and deserves another chance. You should go with tempered expectations, and a big burger budget.I still don't understand what peoples knock on this place is! We come here every year when we are in town and have never once been disappointed. The crab stuffed jalapeno poppers are crispy and never greasy, the sweet potato tots have a crisp good bite but a soft yummy interior again never greasy. Tonight we came for happy hour and enjoyed 2 of the house beef burgers. Both came cooked as ordered, were juicy and delicious. Each of the ingredients can stand on their own, but meld great into the perfect bite. Great job Charcoals!- Excellent classic burger, juicy and flavorful and elegantly presented
- Elk, antelope, and bison slider combo was a hit
- Accommodated our group of 20 graciously with a couple of hours' notice
- Caesar salad dressing was very bland. Do not recommend.Burgers are fine but not at these prices. They are particularly small like those small slider ones. I doubt I will come back at these prices. My burger also took over 45 minutes to make when the place had around 15 people or less. Pass on this place unless price drops and times improve.Place was great! Had the buffalo burger, and it was amazing. The meat melts in your mouth. Would definitely eat it again. The only thing is, why is it SO EXPENSIVE?!? If it was just $3 or $4 dollar less would have definitely gave it a 5 star, but it was $20 overall with tax. Staff was friendly and good.Strange experience.  From the opener where you walk is a stairway leading to the upstairs dining room.  Underneath the stairs was stored all sorts produce (lettuce, potatoes, onions) all sitting out next to where customers walk by.  After ordering, I decided to wash my hands in the men's room and the toilet was overflowing with shit.  A steady flow of young men including workers went in and nothing was done about the overflow.  I guess that explains the abundance of flies in the dining room as well.  Also I thought it was odd that several employees felt free to help themselves to the soda fountain again and again.  The burger was not bad, although I only stayed to eat because I was very hungry and too tired to go anywhere else.  By the time I got home the inevitable stomach ache reared it's ugly head.  The burger's are not good enough to overcome the other failings.  Never again.  A very shady joint.This place is delicious! I've heard people compare it to Company Burger... but they are so not TRYING to be Company Burger! It's apples to oranges, and I'd choose Charcoal over it any day. Way more options, more generous portions... and less grease (it's a good thing). This place has its own vibe going on, and it's great. The turkey burger and shrimp burger are both heavenly, and their regular old beef number holds up, too. And the chips... think you want your burger with fries? Not here, my friends. Try the salads for the enormously generous sizes that don't skimp on the good stuff like beets, blue cheese, nuts, etc. Additionally, their roasted vegetable appetizer is delicious and a thoughtful addition to the menu. Good cocktails and outdoor balcony dining upstairs.Honestly, I was pretty nervous about trying this place out because of the low star rating. However, I took a chance today since I was out shopping and starving!  It was great!  The burger and fries and food were really good. Atmosphere is fun and inviting. I sat downstairs where it is counter service and people watched through the big windows. My only small gripe is that it is a little pricey. I had a standard burger and fries and a draft beer and the total was $18. I did like it enough to go back but of you're on a budget, you may want to try elsewhere.Should have listened to the other reviewers and persuaded my friend to eat somewhere else, this place is pretty average. Ordered the buffalo burger, my friends ordered venison and antelope respectively. Two of those were supposed to be well done and the other medium well. Took maybe 15 minutes but that was expected. Got the burger with the "slap ya mama" fries and was so ready to demolish that thing since I hadn't eaten all day. Unfortunately my burger was too pink in the middle, almost raw pink, the other burger that was supposed to be well done came out medium well also but it wasn't as pink as mine. The one friend who ordered hers medium well was the only one to get hers well done LOL. I don't eat raw meat (that rhymes tee-hee). It sucks to wait 15 minutes on a burger that isn't even cooked correctly. Thankfully though I told the waitress who suggested a re-fire. Tried the burger when I got home and it was good but not 15$ good. OOPS forgot to mention what the fries taste like....forgot all about them...ya know...since they're forgettable. 
Ordered some jalapeno poppers to go. Taste- bell pepper with a delicious crab filling. A serious let down when it comes to spicy jalapenos and "seasoned" fries.
Service was standard, prices too high to not include actual fries. Wouldn't come back and I'm basing that mostly on the 15 minute wait to get a burger that wasn't done right.Solid and tasty burger. Fried pickles, sweet potato tater tots and fried pickles were also great. Definitely a great place to go if you're wanting something besides seafood.Outstanding and unique menu options made for a wonderful experience overall. While it is a bit pricey, I would be hard pressed to find antelope, elk, and other different meat options for cheaper. Highly recommended if you're interested in a truly gourmet burger!This was single handedly the worst food experience I have had in New Orleans after two years of residency. For starters, the waiter was awkward and simply made the dining experience off putting. Before the first interaction was over, I wanted to leave. I ordered the Kobe burger, which sounds fantastic on paper, but was an absolute disappointment upon arrival. The meat was cooked beyond belief and was about enough food for a small child. The chips they serve with their burgers are a sorry excuse for a side and tasted like cardboard. The only thing they didn't screw up was the ice water. I would not recommend this restaurant to a homeless person. I'm pretty sure if I was offered the $18 Kobe burger or 18 dollar double cheeseburgers from Mickey D's, I would take the Ronald McDonald's every time.Really good burgers and the sweet potato tots were outstanding!!  But as a lot of folks say about this restaurant; the prices will make you not come back. $9 for a regular hamburger is hard to swallow (pun intended); add anything else, fries and drinks and you are into the $18 dollar range and there are plenty of places I can get lunch for less than that and be just as happy!  Love the food, hate the prices...Excellent Burger: Venison+ WhIte chedar + Basil Aioli.  
Onion rings were OK.
This in my opinion is the best burger in NOLA.Charcoal's was an all-around great experience. Counter service downstairs was just delightful, complete with a pretty cashier who was very pleasant and friendly. The manager knew what he was doing when he hired this young woman. Will definitely go back. Classic Burgers, classic people, great dining experience.This place rocks! The food was so good! Huge burger, everything was so fresh, and was delicious. My wife had a salmon salad that she did was the best salad she had ever had. Fresh handmade onion rings and sweet potato tots. Price for the food was very reasonable and the portions were great. Servers were super friendly and helpful. You have to try this place!This is a burger buff's dream restaurant. The choices are vast and delicious. This place has awesome salads (I recommend the Health Nut), a glorious selection of French fries and sides, and a medley of meats that will bring customers back to try out different variations of burgers.  
I had the Salmon Burger and fries on this visit. It's one of my favorites on the menu. The salmon is super juicy and the fried egg adds a nice flavor. 
This isn't a fast food joint, so expect to wait a little bit for your burger - even when it's not particularly busy. Totally worth the wait every time.We LOVE this place. Go here all the time and it NEVER disappoints! Great burgers, great specials, and also lovely drinks with a badass lady bartender, Sarah. Not to mention delivery through Nolafooddelivery.com!
 Currently attempting to try each burger but it's hard not to default to the delicious buffalo burger after a hard week. PLUS delicious sweet potato tots. SO YUM. I recommend to everyone!
I'm actually really surprised it doesn't have more stars. I have never had a bad experience here.Went for the first time with a friend (second time) there. Ordered the Piggy Back Shrimp which we enjoyed, very crisp bacon which was perfect. However, portion size is like fine dining, 4 to an order and $12 is a little steep.  We both decided to Build Our Own Burger option. I order the Akaushi-Kobe (medium rare) on Brioche Bun (loved the bun) with Aged Goat Cheese, Lettuce, Caramelized Onions which was delicious!!! My friend also ordered the Akaushi-Kobe (well done) with Cheddar Cheese, Caramelized Onions, which was also delicious. We also ordered one order of fries to split which are served in basket and enough to share. They are hand cut, fried and have sprinkle kosher salt on them. Yum!! I would definitely say I would rate the burger as one of top burgers I've have had in New Orleans. I will go back to try more. I would say though, if your in a rush or only have an hour lunch, you may want to order a head of time and pick up. We waited at least 45 mins between appetizer and getting our burgers. Also my burger temp came out medium well and not medium rare which wasn't a major deal but a little disappointed.