The 4-6 Happy Hour sign caught my attention and we had a two hour wait to meet friends for dinner at a restaurant down the street...so why not? We moseyed up to the bar and became engaged with the proprietor who was a real interesting guy. The restaurant was very clean and has a warm comfortable feel. It's all about ambience, right? Great cocktail menu-ordered a blackberry mojito and it was so flavorful with muddled mint. We ordered the vegetable roll and the spicy tuna. The food was absolutely fresh and was served with a creamy aoli sauce of some kind. It was good. Will definitely be back and will tell others about it. I'm looking forward to a full dinner there.Best sushi in Louisiana. No question. If you want the freshest sushi/sashimi and have it prepared by true pro's, go here! The owner is passionate about his place and it shows.  They will get you anything you want especially if you request to have the recommendations of the house, you will not be disappointed.
They have the freshest Uni you'll ever taste, they also  offer rare delicacies that nobody else in town has the guts to provide,  for what their discerning sushi lovers crave.. Just go here. Drinks are crafted well and they actually carry premium Japanese beers. Thank you for existing Chiba!
You can sit outside too:) and they're open super late!!!Excellent food, great service, overall great experience. Steamed buns are a must and ask if there are any specials. We had the Hawaiian sashimi special and the fish literally melted in your mouth. Highly recommend.They don't do delivery anymore, although it extensively covers delivery options and area on the official website. Come on.The worst sushi in nola. Stay away. Serving spoiled fish horrible food. The owner is annoying and seems like hes lying  about everything. The employees lack talent and the food is overpriced garbage that i wouldnt serve to my worst enemy. If u love yourself then i recommend going anywhere else but here.Terribly disappointing for the price. Never have I had a steamed bun look like a taco before.  The king crab had shell still in it, unfortunately. And the oh toro (fatty fat tuna) was a bad cut- almost inedible. Edamame, scallops and salmon was good, but that was about it. Also, my boyfriend ordered a drink which never appeared. Would not bother coming here unless you just feel like throwing away money.The roll with the caviar and apple slices were both very good.  However, I was a little surprised by the price of our bill - careful what you order, this place is a little more than just two dollar signs yelp.Besides the waterered down ice tea, the green salad is good, edamame is lovely and the fish is fresh. I am a Sake Cafe fan but this has impressed me. The California roll and spicy tuna roll was unique.UPDATE**
Been here 5x in the last 3 months. The first visit was great and then it just went downhill. On one occasion I was served eel that was not fresh and smelled rancid, which is unacceptable.
On another occasion the service was unbelievably awful. That being said, the manager at Chiba is a great guy who knows customer service like the back of his hand (ask for him to serve you when you go). 
Overall, the food is decent, but the prices are insane. Not worth it for the price, but a cool place to go for special occasions. I prefer Asuka or Sake Cafe!This is a hidden gem! My girlfriend and I were waiting for Jacques-imo so we dropped in for an appetizer or two. Best crunchy spicy salmon sushi I've tasted! Great selection of Japanese imports and met the owner to talk about the restaurant and its upbringing. Service was excellent and very relaxed and lounged. Great for a date!A new sushi restaurant in New Orleans? This I must try. So far I have not been impressed with the New Orleans sushi scene. Most sushi joints serve sushi rolls covered in various sauce, many deep fried, and really not healthy at all. So you can understand how excited I was to try out Chiba hoping that it would resemble more of what sushi should be about: fresh fish with no frills and gimmicks. This is a sushi spot for true sushi lovers. In fact I quickly learned that the restaurant prides itself on serving less common fish and no Americanized sushi rolls (which means no crispy/fried sushi)! Great if you are looking for a healthier meal. 
Chiba is a beautiful modern, clean and roomy restaurant located on Oak street. I love everything on this vibrant and eclectic street, Chiba is a great new addition.
We ordered several sushi dishes and loved each one. The perfect amount of rice on each roll (not too much) and fresh fish. Delicious! Being from Vancouver its hard to rate this as the best sushi I've ever had but I can easily say that it is the best sushi I have ever had...in New Orleans.The lemon grass hot and spicy soup was so incredibly spicy I couldn't eat it. We also had the sashimi entrée which was beautiful and delicious. We also get the Mardi Gras roll which was delicious. I know it sounds like a lot of food, but don't be fooled, they are typically very small but delicious plates. Very friendly staff. Complementary bottled water during boil water advisory.5 stars because hey are different than the run of the mill sushi and the the have a good sake selection.  Great and fresh.  Had Tuna Tartare, Suzuki Sashimi, Seared Albacore, Scallop hand roll, and seaweed salad.  Best of all was the sashimi with sea salt, cracked pepper and truffle oil.  Going back for the Thursday specials when they get the Uni, Live Scallops and such. 
Anyone that has seen my reviews know I'm a sushi guy.  20+ years of Sushi bar hopping in several countries.  This is a good place. Among the best of the 10 + places I've been in the New Orleans area.I had a weird morning. I woke up from a sushi dream (seriously) to the news that my beloved Nozawa was closing it's doors today. The sushi by which I shall forevermore judge all other sushi would never be mine again. And here I am, 3000 miles away from Ventura Boulevard. So sad. And yet, the world keeps turning and before I got that sad news, I woke up with only one thought: "I want sushi." Enter Chiba (12 hours later)...
The space is large and pretty sexy. But so brand-spanking new that there's still a whiff of fresh varnish to the place. The staff is friendly and attentive. The food was...
Lemongrass Hot and Sour soup with Crawfish - a winner. Good flavor, good zing, bit light on crawfish though.
Squid Ceviche - the menu says Octopus ceviche, but they were out of octopus, so they offered to do this instead. Another winner.
Eel and cucumber roll, spicy tuna roll, salmon avocado roll, salmon skin roll, yellowtail jalapeno roll, saba sushi - standard to disappointing. The saba was the freshest but the prices for sushi/sashimi were slightly outrageous. The salmon skin roll came with eel sauce on it, which would have been good to know in advance. The spicy tuna had a fish scale in it. 
I'm not ruling out the possibility of a return visit at some point. They're new and working out kinks and you know the thing with raw fish is that you kinda need a steady demand to keep the supply fresh. So maybe going in mid-week was just setting them up for failure. My strategy in the future (and my recommendation to you) is to go in with a focus on the drinks and cooked foods and just dip your toes into the sushi menu before committing.
I feel a little bad laying it down like this so early in a restaurant's run but I'm also a bit baffled by all the 5 star "best sushi I've ever had in New Orleans" reviews. I've had way better sushi in New Orleans. Hell, I've even had better sushi on Oak Street.Food poisoning. Just spent the entire day at the hospital with my husband. They had to flush his system and put him on meds. Place serves spoiled food.Best sushi in town! After dining at Chiba several times, this place continues to exceed my expectations. Their specials are so unique and delicious. Even if you're not a fan of sushi, they have other yummy cooked food. The oyster steamed buns are perfect little appetizers. Some people complain about the price but you get what you pay for. You can taste the freshness in their fish. I love the sashimi tiradito! It's a must if you go.Thoroughly enjoyed the Wednesday all-night happy hour! Went with a group of 8 people. They were able to take a reservation and had our table ready and waiting when we arrived. 
There was a great variety of items to choose from on the happy hour menu and we all left very full and content! 
The restaurant is larger than I thought it would be and has many tables. It also has a great atmosphere and would be good for a date night. Definitely will return when I have a sushi craving!Eh, Chiba was just okay. I was expecting more based on previous reviews.
I had planned on going to Chiba for a very long time, and for some reason my schedule always conflicted.  Finally, as I was looking for a place to get some japanese food, mainly I wanted Ramen (after dinner/late night snack)...  I came upon Chiba as a late night spot because the place I wanted to go to was absolutely packed. It was friday night, and Chiba was dead empty save for 2 other tables.  We were seated quickly, and there were two servers/host(ess) on the floor. I think there was a bit of confusion as both of them within a few minutes or seconds of each other would constantly come to our table to ask if we were ready to order or if our food was okay.... And then there would be long periods where I would be trying to flag one down.
My partner and I initially ordered the edamame, special Audoban Roll,  and 2 steamed pork belly buns.  Subsequently we ordered 2 steamed duck buns, a shrimp tempura roll, and the blueberry tempura bread pudding. That's not necessarily a good thing. The Audoban Roll was disappointing, although it was a good idea.  The roll just fell apart too easily, it was impossible to eat it whole in one bite.  The rice was also lukewarm and tasted a bit old, the cucumber was a bit soggy, and the eel was... bland.   On the other hand, the steamed bun was much better, although the pork was a bit undercooked, based on the toughness/chewiness of the fat on the pork belly, which normally should just melt in your mouth.
I felt really dissatisfied and continued to order our next set of dishes to test them out. The duck steamed bun was good.  The shrimp tempura roll... again disappointing, lukewarm rice that was a bit too wet. I had come to the conclusion that they were using old rice from much earlier that night for their rolls.  I also noticed this time around that the rice was long grain and not the typical short, so that was probably why the rolls were falling apart so easily. I found this very strange, maybe they ran out?
Onto the blueberry tempura bread pudding.  Yum, good idea, although the actual bread pudding part was a bit harder than the usual soft gooeyness that you get from a bread pudding.  The outside was crisper, being fried, hence tempura.  This was good, the only part that could have done better, is that when they served it to us, the vanilla ice cream could have been formed more, or in other words, not already more than halfway melted on our plates.
Will I be coming back?  Maybe.... Maybe it was an off day.  I'll probably come back at happy hour to taste things under full-price lest I be disappointed again.A friend and I visited Chiba early in the evening to take advantage of their amazing happy hour deals!
This was our first visit.
Decor:  A
I was really impressed with the decor.  It's clean and stylish without being too loud and overbearing.  
Service:  A+
We sat at the bar and the owner, Keith, waited on us.  I enjoyed hearing about how he fell in love with the city and moved here from New Jersey to open this amazing sushi restaurant!  The service was attentive, without being overly so.  Since it was our first visit, Keith surprised us with a free dessert, which was amazing.
Food:  A
Everything that we ordered was fresh and absolutely delicious.  Since the happy hour prices were so amazing, we ordered several different things...edamama, mushroom gyoza, pork belly bun, eel roll, crunchy salmon roll and the strawberry satsuma roll.  Everything was delicious.  If I had to give a slight to anything, it would be that there wasn't much beat in the pork belly bun.  It was find for $3, but I would've had issue with it at the regular price of $6.  
Value:  A+ during happy hour - C for regular prices
All of the happy hour prices are amazing and it really gave us a chance to try a lot of different items.  The strawberry satsuma roll was the only thing that we ordered that wasn't on the happy hour menu.  While it was delicious, I found it to be much too small for the $15.50 price tag.  I checked out the regular menu and found all of the prices to be on the high side.
Conclusion:  I'd definitely go back to Chiba because of all of the pluses, but I'll likely just stick to happy hour or maybe just make it a very occasional splurge during non happy hour times.I really enjoyed dinner at Chiba. I almost always order hot and sour soup when it's on the menu, and their version containing crawfish was one of the best versions I've had. The seaweed salad was pretty mildly spiced, but that's nothing a little siracha couldn't fix. The rolls were also pretty great. We got simple rolls and they were exceptionally well done. Service was helpful and friendly. Great ambiance, as well.Chiba has some of the best sushi I've ever had! The atmosphere was comfy yet sheek. Margaret was our server and she was awesome! The manager Casey came over to our table and made sure that everything was satisfactory. He even gave us a complimentary desert! We will definitely be going back!Had the sashimi plate and it was a masterpiece of art and epicurean delight - ichiban.I love Chiba usually my favorite. I went last night and was a little disappointed in the size of the special rolls again. I noticed that last time I went a few months ago. I was told by the server at the time it was a new chef. They were a little better but still small and uneven. I noticed for the first time the rainbow roll had a shrimp on one, that was disappointing, no one else does that please put all fish not shrimp sushi or a crab stick. Overall very helpful and friendly server, always the freshest sushi! Love the happy hour! I will be back :)Went on a double date with our friends one night for happy hour hour. Tasty drinks and delicious Japanese food. Had Salmon Teriyaki and my husband had snow crab rolls and we both enjoyed our meal. Parking can be difficult during happy hour but it's totally worth it.Sushi rolls are small but still the same price as other sushi places. I do appreciate the creativity in the rolls. Really great happy hour.Absolutely delicious find, on our culinary tour through New Orleans! The steamed buns with duck and the spring rolls are a must. The item that made this dining  destination a unique experience for me was the  Coconut Mojito!The only thing I liked about Chiba was the atmosphere and presentation of the food. The sushi was mediocre but the quality of fish was high. I asked for sushi with brown rice and it came with white rice. The sushi order came before my appetizer of a soup. (The hot and sour soup was delicious). Also, when the cabbage side dish came it had no mushrooms which is described with mushrooms on the menu. Our waitress was kind enough to take this off our tab. Overall, the service was shoddy. (Our waitress was most likely overwhelmed, as she was bartending as well. She asked us if we wanted anything else when we had not received all of our food and I had to ask a couple of times for the cabbage side dish). This place is so full of glitches, overpriced, and horrible service. The sign is alluring as is the architecture/modern nyc feel, but that's the beginning and end of it.Sometimes I feel bad because I only seem to end up at Chiba during happy hour and rarely pay full price for anything there.  In my defense, though, it is a pretty impressive happy hour.  Beautiful $3 edamame, $3 sake, special dishes which are only served then (I get hungry every time I think about the miso grouper bun), some cheap and delicious basic rolls.  My only warning is that the vegetable tempura comes with shrimp unless you specify otherwise - really wish they would change that.
I understand the not-so-great reviews.  I, too, have been surprised by the bill a time or two when ordering sashimi off the regular menu, and underwhelmed by the size of the ~$15 special rolls.  I was also among those who rushed to try the place in the first week or two and experienced the imperfect opening.  But Chiba isn't trying to be another hole in the wall New Orleans sushi joint with huge mayonnaise-filled rolls, and I fully support their desire to break away.  The owners have a New York restaurant background and clearly know genuinely good sushi.  The quality of the fish is suberb, ambiance is elegant without feeling uncomfortably formal, at least one of the owners will check on you every time you sit down and be calling you by name after a few visits.  Go to Chiba when you want high quality sushi that is beautifully presented, not when you are starving for a plate heaped with fried food which just happens to be rolled in rice.Ok, I think I discovered the secret of Chiba: sit at the sushi bar and let the sushi chef create something special for you.
I stopped in here with a friend during their late night "happy hour" (funk and roll hour) and we sat at the sushi bar. First of all, their happy hour specials are pretty fantastic. They have a good selection of rolls for $3 as well as a nice assortment of discounted drinks. We decided to let the sushi chef work his magic and make us something amazing.
Nick was our sushi chef and he was super nice and friendly. We kind of just let him "do his thing". First he whipped up a roll with some kind of smoked fish and rice with a sauce on it. It was delicious. Then we decided on the short rib and sauteed duck steamed bun. I didn't have the short rib, but the duck was amazing and I'm not even a person who really likes duck!
Finally the chef made us another special roll that was a typical sushi roll, only instead of fish there was tender meat in it (beef) and it was topped with ginger flakes. I really should have had enough presence on mind to ask for a name, but I honestly just think that he was having fun and experimenting. It was fine with us, because it was fantastic!
I will definitely return for "funk and roll" hour. It's a really neat concept and makes for a more personal experience.Such a disappointment. The sashimi is not fresh at all. Fish roe had such a fishy taste (in a bad way) I could still taste it in my mouth after a couple hours. The environment and food presentation is not authentic either. Never seen a Japanese restaurant use a glass tea cup, or charge for the tea...Interesting place. It's not really a traditional sushi restaurant.  But more of an Asian restaurant that also sells sushi.  Very important items to note it has INARI which is really hard to comeby in NOLA and I love it.  It also has a vegetarian sushi or sashimi plate which is again rare. 
We had the specialty strawberry something roll and while I was hesitant, it was delicious. Another standout was the dessert tempura blueberry something. So tasty
The specialty cocktail menu was interesting and they had a good selection of high end sakes.
The service is still uneven but it's a new restaurant. I did feel the staff was trying...just confused.I loved Chiba! We started out with the edamame, gyoza pork, and steak yakitor. I had the crispy salmon, it was DELICIOUS. Perfectly cooked (medium) and accompanied with sautéed spinach and white rice. We finished with the blueberry bred pudding which is to die for. Not to mention the 3 dollar Cabernet glasses. Out server Brenda was quirky but friendly and efficient. I hope to become a regular at Chiba. LOVED IT.I will never eat at this restaurant ever again in my life. I went with a friend twice, the first time was an ok experience. I had the sweet n sour soup for the first time and it was actually good. The owner who's name escapes me, came and checked on our "two top" table and asked my opinion of the sweet n sour soup. I responded, "It was great!" The owner gave me his business card, and reassured me that the service was as exceptional as their food. 
As of last week, my (same) friend of mine decided to go back to Chiba. Only this time, we were more enthusiastic about returning bc of the initial great experience we received the first time, and it was a week from HELL and we simply wanted to enjoy a nice relaxing dinner, and receive the same exceptional service we did the first time. 
We started with a bottle of Sake with no intention at acknowledging the prices carefully, although we managed to order a $95 bottle. Okay, the meal came, they forgot one of the rolls we ordered, and in one of them the Avocado was mushy. We later get the bill, and it was $161!!!! GEES I KNOW RIGHT? It was that damn Sake! (OUR FAULT)
We pay the check via credit card, and within seconds once ran, my bank sent an alert that my card was charged $193!!!!!! I asked for the manager, who was RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL, AND ARGUMENTATIVE!
Lets not forget UNCONCERNED! She stated there was a 20% Gratuity which was not applied the time we ate there before, keep in mind that our first visit, with the same two people, was not charged the 20% gratuity. So why now this time? The so called "MANAGER" forced us to basically tip by 20% when in fact my friend still left $10 cash for the server. She blamed it all on my banking institution and insisted that all tables were charged a 20% gratuity! WRONG LADY, IM NOT AN IDIOT!!!
MANAGEMENT TRIED TO ROB ME OF MY MONEY, WHEN MY BUSINESS THERE THAT NIGHT WAS SIMPLY FEASIBLE ENOUGH! HOW DARE THEY WITHHOLD MY FUNDS BECAUSE THEY WANTED MORE MONEY! 
I WORK FOR A MAJOR HOTEL CHAIN HERE IN FRENCH QUARTER AND I WILL NEVER CONTINUE TO RECOMMEND ANY OF MY GUEST TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT, NEVER! IT AS A TOTAL DISREGARD OF PERSONAL FINANCES. I WILL CONTINUE TO SPREAD THE WORD AROUND TOWN OF SUCH HORRIBLE EXPERIENCES. 
IF YOU DON'T WANT BAD SERVICE , OR SIMPLY BE ROBBED OF YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY, DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR BUSINESS!Basically I wanted to go to the restaurant next door, but the were booked with over a two hour wait. I was not waiting that long so we came here instead. I never heard of this restaurant before so I had no expectations. Not expecting anything, I was not disappointed, but I was not dazzled. It was all-right.Crawfish rice was so,so. No taste. Miso soup was the same. The satsuma strawberry roll was decent decent, would not order it again. The eskimo popper roll was great, its a must try. Outdoor seating is cool, your right on the sidewalk. In a Friday night there was hardly any people walking by. This is a pretty cool spot, we'll be back.This was our second trip to Chiba and again, it was fantastic.  We brought the kids with us this time.  I find the atmosphere lively enough to where we were comfortable having htem at the table (5 and 3 yrs).  The food was fantastic and the drinks were outstanding.  Keith suggested some very nice saki and we loved it.  I commend the owners for making the investment in new orleans and creating what I think is a real gem on oak street.  A great bar, nice music in the background, and upscale atmosphere.  Reminds me of Cure on Frerret a little (with respect to the look)... Good luck! We will be back...
Paul...It's worth going for the sushi happy hour. The food is generally on the expensive side, but it's definitely high quality. I love this place, but unfortunately the negative comments about service are deserved. Service aside, the sushi here is better than most places in NOLA.I was pretty disappointed with this place.
I started with a pork belly and a duck steamed sticky bun slider. The buns didn't seem fresh, the pork belly did not taste or feel like pork belly. It was more like something they pulled out of the freezer and threw in the microwave. The duck was covered in an overly sweet sauce.
A friend said his crawfish fried rice was underwhelming.
The rice on all of our rolls was crappy. I don't think they used the traditional sushi rice, and the rolls were falling apart. My roll came with thin slices of lemon(without rind) on top which completely overwhelmed all of the other flavors and did not belong there, so I had to pick it off of my already crumbling roll.
There are much better places in the neighborhood, and if you must have sushi, go elsewhere.Walked in at 10:30 and ordered a drink. The bartender told me he doesn't appreciate drunk people coming into his bar and directed that statement towards me. (I had come from my night class at school) For his information I had not one drink until I walked into his bar. I ordered four sushi rolls to go and the bartender was so rude I did not want to eat. He had no personality and no cares to give. It was my first time and certainly my last. For being only one of a handful of restaurants on oak, you would think he would be more considerate. This place sucks! NEVER GO! Furthermore, the sushi was terrible and something I could expect from a gas station or low end grocery store. Not even the soy sauce was fresh it came in packets. At 18$ a roll you think it would be more classy. Terrible terrible terrible!Now I understand why this place has a lot of empty seats. Kind of expensive and overpriced.  The portion for the unagi don is pretty good size; however the eel does not bake long enough to make it bit crispy, and the middle part is still a bit cold. One good thing is the eel they serve are in huge size. Excellent service I will say. Sashimi wise, their fish is once again not cold enough, but their cut is really professional. Meaning i don't eat tendons in between.
My recommendation is so-so, no big surprises.Pretty decent happy hour.  The seaweed cucumber salad is light and refreshing.  We especially like the crawfish fried rice, it has a nice egg-y coating.  We tried some of the other little appetizers: pork gyoza, shrimp yakitori and pork belly and short rib steam buns.  The spare rib bun was definitely the best.  The sushi didn't blow our socks off, but does the trick when u just need a little sushi fix.  Plus, it's awesomely cheap!It's fine.  The food is good, maybe a bit pricey for the quality, which I think is similar to most places of this type in New Orleans.  Reminds me of Little Tokyo but less fun and with more 'serious' folks running the place and serving, which gives it a somewhat sad aspirational vibe.  Smug bro at the sushi counter did the place no favors.  I'd take my parents here because it's like grabbing sushi in the suburbs.  Easy, derivative, and no line.Keith took care of us and he was a delight. The sushi was delicious. We had a few starters too, including the mushroom gyoza, crawfish fried rice and seaweed salad--all stuff I'd order again in a heartbeat. Loved this place!Excellent meal there last night.  Dined with a friend and started off with a few hot sake's and ordered a roll, steamed bun, and crawfish fried rice, all were excellent!  The décor and vibe in the place are just right.   We had a few questions about filtered vs unfiltered cold sake and a gentleman named Keith let us try a variety of them and now we will be cold sake sippers for life, we will definitely be back soon!A friend of mine had heard about the Sushi Happy hour. We were so pleasantly surprised at the selection and quality of the rolls!! The Octopus Cerviche and the Crunchy Salmon rolls are probably 2 of my favorite things. I hate to single out just 2 of the rolls cause EVERYTHING is so yummy!!
The last time we were there, I was introduced to Oyster Sake Shooters. Totally rocked my world. I am in LOVE!! 
The atmosphere is very sleek. The sushi Chef, Guermo, so very nice and excellent at his craft. We really always look forward to coming here for both the food and the staff!!Awesome meal! Had the jazz roll, black widow roll and the ahi seaweed salad special-phenomenal meal. Do not miss the Pontchatrain Punch for 4, it's really does pack a punch! The pan roasted mussels were a hit at our table, I just don't care for them. Overall, the meal was presented well, the value was excellent and we will definitely return!They thankfully removed the delivery information from their website; however, their Yelp entry still maintains they deliver - but they don't.Place is nice, but my waitress (whitney/britney?) sucks. The service she gave us was nonexistent after we received our food. We found her talking nonstop with another table of customers. We have to flag down other servers to get our water refills and other stuff. Food is ok, again place is beautifully decorated, but avoid that waitress. I would definitely come back again, but would not recommend that server.Great place to go for some good appetizers and a drink. Really great happy hour specials. We had fried bread pudding! So yummy and so different! Located on oak street, so it's convenient to go here for happy hour and then head down the street for some good jazz at the maple leaf!Chiba is a bit off the beaten path, but worth the trip. Admittedly, I'm more of a FQ/CBDWarehouse District diner and don't often venture to Oak Street, but in this case, I'm glad I did. 
Chiba won't leave you disappointed, hungry or broke. The lunch specials are HUGE and very reasonably priced. The service was beyond compare and the vibe, hip & trendy. Everyone we encountered was super accommodating. Their focus on service, freshness & value gives me reason to not only highly recommend Chiba, but plan a return visit sometime soon.AMAZING!! Best Japanese place I've had since returning from living in Hawaii the last 4 years! Great service, great atmosphere and can't wait to go back!!Great atmosphere! Classy sushi and drinks. The waitress was really sweet and accommodating. 
I went during happy hour. I ordered the CALIFORNIA ROLL ($3), which was standard. I also got the EEL AVOCADO ROLL ($5), I like this one a lot--pretty good. I got small hot sake ($3). It was alright, not as strong as other sakes I've had.
I would definitely be back for happy hour, such a good deal!I come to this place very often. I have to consider it the best place in the area for roll and sake specials. Along with the great service, every time I come, the owners greet me warmly. 
It's a great spot to bring friends, coworkers, or to eat alone. You won't be disappointed.Just ate here for lunch. First time here, thought I would give it a go. There was not a dab of wasabi in sight. The rice tasted like just plain rice, not sushi rice. One of the worst sushi meals I have ever had and I have been eating sushi for 30 years. The waitress was civil, but unfortunately quite condescending. Very disappointed, there are better sushi places in town.My family and I went here for a nice lunch. We ordered the sushi rolls, and found that it was very overpriced for the size of the roll. The raw fish smelled and tasted like it was not fresh at all. After this meal we were all very bummed out about the quality of this sushi. Then we started experience some stomach pain and I assume that it was from the fish. I would not recommend going to this sushi place for so many reasons. Hope this helps.This restaurant was excellent in atmosphere, service, hospitality, and most importantly, incredible sushi. I am a California transplant living in the greater Nola area, and a regular traveler. I've grown up eating the freshest, authentic sushi. I'm also passionate about supporting local businesses. Since moving to the south, I have been on the hunt for great tasting sushi. After a few years, I found myself settling until now. As my husband and I were coming back from vacation, we found this highly recommended restaurant by fellow yelpers. The owner, Keith, was professional and very down to earth. The sushi tasted fresh and one of the best I've ever had. This place far exceeded my expectations and is my new fav spot.If you truly know sushi then you know what I mean when I say I worship sushi.  It's a quasi-religion.  I wish I could make it myself and eat it all day, but it's impossible to get true sashimi grade fish at the retail level in N.O.  Of course, that means I go out for sushi a LOT (more than I go to church, come to think of it).  I must've tried every single restaurant with "sushi" on the menu, but usually end up at Shogun or Kanno, or Kanno or Shogun...  So naturally I was excited to be asked by my folks to join them for Friday fish at this new place.  
The first impressions were very good, the interior is classy yet casual, the staff were all friendly and attentive despite it being surprisingly busy.  My mother always goes to "powder her nose" before spreading the napkin in an unfamiliar eatery, believing that the condition of a restaurant's bathroom equates to its kitchen's.  She's refused to eat in more than one "sushi" establishment after inspecting its bathroom, but she heartily approved here; them's some fine bathrooms.  I had a sake martini that was superb.  In fact, I could imagine coming back just for the drinks and ambiance.  We started with an octopus ceviche dish that was outstanding, truly an original in N.O.  The sushi/sashimi selection is possibly the finest in the city with delectables like ama ebi and otoro that are very rare (bit of a double entendre).  Clearly the owner cares about freshness and a higher-end product.  Even the wasabi was real.  We ordered a number of pieces of sushi and a few rolls, all artistically and appetizingly presented, all delicious.  I don't think we left a single grain of rice behind on the platters.  
After 30 years I think this may be our family's new go-to over Shogun for Japanese food, especially since Chiba has what looks like tasty hot menu options as well.  Is it Azabu in NYC or Urasawa in L.A.?  Flatly, no.  But this is New Orleans and Chiba absolutely is the best Japanese restaurant here.  You'd have to be one of those clueless sushi snobs or a mean-spirited dilettante not to appreciate this place and the direction it signifies for the complete dining-out experience in New Orleans.Overpriced and disgusting! My teriyaki chicken didn't taste like teriyaki at all! Our appetizer yakitori I had to go to the bathroom to spit out! My husbands fish was fishy and could smell it before it hit the table and had tons of bones in it! We didn't have any sushi so not sure if that is any good but everything else we got was a disappointment!Chiba has quickly become our goto Sushi Bar!  Great happy hour, freshest fish in the city and they are on Open Table.  The other night the scallops and hamachi were amazing!  Their rolls are some of the most creative in the city!  We arrived early with our kids (5,4,2) and that was ok but after 630 it would not bring my kids to Chiba.
Update:
So the menu has been spruced up in the most amazing ways!  Monday night is local fish night where the Chiba teams prepares a more local flavor to the sushi, Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday" with amazing tempura grouper, fabulous ceviches!  And Wednesday night is happy hour all night!  
This week in particular I would note the scallops were AMAZING!!!  We mixed a spicy scallop hand roll with avocado and yellow tail...oooh la la!!This is easily the best sushi place I've been to thus far in New Orleans, although you could accuse me of small sample bias (in this case, two). The lady had just come home from an MLK day weekend that had her in Shreveport chaperoning a student council retreat (better her than me), and was not in the mood to cook. We had walked by here and heard it was good during the oak street po-boy festival, and we decided that it was chiba's turn at the plate. The ambiance is not what you would expect from a sushi place, although I think that on-the-nose Asian decor can be a little cliche. The rolls are flavorful and tight, resisting disintegration when dipped in wasabi soy sauce. The wait staff is friendly, and what I found gratifying is that they have partnered with Son off a Saint, a charitable organization for fatherless boys in New Orleans, to offer specialty rolls, with a portion of the proceeds going to that charity. Basically, if you go to another sushi place, you're taking money out of a charity's pocket. It's totally your call though.The funk and roll happy hour special is awesome! I was pleasantly surprised by the variety. Unfortunately I didn't realize there was a happy hour coming up so we ordered some things full price. Their happy hour times change daily so be sure to check ;) The rolls were great, tasted fresh compared to other spots in NOLA I've tried sushi. I had the crunchy spicy salmon and spicy tuna rolls. We also tried the Gulf Coast Roll, which is a really good specialty roll without too much friend stuff like a lot of specialty rolls tend to have. This wasn't on special, but worth trying. Topped off with some green tea ice cream from the happy hour menu.Alden is the man! He made the best rolls (one of his own creation) and even took a request from us and put his own sweet spin on it! Go there for great sushi! Ask for the Cougar roll!For an upscale sushi restaurant this is one to try.  The food and atmosphere are great.  Very inventive menu along with the staplesI went to Chiba for the first time last night. My friend and I are both sushi lovers so we're always looking for new spots. The food was delicious and the sushi was super fresh :) but I was definitely blown away by the customer service. Our waitress was Lauren and she was AMAZING!!!! She made our first visit to Chiba one of the best experiences I've had here in NOLA. She was super attentive, informative, and overall her customer service was on a PRO level. We will definitely be back more often to visit Lauren.Ok these guys are the nicest most coolest best place to eats ever. they are soooooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooood i can't even believe the mouthttescular expieriantes when i partake upon the chiba goodness. My fave thing to do is to get basic junk always but my chick always gets radical sushi combos of a different variety and they are also always super righteous just like my regular basic sushi decisions. Great service. groovy owner. Sat outside on Oak street., felt the vibes, dug the scene. Very very very cool. I Come here all the time will be back for shores. Endorsement granted.
PS AMAZING DEALS, HAPPY HOUR WHOAChiba has the best sake selection of any New Orleans sushi restaurant. The owner is always around answering questions and suggesting new sakes. The atmosphere is great. Lots of seating and space yet it feels cozy and quaint. And did I mention they have THE BEST SAKE!Great date night spot! Once you get drinks and non-sushi entrees, the price does add up quickly! But, if you're willing to splurge, give Chiba a chance. Small-medium size and a decent crowd make it a trendy spot and perfect  for small groups and intimate dates. 
Next time, we will have to take advantage of their happy hour opportunities!
Overall: 4.0 / A -I've had Chiba a few times. Yesterday I ordered pickup. They said it would take 20-30 minutes. I arrived about 40 minutes after I had called and although there was only a few people inside (around 5 pm), they made me wait another 20 minutes for my food.  
However, this review isn't based off of the bad service. I gave two stars because I think Chiba is very overpriced for the amount of food they serve customers. I ordered two rolls, one audubon park roll and one st charles ave roll. Neither were very big but cost $15. The st charles ave roll was good (the other was pretty bland) but it was very overpriced. I would much rather eat elsewhere for Sushi.This was my first time going to Chiba and I was very excited to go try it since I am a HUGE sushi fan. The atmosphere of this place is nice and chill. I also came during the time of Happy Hour hoping to get the great deals!
We were greeted by our nice waitress and we ordered the Red Tuna Tataki, and Pork Gyoza as our appetizers. I like the tuna tataki however I found it pretty spicy! They put jalapeños in top of it but I thought it was still spicy without it. As for the pork gyoza, I didn't really like it since the pork wasn't whole pork meat like I usually have it - it was more like a mushy texture
We kept our orders on the happy hour menu and went with the Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll and Let the Good Times Roll. The spicy tuna roll was nothing special and I have eaten a lot better ones. The Good Times Roll was pretty good, but I really didn't like the shrimp tempura in it. The fried part of the shrimp was VERY soggy, so when I ate the roll, all I felt was mush - no different textures. 
Finally we got the Banana Foster Spring Rolls and I've got to say that it was delicious and I really liked it. The fried outside of the banana was crispy and cooked right. I will definitely get this again
I DO plan to come again to try new items but I will not be getting the two rolls that I already ordered again.The hot sake was delicious, amazing sushi and the blueberry tempura bread pudding was awesome!!First thing that we ordered was Satsuma Strawberry Roll, Gulf Coast Roll, and octopus ceviche. These were delicious! The rolls were very fresh, and the strawberry roll was definitely new for me
Yes, this place is pretty pricey, and I can definitely go to other cheaper sushi areas where they taste just as good for less the price. But I'm giving this place a four stars because they have some special rolls I haven't seen in other places, also their different types of ceviche! and their newer items on the menu, such as the taco items I need to try.
It's a good place to try if you want a "fancier" sushi place to eat. I also like how they have a regular happy hour and a "Reverse" happy hour which starts from 10-1am depending on certain days.As is all New Orlean's sushi, not good.  Tuna was not fresh, place smells like an abandoned fish market.It's great to see another new business open up on Oak Street.  Unfortunately there are still quite a few kinks to work out.  The service was great as both the hostess and waiter were well trained and friendly.  The quality of the sushi was decent but definitely not worth the price point.  Actually, the price point of $$ is wrong and should be more like $$$.  The price per piece of sushi/sashimi was quite ridiculous and the price for both standard and special rolls is way too high.  The rolls are very small and come with few pieces per order.  This is all in comparison to both other local sushi spots and top japanese restaurants in other major metropolitan cities like NYC and LA.  As for the design, overall the buildout is quite expected and doesn't really stimulate the eye on any level.  The exposed brick design is comforting but the art work was bland and lighting design felt like an afterthought.  For the price point the space should definitely be more polished and more forward thinking.  Now if the price point was lower, the design would make more sense.  Overall, Chiba appears to be half way there but still needs to up the game in terms of food quality in order to justify the price point.  Otherwise, slash prices and it will make more sense.Leaving Chiba right now, and I was going to write a review about how the Strawberry Satsuma roll with soy paper is my favorite roll of my whole life anywhere I've ever had sushi, and then I saw I already did that in my previous review.  Hmm, I must really believe it : )  Anyway, it's so good that it deserves repeating, so I'm not deleting this update....Christmas evening dinner was just EPIC at Chiba.  It started with our exceptional server, Hannah (blonde Hannah since their are two).  She was enthusiastic, on point on refills, excellent advice and recommendations, informing us of ways to enjoy their Happy Hour Wednesday's, friendly, and probably the best server I have ever had outside of places that have "teams" for each table (like Antoines or Commander's Palace, both of which would have been three times the cost).  
Now to the the artisan food that we consumed with a never ending smile this evening.  We started with the Tempura Short Ribs, one bite each and me and my girlfriend emitted savory "mmmmm's" and "dear lords" while enjoying the brown sugar soaked succulent meat topped with jalapeño and a sauce that was a perfect balance of sweet and salty.  Did I mention that the were tempura fried before being coated in sauce for that little crunch.  
I am weird and enjoy warm saki and Kirin while my girlfriend enjoyed several of the signature cocktails.  The brown sugar mojito was excellent and a very creative amalgam of flavors.  My warm saki was constantly full and my Kirin was replaced before I had my final sip every time, again Hannah (that's the blonde one for the record) for the win!
Our main course was three sushi rolls; the Black Widow, the Let the Good Times Roll, and a mainstay California Roll.  The Black Widow was the winner, chosen by my GF, with copious caviar and crunchy caviar and spinach to give the greatest texture mixture of the night.  My GF requested the Sirachi on the side and a side of eel sauce, with a little of both of these drizzled on top it was a close second to the short ribs for best bite of the evening.  The Good Times roll was above the norm with a great mix of flavors that didn't need any sauce.
We would recommend this location to anyone looking for a memorable fulfilling meal in the Uptown area.  Make a reservation if you can to make sure you don't have to wait long.  Have to say their staff takes pride in their restaurant and put the extra energy in to help get you seated as soon as possible.  The manager on duty, Hannah (redhead Hannah) was friendly and attentive to making sure all of the waiting and seating patrons were taken care of.This place was really disappointing, and I'm not really sure why it has a four star rating...My boyfriend and I went to Chiba for their happy hour- the menu seemed really great and the prices were awesome. Well, first of all, the prices were half off, but so were the portions, so it was kind of pointless. Then, the food wasn't really worth it at all. We got steak yakitori which was the best part of the meal, but only came with three tiny pieces of steak (not even mouthful size), shrimp tempura steamed buns, whose filling was really good but the buns were weird and unnecessary, pork gyoza, which were fine, and spicy crunchy salmon rolls. WORST sushi I have ever had. It was so so so so fishy tasting, sushi isn't supposed to taste fishy! The fish is supposed to be fresh enough that it doesn't have that gross fishy flavor! The rolls were tiny, like half the size of normal rolls, poorly wrapped, and just grossly fishy. Also, they don't provide soy sauce? What?? I really don't know why this place has such a good rating, unless all these people aren't eating the sushi and don't mind getting ripped off. Skip it, and go someplace with awesome sushi for a little bit more money (though with the larger portions and million times better taste, its a better value by far)- like Mikimoto or Ninja, both right down the street!Just hit up some Happy Hour deals at Chiba. We sat at the bar and were waited on by the owner, Keith. He is extremely friendly and knowledgable. The cocktails (I had the blackberry mojito, fresh and palette cleansing) were strong without compromising flavor and only $7. They had enough liquor in them to qualify as a double for the single shot price. We also treated ourselves to two $3 steamed buns: pork belly and short rib (a MUST try!!). The short rib was tender like a pot roast yet fried in a tempura batter with pickled veggies and a drizzle of eel sauce. We also had the fois gras ($7) steamed bun. It was without exaggeration the BEST flavor I have had in a long time. The bun consisted of a steamed bun (think light and sweet dough) split with a thin slice of juicy, crisp apple, the perfectly sautéed fois gras on top of tangled carmelized onions. They also have a reverse happy hour starting at midnight until 1am. This place is a MUST!! We stopped in because we wanted to kill some time while waiting for Jacque-Imo's to open. We are pleasantly surprised and plan on coming back after dinner to hit up the late night happy hour.Went to Chiba for the first time this week and it was great.  The sushi was fresh and delicious.  Nice wine list and very good waitress (Allison).  Several options for vegetarians and they will prepare the sushi rolls w brown rice!!  All of the fish was delicious. The sushi was the freshest and prettiest sushi we've had in Nola. Chiba is a great addition to Oak Street and would highly recommend.It's a nice, more upscale restaurant. The atmosphere is very nice & I like the layout a lot. The lights are a bit too dim though so the menu was a little hard to read & the live music sounded great but was VERY loud. My party had to literally yell at each other while the music was playing. The service was good & the sushi tasted great! Overall a positive experience & I would recommend to anyone craving sushi in the areaI think I have it mixed up; Chiba really is Japanese first, sushi & sashimi second.  You need the rolls, because the quality of the fish isn't as pristine as I'd like for naked fish. I'm not a big fan of multi-ingredient rolls, so it was a letdown for me. I did try one of the special appetizers - the yellowtail ceviche. The execution just didn't work; the only flavor was hot, and the diced fish were too difficult to pick up with the - blueberries - with chopsticks.
I'll go back sometime - the servers are gracious and fast, and those happy hours are extremely tempting.Hands downs the best sushi restaurant in New Orleans. I can't live without the Eskimo popper. And just when I thought they couldn't top themselves, they went and created a Sushi King Cake for Mardi Gras!
Props to Henry for this masterpiece and Casey for always being so cool. 
Will be bringing guests in for Mardi Gras.I created a yelp just to leave this review.. In a world where everything is half assed and people don't care. Last night the guy who works there with the short curly hair (I wish I remembered his name). I didn't like one of the rolls I ordered. No big deal but, this guy obviously took it personally. Not only took the plate off the check and offered a professional condolence. Also brought a desert to the table which was delicious. This place is great every time, this guy and all the staff are so passionate. So refreshing to receive a dining experience (any experience) where people go beyond to see that you're satisfied.The wednesday happy hour here rocks . Come here on a regular basis and enjoy the specials. The atmosphere is really modern and it's very clean. The service is really good too. I highly recommend the yakitoriCan't get any better quality of sushi!!  I've never tried cold sake until tonite and hands down, I will never look at hot again.  Huge selection of cold sake, the largest cold sake menu in Louisiana!!  Thanks Hannah for a great first time experience and thanks Keith for working so hard to provide such an amazing restaurant!!!  #1fanHorrible! I don't even know where I can start. The wait was 45 minutes - hour although we had reservations! Me and my date ordered crawfish rice and two other items. The crawfish rice was cold and was not well seasoned. Our food took 30 minutes and the excuse was "well it would have been longer if you ordered sushi". I won't be back! Don't waste your time or money!You don't normally think of sushi when you think about New Orleans cuisine but with Chiba in the picture you should. 
I live in la and I'm custom to the best sushi but sushi in la doesn't compare to chiba. Their fish is so fresh and they also make everything themselves from their rice to their sauces. 
Everything is exceptional, my family loves their lunch specials and happy hour is an amazing deal! My favorite is the tuna ceviche and anything tiradito, their Hawaiian tiradito is flown in everyday from Hawaii it's sashimi with white truffle oil and Himalayan salt...it's absolutely amazing and so is the Kobe beef tiradito.  My dad loves the crawfish fried rice and the pork belly steamed buns (which are both on the happy hour menu). My sister loves the salmon teriyaki which is only on the lunch menu, with the lunch menu you get a choice of salad or miso soup, California roll and shrimp tempura! My sister changes out the shrimp tempura for vegetable tempura and the California roll for a salmon or tuna roll because she's allergic to shellfish and it's never a problem. All of the sushi rolls are amazing, I really haven't had a bad anything at Chiba. It really is the best, and every one that works there is awesome!Beautiful place! Good rolls and nice service!I decided to give Chiba a try for the third time. The first time I sat at the bar and ordered just Sashimi and it was good. The second time I ordered various items which included 4 different rolls, miso soup and pork and mushroom buns. This time I was not impressed with the sushi but I also wasn't impressed with my date, so I didn't  know who truly was to blame for the bad meal. Fast forward 6 months and we come to my 3rd and final visit, which was tonight. First of all the service was bad but I'm not here to talk about service, it's all about the food. I ordered the sashimi combo with yellowtail, salmon and tuna. The sashimi was good but that was it. I ordered a special roll that was mediocre at best. The cucumber and seaweed salad started off too salty and finished too sweet. It's downing in a sea of dressing that just ruined the dish. Overall this place is a flop. Mediocre food and inflated prices. Way better choices would be Asuka on Earhart, Mikimoto on Carrollton or Rock n Sake on Fulton.Very impress. Food is amazing with prices just right. Very friendly atmosphere. I love it and would be back.I have been to this restaurant 3 times now in the last week and a half.  The food has been consistent and great each time and the staff is sweet and welcoming.  I highly recommend the Crawfish Gyoza, the Black & Gold Roll and the Don Q rum over ice with a lime.  Delish!  So glad they are in the neighborhood.Chiba is the best sushi in New Orleans! you know it's good when you always think about eating here. It's a breathe of fresh air and yummy drinks!This is one of those places that looks really cool and hip.  When you walk in, you feel like there should be cameras following you because you must be on some cool new reality tv show.  But honestly....that's where my excitement ended.  The seating is somewhat tight for a party of two and not all that cozy.  I can get passed that due to the general sensibility of the restaurant but the true kicker was that the food was just OK.
I had high hopes.  HIGH HOPES!  But I was pretty disappointed by our meal.  We ordered the tuna ceviche and short rib tempura as appetizers and both were pretty delicious.  They really got me excited about our specialty rolls cause I was thinking....gosh, they've got to be good now!  
For our rolls, we ordered the St. Charles and Let the Good Times Rolls.  The St. Charles roll was not very tasty and the Let the Good Times roll was not good...at all.  Keep in mind that sushi can be totally subjective and folks like what they like.  But if you're reading this and want my opinion....I'll pass.  If you don't want my opinion, stop reading! LOL! Or try it for yourself.  Needless to say, I doubt that Chiba will see me again.  So long, farewell, a-chiba say good night!Wait....they have half priced apps and rolls (specific ones, not all) and $3 for any beer 4-6 (weekdays)? I feel like I screwed myself over by going at dinner time. Early bird special happy hour all the way! I went and got drunk and full for less than $20. I should mention that I'm a bit of a lightweight. I still ordered the hot and sour soup at full price because it was that good.Great place to eat, drink and socialize. Keith is the man!!! You gotta get the crawfish fried rice. You won't be disappointed.Mediocre. Over Priced. The sushi was fishy. Did not taste fresh.Delicious sushi and great drinks. The Painkiller is delicious light fruity drink. All the sushi we ordered was fresh and so delicious. Unique rolls but all good! Definitely a must try for sushi in NOLA.Amazing yummie sushi! The fish was very fresh and creative! The owner was very friendly! Make sure to eat here if you're in the area!!!Went here with my wife for our anniversary.  It's The real deal.  Fresh and national caliber sushi menu, service and overall experience.  Give the pork belly buns and the Gulf Coast Roll a try - great stuff.  Go now and sit outside on Oak St before it gets too hot..Wow, the owner knows his sake. He gave us a quick lesson before we ordered, and he was really nice and polite. The happy hour was great! We must have ordered five different things for a very reasonable price. I'm a fan.Hands down, best sushi in New Orleans!  Take it from a person who's lived all over major cities in the US. They have fresh fish, and good rice for their sushi and that's what counts. The owner is super friendly, and the staff is friendly.  They only get fish from the best suppliers, local or non local...quality is what matters here. You get what you pay for...delicious quality sushi.The food here is good, and the sake selection is excellent. For food, I'd recommend the crawfish fried rice, sticky buns, and any of the standard rolls. They have a wonderful sake selection, with a good variety of both styles and prices. If you go on Thursdays, it's half-price bottle night which is great for tasting some of the higher grade sakes. The bartenders are very knowledgable about sake and are always friendly. Chiba also has great happy hour prices and times (including reverse happy hour).Chiba is a new, fresh, upscale sushi spot on Oak street which we checked out a couple weeks ago. The scene is decent inside but it still had an odor of fresh paint when we talked in. Katie makes a valid point that its swanky for NOLA. 
The edemame was good. The sushi was just ok though(we had the Mardis Gras and Black Gold roll), not bad but nothing spectacular either. The mixed drinks were good too and the Coconut Mojito was pretty delicious. 
I really appreciate what the owners of Chiba are trying to do and it adds variety to Oak street but the food was a little bit disappointing to me. They've started a happy hour so maybe I'll try to come back and check that out one day.I've only been here for happy hour, but oh how happy those hours were!  (hehe)
I wasn't expecting good Japanese-esque food on Oak Street.  Think Japanese, with a heavy gulf influence.  Not in a bad way.  The technique is Japanese (well, Americanized), but some of the ingredients are Gulf.
I tried a few of the genera-rolls and well, they were good for what they were: happy hour sushi rolls.  Tasty, done rather well, but boring.  
The stars of the HH menu, or as they call it the "funk and roll" menu, were the Bao!  They list them as Steamed Buns, but they're Bao.  I highly recommend the tempura crawfish (I know!  awesome) and the pork belly (I'm not a fan of meat fat, but it was good and had a nice crispy edge).  I wound up just taking a bite of the pork belly and eating the bao plain.  It was good and very fresh.  Given my choice, I would have been all over the Panko Oyster Bao, the Crawfish, and possibly the Miso Grouper Bao.
They also had gyoza (pot stickers).  Besides the standard pork, they also had mushroom and crawfish.
A few of my party waxed poetic about their coconut mojitos.  I opted for the healthier choice of iced tea.  When the bartender said they had green tea, iced, never in a million years would I have thought matcha green tea, iced.  It.was.fantastic.!
The service was wonderful, even to the HH partakers.  The food and drinks are pretty great for a little corner in New Orleans.
Now, after reading the dinner menu, I want to try the Oak Street Bouillabaise.  Lots of gulf seafood with bok choy (the menu says boy choy - ha!), mushrooms, and a miso shellfish broth.  Um...hell yes!Sushi is never a raw deal when Chef James makes it. Try his oyster shooter and Jet Li roll before you set in for the meal. Tiffany King has done it again. Get the whole story with my video blog.Attended their Grand Opening this weekend. I thought their chairs were very interesting but heavy very hard to move. I loved their sushi bar i think the owner said it was made from coconut palm. i loved the bathroom had black toilets thats a rarity in nola.
The steamed buns with different fillings like pork,oyster,shrimp and fish were very tasty.  The ahi poki was really good loved the large pieces of seawood with pickled onions which is uncommon for me. As far as sushi I thought the spicy crab rolls were simple but it worked. i dont normally eat raw fish but the chef convinced me to try yellowtail with spicy mayo and it was soo delicious it literally melted in my mouth.
The owner and staff are fantastic. Keith approach to the restaurant business is very appealing. One of his sushi chefs kept offering me seconds of everything i enjoyed i left beyond satiated
Cant wait to get back to try them during regular business hours.Everything is delicious here. Seriously. They have a lot of small plate oriented dishes, and if I had unlimited funds and time, I would just sit here and order all day- from sushi, to apps, to the dessert stuff. It's all incredible. It's not crazy pricey but also not cheap either. Their happy hour on Wed goes all day long and the prices on virtually all food/drink are reduced, so this is the best time to go. Good vibe, great friendly service.Let's just start by appreciating the fact that this place is open until 2AM! Hallelujah for the shrimp
Tempura bun and the sushi here is made fresh to order. I've tried the crawfish fried rice before and I enjoyed it. It's not really better than any rice I've tasted but it's a nice Option over a regular shrimp fried rice or chicken fried rice. The service is always friendly and they know their stuff. I've never had a bad experience here with food or cleanliness. For the bar lovers, there is a bar here; bars mean happy hour and drinks for everyone. It's best to come when on a date or for an intimate setting with family or friends.really disappointed in this place. The first time I came it was pretty good, good enough to come back with my boyfriend. We came on a Tuesday (maybe this is an "off" day for sushi places?) and the food was not fresh and not up to the standards I expected. A few of our dishes were palatable, but most weren't. Our $15 Audubon roll (with barely any sushi) had cucumber that smelled and tasted like it was a few days past old. It reeked. Overall just really disappointed in the quality of the food for the price we paid. Won't be back.Chiba is awesome.  Best sake selection in town!Chiba has quickly become our goto Sushi Bar!  Great happy hour, freshest fish in the city and they are on Open Table.  The other night the scallops and hamachi were amazing!  Their rolls are some of the most creative in the city!  We arrived early with our kids (5,4,2) and that was ok but after 630 it would not bring my kids to Chiba.Great food and atmosphere! Our waiter, Henry, went out of his way to give us outstanding service. Everyone was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about everything on the menu.It has a real cool vibe and the sushi is fresh and outstanding. I highly recommend it.Went to chiba for the first time. The very first thing I noticed was when I sat in a booth... The table was very low and it was uncomfortable. I was disappointed by the lack of ambiance and the set up of the floor. Service was good and quick and I enjoyed almost all of what I had. The steamed buns with grouper were almost like tacos. Very good, bready, and not steamed buns though. The tuna ceviche was delicious. I had a dish that was berries wrapped in salmon that was disappointing. All in all it was good but expensive and uncomfortable. I'll try again and not sit in a booth.Went here for lunch and loved everything I ordered. A cute place, a bit pricey but it is delicious.Amazing rolls, and I was turned on to coconut-infused Tyku sake by Keith and the nicest server ever, Heather. Please make sure that you try the tempura bread pudding!Consistently great sushi and they deliver too!! Great atmosphere and they'll substitute brown rice into any roll.This place has the freshest fish in the city! This is where me and my girlfriend go to treat ourselves after all the hours of studying. Really friendly staff going alone with awesome food is a 100 in my book! A definite must try if you've got the expenses for it.The restaurant has it's own parking, small but still there! The owner was working in the restaurant and stopped by to ask how things were, always a plus. The reason I gave 5 stars is because my sushi naive friend ordered a platter of sushi not realizing most of it was raw fish and when the owner realized that this is not what she had expected he graciously exchanged the dish for a less raw fish version! The strawberry roll and crawfish lemongrass soup was amazing! And yes, they do pack your doggie bag for you, it means a lot to me!!I am not normally picky about restaurants but this one left a particularly sour taste in my mouth. We were seated in a back corner, where we were then forgotten about for about 10 minutes with no water. Our waitress apologized profusely and said it had been a rough night, so we told her it was no big deal and moved on with ordering. At that point we just thought it was a little mix up and remained optimistic about the rest of the meal. Ordering, we started off with miso soup and asked for some hot sauce on the side to add to our soup. We received the soup, but not the sauce so we just assumed she thought we meant that we wanted sauce with our meal. However she forgot that we had even asked for hot sauce and ignored the request altogether. We then were served the special, the gulf shrimp tempura on absolutely disgusting plates. There were 8 pieces of miniature shrimp topped with some sort of hot sauce mayo concoction with half cooked cellophane noodles. We asked for new plates, and the waitress complied at her own leisure. Our main course of jazzy rolls were definitely good, but the lack of soy sauce that we asked for made it so that we ate half of our roll before the soy sauce was even an option. The waitress, understanding our distress without us even saying anything, took the tempura off of our bill which was a nice consolation, but did not change the outcome of the night. Bad service and food could've just been an anomaly, but I don't think so.Quite simply, I downloaded yelp app for this place and to share the secret. Incredible, fresh, inviting, fun, clean, delicious. Finally the number one sushi spot in Nola has surfaced. No doubt. Second time here and consistency has spoken. Great fish, great staff, great everything. 
We tried an app that had salmon tiradito from Tasmania. Unbelievable. Mind blowing. Enough said. St Charles Ave and Strawberry Satsuma rolls were incredible.  My buddy said was the best sushi he has ever had. 
Do it.We ended up here when my girlfriend said she needed sushi. It was  a Wednesday, which happens to be when they do their all night happy hour. Great call! Drinks were $3, most items on the menu were $3-5. I managed to get filled up for about $7.50. Definitely a cool atmosphere and it has its own mini parking lot. Check this place out on a Wednesday.By far the best sushi in NOLA. None of that snow crab BS. Place really reminds me of quality New York City sushi. Anybody who thinks differently is not a true sushi fanatic!! 
I love the happy hour menu. From 4-6 any day, and all day Wednesday, they offer a miniature menu that has spicy tuna rolls, eel avocado rolls and so on. Their spicy salmon crunch roll is unbelievable. I get this every time! They also offer a plethora of different sushi/sashimi (including otoro). Their eel/avocado sushi is soooo tasty. 
The sushi is of extremely good quality. The freshest I've had in NOLA by a long shot. 
Wish I was going back today, but I just had it two days in a row!
UPDATE**: ordered delivery from here. They served me bad eel! Tasted very fishy and I had to throw it out. Dammit.Edamame - good (hard to mess this up)
Black & gold roll - average with a tasty kick (on the plus side, it was very pretty)
Crunchy spicy tuna roll - tastes exactly how it sounds like it would 
Coconut Mojito - tastes like the beach, very coconut-ty, but strong ... One of them left me tipsy 
Tuna avocado caviar - good roll 
St Charles ave roll - my favorite one ... The crunch is good and the mango is a delicious after taste 
Blueberry bread pudding dessert - pretty tasty .. Slightly salty, but good
I would rate this place higher, but the prices were a bit steep ... I'll stick with Sake Cafe or Mikimoto for now!We decide to dine at Chiba after seeing the consistent 4 star ratings on various sites. The restaurant itself is lovely and modern; however, our experience was not synonymous with the ratings that we saw. 
My husband and I ordered the Mardi Gras roll, the Oak Street Roll, and lemongrass soup; we ordered vegetable spring rolls and chicken teriyaki for the kids. 
The Mardi Gras roll did not look, smell, or taste fresh. I believe the issue was with the white tuna. The description of the Oak Street roll was more intriguing than the actual taste, which was somewhat bland, despite its ingredients. The lemongrass soup broth was okay, nothing sprcial. The crawfish did not taste local-possibly frozen imported. 
There is no kids menu whatsoever, which I didn't think would be a problem, as chicken teriyaki was on the menu. The waitress informed us that the portion was "huge". I would not consider what was delivered to our table to be chicken teriyaki OR huge. There was one small chicken breast with the skin attached, which had been fried. There were a few drops of a brown sauce on the bottom of the plate. The remainder of the plate included a copious amount of pickled cabbage and vegetables. I cut the small chicken breast up and attempted to split it with my two children. They tried the chicken and promptly spit it out. What a wasted 19 dollars. The vegetable spring rolls were okay. 
I could think of plenty of other ways to spend 100 dollars. I had to bring my kids somewhere else after to eat.Very trendy, Japanese style food with an slightly noticeable American/local influence.  The menu is not as expansive as competitors in the area, but has all the important dishes for a Japanese place in an American town..  The dining area is very posh and would be a very nice setting for a date.  Prices were fair.
My partner had the California Rolls, which were a bit odd.  The flavors and presentation were nice, which included a wooden tray as opposed to a dish.  The sliced ginger was a pleasant plus.  Her only complaint was that the rice was also served cold, rather than room temp.  Which could mean that these rolls were prepared hours before and refrigerated until serving.  I ordered the pork gyoza and the tempura.  Both were sub-par.
I ordered the combination tempura, with chicken substituted for shrimp.  The batter used is most definitely not the traditional light batter, which resulted in a darker golden brown color, and a thicker texture.  The vegetables were not sliced in the traditional manner, which briefly made me wonder what each piece was.  For example I had two pieces of a chopped onion (flower petal) as opposed to an onion ring.  Not bad exactly, but distinctly an American attempt.  I had asked for teriyaki instead of the traditional sauce.  This was served late, and had obviously been nuked in a microwave for too long.  A three star dish, nothing special and not what you would expect.
The pork gyoza was a different matter.  These are very much made from scratch and suffer from all the pitfalls of inexperience.  Six half moon (not crescent) shaped gyoza are served as an appetizer.  They were filled with soup.  Since both sides of the dumpling were pan seared, you can imagine how the soupy filling squished out like a ketchup packet.  The tops and bottoms are pan seared, so the sides of the gyoza have not crisped and provide the weak point for losing the filling.  As a result of their filling being pork puree based, these gyoza do not take on the shape and pressed appearance of traditional gyoza. Its more of a mini pork hot pocket than a fried dumpling.  The flavor was bland and the texture of the filling was gritty (pork puree).  5 stars for the effort involved, -4 stars for the finished product.
I could not comment on service, as I ended up being served by the owner.  He had mentioned that the restaurant was only open seven months, so I can guess he hasn't worked out the kinks with scheduling wait staff.  Although he removed the gyoza from my bill, he did seem genuinely shocked that I would mention the shortcomings of his most popular appetizer.  I must say he was very friendly and approachable.  Its nice to see an owner that cares, and I hope things improve.
I will probably not visit again, as Chiba offers neither distinctively good food or value amongst the many competitors in this city.My first visit was pretty good, enough to where I would try them again. The menu sort of seemed like they are trying to be high-brow...they advertised oyster shooters and steamed buns with pork belly, but I didn't see the usual staples like sesame noodle salad, snow crab salad or fried calamari.
They specialty rolls had explanations, but the regular rolls did not. Excuse me that I didn't remember off of the top of my head what's in a "Boston roll." I asked the waiter if there was a description of the rolls and he said the name describes what's in it. Okay....so I asked him if they could make me a roll upon request and he said sure. That way I got what I wanted and didn't have to play a guessing game. So, I was happy.
My friends had a black and gold roll, fried salmon roll and a spicy tuna roll, along with vegetable tempura. It all looked good. I wouldn't mind going back and trying some of the other items.Decided to try Chiba today just to see what all the hype was about.... we were imediately greeted  at the door and the bartender came over and took our drink orders and let us know own that our server Henry would be with us in a moment. Upon his arrival he was very friendly. Since it was our first time Dining there he was attentive and patience in describing the menu. Items  and answering our questions Even though the restaurant was starting to fill up.. the food was fresh and absolutely delicious.  all that will speak for itself when you try the food. But the most important  thing was the fast and friendly service. This will definitely become a stable for myself, my friends and my future  business lunches.... and FYI the drinks are definitely worth pulling a seat up to the bar and have some munchies at happy hour.My favorite sushi roll of my entire life is here--the strawberry satsuma!  I get take-out from Chiba nearly once a week, it's that good.  The hot and sour soup is perfect, and the crawfish fried rice is a fave at our house.  Keith, the owner, is a really nice guy who works hard and is always running around the restaurant.  Love that they're open late night.  A gem on Oak Street!Went to Chiba for happy hour. You cannot beat the Happy Hour deals. Rolls are $3-4 and glasses of wine are $4. We got 4 glasses of wine, 3 rolls, and 2 appetizers for $33. The rolls are small and I was glad we got the happy hour pricing otherwise I would have been disappointed. 
The ambiance is great. It's new, fresh, and trendy! There's something to be said for a trendy new place nestled among old New Orleans establishments. I like it! I'll go back.Hold on while I clean up the drool. When I think of sushi in New Orleans, I think of this place. This place is the reason I fell in love with ceviche. The octopus ceviche is HEAVENLY citrus-ey, the chips are light and crispy ... it's pure perfection. The sushi prices are a bit higher than I'd like, but it is not your average sushi. It's high end sushi. The chef makes concoctions that I never thought of and every bite is heavenly. I haven't had a bad roll. I will be back time and time again. This is a must try.This restaurant took us (a very large party), very last minute for dinner on Christmas day.  The food was excellent, the waitress was very entertaining and the ambiance was casual and perfect for our group.  Highly recommend as a neighborhood restaurant worth visiting for a good meal and great drinks!We were looking forward to trying Chiba, and had been highly recommended by a friend.  Our waitress/ server was Brianna, I think.  Although she was VERY nice, the service was incredibly slow.  Our drinks and food took forever.  The food was just okay.  The nigiri sushi comes one piece to the order.  The pieces are large, but way too large IMHO.  The rolls were Not that big and just so-so.  We did like the saki flight option.  There are better sushi joints all over New Orleans.  Don't think we'll be rushing back.I went to Chiba with my bf for my birthday lunch. He loved their happy hour (4p-6p) deals and I was looking to just eat something. They opened at 4pm so we were just about the only ones in there. Service was not bad - the hostess partnered with our server so we were fantastic on the water the entire time. I only gave 3 stars because I adore eel and their eel rolls that we ordered were not as substantially 'eely' as other places I have gone. The bf pointed out that their food quality was probably pretty high than any other place that we've been to so they probably do not feel the need to overload the fish with creative tricks or over-the-top fancies. The food was just ok to me. They carry my favorite - Hendricks Gin - and the hostess made me a really awesome drink. Perhaps I will change this to a 4-star when I go back soon. I will definitely go back.Alden killed it at the bar and Casey did a great job of taking care of us. The food was amazing!! We came through on a Wednesday night around 9:30 and stopped at a few places trying to find somewhere to eat. Everyone near oak street closed their kitchen early except for Chiba and the food and service was amazingGot the VOODOO ROLL ($13). It was decent but nothing out of the ordinary. 
Waitstaff and bartender was friendly and welcoming. Great atmosphere and interiors. I'd comeback for happy hour and re-rate Chiba.AMAZING! THE OWNER WAS SO GREAT! ME AND MY FRIENDS WERE IN TOWN FOR A BREAST CANCER EVENT AND JUST FELL INTO THIS PLACE
IT WAS AWESOME! GREAT FOOD AND DRINKS AND THE ATMOSPHERE WAS WONDERFUL!
Thanks
www.mybaldhead.meAfter a day of walking all over New Orleans, I needed a snack. I found a happy hour right around the corner from where the hunger hit me.
The sashimi trio was great, and low priced on happy hour. We had two of these in no time. The unfiltered sake is fantastic and also on the happy hour menu. The staff gave us a "last chance" happy hour heads-up, which I always appreciate. I finished off with a bottle of Asahi and a roll from the regular menu, which was good.
The staff was friendly, though thin for happy hour. The interior has a great wall of sakes and other beverages.
This was a good find and I'm thankful for the happy hours. I'll be back!I went here with a party of about 5 people for a small birthday dinner. The interior was very luxurious and the prices matched. We weren't really expecting to spend a fortune but we did. That's because the sushi quality was great and fresh. I had a Mardi Gras roll which was nicely presented on a small wooden/bamboo platter. It was very good and the masago was great. 
The waitress kinda brushed our table off because we were teenagers but that's honestly very common behavior when I go out with my friends. A majority of us have worked service jobs and understand but it is unfortunate. 
The live music was very nice but way too loud and distracting. The round table we were seated at made it difficult to have a conversation especially with the entertainment so close.- No cold Sake in bottles. 
- Four tiny pieces of tuna in the ceviche. 
- Rolls are too small for the price. 
- Slow
- Luke warm service.This place is an absolute gem, and one of the reasons that I'm re-upping my five star review is because I like this place so much, and live in fear that it will close.
Please stop by and try it!
This is one of the few places that is definitely at a slightly higher price-point than it's competitors and yet still feels like a bargain to me.
We like this place so much that we have a dinner date here at least once a month.  
The dishes we like, we like SO dang much that we place the same order EVERY SINGLE TIME: we split the Sashimi Tiradito (six pieces of high end sashimi with truffle oil, sea salt and a bit of minced chive - doesn't sound like much but it is always AMAZING); then we split the crispy duck salad (this is one of my favorite dishes in all of New Orleans); and follow with the sashimi entree.  
The above and a bottle of wine make for a perfect dinner - one that we've had a dozen times now.  They also have regular sake and wine specials - ask your waiter.
We've always had very attentive service here, and the interior of the restaurant is really quite lovely.
I should also note that one of the reasons that we love to have date nights at Chiba is that Oak Street makes for a lovely after-dinner stroll as well - a stroll that, as often as not, winds up at the Oak Wine Bar, another lovely place that I really need to make the subject of a review sooner rather than later.
In any event, go have dinner at Chiba as soon as possible!Deciding where to have dinner in a city that offers Po' Boys, gumbo, snow balls, jambalaya and all other goodness that is offered in the South, I decided to try Chiba, as it was reported that some of the sushi dishes were preapred with a local twist.  
I arrived in time for happy hour prices, which meant that I could indulge in an extra roll or specialty, given the discounted price, so I opted for the Pork Belly Buns, which are one of my favorite items, however, while they were quite good, they really needed to have a little more fat in them.
One of my rolls included crawfish, which was quite good as well, but overall, nothing really popped to make Chiba stand out over other sushi restaurants I've dined at, even with the local speciailsties on the menu.  Others have raved about the specialty drinks, however, as I'm not a drinker, the sushi really had to stand out for me.
The space is quite large, with unique custom made chairs and attentive service.Fantastic lunch!!!  My hubby a seafood person me not at all. I had plenty of choices and the hubs and I both had an amazing lunch!!  I had chicken teriyaki and he had the Hamachi Kama.  Not sure if he even came up for air and again mine was great too!!  Then desert yummy!!Chiba is my go-to place for good sushi and rolls. Everything's fresh and flavorful. One of the things I really enjoy is that, if the description mentions an ingredient, you taste it but it's never overpowering. It just adds to the flavor.
Good selection of beers and and a marvelous saki list--currently Thursday nights are half-price for all sakis, so I've been able to try some of the more expensive things.
Good, attentive staff and a comfortable, polished atmosphere make this a place I love.Met the owner and he's great. Nice and friendly place. Awesome cocktails and ambiance.I agree with the one reviewer who said CHIBA has ruined sushi for her.  It has also ruined sushi for me.... for the better.  
I've had the pleasure of dining here twice in the past month; once with a group of friends at the bar for opening happy hour and last night flying solo for a quick meal after work.  Both times I had a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
Previously, this was a run down warehouse-y space where I attended performance art, craft fairs and improvisational comedy shows.  What the owners have done with regards to renovating the space is spectacular.  It has a sleek, contemporary feel, yet with touches of beautiful dark wood it still feels rooted in New Orleans.  Nice combination.
Every day they are open they offer two happy hours - One during their first hour of business for dinner and a second happy hour the last hour before close.  So!  It's a nice place to meet either before going out for the evening or at the back end of the night, to connect with friends and have a little face time before heading home, in addition to dining during peak times.
I am not a heavy drinker of alcohol, yet each time I've been here I have ordered cocktails because they all seem so intriguing and delicious, definitely combinations I have not seen elsewhere with brands I am not familiar with.  The bartenders do an outstanding job of making recommendations and mixing visually pretty concoctions that are refreshing and taste great.
Now, to my "ruining..."  The first time I visited CHIBA, I ordered the Let The Good Times Roll.  I enjoyed it so much, I ordered a second portion of the same.  During that visit, I was with friends and they were all ordering other items which also looked like they were amazing.  I had been drooling over someone's Satsuma Strawberry Roll and when I placed my second order of Good Times, they asked why I didn't order the Satsuma Strawberry.  My answer was, "I don't want to experience that tonight because I want to have an excuse to come back here.  Experiencing THAT roll is something that will make me return."
So, last night I bellied up to the bar, ordered a Bayou Breeze cocktail, a Satsuma Strawberry Roll and a Mardi Gras Roll.  I cannot possibly put into words how beautiful the food presentations are at CHIBA (the culinary team does an incredible job!) so I have posted a few pictures to show you.  The beauty of each dish as it is placed before you is definitely a big WOW! factor and is cause for excitement.  That said, and visuals aside, the food stands up on its own merit!  Yes, there are non-traditional flavour combinations on some of the offerings.  What I have found is that I have enjoyed every single new item I have tried.  The nuances in combining "non-sushi" flavours to this sushi may be a bit challenging for the brain to conceptualize, however, they are fully embraced by MY taste buds!  To that end, I am so excited about my experiences here that I am eager to return and try MORE new items!  I have only had delicious meals here and Chef Keith has my  full trust and admiration on the culinary choices he makes.
So, yes. CHIBA has ruined sushi for me.  They have now become the par and that which I will compare others to in regards to ambience, presentation, quality of fish (CHIBA's is excellent... so fresh!) and, of course, flavour.
THANK YOU, Chef Keith, Tiffany and the CHIBA team for clearly loving what you do and putting forth a beautiful and amazingly delicious product in a clean and comfortable space.  I look forward to more meals here in the future.Tip- USE ABS ABUSE their happy hour prices!
So the specialty rolls .... Look Presley pretty. I've tried three: the Saint Charles, the Mardi Gras, and oak street. Honestly I wasn't really impressed with any of them... The ingredients seemed fresh but all o could taste in two (st Charles and Mardi Gras) were the fish eggs in top. I Had a buy one get in free coupon for the rolls so, I was glad about that. I did like the happy hour rolls I got - crunchy spicy tuna and veggie tempura. Edamame was good (maybe a little salty? But I like salt). The Goyza dumplings... honestly the worst filling I've ever had, lacked flavor and the texture was weird. I wold consider going back for the happy hour deals/ rolls. That's about it.First time here, exceeded all expectations! Food was exceptional, great service! Lemon grass soup and Mardi gras roll were both a hit!Despite arriving after the kitchen had closed, Henry found a way to get us fed some damn good food. Really appreciate the customer service and the food. My favorite sushi place in town.The places I have been there, the service and food have been perfect.  The prices can be steep but the quality and consistence has always been there.  My favorite service has been from Megan, Rob, and the sushi chef, I think his name is Drew.  I'm glad everytime I walk in that place, I know I'm getting top notch quality! I'm in the service industry, so I really appreciate good sincere service when I get it because it's not easy.The sushi here is excellent. That is not something I would say about any of the other sushi places in New Orleans (that I have tried). I imagine that Chiba flies in fresh fish from the West Coast. The prices seem to reflect that.
The fatty salmon and smoked salmon sushi were both amazing. The strawberry roll was also amazing. We also had an appetizer plate of salmon, bluefin tuni, and yellowfin tuna with white truffle oil which was, yes, amazing. The steamed bun with pork belly was excellent--an airy, puffy, warm bun with the perfect amount of a lightly-sweet, tangy sauce.
The only thing I tried which was not excellent was the shrimp tempura roll. The strongest flavor in the roll was mayonnaise. I'm surprised they didn't add some sort of spice to modify the straight-up mayonnaise flavor.
The prices here are very high, i.e. $3.50 for one piece of sushi or sashimi. A  light dinner without alcohol will be about $40 per person.Honestly, I was not in the mood for Asian cuisine tonight, but my boyfriend convinced me. That being said, it's all the more impressive that I felt so satisfied as I walked out the door. I have some dietary restrictions that our waitress, Hannah, was more than happy to work with. She was incredibly attentive, even with a very full restaurant and what appears to be a fairly small staff. And so friendly! I got the green salad with ginger dressing, not the usual over-powering and chunky dressing that you get in most Japanese restaurants, but rather light and flavorful. For my entrée I got the mussels which were wonderful. Very unique flavor, a real Asian-NOLA fusion. If you're in the mood for sushi, this is by far the best place I've tried in the city.First of all, I must warn that this place is too expensive for me to go outside of happy hour. That's the only con I can find. The prices are excellent during happy hour and it's a good time to try some more expensive dishes with your meal. They have only girly cocktails, so I didn't bother. The atmosphere is young and stylish and the waitstaff was extremely friendly. It's a tad too romantic to go with friends.
Their rolls are pretty standard IMO, but they beat all others in NOLA. The ingredients are fresh and the dishes are creative; still, they stick well to the classic style of sushi and generally avoid hypermodernization.Kinda disappointing (the food) - I had a salmon that was undercooked and presented poorly or in a rush... However, the atmosphere in the restaurant was outstanding. Seems like a happening place with a lot of locals attending; Oak Street in NOLA is a warm street where everything's walking distance. 
On a positive note: I had a roll that was to die for.
I'll give this place a second chance.As I'm writing this review, I'm still unsure of what rating to give Chiba.  I'm currently debating between 3 and 4 stars.  Why?  Well you see, I actually had a very pleasant experience at Chiba.  Then why am I debating this again?  Well Chiba is actually quite pricey, and trust me I've been to a fair share of sushi restaurants in New Orleans.  I personally never had a problem with spending $15-$18 on a special roll, but when a special roll is the same size as a small roll and still costs roughly $10 more, there's a problem.
Okay let's get to what we ordered.  We started off with the Octopus Ceviche (must-try!) and the Yellowtail Ceviche (decent).  We then ordered 6 rolls for the table which included the Satsuma Strawberry Roll, the Gulf Coast Roll, the Mardi Gras Roll, the Black Widow Roll, the St. Charles Ave Roll, and a crunchy roll.  Everyone loveddd the Strawberry Roll.  They were all actually pretty good, but for the size of the roll it just wasn't worth the money.  We then ordered Mochi and the Fried Blueberry Bread Pudding for dessert.  The red bean mochi was horrendous, not because of the flavor (bc I actually love red bean), but because of the texture!  It was so brittle and fell apart in your mouth.  I'm sure it was because it was really old, because the mango and green tea weren't that bad.  The bread pudding was good, but being the dessert connoisseur I am I'm quite critical,and no it wasn't the greatest dessert I've ever tasted.
So overall Chiba actually is a good sushi joint if you don't mind the prices, but personally I don't think it's worth it.  There are definitely other sushi joints in NOLA that's worth the money.Oysters shooters- raw oyster, ponzu and siracha....sounds unique, tastes disgusting. The rolls are okay, ambiance is greatbut don't come with high expectationsI've had two trips to @ChibaNOLA in the last couple of weeks, one lunch, one dinner, because my friend Gina has been raving about the place on Da Twittah.
"Sake Blu" - Gina started off our lunch with this concoction of Tyku Sochu, Tyku Silver Sake, muddled blueberries, with a splash of grapefruit and soda. It looked neat, so I had one on the dinner outing. One turned into two. :-)
Pork Belly Steamed Buns. Our expert on the place insisted we start with what Chef Keith says is his most popular appetizer. They naturally made a second appearance at dinner as well.
Sushi: We ordered lunch specials off the menu, but also had one of Chiba's specialty rolls. The photo at the top is the "Satsuma Strawberry Roll" - Scallop, yellowtail, wasabi tobiko, mango, jalapeno, tempura flakes, and spicy sauce. Each piece is topped with a thin slice of strawberry and the roll is drizzled with satsuma ponzu. Without the strawberry and satsuma, this would still be a wonderfully-upscale crunchy roll. With those two additions, it's truly something special! Chiba also does the standards well...the California Roll and regular Tuna Roll were both solid.
For dinner, we tried the Spicy Tuna roll and a "Let the Good Times Roll" - Crispy shrimp, crab, cucumber, tuna, and a sweet chili sauce, then I asked Chef Keith to get us a different specialty roll from the two we'd already seen at this point, and he brought over a "Mardi Gras Roll" - Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, white tuna, cucumber, lemon, jalapeno, tobiko, and spicy mayo. We will have this one again!
While eating this one, Chef Keith explained Tobiko to me. It's flying fish roe. The reddish-orange color (fourth piece from the left) is its natural color. Various things are used to dye it other colors: Squid ink for black, yuzu (an Asian citrus fruit) for the yellow, and wasabi for the green. When Keith said the green color came from wasabi, it totally explained why Gina food-gasmed over the piece of the roll she grabbed.
On the lunch outing, there were three of us, so we all ordered different things off the lunch menu.  Chicken Teriyaki-tender and tasty, and the rice cooked just right. Since Gina had the chicken teriyaki, I got the salmon teriyaki. I got the better deal!
Terri got the Assorted Tempura lunch, a bit of chicken, shrimp, and veggies, all fried nicely.
Dessert! Tempura-fried bread pudding with a blackberry sauce...wicked, just wicked!
To sum it up, we had a lovely lunch, then a great evening event with good food, excellent drinks, @TequilaAvion, and wonderful company!The first thing i must say about this place: COCONUT MOJITO! It was amazinggg!! Felt like I was on an island. This place has an awesome cocktail menu, which is very important in my book. The food was above average. The pork belly steamed buns is a must! Love the decor. Place definitely has high potential. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the rolls are a bit over priced for the amount of fish you get, but hey, it IS on Oak street.Flew in for Mardi Gras this past week and to support my buddies new restaurant extravaganza Chiba!  While I am biased, this place is hands down the best sushi in New Orleans.
I love this neighborhood as well, a great destination for anyone looking for yet another unique flavor of the city.  The sushi was incredible, the fish top notch.  The ambiance and staff are stunning... you will enjoy yourself and leave the place with a large smile on your face. 
I will be back... I never wanted to leave.Still a date-night go-to.  Most recent visit two weeks ago and this place is as on the ball as ever.  If you haven't been to Chiba, you MUST put it on your list!This is a newish spot on the riverbend  and on Oak Street that does a really nice job with sushi and provides a big city feel. They have a large selection of cocktails as well as sake and seem to have the staff and kitchen of the same page in order to provide you with the freshest ingredients possible. It's not a destination spot but definitely a good place to have a nice sushi dinner with friends in the the University area.Blech. Food was not acceptable: Gyoza wrappers were gritty and tasteless. Voodoo roll, made with striped bass tasted more like tilapia (which I detest) and had unpeeled apple in it. Little hard bits of peel do not a satisfying roll make. Seaweed/cucumber salad tasted straight out of a store-bought bucket. Service:-they were clearing dishes every 5 minutes, either JUST as we finished or before we were finished--asking several times whether we were finished. I finally had to ask the staff to please give us some privacy. Argh. I really wanted to like this place-the owner comes from a place in NYC that I frequent. Won't bother going back.I was extremely disappointed with Chiba. The sushi is way over-priced, and it was not very good. The mussels appetizer was great, as was the steamed beef rib buns. The sunomono salad was mainly cucumber with a small amount of fish, and the "Let the Good Times Roll" roll would have been much better without the chopped tuna on top....especially at $16 for one small 8-piece roll. By the way, the sushi is sold "per piece", so beware of the prices there! Sorry, but I'll stick with Sushi Brothers, Mikimoto or Origami - all of which have fabulous sushi at very reasonable prices.Great, metropolitan  but relaxed atmosphere. The owner and staff are personable, approachable, and helpful.  The crispy duck salad was amazing. Don't forget the sake. I'm a fan.I like sushi.  You know this.  I even have a lengthy sushi list.  Can I just hit the high points and not fancy pants this review up?  Great.
Appetizer: Edamame with black salt.  
verdict: Awesome.  Pretty hard to screw up and the black salt added an exotic kick.
Rolls: tuna, Black and Gold (specialty), Gulf Coast (specialty)
verdict: the tuna roll was a typical tuna roll.  The Black and Gold and Gulf Coast rolls were all fancy pants and topped with caviar of some sort.  Now, let me ask a question;  When you order a special roll, you kinda expect them to be BIG, right?  Well, these were normal size rolls, but instead of 6 pieces, you got 8 pieces... for 7 bucks more.  That's $3.50 per extra piece, for those of you playing at home.  Were they good??  Yeah, but not $12 a roll good!
I also had green tea which was pretty good and the whole place had a "sake cafe" feel.
Look, I'm sorry.  I like places that are a little less "trendy".  That's just me.  I prefer a "Hana" any day of the week: good food, no whistles.  I have yet to find a place that can compete.  Call me a snob.This is a great place with great food. I was uptown to check out some jazz and stopped in Chibas to have some dinner first.  The owner is great and the service & food are excellent. I will make this one of my stops next time I'm in the Big Easy.So amazing!!!  Try the bread putting for dessert, blueberry purée w/ homemade whipped cream.  Delish!!!!!!Sushi is delicious, bar is great, happy hours are awesome. Looks like they struggle to keep waitstaff thoughImpeccable food and service. Delicious and creative. Tastebuds will be happy. Upscale from its competitor, but price competitive with Ninja.
Try the Strawberry Satsuma roll. Blueberry bread pudding desert  was out of this world. To quote my son, it is "OMG"!
Great addition to Oak Street.Was not that impressed with this places based on all of the reviews and coworkers recommendations. It was over priced,paying more for the atmosphere, and the sushi was pretty average. 
Ordered the gulf coast speciality roll and it was the first to come out and it had a really bad after taste.  The salmon roll and the speciality popper roll were good by didn't leave a lasting impression. The specialty rolls were average size but expected more for the price. 
Our server did try hard being it was her second shift on her own. BUT She could not even describe some of basic rolls on the menu....like if the fish was on top of the roll or inside the roll. We went on a Wednesday night around 7pm...maybe 5 seated tables in the whole place...It took over an hour and a half to complete the meal...not by our choice. We ordered the blackberry bread pudding. The waiter brought us out originally the happy hour portion when we ordered the dinner portion. The waitress did not realize her mistake till about 15 minutes after we completed the original dessert and brought the remaining two portions of the dessert...when we were ready to go by that point.  
Overall the positive thing about this place is its spacious, the decor is nice and art work, and there was no wait. 
The sushi was average and way over priced. 1 cocktail, 1miso soup, 2 speciality rolls, 1 normal roll, a $9 bread pudding and our bill was $75 for two people! I will just say I have had better sushi at the hospital. Prob won't be returning for another average experience.Whether ordering from the sushi bar, or the regular kitchen menu, I am always pleased every time I eat here. 
The raw fish selections are generous portioned and very fresh. 
The miso grouper with green beans is a favorite of mine, and it pairs well with the crawfish fried rice. 
The steak with potatoes and tasso ham is also a winner.Fortunate enough to sit at the bar and talk to Keith (owner). Great food and phenomenal service. The menu is extremely imaginative and there is something for everyone.Liked they had tempura rolls and a good selection on the happy hour menu.  Bartender was really nice however our waitress seemed new, didn't know much about the menu and was hard to find for ordering more drinks and rolls.  Some things were slightly more expensive than you would think and the presentation of the food was pretty boring but tasted good.  Second time being here for happy hour and it was as empty as the last time, nothing big just sorta weird.Having lived in Hawaii and California I tend to have high expectations when it comes to sushi. That being said Chiba is okay.  We dined here for an early dinner and ordered off the happy hour menu. Prices were cheap for many items.  The catch? Some portions are small. The California roll $3 looked like one roll was cut in half to make two.  Very well then, we ordered four California rolls. It might have been six, we lost count. We tried the steamed buns with chicken katsu, ribs and duck.  It was also cut in half. They were pretty much bite size apps. The chicken katsu was the best.  Side note: Steam buns or bao is a Chinese dish served with duck. Good fusion idea I suppose. The sashimi trio $8 consisted on three small pieces of fish (salmon, ahi, and yellow tail.). I wouldn't recommend the sashimi trio. The avocado cucumber roll was good but also small.  The steak yakitori was okay. The marinade was a bit overwhelming for me. It would make a good rice bowl. The highlight of dinner was the blueberry tempura bread pudding. Sake was okay. I think next time we'll try ordering off the main menu. 3 1/2 Stars!My daughter likes this place! I find it just ok. Nothing negative to say. I had take out a couple of times.I like the food here. They are all tasted good, especially the salad! However, not recommand order the eel with rice.All I can say is YUM! Not to mention during happy hour I can get 5 things off the menu for less than $20! I absolutely love the vegetarian rolls they offer especially the yam tempura- it is so unique but SO GOOD. I've also had the seaweed salad and blueberry tempura bread pudding all delicious! I wish I had discovered this place sooner when I lived off of Carrollton.Great Sushi and Drinks. Half price Wednesday all day is CLUTCH! Try the "Let the Good Times Roll"... Favorite Roll I've ever had.This place is awesome! Saki Thursday, great service, great food. Favorites: Tuna Ceviche & the Satsuma Role.I don't write many yelp reviews, but Chiba is the best sushi restaurant in New Orleans so I had to this time.  I'm pretty picky about sushi and I don't like crazy rolls with lots of mayonnaise.  The sushi here is always fresh, especially the sashimi. My favorite rolls are the spicy tuna avocado roll, spicy scallop, and eel avocado roll. The salmon sashimi is really good too. They have the best tuna ceviche appetizer. The drink menu is great as well.I love trying new places and was excited to see what the hype was about for this new sushi joint.  The place has a great atmosphere and I love all the fixtures and furnishings.  They did a great job converting this old warehouse space into a modern eatery. 
This is not the place to go if your wallet is hurting.  It was very expensive.  Yes, the food was good, but it really wasn't any better than sushi I've had elsewhere.  They do offer things that you can't find at other places, so if you're in to that then I guess it's worth the trip. 
To start we had a the special they were offering, Chu Toro Tar Tar, it had a raw quail egg on top.  It was delicious, but we learned an important lesson - ask how much the special is before ordering!  When we got the bill this APPETIZER was $24!  I would expect that price for an entree but not an appetizer.  
We started with the Sake Flight to drink and they were all delicious.  I recommend going the flight route.
We also had the Edamame which was FANTASTIC.  The best I've ever had.  We had the Kamikaze roll, the Eel Cucumber Roll and the Ume Shiso roll.  They were all tasty.  We ordered the Ume Shiso to be adventurous.  I didn't care for it, but my friend loved it.  It's worth trying once.  
We also had a couple of pieces of Yellowtail Sashimi which was delicious, but so expensive.  One piece for $4.  And on the menu it said $3.75, but on the bill it was actually $4.  Didn't notice this til it was too late to make a complaint about.  
Overall it was a good dinner.  It was just a bit on the pricy side.We were walking by, looked at the menu and decided to try it out.
Great menu- we ordered a variety of things to share. We enjoyed our meals, sushi fell apart while picking it up, service was a little slow and it was FREEZING in the restaurant. 
Will we go back? Probably, and we will bring sweaters!From start to finish everything was good. Ask for Tina she was so awesome . No long wait for your food and it came out nice and fresh.Pretty much the worst sushi I've overpaid for. Beautiful restaurant, but the view is not enough for my stomach. To summarize it, not worth it.I came out of Yelp retirement to write this review. The only reason I'm giving Chiba 2 stars is that I think 1-star reviews should be reserved for places with rude service. No one at Chiba was rude -- everyone I interacted with was perfectly pleasant, just... bad at their jobs. 
I spent 2 hours at Chiba, not by choice. My boyfriend and I wanted something quick and easy, and sushi tends to be fast. Not this time. Nope. Our simple order took so long that our poor waitress looked pained and offered "freebies" from the kitchen a few times, but we didn't take her up on it. At the end of the meal when she offered dessert, I assumed it would be free and ordered some ice cream. Wrong, not free, $8. Sad face.
The food itself was fine. I enjoyed the steamed buns a lot. Our sushi was acceptable but very overpriced. 
I'm honestly astonished at how poorly-run this place was. Our waitress was clearly new, so I don't think I can blame her, but where was the manager?Surprised I haven't reviewed this place. Third trip tonight. Will be returning again.
Pricey.
Worth it. 
Casey waited our table (as he did our last time here) - top notch service, again.
Sushi is fresh and innovative.
We've hit most of the menu without finding anything non-terrific.
My new single favorite dish in the greater New Orleans area: the duck salad. 
Nice atmosphere - romantic, and Oak Street makes for a terrific after dinner stroll.FANTASTIC!!!  We had an amazing evening with fabulous service, Jane is the best.  Wonderful food; Louisiana Purchase roll, chicken katsu and blueberry tempura bread pudding......YummyThe best sushi in NOLA, hands down, and not 'deep fried shrimp & cream cheese roll' b.s.  If you like true, traditional sushi & sashimi, you will be very happy here, and they also have some more fun, creative dishes for friends who might not be into the straight-up Japanese style of sushi.  The space is well designed and has a big, airy feel, and the service was excellent.  We sat at the sushi bar and although we were the only people in the restaurant on Labor Day afternoon, the fish could not have been fresher -- not exactly what I'd expect on not only a Monday but a holiday, as well.  The sushi chef is very knowledgeable and personable, and clearly excited to be serving such high-caliber food.  I'm looking forward to returning to try more of the menu, especially given the excellent happy hour offerings - I agree with other reviewers that this is one of the best happy hours I've ever seen.  It's a little pricier than what you might be accustomed to (at Sake Cafe, for instance, which up til now had been our go-to), but you absolutely are getting what you pay for.What a dreadful experience and a waste of money. Everything on the menu was expensive. An eel avocado roll was $7, and it is not even that impressive. I thought Sushi Brothers was bad, but this place was worst! My boyfriend was so excited about his Mardi Gras roll until the roll came out. He looked extremely disappointed. It was an $18 special roll and it was tiny. Very tiny. The presentation looked great, very colorful, but don't let that fool you. The roll tasted "fishy" due to rotten, bad fish. And no, believe me or not, I am not overly exaggerating this review. Everything is the truth. I ordered a 2 roll lunch special, the spicy one. Well let me say the spicy tuna and spicy salmon roll weren't spicy at all, and the flavor was awful. On a positive note, the spicy salmon did at least tasted somewhat better than the mardi gras roll. Service was friendly, and they did try to make an effort in serving their customers good. 2 stars for that. I always pass this restaurant and always didnt understand why it is always so empty inside. Now I know why. Bad sushi and expensive. Totally not worth it. This will be my first and last time here. Some advice, please don't go here. You will waste your money and left empty stomached.Alright, very rarely have I given a service one star and they just made me write this review hoping that some one will read it and I could spread the word.
We got there tonight, were seated and then we had an order of Eel avocado and one eel cucumber. The server brought us two of each and we informed her about the mistake . Then she went and check and showed us a print out paper saying there were 2 orders of each. We told her there was a mistake and then she said ok I need to take the tray (we had a few other orders on it)  and at that point I told her if you would wanna throw them away, we will take it so food won't get wasted. She then said "no, we are going to give then to other tables when they order the same order.". I was blown away and steam was coming out of my brain.... I was like "this is illigal. You can't just take food from one table and give it to others." 
Moral of the story, if you ever decide to eat at this business, make sure you double check with the server to serve you food from scratch not the left overs.... how could they even thought of attempting that?!!!! They can be easily sued for putting food from one table to another. The tray was on our table for like 5 min before it was taken away... 
All in all, in the city where the streets smell urine, anything is expected. If anyone knows how to go about the legal side of the case, give me a shout. We are not stepping in that restaurant ever again. Just thinking about what that server boldly told us makes me throw up. For a couple of dollars they lost at least 2 loyal customers and that's the type of the customer service they have. Thanks new orleans!Last night was my second time at Chiba - the first being right after its opening. The owner greeted us and actually remembered that we'd been before which was very impressive. He has run a multitude of sushi restaurants in New York and was very knowledgeable of the industry. 
Now for the food... The food is amazing and the menu is much more than just crunchy rolls and tempura. The restaurant is better described as a hip high end Japanese restaurant rather than just a sushi place. The mussels are a must order as are the steamed buns. The service is quick and the rolls are very creative and conscious of what is in season. For example we had a salmon sashimi special wrapped around blackberries and arugula. 
I strongly recommend this restaurant for dates or group dinners.If you like sushi, but want atmosphere that is different than the usual oriental theme then this is your spot. It has progressive music, and avante-garde decor. Best of all, it's on Oak St. near some other cool places that you should at least walk by and know are there (I'm talking to you, tourists!).
The sushi is great, so don't think I'm waiting to talk about that to avoid the subject. It's just that so many other factors tie in to the good food. Service has always been top-notch as well. This is a gem, and if you're from out of town you should find a reason to go visit the bars and restaurants along Oak St. If you're in the mood for sushi then this place is a fantastic excuse to hit a really interesting part of New Orleans that many tourists don't ever see.
The sweet and sour soup is fantastic, by the way.I enjoyed my sushi rolls and duck buns, the bbq duck buns were good especially the fluffy buns they made them to be.
Waitress was friendly and personal, a little too close for tables next to each other. I didn't like the lighting over there, dark in a creepy way, got a warehouse feel to it, although the wall decorations were trendy.This restaurant is going to be the best sushi restaurant in the New Orleans Metro area!  The dishes are delicious and the presentation is fantastic.  Plus, I absolutely love the ambiance.
Possibly the only sushi restaurant with REAL sushi rice, and make sure you try the octopus ceviche.
Great location and very nice staff. Me and my friends will be going there a lot.A must visit!  Chiba offers a unique New Orleans flare to Japanese foods (e.g., a sake inspired martini to an amazing octopus ceviche with Cajun spices). I've been around the country and sampled sushi. Chiba definitely has some of the best specialty sushi. Also, always order a side dip of eel sauce.We wandered over here the other day, looking to add a few new places to our Sushi Circuit in town.  After a little research, and realizing that we hadn't tried this place before, we went for it.  In order to beat the rush, we decided to make reservations for an early dinner (5:00 PM) on a Saturday.  Needless to say, the place was pretty empty when we arrived, which meant we had the sushi bar to ourselves.
Our sushi chef was James (Hope I remembered that right), and he was excellent.  We started with some items off the "Funk and Roll" Happy Hour Menu (M-Sat, 4-7PM) - the Pork Belly and the Edamame.  The Edamame was what you would expect.  The Pork Belly was very tasty, and an excellent starter.  We also ordered the Short Rib Appetizer, which seemed to have a little bit of a Mexican flair to it, but was very good.
On to the good stuff, and the best reason to sit at the Sushi Bar...
For the main course, we ordered Tune Avocado Roll, and it was exactly was it supposed to be, so we wandered out from there.  Next we had the Mardi Gras Roll, and finished up with the special of the day, the Creole Crawfish Roll.  The Mardi Gras roll was was tasty, with a mayo a touch overpowering.  The Creole Crawfish apparently came out of a challenge from the owner to the chef to create some kind of roll with crawfish remoulade.  At first, this sounds quite heavy, and we were happily surprised at how light and crisp it was..
We somehow managed to bites of the Banana Pudding, with was coated in tempura, and topped with fruit and cream.  It was also very good, and one of the Happy Hour specials.
Our server was great, and very attentive.  The space has a modern/rustic feel to it, with modern art and fixtures, and furniture/chairs made from repurposed items - possibly railings or wagon wheels with the chairs...?
The Happy Hour specials are all day Wednesday, and the Sake bottles are all half off on Thursdays.
Overall, we will return and dine again!  We will probably also try to trek their early again to once again commandeer the sushi bar.Chiba has great quality food and the Happy Hour is fantastic! Sometimes restaurants have a happy hour menu but put items that are not the favorites on the menu, Chiba puts a nice variety and several options to choose from, they also have great drink specials as well! I order four dishes during happy hour, including tax and tip my bill is always under $20!!  I always order and highly recommend the Crispy Chicken, the sauce is sooo good and the chicken is always fresh and crispy!! I also love the Agedashi Tofu, Edamame, and the Steamed Buns (I prefer the shrimp tempura) are not to be missed! The desserts are great too! Try the Bananas Foster Spring Roll or the Blueberry Tempura Bread Pudding. The staff is friendly and professional in a cozy atmosphere and the music is always on point!!I've found sushi bliss at Chiba: an easy all-around 5-star experience this past Friday night! Dig the digs that are more ultra urban than traditional silk scroll and shoji screen-filled sushi joint. And the service is sweet and attentive to your every need, no matter how bustling the scene.
These folks know what they're doing. Yeah, you've got the Japanese classics, the udons, tempuras, sushi, sashimi, chirashi etc., but where other restaurants might stop there, Chiba keeps going.  For example soy paper is an option, instead of seaweed and they also offer brown rice instead of only white. I love that they have speciality rolls with NOLA-fied names like the Voodoo Roll and Satsuma Strawberry roll. And I especially love that their vegetarian options aren't limited to avocado and/or cucumber rolls. And, finally I've found vegetarian gyoza in New Orleans. Hallelujah! Chiba's veg gyoza is mushroom-based and the dumplings are perfectly pan-fried and sososo tasty. I also had a vegetarian tempura roll that is beyond words delicious and love that they have asparagus in it!! I had never tried soy paper before and it went perfectly with this veg tempura roll. Avocado/cucumber roll was also on point.
A note on tasty boozy bevs: I'm thankful that Chiba doesn't limit their drink menu to sickeningly sweet martinis, plum wine (or lousy wine) hot sake and Japanese beer.I mean, 3 types of Champagne by the glass is pretty remarkable. Also, I vow that next time I'm going to give up my moratorium on sake-sippin' and try one of their tasty-sounding infusions. Honeysuckle? Yes, please!Oh my is all I can say. Looking for fresh and quality made sushi then this is your place. Great friendly staff and always a perk to have knowledgeable waiting staff who can point you to exactly what you're looking for. The sushi rolls aren't as big as other sushi restaurants around but you get what you pay for and that speaks volumes. Active location, ambient lighting, and drinks are fantastic. Nothing bad here.I enjoy sitting at the bar watching the TV which displays underwater footage of beautiful schools of fish Cascade across the screen. Max, the bar attendant is most pleasant and accommodating. He has been "spot on" with his recommendations. Me of which was the Mexican Gran Prix. A little slice of Asian/Mexican heaven! Great texture, perfect roll portion, not over done with seasonings. If you're a cilantro lover you'll go plum "loco" for this roll. 
I'll definitely be back and update this review. Typically, if I frequent an establishment you can rest assured that the food is above average. But why take my word, try it on your taste buds. I invite feedback as I'm sure the owner would.Wednesdays are great because they feature a happy hour menu all night in which you can get appetizers starting at $3. The downfall, everyone else has the same idea so it's loud and takes a long time to get food. Like 30 minutes for a first course long. However the food was super tasty as well as the specialty drink menu. Worth trying.