You gotta make a reservation, of not you'll wait an hour.  But the wait will be worth it.
Head to the bar and listen to the music.. it's a really small bar.
The bacon was amazing, crab soup was also good too.
Dinner, onion rings were really good along with the asperegis and steak fries.  However if you have 5 or less then don't order the table size as its just to much. 
Delmonico cajan spice is really good and had a much better flavor than the broil.   Minion was really good and is like the best of the three.
Service was a little slow at the beginning but mace up for it rather quickly. 
Don't expect to spend less than 50 per person.Locals, we visited Chophouse for my wife's birthday dinner on March 2.  To be honest, it wasn't our first choice - we'd never been and we were looking for a place that we had been to and knew we liked; but as there were several large events in town that weekend, reservations were hard to come by, so we chose this place, which we'd heard great things about and both wanted to try.  We weren't disappointed!  I appreciated the owner's back story, going to Tulane and deciding to try his hand at a New Orleans restaurant - takes guts for an outsider.  Also enjoyed the story of the son saying "one of us is going to run this business, the other is going to play golf" and the owner, tossing him the keys and saying I'll be on the range!  We started with appetizers, the shrimp remoulade and the colossal lump crab cocktail with remoulade sauce.  That in itself could be made a meal - delicious.  Crab is to die for.  Then we had our steaks - the wife had the 8oz filet mignon, which was prepared perfectly to her liking (that doesn't always happen, so it's good to acknowledge when it does), I had a rib-eye, perfect and flavorful.  We had sides as well, but memory fails me.  The dinner was exactly what we'd expect of a high end steakhouse.  And I also like the fact the even though the company isn't "local" they have local ties and they aren't a chain of steakhouses, per se.  They have many restaurants but with lots of different themes and menus.  
Side note to add - as we dined there was an older gentleman across the way from our table who apparently had a fainting spell.  I found it really interesting and settling the way the incident was handled; efficiently, quietly.  The place is small, so discretely was out of the question but I don't think such an event could have been handled better.  And of course in this place there was a medical professional dining, so that aided the ease of handling the situation.  
All in all a great experience, and a place I will consistently suggest to friends and tourists I encounter - I work in the French Quarter and often people are looking for suggestions of where to dine. This is not a French Quarter place, but it's proximity makes it an easy place to recommend.  Thank you!One word: amazing! Great service and great food! Piano player was great. Loved every second of itGreat salad, very good loaded baked potato. My mom steak was good. Manager was very nice. Services was great. Good piano music. Very nice over allEverything we ordered was fantastic! From the super expensive but super delicious a la cartel seafood platter to the perfectly seared medium rare aged steaks. You pay for the ambiance and the delicious steaks. This will be a once a year dining experience until I start making the big bucks lol.We were sitting outdoors having a reunion dinner and 4-5 rats/mice were running around under our table.
Had to move table inside- manager gave us $40 credit on a $550 bill.
I expected more from this luxury dining experience.Far better atmosphere, menu, and food than Ruths.  The atmosphere for me really makes it.  Have been here several times with family and friends.  The bacon appetizer is serious stuff.  Plan on a very large meal and if you like desserts, they are HUGE!Came to Chop House for a work dinner- reservations for a party of 8. Hostess greeted us and sat us at table upon arrival. Servers provided water and continued to check on us throughout the meal. The entire meal was paced nicely- didn't feel rushed. 
Started off with seafood sampler platter which was delicious!  I ordered the center cut rib eye with a lobster which both were cooked to perfection. The sides were good portion but nothing extraordinary. 
The servers worked as a team and checked back regularly.  One major pet peeve that they didn't clear the dirty dishes as the meal went by I think this is a major oversight of fine dining. No one wants to see dirty plates when they are eating their meal. 
Overall - a decent meal.First time dining here...I chose this restaurant to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, and it certainly did not disappoint. Top notch service from start to finish. I had what was quite possibly the best fish dish I've ever had in my lifetime...redfish amandine topped with crabmeat.  I was mesmerized by the crabmeat...oh my-so much crabmeat!  We started off with the Baked Shrimp appetizer. 3 huge shrimp, baked in tons of butter and parmesan cheese. Upon devouring it, we used some of our leftover bread to soak up some of the cheesy, buttery goodness remaining on the appetizer plate. I will undoubtedly become a regular at this restaurant. Highly, highly recommended.I was here because of our annual employee Christmas Party. As soon as you walk in the ambience was so warm and inviting.  The pianist/vocalist kept us very well entertained with jolly Christmas songs and even got a few friends to sing along.  Everything was on a schedule and the wait staff didn't miss a beat.  We had our cocktails 1st.  The bar was not a huge area, so as all of us slowly arrived, it started to get a bit too crowded. They then escorted us to the heated patio.  It kept us all so comfortable.  Let me just say that my apple-martini was the best I'd had in a long while. So delicious!!  Then they served our appetizers.  The seafood platter was overloaded with deliciousness!! From the savory Crab Bisque to the crispy New York Style Thick Cut Sizzling Bacon. The Shrimp Cocktail, the Baked Shrimp, the Lobster Tail, The Crabmeat and the Florida Stone Crab, it all would have your taste buds so excited and your belly so full you would wonder if you could possibly have any more room for your next course!! But somehow you pace yourself and make the room. Then came the main course.  My steak, which was cooked superbly to my liking, was so tender and juicy.  Omgorrah!!  The staff was very pleasant, patient and nice..  They were all very quick and very knowledgeable of their items on the menu. Which is so important to me.  If you are looking for an excellent steak house, then Chop House is a FANTABULOUS place for you to go!!   Happy eats!!Yes, you are supposed to eat Cajun or creole in n'orleans, but I was taken out to  dinner and they chose this steakhouse.  Watch out .It was as good as any of the real good independent ones, and much better than the pricey chains.  The bread was amazing, but I'm glad I didn't eat too much. Appetizer was a medley of cocktail shrimp, stuffed shrimp and lump crab meat.  So. Good. I had a NY strip, cooked to perfection with a football sized baked potato loaded with chive butter and bacon and a side of sautéed spinach with garlic and oil. Get.Out. The wine list is fairly large and many California wines are reasonably priced.  Service was impeccable with many staff at your beck and call. So, here is a short review for a excellent steak house. Good things  come in small Yelp packages.  Go. There.This place is awesome.  It has the sophisticated steakhouse feel and vibe, yet its so laid back.  Got in early for a bachelor party, so my brother who was the bachelor and 2 of his close friends who were their early, hit it up and it was great on a Thursday night, we got a bit loud, drank a bit, and had a fantastic steak.  We cut to the chase, ordered the steaks 2 sides and had a few drinks and headed out for more Bourbon st. adventures.
I had the 18oz filet.  Thing was cooked to a beauty.  Perfect sear, extra black pepper like I had asked.  the Lyonnaise was money, that and the asparagus were the two sides, we were just full to where we knew we could guzzle more booze and not be stuffed to the point it was food coma.  
This place is legit.  Its a go!Felt and tasted like a chain steakhouse.  We had a reservation ahead of time (a MUST in New Orleans).  When we checked in, the table wasn't ready.  That wasn't a huge deal for us to wait in the bar.  It was just super awkward when only 5 minutes later the same guy at the front was really confused as to who we were.  He kept glancing and then looking back and finally I had to ask him if he was looking for us.  Weird.  
The steak was good but not nearly best. The spinach was a little bitter and I was not a fan.  We ordered the table side prepped potato which is their thing.  So the waitress, who was a super cold bitch (but we'll get back to her) asks if we want everything on it.  After she read off what comes with it, we made our selection.  Then when the bill came, we charged an extra dollar for the cheese.  It was only a dollar, but again... strange to offer a loaded potato and not say that some of the toppings were actually included.  
So our waitress was a cold hearted snake and actually was kind of funny because it just didn't seem real.  The busboy (a girl) was super friendly which only made our waitress seem colder.  The best part of the whole meal was when our waitress got all crazy on the busboy and tried to start a cat fight.  Busboy/girl was legit scared... and we were too.  Extra point for the drama!Food is ok but service is slooooooooooowwwwww. And poor service for the prices they charge. Don't come hungry.I thought the steak was decent. Mine came out a little on the salty side and my husband asked for A1 sauce. He tried mine and said my steak had flavor and his was bland. The husband enjoyed the appetizer carpaccio. Service was great! The steak at Doris Metropolitan was better in my opinion.Chophouse was great! I loved the atmosphere and with someone playing the piano in the background it was awesome. The one complaint we had was that it took some time before our main dish came out, approximately about an hour and 15 minutes after the server took our order. Other than that the food was great.We were staying across the street at the Country Inn. After a long day of sightseeing and riding the St. Charles Streetcar, we were ready for a bite to eat. I would have been happy enough ordering a pizza from the hotel bar, but my friend insisted we get a meal from the Chophouse and split it. It was 10:45 pm, and the Chophouse closes at 11 pm, but they took our order. The filet was cooked a perfect medium rare that really did melt in my mouth. The shrimp cocktail only came with 3 shrimp, but they were sweet and fresh. The baked potato was the size of a guinea pig! They knew we were sharing, so they gave us plenty of sour cream, butter, chives and bacon toppings. What a delicious potato. The next time I am in New Orleans I will have to sit down and eat here.This place is fantastic,, I eat steak in many upscale steak restaurants but something about the way they seir the outside of there steak to keep the inside perfectly juicy is about the best I have seen... Great job can't wait to go back!!!!!This is not the place to go to if you are used to fine dining steakhouses in the Los Angeles area, NYC, Las Vegas, etc (i.e. metropolitan areas).  Trust me, you will just be disappointed.  Or just be happy it is a steak place.
My main complaint has to do with how the host/hostess are.  I realize we were in town during one of the many NOLA music festivals but we were a large adult crowd celebrating a birthday and they made me feel like we were second-class citizens.  Sorry, but I am willing to place a bet that if we had chosen Ruth's Chris, they would not have, I am not a gambler by nature.
The filet mignons that were ordered were dry.  A pat of butter could have gone a long way.  The Delmonico steak was good (basically a rib-eye), not spicy. We did select cajun style.  Our server, was very nice, but we had asked her to help us keep track of what sides were being ordered as there were 12 of us.  Over ordered sides, since no one in the group was asked if we needed so many.  Not a huge deal, but it is something that is very helpful with a large group so food isn't wasted.  We literally left an entire side.
Surprisingly, if I were to offer a suggestion near/in the French Quarter, I would suggest the Rib Room at the Omni!I was in town for Mardi Gras and decided to have a little date night before the festivities. Everything about this place was spectacular. The service, food, atmosphere, and especially the live music. There was an hour wait, so we called ahead to be put on the list. We were seated immediately. Our server was great, knowledgeable of the menu and very attentive. 
We ordered a bottle of the red wine, crab bisque, the 22 oz bone-in Ribeye, and the Redfish with a side of spinach and hash browns. No better was to describe the crab bisque is that they puréed crab meat and used that as a rue. It's so rich and creamy. I wish I had of gotten a bowl to bring home with me. The ribeye was ordered medium and it came out perfectly! Both entrees were juicy and full of flavor. We ended our meal with the New York cheesecake and berries, which was delicious as well. 
The only thing I can say I did not like was the rock hard butter that came with the bread. Other than that I can not stop ranting and raving about this place. Can not wait to come back to New Orleans to eat here again.Tremendous food and a truly wonderful location.  The steaks were better than even Ruths Chris due to their amazing char on the outside.  I think its called Pittsburg style and it is freaking delicious!  Asparagus side was great too...and the largest I have ever seen.  The carpaccio was amazing as hell too.  Just kaboom in yo mouf!
The only minor ding I'd give is on service.  I would take a half star off for that if I had that option.  It was fine I'd say, but not that level of personal attention that I would have liked to see for a true 5 star.  
On the whole, a nice option when those great steakhouses are booked up.  I was bummed they were out of stone crab, as we totally would have had them.  But its a long weekend, and these things happen.  Getting fresh seafood on a sunday is not the easiest.The restaurant decor was inviting for the 5 of my colleagues . We were in NOLA for a conference through the AANP Jun 8-14th. However the dinner had disappointments. First course was crab bisque, which was creamy and subtle and did not have an overpowering of butter and a balanced crab flavor. My colleague really enjoyed it. The wine selection was notable, however the disappointment came with our steak. The Delmonico steaks were both ordered broiled , we felt they were cooked to perfection but the salt content was over board. The waiter was polite and offered to reorder the steak and we were clear to tell them not to add salt to which the waiter stated after he came with the second steak order they had been lightly Cajun seasoned. My guest tried this different order and we're still shocked it came out still yet heavily salted! 
Dessert was a chocolate cake for the table and this did not disappoint. However this place is to be known for their steak and this is where it failed. Hence 2 stars.
I feel embarrassed that I recommended the Chophouse to them. It's not often physicians and NPs have a chance to relax, when each day in New Orleans was packed with lectures and workshops. We were all looking forward to a nice steak dinner and evening with our colleagues.I went to the chophouse with my GF with high expectations and I have to say that these were met. The place looks really nice and romantic. The lighting is just perfect and in general the interiors are well planned and kept. Beautiful background music with live piano. The meal was gorgeous. Excellent shrimp cocktail for appetizer. We then had a superb redfish and a Cajun style 12 oz steak with spinach and garlic and baked potatoes. The steak was exceptional both in seasoning and cooking. The most important piece of the dinner was very simple: quality . The menu is fairly simple (and a bit too short) but there is clearly some extra care in choosing the right meat and seafood. Note also that hot fresh bread is served and complimentary!
Service was almost perfect (with perfect I mean at renown restaurant level). Bear in mind that you are gonna spend, after tax and tip, something around 70/80 $ per person for a normal dinner. But the place totally deserves that.While walking back from the National WW II Museum, we happened to come across the Chophouse. It was my husband's birthday and our first time in New Orleans so it was "Why Not?" time. Since it was Saturday and we already had plans, we made reservations for Sunday evening. Suffice it to say we were not disappointed. 
Service: Service was great. We had a lovely young lady (blonde) who took care of us all evening. I wish she had given us her name, anyway she was great--also it was my husband's birthday and I told her at the very last minute possible (totally my bad) but she handled it like a trouper and came out with a piece of cake and with nice lighted candle, so my husband was pleased and so was I :) Also,during the meal, the matire' d came over to our table and asked if we were happy with our meal so yes we were happy with both the meal and the service.
Food: We both ordered the strip steak and it was THE BEST we have ever had--cooked perfectly. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. So soft and tender...sigh! My husband loves steak and he enjoyed his steak to say the least. Makes us both sad that we don't live in New Orleans. Ah, the appetizers. Well, I ordered the garlic butter shrimp...perfection! If you don't like shrimp, garlic or  melted butter...don't get it because that is exactly what it is and boy the shrimp are nice, big and plump. My husband ordered the shrimp cocktail and got 3 HUGE shrimp. According to him, it was delicious. And by the way, there was a nice couple from Florida who sat next too us who ordered the onion rings...food snobs, don't  roll your eyes as you have never tasted or seen onion rings like these. They were so big that they offered us an onion ring(they said  no way they could eat all the onion rings) which was big enough to feed the both of us. My first bite was to be polite as I am not crazy about onion rings but after that my husband and I fought for the rest of it ;). Thank you couple from Florida--you guys were fun! 
Sides: I ordered sauteed mushrooms and onions...awwwwwwesoooome! My husband who does not like mushrooms, took a spoonful which I unselfishly let him have since it was his birthday! He ordered the creamy spinach which was so creamy he could not finish it but he did enjoy it.
Bread: Okay-being from San Francisco "Home of the Sourdough", I have to say the bread was just okay but then again the hubby and I think that the bread of every city we have visited is "just okay" (well, except for Paris--not name dropping-just stating a fact). So, since we are prejudiced about the bread, you can look for some else's opinion. We had a great experience and would totally recommend this place to all our friends when they come to visit New Orleans and so close to the National WW II Museum, so after a long day at museum, why not stop by for a steak. Don't forget to make reservations, though. By the way, they called me 3 or 4 minutes after we left the place because I left my sunglasses...Nice.Undoubtedly the best meal I've had in New Orleans. Perfectly caramelised crust on the New York Strip. Crab bisque full of flavour. Even the bread is ultra crisp on the outside with a warm soft core. Wines are a forté. Even the ones ordered by glass breathe a beautiful bouquet from simply being poured. Attention to detail is the order of the day here. Perfect.Make sure you have reservations before you go! I ordered filet mignon and creamed spinach along  mushrooms with onions. It was cooked to perfection. Loved the service, the ambience, there is a piano player inside which makes it even better.
It was a little loud at times but it does not take away the 5 stars I rate. We will definitely come back. Our waiter John was great!
Thank John!In my opinion, the most French-style Chophouse in New Orleans provided with many different ultimate wines.Chophouse is consistently one of my favorite steaks in the city.  It is better than alot of the "name" steak houses.
The quality of the steak is outstanding and that house salad is sooooooo good, service is beyond what's required, ambiance is great (nice decor and live piano), prices are comparable.
When asked which steakhouse I recommend, its always Chophouse! Second only to La Boca (damn I love those fries).DELICIOUS STEAK. My fiancé and I came here for dinner while visiting New Orleans. Reservations are highly recommended. If you are a seafood buff, get the crab bisque. You won't regret it. The seafood selections are limited but that is to be expected at a steakhouse. My fiancé had the strip and I had the filet (both were prepared medium rare). We had the onions and mushrooms as our side. It was plenty of food and the steak were very tender!! Delicious food, attentive staff, intimate ambiance. Really nice meal. Definitely pricey, $150 for two people included 1 soup, 1 salad, 1 wine, 1 bar drink, 2 steaks and 1 side dish. The dessert menu is not very extensive which leads me to believe that they keep it short on purpose so they can turn over the tables faster. However, we were never rushed by our server so it doesn't detract from the experience. Overall, great place if you are craving a great steak. 
The piano player/singer really added to the ambiance of the restaurant. He covered everything from The Eagles to Ed Sheeran.The service was exceptional! Ask for Jason!! The table is set for each course! The best filet I have ever eaten! Try the bacon as an appetizer! You will not regret it!Yuck! The food was not tasty, badly seasoned and over cooked! His steak was tough, my shrimp were over cooked and my lobster tail was not season well. 140.00 short! I will not return. We, made reservations they could not find and I felt like I was not welcome from the moment we was seated. Our waitress did not deliver a name and the manager asked, how was our visit. I explain, I was not happy and he did not one single thing. So, I'm a detractor and will never return. Your cooks need to Lear from Jack Biniom restaurant, because there not on point! Your food is to expensive for this outcome!September 8, 2015 visit.This is another place we went to with our 2.5 year old (we called in advance to make sure that this was ok.  Also, our son tends to behave quite well when we take him out).  Let me start by saying that the New York Style Thick Cut Sizzling Bacon is a great way to start the evening.  All three of us enjoyed this.
For entrees, my wife got the Delmonico Steak and I ordered the Filet Mignon.  Chophouse very likely serves the best meat in New Orleans.  The Creamed Spinach was an excellent side dishe.  The Hashbrowns are pretty much cut up potatoes (not very impressive).  Other than the Hashbrowns, excellent mealService. Service. Service. Number One. Hands down. The professional level of the team here is unmatched. On top of that, the food is amazing. Definitely worth every dollar. I'll be back.Food was amazing. I had the sea bass. Piano player was so talented. Great atmosphere.Keeping this short.  I travel a lot for work. I've eaten at alot of great steak houses. This is the best steak I've Ever had. From service to quality this place is amazing.   Pricey but worth itGreat food! great vibe!  Came here for a business meeting while I was in town for beachbody summit. Will be coming back when I'm in townsWow!!!  I'm speechless. The food and service here is the best in the world!  Had the steaks which were cooked to perfection. The fried lobster tail is the hero though. Who would've guessed. You've got to try this. It's worth flying to NOLA just for this treat. Thank you staff for making our dining experience such a memorable one.Crab bisque was freaking awesome! The bone in rib eye was cooked to perfection and the asparagus and sauce was off the hook.Best dinner choice we made. We started by ordering a couple drinks. Strong but not over poured the drinks were close to perfect (this from a bartender). The salads were enjoyable and not over stated. Bread, served as a medium side loaf, has a crisp exterior with a soft center. The ribeye was very well presented. With good marbling and a decent char to the outside it was good perfect to how it was ordered. The breaded shrimp was presented as well as it was cooked. The asparagus was crunchy and served with an good compliment of hollandaise sauce. The loaded baked potato is the size of a Volkswagen. With a server that was top notch and the cozy atmosphere we enjoyed this restaurant and all it has to offer.The bacon was the best part.  Steak is normal. Atmosphere was a little stuffy and they had a non-existent bar.  It only fit like 6 people at it. Not really a solo friendly place from my experience..  Service was impeccable and friendly.Great dinner, excellent  filet and delicious  appetizers. Love the atmosphere, definitely  recommendedDisappointing at best. Went here on business and we were all shocked at how bad the service and apps we cancelled our dinners and left. The 3 bar drinks at $35 were the best thing we had!  General Manager could care less about his operation as he was outside smoking when we left the restaurant.Wow, probably one of the best, if not the best restaurant I've had the pleasure of experiencing. A party of 8 of us planned a whirlwind 3 day trip to New Orleans from Orange County, California. All 8 of us travel and dine all over the country. Each and every one of us was blown away.
Monday 5/1/2017 was our last night in the city and wanted to end the trip in an epic way...the Chophouse New Orleans exceeded our visions. From the attentive service with a smile wait staff to the incredible seafood and steak dishes it was more than dinner, it was an experience that made you feel very special.
Let's not forget to mention the cocktails that the well skilled bartender treated us with, just amazing. If your looking for a special treat and you love a great seafood platter, please give this place a try, you won't regret it.This place is the bomb.  Great and I mean great service great food. Steaks are tasty, lobster was just right.  
We returned a second night because it was Fat Tuesday and places where closed. Called in and they hooked us up. 
Best of all actual Carnegie Deli New York Cheesecake.    
Without a doubt this is a must eat place. 
Thanks Mike you and you're staff rockGREAT ATMOSPHERE. High energy. Nice bar. Excellent service. Food good, overall.  Steaks were great. Caesar salad, baked shrimp - pretty good. Beef Carpaccio app was great. Sides just average. Piano guy was a nice touch, but everyone was talking over the music, so the noise in the dining room was EXTREMELY LOUD!!! Maybe they should move the piano guy further into the bar.We had reservations but still needed to wait a long time for our table.
The food was good!
The service was kind of ok!Hands down the best service I've ever had. This place is a gem in the CBD.
Great wine list, good cocktails, knowledgeable, attentive staff. The Maitre'd checked on us and everyone was very friendly and gracious.
The food was excellent. My [rather large] party had the seafood appetizer plate and a variety of entrees. Everyone's food was outstanding. The steaks were cooked perfectly and the blackened fish was wonderfully seasoned.
High marks from me for Chophouse.We went to this place hoping to find another great steak house in New Orleans and were disappointed. It wasn't bad food, but it was exceptional either. We will probably just stick with Ruths, LaBoca and Obriens as our top steakhouse restaurants in the area.
We would give it two and a half stars since it wasn't great nor horrible, just middle of the road.
We won't go back.Attentive staff, excellent food! Highly recommend the delmonico steak cajun style. Comes out with a drizzle of cajun sauce which isn't too spicy but adds a nice kick and flavor to the steak.Everything was fabulous! We had a party of 4 we ordered steaks, one of us ordered the steak and lobster. 
Everything just melted in our mouths. The cocktails were good too! My husbands steak was undercooked but they corrected it quickly and he was very happy!
We are from Nashville and this is our second time here, it is always good!  I highly recommend it!Traditional, high end, old school steak house.  I'd take my dad here and he'd be in heaven.  Steak and lobster were excellent.  Seafood platter, so good.  Deep fried lobster, what?  Never had it but it was so good, I drenched it with butter.  Hash browns and creamed spinach were the best sides.  Hearty and delicious, a meat and potatoes persons paradise.  Restaurant was beautiful and service outstanding.A great and eloquent place. Good food and music. I am not sure who the female singer/pianist was but she was very entertaining. I will defiantly go back when I visit NO. Make reservations if go after 6. It filled up quickly. We went around 5 and got in with no problem.We were recommended the place by the hotel concierge. It was average at best.  The place is super dark inside makes you wonder what they are hiding. the staff were either all having a bad day or just plain rude. Everyone from the hostess to the bartender were like I was bothering them.  The filets seemed like good cuts of meat but were way undercooked. We ordered medium well and got maybe medium which we can't stand. We ordered take out so not like we could send back. The onion rings were super dry and the coating was literally brittle breaking into crumbs. The mushroom onion mix is slimy and dripping in whatever they cooked it in.  They charge a premium but offer sub par. Stick with Ruths Chris or Mortons. Don't waste the trip there.Thank you so much to Chophouse for their Veteran's Day special. My wife and I had an amazing dinner there! We also got to meet Chappy, who is one of the best and most attentive bartenders I've ever had the pleasure of being served by. We will definitely be back!After a long day at Jazz Fest and a shower at the Queen and Crescent Hotel around the corner, I walked over to this restaurant for a martini and a nice meal at the bar before turning in for the night. Everything started out great with a perfectly chilled Belvedere martini and and competent keyboard player/singer doing New Orleans and lounge standards. After that, my dinner was a decidedly mixed bag.
The bartender was fine if a bit preoccupied. I mentioned at the outset that I had been at Jazz Fest and he seemed to be listening, but 20 minutes later, he asked me if I had "gone there today." 
I ordered the house salad with blue cheese and bacon, and It was great. Unfortunately, that raised my expectations, which were dashed. The petite filet, which I ordered "rare plus" came out medium and the lyonnaise potatoes I got as a side were cubed, glorified hashbrowns with a decidedly burnt onion taste. 
I will give the server, who wasn't the bartender, credit for boldness however. She asked if was ok to just push the potatoes on my plate since they were supposed to grab them by wielding two table spoons like chopsticks to do it properly, but she confided in me that it was a pain to do so and that more potatoes would likely end up on the floor. I told her anyway to get them on the plate was ok by me.
Technically, I'd give the place 2.5 stars for the first half of the meal and the decent ambiance, but I can't ignore the overcooked entree and side. For a $75 tab for one, it should have been much better.Excellent service and very good dinner.  We started with the fresh Florida crab claws. They were so meaty and good. We both had a delicious filet mignon cooked perfectly as ordered. 
For sides we had onion rings and asparagus. I wasn't a fan of either. Also, had a Caesar salad which was big enough for 3 people--as were the sides. 
The bread and butter were French style in taste and texture. 
It was a lovely spring evening in the courtyard.   If the time of year is right, you'll love it.Very nice, upscale resteraunt. Food was excellent and the service was great. It was a little loud. Even though it was expensive, I would recommend it over any of the chain steakhouses.Went here for my first time told the waiter I wanted a steak. I ordered a chop house steak. The waiter asked me what temperature I wanted it cooked? I told him rare; he did not tell me that the chop house steak was ground up hamburger meat covered in onions. I ate seven bites asking the whole time why is it so tender it falls apart and its full of Grease  he said I know we cook it this way isn't just delicious? no it's raw hamburger meat I'm sick to my stomach ended up throwing up my date couldn't even eat his red fish it was not cooked all the way either. I will not be eating here again.The ambiance of the chophouse is rich, it is a great place to take a visitor to the city or a nice place to go on a date. The few times I have been there they had someone playing the piano. The staff is great and as always gave me great advice with both choosing an appetizer (onion ring tower) and a side for the meal (the loaded potato). The portions for all courses are generous. I had a great experience and I highly recommend dining at the Chophouse for your next special occasion.The steak was DELICIOUS! By far one of the best tasting steaks I have ever had. The sides were just okay. Pretty good but nothing to write home about. 
Enjoyed the crab bisque soup and cheesecake. The cheesecake is huge! Plan to share or take some home. 
If you want a quiet place, this is not the place for you. It's dimly lit but noisy. I liked the sound of plates, the piano and people but can imagine it's a deterrent for some people. The funniest and surprising thing was a customer stood up after about 3 glasses of wine and started singing a opera rendition at the top of her lungs to her tablemates. She caused the pianist and everyone to listen to only her. She had a beautiful voice but I couldn't believe she did that. Naturally N'walins!The food was amazing as well as the service. Four of us went and we all
Loved our meals. The steaks were cooked perfectly. I got the baked shrimp which was out of this world. We got delicious loaded baked potatoes and the bacon appetizer was delicious. Well worth the price. Would
Love to eat at Chophouse again!!!Great atmosphere great steaks!  Basic menu but everything was done to perfection.  We had a late night reservation and the place was still busy.  Waiter was on point,great recommendations. Plenty of table sides to share.  Martinis were top notch!  We will definitely be back on our next visit to New Orleans.Food was amazing, definitely get the baked shrimp! The portions were just the right size and were easily devoured. Also has quite an extensive wine menu! Entrées were a bit expensive but definitely worth the price! Only downside is that it was very hard to hear the waiter.
The cheesecake was amazing! Make sure ask for strawberries and hot fudge on the side for it, you'll die from pleasure.The redfish almondine......OMG you just can't get any better than this!!!!! We just can't resist the almonds on top of the crunchy batter surrounding the perfectly prepared melt in your mouth fish! Our compliments to the chef....the wait service is always impeccable and friendly as well. To add to the ambiance? Just open up your ears to the pianist/singer whom entertains during your INCREDIBLE meal. Do not pass this place up.Chophouse is the best steakhouse in New Orleans. Yes, it is better than Ruth's Chris steakhouse. The chefs do a great job at searing the steak. It has an excellent crispy outer texture to go with the soft chewy center. Ruth's comes in a close second place for me, and after that I would say Morton's at Canal Place.The steak of prime was huge for one person and absolutely mouth watering and delicious!!! 
The ambience was lovely with live music and service was efficient. The bread loaf and steak fries were wonderful sides too. Coming back for that steak again soon!PERFECT!  That's the only way to describe our experience at the Chop House New Orleans. The food, ambience and live music create the perfect dining experience. My wife and I had the filet with lobster and topped it off with cheesecake for desert. Hands down the best steakhouse in New Orleans. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for the perfect dining experience.Incredible dining experience.  We had reservations at another local steakhouse but our hotel bartender persuaded us to make the switch.  So glad we did!  Delicious steak and impeccable service!  We will be back!!You need three things for an amazing dining experience--great ambiance, excellent service and amazing food quality and this place has it all. We loved the location not in the FQ but close enough withing walking distance. The dinning room wasn't overly noisy or quite and there is a nice patio area with heaters. It's a very comfortable setting. The service was excellent and attentive but not stifling as some places will overwhelm you with service and never leave you a moment to enjoy your drinks, meal or have a conversation without being interrupted. The menu was straight forward and we immediately knew what we want. Steaks! A 40oz double porterhouse for me and a 20oz ribeye for the wife. I've had big steaks before and it always comes out medium to rare towards the bone. It's a hard steak to get it medium. Not only did they cook it to temp but the cutting it open off the bone and letting it rest made the steak even better. The Maitre D' come over and we discussed steaks for a bit. He was knowledgeable and generally cared that we got our food they way we asked. Those steak fries were huge and the sauce was excellent. The asparagus was great and not those little ones you often get from other places. That key lime pie must be the best one in the City. It's that good, Chophouse NOLA is best called Steakhouse NOLA and is our new favorite place for steaks. #chophouseNOLAWe decided to do another steak house for our second  night in NOLA, as we were very disappointed by our first nights unnamed  choice.
I am so glad that we chose the Chophouse.
It was a day and night experience. The Chophouse steaks are great. I had the center  cut ribeye...fantastic. cooked to a medium rare perfection. My wife had the small 8 oz. Filet....so tender you did not need a knife!  
Order the Lyonnaise potatoes....a huge mound of fried potatoes with caramelized onions.....fantastic!
Overall a wonderful experience. Wonderful service....wonderful food, and great
Atmosphere.  We are definitely going backJohn was the best server that I have ever encountered. His timing and suggestions were superb. My steak was amazing as well but I was completely blown away by the service.I'm in NOLA for work and was looking for a great steakhouse experience. I was a little torn on whether or not to write a review, since I felt like my experience may have been user error. However, at the end of the day, there were some things the Chophouse could have done to make my experience better. 
I ordered the chopped steak of prime aged beef, along with a baked potato and asparagus. I topped off my meal with a Key Lime pie. Let's break down the food . . . 
Chopped Steak of Primed Aged Beef - yuck! I guess I thought this was something else. They should rename it the ground beef patty with a pound of onions dumped on top. I ordered it medium and it was really rare. I had a bloody hamburger mess on my plate and a ton of onions I had to navigate through. I could not eat this. The thing that upset me was that I was eating at a steak restaurant and never once did anybody ask me how my steak was or if it was cooked to my satisfaction. Again, I'm the one that ordered it, but I was not pleased and I would not recommend anybody ordering this! 
Baked Potato - I'm kind of a baked potato snob and they surpassed my expectations on this portion of the meal. It was delicious.
Asparagus - Don't bother. $8 for three stalks of tough, non-flavored asparagus. No good. 
Bread & Butter - excellent
Key Lime Pie - excellent, excellent, excellent
Point being, I had a real problem with my food. I could not believe that nobody asked me how my food was . . . even when it was apparent I did not eat much of it. My service was ok, but I had to request drink refills, etc. I chalked this up to dining solo. I guess I just had higher-hopes for my experience. I will say the atmosphere was very nice. They had a piano player who sang and was very good. I would definitely give this place another shot, but will certainly order something different!My wife and I had dinner there on Sunday July 27.  Our server was the lovely April, very attentive with a great personality.  While the concierge at Harrah's advised us that there were better steakhouses in the area to go to, we are glad we did not take his advise.  This place is truly a cut above the rest, from the generous drink pours,
great salads and just a perfectly cooked medium rare 16 oz strip, which we split.
If you are in the downtown area, as far as I am concerned, this place is a must see.Exceeds all expectations.   Service is what you'd expect at a fine dining establishment.  The sizzling butter on my dish that perfectly complimented the tender fillet is amazing.  What are you waiting for? Go now!Everything about this place was great! The service was excellent, our waiter was very attentive and personable. There was a very nice ambiance to the place, and the live music was wonderful. The crab bisque was exquisite! I also had the ribeye, asparagus and potato skins. All were very good, but the bisque was the best.
Overall i had a great experience at this place, and i will definitely return.Overall, I love this place. Stone carbs are amazing and fresh, when they are in season. The filet was cooked just right, I did think it was a little dry for me, however at least it was not oversaturated in butter. I would not get the hamburger steak, they need to remove this from the menu. Onion rings and fries are massive in size, can be split among the table. The bleu cheese dressing that comes with the onion rings is the best I have ever had at any restaurant.The chophouse salad is average, nothing to brag about. Creamed spinach and asparagus are also good sides, tasty. Baked potatoes are also large and come dressed. Key lime pie is very good, very sweet but savory and whipped cream is freshly made. Cheesecake is heavy, I did not care for the berries, too syrupy. Fresh berries (without the sugar) would be perfect.  The chocolate cake is huge and is very sweet and comes with ice cream, very good for a table of 4 or more. Irish coffee is creamy and looks just like the picture above. The service is always polite, organized and professional. They have a wide variety in their wines and they are not too expensive as compared to other restaurants in the same category. They also have valet, which is a big plus. I would recommend a reservation. I will continue to go back.The rib eye was amazing, I knew it was going to be a great steak just by looking at it. The steak was cooked to perfection, simply amazing. The juices eminating from this find slab of beef was enough to set me on a path to meat nirvana.The onion rings and steak fries were uneventful but who cares steak houses are all about the beef. The crab cocktail was fresh and flavorful as was the beef carpacio. We passed on desert as the offerings were mundane at best. The service was good not great but again who cares!!!!!
My only complaint was being sat by the back doors on a very cold evening, the draft was horrible. I would recommend avoid sitting in the back of the house if possible.I've eaten at all of the high end steakhouses in Vegas as well as other big names like Luger's, Spark's,  etc.
This place is on par with all of them. 
Shared the porterhouse, crab bisque, house salad, stone crab, lyonaisse potatoes, cream spinach, and key lime pie.
All were top notch save for the potatoes.Dinner for first time last night.  Nice small dining room with warm exposed brick, white table cloths, jacketed waitstaff.  Close table settings.  Very small bar and a few high tops for cocktails.
Service was very good, attentive yet removed...that is, the waiter read our needs very well, and had a friendly, professional attitude.  
The woman who served our cocktails was amongst the finest servers I have ever encountered. A true asset for this restaurant, but an even greater asset for NOLa in general.  The city should use her as the poster child for hospitality in it's tourism campaigns. 
Food:  A simple shrimp cocktail that was cooked and chilled as it should be. Gulf shrimp.  Strip steak, 18 oz.  Cooked perfectly mid rare, very well trimmed and truly USDA aged prime.  Succulent, flavorful, perfectly seasoned... not too much salt.  One of the 2 best steakhouse steaks I've had this year (I eat at all the big steakhouses around the US and Canada).
Far above Mortons, Ruths, Smiths, Palm in quality.  Far.  Only Grill 23 in Boston does a steak this well.
Hash browns were more like home-fries (small cubes), but quite good.  Asparagus was good, although they were too "fat". Hollandaise was decent.
Small menu, but that's OK; it's about steak.  Dessert menu is lacking imagination and selection.  Key lime pie is quite good.
REASON why I gave it four stars not 5:  Way too loud.  Other than that, if you are reading this, stop, and go eat at this restaurant! I can't wait to go back.
Cin cin!A pretty good choice for a steak, no doubt.  My 8 oz. filet was ordered black and blue and came back perfectly prepared. Very good quality cut of beef. Garlic spinach for a side was very well-prepared. Service was attentive (ate at the bar).
My only disappointment was the carpaccio.  They put too much stuff on it.  Too much mustard, too much salt, too much balsamic.  You couldn't taste the meat.  Good carpaccio needs only a sprinkling of salt, pepper and  a little olive oil. Otherwise, everything else was great.
Ambience was good.  The décor was very classy without being stuffy. The piano bar lady was nice but candidly, she should stick to playing and leave the singing off.  She played well, but the singing, not so much.   She sounded like a cross between George Jessel  and Sting. That ain't good for anybody, but particularly not for a woman.The ambiance is very nice. The food, not so much. The steak fries were under cooked. I ordered a ribeye medium. It was medium rare in the middle and they like to char the steaks. Not good flavor to me.The food was amazing!! I had the Delmonico steak Cajun style. With a side of creamed spinach and the sautéed mushrooms & onions. The flavors were excellent! The service was great too. Definitely going back!My fav restaurant hands down the food and the big chocolate cake just make my heart melt .. friendly staff .. Excellent!!!!This is really good food at really decent prices. The waiters are fantastic but it is the first restaurant that I have been to that didn't give anything to honor special occasions. I went for m birthday and received a card which was picked up w/the plates! Overall it was a lovely evening but the singer was dreadful. There's usually a female singer who is amazing but tonight it was a male.Unlike some of the other reviews I do give the Chophouse 5 stars. Went to New Orleans to support our son in his first full marathon. We stayed one extra night after all the young folks went back to Virginia. Having spent several nights in Bourbon street partaking of what is suppost to be the best food around, we had enough. No more po boys, fried seafood and murky gumbo. We made reservations and walked across the street, warmly greeted and seated right away. All I can say is WOW, possible the best meal we ever had, Delmonico steak grilled to perfection shared with my wife in exchange for some of her twin lobster tails. Outstanding, we really did not need the side which was half potatoe wedges and half onion rings. Everything was just amazing. The price is high but we thought it was worth ever cent. A great way to end our trip.World-renowned for a reason. I highly recommend the Thick bacon appetizer, a curiously gourmet dish of the simplest form, the steaks were legendary! This restaurant opens at 5pm, is not part of The St. James Hotel, but is contained within it, and does its room service. During my stay at the St. James, I ordered RS three times, all meals outstanding.Phenomenal. Up there with the best steaks I've ever had. Definitely go with the filet. Just wish they had mac 'n cheese on the menu.Solid steakhouse in the CBD. Not sure if I would regularly shell out the money for this steak, but it's a nice treat.
LOCATION
A few blocks off Canal Street, it's a large dining room with a bar area and some nice live music during dinnertime. The dining room was really dark for some reason (to the point where I couldn't read a book at 5PM)
SERVICE
I originally sat at the bar as there were no open tables, and the service there was quite slow; however, a hostess then moved me to the regular dining room and the waiters there were very attentive and caring.
FOOD
I had the Delmonico steak Cajun style, medium rare. Cajun style means they rub the steak with spices and  broil it. The middle of the steak was well cooked, but the edges were a little too burnt and salty for my taste. Solid steak, but not really what you would get in NYC for that price.  Will have to try a non-Cajun style item if I'm back!I'd have given them a zero. After setting a reservation,we arrived and they were not able to accommodate us, they offered us the table in the bar that we could have had a hour and 45 minutes earlier. While other patrons sit at the table drinking water who were there when we arrived a hour and 45 minutes earlier. A large party of 6 arrive and they get seated right away. Needless to say 1 block away at the Harrahs's Casino is a great steakhouse called Besh Steak. 
My suggestion is skip chophouse and save yourself time make a reservation at Besh Steak you won't be sorry, we had a great steak dinner that looked as if it were from a top restaurant, with a great chef. Everything was just perfect.
I want to add that we waited 15 minutes past our reservation time before we left and walked around the corner to the casino, where we are treated like customers who they appreciated to see. 
As for my vacation dollars I will not be spending them at a chophouse ever.New Orleans perfect place for a business dinner with good layout of choices for entrees and sides.Very adequate food and service. Would not recommend. Seriously, if looking for great food and service in New Orleans, look elsewhere. Service is lacking.Excellent staff, impeccable food. Crab cocktail appetizer, two sauces. Delmonico cut at table to share, creamed spinach ( out of this world), asparagus grilled( waiters idea) AND an order of onion rings. Hands down best I have ever had. Light flavorful batter.
Did I say excellent staff? Nothing was forgotten. No attention to detail missed. Table crumbed perfectly! Necessary with delicious New Orleans French bread.
Will recommend to all and will be back soon!
Thanks for a terrific evening!Martin our waiter was awesome along with the Redfish! The Cajun spice for the steak was a tad to salty for my taste...We made reservations the same day (Tuesday) with no problem. The service was prompt and complete. It is the usual great high-end steakhouse place. Expect $100+ per person for the full experience.I was here Saturday and my steak was cook perfect, I had spinach on the side it had a hint of cinnamon which made it perfect.  My waiter was very knowledgeable about the wines, my time their was awesome.Oh Chophouse, how I wanted to give you more stars, but alas at the end of the day the food is what matters the most.  I had heard about a new steakhouse in town and some coworkers were also interested to try someplace new.  We had dinner at Chophouse early last Wednesday night.  The decor was very classy and there was live music.
I had the crab bisque to start and it was fantastic, probably the best crab bisque I've ever had.  My friends also had the bisque and really liked it as well.  I shared the porterhouse for two and it was only okay.  I don't know if I had maybe set my expectations too high since I was kind of expecting Peter Luger, which maybe wasn't fair.  My steak was just too charred for my liking, all I could taste was the char.  We shared some sides of creamed spinach, asparagus, and onion rings.  The creamed spinach was very good.  The onion rings were lightly fried or the batter was lighter than others, you could say they were almost fluffy.
The service was some of the best service I've had in town.  I really wanted to give this place more stars, but like I said earlier, the food is what matters most and I can't honestly give them more than 3 stars right now.A good steakhouse when in a pinch. Service was excellent, food was great but could use more options....ie au gratin potatoes and scallops. Liked it .Fantastic meal! Steaks were great, and the unexpected star of the show was the lobster. Appetizers were great as well- the thick cut bacon (basically pork belly) was excellent. The creamed spinach and onion rings were very good. Salad dressings were homemade- we tried Brooklyn French and blue cheese and they were great. Bar and live music were a plus. No room for dessert but would go back in a heartbeat!Interesting spot in the French Quarter... during my time spent here, I looked all over this area for a chill, non-touristy place to grab dinner and a glass of wine.  This fit the bill in some aspects.
While it was not inundated with tourists, I can't call it terribly chill.  I still felt as if I was sitting at a spot where they would happily sell me a logo-emblazoned t-shirt.  Ugh.
The food was acceptable, but rather pricey - presentation was completely absent. My steak was perfectly fine, but forgettable.
All-in-all, I would return, but only on someone else's dime.So I'm at the Chophouse and I'm thinking it should be good. Wow! The steak was as good as it gets for a restaurant! And the shrimp appetizer was perfect. Now I'm sitting at the piano with Amanda and thinking what a beautiful nightStill, hands down, the best steak we've EVER had.  I had a filet mignon, and my husband and niece and nephew all split a 40oz porterhouse that was pre-cut 3 ways!  Cooked to perfection, tender as all get out, seasoned well, and served on hot plates.  Best potatoes - baked potato, lyonnaise potatoes, and what they call steak fries.  We had 1 main waiter, and 3 other sub-waiters serving and servicing our table throughout our leisurely meal.  Amazing food served by amazing waitstaff.  Had live music playing in the bar, too!Chop house was nice... smells really good when you walk in .. the staff and service are very nice and attentive.... drinks are well made 
(cobbler bobbler - order it perfect drink for a ribeye) 
Food : I ordered the 22 oz. Bone on in ribeye  medium (HOT red center) as per my waiter which would have been perfect  nice charred outside tender inside... 
When my steak came out it was basically a blue steak... raw inside not even warm (palm test or something my man sheesh tryna kill me!!  joking) 
Sent it back (which I dread doing)  it came back out cooked perfect.... had it come out cooked correctly my experience would have been much better... a steak house at this cost should never mess up a steak!!! a $59 steak at that!!!! 
They corrected the issue for the most part but I will say this would never happen at crescent city steaks and my steak at crescent city steaks was better ....
I kept a good attitude but this really pissed me off... overall it was a good night... but it was not the as advertised "best steak in New Orleans" ... and I ordered the best they had...  top 5 yes but not top 3 maybe next time my steak will be edible when I get it...Soooo disappointed in this establishment!  The porterhouse came out raw (purple) on the inside, even though I ordered it medium well and specified nothing more than a tiny bit of pink. Sent it back, but still came back rare in the middle. Sent it back for the second time. This time, it came out cut in small pieces and absolutely charred. How does an expensive steak house put out food  like this? To  make matters worse, it was a manager that delivered it to our table. Did he not even look at what he was delivering? 
The sides were so-so. Grilled asparagus was tasteless and over-cooked. Loaded baked potato was very dry. Hash browns were literally little cubes of potato, no better than the plain frozen potatoes from the market. The onion rings were very good. 
The noise level was over the top and the piano player's magnified voice really didn't help matters either. 
Overall, a very disappointing experience.
Update: Thank you for your prompt response, however I cannot imagine that ANYONE would want a charred/completely black steak. I'm sure you are aware that the charred material is actually a carcinogen. I can see from the comments of others that ours is not an isolated occurrence. It would behoove your establishment that your chefs practice a healthier cooking method and only char steaks at the request of the customer.Dinner & business Social Fav!  Absolutely love the baked shrimp w/ lump crabmeat...and cocktails too the charts.All around delicious! We took a little break from all the amazing local eateries to experience a great chophouse! Started with a great selection of wines, Cade is one of our favorite wine selections. We leisurely moved on to salads and enjoyed our perfectly prepared steaks to temperature! Stuffed ourselves with very large side of baked potatoes and sadly didn't leave enough room for dessert! At the end of the night we decided to walk off the food and found our way to cafe du monde ;) Great time, we will be back!We ate here because it was dark outside, we'd just got into town, and it was the closest thing to our hotel. It was near closing time and we didn't feel like getting dressed up (this is a fancier restaurant) so we called and order take-out. This place would be much better for a date night.
When we walked in we were sent to the bar to pick up our food but it wasn't ready yet so we we just sat there and twiddled our thumbs. The bartender didn't give us a second glance or offer us a drink while we waited. That's fine, we know you were ready to get off work but it's not hard to be friendly and you just missed out on an easy tip.
We ended up ordering several appetizers because 1. we weren't too hungry 2. there was only two of us and 3. we wanted to try as much as possible. We ordered Crab bisque, baked shrimp, steamed asparagus, key lime pie and it came with bread/butter. Overall food was very good but full of butter (not the healthiest of meals). We spent about $50We had an early reservation for dinner so we could walk it off in the French Quarter. Our server Drew was excellent as was his support staff of bussers, etc. They were very attentive and pleasant to deal with. It was also a nice atmosphere.
They have an extensive list of wines. We had a Malbec and it was delicious. We started with classic Caesar salad which was a substantial starter. We both opted for the Delmonico steak which is a boneless ribeye coated with a 4 season Cajun butter. It was perfectly prepared per our order. We also ordered and individual side of the creamed spinach and a loaded baked potato (which was prepared table side). Both the spinach and potato was enough to share with each other. 
It is a pricey endeavor but it was our splurge in New Orleans and we'll worth it!The food was great and the service was top notch.  I had the center cut ribeye, which was an excellent piece of meat  that was cooked perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this place for an excellent steak.Outrageous is an understatement......staff, food and ambiance a six if you could.....any 1 to 3 stars can only be pathetic complainers with unsophisticated pallets. Don't believe their miserable rants. They deserve Micky D's.....We had a fabulous meal here tonight! We had a reservation but when we arrived decided to eat in the bar area closer to the mellow sounds of the piano jazz singer. 
The ambiance was very romantic 
Our server Wendy was very knowledgeable about the menu and guided us to a delicious wine selection and gave us advice on how to order our steaks the way we like them. My husband and I both ordered the center cut ribeye and they was delicious! We also had the cream spinach and lyonnaise potatoes (Home fryish potatoes with onion that are broiled giving them a crunchy topping-outrageous!)
Rashon was very cordial as he kept our table properly appointed with anything we needed.
The manager stopped by several times to make sure we were satisfied. Extremely professional and accommodating.
Can't say enough about how much we enjoyed our experience. Highly recommended.For a chop house not worth it. Just okay at best. Steak was average service okay steak fries were burt on outside too soft insideI could not give this a 4 even if I tried.  I just say this place is "stupid good"...there was nothing that we ordered that was not gobbled up. Almost embarrassing to eat like that.  We wanted the onion rings and couldn't justify having them so we had the bright idea to have them as a starter.  The server suggested just getting 5 of the rings..but no that sounded too small for 3 of us so we got the 10.  Should have taken her suggestion.  They were huge and so so good.  House salad with blue cheese dressing was great.  We shared the large bone in rib eye and it was delicious a bit undercooked for medium rare but the meat was of such high quality it didnt matter.  The sides were great. Service was excellent and very professional.  Not the least bit intrusive.  No room for dessert..maybe next time.The best dining experience I've had in a very (very) long time. Service is impeccable, steak... absolute perfection.The center cut ribeye filet was the best steak that I've ever had.    I hate to say this but it blows Ruth Chris out of the water.   I will always return to this restaurant whenever I come to New Orleans.   Everything was excellent.   My steak was so good that I would come back to New Orleans just to go to this restaurant.Oh boy, I couldn't say enough good about this place. We stayed next door at the St. James hotel for four nights. We were in town to celebrate the wife's birthday. I saw the place and wanted to go there. We decided that her birthday dinner would be celebrated her. We did and it was a hit!!!!! We both had the New York strip steak Cajun style. OMG. I won't say it was the best steak I have ever had but it's definitely runner up for first. The reviews I read raved about the onion rings but I'm a steak fry guy. I was delighted to see an option on the menu for 1/2 onion ring and half steak frys. The wife and I split that side and still had to get a to go box to bring leftover home. That may be because I also couldn't resist ordering the huge loaded baked potato that I kept seeing get delivered to the tables near me. (It is huge!) but I was full before I even dug into the potato. So I had to get a box for that too!!!
This is definitely a higher end restaurant. The steaks were pretty high dollar and the sides were alacarte. So the bill was up there!!! But it definitely was worth every penny. My only regret was that since we are out of towners we didn't have some nicer clothes to wear for the evening. But that was no fault of the restaurant. If you  have the dough for a nice dinner go here. You won't regret it. Attire is casual so come as you are.I dined at this establishment last night for the first time. I and my business associates,travel to New Orleans quite frequently, and have heard good things. To start there is no parking available being that the restaurant is located at the heart of Magazine street, but they offer complimentary valet service which was excellent. The valet Devin was courteous and very polite when he introduced himself. He opened mine and my dates door as well as the restaurant door,and when i was done dining i came out prepared to retrieve my car and he had it already up front WITH the heater running,as it was very cold last night. Overall that was the start to a great experience.
The overall experience of the restaurant and my dining experience was phenomenal. I ordered the thick cut bacon as an appetizer and the porterhouse for two as the entrée, and everything was cooked to perfection,our server was exceptional,the drinks were not watered down,and the live music really added another dimension to our dining experience.
The prices were on par with any other 5 star steakhouse. And you most definitely get what you pay for and then some.
Overall  from top to bottom everything was fantastic from Devin the valet, Charlotte the hostess,to our server to the piano player,all these things have made my choice for me and my business associates to come here in droves for our future visits to the city of New Orleans.Professionally operated with the customer and food as priority #1
We stopped in early on a Sunday evening, greeted by the General Manager. Had no reservation but on a busy evening he found a very nice table for us.  Comp, apps were served, and were guided into the very nice menu.
The NY Sirloin was properly served by our waiter along with the creamed spinach. The salad was loaded with blue cheese snd bacon.
I would go back to this restaurant next time i'm in town.  The Chophouse of New Orleans, remind me of the GREAT steak restaurants in the 80's in NYCBad experience here.. looks fancy but food was not cooked to par especially for their outrageous prices. Order lobster, filet mignon and loaded baked potato. Other people in party ordered steak and dinner fries. The only good here was the tequila but can't go wrong with bottle liquor. Again steak was nasty and not cooked well. Came out red then when I mentioned it, it came back roasted and burnt. I would never go here again.One of my favorite steaks in downtown New Orleans. I have eaten here multiple times and have never had a bad meal. I always get the NY strip and a fried lobster tail. The strip is prime beef at its best and the lobster is amazing. For dessert I recommend the cheese cake or the chocolate cake large enough for the whole table.One of the best steak houses in New Orleans moderately priced for a melt in your mouth steak. By no means cheap but worth the cost in my opinion.I have had dinner at a few chop house restaurants. I stopped in to get a drink with friends at this location.  The bartenders are very knowledgeable and friendly.  They make a mean martini and and old fashioned.  The manager checked on us twice.  Highly recommend.We had a large group of eight. They were able to take a reservation (even during jazz fest) and accommodate our size in a very comfortable
Let me just start with some general comments.... everybody there, I mean everybody there has a smile on their face.  Everything about this experience was clean and luxurious.
To start the night, their bar was small (quaint) and quaint and well stocked.
Food was simply amazing. Following the servers recommendations we started with the seafood sampler and each of our eight just loved their meals. Everyone, everyone, everyone explained that it was the best that they had ever had.
The end the night, the restaurant manager came over and we happily gave him many accolades for the service, the food, the atmosphere, the everything
Truly the highlight of our New a Orleans experience.Rather than the franchises steakhouses around our group came to Chophouse instead. We waited about 20 mins as there was another large group (wedding) wrapping up. Loved the vibe of this place: live piano at the bar, solid dirty martini, excellent wine selection and steak. Our servers were attentive. Overall a good time at the chophouse!Food was rapidly served, assistant servers were great, personable, prompt and professional. Unfortunately server service was appalling.  Not very observant - had to be reminded I was sat, apparently too busy catching up with fellow servers mingling around the register. Also found his attitude rather offish and brash.The Chophouse is an embodiment of everything a steakhouse should be. The service is great, food usually comes out very promptly, and it has a very old school fine dining feel to it that is missing from many modern steakhouses. One time I went in and our waitress remembered exactly what we ordered the time before. This was a month later, and she wasn't even the person waiting on us during out previous visit. I wish I could remember her name.
Looking at the menu, you can tell the main focus is meat. I get the impression that the apps are more of an afterthought which is fine by me. Honestly, even one of their smaller cuts is a ton of food, and I'm a pretty big eater. Something that really stands out is the fried lobster tails. I was a bit skeptical at first; in my mind, it seems that fried lobster would end up being chewy. I couldn't have been more wrong! I actually ended up liking the lobster better than their steaks! It literally just melts in your mouth.
The meat is very good, if I get lobster then I go for the delmonico cut. It never fails, it's tender, fatty, and has a good sized rib cap on it. If I'm just eating steak then the bone in ribeye it is.
As far as sides go, my two favorites are the onion rings with blue cheese sauce and the creamed spinach. The onion rings are colossal! The mushrooms and onions can be hit or miss, guess it just depends on who's in the kitchen.
Their cocktails are pretty solid, I'm a fan of their old fashioneds and the cobbler. Solid wine list too.
I've never made it to dessert, but the cheesecake looks great! They fly it in from Carnegie deli in NY! One day I'll make it!Everything was perfect! Food, service, drinks and even the lovely lady playing the piano. Best steak in New Orleans!We chose Chophouse after being exhausted with the seafood/fried everything that is New Orleans dining. We went on a Friday evening. We made reservations and we were very surprised that they'd be able to accommodate us on such short notice. We arrived about 10-15 minutes early and were seated right away. The restaurant is still in the downtown area where all the action is, but tucked away from the craziness of the French Quarter, which makes for a great, relaxed dining experience.
The ambiance is amazing. Dimly lit & absolutely stunning. Perfect for a romantic evening or an anniversary dinner. There were a few couples, quite a few open tables. But there was a loud birthday group that was kind of annoying. It was maybe 10 of them. I definitely understand celebrating, but at this caliber restaurant, you shouldn't be allowed to get so rowdy. They definitely had the attention of the staff. One of the chefs even spent about half an hour at their table, joking and egging them on. He even did a shot with them, which I felt was incredibly tacky and distasteful.
The musician on the piano was a nice touch. She was a bit off key, lol but this is New Orleans. There's enough room for all art forms.
Our waiter was great. He answered questions we had about the menu & was friendly. The warm French bread with butter is a great NOLA touch, we enjoyed it. We had the crab bisque, spinach for the table, baked potatoes-honestly the best I've ever had, and the chopped aged beef steak. 
Two complaints: the chopped steak is disgusting. It's literally a hamburger. It was smothered in thick  cut onions and was not flavorful at all. They should just call it Salisbury steak instead of trying to jazz it up & make it sound so fancy. Or better yet, remove it from the menu. I'm sure we aren't the only people that found it disgusting. I mean, it was ridiculous. Also, we had sparkling water. We were never offered a cocktail menu or wine list, which I thought was strange. And our water was not refilled. Not a single time. We were literally trying to fork down this disgusting ground beef mush with nothing to wash it down. We didn't complain or report it to the manager, because our waiter was really friendly and the servers were extremely professional and polite. But we should not have to ask to have water glasses refilled. A simple touch, a shame that it was overlooked. 
Also, it was a little weird to be able to see right into the kitchen. It wasn't awful & it's not like we could hear conversations or anything, but we could definitely see the chefs laughing and talking. Not a big deal, just not what I'm accustomed to. 
Still, we did have a really good time. As I stated before, the ambiance was really relaxing and it felt good to be there. Now that we know exactly what not to order, I'm sure our next visit will be 5 star. We'll be back soon and we are looking forward to it.The service was very good. The del Monico steak was great. The stand out items were the bacon and seafood platter appetizers.The live piano music made the atmosphere. The service was very good. All of the items were prepared properly. Would definitely recommend.I decided to check this place out, and it seemed like the typical high end steak house. Ruth Chris comes to mind, complete with the crumbs removed from your table at the end of your meal. The food and service were top notch, as is the wine selection, and the menu selection. Of course all of that is to be expected when spending $100/person on a fairly basic dinner.Our first visit and were not disappointed.  Chose to sit at the bar and so glad we did.  For the next 2 1/2 hours we enjoyed the singing and piano talent of "Michael"(Fri &Mon eves.).  Never took a break and so much fun, singalong of great classics.  Super selections in wine by the glass and the 16oz steak we shared was the best we've had in years!  We will return!Yum - this place had perfect service, steak, everything delicious and we will definitely return when in the city. Excellent flavor of Caesar dressing and could not have asked for a better experience. Jazz guy great.Came to New Orleans just for mardi gras. The first night me and my friends came here we were having trouble finding a place. We then eyed the chophouse sign. Going up to it you just know it's a very nice and fancy place. Arrived with amazing service. It was so good we came here again for our last night at New Orleans. I had the New York strip 10oz again. By far the best steak I had. It looks not that big but it was so good and filling. Also ordered the baked potato which came out really good. By far my favorite place. It is a bit expensive but definitely well worth it. Will come here every time I visit New Orleans.This place was amazing! The baked shrimp was absolutely wonderful.  They gave 6 large shrimps and I split a bake potato since the potato was large enough to share ..The steaks was cooked to perfection and had great flavoring. We were so stuffed we just couldn't have desserts..I did noticed a table had ordered 2 slices of Chocolate cake which the slice was large enough to share with at least 3 other people. 
The waiter we had was so nice and gave us great guidance and advise on the menu. 
You won't be disappointed having dinner here!Very nice to have sat a party of 12 at 9:45 knowing we were most likely going to stay until 11:30-- service was very very attentive as we became the only people in the restaurant. My steak was a tad over cooked but still a great piece of meat. The seafood sampler appetizer was very well! Heavy pours for any liquor drinks. Key lime pie is a tad bit rich for my taste. Chocolate cake is moist and decadent. Thanks so much for having us NOLA ;PMy new favorite steakhouse! Delicious food, excellent service and the best key lime pie! I don't know if my experience could have been any better had I wanted it to!Had a late meal here and it was everything you want from a steakhouse.
Good prices, great cocktails and servers were superb.
Highly recommended.I was craving a good steak and this is probably the best Delmonico steak I have ever had. Perfectly caramelized on the outside to a crispy salty spicy T and oh so tender and luscious. 
Split it though, it's humongous and you'll need room for dessert. The key lime pie is to die for. 
Oh, and the service here? Slightly formal, precise and skilled, yet friendly.Wow, great little find on Magazine street.
I had a birthday dinner here and can't say enough about it.
The bar is a bit small, but the piano player/singer really added to the classy feeling here.
Dining area is small but we didn't feel crowded at all...and the place stayed busy on a Saturday night.
Drinks were good and the food was excellent.  The chocolate cake is huge, popular, and could feed four easily!  However, to me it was the down side to the meal...it was just too dense and heavy for my taste.
Absolutely best part was our server, Danny, and his support.  
Danny did an amazing job and I would return just for his service...though the food is also worth returning for.
Overall excellent place for a great meal!OH MAN!  I made a reservation on Open Table for 7 of us who had flown into NO for my husband surprise 50th birthday party.  THIS PLACE was really, really nice. 
They had our table ready.   The service was exceptional! 
The food so good, hot, tasty, incredible. 
The drinks came fast and the pours were great.  
It was a bit loud in the restaurant, but all in all we had a blast. 
Dress is dressy casual and dont forget to try the Baked Shrimp, its the best I have ever had!Excellent filet 14oz filet mingon - cooked perfectly medium rare!  Definitely a fan of their crab bisque and the lump crab meat cocktail - huge chunks of chilled crab with cocktail or remoulade sauce.  Wanted to try the chocolate cake for dessert, but not for $25 I don't!We can to Chophouse to celebrate our 3rd anniversary. While we didn't notify the staff that it was our anniversary, we were conversing with a patron and mentioned it in passing. When we were seated, we were giving an anniversary card and well wishes! They treated us so nicely and the food was amazing!!!! I had the lobster tails and my husband had the filet. The food was melt in your mouth delicious! The staff is top notch! Thank you guys for such a great night!!!I called to make a reservation (for my husbands birthday) a week in advance. Upon reading other reviews, I came across a picture of a "Happy Anniversary" card so I figured to ask if they can do a Happy Birthday one. The lady who I spoke to said that's not a problem & they will have it on the table. I also said I wanted to do the chocolate cake with a candle (since they don't have anything to write happy birthday with) - understandable...  I called again the night before just to make sure everything was ok. And over the phone everything sounded great! Anyway, we got there we had to WAIT FIFTEEN MINUTES to be seated.. I have never in my life made a reservation somewhere and had to WAIT to be seated!! A table cleared and we were seated, and there wasn't a happy birthday card on the table. We also didn't get the chocolate cake! If it were possible to rate the food separate from the service I would give the steak 5 stars, that was the only thing that I was content with.Food is ok but service is slooooooooooowwwwww. And poor service for the prices they charge. Don't come hungry.Crab bisque was the best. Bone in ribeye was great. Very cool old school steak house. Dark, piano player, great atmosphere. The service and staff are exactly what you would expect and how you would want it to be. Server was very good and offered great suggestions, SA was on point, Manager stopped by to check in. Seriously great experience! Nice break from the beautiful noise of this great city!Excellent food at reasonable prices for a steakhouse.the piano bar is especially juice touch all the dishes we had were top notch as well as the management and staffThis is probably the nicest fine dining restaurant I've visited as far as atmosphere and decor are concerned. It's beautiful. Not too crowded, not too loud. Attentive service but not overkill. The grouchy and none-to-helpful male bartender made our pre-reservation wait time awkward as did the fact that 10 people were waiting in the tiny bar, which is mostly full of set tables awaiting diners so there's nowhere to sit. I worried that would set the tone for the night but thankfully thing improved as soon as we were seated. The dry aged steaks were flavorful and well prepared. Perhaps just a touch rarer than desired but the hot plate helped fix that. Baked potatoes are opened and dressed for the customers. Wine list is decently large and not terribly overpriced. I would highly recommend this establishment for intimate dinners as well as small family or group events. It was nice not to be surrounded by loud tourists and uncontrolled children. There's outdoor dining available.We came in with a group of 9 and the service from start to finish was excellent. The staff was attentive, patient, and made great recommendations (and were willing to joke around with us too). Both the seafood and steaks were delicious. I highly recommend the baked shrimp and the delmonico steak was also very well seasoned and flavorful. They have a good wine list too. Chophouse would be a good spot for both groups or a date. I highly recommend it and will be back the next time I am in New Orleans (which hopefully will be soon)!Delicious!   I dined here with a group of friends & everyone loved their food! The steak was cooked to perfection and the piano player was great!My husband and I ate at Chophouse for our anniversary! I ordered the fish with crabmeat, it was excellent. The fish was cooked perfectly and full of flavor. We also has the corn crab bisque which was INCREDIBLE, we used our bread to savor every drop! Lastly we are the chocolate cake... it is HUGEEEE and delicious!Parmesan Garlic Butter Shrimp (14$). There really wasn't anything special to this appetizer. Which really should be called a tongue teaser. Four butterflied shrimp to a dish. It was good but not extraordinary, because there's really nothing more to it other than butter, garlic, Parmesan, & shrimp. 
Carpaccio (14$). Delicious! Beautifully presented & well balanced. Tasted so fresh. The beef was sliced so thin and truly melted in your mouth.
8oz Center Cut Ribeye ($29) & 10oz NY Strip ($39). Cooked perfectly and presented on a sizzling plate. I like that their sizzling plate isn't overly hot. Other places, once you cut a slice of your steak, the plate continues to cook the meat and it just gets overdone.
The steaks weren't as seasoned as I assumed also. I enjoyed it. It wasn't too salty for me but that's saying a lot since I eat on the blander side.
Garlic Spinach (8/12$). Too bitter and garlicky for my liking. If I could, I would've spatted it out.
Overall, a decent steak house but not a New Orleans' staple.Visited this restaurant with my husband and everything from the moment we were seated until we left was great. Our waiter was very attentive but not overbearing. The cocktails were delicious, I had the Flirtini which was good but not too sweet. The crab bisque was rich and filling. I had little room for my entrée after finishing the bisque but I pushed on and delighted in the fried lobster tails which was wonderfully seasoned. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his New York strip. We both chose baked potatoes as our side which were huge, well over 1 lb. each. Overall this was a wonderful night out with superb cuisine!Amazing food! Great wine list. Upscale Ambiance. Great mix of dressed up professionals and laid back meat lovers. Service was impeccable! So glad we had a meal here. A must visit for anyone visiting New Orleans!This is hands down one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. The food is amazing, the service is impeccable and management is always on-point. You won't be disappointed!We went to this restaurant with a party of five.  From the bar tending to the time we sat at our table for dinner, the service was outstanding.  Friendly and attentive staff.  The live music adds a great ambiance to the location.  Our server, a young gal that goes by "Rocky" was phenomenal.  Friendly, professional and extremely efficient.  When she delivered our "huge" seafood appetizer, Rocky took the time to serve each one of us our portions. The presentation of both the appetizer and our main entree were noteworthy.
Our overall experience at Chophouse was nothing short of outstanding service and quality.  I'll definitely be returning!The food was not as good as expected based off of the reviews from yelp. The baked shrimp dish that about 5 of my guests ordered were overcooked, and the steak was just okay without much if any flavor other than just steak. It definitely does not get 5 stars I was highly disappointed. However the crab bisque and the chop house salad were both AMAZING.  The server was very nice, helpful and patient which is a plus when you have a large party (10) close to closing. One thing I can say is that our reservation was ready and they even let us push it back due to traffic.Unequivocally, this was the second best meal I have ever had in my life. I have high standards and I still could not find a single fault with the food or the service. Magnificent.
I visited Chophouse New Orleans with a group of eight, including myself, who had no reservation on a Wednesday night in August. We fetched cocktails on our own while waiting for a table in the cool, air-conditioned room. Inside, the walls are wall constructed brick with large windows and the floors a light-to-medium blonde hardwood, so sound echoes through the enclosure a bit. Tables are widely spaced and covered with white tablecloths. The bar itself is small with few seats, but the wait was not long. The ambience is somewhere between old-school steakhouse and new-school steakhouse, blending just the right parts of those two extremes. After being seated, we ordered collectively.
Our table had excellent crusty french bread, which is complimentary. For appetizers we ordered the carpaccio, which was a steal and the finest I've had. Super thin, dressed perfectly, melt-in-your-mouth smooth and rich. Best I've ever had, and I lived in Little Italy in Chicago. 
In addition, we also shared the seafood platter (we opted for no lobster) and it was one of the best I've ever had as well. Great whole crab claws in the shell and fat gulf shrimp were all chilled on ice and fresh as can be. Each of us got a cup of crab bisque that was spectacularly good; it was so rich, I did not want more than I had...it was the perfect amount. There was also a preparation of oven-baked gulf shrimp with breadcrumbs, parsley, lemon, butter and garlic that was just divine. The order and pricing was arranged so each of us were able to have one each of everyhting. Protip: use your bread to soak up the extra garlic-lemon butter from the shrimp. You'll thank me.
For main, I went with a medium-rare 10oz strip. I was disappointed to see no bone-in option, but there was no need for me to judge harshly. My steak was exactly medium rare, with a powerful beef taste and enough chew to know you were eating a steak. Others at the table had the 22 ounce bone-in ribeye and the 8 ounce filet. All were declared excellent. We also had three diners who did not eat red meat. Two of them ordered the redfish amandine and the other the sea bass. They were shocked at how good it was. The redfish entrees dwarfed our steaks in size and looked great; do not underestimate how much food you get.
Akin to our appetizers, we also did table side dishes: Creamed spinach, asparagus, potatoes Lyonnaise, and the 1/2 and 1/2 steak fries and onion rings. Again, enough so that the serving crew asked if we would like it, and got one or so each. I cannot emphasize the quality of each item. Even something as simple as a single steak fry was lights-out good. Hot, tender and creamy center with a thin crispy shell on the wedge, seasoned just right. I will measure every steak fry I ever eat against the one I had here and I doubt I will ever meet it in quality. Creamed spinach was great, onion rings good, and potatoes Lyonnaise good as well.
Service was unobtrusive and impeccable. If you're in town, go here.Excellent choice for our birthday celebration    My twin and I decided we wanted to go somewhere with excellent ambiance. We wanted a one man band playing music softly in a corner spot.  We wanted a cozy atmosphere with great and friendly service and a meal that would make us smile or LOL.  We got all of that and more. We ordered crab bisque and crabmeat appetizer. We added the appetizer to the bisque and it was awesome. Ceasar salad was offered with anchovies and grated Parmesan cheese.  We chose the redfish topped with crabmeat. Sides were large so we ordered creamed spinach and lyonnaise.  They brought us asparagus instead of spinach by mistake. They corrected by saying it's on us and immediately brought our spinach. Our waiter informed us that we could have the redfish fried or pan seared. He even suggested we pan sear it with the batter on and he was wise. It was awesome.  The piano player had a nice voice and sang a variety of songs and had a charming personality. My only regret was I did not remember my waiters name because he was very attentive and professional.  He took care of us.  I truly enjoyed Chop House LOLI can say, without a doubt, this place has the best steak I've had in my life and I've had a lot of steak! My husband and I both went with the New York Strip and were pleasantly surprised that a 10oz steak at the Chophouse is 10oz of meat - not 7oz of meat and 3oz of fat. Super-tender, perfectly grilled, expertly seasoned - they were fantastic. We both had Caesar salads - highly recommended! We also shared a side of asparagus (grilled, though you can get it steamed as well) and I had a loaded baked potato while my husband had the 1/2 onion rings and 1/2 steak fries. If we return, I'd recommend skipping the steak fries - they're a bit chewy and don't have much flavor but the onion rings and baked potato were great. The wine list was great as well. We shared a bottle of Moscato that was delicious. With two steaks, two salads, 3 sides, and a bottle of wine, our bill came to $170 before tip. All-in-all, it was a great meal, we felt the prices reflected the quality of the food, and we were stuffed when we left. If we ever find ourselves in New Orleans again, I know where we will be dining!I love this place! The waitstaff was warm and accommodating- when we weren't certain about which wine to choose our well trained waiter, Chris, revealed he was a sommelier as well and helped us pick out a delicious wine that didn't break the bank. The bread and butter was so fantastic- I was taken back to a visit to France 25 years prior- the chopped salad with blue cheese and bacon was superb- and the 12 oz Cajun style Delmonico that my friend and I split wasINCREDIBLE-sooo rich I couldn't finish my 6 oz.! For sides our table of four shared onion rings- which are huge and double cut and probably the best I ever had- and jumbo asparagus with hollandaise sauce- which was again....nothing short of dreamy! We were too full for dessert but looking at the huge portions of some sort of chocolate topped cheesecake with strawberries- I was tempted to ask the table next to us for a bite. Oh...as we walked in I heard a sultry songstress belt out a beautiful version of "Crazy" by Patsy Cline! I can go on and on- the ambiance with brick walls was cozy- comfy and elegant!Made a reservation and was greeted and seated on time. The staff is friendly.  We started off with the chop house salad and the bacon appetizer.  Steaks were very tasty.  Baked potato and creamed spinach were both very good.  Our waiter surprised us with a small treat for our anniversary.  It was absolutely delicious.  Our waiter was amazing!My dining experience  at the Chop House was wonderful. I  started with the baked shrimp  appetizer.   It is a popular appetizer and it did not disappoint. The garlic and butter  flavor was mouth watering.  The ceasar salad was great. My entrée consisted of a tender filet mignon cooked to perfection.  I  had lyonnaise potatoes  and  garlic spinach. I  also tried the fried lobster tail with melted butter. The service was awesome. The piano player in the  background added to the  ambience. I thoroughly  enjoyed  my experience.my wife and I ate dinner at the Chophouse on Saturday night.  It was excellent in just about every way.  The place was not overly crowded even at 6 PM when we got there (but got more crowded towards 7, not unexpected).  I had the crab bisque which was excellent, as good as any creamy crab soup I've had in Maryland.  My wife and I split a 12 oz filet mignon which was delicious.  Their fries and onion rings are enormous and tasty.  The bartender who was our server made me a sazerac which was excellent.  The final bill was a little over $100 which we found very reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food that we had.  The food came quickly and was cooked almost to order (we asked for medium well and the steak was closer to medium but still delicious).  Even the piano player who started at 7 was pretty good.  We will definitely revisit this place when we return and that's saying a lot because it's tough to find a bad restaurant in New Orleans.Fantastic food and service.  It is a must go place.  Loved it.... stone crabs are back.  EnjoyThe food here is amazing. Everything (steaks and shrimp) were cooked to perfection. The red fish was also really good. I only had a bite of that because it was someone else's dish. The fish was topped with crab meat but could have used a butter sauce of some kind for an additional pop of flavor. But then again, I'm not a fish-at-a-steakhouse kinda person. We will certainly return.Best. Meal. Ever.   We had a large party (45) and were treated like royalty.  The seafood appetizer plates were incredible.  Steak was perfect, and the "table" (sized) chocolate cake was the best ending.  Menu is pricey, but worth it!Ok, really disappointed tonight, was expecting a lot more.
First off thou the service was first class, we had a reservation for a group of us and was seated right on time. Never wanted for beverages and the waiter checked on us often, table service was precise and not clumsy.
Now the food...
Half the group went with various seafood dishes, everyone raved.
Side dishes of potatoes ....all delicious.
Now the steaks..... One was ordered blue..came out med rare at best...was returned and another brought out...much better but don't put a rare steak on a blazing hot plate! It will cook to med rare!
Overall opinion was that the steaks were average at best.
Overall service was great, food was a bit lacking.My first time here and the food and services was great!!! Jason our server was very pleasant and nice. The money we spent was worth every penny. We will be back again.The Chophouse is at the top in New Orleans. The food was great, excellent service, the manger comes to make sure your happy and satisfied! I Will always come back here!Completely enjoyed our meal last night. Went with a large group and the staff was very accommodating. Will definitely go back soon.Chop House New Orleans offers 'Pittsburgh Style' Steaks. Got my attention! Food was wonderful. PGH STYLE worthy to wear the 'burgh'.  Service and presentation was perfect. This attention to the guest experience is rare.  
I'll go back there.Dinner was phenomenal! Between the service and the food, I could eat at this place over and over again. The hospitality was outstanding - never needed to ask for anything. While a bit pricey, completely worth every penny. If I had more time on vacation, I'd eat here another night. 10/10 recommendWe went with a group. The waiter forgot my appetizer and salad order. A person at our table had to go to the bar to get a drink refill. The steaks were completely under cooked. The only decent thing we had to eat was the bacon and the waiter forgot my bacon order. I had to have a bite of the persons next to me. Not worth the money. The service was poor and so the food was mediocre at best.We went there with another couple.  We wanted to try a new steakhouse in New Orleans.  I was excited to try this place because of the reviews on Yelp and their website made it sound really good.  
We had 7:30pm reservations but rand about 5 or 10 minutes late.  We called ahead and told them we were running late and they said it was no problem.  When we got there, they told us our table wasn't quite ready and directed us to the bar to wait.  Well about 20-25 minutes later we were seated.  We ordered drinks (which in my opinion were a bit over priced..$16 for a glass of wine that cost about $25 a bottle).  
Then we ordered our appetizers.  After about 20 or so minutes or apps came out.  The apps were really good.  I had the carpacio, and the rest of the table had the crab bisque and the baked shrimp.  All were very good.  After our apps, we ordered the meal and thats were our experience went way downhill.  I ordered the 14oz filet medium rare.  The rest of the table had a NY Strip (medium), and two delmonico steaks( one medium rare and one medium well).  For sides we got the "table" size sides.  We ordered the onion rings, steak fries, creamed spinach, and asparagus.  
We waited for at least 30 minutes before the waiter brought us some bread.  about 10 minutes after the bread we finally got our food.  My steak, I have to say, was perfect and very very good. (should be for a $60 steak).  The two medium well steaks were cooked medium rare.  Neither person who got the delmonico steaks were impressed and my wife hardly touched hers.  The strip was good but under cooked and went half eaten.  Now to the sides.  They were the worst side dishes I have ever had in my life.  The creamed spinach tasted like eggnog.  It had way too much cream and nutmeg in it.  It was horrible.  The onion rings were OK.  The steak fries were actually the worst I have ever had.  They would have been better getting their fries from McDonalds.  The fries were actually a whole potato that was cut in fours  length wise and then fried.  They were flavor less, over cooked and so dry we could barely choke them down.  The asparagus was grilled and charred but sort of edible.  They didn't season them at all with oil or salt and pepper before grilling.  The biggest thing about the appetizers was the size.  We all ordered the "table" size apps and the size was laughable.  The onion rings had about 6 rings.  The spinach arrived in a small appetizer boat.  The steak fries had 6 fries and we got about 6 asparagus spears.  Each person at the table got one onion ring, one fry, one asparagus spear and a small dollop of spinach.  There was one of each app left on the plate after everyone got one.  I don't know who thinks this is a portion enough for a table of four but the portions of each app were barely enough for one.  We were actually laughing about it at the table.  We debated ordering the "table" size chocolate cake dessert for $25 but decided against it as we figured that the "table" size of the cake was probably just a standard sized piece that they would cut into slivers at the table.
Other than my filet, almost everything else was either just OK to downright awful.  I expected much more from a $350 meal.  I was very disappointed with Chophouse and I will never go back there again.  If you want an extremely good and always consistent steakhouse, just go to Dickie Brennan's.Visiting Nola for a conference.  Arrived late on a Sunday night. Was in the mood for steak and saw the chophouse on yelp. I have been to other chophouses in other cities. Believe they are related/same chain. This location did not disappoint. I ate at the very small bar area. Service was prompt and attentive. I got the ribeye. Perfectly charred and delicious. Strongly recommend if you are in the mood for a good steak.Never did hear from the establishment for follow-up. Received a response to Yelp but never contacted me or returned message. Guess there is little interest in follow-upAmazing dinner spot.  It's an intimate and very well done establishment.  My fiancé and I had the NY Bacon as an appetizer along with the Crab Bisque that I cant recommend enough (it was amazing).  Followed those up with the chophouse salad and entrees that consisted of the 8 oz filet and the 12 oz filet both medium rare (cooked to perfection) and a shareable sure of hash browns.  We will absolutely come back to Chophouse when we're in New Orleans again.I celebrated Thanksgiving this year at Chophouse New Orleans. My Wife and I both had steak which turned out perfect. Appetizers and desert were also perfect. The waiter portioned some of our steak for my child which is just one example of how professional he was. The entire experience was perfect.Best Stone Crab flown in fresh from FL each day.  Excellent  service with prime New Orleans entertainment  live @ piano by the bar. Prime liquor &' wine selection. Great table/dinner service @ bar. Oh how I long for a neighborhood place like this closer to me-I'd frequent it @  least 3x a week.We were seated immediately, though it was a busy night--we just were lucky. Our luck continued with a great waitress. She guided us through the menu. Our NY Strip was cooked exactly as we requested & the redfish arrived with it. Both were so (nicely) hot we had the perfect chance to enjoy them. Asparagus was amazing...yes, "just" asparagus but (hot) huge and tender. The baked potato was also fresh from the oven and delicious. Also, This restaurant knows service. Our glasses were never empty, we received just the right amount of attention & privacy. The live music was just loud enough but did not prevent conversation. 
If you should have to wait, this is a restaurant that is worth it.Went for my birthday on 10/30/15. They stuck us in a corner so in order to get up and move around one of my friends had to get up to let me out of the corner.  Very inconvenient.  Also I ordered a rare steak and was charred/burnt on top.  The steak was also tough.  Not good at all.  Go to Desi Vegas or Doris Metropolitan as they are much better.Service and food were good however we have had better.  We travel often and our friends always ask us for a list of restaurants to try.  Unfortunately this one would not be on the list.    For the same money, better food and service I would definitely try some of the other local NOLA iconic restaurants such as Antoine's or The Foundation Room at the House of Blues.5 stars food, service and atmosphere. Steaks melt in your mouth.The service and ambience were excellent but for $72 I expect the food to be good. I ordered the 10 oz. New York Strip (steaks here do not come with anything, it's just the steak on a plate), asparagus, and blood orange martini. The cocktail was absolutely fantastic. For $8 I got 3 undercooked asparagus on a plate. No seasoning, no butter...nothin. Just tough bland asparagus. The steak was supposed to be aged, but it wasn't very tender. Was burnt on the outside, and raw in the middle. I ordered medium and got raw. I regret not sending it back. I came here because the reviews were good.... Wish I was one of those people that got a good meal. Will never let anyone I know eat here.Omgggg where do I begin. Chophouse is freaking amazing. I enjoyed everything about it. Great drinks, food and incredible service. Our waiter Ryan was the best ever and the manager on duty was the sweetest ever. We enjoyed EVERYTHING the baked shrimp, my steak was cooked to perfection nice and juicy they really understood medium well, the onion rings and I can not forget about the fried lobster... Sweet Jesus I will definitely be backAte here on our recent trip to New Orleans. From the pictures on the website and reviews we where expecting a high end steakhouse and dressed accordingly. Imagine our surprise when we where put sitting next to a dude in a dirty Tee shirt, shorts and trainers. His wife was a bit more presentable but it was obvious they had just popped in for their dinner after a long day of sightseeing. I think if your trying to portray yourself as a high class establishment then at least have the courtesy to your other diners to turn people away who are obviously in need of a shower and a change of clothes. Oh and as the hostess is the first person to greet you when you walk in the least you would expect is to not catch a glimpse of her underwear when she bends over for the menus due to an incredibly short skirt. Having said that the food and service was very good. The only issue i have with the steaks is that the char the outside of them almost to the point it can taste a bit carbonised and burnt. The sides where decent except for the onion rings. The coating on them was funny in that it was like a hard coating almost like a crackling that was impossible to cut with a knife, the only way to eat them was to snap them with your hand first and then try and scoop them up on your fork. We skipped deserts as the steaks and sides we ordered where more than enough to satisfy us. I think if Chophouse either raised its game or just concede that they will take the dollar over the clientele and maybe drop their fussy appearance then this would be a great place. Oh and maybe a separate table away from the main restaurant for the chef to have his dinner instead of him wandering around the dining room with his plate in his hand looking for somewhere to sit might be a good idea.Loved this place! Great service. 3 of us loved our dinners! The potato cart prepared my baked potato, which I hate doing! 
We all had steaks, all perfectly cooked! Service was great! Yummy bread!This place had the best lobster I have ever had, anywhere! I have to say that I was very impressed with dinner at Chophouse. My lobster was perfectly cooked and so were all my sides. The service was great, server was attentive but not overly so. It seems that all their food is delicious because the rest of my party had only great things to say about their steaks. I am a fan and will definitely be back. By the way, definitely make reservations, wait times my be lenghty.On our last night in New Orleans, we decided to live it up and eat somewhere new an a little higher end.  
We decided last minute on the Chophouse and therefore decided to just walk in without a reservation. While I understand this was 100% our bad, the hostess was a bit rude about it. 
Moving beyond that, the food was hands down amazing. I had my steak cooked "cajun style" and it was perfect. Not too spicy but something I'd only be able to track down in New Orleans.
What made the meal a solid 5 for me was the loaded baked potato, wheeled to your table on a cart and prepared exactly to your liking. 
Definitely a little pricier but absolutely worth it.Great place with amazing service and quality food. Went here for a birthday and the staff was amazing. Wouldn't say it was the best steak I have ever eaten but it is in the top 10.Perfect!  Nothing bad to say at all.  Our server, I think his name was Garrett, was funny and attentive.  Didn't rush us, had great knowledge of the menu.  Everything was coursed our appropriately and our plates were placed at the same time.  Everything was soooo good.  I had the red fish almondine and creamed spinach.  Huge, but perfect.  All the steaks at the table were cooked to perfection and not too salty.  We got key lime pie and cheesecake, which again were huge, but perfect.  Will be back!I'm not sure I have enough superlatives for the Chophouse. Everything was absolutely excellent. Very high quality Delmonico steak was perfectly medium rare, Cajun style added a nice, subtle kick. W had the rib eye center cut, also perfectly medium rare as was friend's Delmonico. I started with the Chophouse salad - loaded, I mean loaded, with bacon and blue cheese. Three of us split one loaded baked potato and a table sized order of garlic spinach - both were excellent and the perfect amount of sides. Service (Martin and Marty) was friendly, professional and attentive, but in no way overbearing. Ambience was very nice, classy but understated. Cocktails (old fashions and martini) to start off were great. If in NOLA and wanting a really solid steak dinner I would come to the Chophouse in a heartbeat.This is definitely a tourist place. I really wish the reviews that other people had left had made that clear. OI spent $50 dollars on my steak which was so over salted I woke up 10 times during the night to drink water (I am a salt lover but this was too much).
Also, the bartender who is from Florida could not get a drink right. If we are eating a $200 meal between 2 people you should figure out how to make the drinks we asked for. A Negroni is not rocket science, google it. The service was clumsy and the staff pleasant but not $200 refined. This is definitely a restaurant for tourists and any local "foodie" would be pretty disappointed.  Never again.Excellent food and service,  I would recommend it. Piano player was off the charts. Handsome waiter what more can I sayIncredible just like last time... bacon appetizer was fantastic...  the center cut ribeye was not that great.  A bit tough.  The fillet is the best.....Never got a chance to taste the food. The guy doing seating  in an empty restaurant did not want to seat 1 person.  What an unprofessional d**k. You know who you are. If you are in town alone don't go there.Had dinner tonight. Food and Service was outstanding!  Tommy and the service team were most attentive and could not have been nicer!  We had a friend join us at the last few minutes of the meal. As I looked to find someone to assist me with possibly finding an additional chair, I was immediately chastised by the manager and told to not even think about touching another chair at another table. She was very rude and confrontational. This ended a great night in the restaurant on a negative note. The management was more interested in turning the table than ensuring the customer needs were taken care of.I went here alone while on a business trip because my hotel was right across the street and a steak sounded pretty good to me at the time. I was not disappointed! Great service, great center-cut ribeye, nice glass of wine to go with it. I'd definitely go back.We really did not want to go to a steakhouse in New Orleans but after 9 nights of Cajun/Creole food we wanted a change. Glad this was our choice. We had a Caesar Salad, ribeye steak and a filet, creamed spinach, sautéed mushrooms. Also their onion rings and fries were amazing. Real key line pie and two Hugh scoops of ice cream. John, our server made some great recommendations. Thank you to Maitre D' Hans Simon for a wonderful experience.Today we are Celebrating my pops birthday. We are from California, and a local referred us to this amazing restaurant, great service, and delicious mouth watering steak.