Appetizers set the bar high. The dark roux gumbo and signature crab salad (dressing changes often, we had sour cream and horseradish), were excellent. Sea scallops may have been the best we ever had, the crust was amazing. The pork chop was great, smokey sauce and sweet potato were a great combination. Would have given 5 stars, but beverage and food service were a bit slow for our taste....although we appreciated the experience, still should have been a bit quicker.Incredible food!!!  Never had soft crab before so decided to try it. So worth it!  The desserts were fabulous. The duck was melt in your mouth and they have a very nice wine selection.
So glad we gave it a try- all the way from Idaho!One of the most memorable New Orleans meals I have ever had.  I love Clancy's because it is so very New Orleans.  It's full of local blue bloods in their seersucker out to see and be seen.  One definitely feels that one is in the South here.
Start with a perfect Sazerac and the Oysters Rockefeller which are so decadently infused with butter and garlic.  All of the entrees are delicious and the service is impeccable but also friendly and helpful.  
End with the Lemon Ice Box cake.  My friends were getting married and wanted to have the cake shipped to Denver.  They called the restaurant and Clancy's ended up giving them the recipe.  Classy.The food here is excellent.   The scallops topped with foie gras was the best dish I've had in NOLA and in the last few years and I ate at most of the 5 star restaurants during a 4 month visit.   The veal chop and oysters bienville were also excellent.Really enjoyed our evening.  Tried the fried oysters and brie appetizer, very good.  Smoke duck for entree was also well seasoned, smoky, and a very full portion.  Desert was also excellent, coconut cream pie was excellent.  Meal was enhanced by my friends great picks from the wine list.  Will be returning.Guys - break out your seer sucker suit and ladies this place requires your Chanel bag! What a find! It's off the beaten track of tourist spots but that adds to the cache. The fois gras appetizer and soft shell crab entree are unique and so delicious. Absolutely save room for the lemon ice box cake- a twist on key lime pie. Ask for Paul- the most charming waiter around.What a classic New Orleans restaurant. We had the shrimp remoulade amazing!  The sweetbreads were so delicate and tasty. We had the chicken and the veal chop for our entrées. The chicken was surprising good. The veal chop however was tough and had to send it back. They were extremely helpful and even took it off the bill which made it a 5 star experience.amazing, hands down, no where else in the country will you have a dining experience like this, its expensive fine dining, but its worth it in every aspect, classic new orleans eateryBeautiful restaurant with wonderful servers! Great wine list and the bartender made an excellent amaretto sour. We had the Bibb salad, crab bisque, seared scallops and tri-tail. All of it was spectacular.I absolutely adore the cozy atmosphere - like you are dining in a friends house, but your friend just happens to be serving you dressed in a tux. You are really lucky that you stumbled upon my post... because the menu is nearly illegible.  With dim lighting and scrawled cursive, it's easy to just panic and point.  But don't.  I didn't have a chance to try the Fried Oysters, but I would still like to suggest them... based on the reviews from others.  What I can recommend with confidence is the Drum Fish with muddy waters and grilled shrimp and the Crawfish Etouffee.  But really, this place for me, was all about the dessert. A Lemon Ice Box Cake that refreshed the palate and a sinfully delicious Salted Caramel Custard. The neighborhood restaurant is located 20 or so minutes outside of the French Quarter, but in a pretty upscale area sprinkled with fun bars and lounges.
visit my blog for more New Orleans reviews: http://chelseagilson.blogspot.com/2014/05/a-long-weekend-in-new-orleans.htmlA bit of an old school field - waiters in white jackets. I echo previous reviews that this is not a dimly lit restaurant - it has white walls. Food was excellent. I liked everything we had - the veal liver as the entree; appetizers were baked oysters and sweetbreads.This is our go-to neighborhood restaurant.  We enjoy eating at the bar with Garth, the bartender.  There is a small television at the bar where whatever important game is on, but without sound, which is nice.  
Clancy's is one of those staple New Orleans restaurants where you'll often see a celebrity (local or otherwise).  But it's not some modern, overdone place.  Instead, the actual physical appearance is really quite plain (white walls, ceiling fans).  It's definitely not a dimly lit romantic kind of a place.  Maybe that's why we eat at the bar so often?  The people who work there have, for the most part, worked there for many years.  The atmosphere is relaxed, jovial, and friendly.
As far as food, I don't think it gets any better.  It is consistently amazing, and I have never--not once in the probably 30 times I've eaten here--been disappointed.  
We always start with the Boston salad (bibb lettuce, blue cheese, toasted walnuts, hearts of palm).  Split it between two people to save room.  Next is the fried oysters with brie (salty and creamy with some spinach underneath, simply amazing).  The baby drum dish is always great, as are the scallops and whatever fish they happen to have fresh.  I recently got the new shrimp pesto pasta dish and really loved it.  No matter what you order, get a side portion of the lobster risotto, you will be so glad you did!
Their lemon icebox pie is their most well known dessert.  Get it.  And enjoy.I went to Clancy's for dinner while on vacation in NOLA in December 2010.  We loved it! 
It's been a while since we were there, so I can't remember everything we ate.  However, you MUST get the oysters with brie appetizer -- it was absolutely delicious and we still talk about that dish to this day!
The restaurant was somewhat small and crowded, and we had to wait for our table even with a reservation, but the food was absolutely worth it.The best softshell crab and crab salad.   Great service,  great ambiance.   Highly recommended.   We took the trolley from downtown at 5:00 to Audubon Park.   We walked slowly through the park and arrived at the restaurant at 6:30.   It's a nice walk and a great way to get there.Delightful.  I had the risotto which was cooked with lobster and oysters in a mushroom sauce.  The house chardonnay was delicious and the chocolate cake for dessert was worth trying.  It would be 5 stars but I think there are other restaurants in the area that are better.Worth every penny!
The food was delicious! The waitstaff attentive but not obtrusive.  Upstairs setting was great- made us feel like we were in a private dining room. Definitely make a reservation.It's a bit on the pricey side, but the money is all on the food and service. Magical flavors in all their dishes. Full bar including the top shelf stuff for those of you with a lot of money to spend. Downstairs can be a little noisy, so if you're looking for a quieter dining experience, ask to be seated upstairs. And if you show up without a reservation you may be waiting a while.Great table, great staff, great food.  The sticks were wonderful and we were seated promptly.  The hostess was excelent and the food mouth watering. I had the famous smoked duck which is always a delight and you must have the crab salad it is the best in town.  My party of four had a wonderful time and this is a great New Orleans restaurant that is right in my neighborhood which I love.This is definitely a place for the locals! It's tucked away in a Garden District neighborhood, which presents a lovely ride in, and seems to be most frequented by people from the immediate surrounding area. Everyone was completely hospitable and the food was equally enticing. What I enjoyed most about this place is the way the staff interacted with their customers- something about it seemed completely genuine. Be sure to have a reservation- this place fills up quick!If you're looking for a great place for a romantic date or to bring some out of town friends for an amazing meal, go to Clancy's!  The fried oyster and brie and the seared scallop appetizers are spectacular and the the pork loin entree is amazing.  The steaks are also all amazing, and always perfectly cooked, and the lobster risotto is heavenly. I've never had a bad meal there, nor have I tasted something that wasn't absolutely amazing!  They also have some of best service in the business.  Alicia is an amazing FOH host as well and you're always treated so nicely.  It's off the beaten path but that doesn't mean that it's easy to get into.  Reservations are definitely recommended for larger groups but even if you don't have one, it's well worth the wait.  Fine dining prices for sure but WELL worth it!Crab salad with horseradish cream was great. Bread pudding was awesome.This place is AWESOME! You cannot go wrong on the food or drink.  Sit at the bar solo if you have to,  but put this place on your "Not to be missed" list.Just can't beat the old New Orleans neighborhood feel of Clancy's. Classic for a reason. The food is top notch and you must save room for dessert. Bread pudding, lemon icebox pie, I could go on.the short version:  wonderful!  Great food, great bar, great people.
This place caters to locals, and the hostesses and bartenders know their names.  As a tourist stumbling upon this place was truly a blessing.  
The food is ON POINT.  NOLA cuisine at its finest, though not its heaviest.  Upscale crowd, and very friendly and attentive service.  Knew it was goiung to be good when i saw the waiters were wearing tuxedos.
Those who want good food in a great, non-touristy Nawlins atmosphere go to Clancy's.Its something about waiters in tuxedos and white linen table cloth that automatically give off a good impression. 
This review is long over due but I'm sure within a year this place couldn't have changed that much. Best thing is I can only remember good things from my experience here. When we walked in, our coats were taken and we were led to our reserved table. From there we were given the usual introduction to our waiter and the menu. 
This restaurant is impeccable, especially the food. I had the roasted duck entree cooked medium. The sear, cook, and cut on each piece was uniformed. (The mark of a good chef).
Needless to say I greatly enjoyed this place. My only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the time it took our food to come out.One of the staples of New Orleans fine dining.  They execute every dish with precision.  We ordered the oysters & brie because everyone told me that I had to try it.  Brie isn't my #1 choice of cheese and fried isn't my preferred way to eat oysters, but the dish delivered.  Our table ordered a couple fish dishes, and one steak dish.  Everything was delicious, and I would recommend Clancy's to anyone that wants eat out, and isn't afraid to spend money on a delicious meal.best corn and crab chowder ever, i almost picked up and licked the bowl.Can be wonderful at times, at other times they will definitely treat those seated upstairs as lesser patrons. Ask for a table below and you'll get better service.Having eaten at most of the well known restaurants in NOLA, Clancy's was such a very pleasant surprise and now tops my list of favorites. It's definitely a neighborhood type restaurant, but ranks up there with the absolute BEST of the BEST. All three people in our party were exceptionally pleased with our appetizer, salad, entree, and dessert choices...all OUTSTANDING. Months later I am still dreaming about the lemon ice box pie.I'm adding this b/c someone else has posted about a Clancy's that is closed. This Clancy's (the only one I've ever known) is alive and well in uptown NO.  For me, Clancy's epitmizes Uptown New Orleans.  The food has some creole elements (you can - and should - get their fried green tomatoes), but it's the high level of cooking that goes on here every night that makes it one of the best restaurants in NO.  Their crab salad and lemon icebox pies are legendary, but i can best sum up the appeal of Clanyc's by saying that they make their Manhattans w/ rye w/o you having to ask for it.  Truly a great NO restaurant.Are you going to New Orleans (or are you a local who has not heard of Clancy's?)
GO HERE ASAP!!!
Here's the deal:  This is now my favorite restaurant in the city now.  Better than Commanders, better than Brennans, better than Adolphos...
Price is totally good / reasonable for the staffing, qualify, flavors......
Order this:
Starters: Scallop w/ foie gras (OMG AMAZING,) Crab Salad, oyster w/ brie
ABSOLUTELY do NOT miss the FOIE GRAS an amazing mouth experience.
Entrees: Fish of the day, lobster risotto, veal w/ pasta (forget the name of the dish,) veal with potatoes.  The 2 veal & fish dishes were the best. 
Desert: Coconut pie (we also tried the lemon ice box "best in the city."  It was ok.  Pretty ice boxy : frozen.)  Go for the coconut pie.  It was super.
They also have a nice wine selection although we brought a bottle of our own and paid the $15 corkage fee.Look no farther than Clancy's for the ultimate new Orleans dining experience. Great drinks, a lively atmosphere, the softshell crab, is the best, everything is a good choice. Desserts to indulge your sweetooth. So enjoy the dining experience at clancy's !A great place for out of towners to eat where the true locals eat.
Everbody from the reservations, the bartenders, waiters and our fellow customers treated us wonderful.  My party had a great time and will definitely are heading back soon.
They have a special take on some classic items that some love and others... well, not as much.
For example, the softshell crab, a signature dish when available, is smoked then fried - well softshell has such a delicate taste that some find that smoking it overpowers the flavor.  But the fresh fish dishes were all a total hit.  So for my group, we stay with the less adventuresome fare, drink our strong tasty drinks and head back to the hotel happy.
It's best that you dress.  This place and the clientele deserve it.Had dinner at the bar. The smoked pork loin was fantastic. Probably, the best I ever had.  So moist and tender with great flavor. Bartender was excellent and very knowledgable.  I will definitely go back since so many menu items looked deliciousOne of my favorite uptown neighborhood restaurants that could match up with any restaurant in the world. Great fun atmoshere and of course food. Always booked, so get a reservation as far in advance as possible.What a fabulous evening. Clancy's excels in food and service.  The Crawfish Pie was out of this world and my wife loved the Crab Salad. My Pompano dinner was delicious with lump crab meat on top. We shared the Lemon Icebox pie for desert and it was rich and smooth with just the right amount of tartness. Our server, Brandy, was attentive and knowledgable. Each of her recommendations were spot on.   This neighborhood restaurant is a favorite with the locals and after eating there I know why.  The next time you're in the Big Easy be sure to make a reservation at Clancy's. You'll be glad you did.So many people had recommended Clancy's to my wife and I during previous visits to the city, so we thought we'd stop in during this trip to NOLA.
It's in a residential neighborhood Uptown.  It was about a $15 Uber ride from the Warehouse District.    
There's mixed recommendations online about the appropriate attire here.  Based on what I'd read, I went with dress pants and a sweater.  Once I arrived, however, it was clear that a nice pair of jeans would have been fine.  Anyone who says this is a "navy blazer" type place hasn't been to many of those places.  This is nowhere near as upscale as Commander's Palace, Emeril's Delmonico, or even Emeril's place in the Warehouse District.  It's a classy restaurant, but you won't be out of place with nice jeans.
We sat upstairs, which was nice.  The downstairs dining room seemed much louder.
The wine list was incredible.  They have lots of older vintages at very reasonable prices.  I easily found 10-15 bottles I was interested in.  We went with a nice 1999 Nuits-St. Georges Burgundy.  It appeared to be stored well and drank nicely.
We started with the fried eggplant appetizer.  It was good, but not memorable.  We then had some salads.  I had the Romaine salad (it was just okay and I wouldn't order it again) and my wife had the kale salad (she raved about it!)
For dinner, my wife had a smoked pork dish and I had the Veal Annunciation.  Both of them were incredible.  The smoked pork was so flavorful.  The alfredo sauce with the veal was just a touch too salty, but it was still phenomenal.  We'd order both these dishes again.
Dessert was excellent.  I had a chocolate cake and my wife had the lemon icebox pie.  She's still talking about the pie!  I also had a glass of 20-year old Tawny Port for $10, which was about half of what I usually pay elsewhere.
Our server was just okay.  Given that we spent $315+ before tip, I expect far better.  This is the primary reason for subtracting a star.  
Next time we're in town, we'll be back and hope we get a different, better server.  The table across from us appeared to have someone who was quite good.Went yesterday for anniversary dinner. Felt spoiled-they just make you feel welcome. Food is among the most consistently superb in the city. Garth makes amazing drinks and Jeff was a stellar waiter.Great New Orleans classic! Consistently great quality and service. The best lobster risotto and bread pudding in the cityUmmmmmmm? Yummmmm!
Clancy's has some great New Orleans style fare that's just classically what you'd expect while your here.  Fried green tomatoes with crab, seared scallops, seafood gumbo, smoke tenderloin with all the fixins.  Oh and the bread? You talk about good!  You come to the right place cher!
Great meal matched with a professional waitstaff.  
We will revisit.This hidden establishment was enjoyable overall. The only thing hindering me from giving it a five star rating is the service could have been improved upon and the menu could've been thinned to feature fewer, speciality fare items - it was a little all over the place. I had the pork chops. They were flavorful and a manageable size. The potato Au gratin was delicious. I wasn't crazy about the bread pudding, but I like my bread pudding more traditional. Would I recommend Clancy's? Yes, if you're in the area. You'll feel tucked away in the beautiful streets of New Orleans. Do make a reservation. It's a small venue.My husband and I went to Clancy's in order to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and celebrate we did! As soon as we walked up the door was opened for us and the warm and welcoming staff provided the friendliest neighborhood fine-dining environment I have ever experienced. We were greeted in a timely manner by our knowledgeable and attentive waiter and started off ordering veal meatballs in basil pesto and fried eggplant with a garlic aioli that were both scrumptious and well-balanced appetizers. My husband then ordered the veal chop, and I the smoked duck. Both dishes came out in a timely manner and were cooked with precision. The entire staff was on their toes, I never had to wait for a refill. The dessert is what takes the cake, excuse the pun. We had bread pudding accompanied by bourbon sauce and a marvelous creme brûlée! All in all a wonderful experience! We will be back!WOW! AMAZING!
Quite possibly THE BEST meal I have had in NOLA!
The filet mignon is smoking! Probably one of the best I have ever had!!
The crabmeat salad was AMAZING!
And my Dad who is a vegetarian said his pasta dish was THE BEST he has had in NOLA - which is saying a lot! He has eaten at most of the top restaurants in the city - as have I.
The mashed potatoes were very smooth, creamy and buttery. Quite delicious!
The rum raisin ice cream is spectacular!
The coconut pie and lemon box pies were ok but not as awesome as the rest of the meal....
5 stars all the way!!Clancy's is a trip back in time. Eating there reminded me of going out for special occasions with my grandparents back in the day - starched white table cloths, waiters dressed in formalwear, couples speaking quietly over their meals. On one hand it was lovely not to have someone "explain the menu" to us, to be left alone to eat at a leisurely pace and without blaring music causing us to shout across the table. On the other hand, as a table of four youngish (i.e., 40something) folks on a casual night out, we felt a little out of place among the older diners and/or people who had clearly chosen the venue for date night. It was also rather disturbing when our waiter, rather than asking if we'd finished eating, said, "should I have Percy clear your plates for you?" and stood by as a gentleman with darker skin stepped up to do the clearing. Traditional is good...but certain traditions should be left in the past.
The food was excellent - authentic NOLA fare including crawfish pie, turtle soup, and a seemingly endless choice of fish and meat dishes, served in downright decadent portions. It's not the place to go if you're looking for inventive cooking, but everything was well prepared and delicious. If you want to go old school, go Clancy's.The food is great and the scene is mostly polished but still relaxed (read: men, leave your shorts at home/the hotel but if it's all you have, wear em anyway... Just have the confidence that screams "I'm a tourist and I don't care!").
There is no need for details on the menu--everything is good. And the desserts... Even better.
Just go there. Then thank me later.
Only issue is this: it's about 20 minutes from the Quarter so you may have to wait for a cab to leave the restaurant. But so what--don't complain. Meet some folks and be patient. It'll be a great time, trust.Ahhhhh mazing! Fantastic fantastic fantastic....great service great food. I will put my reputation  on the line.We had a best meal for a long time and this is the place. We came to NO for our honeymoon and Clancy's really made a memorable experience. The restaurant is locates in uptown NO in an unnoticeable house. Inside is cozy, simple yet still romantic. The service is excellent. Each waiter is patient enough and comes to you at the perfect timing. We got a baked oyster as an appetizer, creamy enough to melt in your mouth. The Boston salad was simple yet with high quality blue cheese, toasted pecans and creamy lettuce. Our entrees, a blacken drum and a smoked duck were so flavorful and also satisfying. We finished the whole meal with a butter scotch pudding which is something creative and unusual. I highly recommend Clancy's if you want something different from the quarter or the garden district.Six ladies and I came here last night for dinner and it did not disappoint. While it is pricey, all of the food is excellent. The service was quick, knowledgeable and friendly. I really like this place and will for sure be back! The filet was cooked and seasoned perfect and the house salad is delicious and has my fave hearts of palm. I consider this a great place for am awesome dinner or to take out of town guests for a great meal!As a local this is one of my top 5 regular/favorite restaurants in NOLA. Personally I believe they have the best smoked duck in town, certainly an excellent wine list and always great service.
If you are a dessert fan, the ice cream selections and lemon ice box pie are also superb. Dress code is "nicely dressed" but not pretentious. If you are looking for a more romantic evening, book early and sit upstairs. 
If they are booked it's relatively easy for small groups (2-4) to eat at the bar if you can wait for a bit.Wow! Another flawless meal at Clancy's! Everything was great from the service to the food. This place never disappoints.Sit at the bar, get there early enough to snag a spot. Eat some of the best food NOLA has to offer and go home less sober and not hungry. But the bread pudding...Oh that bread pudding. THE BREAD PUDDING is divine.Very nice restaurant for a small group. We started with fried eggplant and fried oysters topped with Brie. Appetizers were ok. My fried eggplant had a nice sauce but not much seasoning in the breading. Speaking of bread...delicious warm bread was consistently delivered to the table with a generous portion of butter. The salad course was absolutely amazing. The flavors were truly delicious. Finally, I had the pan roasted chicken for the main course. DELICIOUS!!!! It was flavorful and tender. The root veggies were seasoned just right. I would definitely return for their chicken dish. Service was great! Everyone was friendly and professional. Clancy's is definitely a place I'll visit againWhere to start? Let's start with the end...I mean the bread pudding.I'm not a big fan of carbs but this bread pudding is unbelievable,worth every calorie,really..Clancy's has a great vibe,elegant and down home at the same time.not to miss are soft shell crab,shrimp remoulade, the fish of the day is always a great choice.A seat at the bar is great fun,and mixing with locals always a great time.The food is wonderful,modern interpretation of old New Orleans food,and the Sazerac is not to be missed..make sure to reserve early ,and trust your server to orchestrate a great meal and memory for you and your party.The best soft shell crabs I've had in my existence on this planet!
I'll keep this review clean because a great restaurant like Clancy's deserves a respectable review. 
Clancy's is located in a neighborhood, away from all the tourist traps in New Orleans. Drive by St. Charles, admire the magnificent mansions, pay a visit to the Audubon zoo, and visit Clancy's nearby. We almost missed it because it is nestled in between residential buildings in a quiet area.
We sat upstairs surrounded by hundreds of bottles of wine and champagne. Started off with appetizers: oysters with brie, sweetbreads, seared scallops with foie gras, and the shrimp remoulade. Fried oysters topped with melted brie are a delight, but the best is the scallops with foie gras. Oh my goodness!! Who came up with this brilliant idea? It was definitely moan-inducing.
For entrees we got the famous soft shell crab, fish special of the day, lobster risotto, and veal liver lyonnaise. The soft shell crabs are smoked and deep-fried to perfection. There was not a drop of grease on the crab or on the dish, a sign of true perfection. The smoky flavor does not overpower the wonderful taste of soft shell crab indicating the care with which they were smoked before deep frying. Served with a dollop of mashed potatoes and vegetables, it is most definitely the best soft shell crab dish I've had in my life. 
The lobster risotto was perfectly cooked, the veal liver was delectable, and the fish special was to my dining companion's liking. We did not do dessert, as we were pretty full by then. However, we ordered coffee... the right blend of coffee a chicory as a perfect ending to our meal.
Wine list is pretty impressive with wide varieties of whites and reds, not to mention the champagne. Service was impeccable. 
Stop wandering around the tourist traps and make reservations at Clancy's. And order the soft shell crabs.Great atmosphere and excellent server. Real NOLA experience. Had the crab salad app and the grilled fish special. Both were delicious. 
One star deducted for service. Had a reservation for 7:30 on Wednesday night but our order was taken at 9:00 without an apology.If ratings went above 5 stars- that is exactly what I would give Clancy's. I have dined here on many occasions and have been impressed every single time. I love the building, the atmosphere, the service and the food! I highly recommend the filet! You can't go wrong. 
I prefer the main dining room, but having eaten upstairs before and it is nice too.
Make reservations early!Life long Nola resident and have never been here but heard so many good things. I was finally able to try it and they did not disappoint! Fried oysters with Brie, yum! Smoked soft shell crab, delicious! You could taste the smokey flavor and the dish even felt light yet full of rich Flavors. Bread pudding with strawberries and peaches topped with homemade vanilla ice cream, priceless. Everything was spot on, service was great too! I'll be back for sure. Great neighborhood, local find. Apparently it's no secret the place was packed on a Tuesday at 530pm!  Oh, how could I forget the fresh creole tomato salad? My out of town guest thought it was so good one the way home they stopped to buy a box of creole tomatoes.This was one of my FiL's favorite restaurants and every special occasion merited a trip.  Clancy's really is a five star restaurant, but a recent visit merited only 4 stars.  Why?  Because we were placed in an upstairs dining room that smelled like fresh paint.  Enough with the bad...
The good:  E & I split the crab salad and honestly, with that & bread I could have been done.  E got the special of the day, a beautiful piece of redfish (a bit on the small side) with crabmeat & capers. The sauce was delish.  I had the pineapple scallops which were good but the fritters (maybe plaintains?) mostly tasted like starch & fried.
The peppermint ice cream & lemon ice box pie remain classic desserts.  Really a lovely meal...except for that nagging paint smell.Visiting Clancy's is a must every time I come to NOLA and it never disappoints. The food and service are amazing. On this trip, we ordered the fried green tomatoes served with crab meat on top. The crab was fresh and delicious. I ordered the sea scallops for my main dish -- there were 4 large thick buttery scallops. My friend ordered the pork lion and it was HUGE! Definitely arrive with an appetite if you order that dish! We had the brownie a la mode for dessert. I love how the waitstaff automatically brought both our appetizer and dessert on two small plates -- already split for the two of us.I really enjoyed sitting downstairs for my birthday dinner! The crabmeat salad is to die for, filet & mashed potatoes were good, turtle soup was good, I wasn't crazy about my vegetables that came with my steak. It was definitely loud but I think more restaurants do that for the atmosphere. I'll definitely go back!Pretty good. Pricey. Massive wine list. Started with marinated crab claws which were tasty. Then onto seared tuna which was good, and some sort of butterscotch caramel pudding dessert which was great. That menu is like impossible to read in that cursive.Amazing food, sampled a little of everything and it was absolutely fantastic.  Best food I had my entire trip to New Orleans.  AMAZING pies!This is another restaurant that never fails to impress the socks off of me. We went for my wife's birthday, and thank you Jesus that her birthday is is at the peak of Soft Shell Crab season, because this place has the best soft shelled crabs in the best town to get soft shelled crabs (New Orleans, in case you didn't know).
I love 'em at Galatoire's, and Antoine's soft shells me cry tears of pure hedonistic pleasure, but this place wins the award. Clancy's also does some mean things with veal. There are few finer places in the world for one to blow his monetary and calorics budgets than at Clancy'sOne of America's great eateries.  Nestled in a residential part of Uptown.Clancy's is a great little restaurant tucked into a quite part of town with some great food and great service. 
Appetizer - Seared Sea Scallops: 8/10
House Creole Tomato Salad was amazing 9/10. Almost ordered the watermelon salad, but l'm glad I didn't because one of the persons at our table said the watermelon wasn't very sweet. 
Dinner - Pork Loin. Huge and so tasty. 9.5/10. Almost didn't order this, and I'm so glad I did. 
I tried some of the table's deserts-- they all looked great and tasted even better. 
Service was amazing-- never really wanted for anything. I don't think my water glass was ever less than 3/4th full. 
They serve some amazing bread and good butter before your meal. 
I suggest reservations, especially for a large group. That said, eating with 6-8 people seems rather easy here. 
Be prepared to spend at least 70$
Last part-- the next day my feet told me this late-night dinner had a lot of salt in it. My feet were like sausages... gotta get in a run soon after eating here.Clancy's puts the uptown in uptown. This great place has been serving delectable New Orleans treats for decades. It has a great bar and loud stuffy atmosphere that makes it hum with happiness. The favorites like tout almandine are always their but also go after the oyster appetizer or the soft shell crab if in season.I just spent the last 10 minutes feverishly clicking on the blank space where a 6th star should be. This was far and away the best meal of my New Orleans trip and top 5 of recent memory. Clancy's is a fine mix of comfortable yet upscale dining and they execute their dishes perfectly. In addition to the praise of other reviewers, I have to add that the turtle soup & Boston salad are worth the cab ride on their own!If I could give the food 5 stars and the service and ambiance 3.5 stars, I would. 
Food - The food was absolutely amazing. Everything we had was perfect. Oysters with Brie, Veal Bernaise with crab, and lamb chops were the three dishes we ordered and all were excellent. The Veal dish was fairly small, but it was really really good. The lamb was the best I've ever had. Nice wine list with lots of options at different price points. 
Service/ambiance - My husband and I came here on our wedding anniversary, though the restaurant was not aware of this at first...they never asked. We were seated upstairs in probably the worst table in the whole restaurant next to a loud table. Our table was a two person table shoved against a stair case, and appeared to be the only two person table in the whole place. After a few minutes my husband asked if we could move downstairs to another table, explaining that it was our anniversary and the other table was loud. The waiter, who was unfriendly from the get go, hesitantly agreed to go see if we could be reseated. He returned and in a voice  clearly audible to the table we were trying to escape, told us there were no tables downstairs and instead offered us two other tables upstairs, one of which was just as close to the noisy table as we were. We took the one farther away and were pleased with our seating arrangements the rest of the night. 
Luckily, the new table came with a new nicer waiter. What bothers me is that they didn't put us at this table in the first place, instead of the clearly undesirable table we were first placed in. As for the service, our waiter turned out to be friendly, but in general, I found some of the service at Clancy's to be snooty, which is a total turn off to me. Also, the waiter seemed to forget to put in our appetizer order as he asked us if we ordered an appetizer 15 minutes after we ordered it and then it took another 15 minutes to come.  I'll add that this was all on a Monday night...I can't imagine what this place is like on a busier evening. 
If not for the poor table and somewhat snooty service, I would give this place five stars, as the food was truly amazing. We still had a nice evening, as I wasn't going to let a snooty waiter ruin my anniversary. I just wish they hadn't stuck us in the worst table in the restaurant.Come here for dinner. Just do it.
Rather pricey, but well worth. Impeccable service, atmosphere, and suuuuuch good food.
The fried oysters with brie appetizer is beyond divine, my only complaint is that it only came with 4 oysters, I wanted more!
Filet mignon was cooked just how I ordered it, and the bernaise sauce was especially delicious. 
The lobster risotto was a HUGE portion and so delicious, rich and flavorful. 
We wanted to try to famed icebox pie but were SO FULL. 
Our waiter was attentive but not overbearing, and he was not bothered that we stayed and chatted quite a bit after finishing our meal.As good as it gets - eat at the bar if you have too!  But go for a table, enjoy and have a ball!I was visiting a friend for Mardi Gras and she brought me to Clancy's for dinner one night since it's one of her favorites. I wish I could eat there every week-everything I tried was amazing and authentic without being too heavy like most traditional Nola restaurants. It's nestled In the residential neighborhood of Uptown, with a very sophisticated and warm vibe.  The Staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and you can't go wrong with what they recommend.  I had the most amazing crab salad and the fried oysters with brie was incredible too.  I thought it couldn't get much better until I took a spoonful of the Budino for dessert and it melted in my mouth.  Holy cow! what started as "I'll just have a bite" turned into "oops, did I really just lick that empty bowl?!" Enough said, this restaurant is superb-perhaps the best I've tried out of all the wonderful eateries in New Orleans.Top quality food with the service to match - essential for a great dining experience. Deep and well conceived wine list with a right-on-the-money recommendation by our waiter, who was skilled, knowledgeable, and personable.  After 28 years in business, this restaurant knows how to do it right.
We started with the fried oysters and brie, a winning combination where the melted brie loses all but a hint of its bite, leaving all of its creamy goodness, and the shrimp & grits, which I can only describe as being on a different level from the others I've tried.  The dish offered complex, layered flavors and textures - smooth grits, tender grilled New Orleans style shrimp (no heads - appropriate for my wife's peace of mind and for fine dining) and a thin sauce with a hint of BBQ & heat to bridge the gap. Not overpowering, not smokey, just a foil to the grits and an accent for the shrimp.  Someone put some real culinary effort into perfecting these, and you can taste it.  Every self respecting foodie ranks their best, and these have the title for shrimp & grits.  
The Boston salad was fresh and delicious, with Maytag.  All of the salads seemed to be good portions, large enough to split. 
I'll admit I'm a duck man.  Farm raised, wild, foie gras, confit, it's all good.  Clancy's signature smoked duck put together two of my favorite things.  Call it karma, call it crazy, but somehow, the chef has created a near-perfect flavor match to my favorite smoked pork ribs from the Salt Lick BBQ here in Austin.  It sounds ridiculous, but if you've had them, you'll know what I mean.  Watch the man v food episode on Austin - the host's eyes roll back in his head for a split second when he takes his first bite.  So good he even wore a Salt Lick t-shirt to the best bbq place in St. Louis.  So good it made me want to tote a duck down to the old pit in Driftwood and have them smoke it up for me.  Crazy good.  I think my wife's filet with Stilton was good too, but I wouldn't know because I was blinded by the culinary eclipse of duck on my plate.  
Dessert was almost an afterthought, and the chocolate/caramel/sea salt parfait we had was good. Our illustrious waiter did make a great suggestion for a new bar called "Cure".  We took him up on it, but that's for another review.  Clancy's was our favorite meal in New Orleans, and one of our best in some time.  It deserves all the respect it gets.A must visit for visitors like us - incredible wine list, service, cuisine, and atmosphere.  Which was best?  Find out for yourself!  
Traditional yet creative and unique, like New Orleans itself.Great food, great service and great atmosphere. I was visiting from out-of-state, and this restaurant is a favorite with the locals. It is an authentic NOLA restaurant without the tourist crowds, which was another plus. We had the veal and roast chicken, both of which were delicious!Had dinner here last night!   Very old school New Orleans!   The drinks were strong, service was amazing, wine was delish!  The scallops were a winner!Had dinner here and the service as well as the food were outstanding. Servers were knowledgeable about the food and drinks on the menu. We tried the fried eggplant, oysters and Brie, crab claws and the lamb. Everything was deliciousCelebrated our 25th wedding anniversary at this wonderful neighborhood gem.  The dining room was loud and fun with holiday celebrations along with other locals.  Service was excellent and the food was too.  The duck and sausage gumbo was the most elegant I've ever had.  The broth was rich and decadent.  The drum muddy waters was a perfect New Orleans dish.  My wife had the kale salad and veal with crabmeat.  I know it was good because she wasn't sharing.  Desserts were excellent, especially the lemon ice box pie which was comparable to the gumbo in it's uniqueness and concentration of flavor.  No doubt Clancy's is a top 5 in NOLA.The trick this place pulls off is that it feels like a private club you and your rich friends  put together as your own private club.  The food is outstanding and creative.  The service is gracious and welcoming.  In a subtle way you feel like you own the place. There is a wide selection of excellent seafood and meat choices.  The setting is a converted house, and the customers all seem to know each other. Service is some of the best in town.  Tucked away in a residential neighborhood it is hard to find, but worth the effort.  Nice, cordial bar.It's been 30 years since I lived in NOLA, and back then I couldn't afford to eat out except the anniversary special at Popeye's (I seem to recall $5 all you can eat). [Note that I always had money for drinks at the Metro, Ms Maes, the Dungeon, and Cooters.] But I remember walking by all the fancy places with tuxedo-clad servers hovering around men in their light blue suits and women in their flowing cotton dresses, hat's and handbags finishing the look.
And so I arrived in town preparing to eat at a few of the top spots in the city. On my first night I didn't have plans - I figured I would just hit something around my airbnb and stumbled past Clancy's. The scene from outside of Clancy's window took me back 30 years to those restaurants I never could enjoy. My t-shirt and short attire with the waft of 'I've been in a car for 10 hours' were on my mind. But I'm in my upper 40s now and couldn't care less if I look like a hobo and reek of a fisherman so I walked in.
The host cheerfully greeted me, and graciously found me a spot at the bar (all tables were full on this Monday night). The bartender poured me a delicious old fashioned. I ordered the brie on fried oyster for a starter and the stuffed softshell for my main. Both were far more traditional that I would normally order (I like light, fresh and modern), yet both hit the spot. A second old fashioned and I sat there soaking up the scene. 
New Orleans has changed so much in 30 years, and yet, it is exactly the same.I came here with my friends, one of whom is a famous local chef and the other a famous local author, so I thought my experience was probably not what the average person would get. Reading though the reviews, I see that I was wrong. Top notch food, perfectly executed, and plated without pretension. I had Oysters Rockefeller  for my appetizer and veal with crab meat and bearnaise sauce for my entree. I had never had either of those, but I could tell from the first taste that I probably will not find a better execution of these dishes anywhere. 
And PEPPERMINT ICE CREAM. I originally ordered something else for dessert but when i tasted this i made them trade desserts with me. GET IT if you go here. 
I am glad my friends took me here, and I plan on telling as many people here about Clancy's as possible. I plan on going back more often to New Orleans and this place.I've eaten here before several times, and it's always been great, however, after dining here last Thursday I felt I must write a review. My meal was excellent! Amazing! Sublime! We tried many different apps and everything was perfectly executed. The crawfish fritters were my favorite but the oysters with Brie were awesome and the fried eggplant was light and crispy. My entree was the breaded veal with fettuccine and it was the best . The food even when breaded and fried was light and not at all greasy. The creme brûlée was delicious. Even this review doesn't do it justice, so do yourself a favor and go !Clancy may be gone, but Clancy's is going strong. Living across the street, and having to smell their kitchen every afternoon, I spend too much time and money in there. But, well worth every penny. Hope that you get lucky and the crab cakes on fried green tomatoes with a Crystal hollandaise is a special that day. I have yet to have a bad meal (although I have heard they overcook the steaks). Eat steak in your back yard, head to Clancy's for an exceptional meal. Beware the flavorless decor.I heard that Clancy's had the best soft shell crab in town and biked for about half an hour to get here since it is on the other side of where I was staying.  This is a fancy restaurant that is very busy even on a week night.  Luckily, they allowed us to dine at the bar even though we were in casual attire. The bar area also filled up quickly with other people eating and drinking.
Unbeknownst to me, soft shell crab season is from April to October and they were recently taken off the menu.  It was a sad moment.  I really didn't have a backup plan, but it seems you can't go wrong with the food here.  The food menu was handwritten in cursive and is very difficult to read (especially through tears while morning the loss of not having to try those soft shell crabs).
Scallop Appetizer $20 - The 2 giant scallops were perfectly cooked and served with sauce that I want to lick every drop of.
Crab Salad $23 - Delicious crab meat.  I could do without all the lettuce :p
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )One of my favorite places to go for a special occasion.  You can't go wrong with really anything on the menu.  Soft Shelled Crab, veal, and the Clancy's salad is unbelievable!  The waiters take great care of you and are more than happy to help with anything you need.Well we drove across country from San Diego and were determined to have some good food in New Orleans.  We only had one night in there and were running behind.  We started calling places from San Antonio to try to get reservations, but most had business casual dress codes and wouldn't budge on it.  We called Clancy's and told them we were driving across country and really needed some good food that night and they told us that they would accept us in jeans.  What a understanding place.  They did warn that we needed to be their by 10PM which is closing.  Well it was almost 1PM and we were about 9 hours away.  We showed up at 9:57PM.  The kitchen was closing, but they remembered us from the phone call and kept the kitchen open.  I looked around and we were surly under dressed.
They treated us great.  Terrific waiter, made some suggestions.  Suggested a wonderful Cabernet and a terrific pino as well.  We started off with raw oyster and brie.  Had some wonderful shrimp gumbo as well.  The steak with crushed blue cheese on top was fantastic, as was the four huge scallops.  One of the most perfectly prepared scallop dishes I have ever head.  It ended with their wonderful lemon custard pie, served cold.  Wow, I loved this place.  They treated us great, were very understanding, made terrific suggestions, and served top quality food.  The prices were incredibly reasonable as well.  I have to say they made in impression on us, and we'll surely be back for another visit to New Orleans and Clancy's.  What a wonderful town.this place is tucked away in a little uptown neighborhood in new orleans. the food was excellent. i got the veal which was to die for. i had bites from my friends plates - they got the tuna and steak - both very good. everything down to the desserts were very good. their menu is not exactly what the south is known for but it was a great meal.Everything is awesome. Service, food, wine list, drinks, ambience. We enjoyed 4 courses recently and it was one of the best suppers I have had in a long, long time. Excellent value, too. To have a comparable dining experience in Seattle, for example, one would pay at least 2x what we paid at Clancy's. My group shared the fried oysters with brie (I die), sweetbreads, and lamb/veal meatballs (incredibly delicate and tasty) for appetizers. We also shared the arugula salad and kale salad; both were tasty. My main was the smoked duck, which was really flavorful and well-prepared. We also shared a few desserts (my choice was the bread pudding--love--but everything was great). Really a special experience.Here's when I wish Lanie L was here with me to give true justice to the food as she's so spot on in describing dishes. ((I'll shut my eyes and try and channel her spirit to do the food justice.)) 
Clancy's is on a corner in neighborhood somewhere in New Orleans. It's far away from the French Quarter and downtown. Cabbies smile with delight when you tell them that you want to go to Clancy's as they know a big fare is their reward. Your reward is some amazing food and superb service. 
We had a big group, 22 people. Not a problem for Clancy's except for payment. They will only process 8 credit cards. So be forewarned and bring plenty of cash or a check for your host(s). 
In addition to a robust regular menu, Clancy's has offers several specials. I had their soft shell crab special with crystal sauce. At first, when the waiter said crystal sauce, we looked at him with blank faces. He explained that Crystal is the local hot sauce like Tabasco, but milder. 
You get a large, pound and half soft shelled crab, lightly battered, sizzling hot and juicy, with Crystal sauce on the body. OMG!!! Each bite makes your mouth explode with flavor. As sides, there was some mashed sweet potatoes, simply done with some butter, which was a perfect as to not detract from the star power of the crab. Country greens also accompanies the crab which were tasty. I'm not sure what veggies comprises country greens. 
One of my fellow diners ordered another special. Veal liver Lyonnaise.  Normally I'd forsake eating veal because I don't like how calves are raised for veal. I was intrigued enough to try a bite. It was smooth, melt in your mouth liver with a subtle taste unlike beef liver. 
Another colleague ordered their pork chop. This is a double pork chop which they brine and grill to perfection. One bite was juicy and flavorful. I was reminded of how delicious pork is when done right.   It was covered with a greenpeppercorn demi glace.  
Clancy's has an extensive wine list. We drank several bottles of Saintsbury's 2007 Cabernet sauvignon. Unbelievably good! I'm looking for some it here in the Bay Area. 
Our waiter was attentive, keep things moving even though we were a large group and sometimes loud and boisterous. 
If you're visiting "The Big Easy", be sure and check out Clancy's. You'll be glad you did.A nice neighborhood restaurant which is very popular with the locals - a little loud however.  We had fried eggplant ( not as good as usual) and fried oysters and Brie ( excellent) as appetizers.  We had a nice leek and fried oyster soup which was very tasty.  The crabmeat salad was fairly good but had a little too much salad dressing.  My husband's grilled pompano was okay but the drum with crayfish looked good.  Two outstanding aspects of the meal - the delicious fresh bread and the desserts.  We were fighting over our shared peppermint ice cream and chocolate sauce, salted caramel pudding and lemon ice box pie.  The service was fair.  Although we're locals, we're not regulars and were treated as such.  It took forever to get one cocktail and the waiter, after we ordered our appetizers, asked us what we wanted for dinner without even telling us the specials.  I highly recommend anyone who is not local and who wants to try this restaurant ( which is good) to familiarize yourself with the recommended favorite dishes and comments before coming.Always a great spot to eat. One of my favs in a city of great restaurants. More like family than eating out. Best to sit downstairs in the front. Oysters and Brie is awesome, as are the sweetbreads and the soft shell crab. I also really like the warm duck (or crawfish) salad. The place is Naturally N'awlins. If you didn't like it, then you don't get what uptown is all about.Clancy's is a hidden gem that most visitors to New Orleans will miss.  It is in an out if the way neighborhood but well worth the trip.  Do not let the location keep you for experiencing this wonderful restaurant. Excellent food, attentive service and an impressive wine list.Clancy's is a hidden treasure. Locals know about it, but tourists rarely stumble upon it since its in a residential neighborhood. The waiters wear tuxedos and aren't shy about guiding you towards an especially great dish or limited special. 
Michael Lewis, the well known writer who was born and raised in New Orleans, says this his favorite local restaurant. Many people here share that view. 
The bartender, Garth, has worked here for years. Turnover among the staff is rare. If you don't know what to get ask for the Drum. But ask the waiter if its good. In fact, just ask the waiter if its one of the older gals or fellows. 
And don't tell the tourists you found this place bA rep from one the companies we purchase materials from was in town to meet with us and invited us out to dinner. I always like for everyone to experience as much of New Orleans as possible, so I recommended Clancy's for dinner. It's one of those upscale restaurants located right in the middle of an Uptown neighborhood near Audubon Park. 
The restaurant host, an affable, older guy, asked us if we wanted the quiet side or the noisy side, how great is that! We chose the noisy side with it's simple, understated, yet elegant dining room, since the wine would be flowing and we all knew each other pretty well from working together so long. 
Having been to Clancy's before, I knew how wonderful their soft shell crab entree is. But this time some other things caught my eye on the menu. I ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat and Crystal Hollandaise Sauce as my first course. Deliciously sublime! This dish blew me away with it's simplicity and it's perfect combo of flavor and 'hot sauce' tanginess! The crabmeat was plump and perfectly moist and the Crystal hollandaise was phenomenal. Needless to say that I used the bread to sop up all the sauce left on the plate. I think I have a new favorite appetizer! For the entree, I ordered the Veal with Crabmeat and Bernaise Sauce (with mashed potatoes and roasted veggies). I wasn't too crazy about the bernaise sauce but the dish was very tasty when the veal, crab and sauce were all in one bite. I also sampled the fried oysters and brie app. While very good, it was nowhere as good as the fried green tomato app. Overall the meal was quite enjoyable with a couple of bottles of petite sirah. The service was impeccable without being too over the top (you know, wiping away crumbs every 2 seconds).
It was my first post-K visit to Clancy's and I am already trying to figure out when I can go back. Gotta love a food and restaurant town...Stopped in last week for drinks and appetizers late one weekday night and I was surprised by how packed the place was for a Wednesday night at 9:00 PM.
I ended up having a couple Kentucky Mules at the bar.  The bartender made them a different way than I had seem made before but they were pretty good.  I'd order it again.
I had the sweetbreads to snack on and boy were they good!  I could have eaten a whole pan of them!  They were light and fried perfectly and the sauce that was poured over them was great... 4 may be plenty given how rich they are but I definitely wanted more.I love New Orleans! They have the best food ever! I always look forward visiting to try new places and Clancy's was the first on the list when I came to visit for work in Jan. 
We had our company dinner here at 9pm on a Saturday night. The place is a little far from downtown but definitely worth it. We reserved a table for 10. The place was a little small but they made us fit perfectly. There is a full bar upfront. We noticed a lot of locals come here and are super friendly. Some noticed we were from out of town and gave us suggestions about the menu. 
FYI: The menu was a bit hard to read. It is in a small cursive writing. We all had trouble reading it. Boo!! but it did not stop us from ordering almost everything on the menu. 
Appetizers: 
Sweetbreads- just to let you know this was the first time learning what this was and actually enjoying it. It was DELICIOUS. Would I eat it again? Nope! lol Wanna know what it is? Thyroid gland of a baby cow. Yup, I know! crazy! but I could not leave without trying it. It was pretty darn good! 
Fried Oysters with Brie- These were great. I love brie so the combination with fried oysters was amazing. 
Entrée: 
Risotto with Lobster and mushrooms- I ordered 1/2 an entrée because it was super late and I was getting full. Thank goodness I ordered just 1/2. I almost couldn't finish it. 
My coworker ordered the "Clancy's smoked duck" and OMG I wish I had ordered this. It was the most delicious smoked duck I have ever tasted in my life! I am craving it now as I write about it. The best. Make sure to order this! This makes the place get 5-stars! 
Service was great as well. Our ordered were ready quickly and our waiter was very outgoing/friendly. We enjoyed everything here. 
If you have not been to New Orleans make sure to put it on your list. The food here will not disappoint you! These are must try places!Stop what you are doing and go there.
RIGHT NOW. 
Ok, they may be close right now, but get there as soon as you can.  Absolutely EVERY item we ordered was close your eyes and savor it good.  
Did I mention you should go...RIGHT NOW?  If not, let me mention it.  The atmosphere is great.  There are not words for how amazing the food is and the service was impeccable. I am not sure I would have ever found this were it not for the recommendation of a couple of locals I know.  Thanks guys.  It was great.
GO THERE NOW.  And while you are there, get the fried green tomatoes.  I have wanted to try them for years...thanks to Clancy's for the fun of absolutely LOVING something that is on my food bucket list.
Trust me.Just back from a business trip to New Orleans and dinner at Clancy's with a group of about 15 people.  I lived there in the mid 1980's and became accustomed to outstanding food, but I have to say Clancy's ranks among my favorite dining experiences ever.  From the fried oysters with brie to the crabmeat salad, the transcendent trout almandine with light sauce, and the salted caramel mousse for dessert, every item was fantastic.  Colleagues raved about the softshell crab and filet mignon as well.  Service was professional, friendly, efficient but never rushed.  You don't have to be neighborhood local to feel welcome and utterly satisfied.Everything we ordered was delicious!  Lamb, oysters, crab, salad, duck, coconut cream pie, and bread pudding.  Our waiter was very attentive and always appeared at the right time.  He even added an extra lamb chop to our dish so that we could more easily share among four people.  He wasn't extremely friendly or enthusiastic, but that didn't seem necessary to me.  A lot of other reviews also mentioned dissatisfaction with the downstairs room and the bar, which I can't speak to since we sat upstairs.  It was a little cold at first, but our waiter turned the heater on at our request and it warmed up right away.It's definitely an Uptown place with a high sense of itself, but when you serve smoked softshell crab like they do, they can think anything they want. Excellent. Come back if the crab is not in season.Occasionally I get to go to a nice, fancy restaurant. Clancy's is one of those places. 
It's old school, a neighborhood restaurant. As in there is only street parking and it's surrounded by houses. The inside is all classy chairs, white table cloths, pictures of famous patrons, and servers in black tie. I think we had the same server as Ronnie R. While he was a consummate professional he was far from friendly. He took our drink orders (a Sazerac, of course) and made sure we didn't wont for anything but never once cracked a smile.
We started our meal with appetizers. I had oysters and brie, a classic. Clancy's does the classics right. I was served large, fried Gulf oysters with brie melted on top. There are few better ways to have oysters. I could have had another plate just as an entree. 
For my actual entree I had veal with crab meat and Bearnaise. The veal was superb and the crab perfectly complimented the sauce. The Bearnaise was rich and creamy and there wasn't too much to make the veal breading soggy. This was a fantastic and decadent meal.One of the top 3 restaurants in town, Mostly locals is an uptown residential neighborhood. Everything from the daily crabmeat salad to the fish dishes, veal annunciation, top of the line. My mouth always starts watering when I think of clancy'sSo so so good!! We have been here many times but went back tonight for a celebration and it was just as good as it always had been. Very kind staff and very consistent, delicious food. Crab has been replaced with crawfish on the menu due to the moratorium and we didn't even miss it that much- get the gnocchi for sure!I go to Clancy's every time I am NOLA. This is a place where you will find the locals. Where you know at least 3 other people in there every time you go there (that is if you are local) The food and the service cannot be beat. The place is not very big inside and the seating can be a little tight but that is just part of the experience. Everything I have had there is very good. The smoked duck is amazing and you have to get the oysters with Brie.  Uptown is my favorite area in New Orleans and Clancys is one of those places that keeps me coming back to this wonderful city.For exceptional service, delicious food, and stylized New Orleans in elegant simplicity, an uncomplicated lunch (or otherwise, I've only had dinner here once I think) here cannot be beat.  You will find Clancy's as you will some of the best spots in the city: tucked away in a neighborhood on a corner.  Finding a parking spot isn't always the easiest, but what are you gonna do?  This isn't Mayberry.
Recently we had our annual holiday lunch here.  Tearing through the baked oysters and brie then devouring the drum, I closed by sampling the coconut cream pie, lemon ice box pie, and eyed the chocolate whatever it was.
The bloody marys were well executed.  In hindsight I should've ordered mine spicy.  I don't drink coffee in restaurants, but my party drank the coffee and said it was strong, guessing with chicory.
The ambiance is akin to a toned down Galatoire's.  The walls are mirrored, the plate glass windows provide ample natural light, the seating is standard, and the ceiling is painted a classic shutter (deep) green.  There are private dining rooms and full bar just inside the main dining area.  
If I had the time and the money I'd probably eat here every week.I love Clancy's. I love the buzz that is always going on as soon as you walk in the door. I love that the bartenders can mix a cocktail that would rival any bar in the city.  I love that the waiters don't rush you to order, to eat, to leave. But what I REALLY love is the food. Their lobster risotto is enough to keep me going back time and again. This last visit, I opted for the veal cheeks. OMG, my own cheeks were smiling indeed after such a fantastic meal. Their gumbo, salads, desserts, it's all fabulous.Gentlemen, you can make a wonderful date-night out of this.  First, stop in for a drink at Monkey Hill.  Following, walk over to Clancy's.
The hostess immediately knew where to find our reservation upon us walking in, not one of those scurrying around flipping through a binder.  She sat us in 5 minutes.  Our waiter, even in the midst of a very busy night was attentive, polite, well-spoken, and overall a gentleman.  Our busboys were very polite and graceful!  I ordered the crab salad and duck.  Incredible.  After a coffee, our waiter politely ordered us a cab as he overheard we were heading to Frenchmen and had been drinking a lot of wine.  Next to us was your atypical uptown couple, and across from us, a rowdy table of alumni who got very cheery.  This restaurant is classy yet you were able to let loose and spill your drink without the staff and customers staring and frowning.  Everyone was in good spirits.  Best restaurant in New Orleans.I was very, very impressed, by this the "Galatoire's of Uptown," a name which seems more than appropriate. More Casual than Galatoire's, but slightly more expensive, the dining room reminded me of Galatoire's by being skinny, long, and loud. Loud is a good thing by the way; you feel free to be yourself. The food was delicious. This  could have very well been the best soft-shell crab I've ever had. The crab salad was great, and their Remoulade is in my top 5 (I'm very picky about my remoulade btw), although it was very pricy at $15. Don't skip this palce.I love going to Clancy's: the food is consistently good, and once you get to know the restaurant and it's menu, you'll never be disappointed here. For appetizers, the eggplant and sweetbreads are excellent. Oysters with Brie is very popular, but I could take it or leave it. I find the brie completely overpowers the oysters but that's me. Gumbo is ok. For entrees, get the fish if they have pompano, snapper or flounder. Sometimes it's drum or "puppy drum" or yellowfin tuna which are lesser eating fish in my book and I'd pass. Lamb chops are excellent, as are New Orleans classics that seem to be always on the menu: Spaghetti Bordelaise, soft shell crab meuniere and Chicken Pontalba will never disappoint. I'd not bother ordering steak here if they have it, it's not bad but steak isn't why you come here, is it? I've had a Lobster Risotto which was just so-so. The lemon ice box pie with a strong cup of coffee is an absolutely wonderful way to end a creole meal and I highly recommend getting dessert, even if you're not a dessert eater, get one and share it. Fruit ices are also good, especially in the heat of summer.
But one thing I love about Clancy's is it's energy. There's always a bustling energy here, the kind that comes from neighborhood friends patronizing frequently, the ringy clings of cocktail glasses accompanying friendly conversation. 
The vibe is not formal but you'll see lots of jackets and ties because that's what people came in from work. If you patronize the restaurant frequently, you will be remembered as the staff has little turnover and will always treat you special.The food and service were great. Unfortunately, we were seated in the worst table in the restaurant; right outside the kitchen. My son, whose birthday we were celebrating, was jostled and bumped all evening. Don't accept that table.Wonderful place! Upscale fine dining and you better make reservations well in advance. It is $$$ but the food is awesome!Every dish the group of 7 ordered was cooked to perfection, including my GF'S lamb shanks, which were incredible! Service gets a 10 and desert was nothing short of amazing.Clancy's is a classic example of why New Orleans is one of the culinary capitals of the South. Nestled along Annunciation in a residential hood around Uptown, this place is the perfect getaway from the busy touristy parts of the city and into the very den locals dine at and might I add, in amazing fashion.
Coming here with a few local friends, some sober and the others not, we all managed to come away mighty impressed with everything Clancy's had to offer. Even without a reservation, we were seated a stone's throw away from the bar and marveled at most of the items listed in their menu - despite struggling with our ability to read it (which is in serious cursive)
From the very start to finish, service was impeccable. After the bartender had hooked us up with some killer old fashioned cocktails, we got rowdy enough to get some stares. Our waiter never wavered, remaining efficient and witty, while making some killer recommendations for food. We settled eventually for Clancy's Crabmeat Salad ($16), Fried Oysters w/Brie ($12), Breaded Boudin Sausage ($10), Clancy's Smoked Duck ($29), Lobster Risotto ($30), Gumbo ($11), and Veal with Crawfish and Bernaise ($26). Granted it was a lot of food, but we cleaned it off our plates with pleasure.
The crab meat salad was worth the hype. It was creamy, crabby, and strangely addicting. Fried oysters with brie didn't initially appeal to me, but the texture of the crunch with the baked cheese made for a fabulous bite. Of all of the entrees, the winner of the bunch was easily the lobster risotto. Chunks of delicious lobster, mushrooms, and risotto rice all seasoned in symphony for one delicious spoonful after another.
This meal wasn't cheap but it was all about the experience. Given our stellar initial go around, I trust future visits will be on par with some of the best NOLA has to offer. Be it a special occasion or a casual (slightly upscale) meal, Clancy's is going to be a mainstay for my NOLA must visit list.Our favorite restaurant in town. Neighborhood  charm, so you don't have to fight the crazies for old school touches. Awesome service!! Smoked Duck blew me away and I have tried it in millions of places, so everyone must order that. Filet was good and my husband loved the Veal Annunication. 
Awesome bar to sip cocktails before dinner, so go early and enjoy yourself. Don't under dress.....Sometimes traditional is boring...but not here.  It's traditional at it's best.  The food does not disappoint and the wait staff is great.  Not a large space so reservations are a must.  The bar is small but energetic.  One of my favorite spots in New Orleans.Charming, sure. But charm spills out all over this city. This place is doing nothing interesting.Amazing sea scallops - must order! Great charm and ambience a little old school with modern touches - as warm as walking into someone's home for dinner- my favorite restaurant here so farClancy's is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  I've been to quite a few of the big names - Commander's, Arnaud's, Brennan's, Bourbon House just to name a few, and this place still blows them away in my book.  Don't get me wrong, I'd give Commander's a 5 star, I just wish I could give Clancy's a 6.
It's way off the beaten path.  You'll never find it wandering around the standard tourist trails.  You may not find it if you live in the city.  It's a touch on the pricey side, but absolutely worth every penny.  Entrees range from $25 - $35.
What I had -
Sweetbreads of the day.  When I went, they were fried and in a mushroom sauce with a bit of a relish / salad to lighten them up.  These were tasty, but actually may have been my least favorite part.  I'd give them 4 stars because the mushroom was a bit on the heavy side and I couldn't taste the sweetbread too well.
Other appetizers that are delicious = Oysters with Brie.  Fried oyster on wilted greens with melted brie.  Amazing.
Entree - 
Get the smoked duck.  Just do it.  Everything else will be incredibly tempting.  My friend had the veal with lump crab and bearnaise and it was the best veal I've ever had.  Had a bite of the filet and the quality was great.  The duck was better.  It's a smoked duck breast, along with a leg quarter.  It's served with some vegetables as well as a bit of pasta.  The sauce is what makes the dish.  I have no idea what it is, except it's sweet / smokey / spicy / hearty / delicious.  Have the duck in it, then sop it up with the pasta.
Dessert -
Lemon icebox pie - traditional, very tart lemon ice box pie.  I love this kind of thing, so it was right up my alley.  If you're feeling something else, they also had a salted caramel parfait that was remarkably good.
Throw in some good wine and a great cup of coffee and you're in heaven.  Go.  Now.It's not in the French Quarter and considered a "local" favorite. The food was real solid classic Cajun/Creole but...the ambiance absolutely sucks. Tables are jammed packed together much like Cafe du Monde. The noise level was insane and you could not converse with someone across the table from you. If you want to go to a local joint with good local flavor consider Clancy's but if you want to enjoy the dining experience, maybe go somewhere else.Clancy's is "Old New Orleans."  You won't find this place unless you are a native of NOLA are a well informed traveler.  With the ambiance of a place where the elite meet to eat and the menu of the real New Orleans, this place is a clear winner.  Don't overlook their well stocked bar and great bartenders.  Give yourself a treat.  Eat at Clancy's!Went here during a recent trip to New Orleans.  Everything we had was delicious.  I ordered the baby drum with smoked salmon and could not have been more satisfied.  The wait staff and hostess were very personable as well.  The food is expensive, but you certainly get what you pay for!  My boyfriend and I were talking about our wonderful dinner for a few days afterwards.  It was especially nice to get out of the touristy French Quarter and experience something different.  I highly recommend Clancy's!Clancy's is one of the great neighborhood restaurants of New Orleans. It's great for special occasions- birthdays, anniversaries, dates, out of town guests. The downstairs can be loud and boisterous, the upstairs is much quieter. I'm sure Clancy's serves many tasty dishes, but when I go I always order the same thing- the crabmeat salad, the lobster risotto (a  1/2 order), and the peppermint ice cream with chocolate sauce for dessert. I know, you love the oysters with brie, the paneed veal with crabmeat, and lemon icebox pie. Chacun à son gout.When planning for our time in New Orleans a friend recommended this restaurant he is a local and said that it would be great. It sure lived up to its reputation. A true neighborhood restaurant and bar with lots of locals. Lively atmosphere excellent waiters and the food was outstanding. We had the pompano fish In a citrus sauce, and a veal Oscar with crab. For dessert we had their bread pudding, the bourbon sauce  was the hit of the night! The wine list is extensive and the drinks were made with a generous pour. Definitely  Will recommend this restaurant to our friends.This place looked like a fancy local Garden District favorite to the people in the restaurant. We got the veil,the lamb and the char-grilled oysters for appetizers. The veil was just o-k, but I recommend getting the lamb! The waitstaff is really nice and thorough.One of my favorite places to go in New Orleans for a special occasion.  
I am not food critic, but this place serves some of the best meals I have had in NOLA, and I have been almost everywhere there!!!!!  
Excellent place, you will not be disappointed.Well, it has a second floor! so I can have a table without reservation.
I tried the fried oyster, which taste ok, but I don't like the sauce on it. The trout of the day will be great if added more salt. For dessert I tried the lemon ice box, which is nice. I'll come again to try some other dishes.What a wonderful dining experience! I loved how the waiter was willing to give us his input on the menu, and his guidance led us to have the most enjoyable dinner in this quaint neighborhood restaurant. Will definitely be coming back!Hole in the wall with the best damn food in NOLA and basically NO tourists. All well healed locals. The smoked duck was best.Clancy's is incredible. Service is fantastic and the food is even better. We sat downstairs, which some might say is too loud. I think it's lively. I don't really want to be at a place where no one is talking to each other or instead has taken to whispering in the back corner. Reminds me of impending divorces or mafia dens.  
Ok. Lets talk about food. You know that feeling you get after eating so much because everything on the menu looks delicious and you have to try it all? That sick yet satisfied feeling? You don't get that at Clancy's! everything is so well proportioned and the food is light and delicious that we cleaned our plates, with room for dessert. 
To start, we got a bottle of wine for the table and i ordered a very strong old fashioned. For appetizers, the four of us ate every bite of the crab claws, famous clancy's crabmeat salad, fried oysters with Brie and the fried eggplant with aioli sauce. It was all fantastic. The salad lived up to the hype and was big enough to split between all of us. The oysters and Brie literally melt in your mouth with a perfect blend of crispy and gooey warm cheesy goodness. 
The specials sounded really good but we had our minds made up before we got out of the car (thanks yelp!). For entrees we got the filet with bernaise, the pannee veal annunciation, lobster risotto and the smoked soft shell crab. I didn't try the filet or veal but my friends ate all of it. The lobster risotto was delicious and flavorful and the soft shell crab was heavenly, although the smoked taste was a little strong. 
Dessert! We split the butterscotch caramel parfait with sea salt (omg), the famous ice box pie (very cold but fantastic) and the peach cobbler (also great). 
I didn't see the bill - I'm sure it was expensive - but it was worth it. Great place to take people from out of town, or locals who just want some amazing neighborhood food. Make sure you have reservations. We went at 6:30 and it was already getting crowded. I'd suggest a sweater if you get cold easily. There's a bar too, which we didn't get a chance to sit at, but it looked nice. I'll definitely be back, hopefully soon.My top pick of the eateries that I had in New Orleans. Definitely have to call in and reserve a table or else you may not get to eat there. The crowd is definitely for the elderly sophisticated people. The food was to die for. Loved the bread, chicken, duck, and crawfish spagattini. Roasted to perfection so beware ordering items on the grill, it takes a long time until the food comes because it is cooked on the spot.Typically when I'm scouting local food joints, I try to minimize the higher priced, dress code required places, but Clancy's was well worth the deviation from the norm. 
The menu is hard as heck to read.  It's handwritten cursive that's been photocopied.  After deciphering what was what, the fun began.  We had a great wine recommendation from the sommelier (sadly I don't remember what is was).  I started with the crab bisque that was divine.  Next was a pork entrée and finished up with dessert.  Overall, the food was fresh and tasteful and the presentation was perfect. 
Definitely make a reservation or get there right when they open at 5pm, because this places fills up quickly!  We arrived at 4:50pm for dinner and I kid you not, by 5:20, there were no more open tables.  
Expected attire is a little nicer than the jeans and chucks I had on, but they didn't give us any flack.  Now that I think about it, not only was the food great, but the service was pretty amazing as well.Old school restaurant - white linen tables, beautiful service and some serious good food.  Been there many times and even chose it as my graduation dinner location.  Brie-oyster is awesome as is the soft shell crab.  Downstairs is more family style - louder and tables are closer togeter.BLUF:  High-end new orleans local favorite.
One of the fancy but lesser known new orleans restaurants tucked away in an Uptown neighborhood.  Very local feel which is awesome.
We started with oysters and they were great.
For my bday meal i got the steak and it was great but not amazing.
My wife got a rissotto which was very rich and pretty good.  
I like the place but not enough to become a regular.  Eat here to feel like a local.I grew up in Uptown New Orleans, not far from Clancy's.  I've never had a bad meal here.  I've never had a truly transcendent, once-in-a-lifetime meal here either, but that's not what this place offers.  Instead, they're giving you solid, traditional (but not cliched) New Orleans (and New American, and French) cooking, executed perfectly and without pretension.  The beauty of this place is the consistency.  The menu is extensive and the food is always good. The service is always top-notch and attentive.  I just love the warm feeling I get whenever I walk in the door.  
Clancy's is particularly good for special occasion dinners.  It's upscale without being stuffy.  It's boozy and occasionally loud, which is great when you're celebrating something.  
Because it's an uptown mainstay, it probably helps to be a local or a regular.  But tourists (though hard to find) are of course welcome.  I would suggest doing as the locals do, though, and wearing something other than sneakers and a Hawaiian shirt.This is one the best meals I've ever eaten.  Excellent quality from the food to the waitstaff.  Our waiter was perfectly polite and offered suggestions (that were fabulous) when we requested them.  Most of us ordered the smoked soft shell crab which was absolutely phenomenal.  I had the turtle soup which had a little more complex flavor but was not as rich as the one at Commander's Palace (though still equally as good).    What an excellent place with a brilliant attention to detail, style, and flavor.  One of the best (and tastiest!) dining experiences of my life.  On my next trip to NO I'll try to go here at least twice.Love this place. I always get the fish special because I know it's fresh. (hint: not all New Orleans restaurants serve fresh fish regardless of what they tell you. This one does.)
Yes, it can be loud but if that's a problem, go early or ask to be seated upstairs or in the room just past the bar. Parking can be a pain but since Uber, that has become much less of a problem. Lots of good people watching here. I've seen movie stars and quarterbacks on several occasions. 
Hubby loves the sweetbreads here. Order anything with crabmeat and you won't be disappointed. 
And they'r open on Mondays when a lot of places are closed.We sure do just love this place. Even Will Farrell loves this place!  
We always start with the eggplant sticks and oysters. Then turtle soup. Then every dinner option is amazing. Our most favorite is probably the trout and filet topped with Stilton. 
And gosh, the desserts are to die for, especially the peppermint ice cream. 
You can never go wrong here.Oh where to start! The oysters with brie - just get them! You think they will be too rich and they are just plain perfect. Stop it- get them!
The drum was so moist and the peppers and shrimp were just plain decadent.
I need to head back for a few more dishes but the lemon box pie was so cool and just the right combo of tart-sweet to end the meal on a light note. 
As we were seated in Siberia upstairs the waitstaff were very attentive and not rushed- the wine list was a-ok for this Californian wine snoot and I'd love to come back soon to try more of Clancy's phenomenal food.It's tough to find a good bowl of gumbo where we live in Austin so this past week, while visiting New Orleans for a conference, we took it upon ourselves to find the Best Gumbo in New Orleans.
We used yelp and asked locals for recommendations, ending up checking out Herbsaint, Jacques-imo's, Atchafalaya, Commander's Palace and a few others that aren't worth mentioning.
Clancy's was the WINNER with Herbsaint and Commander's rounding out the top three.  - Seriously great Gumbo, wish we could get this in ATX.
We also had the Boston Salad, House Specialty Smoked Soft Shell Crab and Fried  Oysters with Brie and Bananas Foster Bread Pudding.
If I had it to do all over again I'd just get a double bowl of Gumbo and the Boston Salad.  The Smoked crab was just a little too much for me and I'd rather just double up on Clancy's amazing gumbo.
Nonstop flights from Austin to the Big Easy start soon so we will definitely be back, even if we just fly in for a day or two.Ever since I went here, I've been dying to go back! I've been craving the Risotto with Lobster and Mushrooms soooo bad. Oh and the Fried Oysters with Brie? OMG. Soooooo delicious. Not only did I love everything I tried here, I had the best time. I went with my mother and her friends and we were having such a great time that people asked us more than once to please keep it down. Great night. I'd love to have a drink in the downstairs bar area first - I didn't get a chance to do that before. Some cocktail that my mother and her friends were having was a huge hit - not sure what it was. I stuck to wine. 
This restaurant is located in an old house in Uptown and I just love places like that. They have so much real New Orleans charm and I'm a huge fan of Uptown. It's located right in the middle of residential neighborhood close to Audubon.My last visit was amazing. The food was outstanding. I took my family for my daughters graduation lunch and it was perfection. I find it consistently good and I have rarely been disappointed.
I love this restaurant and Brian Larson is a fine, fine, chef.
Keep it up, Clancy's!First timer and could not have been more pleased. Clancy's staff was attentive and knew the details on a daily changing menu exceptionally well. The oysters in Brie maybe be the best oyster preparation I have ever had, a very light dusting of seasoned flour makes for a remarkably delicate dish. The crab maison gives all the French Quarter traditions a standard to achieve, a lighter mayo base than most and it is accompanied by a deviled egg with bacon that should be a dish on it's own. Any of the on site smoked entres will create a debate over which is best, soft shelled crab, duck or bone in double pork chop.
  I departed Clancy's thinking there were at least 10 menu options I might have selected and still had an amazing evening.
  Get in the cab and make the trek out to this neighborhood treasure!In a town that is literally filled with great restaurants, Clancy's has always been one of my favorites. I ate here for the first time in 1988 (via Tulane) and have made it my first dinner in New Orleans for at least the past ten visits (after a great po-boy at Domilise's for lunch). There is a lot to like about Clancy's. First of all, it is in Uptown, away from the crowds and tourists (sadly, I have to call myself one). It is a charming house which is pretty common for restaurants in town. I myself like to sit upstairs in the wine room and would suggest that you request it as well. The Maitre D has been there as long as I have been eating at Clancy's and is always very helpful, friendly, and accommodating. For that matter, my waiter this past week, had "only" been there for 3 years. Most of the staff has been there much longer. They must be do something right to elicit such loyalty. Despite the great atmosphere and exemplary service, I would not keep coming back if the food did wow me as well. I cannot recall ever having anything that was not very good or better in all of my visits. Some favorites, although certainly not inclusive: fried eggplant, boston salad (something about that dressing!), anything smoked, the fish of the day, and the lemon ice box pie (even in November). Bottom line, to me, a trip to New Orleans is not complete without a meal at Clancy's (and Commanders Palace too).Clancy's was very accommodating when unexpectedly another couple showed up to join us for dinner, they moved us to a bigger table in a flash.  Our server was very good, the dinner was delicious and we had the best time.Although our reservation was at 6pm, we were seated as soon as we walked in at 5:30pm. The ambience was nice. The restaurant is quite quaint. The service was excellent. Our servers were attentive despite a packed restaurant. Food was delicious! I usually order the risotto but decided to get the soft shell crab instead since it was in season. It was delightfully smoky. I will say that my favorite soft shell crab is from Brigtsen's but this was a good second best. Dessert was some kind of mousse topped with a shot of bourbon, caramel and whipped cream.Prepare yourself for an adventure if you are visiting NOLA and dare to venture beyond the usual tourist confines for this neighborhood gem. It's a $20 cab ride through some sketchy areas before you arrive at the restaurant. On busy nights, you will most likely wait, even if you have a reservation. The bar is tiny, so most people grab a drink and wait outside creating a lively scene.
The menu is hand-written and changes nightly. For the first course, we split the seared scallops with foie gras. The scallops were perfectly seared and the foie gras added to the richness. For my main course, I opted for the veal with crab bernaise. My partner in crime had the soft shelled crab. (On the way back to the hotel, our cab driver told us that we had picked the two best things on the menu.) Both entrees were great - my veal was perfectly cooked and the crab and bernaise were such a complement to the buttery veal. I tried a bit of the soft shelled crab for kicks and it was a winner - such a sweetness to the crab. 
We had to get dessert because there was no resisting lemon ice box pie and strawberry shortcake. So thoroughly Southern and a perfect way to end your meal.
I have to say I felt at home here - thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
Word to the wise: we arrived a few minutes early for our 9pm reservation and the hostess did not have our reservation. ACK. Luckily, we found the person that actually took the reservation and we did really have a spot. Make sure you get the name of who takes your reservation and it might be wise to call and confirm before you leave. Better to be safe so you can enjoy a meal that promises to be a good one!There are two restaurants I will make a beeline for when I go back to Nola; Clancy's is one of them.
This place has great character.  It's in the middle of a residential neighborhood far Uptown (a signature New Orleans characteristic).  It's nice but not stuffy inside.  There's a little bar where you can get lubricated, but don't come here for drinks.  Come here for the crabs.
They know how to do soft shells here at Clancy's, but my favorite version involves crabs that are smoked and then fried.  If there is a better way to eat, I haven't seen it.  Other highlights: shrimp and grits, duck, and the brined pork chop.  Make sure someone at your table orders those smoked soft shells, though, because you'll want at least one bite of those babies.
It's crowded and it's loud and there's a lot of old-school snobbery from some of the guests.  Who cares?  Just get the crabs already.Tucked away in a quiet residential area uptown, this is as far away from the beaten path as you can get if you're a tourist. Extremely knowledgeable and attentive staff, wide selection of entrees, and great wine list. 
I recommend the lump crabmeat salad as a starter (I'm not sure they offer the oyster trio anymore), Clancy's Smoked Duck (accompanied with a small serving of spaghetti and grilled asparagus), and LEMON ICE BOX PIE! 
Reservations are a must. The only drawback...it can get a bit noisy (especially if seated downstairs). 
Business dinners are usually a bummer for me, but not when we go here! By far, one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans!!!Yessss. *This* is what I wanted from New Orleans.
A true neighborhood spot, off the beaten path, filled with regulars. I do believe we were the only tourists there, which I loved. Although the waiters buzz around in tuxes there's no stuffy jacket required atmosphere. And most of those waiters, mind you, are the real deal: they've been in the business forever and their experience shows. 
The menu is handwritten each day and reflects the various specials of the season. I'd call it an American menu with heavy Creole influence: perfect for seafood and steak lovers alike. The soft shell crab was as good as everyone said: the best I've ever had. Also, don't leave without trying the lemon ice box pie. Perfect mix of tart and sweet, quite possibly the best dessert of my life. And no, I'm not one to sensationalize these kinds of things. 
If you are a tourist, I can't recommend Clancy's highly enough (as long as you have a car). Get out of the French Quarter, drive around the Garden District and Audobon Park before dinner, and experience New Orleans as the locals do. It's so much better this way.One of my favorite old school Uptown restaurants in New Orleans which is nestled in a quaint little neighborhood not too far from Audubon Park. Open the front doors to a world of excitement, old New Orleans charm and glamour.  Getting a table is nearly impossible unless you have reservations. The bar is equally packed to the max where Clancy's fiercely loyal bartender serves up a mad martini and other drinks as well. He knows his wines too! French bread and a stick of butter show up for you to dive into before your meal. The smoked soft shell is a must. The Béarnaise sauce has a perfect consistency to slather all over your filet mignon. Not only does the pan roast chicken Tchoupitoulas smell heavenly, it will leave you wanting to come back for more. Lemon icebox pie can't be beat.Love this little gem in NOLA.  Off the beaten path so worth it.  Food is amazing and atmosphere is so relaxing but not stuffy.  It's a must when you are visiting the Crescent City.Oh, man, Clancy's. Why are you so good? I come here maybe once a year for very special occassions- birthdays, a nice date night. The food is great. The staff is very attentive. I've never eaten on the first floor, only on the second floor. From what I remember, I have eaten the risotto with lobster, and angel hair pasta with crab meat, and always ALWAYS the red peppermint ice cream. If anyone else can lead me to where I can get red peppermint ice cream in New Orleans (besides Creole Creamery) please let me know! The old host used to always say, "Y'all drive careful now, ya hear!" Awesome. 
Clancy's is deep inside uptown, which is beautiful for an early evening dinner. I love it. It's pricey, but it's nice for a one in a while splurge.The best restaurant in New Orleans. Located in a cozy neighborhood a long way from the quarter, this place doesn't see many tourists. Fortunately, we were with locals who frequent Clancy's and even have a regular waitress. Everything we tried was from very good to absolutely fantastic. 
Appetizers included fried oysters with brie, sweetbreads (the best I've ever had and without any gritty texture), the soup of the day (a delicious bisque) and an appetizer portion of the entree risotto with lobster and mushrooms (perfectly prepared - my second favorite item of the night). We shared several items for dinner including the smoked (and fried) soft shell crap topped with additional crab meat (best I've ever had) and the veal annunciation (also amazing). Our hosts advised that you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu, ever. I know I'll make the trek out here next time I'm in the city.    Desert was very good but not as memorable for me as the dinner, although I'm not much of a desert kinda guy.
Full bar and good (New Orleans old school style) service. The restaurant is pretty small and was full of locals, so call ahead and make a reservation if recommended.  Ask your waitperson to call a cab when you are finished as you're not going to hail one out here - probably $25-30 back to the quarter. Prices are a little higher than comparable options in the city, but the food quality really is second to none.Had reservations for 8:30 on a Saturday night. Pay heed to the other reviews saying to dress up a tiny bit...this is a classy old crowd (mostly), and you don't want to get side-eyes throughout your whole meal. It's not good for digestion.
We ordered the fried oysters with brie. They were alright, but every flavor was the same profile: buttery oysters, buttery brie, and buttery spinach. The romaine & raddichio salad was better. 
Entrees: Risotto and Chicken Tchoupitoulas. The risotto was good...not too fishy and not too creamy. Chicken dish was the standout. Highly recommend it. Dessert was creme brulee, and it was well executed
Service was hit and miss. It took 20 minutes to get our drinks and order in. After we placed our order, the service picked up.This was great. We found it on the web when we were looking for places to eat while we were in NO, this place did not disappoint us at all!  Service was great, food was excellent, drinks fantastic!  We will remember our experience here for years to come!!This is my second time here and the food has been awesome. The atmosphere and ambiance is really good. Reservations is a must. The only downfall is the noise when it's a full house other than that I will come back here every time I'm in town.Clancy's is a great, consistent, fun New Orleans dinner.  I grew up in NOLA, and whenever people ask me for restaurant recommendations I suggest Clancy's as a more local, non-touristy spot.  The downstairs dining room is cozy with a great atmosphere and always full of fun banter.  Upstairs is also great, especially for a larger group or private event.  I prefer Clancy's for a festive group dinner rather than an intimate special occasion, though it works well for both.
The Clancy crabmeat salad and the fried oysters with brie are always a great way to start.  The fish is always fresh, and the veal dishes are amazing (although I have found the Veal Annunciation to be a bit heavy- it can come out as more fried than paneed).  I try to order something new whenever I go- it is all so good.
Great drinks and food, friendly people, warm atmosphere.  Never disappoints.Good food but a little overpriced for the quality. Everything was good but nothing was amazing or original. The service was very good and have no complaints about anything, just not that memorable.Arriving just moments after my reservation time I found parking in what appeared to be someone's front yard and made my way to the comfy looking corner restaurant where I was greeted by a friendly older fellow who confirmed my reservation and led me to a nice two top in the middle of the room - handing me a copy of the hand-written menu I heard the now-familiar "put the bread on 'em" uttered to one of the ancillary servers as he walked away.
Arriving before the bread I was greeted by my primary server - tuxedo clad, extremely professional, and with a thick southern accent - who explained the nightly specials to me, specifically the daily soup and sweetbreads prep and fielded my menu questions.  Ordering coffee, a rich blend with a good bouquet of floral and fig tones, to go with the meal I was offered a magazine - the newest issue of Food and Wine - to read while I waited (a nice touch I'd not seen since my visit to The Dining Room in San Francisco.)
Browsing my magazine and sipping my coffee one of the ancillary servers next brought me a loaf of delicate French bread still piping hot from the oven and a half-stick of salted butter.  The best French bread of the trip without a doubt I had no difficulty finishing the loaf during the course of the meal and was offered more with my main - an offer which I declined but only with much restraint.  Looking around the room I'm pretty sure I was the only non-local in the place and it seemed that even moreso than Brigtsen's that Clancy's is a place where the servers know everyone.
Arriving after about twenty minutes was a dish that came highly recommended - the Oysters and Brie.  Cornmeal fried, juicy and sweet, the oysters sat atop pan seared crispy spinach and each of the four were topped with a sizable chunk of creamy and tangy Brie.  A combination I'd not have thought of personally I was actually quite impressed at how the two main ingredients worked together with each brining out the subtleties of the other without masking their characteristic flavors - it is actually quite surprising more restaurants aren't pairing this combination.
For my second dish - arriving approximately 10 minutes after I'd finished my Oysters and Brie...more Oysters...this time a half dozen.  Served out of their shell and baked in a stainless steel pan the dish contained a 50/50 split of classic Oysters Rockefeller and Oysters with smoked Boudin - both topped with a creamy and buttery hollandaise.  Beginning first with the Rock - a good preparation with sweet and salty oysters topped with ample garlic, onion, anise, and spinach mixed with bread crumbs.  Moving next to the boudin, imagine the flavor of juicy oysters and spicy pork with a gossamer finish that tasted almost of foie gras...impressive and every bit worth the $13.95 price tag.
When it came to main courses at Clancy's I was torn - did I want to get a few more appetizers (the crab salad, the shrimp and grits, the eggplant) or did I want to get the duck...at my server's suggestion I went with the duck.  Smoked in house and a very large portion (I'm pretty sure more than 1/2 a duck) I will admit that the Duck itself was phenomenal - it tasted almost akin to smoked pork ribs, but with the characteristic texture of duck and featuring a crispy and sweet skin...beautiful and quite different from any duck I've previously had.  Where the duck shined its plate-mates unfortunately did not - some decent pan seared vegetables and a boring "out-of-the-bag" pasta with butter and chives - certainly not on par with the sides at Brigtsen's, NOLA, or CP.
Finishing my duck my server returned and asked if he could tempt me with dessert.  No menu available and recited perfectly from memory there were certainly some great choices, albeit no bread pudding.  Suggesting the "famous" Lemon Ice Box pie but also praising the house made ice creams, a coconut cream pie, and a butterscotch pudding I decided to go with the Ice Box Pie - even though I don't love lemons I'd heard good things.  Table crumbed and coffee refilled my pie arrived quite quickly and what it lacked in presentation it more than made up for in flavor.  Not tart like a standard lemon meringue pie I'm rather certain the secret to this dish was the use of Meyer lemons and balancing them with both gelatin and ice cream.  Firm but not hard, cold but not freezing, sweet but balanced, fruity but also vanilla and creamy - very nice and certainly worthy of it's praise.
Wandering past the bar to visit the restroom I noted a couple of folks dining at the bar while chatting with the bartender and was impressed by how quiet it was - very old school and homey, the kind of place I could imagine someone popping into after work for a drink and some appetizers.  Excellent down to earth food and excellent down to earth people - Clancy's is the kind of place I expected to find in New Orleans.My favorite restaurant in the city. Go here every holiday season. Can't go wrong with the oysters and Brie, Veal Annunciation, or Boston Salad. Service is generally pretty good.Tasty Food
Steak is good.
Foie Gras on scallops= DelishPreviously, Clancy's was my favorite New Orleans restaurant. Lately, however, my positive opinions have decreased. While I love the atmosphere, and some of the appetizers like the brie and oysters are amazing, the service has declined. They got my orders right, but it dragged and dragged. Our table was there for over 3 hours. Also, I must mention that I got food poisoning from the tuna. It tasted fine at the time, albeit more rare than expected, but that night and the following day I was horribly sick.A favorite neighborhood restaurant in New Orleans that stays true to its roots as a good bar that has evolved into one of the city's must experiences. Parking is always a challenge--take a cab--but that is the only negative.
Start with excellent service from waiters and servers. Always responsive and prompt--no matter the situation. Then the bar is superb--there is no classic cocktail that can't make spot on; there's a solid selection of local brews and the wine list is expansive but not out of control. 
You get the idea: balance and quality are rules here. Everyone has their favorite starters. Mine is the crabmeat salad with any of the seafood choices not far behind. Others grab the Clancy version of a Caesar salad and the soaps/gumbos also have that undefinable something special.
The entrees--again any fish or seafood here is almost a perfect choice. I had the pork chop this time: wow do they know how to grill meats and add sauces that are truly accompaniments not overpowering. Sides get plenty of attention, with my group liking their roasted potatoes, sweet potatoes, greens (wonderful), summer veggies, etc. 
You do want to go for desserts here because a lot of thought and care go into them. Lemon icebox pie a real favorite. 
And then the service once again. Had a couple in my group that would never be pleased with the entrees they ordered--unreasonable, yes. Clancy comped the desserts to even it up. Yep--it is that type of classy place.I wish I could give more stars, it's not like anything was horrible but I mean REALLY REALLY REALLY expensive for what you get. I was in sticker shock when I opened up the menu because I was meeting some colleagues here and I had already spent a fortune on a cab getting here from the convention center. Anyway, my major problem was the cost for quality issue. I had a small crab salad and an iced tea and it was 38 dollars (with tax and tip). It was good but not like the best thing I've ever had in my life. But nice ambiance, great service. I think in general I was a little disappointed with my experience because you expect GREAT food when you visit New Orleans and this place just felt a little overhyped and overpriced.Perfect place for a work dinner. 
Everyone was impressed with the extraordinary service. 
They came back constantly to refill from our wine bottles. 
I must have the deviled eggs, oysters and soft shell crab everytime. It was the perfect choice. 
I always harp on parking in these areas but it wasn't that bad.Awww a real old school restaurant.
This place is the way going to dinner used to be - classy and slow and comfortable and lovely from start to finish.
The food as everyone knows is consistent and well prepared. Super menu: long enough to be diverse, concise enough to make up your mind.
Wine list is the same - concise, diverse, delicious, and easy.
I don't eat dessert often but love to be tempted - and here the bread pudding, that old-skool stand-by was warm from the inside out and full of flavor.
The prices here are better than the flashy new loud restaurants back in the tourist district.
Service here is welcoming and attentive - even though they were super busy Saturday night, our server was always on point filling our wine glasses.
Though when he introduced himself and described Clancy's as a "neighborhood" restaurant I giggled - this place is on every tourist list in town lol.
I like this place! Great Date Night Locale.Clancy's was the final dinner for my birthday tour of NOLA. It didn't disappoint at all. It has a great ambiance right off the bat. The service is great too. You feel at home right away. For starters, I split the fried oysters with Brie and the shortbreads. Both were great, but I'd come back for the oysters. It lived up to the hype for sure. For my entree, I had the special of the night which was lobster risotto. Their portions are huge. I eat so much, and struggled so much to even finish it. It was enough for two people. Maybe even a third. For dessert, we did the bread pudding and a coconut pie slice. At this point, I couldn't breathe I was so full. Don't be surprised to see the Manning family at Clancy's. They were here when I visited and heard they visit quite often. Highly recommend Clancy's and can't wait to return.The food rated a 4 star rating.  We visited on a Monday with reservations and showed up 5 minutes early.  They were half full.  The service was weird however.  We immediately had icewater poured...then 10 minutes went by.  There were a variety employees standing and chatting to each other. It was unclear if we had been forgotten.   After 10 minutes a person (not a waiter) came to take a drink order which was delivered by another person (not a waiter) 10 minutes later.  So at 30 minutes in an older guy shows up to explain the specials...we had already decided on appetizers...and he said "if you don't order everything at the same time, your dinner may not come out orderly".  We asked for a wine list and quickly decided on the rest and ordered including the wine within 3 minutes.  Once our order was in the appetizers came quickly followed by the salad and entrees.  Almost too quickly.  Then we ordered desert.  Another 10 minute wait and when we were ready for the check another 10 minute wait and 10 minutes to process it and sign.  It seemed they had 2 waiters, 2 people filling water and clearing tables and 2 people who delivered food/drink.  
I liked the food and some was very original.  The oysters with brie cheese were very good and my girlfriend's fish was exceptional.  My filet was okay.  6-8 0z for $38.  Whatever.  
My overall concern is that the staff seemed not to be engaged or in any hurry to get you a drink or take any order.  They filled your water every 3-5 minutes, but the waiter only came twice to out table.One of the very best in New Orleans.  Classic and timeless.  Excellent menu and food.  To some degree locals only.  In a very cool neighborhood.Excellent, excellent!  Wonderful dinner and superb bar.  I have the fried oysters appetizer with sea scallops for my main course. My partner had a salad and a delicious veal chop. Great friendly service in authentic atmosphere. Only quibbling is that we had to wait to be seated even though we had a reservation. But it was a busy time pre Mardi Gras.Charming neighborhood restaurant with the best food! Martin was a dream waiter, always close by but not hovering. The veal with asparagus and bernaise and mashed potatoes was the best meal we have had in a very long time, even with all of the great meals in New Orleans! Didn't have room for dessert, but the Creme Brûlée and Lemon Ice Box Pie looked amazing at the table next to ours.Great food and service at this small neighborhood restaurant.  Old school place full of well-heeled locals.  Prices are typical for a high quality restaurant, with entrees from $25-$40.  An extensive wine list. No published dress code, but I felt a bit out of place as the only adult male in there without a coat! Highly recommended for a good dinner away from the touristy places.We were excited to have this restaurant recommended by a friend who has family in New Orleans. While it was a bit of a drive - it was great to get away from the French Quarter and everything about the experience was perfection - the service, the food, the wine and the desert! It is a quaint space and conversation carries so don't plan on having a quiet intimate conversation - but you can't go wrong here! Best restaurant experience in this city!Excellent, excellent!  Wonderful dinner and superb bar.  I have the fried oysters appetizer with sea scallops for my main course. My partner had a salad and a delicious veal chop. Great friendly service in authentic atmosphere. Only quibbling is that we had to wait to be seated even though we had a reservation. But it was a busy time pre Mardi Gras.Excellent food, good service, a little overpriced, attentive staff. We had pork chops, turtle soup, duck, soft shell crab, bread pudding, crawfish dish and some appetizers.We had brunch at Clancy's the week of the 4th. How we had missed this little gem, I'll never know. We had the gumbo and eggplant sticks for appetizers and they were both great. We both had the soft shell crabs and they were amazing!! Don't miss this gemWhat a great experience at Clancy's!  The cocktails, wine, dinner and service were all superlative.   This was our best meal I had on a recent visit to New Orleans with my 87 year old mother and my sister as we celebrated Mother's Day weekend.   
I loved my soft shell crab and the butterscotch pudding desert was so delicious that we all tried it and ate every last bit.   We would love that recipe!The first 5 star review I've ever given!!!
My boyfriend took me to Clancy's for my birthday dinner. We have always heard great recommendations about Clancy's and have been itching for a special occasion to celebrate here. Boy, did we make the right decision or what!?
We arrived 20 min before our reservation and were seated 30 min after arrival. Not too bad of a wait and definitely worth it. We already knew what we wanted to order from previously checking out the menu and the always-helpful Yelp reviews.
First we had the Fried Oysters w Brie and  Sweetbreads. The oysters were absolutely amazing. My boyfriend isn't a huge cheese person like I am, but he had a turn around with these. The sweetbreads were also yummy, but I probably wouldn't order it again. 
For our entrées, he ordered the Filet Mignon w Bernaise and I ordered the Veal Chop.  The veal was amazing!!! It was so juicy and succulent and every other word that would make you hungry. Sadly, I couldn't eat the majority of it since the appetizers were so filling. The Filet Mignon wasn't anything special in my opinion, but my boyfriend loved it and cleaned his entire plate.
Upon great review, we ordered the Lemon Ice Box Pie. Yummy. Yummy. Yummy. What I love especially about this was that it wasn't too sweet. Perfectly chilled and downright delicious. 
Our waiter made this experience even greater. He was always prompt with filling our drinks and checking up on us. I'm a new Clancy's fan, and I can't wait until I go there again!Amazing food. Great setting and ambiance. Crawfish Etouffee was fantastic. Ice box pie and bread pudding were the best desserts I've had in years. Probably since the last time I was at Clancy's. Busy night so service was pretty slow for food coming from the kitchen. That was the only problem.Service was great. Food was wonderful. The wine selection is insane. The Lobster Risotto was amazing. 10/10I went to Clancy's New Orleans with some friends Saturday night. My wife and one of our friends ate the Turtle soup and got food poisoning. I called and asked to speak to a manager. I was then told that Clancy's doesn't have managers. When I called back and talked to the owner, between 9-11AM, they made light of the situation and said food poisoning takes 24-48hrs to start. I read him food poisoning from web MD (it says 2-4hrs) and he then said that out of the many soups that was served, I was the only person to call and wasn't going to do anything about it. I highly suggest STAYING AWAY FROM THIS RESTAURANT.We were visiting New Orleans for a week and having dinner not too far from Clancy's Restaurant. We were talking to a lovely couple who live in the neighborhood. The husband gave us restaurant suggestions. He said these were the places where the local people eat. I told him  that was exactly what we were looking for and did not want to eat at the tourist places. For a nicer dinner he suggested Clancy's. It really is a neighborhood restaurant. My daughter and I each had the Lobster Risotto. It was divine and hearty. My son had the pork chops and he loved every bit. The sweet potato tasted more like a dessert. My husband had the filet, which was delicious. We ordered two desserts to share. We had the brownie with ice cream, which was good. Then we had the homemade caramel ice cream and it was delicious. The servers were all wonderful. The restaurant is a scene from another time. I asked about the dress  attire while making my reservation and I was told it was business casual. We were from out of town and I wanted to make sure we had the correct attire. I do wish they would enforce this rule. I made my son son dress up and there was another teenager right around my son's age wearing shorts, a golf polo, and a sweatshirt. His outfit looked like my son's school uniform.  The only offputting things were some of the loud and inappropriate conversations taking place at a couple of the tables next to us.  We could tell we were no longer in California and it was a teaching moment for my children. The food is wonderful, the coziness of the restaurant is delightful and the servers were all terrific.Wow, this was a great place, great food, service a not to be missed place to eat in NOLA.  So often I have found that the food is a big let down in named restaurants across the country.  Clancy's was all I could want for and the best meal we have had in NOLA by a long shot.  We had dinner and we'll be back for moreWhile I was at Cochon a guy next to me at the bar recommended I check out Clancy's.  
This place is old school throw back look, with the waiters in tuxedos.
Let me start by saying I hate the menu, it's in a hand written font which is difficult to read.
Started with a salad, the only thing that differentiates this salad from most other salads is that it had the heart of palms in it which was nice.
Next I had the smoked duck, and it was a rock star.  Decent size portion with an awesome salty smokey flavor, might be one of the best duck dishes I've had.  I also came spares of asparagus and some noodles.Oh what a Beautiful Dining Experience! The Best in New Orleans! A Great way to Experience all that is Fabulous in New Orleans! They have Wonderful Appetizers like Oysters Brie.The Nocchi dish is wonderful. When they have Turtle Soup it is Magnificent! Their Salads are Fabulous! When they have Soft Shell Crabs its Divine! The Whole Menu is Great! It's a Special  Gem of New Orleans!The filet mignon with Stilton cheese with a red wine reduction sauce was the most delicious piece of meat I've ever eaten in my life . the salads the crab meat salad and the shrimp remoulade salad was absolutely delicious. The eggplant with the enoli was kind of weak soups weak as well I had the Crawfish chowder n and the white bean with andouille sausage soup just ok. But overall I really enjoyed the mealI went to Clancy's for the first time recently and had an incredible time! It definitely lived up to all of the hype. Starting with service, the hostess was so sweet and friendly, after we were seated she informed us that this particular table gets a bit cold so if we wanted to move just I let her know. She also came over to check on us and kindly offered me a sweater, just in case. I declined because I wasn't cold, but I thought it was a very nice gesture. The waitstaff were attentive, polite, and didn't skip a beat.
As for the food, YUM! 
To drink I had a perfect straight martini with blue cheese stuffed olives.
Appetizers: The Fired Oysters with Brie were down right addictive! As for the turtle soup, it was nice but nothing to write home about.
Main Course: The Smoked Soft Shell Crab was so tasty, and as was the Veal with Crawfish Bernaise. I'd have to say I enjoyed the crab more though.
I cannot wait to come here again!The food was quite good. The most memorable dish was in fact the lemon icebox cake. It was just stellar. The Oysters, Bass, and Foie Gras were also quite good, but I can still remember that cake vividly.
While all the servers and staff are very nice, it seems to be quite chaotic.
The ambiance was quite lacking and yet incoherent.
I would return again.Fried oysters topped with brie.  Ceviche crab claws marinated in lemon/lime juice.  Turtle soup.  Filet with Bearnaise and topped with lump crab meat.  The steak was cooked just like I like it, rare +.  Everything was heavenly.  It's in uptown and away from the quarter, but so worth it.  I'll definitely be coming back.  In a city of wonderful food, this place stands out.Here is a telling fact: with my leftovers they gave me a whole loaf of bread and an entire stick of butter.  Rich food, great people and generous portions.  Enough said!Food and service was wonderful. We had the soft shell crab and the veal chop, and veal liver all were prepared beautifully. Don't forget to have the peppermint ice cream with hot fudge.Hey its this simple, I fly to New Orleans twice a year to check out new restaurants. The food is great. Try the sweetbreads, and the shimp and grits (they are finished with Bacon) The scallops and Foie Gras were awesome they were finished with a demi reduction with red wine. Try the coconut cream pie to finish off. If your coming to New Orleans or live here and have not tried it out get over to this sweet neighborhood joint and enjoy!This place has some bright spots. Very bright spots. Some of the dishes we ordered were just masterpieces. More on those in a moment. First the disqualifiers:
- The menu is swimming in veal and foie gras. I understand not everyone feels these things are moral challenges, but I certainly do. I hardly ever see them on menus anymore, and I felt awkward.. though not terminally so.
- The place has a real stuffed shirt. We clearly surprised the host with my unshaven, corduroy-jacketed self, and my companion's (cute, matching) sneakers. He asked if we had a reservation, obviously tried to think of a reason not to seat us, decided that his completely empty restaurant afforded him none, and sat us.
As for the food: it is better than its price suggests. Smoked duck was just brilliant, salty, crispy skin, and smoky tender meat. The vegetables that came with it (okra, cauliflower) were both perfectly seasoned and prepared. Mashed sweet potatoes were overbuttered, but I have never enjoyed an obvious overbuttering so, so much.
Oysters baked in brie. Wow. Why have I never heard of this before?
Got the lemon icebox cake for dessert. As the waiter explained, this is really a frozen key lime pie made from lemons instead. Companion thinks they were meyer lemons. I love key lime pie, and I eat it every chance I get. The big problem with it is, it's too acid; it starts to burn my tongue towards the end. This pie bursted with tartness, but that tartness tapered off so well.. you just wanted to keep having bite after bite. Must order.
Anyway, bottom line, I really wanted to dismiss this place, but the food is too good.It's the closest experience to Galatoire's if you live in the Audubon area of uptown NOLA and don't feel like driving to, parking in, and dealing with the French Quarter Riff-Raff.A gem! From start to finish every dish was very well done, a good restaurant that's not crowded with tourists. I would recommend the oyster Brie, crab salad and veal annunciation. A classic but creative Cajun/creole restaurant.Let me start off by saying that I LOVE New Orleans, but I hate Bourbon St. This restaurant was a nice change from the downtown scene. 
We were able to find parking - that alone made me incredibly happy. 
Some of the food was delicious, and some of it was so-so. We started out with the marinated crab claws, and the arugula salad with goat cheese, dried cranberries, and roasted squash. Both of these were delicious!
I had the smoked duck that everyone has raved about thus far. I was not impressed. I love duck when it is cooked properly. It is so easy to over cook, and that is exactly the problem that I experienced here.
For dessert, we had the lemon icebox cake, and the peppermint ice cream. The lemon icebox cake was basically a frozen key "lemon" cake. It was a very large portion, so I would recommend splitting it with someone. It was quite tart, but I am sure it would be very refreshing on a hot summer day. The peppermint ice cream was to die for! They drizzle chocolate over it so that every bite tastes like an Andes mint.
Although I do look forward to returning in order to try more items from the menu; the reason that I am giving Clancy's four stars is because of the service. Our server did not hover, or rush us, yet our food was served quickly. I will be returning to this little gem the next time I visit.Break out the penny loafers,khakis, and blue blazers!
I have dined at clancys on several occassions and having sampled many of the dishes the veal seems to be to the best bet. The food is classic new orleans the entrees are generally very well prepared however I find the atmosphere a bit stuffy for my tastes. The seating is often cramped although the bar area is very nice and was a great place to have a pre dinner drink. 
The menu online can be difficult to read which makes it difficult for those who like to game plan. The parking is easy although reservations tend to fill up fast. All in all I solid meal.Executive summary: 5 stars. No downside (except maybe price).
Reviews are tricky business. If you give out too many 5-star reviews, people don't take you seriously, because you're not enough of a ball-buster. Frankly, that's one of two possible reasons why Yelpers leave so may lackluster reviews on great establishments (the other possible reason is that those people are stupid). You know what I think about that? Screw 'em. I'm just really good at picking restaurants. And this place is 5 stars, because that's how many stars are available. If there were 10 stars, this place would be a 10 star restaurant.
Despite my many trips to NOLA, this was my first visit to Clancy's. Which is really surprising, considering they've been here since 1983. When I think about every bad meal I've had in New Orleans, it makes me sad because I realize that I could have been here instead. And then I remember, wait, I've never had a bad meal in this town. But I still wish I came here years ago.
We arrived at the peak of dinner service on a Thursday night, without a reservation. Just about every seat in the house was occupied. Any hostess could have turned us away, and I would have no complaint. We didn't have just any hostess however, and ours did the unthinkable: she actually mentally calculated when the tables were going to turn, and when her next reservation was, and whether we could have a table and there would still be one available for the next reserved party. WHOA. Math to the rescue! And voila, we were seated, and the restaurant had an extra $200 in revenue last night. Nicely played, hostess, I hope your boss appreciates you.
Service was impeccable. This is to be expected of a place that obviously hires people who view being a waiter as a profession, and not just some way to support a drug addiction and get free food. We were attended to by no less than 3 professional servers working as a team through the evening, and while we never wanted for anything, I can honestly say I don't really remember any of them from the service. So attentive, but unobtrusive. Perfect.
And the food. This is the moment of truth. Between three of us, we had nine plates through the evening, and ate somewhat family-style. So now is that time where so many Yelpers fail to make the distinction between things they didn't like, and flawed execution. I have to admit, there were two dishes not to my personal taste - one was the oysters and brie, which I found odd, the other was a filet mignon with stilton cheese, which I found to be a bit pungent. It is important to note that they were, in fact, perfectly executed and others in my party loved them. I think that if a chef can't do slightly polarizing work, then they're not pushing the envelope hard enough.
For my part, I'm always looking for that dish that makes the heavens open and the angels sing. The smoked (and fried) soft shell crab made the heavens roll back like the roof on Lucas Oil Stadium, and the angels broke into a refrain of the Hallelujah Chorus.. Seriously. That good.
The bill for three of us was about $210 before tip. You'll have to be the judge of that, I would just observe that we ate like kings, and were served by professionals in a lovely, intimate environment. There is a difference between not being able to afford something, and that something not being worth what it costs (another distinction frequently lost on Yelpers).
Oh, and one last thing that always endears a restaurant to me: not a f*cking television to be seen. Praise God.
I highly recommend Clancy's.Clancy's walks a fine line between neighborhood joint, and upscale formal restaurant. A recent visit confirmed that it does an admirable job of taking the best from both. 
"Neighborhood joint?"  It's on a nondescript residential street corner uptown. There were a good number of "people who knew each other" in there too, much more so downstairs in the bustling rooms near the bar. I generally hate noisy restaurants, but at Clancy's I'd reserve a table downstairs where the action is for sure. Upstairs is fine, but seriously quiet- couples at nearby tables leaned into each other and literally whispered their conversations. Yikes, that's just not my kind of dining in this great city. 
The food was very good. That's to be expected given the "upscale formal restaurant" prices. The house specialties people mention are good. Oysters with Brie wasn't a particularly aesthetic dish, but made a really delicious pairing. Smoked duck was surprisingly fabulous. The crab salad is a fixture on the menu, with rotating dressings depending on the night. I'll stick my neck out and say I found it to be good, but a little underwhelming for the $ (I'd hoped for a bit of salad with my crab meat, not the other way around). The lemon icebox pie is my kind of dessert. Like a cool, lemon version of a creamy key lime pie, really good after a rich meal. 
Service was really fine. Our tuxedo clad waiter knew the menu well, spoke calmly and clearly, and was spot on. We were given time to drink a cocktail and peruse the menu without any rush. The staff that brought out our food knew who had what before they arrived. Our waiter made sure that our wine glasses were never empty. 
The wine list has a mix of new world options plus a very nice selection of French Burgundies. Both white and reds, with some less common premier cru values (if you believe there is such a thing as a Burgundy value) on there too. I'll bitch a little more and say that Clancy's is another fine restaurant that serves white wine much, much too cold. I cringed as our waiter ran away with our frozen bottle and dunked it into an ice bucket. Glad I didn't get carried away and spring for Grand Cru...
So nit picks aside, I think Clancy's is a very good restaurant overall. If you're looking to spend some money on a full fledged dinner, complete with a side of New Orleans character, it's a fine option.I like this place!  A recommendation by a co worker of my husbands who said he had a great meal there.
Upon arrival from the airport I had reserved a table for 8 of us for lunch.  And when we walked in our table was ready to go.  This is a great little spot.
I wouldn't consider this a fancy place, but they have white table linens and it was a nice escape from the humidity when we landed.  The hostess at the stand was more than accommodating by letting us store our carry-ons while we dined.
The waiters are super friendly and service was great.  I started out with a glass of chilled Sauvignon balance which totally hit the spot.  Followed by a mixed green salad with pan roasted scallops and a light vinaigrette dressing.
My husband ordered the soft shell crab topped with an amazing sauce.  All these photos are below.  Our friends said their entrees were great.  Including the turtle soup which I believe was a special that day.
Overall a great recommendation.  I certainly do advise making reservations in advance.  Enjoy!Yelper Charles H is absolutely spot on about dismissive service.  My friend and I were seated upstairs at a table for two and there were several wine stains the size of a quarter in front of where my friend was sitting.  The lovely bus boy suggested we take another table for four and did.  We sat there for ten minutes trying to flag down a bald waiter who ignored us when finally another person said Brian our actual waiter was downstairs and would be right with us and then asked for our drink order.  The drinks never came.  Brian finally shows up and gives the specials for the evening and leaves.  The other waiter comes back to explain there is only one bartender and "sorry for the wait".  With that we left.  I guess you have to be a regular to get quality service.  Luckily Restaurant August had room for us in their longe and the food and service were spectacular.  The only reason I give this place two stars is because the host called us a cab.