NOLA does it agin with delicious food and charm! My palate was once again satisfied. If you are from NY or the Caribbean then you will appreciate this jewel in the city!I found this restaurant within easy walking distance of the hotel I stayed at on a recent business trip to New Orleans.  I chose this one because of the Middle Eastern food and because there were some vegan options.  The food was delicious, and the atmosphere super casual (think tables and chairs set up inside a convenience store - because, really, that's exactly what it is), and it's open 24 hours a day.  I had the fried eggplant platter, which I do recommend - whether you're vegan or not, it's yummy and filling!  It included the fried eggplant, hummus, pita bread and salad.  The service was reasonably fast and friendly.  I'd definitely eat here again.Looking for something close to my hotel. This was on the corner. Very good quality. Lamb kabobs were delicious and the hummus was extraordinary.This place is good and innovative!  The hummus was so delicious and I love how they put blackberries in it/on it, so DELISH.  Came in with a group of six and we all loved our food!  I can't wait to go back! 
Our table ordered: hummus appetizer, shrimp kabobs, beef kabobs,  chicken shawarma, beef shawarma.Solid Egyptian spot in a liquor store. Had the gyro/chicken shawarma plate with salad and hummus. Licked my plate clean. Wife had the gyro wrap which was a little small. Prices are a tiny bit high given that you are sitting in a liquor store, not in a proper restaurant. Can't beat open 24/7.
Owner pointed out that this isn't a liquor store....because they don't sell liquor. Still has that feeling, you get the point.I would like to give a personal thanks to Caroline and the staff the night of my visit. It was my first time dining at Cleo's and trying mediterranean cuisine and I must say the experience was extremely satisfying. Caroline recommended me the best option she thought I would be interested in and her service was the icing on the cake. I even came back the day after just to order the same meal all over again. The service was pretty quick & they give you plenty of options from a cooler/fridge to choose from.Thank you Sam and Ashra for an amazing lunch. Shoutout to Sean (waiter in training)... Keep this place going with great service and amazing food! I will definitely be returning!I LOVE that this place is open 24 hours. Why? Because after I drink I get hungry and I don't like fast food. So this place is great. The food? 5 stars all the way! Our waiter was amazing too. Very friendly and social. Oh FYI I haven't been here after drinking yet. LoL only during lunch but the fact that I can is great. 
The only complaint that I have is that when I went to pay for the food, the cashier said something about my hair that bothered me. My hair is very curly and big and I love it. But I guess he thought otherwise and wanted to make a joke. It took every ounce of the good side of my soul not to slap him. Anyway, I digress. The food is too great to knock off a start so I will leave it at 5.Never judge from the appearance. Cleo's shares quarters with a convenience store, it's not a fancy place but they do Middle Eastern classics really really well. Nice hummus, excellent baba ganouj, stuffed grape leaves, delicious falafels, kibbeh, taboule, and kebabs. We keep coming back.We came in for Tulane graduation and needed a quick bite.  A passing professor suggested Cleo's and we walked
At first it seemed like a convenience store and almost didn't walk in.   That would have been a huge mistake 
Service. Fresh pita. Hummus to crave.  Gyros. Salads drinks.  Treats 
Stop in and tell Caroline we sent youExactly what you would expect from a 24/7 middle eastern kitchen/market.  The tabuli and hummus pretty good.  Chicken kabob okay.  Bread was kinda stale.  The guy running the place was friendly.This has probably the best Mediterranean food I've ever has.  Loved the Fava bean dip and marinated lamb.  Everything was so fresh and the presentation beautiful.  It was easy to get over the convenience store lighting once I tasted the food.Such a rare find. Great rack of lamb seasoned perfectly and cooked to temperature in this diner/convenience store across from the Saint Hotel. Loved every bite and enjoyed the variety of customers walking through. 
Well lit and clean.Delicious food and good Mediterranean flavors.
However, the place is more like a fast dine in or to take out! It's not a restaurant where you go for a date!This is the kind of mom and pop operation that I love to find. All of the food is made fresh on site except for the pastries according to the gentleman that took care of me. 
I had the combo with chicken and beef shawarma with hummus and a nice salad with a yogurt dressing on the side. I was also able to taste the kibbeh. 
The food is fresh and absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is casual and laid back. The people are very friendly and knowledgeable. Did I mention the food is absolutely delicious? 
I will definitely be back.I'm from the Middle East and I've been around the US and had middle eastern food at various places.
My wife and I  decided to try this place out during our visit to New Orleans given its proximity to our hotel and the great reviews and pictures on Yelp.
We had the hummus, taboule salad, chicken shawarma wrap and lamb kofta wrap.
When I entered the store, it was overwhelmed by smoke from the kitchen, no one was there to welcome us, the place isn't clean. (1 star)
As for the food which we took Togo since the place wasn't an option given the lack of cleanliness.
Hummus tasted good, but was very little for the price and was filled with hot chili paste which isn't a typical garnish in hummus. (3 stars)
Taboule salad, amazing, one of the best we've tried in the US. (4 stars)
The wraps were edible, not the best. The kofta was more fried than grilled. (2 stars)
Overall, I wouldn't go back. And I truly hope they invest in cleaning up the place and fixing the ventilation system.Delicious Mediterranean food, reasonable prices, & excellent service. Spicy hummus was excellent!! Open until 4AM- this place is a must visit. Great service!This place is fantastic! The food was delicious, the service fast. We got the grilled Haolumi appetizer and falafel appetizer. They were both delicious and the dipping sauce for the falafel was probably the best I've ever had of that type! I got the combo plate with chicken shwarma and gyro. My fiancé got gyro and beef shwarma. It was all delicious! I will def be coming back :)Don't waste your money 
The worst place ever the most disgusting fake middle eastern food 
I'm middle eastern and I been eating this food since for ever this place is waste of money and time giving me uncooked food and I did inform the worse person who's acting in charge that this food is garbage all what he recommend is to leave a review well here you go 
Hope everyone stay away from this fake middle eastern foodExceptional food, unique twist to Mediterranean cuisine. Hummus and vegetarian platter were exceptional.We were looking for food in the middle of the night after a family member gave birth and we landed here. It was better than going to bed hungry......the shawarma wrap was very ho-him. Not much effort put into making anything special there. The Greek salad was ok.Really good food and they're open 24/7! My SO and I came here around 2am Saturday night for some post-drinks grub. I ordered the falafel platter, which comes with hummus, salad and pita bread. The falafel was spiced really well and not dry at all! It came with 6. The hummus was delicious and the garlic sauce I asked for was very good too. 
My SO ordered the beef kebob which comes with rice and hummus, he really enjoyed this as well. 
I'd 100% come back and will probably order a chicken dish next time!Last night was our second time visiting Cleo's, and it was just as excellent as the first! It is literally the first restaurant on our to do list in NOLA. Being open 24hours is a plus. Last time we had the shawarma and enjoyed it - this time we had the gyro platter... And let me say this was the BEST gyro I have ever tried. I will have dreams about it now! We also had the Foul Madamas dip and it was spicy and excellent. I'm not usually a hummus person and that was way beyond hummus! - also, I love their selection of beverages! So unique. On our way out the door I got to see someone's order of chicken wings (Greek spices) and they looked amazing as well! So many things to try there, I think I will have to start keeping a list!Updated 2016 / 6 
Food is still awesome and the service is great 
but the prices for the hookah tobacco is waaaaay over priced 
Example: double Apple hookah tobacco cost around $13.99 in all Arabic super markets 
Here it cost $30 !!!
I know its down town and all but wow !Take note people; this is how hummus is supposed to taste!
Best hummus I've ever had...
This place is a rare find - highly recommended! Clean, friendly, serving great food and good music. 
I had Lamb shish with two sides (salad and the yellow rice which was delicious) my husband got hummus as a side and it was so good we had to order more (which we then couldn't even finish)... We had this for breakfast at around 10.30am - the food was so satiating that I didn't need a meal for the rest of the day (including our 3 hour flight back to nyc). Got home around 11.30pm nyc time and I was not even famished (for full disclosure the only other things I ate that day were some nuts, cucumber and an orange). This food is quality of the less is more kind.
Cannot recommend this place highly enough and the people are so friendly. Very lucky to have found this place on our last day, the whole time I didn't even realise it was pretty much just behind our hotel (Holiday Inn). 
I'm so glad we avoided the Ruby Slipper thanks to the droves of tourists lining up outside - Cleo's was even better!
Can't wait to go back!This place is a diamond in the (very) rough. Good example of "Don't judge a book by its cover." Awesome food, great selection of drink, and surprisingly great service. 
I got the chicken shawarma and the gyro combo plate and I can't wait to try the rest!Fantastic food! The hummus is delicious and the presentation of the food is beautiful. Well worth the stop.Glad we found this place. It has great food and great and honest service. They had something for everyone. Great Middle Eastern food with a fusion twist. I would recommend this stop as a "local" spot to try in NOLA.What a wonderful surprise. It's attached to a market so you might miss this one, but don't let that happen !The food was amazing! Falafel, hummus,  grape leafs, babaganus. Everything was delicious!A very cool fine with yummy food that is responsible price. Worth a visit. Will definitely be coming back.My friends who've visited NOLA in the past raved about Cleo's. Our über drive even commented his he frequents this hole in the wall. 
If you're craving an alternative to the fried, oil and butter soaked food of the city, this hits the spot. Food ranged from $10-$15. 
It has a convenience store to one side and Mediterranean sit down/ table device on the other. They have a plethora of drinks to pick from on the wall: Overall amazing Mediterranean food. 
I got the vegetarian platter. It had hummus, babaganoush , tabouleh and grape leaves. I ate every last bit. 
My date got the fried eggplant sandwich and was happy to see it wasn't breaded and deep fried but instead lightly pan fried. He really liked it. 
We also got the grape leaves appetizer and couldn't get enough of them. They are delicious.Great place for convenience.   They had fun drinks from all over the place.   The gyros were yummy and lamb shank was tasty.  The quarter chicken was the best, super moist and tender.    All of the plates looked nice with the hummus and salad.Fantastic food in a grocery store. Best thing is that they are open 24 hours a day. I'm a vegetarian and my husband isn't, but we both left completely satisfied. Veggie plate is amazing. Will definitely come back if in NOLA.Looking for an alternative to the the Hyatr's resturant on a long business trip, we found this a short 1/2 mi walk away. Amazing food and super friendly and accomdating staff. Fresh, full of flavor. We had falafel appetizer, gyro platter with rice and hummus, and the chicken Lula platter with rice and salad. The hummus was the smoothest, creamiest that we've ever had. The flavors were right on.Walking by it looks like a convenience store from the street, and half of the business actually is, but when you go inside you will be greeted with the wonderful aroma of delicious middle eastern food.
Try the kibbie!Went in with a very large party. Everything we ordered was really good. Food came out pretty quickly for such a large party and for being a smaller restaurant. Our waiter Sam was very attentive. There was another gentle with glasses who was also very helpful, didn't catch his name.it is not even mediterranean food , this restaurant is overrated and so pricey for not delicious food i would't recommend it for anyone, the bread was cold and even the shawarma it is not good everything thing was there not good food , there is so many better optionsWhat a great surprise! Staying at the Roosevelt and wanted something other than Southern (it's great but just needed a break :-) ). Cleo's is literally across the street from us!  
We had the Falafel Platter and the Chicken Shawarma Plate. The Falafel was amazing. I've always thought it was just ground up chickpeas.  This raised the bar. The hummus, the tzatziki, the salad... all fantastic and fresh. The chicken, though not plentiful, was delicious! The pita bread was soft and warm. 
Really, really good. No frills. You get your own drink from the fridge and then pay for the whole thing in the grocery store half. It was perfect for what we were looking for.I hadn't planned to leave a review at all for this place. The food is fine but I generally don't write reviews unless I have an exceptional experience, which I did but not in the way you might think. 
I had lunch here with my parents and as we were leaving I bought some candy, which they sell a lot of. As I was paying, the guy at the counter told me that if I "ate normal food like us", Us I assume meaning any other people who eat Mediterranean food, that I would be pretty. 
So you sell candy and then when someone buys it you pass judgement and make them feel like shit via a backhanded compliment? Right. 
I said nothing because I didn't want to upset my parents, but this is a completely unacceptable thing to say to anyone, especially a customer. I didn't ask for his opinion on my appearance or my eating habits and I was so shocked I could hardly believe it.
This guy and his staff need to learn some fucking manners on how to interact with customers and perhaps just women in general. Are they completely out of touch with social issues? Being of another culture doesn't excuse any of this. 
Prior to this experience I was a fan of this place, but fuck this guy and fuck his food. If I could I'd give this place zero stars and I'll make sure I tell plenty of people about this experience so they don't patronize Cleo's.Found the restaurant by accident. At first look, it looked like a convenient mart, but we were not concerned at all. The three men that was sitting at a table had cleaned every morsel off their plates, so we were intrigued. The staff was very friendly. We had vegetarians and meat eaters in our party of 5. None of us had a problem finding something to order. The food came out quickly. The food we ordered was beautiful on presentation and all of it was DELICIOUS!! When we checked out, the cashier was very friendly and asked how we found them. We told him we found it on yelp. If I lived in New Orleans, I would definitely go back. They always say "Don't judge a book by it's cover". We say "Don't judge this place by it's cover!"I have been going here since it opened.  While it doesn't have the decor of a 5 star restaurant, the food is 5 star! The food has always been prepared to perfection.  The prices are unbelievably low.  I don't know how they are making money.  I can't make food at home for what they charge.  They are always open so you can eat there anytime of day.15 bucks for a plate of chicken shawarma. Not bad right? Food was made on the spot. Was exactly what I was looking for. Can't ask for anything moreWow! Would you have expected beautifully prepared and seasoned Mediterranean cuisine in NOLA? No neither would I, but I was floored at the quality. I got the Chicken Teeka with salad and hummus. Such fragrant chicken I've never had before. And the hummus = to die for! And my wife had the vegetarian platter = excellent baba ganoush & falafel!
A solid keeper!  
The only odd part is it's a 24/7 convenience store.Amazing food. Our waitress was fun and really helpful guiding us to the house specials. Very relaxed and casual with great prices.Was a fantastic goto (on a budget) this time around in the Big Easy. The Lamb & Hummus plate was very tasty.I was here for a conference we tried other places but found Cleo's and enjoyed my meal for the first time in a week.By far the best restaurant I've visited on my trip to New Orleans. I found this place thanks to yelp, and I'm so glad I did. Nikki was our waitress, she was so kind! They were very accommodating to us (vegetarian) as well as giving me some cucumbers for my hummus (I can't eat bread). The food was so good! Very different from what I'm used too (I'm from Texas) but wow! Great job Ashraf! (Chef) What a hidden little gem  We will definitely be back.  Thank you for a wonderful experience.Damn that was good. Spinach pie and falafel app. Employees are nice.This is a joke. $7 for a gyro, .50¢ to add raw onions, and $1 to add a sprinkle of feta. All on top of 4 slivers of gyro meat. Upset at myself for going here. Stay away. Not worth a trip or your money!Went there for a quick bite. Ordered beef lula kebab. It was very tasty. Stuffs are really friendly and delivered the order real quick. Clean, small place with great food.I'm so grateful for this place. There's not much in the way of diversity when it comes to available food in New Orleans. Here is a place that's open 24 hours and offers quite good Mediterranean food.
PS. Glad to see someone in town sells San Pellegrino (Blood Orange) soda. I hardly ever drink carbonated crap anymore but when I do....Nola cuisine is amazing but if you want something different you must come here!! We had the chicken kabobs, amazing and the hummus oh my!!A surprise find late at night and couldn't be happier!  The food was fantastic and a very friendly place  - highly recommend!  Greek salad, fried eggplant and hummus.  Delicious!!Stopped here for supper It was quite late and I was happy to see the place was still open. I ordered the chicken tikka with rice and hummus it was amazing. I would say the best chicken tikka I have every had. As I was staying in the Roosevelt which is less then one block away I found myself stopping in to pickup snacks and drinks as it is a market as well and it being open including the kitchen 24 hours 7 days a week it is a real treat. I will be going back to New Orleans in a few weeks and I will be stopping in Cleo's again.Don't let the convenience store vibes discourage you.  The food here is excellent.  Prices are good for the portions too, although they do have a few speciality entrees that run closer to $20 (but omfg that chicken steak and chicken teeka are BOMB).  Great non-booze drink selection. Although they are open all night! Everyone who works there is sweet as pie. The chef clearly has experience in fine dining because even my takeout is beautiful every time.I love this place. The set-up Is weird as hell but the food is great and all the staff are nice and friendly too! Walking in, you're faced with a convenience store on the right and restaurant seating to the left. The convenience store feels like it's been lifted straight from a gas station. As I said, weird. Anyway, sit down and they will bring you a menu. There is lots to choose from. The hummus is great, really creamy, tons of flavor and comes with pita. The falafel is excellent, you get a great flavor from the herbs and the chickpeas themselves aren't blended too much, there's still a good amount of flavor. Also on the positives, they don't feel at all oily. One of the other dishes I go for regularly is the lamb kebab and that's equally as good. Tender pieces of lamb, dressed, with lettuce, tomato, and yoghurt sauce. All great and great value too! (Falafel & hummus - $5. Lamb kebab sandwich - $6).
As I write this, I can't think of anything I've eaten there that hasn't been good...can't think of anything. My only complaint would be that the pita isn't fresh, they microwave it to warm it up before being brought to the table. It's fine, but not great. 
Cleo's may look and feel like a bodega but it's so much more than that.Delicious authentic food. Large menu to choose from. Reasonable price.  Service is fast and professional.  
We will definitely go back.So good! Yes, it's a little weird that the restaurant is in a convenience store but this is arguably as good as Shaya. Easy, quick way to get your Greek fix on a budget. Get the gyro platter.If you are looking for tasty fare available day or night, this is a great place. It is perfectly located on Roosevelt very close to French quarter, excellent middle eastern food. We got a falafel appetizer and grape leaves platter. Generous portion of pita bread but a little low on hummus. I also expected the platter to come with some rice (had a craving for it bad) but it did not. But overall, good food, decent prices and 24 hour availability! What's not to like?I used to love this place because it's open 24/7. Some of their items I've had better, but for being open whenever it's never been bad. Recently though I had a couple of bad experiences that don't make me want to return. Their menu says they only put tahini on their sandwiches. I'm allergic to yogurt and can't eat tzatziki so this is something I really liked about their food. I ordered a gyro one night expecting it to be tzatziki free and it came with tzatziki. I was disappointed that I couldn't eat it, but no big deal, stuff happens. I called in another order about a week later and explicitly asked them to just do tahini and no tzatziki. I pick up the order and I see the ticket says to do the exact opposite. I figure it'll be nothing to scoff at, and that they would be willing to remake it. The chef comes out telling me that it was my responsibility, that I made a mistake ordering, and that I would have to pay for the food anyway and if I wanted it a different way I'd need to be more clear. The counterperson then tries to point out their menu telling me I had asked for what they had done. It was late, I was tired and hungry, so not wanting to make a scene I paid and left. While I know I willingly paid, it seems the man didn't want to take the hit and figured he could pawn the mistake off on me rather than his employee. I hate to harm a POC owned business but this really ruined Cleo's for me, and I will definitely not be returning.What happened to my gf and I is almost unbelievable. While we were waiting for our food a huge rat ran through this liquor store. The way it is setup is the restaurant is attached to a small liquor store. One group also saw and left immediately but us not being from around the area we decided to stay. On top of that when my chix steak came there was a curly hair in my salad. I told them and they didn't even replate the meal. They just threw the salad away and gave it back to me. Then when I went to pay they gave me $5 off instead of taking care of the meal. No one wears hair nets there and quite frankly it's pretty disgusting.
Nola is awesome but this was the only bad experience of the whole trip. Think twice before you go here unless they get shut down by the health department for vermin first.Great little dive. Decent prices, decent portions and excellent beverage selection. I recommend the gyros. Their tzatziki sauce is fantastic.Don't miss this little secret.  Beautiful food. Good service. No frills but who needs frills with food this wonderful.My wife and I had the hummus (superb), falafel (on par with the best I've had), gyro wrap (excellent), and chicken shwarma.
Clean.  Good service despite one guy who hops between tables while also working in the kitchen.  You cannot beat the price for the quality and speed.  As quick as "fast food" and infinitely healthier.
This will be my my go-to Mediterranean place downtown (Sahara Cafe when on the West Bank).  Shaya for high-end stuff Uptown.
There really isn't more to say - simple, clean, fast.  Go.Best Mediterranean food I ever tasted!! We got the fried eggplant (not fried with breading), falafel wrap & a mezze platter. The eggplant was fried with garlic & went perfectly with the perfectly made hummus. Falafel was crunchy on the outside & moist on the inside without being dense. Restaurant  is open 24 hrs & service is on point!I really want to like Cleo's. Middle Eastern food is rare in New Orleans and they get major props for being open 24 hours. Unfortunately, they fall short in a few areas. THE FOOD: If you know from great middle eastern fast food, it's not great. The flavors are alright but there is no consistency in the kitchen. Dishes come out dry and sparse. THE SERVICE: The guy behind the register is constantly running back into the kitchen because no one is ever actually taking care of business in the kitchen. The guy who is sometimes in the kitchen is always walking off because he obviously doesn't want to be there. It feels like they just won't/can't hire anyone to slay behind the grill and that's what they need. Service is slow and reluctant. ATMOSPHERE: It's a 24/7 convenience store so the food and service and value should be super on-point. It's not. VALUE: A meager falafel platter is $14 dollars. WTF. BONUS: They sell weird candy.I came here with a group of 7 and they arranged the tables for us and gave us menus. We all grabbed drinks from the fridge though I asked for water and they don't give you cups of water. Sad. So I grabbed a half and half lemonade and iced tea. For food I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap, and our food came out quite promptly. My wrap wasn't super amazing but it was decent. Chicken was tender but could've used more flavor; balance of vegetables to chicken was good. Pricey meal though; since we were more than 5 people, gratuity was included in our bill, bringing my $6.99 wrap and $.99 drink to $10.81 (11% tax, 22% tip). 22%! The food here definitely is 3 stars, but I would've bumped it up to the great friendly service. The guy came around a few times to check how we were which was nice and he was friendly about our demands. But since it was 22% of our bill, I feel like I don't want to give an extra star because the service should be good at that rate. The bill was also super difficult to figure out because the names of the dishes weren't on the bill. Anyway, quite a pricey meal for the amount of food, but a good break from the normal southern food and really friendly service.The place was packed with what seemed to be regulars, drawn by the reasonable prices (can you imagine 4 lamb chops for $11.99?) and wonderful food.  There was a real family feel, with elderly nearby residents, a mom with her toddler, even students from Tulane.  I'd like to take a bunch of the hummus  and the Egyptian iced tea home with me, and the Egyptian baklava was different from the Greek; fabulous.  There's a convenience store in half the space with middle eastern goodies it would be hard to find elsewhere in NOLA! My husband and I brought back snacks to enjoy in our hotel room.Phenomenal meal before a show at the Saenger. My husband had the chicken wrap and said it was easily the best he ever had. My falafel wrap was fantastic! The hummus was so flavorful! Everything tasted very fresh and cooked to order. Very unexpected. So glad we found this spot!This spot is really unusual.  Amazing food in an odd spot.  A local suggested this restaurant and told us that it was also a convenient store.  I assumed they were separate, but we walked through the doors to what was half a convenient store and half a restaurant.  
We almost left because we were so confused, but we decided to stay, and I am so glad we did.  We ordered the falafel balls as an appetizer, and those were amazing!!  Absolutely delicious -- probably the best falafel balls I've ever had.  For my entrée I ordered the lamb and beef kabobs which came with saffron rice and a side of hummus and pita.  The kabobs were flavorful and spicy; I chopped them up and mixed it up with the rice and hummus. 
There were 13 of us there, and it wasn't very busy, so there was plenty of room for us to sit and enjoy. 
It was a little odd having our server help us and the people in the convenient store, but by the time we left, I felt like we had found a nice little gem in New Orleans.  Very unexpected and pleasantly perfect.  You must try it!!Nice cook and owner. We talked to both for quite a while, which made for a very friendly staff but you're eating in a retail environment among people shopping.Back again this month.  Still loving this place!  I'm surprised by the variety in the little store adjacent to the restaurant: lovely things in the refrigerator case and the shelves for in-room treats for us out-of town visitors.  The food fresh and well-prepared delivered to your table quickly, smoking hot (if it's supposed to be!).  Delectable desserts; how can you resist a place like this, turning out meals like this, day and night?Staying at the Jung hotel and this place was right down the street. The food is fresh and flavorful. Dino our server was friendly and kind. Great lunch. We'll definitely be back before our trip is over.This place moved a block away to the riverside/uptown corner on Canal St. Still also a grocery.
The falafel is excellent, and I have high standards for that. Hummos, sauces, foul- everything is tasty without overkill, even the salad dressing. The pita is not stale, which is big for me. The lady of my house says the chicken kebab is moist and perfectly spiced.
If you don't know this kind of food, this has become a great place to discover it.Hidden Gem! Incredible food, great staff and truly authentic Mediterranean cuisine! We will definitely be back next time we are in New Orleans.After reading good reviews here on yelp, i decided to check this place out. I have eaten mediterranean cuisine of this kind in Greece, Amsterdam, Germany, san francisco, london, Detroit and NYC. The falafel wrap which these cleo guys served me, they had not warmed up the pita bread, it tasted like it was sitting in the fridge without even a wrapper. And to make it worse, they did not even offer to make it right after i complained. The pita has to be warmed up on a hot grill or a toaster oven before adding the dressings, hummus, veggies and salads. They claimed that the dressings are cold which made the pita cold and nobody has complained so far.Great food, good vegetarian options. Highly recommended! Right on canal street. I'll come again.Had the grilled shrimp plate and it was delicious! Ashraf the chef is phenomenal... loved the strawberry and all the pretty decorations she put on.Earned top rating due to fresh tasting high quality dishes. Do not let the convenient store dissuade, the cafe inside is all local, all authentic, and ALL GOOD!Amazing little place. Best food that I've had in New Orleans. Fresh and inexpensive- I will be back.One word: Authentic.
Here are a few more words: quick, tasty, friendly, comforting, filling, unpretentious, reasonably pricedTerrible service, I came here to have a quite meal, instead my conversation with my companion was drowned out by the what appeared to be manager shouting at his employee.
Pitta bread was hard, constant sounds of the microwave insinuating food was being reheated rather than freshly prepared. 
Over all, poor experience.Been there in December 2013. Awesome food available 24/7 * 365. What else do you need? In my four day stay in New Orleans I have been to this place thrice!! Definitely recommended for non- vegetarians!!Sucks actually. Staffers pretend they don't know what you are here for and ask questions pretending they are the people who will charge you and then send you somewhere else to ring you up. 
They are actively trying to take advantage of tourists who have had too much to drink. 
On that basis I would say this is a cheating establishment that is only trying to take advantage of you. Someone tried to persuade me to write a nicer review while I was trying to leave.
Creepy....unless you have a posse with you.This place is so fun! There is every kind of snack food and beverage and chocolate bar you could want. They also have amazing middle eastern food. The owner is from Egypt and is so kind & accommodating. The grape leaves and hummus were my favorite. The pita and other foods were great too. I will be back!Quick, flavorful, and a boatload of food for the money.  Definitely worth a stop.Great little restaurant within a corner store. I stopped by here for a quick lunch and was so happy with the chicken shawarma. The presentation of the plate was so pretty and the quality of food is really good for the price. The staff is very friendly. I'll definitely be back for another lunchThe only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the wait is longer than I expected. It is a really reliable Greek place though! Also, half of it is a store, and the other half has seating if you choose to dine in.We were visiting from out of town and looking for a good late night delivery spot. Cleos nailed it!! Whoever we spoke with on the phone was incredibly nice and answered our many questions :) 
The food arrived quickly and exceeded our expectations for late night delivery!  A GREAT alternative to the typical pizza or Chinese options our there.My husband and I arrived in new Orleans en route to Mexico, we happened on Cleo's by pure chance. Fate was kind, as this is the best Mediterranean food we have ever had. No qualifications, no exceptions. The vegetarian platter is a must have, and the hummus has a wonderful creamy texture with the right amount of brightness. The service was friendly and fast, and the selection of drinks extends far beyond the normal coke products. A must see for anyone in the area.Excellent food! Price is fair and the quality is excellent. Get the Rack of Lamb. Very good!Recommended from coworkers. The magic phase was, "it looks sketchy on the outside but the food was fantastic!"  I equate that with every little gem of a restaurant or shop tucked away somewhere. 
The food was excellent, as was the service. The really only "sketchy" part was the locale in the CBD and the fact that the restaurant shares space with a convenience store. The restaurant portion is easy to spot, clean, and set up well to eat in or carry out.We are visiting New Orleans from L.A. and have had our fair share of good Mediterranean food and this place is great! Truly a good find right across from our hotel! We ate here several times and everything we tried was good! The staff was super cool and they also have a pretty big selection of cool hard to find chocolates and candies!Everything is great except for the poor ventilation of the kitchen. Definitely order ahead and pickup if you don't want to smell like food for the rest of the day...Probably best Middle Eastern in New Orleans. The falafel and Schwarma are awesome.Surprisingly excellent food hiding in this little convenience store. Try the chicken schwarma and Lebanese iced tea, they were perfect!I seldom write reviews, but this is really really really good!! We had the shrimp plate, lamp kebab and the Teeka. All good!!Cleo's was our choice for home away from home (California natives, in need of something familiar). The atmosphere was beautiful. Inside a convenience store, the featured an open layout surrounded by mural walls and delicious smells of Mediterranean herbs. Sam, our server, was one of the nicest people we've met so far (and they've all been great to us strangers). He was super helpful not just in helping us understand local cuisine, but also some cultural monuments and attractions.
Now the best part - our FOOD:
We ordered an eggplant wrap, the chicken kebob wrap, and the grape leaf veggie platter. The portions were large, and as is traditional with Mediterranean, not heavy in our bellies but still filling. We get a lot of Greek and Armenian food where we're from, and I can tell you in all honesty, Cleo's cooked up exactly what a fanatic expects when they order Mediterranean.
My whole family is giving me the thumbs up as I write this review. I hope we get a chance to return.Great food! Very vegetarian friendly. The fried eggplant dish was great. The people going in and out of the attached grocery store and the fluorescent lighting interrupted the ambiance but the food more than made up for it.We arrived pretty late into town and surprisingly, there aren't too many restaurants opened past midnight. Well, this place is opened 24/hr so if you are hungry, you can swing by here in the middle of the night.
Their hummus was good which the pita bread complemented quite well. The pita bread was soft and I felt like I was hogging all the bread to myself. The shrimp kabob was grilled right and had that good smoky flavouring to it. I wasn't a fan of the beef kabob at all though which made me disappointed. The beef was too chewy so I couldn't even appreciate the flavor. 
I guess our waiter was having an off-day but service was not the greatest. He literally slammed our plate onto the glass table out of nowhere which took us by surprise. Plus, when we asked for hot tea (listed on the menu), he shook his head slowly and we came to the conclusion ourselves that they weren't serving hot tea for the night. But overall, not a bad place for late-night eating.Yo I'm from manhattan & can admit I do love my drunken halal guys, but this is on a whole new level of authenticity. So delicious and 24/7!? Seriously couldn't ask for more. I got the falafel platter and it was so tasty. Came with hummus, pita, and salad. Loved it!Their menu is nice, chicken kabab sandy is great, but grocery and snack items are way over priced.This little cafe is clean has excellent service. It is open late, and has excellent options for vegetarians/vegans. Highly recommend!Had the shrimp plate with veggies. Not an abundant serving but the food was very good. The sautéed veggies were a delight. And the shrimp were grilled just right. I left feeling full but not stuffed. My first visit thanks to my daughter, definitely a place to enjoy a wholesome inexpensive meal.Searching for something fresh and green, Cleo's was just what we needed!  Brandon was so very nice and attentive and the food was excellent. Don't let the looks of the place fool you - this is a winner!!If you walk into unassuming convenience store one block off of Canal St. you will be pleasantly surprised with the warm welcome you will receive and the quaint, but modern dining setup you'll see. But the best part is yet to come: this place serves, hands down, the best Mediterranean food I've EVER HAD. The food here is simply amazing - fresh, delicious, great bang for your buck (try the plates!), and healthy. The hummus is so creamy and the falafel so moist. The owners will make you feel like a regular upon your first visit, as customer service is key in this place. Great place for veggies/vegans and meat eaters alike! Go now!Hummus was delicious greek salad not so much.The salad dressing was so watery I'm thinking it was made with yogurt which is fine but spice that baby up! Prices were kind of high almost twice more than Mona's .Location,location i guess.The cook didn't wash his hands after going outside and smoking.Qhy do i always see these things after I'm already eating.EXCELLENT FOOD! Highly recommended. We ordered the vegetarian plate and two of us split it. Absolutely fantastic. Small grocery area, where I grabbed some canned food to-go. Refrigerated beverages in great variety were awesome. Organic options. Vegan food. Loved it!In so glad we came here for lunch on our trip. We enjoyed our meals and the meat was cooked throughly and was fresh. I would def come back here if I was in New Orleans again. The chicken shawrma is tasty.Wow! Absolutely terrific Mediterranean food. Beef shwarma, gyro and falafel players were all amazing. The grape leaves were obviously freshly made. We love Mediterranean food and this is some of the best we've ever had. Dining isn't elegant but food is.The restaurant has a convenient store attached to it so it can be a little weird experience if you are not used to it. 
The food is very good and authentic. We ordered the jumbo kabab which includes lamb, chicken and beef, with two sides. The chicken is very tender, and the lamb is very good too. The beef is a little on the rough side. We also had the falafel as appetizer. It's definitely the best falafel I had so far. The side of hummus is very tasteful and is definitely not the kind you can get from normal grocery store.
Some customers look like Middle Eastern students from the nearby Tulane University. It could be a sign of how authentic the food is.This was my first time trying Mediterranean food and it was delicious. I had the chicken shawarma that comes with hummus and salad. The different flavors and spices combined quite nicely for a very enjoyable experience. I would highly recommend the food here to anyone looking for Mediterranean food.I really love Mediterranean food. So, when I landed at New Orleans airport, the first thing I was looking for a Mediterranean restaurant. Based on yelp reviews I visited this place.
At first I was a bit skeptical of the quality of this place from its looks. It's not shabby or anything but it's rather small and shares its space with a grocery store.
The food blew me away. The portions were big and the hummus and shawarma were too good. There was plenty of pilaf and pita to go along with. Plus I had two Turkish teas. 
The waitress and cashier were very nice people. I will definitely visit this place again the next time I am in New Orleans.Exactly as promised!!  Great Mediterranean food in a convenience store!
It was extremely close to our hotel and in a very nice neighborhood.  The staff was great and very friendly!I think this is one of the best Mediterranian food I had in New Orleans. The food is delicious and tasty , service was fast and efficient , I will recommended for Mediterranian food lovers.Considering it's the highest rated 24 hour place in the French Quarter, it's definitely a disappointment. The food is tasty, but the salad accompanied with the beef dolmas place was not fresh. The service was frosty, at best.
We wandered in around 2am on a Wednesday night - there were only two tables including us. We stood in front of the counter debating the menu options, and our options waiter stood within 2 feet of us, silently stared while we talked about what to get. It got a little uncomfortable. 
The chickpea hummus spread is quite good, but questionable service coupled with a obviously not fresh side salad and pricey dishes make this a disappointment.they have the flake!! the candy bar!
the gyro plate with rice was incredible
This is a great option when you are not willing to drive to Lebanon's if you live/work/are visiting downtown.This is hands down the best middle eastern food I have had anywhere in the USA. I have tried Chicago, New York, San Francisco and other spots, but this place WINS!!! 5 stars!for a Mediterranean and Middle Eastern take-out they are 4 star.
the food is delicious and tastes authentic and homemade, however, their atmosphere and interior sucks, It's more like a gas station store with some tables.
Although the server didn't have any uniform and was smoking outside while we were wandering all around the menu, but he was super polite and checking on us every 2 minutes.
Greens were fresh and dressing was made from the scratch. 
So go there with an open mind and enjoy THE food.Just a note for folks on the Mediterranean Diet, or Always Hungry Diet, you'll have yummy things to eat. Everything was delish. Mexican Cokes and Fanta are available, which is fun, but we stuck with water (diet). I recommend the gyro salad. The meat is great. Also the chicken souvlaki was wonderful. 
Open 24/7, so what's not to like?This place is an awesome surprise.  Was in town solo for work and had some apprehension based on reviews that said it was in a convenience store.  I'm a fan of casual eating with great food and good value - this checked all the boxes!  If you like unpretentious food and don't need a typical "nice restaurant" ambiance definitely check this place out!Come here now and then, and it's like Cheers (where everyone knows your name), only with Middle Eastern food.  The service is friendly without being intrusive.  I can't wait to bring my French daughter and son-in-law here because there are now plenty of vegetarian options.  They can be difficult to find in pork and meat loving New Orleans!  When your meals are prepared with the freshest of ingredients, and brought right to your table, not languishing under some heat lamp, the taste is out of this world!Good food. Nice staff.  Away from the chaos that is Bourbon, which is good.Went there at like 4am. Got the mezze platter appetizer, falafel platter and gyro salad. It was all great. I loved the food.Omg. This place is amazing and a great deal. I ate here 3 times in the span of 2 days. I recommended it to all my friends
 Tarek is the man! So friendly and nice. Food is super fresh. Best falafel in LA. And prob the best i've had. The sweet iced tea is delish made with rose water. Open all nite. The place is  very casual and clean...or great for take out. Good luck with the restaurant you guys! Wishing u success. ZadithQuality for the food was very good. I had the gyro which was pretty filling for its size. The owner of the restaurant/store was really nice and very accommodating. Will definitely come back next time I am visiting!This place is well worth it. The falafel was amazing! And something that I needed when surrounded by burgers and pizza. So good !! Plus the fact that they have vegetarian and vegan options is always a plusOne of the best falafel, hummus, and tabbouleh salad I've had! Everything was served quickly, was, looked, and tasted really fresh!Loved this hole in the wall or should I say ... in the bodega. This small restaurant is a gem on Canal St. The food is fresh, delicious and worth the cafeteria bodega atmosphere. Don't dress up for this place. Our party of six had a broad selection and all the dishes were great.A friend and I went here off of her recommendation after work. The city was busy and I was afraid that any restaurant near the CBD would be crazy as well, but it wasn't too busy at all. Definitely seemed like a place that more locals who live downtown go. 
I got the vegetarian platter which had baba ghanoush, hummus, tabbouleh, stuffed grape leaves, and falafel. Everything was fantastic! The service was quick and the gentleman who checks you out at the end was very friendly. I also loved the wall of refrigerated drinks from all over the world, there were endless varieties. I will definitely be back!I stumbled across this place just as I'd been craving a good kabob and it did not disappoint. It was late but the staff was still super friendly and accommodating.  I can't wait to go back!Amazing place and open 24 hours for those who are traveling and tired of eating tons of salty and fried foods. Lots of great and fresh options for very reasonable prices. I was there for 4 days and I think are there for 4 of my meals. Just delicious!!Delicious food, spicy hummus, great service, and it's 24/7- what more could you ask for? The restaurant is never too crowded and the food is consistently fantastic. The attached convenience store is great as well. I think I might be addicted to the chicken shawarma!open 24 hours! i ate here about 8 times over a 2 week period on a work trip. the beef shish kebab was my favorite in either a wrap or platter. the hummus is very good. 
prices are somewhat high (common in this area of course) but the food was good enough for me to go back. after a drink and side/app, i was usually spending $25 per visit.In for a conference, glad I wandered down to find this hole in the wall restaurant with what turns out to be a beautifully presented, healthy, terrifically satisfying dinner. I'm amazing baked ham the kitchen open 24 hours and served such an extensive healthy and fresh menu. Certainly worth coming to try it out. My guess is  if you are local, and like Mediterranean food, you will become a regular.Don't believe the hype. Mona's is so much better. Food was overlooked and greasy and we were charged twice for an entree.This place is located in a convenience store, but do not let that be deceiving. The food is amazing! It was the best falafel I have ever had. I highly recommend this place if you want something besides seafood. I love the seafood New Orleans has to offer, but this was a pleasant change in cuisine. You will not regret this hidden gem.Expensive food with very little protein. Even their soft drinks are priced to hurt. I am okay with a $7 gyro if you cut it off the spit but out of a measured bag bothers me. Especially when the gyro is 95 percent bread.I thought this place was average, especially for the price and atmosphere. I live in FL and we have several excellent Mediterranean and Turkish places. The food was good, and I liked the gyro meat but like some of the reviews, I didn't like the spicy hummus topping. I spent close to $20 for a gyro platter and a drink (it was organic which was lovely). I can get twice the food for that price in FL and better overall. But, the people there are super friendly and it is quick.In town for vacation.
We ordered a Chicken Kabob plate with salad and hummus with pita bread. Our other item was a Greek salad.
The chicken kabob was perfectly cooked and had an amazing flavor. The hummus was delicious, too. We liked the Greek salad but should have added gyros or chicken to it.
Not your typical restaurant ambience but who cares? You Yelp for the food, right?
Be sure to strike up a conversation with Sharif the entrepreneurial owner. His background may surprise you. Not your typical convenience store slash restaurant owner.
Back to San Diego...Thanks, Cleo's!Wow, excellent middle eastern food. Fresh and delicious. We shared the Mezze Platter. The owner was very nice. Cleo's was written on outside, convenience store as you walk in with tables and chairs inside. As good as I have every eaten.  I would definitely return.The nice owners of this place asked me to write a review - I was like "everyone already thinks this place is amazing but sure! Be glad to add!!"  The red lentil soup is one of the best I've ever had - the lemon was perfect with the very flavorful, large bowl of soup.  I got the vegetarian platter and the hummus and baba ganoush came with pomegranate seeds and chili oil which was delicious.  The grape leaves were awesome..I wish I bought some to take home with me. Definitely a great place to go if you're tired of Cajun/Creole or fried food... I'm only visiting but hope to go again before I fly back to San Francisco!Food was uncooked. It was served cold. The Shawarma was probably rotten. Highly advise to avoid this place.My experience here was amazing! Everyone here was very friendly and helpful!! Sam was more than welcoming to us and Alex was more than gracious enough to show us around the imported candy!!!! And to find there is a wish list in case you'd want something special!!! Tarik will definitely look into it for you! I also love the fact when you eat here, you can buy whatever drink you want!!! Ashra and Elham did a wonderful job in the kitchen! We had the spinach pies, haloumi cheese, avacodo salad and a gyro. We were more than satisfied with everything and everyone!!!!Ok my friend and I went to the Orpheum Theater and found this little gem next door. EVERYTHING was delicious. The hummus was creamy with a lovely olive oil and red type of sauce that only can be gotten in the Middle East. The eggplant was served smokey as if it had been cooked outdoors on a clay pit. The vegetarian stuffed grape leaves had some sort of creamy cheese included unless that was my imagination. Everything we ate was vegetarian. So I haven't tasted their meats yet... These people know what they're doing with food and open 24 hours !!!!I crave this place.  Their lentil soup is the best I've had.  The salad isn't cheap iceburg and the house dressing is so good!  Service is always friendly. 
highly recommendedBest meal we've have had since we got to NOLA! Sooooooo yummy! Everything was cooked to order, super fresh and delicious. I rarely rave about places but I was VERY impressed. It looks like a convenience store but walk in, get seated and they have full dining service. Caroline was our server and she was awesome! They even allow outside alcohol and let us know we could go next door and get something to drink with our meal. They also have every drink/mixer option you could ask for.OMG!!!!! This place is the best!!!! Fresh vegetables, rich flavor and good service. LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!! Healthy, delicious foodFood was delicious. I took off one star because the service was bad. Man who took our order was also running register of convenience store. He never checked on us after he brought out our food.  I would have liked at least one refill of my iced tea.After a few days of seeing the same food on every menu, this place was a refreshing break from the standard Nola fare.. Mediterranean home cooking at its best in a mom and pop convenience store. The lamb chops, hummus, falafel, and salad are excellent! Take a break from cajun and creole boredom.Quick service, although the "waiter" seemed a bit impatient, but it seems like that is just the pace of a touristy city that moves quickly in general, he really was polite. I got the shrimp kebab with hummus and salad and my love got lamb shank with salad and hummus. They seemed put off that he ordered it rare, but that's just how he got it. The report on the lamb is that it's delicious. I believe it, since I just glanced over and it's gone! The shrimp is perfect, not over cooked and that delicious grilled flavor. We both agree the hummus is delicious. A definite gem worth visiting, don't be put off by the fact that it's a convenience store, trust me.Not gonna win any awards for ambiance, but the staff was nice and the food was good, much better than the Halal Guys (see other review). If you're looking for Middle Eastern, this place was among the better I've ever had. Good hummus, falafel, and rice. Price was good too. The convenience store has an eclectic assortment of specialty and mainstream items. I tried not to watch how the food was actually being prepared, which wasn't difficult because there's a high counter blocking the view. This helped me envision the use of gloves on the paws of the chef -- which is a weird pet peeve I have if I see food prep without gloves. If I don't see it, it can't bother me. I digress. Good food, you won't be disappointed. Gloves or no gloves.This place is a gem. The food is so good that it makes you literally want to cry tears of happiness. From the first bite I took of my Haloumi to the last bite I took of my Gyro, it felt like an Angel was hugging me the whole time. From the outside, you see a convenience store but on the inside, it's a treasure cove. I highly recommend getting the Mezze platter (more than enough food for 2) and the Haloumi or their Gyro. The food is colorful, authentic, and fresh. Service is super quick too. This place is open 24 hrs so you truly have no excuse for not frequenting it on the regular!Simply the best in NOLA:)
The rack of lamb was scrumptious, the salad fresh, and the hummus and pita were fabulous. Don't let the outside or convenience store feel fool you. This place is an absolute gem. The owners are very kind.It's inside a convenience store so a lil easy to miss. I hate leaving So So reviews but this wasn't the greatest. There were flies on the table and I had the lamb kebab. The lamb was extremely salty and it came with a side of rice which tasted like it came out of an Uncle Benz  pre made bag, the only thing I liked was the hummus. I would have given it a 2nd try if I didn't have to fight off 3 flies.Yelp let me down on this one!  I had chicken teeka, and my hubby had a different chicken dish. Both were sooooo overcooked and dry. The only saving grace was the hummus, which had a nice spicy kick to it. We both had to put the hummus all over our chicken to eat it. I will say that the flavors for everything were spot on, but I couldn't eat a lot of my chicken, because it was too tough. This place is in a convenience store, which I don't mind....but the store is dingy and needs a good cleaning, which made for an unpleasant experience. The service was fine...efficient.Great full menu of Mediterranean options.  The waiter, Sam, is always really attentive.Awesome Mediterranean food, good pace for vegan n options and they're open super late. They're the only place I know in New Orleans where I can get vegan food after 11pm. Try the falafel, it's amazing!I cannot say enough about this place. It is a Mediteranean cafe inside of a convenience store. The food is superb. It is among the best that I have ever had.  I dont think I need to say anything further. I cannot wait to go back.Stumbled upon this restaurant about two months ago and I now refer to it as "my spot" as I've been at least once every week.   The food is consistently excellent, the place is well maintained, and the service is right on.  The owners are two great guys who will surely take care of you.  Love Cleos!!!This is hands down the best Mediterranean restaurant in New Orleans outside of Shaya (and I've eaten at them all -- Lebanon, Pyramid, Mona's, etc). Now obviously they are in completely different categories -- Shaya high end dining, and Cleo's basically a low budget eats type of place. But the food here is fantastic. Super fresh, light, and flavorful. Tonight I went with a friend and we had the Egyptian salad and the Greek salad -- both excellent, through I preferred the Egyptian which was perfectly balanced diced cucumber, tomato, green onion, and parsley dressed lightly with lemon juice and olive oil. We also had the lamb kebabs and the chicken shwarma, both which came with rice and hummus and pita. The hummus was so fresh and lemony and delicious. The rice was perfectly cooked and actually flavorful -- normally I hate side-dish restaurant rice as it just tastes industrial and like it has been sitting around forever. This right was light, fluffy, and lightly spiced -- so good. The meats were cooked to well done, but the seasoning was perfect on them, and I didn't mind that they were cooked well since the hummus helped keep them moist. The three of us all had sodas, and left full for $56. Can't wait to go back!Awesome dinner here! Had the shawarma combo, with hummus and pita. Hummus was outstanding- so creamy, offset with spice- I think it was sriracha sauce. I really liked that you can get a quality fast casual meal yet still pick out any drink from the integrated convenience store. Will definitely be back again.Freshest tabbouleh, delicious falafel, great hummus and tazticki.  Super friendly. Definitely recommend.Though the tabbouleh was a little tough for my taste, the foul madamas more than made up for it.  Fresh, healthy food in a convenient location.  What more can you ask for?AMAZING!!!!!!  Just loved eating here.  Yes, it is in a convenient store but the dining area is super cute, clean and looks just like a restaurant.  I got the vegetarian platter which was perfect for one person.  It has everything!  The price is also great :).  Try the Lebanese iced tea!!Best greek food I've ever had!  Any visit to New Orleans is incomplete without coming here. 
It's inside of a convenient store which is a little strange, but the food speaks for itself.  TONS of vegetarian options, too.  Friendly staff, and the prices are decent.  
Highly recommend the Lebanese iced tea, I've never had anything like it before. I ate here first in early 2014 and having just gone again, I'm glad to see the quality has maintained, it may even be better.Went with a friend some staff nice except the gentlman running the joint with the glass not very welcoming there food I know has a lot of stars but I don't think it has a lot of flavor and for the prices the portions don't add up next I'm just going to the halal guys sorry but I call them like I seen them and this was not a good and welcoming experienceI've sure been trying to find a decent Mediterranean restaurant (let's just say "Middle Eastern," because none of these places are heavy on the Spanish, Italian, French, or Greek food) since moving to the area, and happened to luck into Cleo's a couple of nights back when I happened to be in town.  It's in a little grocer, it's pretty low-key, and it's delicious.
We shared the mezze plate, with hummus, tabouli, baba ghanoush, falafel, kibeh, and tahini, and it was all very good.  I went for the koftah kebabs, I had a taste of my son's grilled chicken and my wife's gyro salad, and it was all wonderful.
A lot of people I meet think gyro meat is all alike.  The stuff you get at little gyro stands and mom and pop Greek restaurants in the US tend to be, but once in a while, like in Little Greece in Chicago, or like at Cleo's, you'll run across the good stuff.  Most gyro meat has a couple of powerful flavors, and that's that.  The good stuff is more subtle, better balanced, and has a heckuva lot going on.  Cleo's has all that going on.
Darned good stuff.  Good job, guys.Decent food. What really rocks is that they are open 24h. Even though Nola is a 24-hour city it can be hard to find diverse late night bites. When your late night cravings hit and you're sick of bar food, this place is a welcome break from the late night greasy monotony.This place is awesome! The staff is INCREDIBLY friendly and helpful, and the food is beautifully made. Everything is just right. Never is the lemon, garlic, or rose water overpowering in anything. Everything is perfectly balanced. If I lived here, I would eat here every day.Needed a quick bite and this had great reviews. The exterior threw me off because it looked like a gas station, but so glad we came. Had beef shawarma and a gyro salad, both of which were excellent. Open 24/7? I'll definitely be back.Cleo's is the blade! I eat here at least once a week. The guys there are real cool people. Best Mediterranean food in Nola hands downOnly restaurant we went to twice during our week in New Orleans. The mashed Fava beans and Vegetarian Platter are not to be missed. Also Fried Eggplant is the best I've ever had. It's really sautéed with an  Egyptian "kick it up a notch"  spicy tapenade that makes this dish excel beyond the normal Middle Eastern cuisine.  Not just for Vegetarians, but boy were we happy to find this friendly casual cafe. The entire staff were very hospitable. Our first visit we had a sweet beauty who helped us order and acted like we were eating at her family's restaurant. Second time we had Sam who we briefly chatted with about health and fitness. He smoothly added a to go order on after we'd finished our meal.Was visiting NOLA from California and we needed something low on the grease. We stopped in here and it was great. Everyone was super friendly and the food was Delicious. We all had different kabobs and liked picking out our drinks from the huge selection. The hummus presentation was really unusual for me as it was really decorated with olives and beautiful little additions. It was like artwork. Our plates were great and we hope to return! It was a nice break to have a salad after all the fried food.This is some of the most incredible Mediterranean cuisine I've ever had. It's in totally unassuming building that is part-convenient store part-restaurant. We got the halloumi appetizer and I had the lulu chicken wrap. It was incredible and incredibly inexpensive. Coming back for sure!!!Food is tasty.  I got grilled shrimp and veggies and lamb chop over rice. Lamb chop is good for the price (17).This place is living on former glory, On a recent visit it was obvious from the first bite Cleo's has fallen far. I ordered a fairly higher priced plate only to be served shoe leather and sides that tasted like junk you buy for a microwave preparation at Winn Dixie. I sent it back to the kitchen for a second try...they failed again. A request for a "fair" size order of pita was met with a scowl and a look of confusion. Ask for more sauce for your sandwich and get $1.00 added to the bill. Needless to say, I paid and complained on the way out which was met by a FU attitude. Forget Cleo's they have given up on quality.Nice little market/restaurant. Food was tasty and the guy who runs it is extremely warm and accommodating.A "Foodie Gem of a Place"! 
Read other posts before trying lunch at this location.  It is a little market with a nice variety of trendy soft drinks, and a great menu selection of Meterranian cuisine.  Don't let looks deceive you,  If you're searching for really good quality food that's delicious, this is the place to dine.  I'll sacrifice good food over fancy decor anytime!
When we were served our food, it was impressive......this is a major thumbs up! This is by far one of the best Meterranian food that I've had in a while and the hummus was impressive too.  It had a nice subtle spice to it.
We got the grape leaves stuffed with meat and rice (appetizer size....served with a touch of goat cheese...yum).  We also got a gyro platter served with a choice of two sides (we chose saffron rice and hummus).  The gyro was seasoned nicely.  
The portions are generous, food quality is very good too.  There was so much food that me and my friend shared lunch, and we were stuffed.  
The price was reasonable (12.95) considering the quantity and quality of their food.
I highly recommend this place.  It's a hidden little gem of a place, a place where (it appears)  the locals dine at.Food was very good , but it is more of a sandwich type restaurant. I would go again but was looking for a little more atmosphereIn the typical New Orleans tradition of great things being found in unlikely places, this mediterranean restaurant in a quickie mark is not something to be missed.  I highly recommend the veggie platter a nice chat with Sam.This place is in a convenience store, but don't let that fool you. The food is really good and it's all made to order. Had the chicken teeka with rice & salad and it was delicious. The chicken was well-seasoned and almost fell off the bone. I was really impressed with the meal even through the set up is quite unorthodox, and the first impression might be sketchy. I would go back to this place to eat again.Excellent food, excellent service, and they bring the true culture of the Mediterranean to New Orleans. I'm here for a 1 week conference, I plan to go back later this week.Food is delecious and 3 stars are for food.
they have bad customer service. The person who was serving was rude and was claiming himself manager of the restaurant. Huh!
When I asked about the owner he said he not here.
Well again food is wonderful. I don't know how people have written that they have excellent customer service. 
God bless America.tarek,thanks for healthy fresh food,I will most definitely become a familiar face & eat here very often,with my family,THANKS AGAIN for HEALTHY FRESH FOODThe food was awful and they refused to provide me with water even after I paid full price for my meal and asked politely two times. Go to a different place if you are looking for tasty food and helpful service.Hands down the best hummus I've ever had.  Salad dressing as well, it is light, yet full of flavor.  Everything here is top notch, as well as the entire concept of grabbing a drink from the cooler with your entree.  Pricing is average for New Orleans, roughly 11-15 per plate, and well worth it.  Fantastic restaurant.
Sam is a great server. Ashra was a fantastic cook! Thank you!I really enjoyed my food good service the produce was fresh. I felt like licking my plate but didn't.
Next time I will try something veggie I will have to comeback and try.Decided to try this place because of the high reviews. The dining area is in a convenient store, so I was concerned I might be regret my decision but I needn't have worried because the food proved to be excellent. I had the rack of lamb/lamb kebab combo and my husband had the chicken tikka. I requested if they could substitute the lamb kebab for lamb sharma and they happy obliged. For appetizers we had grilled haloumi cheesee. The chicken, lamb were very moist and flavorful. The salad fresh. The rice perfectly seasoned. 5* for this dining experience.I've been coming to Cleo's on and off for a few years.  While I was initially very excited about the quality of the food and would rave to anyone who would listen about the quality and value of the sandwiches the quality seems to have tapered off a little over the last year.  What used to be a filling sandwich that was adequate for lunch seems to have shrunk and the quality of the meats/breads has declined somewhat.  Let's be straight - this is still a great lunch option and a total gem in the CBD area where it is tucked away.  Definitely give it  a shot - their mezze is top notch.  However, be mindful that their sandwiches in particular are not quite the late night delight they used to be.Literally the best falafel I've ever had in my entire life. The staff is sooooo nice and helpful and the service is crazy fast. Everything is super fresh and homemade with family recipes. The hummus is also phenomenal, and I'm sure everything else on the menu is too! The place looks a little sketchy from the outside, but it's nice and clean and has a clean bathroom. Also a convenience store in the front, which truly is quite convenient haha. Love, love, love this place, definitely would recommend!!!!Loved the food, but not the people. 
Went here a couple times in a single weekend because it is right by the Waldorf Astoria. 
On the Saturday or Sunday of Mardi Gras weekend, they gave us paper menus that had only half of the regular menu... they had removed all the meals less than 10$ and wouldn't honor that we were loyal customers who had recently memorized our favorite orders. 
Pretty sleazy move to take advantage of drunk people. Even sleazier to not honor customers who the whole kitchen knew at that point.Reasonable pricing. Vegetarian friendly. Personable staff. Tasty falafel!! Open late and cleaner than other restaurants in the area.Phone is busy, cannot place a takeout order. Poor customer service. Wouldn't recommended going there on a trip to NOLA. You will just be disappointed in the service.Stopped in upon recommendation of our Uber driver at 3am. GET THE FALAFEL! Don't get me wrong, the gyro was also amazing. But again GET THE FALAFEL WRAP! While you're there check out their selection of unique chocolates and drinks in the convenience store.Visiting from St. Louis and found this gem on Yelp. Just going to second what most people here are saying. Excellent Mediterranean food, beautiful presentation,  good value. Not an exaggeration to say I had the best falafel I've ever had here - crispy on the outside, green and flavorful on the inside, not overcooked like at a lot of places. Try the veggie platter for a great variety. It will fill you up but not overly so. Nice detox from a week of beignets!Hummus was great.Best i have ever had. Gyros were good and friendly service.Sam was our servers name really friendlyWent in here to kill time and grab a bite before a concert at the Orpheum and was pleasantly surprised. Food was great, cool casual atmosphere, and very affordable. Would def go back if in the area for a show!Very nice, fresh meal.  Don't let the convenience store facade fool you.  
This is now a staple for my NOLA casual dining/takeout.