Crawfish are good but wayyyyyy too spicy.The potatoes keep your lips and mouth burning .If you like overly hot then i guess this place is for you....I should have added the 2 stars are based on personal taste.Best crawfish broil and jambalaya we've had - ever. Cool vibes all around. Expect a local NOLA night away from the crowds and craziness.Amazing food and environment! We walked in on a rainy Saturday afternoon. There was a private party taking shelter from the rain, but they were incredibly welcoming and even shared their kegs with us! The staff was very friendly and gave great recommendations on how much food to order. They recommended at least 2lbs of crawfish per person, so we started with 2 each and then went back for another lb each after. The crawfish were DELICIOUS. The perfect seasoning made it strongly flavored but not too salty or spicy. I did feel some were a little overcooked, but they were so tasty I didn't even mind. The sides (at least the potatoes and corn) come with a garlic butter on top and were so surprisingly delicious. We also ordered the jambalaya fries, which made it too much food but were 100% worth it. 
So go! Try all of these things!Visited with friends. Had a sampling of everything. Burgers, shrimp, jambalaya and crawfish. All very good. Very casual New Orleans location. Love to do it again.Delicious. Can't believe it has taken me so long to get to this neighborhood place. The crawfish are boiled perfectly spicy. Jambalaya cheese fries sounded strange yet turns out they're awesome. So glad this place is open late!This place is awesome.  Crawfish is super legit, as is the rest of the food we had.  Fried catfish, meat pie, fries.  It's the drinkin food you want. 
The owner James is super cool and so are the dudes that work there. Love this neighborhood, thanks guys.We visit New Orleans at least annually and the Cajun cuisine is always one of the good parts of the trip. This trip we decided to get off the beaten tourist path and try a more realistic dining experience focusing on crawfish. Wow are we glad we did. This is a no frills place but cool with the feel you are eating in your buddy's man cave or garage. The food was beyond delicious! We had stuffed bell peppers with cornbread as an appetizer and crawfish with corn, potatoes and sausage. The crawfish were amazing and cooked perfectly. The sausage is some of the best I've ever had. We also got to sample a little of their fried catfish and it is the best I have ever eaten and I live on the TN river which is known as the catfish capital of the world. Tiny (really should be called Giant) was an awesome host. He had us try some fried jambalaya bites and wow these were great! It's their own jambalaya rolled into small balls and battered and deep fried served with remoulade. I highly recommend you find this place and give it a try. The prices are very affordable and much less than the more traveled tourist spots. I can assure you it will not be our last trip to enjoy their great food!Found this place via Yelp. It was my first time having crawfish and it was delicious! I really wished they gave more potatoes and corn with the meal but the corn was the best I've ever had. Definitely recommend!We visit New Orleans at least annually and the Cajun cuisine is always one of the good parts of the trip. This trip we decided to get off the beaten tourist path and try a more realistic dining experience focusing on crawfish. Wow are we glad we did. This is a no frills place but cool with the feel you are eating in your buddy's man cave or garage. The food was beyond delicious! We had stuffed bell peppers with cornbread as an appetizer and crawfish with corn, potatoes and sausage. The crawfish were amazing and cooked perfectly. The sausage is some of the best I've ever had. We also got to sample a little of their fried catfish and it is the best I have ever eaten and I live on the TN river which is known as the catfish capital of the world. Tiny (really should be called Giant) was an awesome host. He had us try some fried jambalaya bites and wow these were great! It's their own jambalaya rolled into small balls and battered and deep fried served with remoulade. I highly recommend you find this place and give it a try. The prices are very affordable and much less than the more traveled tourist spots. I can assure you it will not be our last trip to enjoy their great food!Clesi's puts a great spin on New Orleans staples. The atmosphere is relaxed. The people are great. The food is amazing! Definitely worth checking out. The catfish is to die for. The crawfish are PERFECT! I could eat here multiple times a week and never get sick of the food.Good crawfish that aren't very spicy.  However, they are clean.  My only criticism is that they serve them in a to-go box with sausage.  I did not like the sausage at all.  It was boiled with the crawfish and very spongy.  Next time I go I'll ask them to skip the sausage and just give me crawfish.  They are also the most expensive crawfish I've purchased this season.Went for the crawfish, but they don't start serving crawfish until 5 p.m.  Must have missed that little bit of info.  Unfortunately, it was our last day in NOLA and we weren't going to be in town for dinner.The best crawfish in New Orleans! And try the decadent Jambalaya fries.. Ta die 4 good! James is fantastic and gave us even more then we could eat! Will always be a place for us to eat during Jazzfest!Speaking for my mom's experience ( I went but I don't eat seafood) she loved it. She loved the crawfish she said they were the best crawfish she ever had. She also like how you can sit outside and and eat. 
She will definitely go back. 
I recommend if you want to eat some really tasty crawfish.Come here for some crawfish, anything on the menu, or just to talk to James. He's a good dude and a hard worker. Highly recommend!Clesi's is a little out of the way from the tourist sites, but it is totally worth the Lyft/Uber ride. It was my friend and my first time trying crawfish and OH MY LORD, it was amazing.  So flavorful and the spicy kick was perfect. We started off with 3 lbs to share ($6/lb) and ended up eating another 3 lbs. We ate until our fingers couldn't peel anymore. They offer both outdoor and indoor seating. If you hate flies, you're better off eating indoors. At night, they turn on the string lights outdoors, which makes for great ambiance.Man, these are probably the BEST crawfish I've had! I consider myself a foodie and for crawfish im really, really extra picky, so for me to say that it's freaking delicious, trust me, me, it's delicious, spicy and full of flavor!Took awhile to get the crawfish, but the best I've had outside of doing boils with friends. Very friendly and great set up. Can get beers at Bank st or bring your own.Super good food, but people were extremely rude except for the guy with the long blonde hair thanks for being so nice and teaching us how to eat crawfish (he's the only reason I rated this 4 stars)Stopped by today to try the Fried Catfish since it was voted Best in NOLA.  It was excellent. The coating was crispy and the seasoning was just right.  Fish was fresh. Came with Jambalaya which was good though I prefer the country-style brown jambalaya.  Service was prompt and staff was friendly.  Price was also very reasonable. With a drink I paid a little over $10.  Well worth the trip to Mid-City.Stopped in here for a bite one evening.  Wasn't sure to expect, and ordered a shrimp/catfish basket. My golly, this had to be the best fried catfish Ive ever tasted- super crisp, fresh, and seasoned to perfection! The shrimp were also nice and plump- tasted fresh off the boat. I spoke with Mr. Clesi, and what a great guy. He serves honest, straight up fresh New Orleans style seafood that warms the heart. 
In addition, he makes some of the best jambalaya Ive had. Its got that deep, rich, roasty brown color from the caramelized sausage. Just enough spice to wake you up.  Highly recommend giving them a try, and I look forward to going back soon!im from new york and decided to stray away from the french quarter for some amazing!!!!!!!! food. very easy to get to by bus. just ask google for directions. the food was Amazing. the catfish and jambalaya was soooooo tasty, it was really crispy and very well seasoned . im hispanic so I know well seasoned food. the guy that served the food was so friendly and was giving us other suggestions to hear good live music. the crawfish was so damn good. it was coocked perfect and not over coocked. it had this great seasoning that made you just want to eat the whole shell too lol. theres a bar next door where you can get beer and bring it back to enjoy with your food. highly highly recommend. the restaurant is also very clean and has a great atmosphere. its located in a nice suburb.Amazing! Definitely worth the uber ride out of the french quarter... or you could bike there! Authentic Delicious crawfish with great service and fantastic price.This place doesn't have much of a menu, but that was fine because all we wanted were crawfish and they had a ton of that!! For those that don't know, this place is BYOB. We did not know that but they suggested we go to the bar next door and bring a couple drinks back. The staff we very nice and the crawfish were good. Not much to complain about, other than that it's a little far from downtown where our hotel was. An Uber was about $10 each way but that's not their fault. I would definitely go back for more crawfish!Very delicious, missed the crawfish season and bummed about that. Jambalaya was great, the cheese fries are perfect, and the catfish was perfect.Highly recommend this place we came from Chicago and all we wanted was Crawfish and we were not disappointed will be coming back before we take off !We really enjoyed this place. The service was great and the staff were very friendly and efficient. I came up to the register with cash to get more corn and another drink, and when I came up a few cents short, the man said he'd take care of it even though it really was a matter of popping back over to my table to get change. We ordered our food, sat down, and maybe 10 minutes later, they brought our order to us. The prices were worth what you received. I ordered 1lb of crawfish, potatoes, corn, and sausage and a bottled water and spent about $10 without tip. There were other menu items I wanted to try, but I was very satisfied with the food that I ordered. Overall, it was a great experience and I'd love to stop by here again on my next visit to NOLA.I give the place four stars because trying to park in that area was pretty tight.  However the food deserves more than 5 .  We wanted to sit next door at the bar and they brought the food to us. The crawfish had the right spice and the wife loved fried pickles and dip.   Can't wait to come back and do it again.4 stars because a lot of my crawfish had straight tails :/ however! They were good, and CHEAP! $6/lb! Friendly staff! Live music! Doesn't get better!This place is amazing. They run out of crawfish within an hour of boiling so get there early. James is awesome and will do anything to take care of you. The crawfish are spot on, the corn is amazing, and the portions are great. Over a few days we had everything on the menu. The boudin balls, catfish, jambalaya, and accompanying mustard are the bomb. I recommend this place every day of the week for great comfort food. I'll come back to New Orleans just to come back hereCrawfish were excellent but jambalaya tasted old and should not have served.  Stick to the crawfish!The crawfish was very good and tasty the corn and potatoes were full of flavor. The fried catfish and shrimp were very very good. We had a group of nine people as we ordered the printer went down in the kitchen. We had a little longer wait than normal but they more than made up for the inconvenience everything turned out great. Good atmosphere nice crew. We will be back when we come back to NOLA.Very good crawfish. They reheated them but the crawfish came with sausage, lots of potatoes and corn. We ate at the bar and were served by the owner James. They are open untill midnight and have fish, burgers, bugs, jambalaya and bread pudding.Staff was super friendly and helpful. Got to watch them cook the fresh crawfish. They don't service alcohol here but your welcome to get a drink at the bar next door and bring it to your table.
Mostly outside seating, flavors are delicious!!Love this place! Great and friendly service, ambiance is so unique and crawfish is outstanding!!! Come on and try this place!This dump seems to be closed permanently.My friend got food poision from here .They open for a couple of days and then close for weeks no wonder she got food poision do not trust this place food is not fresh .How could it be with such random stupid hours.Who the hell is running this place lol.What a joke! Buyer beware.You have been warnedEverything is fantastic with great service. Crawfish, catfish, and jambalaya are particularly amazing. Very cool place.DEFINITELY DO NOT GO BEFORE 3PM. i went to clesi's one evening and got pretty good crawfish. so good that i went back the next day around 3. They gave me 1lb of fresh, hot crawfish and FOUR pounds of what was obviously the old and small leftovers from the day before... many of the crawfish were small, MUSHY, and already cracked. even the corn was a day old. do better, yallAmazing Jambalaya fries - a must order. Sell out of crawfish mad quick thoCrawfish is good and very nice employees .We did like the corn and sausage.Loved the place. Great atmosphere. Friendly people and neighborhood. Owner was super nice. Great place for crawfish lovers. Seasoning was good, a bit on the salty side but good nonetheless. We had 4 lbs of crawfish plus the jambalaya fries. Crawfish were $6/lb.The crawfish was great.  I am sensitive to salt and it was perfect for me. I had 3 small pieces of smoked sausage (app 1 1/2"), 2 potatoes and a corn as well as 3lbs of crawfish.  I wanted more but was on a tight schedule.  I didn't have too many sides to where I was too full to enjoy my crawfish. I did have to wait about 25 min between ordering and receiving my order as they had just started boiling more.The crawfish, fried catfish and jambalaya were amazing. Everything was perfectly cooked and spiced. The outdoor seating and chill ambiance were perfect.The best crawfish I have had in New Orleans! We ordered 7 pounds and finished all! I highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends who would like to have crawfish in New Orleans---and catfish--- they offered us to try some slices and it tastes so good!After taking a trip to a couple of cemeteries, my boyfriend and I decided to eat in the area. Using good ol' yelp, we searched restaurants nearby. We decided on Clessi's. We got there a few minutes before they opened and had drinks at the bar next door. 
One inside we ordered a Shrimp boil, since crawfish was not in season. Since the wait was about 20 minutes, we ordered fried broccoli; amazing!! The dipping sauce was so good and savory. Once we got our shrimp boil,we ordered another order of broccoli and started peeling them shrimps. They were delicious! I wanted to chug the broth in the bowl, but decided to stay classy. The shrimp was perfectly seasoned with a slight kick of spice, the corn was sweet and a perfect balance to the kick.Southern hospitality at its finest. The price is so cheap compared to the places we go to in California. 
They even gave us 3 extra crabs. 
Definitely coming back to this place when we come and visit NOLA again.Clesi's was highly recommended by friends of mine that live in New Orleans. I am visiting and they thought this was a must-have experience. I can honestly say they were right. The crawfish were amazing, the corn exceptional and I have never had sausage as good. The chef, Tiny, was so helpful and took such good care of us. He made sure that we had just the right amount of food. For a true New Orleans experience, Clesi's is the place to go!There's this guy there, Drew, that rocks at boiling crawfish. It's a great neighborhood spot where you can roll up, sit with friends and get some delicious crawfish. I'll be back. Super tasty.So i decided i would take my 2 kids and hubby out for dinner for some fried catfish well that did not work out.We walked up and they were having some kind of party and alot of ppl were dropping the f bomb and most were way wasted so we turned around and left. I guess they dont want families eating here.Ordered 10 lbs of boiled crawfish and loved it. It was my first time enjoying the cuisine and I enjoyed the taste and the experience. I'm glad there was an outdoor seating area tooDelicious crawfish. Corn and potatoes are amazing too.  Most important of all, great people!What a diamond in the rough.  The only reason for the four instead of a five is because they need more picnic tables.  Atmosphere was great.  Lot of locals.  Crawfish was great.  Went on a Sunday night and it was still packed.  We in town for a week and planning another trip.The perfect way to spend a sunny afternoon! The crawfish were perfectly cooked and good size. Easy to peel and nice and spicy! And while they don't have beer, Bank Street Bar is right next door, so just grab your beer over there.  Plus, it's only six dollars a pound.  And all the cooks have beards.  Very manly.  I'll be back!Fried catfish is so crunchy and tasty! Fries are okay side dish, jambalaya is delish! And now they have sno-balls! Get a drink at banks st bar while you wait or add liquor to your shaved ice...Clesi's may have been my favorite part of my first trip to New Orleans! We ordered the crawfish and a side of jambalaya. Both were out of this world. I had a friend who had never had crawfish before and the wonderfully sweet soul behind the counter showed him how to eat them. The phenomenal food and amazing hospitality make this place so hard to pass up. Clesi's will be a must each time I return to the big easy.Absolutely incredible!!!!  First time eating crawfish!  We loved everything.  Our group  had burger, crawfish, poboy, fries, fried pickles...incredible!!Sweet Lord! Tonight (Wednesday Night) we rolled up at about 9:15-9:30. We are not locals so it was hard for us to find a place for a late dinner that was outside of the f. quarters. We walked in and were kindly greeted with southern charm! We were the only ones there which was nice, we got great service and fresh cooked food! 
We ordered a few different things on the menu to try based on the Yelp reviews... See below:
:: Fried Shrimp + Fries * Yummy, and flavorful!
:: Catfish w/ Jambalaya Cheese Fries * Freakin' Yum!! 
:: 1 Boiled Crab - $2 (Never had this before, so it took patience to pull apart, but it was yummy) Came w/ a spicy piece of corn, a small red potato and a piece of hot sausage.
:: Cokes + Rootbeer * May I suggest a water tho! 
Overall it was a great time, food came out quickly and the hostess was super friendly! We took a lot of food to go as well! We loved the outdoor ambiance too even though we sat inside this time! Must check this place out before heading home of you are on vacation!This place is great. Delicious and super laid back. Everyone is friendly and the crawfish is fresh and the spices are really good. Definitely recommend it.Delicious craw! Not too salty, not too spicy, just right (and nice and garlicky). Not only was the craw good, but the staff was awesome too. They ran out of potatoes when we were there (we were there late, and they ran out when we ordered our second batch of food - it was that good), so they gave us a free pound of crawfish instead. Overall a great experience, and a place I'd like to go back to.This spot was recommended by our waitress at a breakfast spot in Bywater. I'm so glad she told us about it! One of the main things we wanted to have on our recent trip to New Olreans was crawfish, and boy, did Clesi's deliver. First of all, the service was phenomenal. We ordered our box of crawfish (which came with sausage and corn and a potato) and began chowing down. After talking to one of the guys, he told us he was making a fresh batch of crawfish and I was tempted to get more. He also told us that he was making some fresh fried catfish, and once I told him I've never tried catfish, he insisted on giving us a free taste! I was pleasantly surprised just how delicious that catfish was. Thin and fried to perfection, it melted in your mouth! We ended up getting too full to order more crawfish, and headed out toward the car, and said bye to our new friend. He was just pulling the freshly boiled crawfish into the shop and gave us one each to go, just so we could taste how delicious they are steaming hot and fresh... and they, again, were sooo good. Honestly, if we had one extra day on our trip, we would have gone back for a second time. Can't wait to come visit again when we make another trip to New Orleans!I was a fan of this spot. When I saw that they offered a crawfish boil after my long day in city park, I was sold for the evening.
I originally called two days prior to see if the boil would be happening. The gentleman that answered the phone was so kind, that I knew it was a place I wanted to be. Most people sound so miserable when you call ahead. 
The crawfish was fresh, and the decor was practical but with a touch of a home like feel with beautiful pillows, and wooden tables outside. Simple - yet comfortable. 
Bathrooms have recycled toilet paper (I respect this) and a practical sink to wash your hands and arms after eating the messy food. 
Cons: jambalaya fries all had fresh delicious ingredients but wayyyyyyy too much cheese. It made it difficult to eat. It was overwhelming. Also, if pitchers of filtered water were given to guests, it would be better for the environment, and nice for the customers after eating the flavorful spiced grub.Eating outdoor was nice. Environment was nice. Crawfish was ok. It was more on the bland side for me. Jambalaya was not good. Never thought I could go wrong w jambalaya. It was too slimy/mushy and for some reason more on the sour side. I'm use to jambalaya being flavorful and devouring.When I saw they won a people's choice for best catfish over Middendorf's I had to check it out for myself. Their batter for the catfish was fantastic. The jambalaya was half sausage. The fried pickles were the best I've had in town. Crawfish were pretty damn good as well. My only regret is that I heard they sometimes do boudin and I would have loved to try that as well. Great place to come get you some Louisiana food.Seriously thee best boiled crawfish (other than my Uncle Paul's). James makes you feel like family! Always a great story and awesome company. That may even make the crawfish taste better. The fried catfish is nothing to sneeze at either! 5 stars, all the way!Was a cool little spot and the catfish was very good. The crawfish was okay and wasn't spicy enough. Maybe it was just our batch. (5/10)
You can walk right next door to grab a couple of beers too.Oh my goodness.....this was by far my absolute favorite place that we stopped the entire time we were in NOLA. I wish that I could give this place 10 stars!!! The food was epic, especially the crawfish and the jambalaya. The crawfish was cooked perfect and easy to crack and so inexpensive! The jambalaya was amazing too, spicy and flavorful. We also tried their meat pies and the cheese fries, both of which were good but I'd just save extra room for the first two items next time! The thing I loved the most about this place was the staff! They were sooo friendly and welcoming and accommodating! They cook the crawfish right outside and you can watch and chat it up with the guy while he's boiling them! If you can only choose one place to eat out while in NOLA, you should definitely choose this place! You won't regret it!Crawfish is $8.00 a pound and they were TINY. 
Cocktail and wine list are extremely high for the type of restaurant it is - they should have more and less expensive options.We wanted crawfish on a Sunday, which isn't always easy to find. Thanks to yelp, we found this place! They were sooooo good! Excellent flavor! My only criticism is that they sell by the box, which is $14, and without a pound measurement it's hard to gauge how good of a deal you're getting. The boxes are full to the brim and it seems to be a good deal. They add one Corn, one potato, and one sausage to the box for free. I would suggest getting an additional box with just corn, sausage and potatoes, I like that stuff. Otherwise, we will be going back!
Great stuff!Great crawfish boil. Jumbalaya cheese fries were also unreal. Would go back again and again!Where to start!A friend that lives in New Orleans born and raised actually brought me here for some crawfish.To start off with their dumpster was about a 100 ft away from where the outdoor tables are.It had been warm and they obviously don't have a routine garbage pick up .The flys omg hundreds of them along with maggots.Frikin disgusting! There was also some kind of sludge looking crap running down the sidewalk sure hope it wasn't something coming from the building.Better yet the kitchen.We must have been glutton for punishment so we took our overpriced crawfish indoors.We ordered the catfish .Best catfish in the city? Lmao.My friend said that is a joke uf this is the best then this  city is in trouble.Undercooked,over salted ,strong in flavor nothing good about it.Then came the cook no gloves,no hair net and or hats is that not a board of health regulation in this town? Jambalaya omg this stuff was horrendous tasted oldddddd.Crawfish oh i forgot yeah they were left over not fresh .Nice way to try to cheat your customers they get away with it with locals.Glad i had a local with me to teach me the difference.So back to the inside cook smoking not washing hands touching surfaces then touching food .Old drunk emploee man breathing in our face and hitting on us.Is good help hard to find?This place is a joke don't let the reviews fool you just think about all the bad experiences that ppl havw had that don't use yelp.I work for a tour  company in FL and New Orleans tour  is the one i deal with i will make sure this place doesn't go into any of our travel brochuresClesi is a very hospitable gentleman. Small place, good price. Tasty crawfish and sausage. Didn't have jambalaya fries to try on a Tuesday night. Come eat here anyway.The crawfish were spicy and delicious. We also got an order of meat pies that reminded me of the kind you get at the zoo, which is awesome. I've heard the jambalaya and even the jambalaya fries (carb overload) are amazing, so I might have to try that next time. Go next door to Banks street bar, get a beer or three and dive into your delicious crawfish.My favorite place in the city to get my crawfish! They boil right in front of you. The later at night the spicier they seem and that is when I like to go! Amateurs stick with the daytime :)A group of 16 of us were staying just a few blocks away from Clesi's and stopped in Saturday night for crawfish. They welcomed our giant group with open arms and were very helpful for us first-timers. Within our group we ended up trying nearly everything on the menu and everything was great. We were blown away by the food and service. Atmosphere was very laid back, music was good, and prices were reasonable. Definitely very happy with our experience at Clesi's and would highly recommend it!A definite must when you're in NOLA! Super juicy crawfish and the atmosphere is amazing!Great tasting boiled crawfish that include corn, potatoes and sausage. In mid-June price was $6/pound. They have both outdoor and indoor seating. You can go next door to purchase a beer at the bar, if you like beer with your crawfish. We'll definitely be back.Two words .....consistently good! We've had the crawfish, catfish and boudin balls several times and each time did not disappoint. Good prices, nice owner & staff and great food!!!!! What more can you ask for5$/lb crawfish boil, which I thought was reasonable though Locals will know where you can get it cheaper. I came here on the red line street car from the French quarter because it had good reviews and I wanted to try something off the beaten path. It was very small and older looking, but clean, and had plenty of seating. The people were so friendly, the food came out quickly, and it was delicious. A little Cajun kick that you don't notice immediately. I got a corn, a potato, and a sausage for a couple bucks extra, and a can of coke. Total came to 10$ and some change for 1 lb which was enough for me! Apparently locals eat closer to 5 lbs but I could barely finish all that I ordered. One of the staff was nice enough to sit down with me and teach me how to eat crawfish correctly. Everyone was so so nice, and I would definitely recommend it if you want to get outside the French quarter.I had many members of my family in from out of town   to celebrate my mom's life. The day before the service we gathered together at Clesi's. I wanted them to enjoy a true New Orleans culinary  experience...eating crawfish.  To say the least, the crawfish were amazing. Boiled to perfection! The staff was very kind and eager to help. Thank you for such a wonderful experience!Crawfish here is good, real good. Murder 8 lbs no problem. Love the bar and crawfish vibe too. Order your drink, and suck on some head.This place rocks !!!!Some the best, lets say everything I had !! So lucky to live around the corner. For 12 years I had a Crawfish boil where I gave away 2000 lbs of bugs so I know my way around a crawfish and these bugs are to a crawfish lover what water is to a fish !! Can't say enough other than Go Getcha some a dat love !!!Clesi's catered my wedding weekend welcome crawfish boil in early April during a very bad rain spell. Despite torrential rains the day of the event and a partially flooded site, the team showed up on time and did everything they could to get things going. The crawfish and sides were delicious, and the team was extremely friendly and professional. The plastic trays they brought made for easy eating and clean up. Sonya, their operating manager, was responsive and detail oriented throughout the booking process.
I'd definitely recommend Clesi's for anyone looking to have a crawfish boil catered in New Orleans. Thanks for a great event!I love Clesi's! We decided to try Clesi's because of its 4.5 stars on Yelp. And they did not disappoint. We ordered 3lbs of crawfish, fried shrimp, and jambalaya. The crawfish was so fresh it tasted like butter! The seasoning was appropriate, not too salty not too overwhelming you can still enjoy the fresh meat juice. Their fried shrimp is good too, nothing too significant I mean fried shrimp is just fried shrimp you know how can you do it worse lol. Their jambalaya had a lot of sausages if you're into that. Not the best jambalaya but defs one of the better ones. I think the price at Clesi's is reasonable. $6 for a lb of fresh, delicious crawfish. We tried Cajun Seafood and it had the same price but the quality is wayyyy opposite. Ahh and the owner is super friendly too) And they have outlets to charge your phone if youre having tourist problems like I always do hahahaThe crawfish were too salty. My lips felt swollen after eating it. But I must say the seasoning was tasty. We also ordered fried pickles and broccoli which were really hot and delicious.Oh baby crawfish!  My SO had a friend in town who wanted crawfish, and we had been wanting to try Clesi's, so to Clesi's we went!
Upon walking up, we were warmly greeted by Clesi himself; and he said "Come on in, the crawfish are soaking and they'll be coming out in a few minutes!"
So we walked in and waited in the short line to order, and when we got to the front, Clesi had come aroung to take our order.  I got an order of crawfish (comes with a corn, a potato, and a sausage) and fries.  My SO got the jambalaya cheese fries, and her friend got an order of crawfish and meatpies.
The crawfish were excellent!  Perfect amount of salt and spice.  Not too spicy, not too salty.  They were flavored not to offend anyone, but still be satisfying.  The potato, corn, and sausage had also absorbed that good flavor.
The fries had a good helping of cajun seasoning on them, which was great by my standards.  And the jambalaya cheese fries... My goodness!  I'm sure the jambalaya would be good by itself, and I know the fries are good by themselves.  And obviously cheese is never bad.  The combination of all three was like a slice of gooey, cajuny heaven.
Clesi's far exceeded my expectations and I can't wait to go back.this place is so good. we were told by local to try here for crawfish. it was perfect. picnic tables outside, roll of paper towels, massive amounts of crawfish. and don't ever go without getting the jambalaya fries. spectacular.I REALLY wanted to like Clesi's crawfish because he's such a nice guy and I was happy to see the addition to the Mid City neighborhood, but...
I had some of their boiled crawfish from an event that they catered.  I gotta say...it just wasn't good.  The crawfish themselves just fell flat for me on flavor, and the potatoes and garlic were both undercooked.  I LOVE crawfish boil garlic.  That soft, mushy deliciousness smeared onto a potato.  Twas not to be.  I couldn't even smash the garlic between two fingers.Great concept! You get a plate of crawfish with the fixin's--corn, potato, and sausages for one set price. The crawfish were pretty good!I came here for an informal business dinner. It was amazing! We ordered 2 lbs shrimp and six boiled crabs, and fried oysters. (no oysters-on-the-half-shell here) The seafood was fresh, juicy, and flavourful. Staff were friendly and the prices were reasonable. The restaurant is a short walk from two streetcar lines. Would definitely come here again.Excellent crawfish! We went tonight and were treated to the best texture and flavor of crawfish I've had at a restaurant in a while. The price was typical of early season, maybe a little more, but worth it for the experience. The crawfish have a "lemony" boil, so so pleasant, and I can't emphasize more that the flavor was great. You can get beers next door at banks street! Also, staff of top notch. Great people.This place is fantastic. I was recommend this location by a local for the "best crawfish" around. I was not disappointed. My wife and I went and split a pound of crawfish and jambalaya. Wow! Both meals were awesome. The flavor of the crawfish left us wanting more and the jambalaya was some of the best I've had in ages. When we got back to our hotel we were seriously considering going back and getting another pound of crawfish but we didn't... I really wish we did. We were craving them for the next few days afterwards!Delicious. Boiled crawfish was 10/10. Fried shrimp 10/10. So amazing. Service was 10/10. Literally writing this review after just getting done eating here for the first time that's how good it is.Do not be afraid to stop in here...it's awesome! The jambalaya fries are good, the catfish is amazing, and the crawfish were deliciously wonderful!! We were a little worried when we walked in and then there was a "menu" but when we found out what he had it was all good! James greeted us and everyone in the place was friendly and welcoming. I don't want to forget about the best prices in town! EVERYONE SHOUKD CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!Amazing food! Never had crawfish before and this place did not disappoint. $8.00 a lb, while it was limited I got there right in time for the first of it. Then I find out that they had raw oysters as a special for .25 cents a piece during happy hour! Service was super friendly, I saw the chef running food as well and even give a table a very informative tutorial of how to eat crawfish correctly. I will definitely we returning!Loving their new location, great set up. I do think they'd benefit from a trough style sink so the line to the bathroom doesn't get crazy, but it doesn't take away from anything.  
Crawfish were done perfect, jambalaya fries were awesome and everything came out quick. 
Service was spotty but once we figured out all the servers would help us, we had no issues. 
Looking forward to going back.Best crawfish in town! So good! The sausage and corn was worth it alone but damn... that's crawfish tho. Perfectly seasoned and Tiny really took care of us- he showed my visiting mom the crawfish ropes and made us all feel right at home. You gotta go if you're a local looking for some damn good food or a tourist only in town for a bit. The atmosphere and service is so homey and welcoming. 
Also that jambalaya cheese fries... banginMy first crawfish! This place was rated number 1 on nola.com for crawfish and it noted it was a spicy flavoring. It was exactly that... lil spicy crawfish goodness. 
It was the best atmosphere! They had cornhole and other games to enjoy to make it a great day at a restaurant. The staff was so so friendly! We had never had a crawfish and when we asked how to eat them they brought out two additional crawfishes out (one for each of us) and showed us how to eat them. They went above and beyond!  
I think it was about 7$ per lbs for the crawfish and for the added corn was only 50 cents (and definitely worth it!), the potatoes would be 25 cents and a sausage for 2 dollars... we only tried the corn. The beer was reasonable (3.50$) for an Abita Amber. 
Overall a great experience.Food: 5 stars
Service: 1 star
My group showed up an hour and a half prior to close and waited a half hour for a table. Once we sat down and drink orders were taken we were told that the kitchen ran out of crawdads. After some time owner James was able to find some in the back and hook us up. AWESOME!!! Unfortunately, a bunch of other items we wanted were sold out and two or three menu items we ordered never came because, as the server put it, "If the orders were put in but the kitchen didn't make then then we're probably out of stock." Most of my party were really upset, but I was really happy that the staff made our crawdad dreams come true!
James was kind enough to chat me up for like 30 minutes near the end of our visit. What a fuckin cool guy! I'm really happy he made the crawdads happen for us and I'll definitely be coming back when I visit again. I'm hoping the service is much better on my next visit! See you then!!!Great crawish, decent price, relaxing atmosphere. I'M IN. Especially now that Banks Street Bar & Grill (where one must go to buy a beer to have with this crawfish) is now smoke free (by city ordinance).Walk back before you get in here !
We got charged 20 percent tip refers to the big party and the service was deadful. You guys just ruined our happiness. We were just pretended to be fine and forget about it.
Finally! You did mannual charge more tip on our account.
Are you serious!? The total was $50 tip with you low standard service.
If you wanna have a good meal with gold service go next door.They are closed for renovations. Made the trip uber from French quarter only to find they are closed. I'm giving 1 star for poor customer service in failing to update their yelp page.I was in New Orleans with a group of 20 people for a conference and contacted Clesi to cater one night.  They suggested the crawfish boil.  I wasn't sure since I didn't know if everyone would enjoy a crawfish boil.  Sonya suggested the crawfish boil and their jambalaya.  I ended up going with her suggestion.  It was the Highlight of the week!  Everyone loved it!  James - who did the boil, was not only entertaining, but made the entire process fun!  The crawfish and the jambalaya were amazing!!! I would definitely go back to Clesi!!!We came for some crabs but end up with boiled shrimps and fried oysters because they only serve boiled crabs during the weekend. BUT it was amazing. The boiled shrimps are so flavorful . So fresh , sweet , chewy and juicy. The fried oysters came with small size and we chose jambalaya. It was also fantastic. We definitely will come back for boiled crabs and moreGreat Catering experience.
I needed last minute catering for Christmas dinner. 
Nick completely hooked me up.
Food was great! I gave him my party count my budget and left the details to Nick.
I immediately knew I could trust this guy and I was right the food was great, super easy transaction.  Thank you New Orleans and Yelp for Clesi's.Did a search for best crawfish in NOLA and the local paper did a best of less than a year old and hands down this was #1 so we had to try it. 
Long story short, the advice was spot on. Just right balance of spice in the boil, good sizes, and delicious potato and sausage add ons. The corn was good too, but boy it holds those spices-be sure you have a great drink from the bar to wash it down. 
We had a great time, and if you enjoy great food you'll like it too!My knows that I love supporting (hole in the wall) mom and pops businesses. Trust me when I say this though, I'm in no way bias when leaving this 5 star review for this restaurant. Their food was good. Their service was even better and I love the originality and the presence of their restaurant. Oh boy to do they a lot of good! I love getting my monies worth and I sure got it baby! If you want a real from those chain and franchise restaurant and want some hometown cooking this is the spot. You won't regret it! Their fried shrimp and fries, BOMB! The server/cashier/hostess was down to earth and cool!Liked their crawfish when on Banks. First time at new location. Tried their tacos and crawfish Rangoon tonight. All were nasty. Tacos were 2 shrimp and 2 pieces of fish. Side of couple sliced radishes, slaw and green salsa. I had amazing tacos at another place for lunch that were 4x the food and deliciousness for a buck more: Rangoons were over cooked. Will sadly not be back.All they food is GOOD. A must try if your in the mood for crawfish, shrimp fish and sum good ole apps!I have been going to Clesi's for a little over four years now and I love their food. James and the whole staff are so sweet. I just went to their new location and it was perfect. I am so happy for y'all, the new space is great and the boil was top notch, per usual!!Clesi's was such a great experience! We are celebrating a birthday in New Orleans. We decided to visit Clesi's after reading so many positive reviews. We couldn't have been happier with our choice. The staff was very friendly, service was great and the food was beyond fantastic! We met the owner James and he was very nice to us. We highly recommend the Debris Fries, catfish and the deep fried bread pudding! We loved every aspect of this restaurant and will return! Thank you for providing us with a great experience!My family and I came out for some crawfish, beers, and food this past Friday. The food deserves a solid 5. Unfortunately the service was so slow, that I have to dock a few stars. It took 20-30 minutes minimum for anything food or drinks to come out - and that's a piece, or for our waiter to come back to our table between rounds. In the amount of time we were there - about 2 hours - we would have easily doubled our food and drink orders. 
If they can fix the slow service, it'd be a great place.We were here a couple of years ago and decided to come back. The craws were cold and the charred oysters were not charred. We ended up waiting 40 minutes for them to start up the grill and grill the oysters. It was NOT worth the Lyft ride there. There was a private party there and it just seemed like they were tending to the party and not any other customer. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to make it here if you're from out of town.Food alone get's them the four stars. Service is lacking...greatly. The servers are nice and courteous but they do not have it together. There seems to be no plan, process, or delineation of duties.
The crawfish, fried catfish, fried chicken sandwich, and burgers are awesome! The fried broccoli is a damn good appetizer also. 
The drinks are hit or miss. Great, average, blah, horrible...it's a crap shoot. I'd recommend water or beer. Can't mess those up.
A few times I tried to call in an order for pick up. One time they never answered so I just went there and ordered and waited. The next time I was able to get through on the phone but my order was missing items when I arrived. The last time I was placed on hold (which is just lying the phone down as I could hear everything going on at and near the bar. So...I stayed on hold for 3 or 4 minutes and began my walk to Clesi's...without hanging up. I arrived there to find the phone sitting behind the bar. So...I ordered without hanging up the phone. I wanted to see if anyone would remember the phone call. No one did; so...I received my food, paid, left, and walked home...still "on hold".
All that and they still get 4 stars! So the food must be great!Delicious! Best fried catfish I've had in ages. Reasonable prices, fun atmosphere, friendly service. Would recommend to anyone.Me & my Son came here on a Sunday evening & the customer service was nonexistent; No one greeted us, acknowledged us or even looked our way so it became pretty obvious that no one would be waiting on us so we left. Very odd vibe given off by what staff we saw, but even who was actually working there wasn't very clear from the customers hanging out.... I very rarely write negative reviews, but this was all so mystifying that we left there miffed, confused & scratching our heads. The Guy boiling in the trailer out front was nice & noticed our dismay as we left but he offered us no solutions... didn't really seem like he had any, anyway.I'd been excited to try clesi's because my guy & I follow the dude around for his crawfish, but I was sorely disappointed. The service was extremely slow, it took 20 mins to even order drinks, then another 15 to get incomplete drinks, then flagged the waiter down to place an order; we'd been there for over an hour when we got our food. We went at 2 and the place was around 4 tables full. 
The food wasn't bad, but I ordered a pound of shrimp boiled and somehow that equated to - at most - 10 shrimp. My friend ordered the same and was also under 10 shrimp. Aaaand the shells stuck.  Those shrimp would only weigh a pound if you included the plate.  The poboys delivered to another table looked overstuffed, but if you're hoping for clesi's classic tasty boil, apparently that's where they've decided to short change the customer here. FOR SHAME.This place is hands down the best New Orleans food experience. 
Service was top notch. 
We literally ordered every item on the menu. Everything was delicious. The catfish poboy, crabs, shrimp, bread pudding. Everything is delicious.Eating outdoor was nice. Environment was nice. Crawfish was ok. It was more on the bland side for me. Jambalaya was not good. Never thought I could go wrong w jambalaya. It was too slimy/mushy and for some reason more on the sour side. I'm use to jambalaya being flavorful and devouring.This is the best crawfish I have ever had! That is saying something considering I am from the Houston and have been to hundreds of crawfish boils throughout my life! Highly recommend!!!We were a party of 8 ppl and got the worst service ever.
Notice 20 percent service charge with big party on the menu. Of course!!! We expected something better, but even worse. 
We took credit card receipts without signing and put any more more tip as it already shown CUSTOM AMOUNT on it. Moreover !!!! We finally got charged $31 tip. Seriously!!!!!!!! How many times you did these shameless things to your customer. 
Please reconsidering to come here.
There is many more better places than here !This is the best crawfish I've had from a restaurant. The only crawfish I've had that was better is made by my Cajun uncle. You wouldn't think so, but crawfish with their cheese fries is a nice pair.Was In town from Texas and was craving crawfish! This place was awesome!! From the delicious, juicy crawfish to the amazing people that work there! Definitely a new favorite place in New Orleans!Popped in here to get some to-go crawfish and was not disappointed. Great flavor, just the right amount of spice. Well done guys!How did this place get voted the "best crawfish"?!?!  it was some of the worst Ive ever had. We had to wait over an hour to get the 10lbs we ordered, and when they finally came, I will admit they were super hot. They were so salty you couldn't taste anything else, the meat was soggy, when you pinched the tail and pulled the meat it fell into mush and broke or fell apart. Ive been cooking and eating crawfish for years, I just wanted to eat some in the Big Easy........not this place, not ever again. we left without eating all the bugs and went looking for fast food. IDK who this place paid to be number 1 on the list, but I wont trust that list again!!!The boiled shrimp was perfect....perfect spice & perfect size.
The roast beef did not disappoint either. Great low key atmosphere, very casual & friendly staff.If u come to Nola this place is a must. Friendly staff .. Amazing crawfish, fresh farmed daily .. even got a tutorial on how to enjoy these little guys .. Highly recommended by locals .. And got get me started on the cheese fries ..My husband and I visited New Orleans with our children last week and we decided to eat dinner here. It was kid friendly however the service that we received was awful. The host was kind and made sure we we're seated. When taking our order the waiter was more concerned with the guest that he had there. While telling my order I kept being interrupted by him communicating with his personal guest making sure that his company got seated. My husband asked for an accommodation of a chicken poboy, the waiter said he would tell the cook when the food can't out it was on a bun and when the waiter saw that it was he said oh they didn't do it, and didn't offer to have it corrected. My husband and I also ordered a side of fries with his meal and I ordered a side of jambalaya. When the food finally arrived both sides were missing and when I brought it to the attention of the waiter he told me that he only had the jambalaya on his order and nevered offered to take the order of my husband's fries. After acknowledging that I still didn't have my jambalaya and I expressed that I no longer wanted if he still didn't not get the side until we requested the check to leave. We had high hopes for this place. We didn't feel comfortable and welcomed here, this was just a bad experience all around!Loooooove everything we got from Clesi's! They have the freshest seafood! If its not fresh, it wont be on the menu. Thats it! The best crew is here too helping you pair your food with a good pint of beer! Cheers!Crawfish straight from the boiling pot to right in your belly. Excellent seasoning and the catfish is equally as good.  Sit outside listen to some live music and enjoy.Fantastic! We've eaten there 3 times during our week long stay in New Orleans. What does that mean? It means their crawfish is one of the best. Their jambalaya is delish,even the catfish is great! 
Nice sitting area outside when it's not raining. Staff is super nice and friendly and will engage in a nice chitchat with you. They don't sell booze,but literally next door on the corner is a bar where you can get your drink to go. So there. 
Overall a great experience!My husband and I came to NOLA for our honeymoon/vacation.  We attempted to visit Clesi's during the friday prior to Mardi Gras and was unable to get there as the roads were closed for parades.  We decided to try again the Friday after and were so glad we did. We shared an amazing boil and sides of jambalaya and gumbo. It was so good. The waitress was attentive and the service was fast.Customer service is awesome! Came here with the fam and enjoyed the jambalaya fries along with their clesi burger. Spot on. Seafood could've been better (more seasoned) but overall, was a good experience.Clesi's Restaurant and Catering 
This is what you would expect in New Orleans as a Crawfish restaurant. 
Looks like you are in a  neighborhood and I  between a couple places is this restaurant. As you walk up the ramp there is a tub of love crawfish, a boiler and a few people cooking the crawfish. 
We ordered 2 orders of Boiled Crawfish,  a one pounder and a two pounder, jambalaya cheese fries, jambalaya,  corn on the cob and sausage. 
The Crawfish came out on a round plastic tray with the corn on the cob and sausage. 
We had a quick lesson on how to pu apart the crawfish. Twist the tail, pull off, optional suck out the juice of the body, tear the front part of tail shell, plnch the end of the tail, either pull or suck out tail meat.
Since we were there in March which is off season, the crawfish were too small to eat any meat from the claws.
Good experience, lots of work for very little reward on Crawfish meat$8 a lb for crawfish. They should be ran out of the city... burger was good but that was about it.
$8 PER POUND..... $8!!! Everywhere else is $2.99-3.99 right now too.We went to the soft opening here. The fried player was awesome. Crispy, not greasy at all. We also had the fries covered in Cheese sausage etc. both dishes were good.The deck outside was nice. 
Customer service was excellent. I like that they are more personable. Our waitress sat down to talk to us and didn't hover over us.The fried catfish was awesome! Fried oysters & fried shrimp were okay, lightly battered which was nice but overall they weren't  our favorite. Crawfish queso was basically velveta with crab boil, but we couldn't find any crawfish in it. Cute & clean atmosphereFirst crawfish boil was a success thanks to this place. Took me about 6 crawfish to get my technique down, but I'm a slow learner. A friendly gentleman approached us early on and dished out some pointers, turns out it was Mr. Clesi himself (also the man stirring the pot). His crawfish were delish, with a strong kick. 20 bones got my girlfriend and I 3 lbs of crawfish, which was enough. I'll admit I was still a bit hungry after, but that means you have room to go out drinking after dinner.this place has the coolest vibe to it, it looks like it's someone's cute pinterest backyard complete with outdoor seating (as well as indoor seating) and cornhole. We ordered 3lbs of crawfish, 8 potato's, 4 corn, and a sausage and our total was less than $40. apparently it has been rated the best crawfish in in NOLA, and honestly it was really good. we've never had crawfish before and our waiter was very helpful and friendly when it came to us trying to figure things out.The best place for boiled seafood in town. The fried catfish is divine! Awesome bartenders and inventive drink. This is the place!The crawfish is AMAZING!!!! And I will definitely make this trip every time I come to New Orleans!I cannot say enough great things about Clesi's! I recently traveled from San Francisco to Nola for a bachelor party and hired Clesi's to cater lunch and crab/shrimp boil at the Airbnb we stayed at. The correspondence via email was also prompt and they worked with me to come up with a complete menu for all the attendees. Two employees arrived at the home on the day of the boil and both were extremely courteous and great to talk to. The food was amazing, which consisted of blue crabs, shrimp, muffaletta, jambalaya, salad, Clesi's potato salad (MUST GET!) and sides of corn and sausage. I would not miss coming here the next time I go to NOLA and if you need catering for an event, you can't go wrong with Clesi's!Heard that this was the place for crawfish. Our uber driver was impressed because it's not a locale known for tourists but rather people in the know. 
Most delicious crawfish ever. Perfectly seasoned. To be honestly I don't usually care for crawfish that much when I'm at a seafood place but these were DELICIOUS. I could have eaten two pounds by myself. 
Prices are CHEAP so this can be a place to pig out!Excellent chargrilled oysters and crawfish..the gumbo was tasteless.  Restaurant should specify what type of gumbo they are serving..the gumbo provided was tasteless chicken, rice, and tasteless water.The best crawfish I've ever had. 
We didn't want crawfish. We didn't order crawfish. But a bit of confusion and we got crawfish. "Let's try 'em" says we. 
OMG. They were really really good. 
The jambalaya was REALLY flavorful. Not too big chunks of meat. Just right. The shrimp skewers were really good too. 
One thing I need to add. The staff was amazing. As we're not locals, we asked Lynn for some guidance on where to go during our visit. She actually wrote on paper where we needed to go and who to ask for...that's not the kind of service one expects. 
GO HERE.Wanted to try some good crawfish & this place did not disappoint!  Loved the people that worked here, so friendly & so chill! The food was great! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu :)Best crawfish is NOLA!!!! I found this place from a good blogger and I am glad we made the trip. It's a little off the beaten path but it is quaint and friendly and the food is limited.Absolutely fantasmic. Came here unexpected searching for crawfish. Left a whole new awoken personFirstly, very tasty food. Jambalaya and fried catfish were on point. This was actually my first restaurant made jambalaya, and I'm glad I got it from here.
Verdict:
Jambalaya : Excellent
Fries Catfish: Very good
Friend Shrimp: Excellent
Normal fries: Tasted just as normal fries should taste.
Secondly, the staffs were very nice. One even went out of his way to write down recommendations for things we can do while we visit.Wow what a disappointment. You'd think given fried food is a staple in Louisiana, you'd at the very least be able to fry some catfish and shrimp. Clesi's proves you can still stay in business in New Orleans, even if you serve terrible food. Frying, separating and selling the shrimp heads? Doesn't make a bit of sense except you're trying to fill up space on the plate. And the catfish, a cheap cut of meat already, Clesi's serves not filets but instead random-cut trimmings and double-dipped in just, depressing. I would've come out better and cheaper with a filet o' fish from the gas station. It was so bad, I pitched half my plate, and that's big because my jiggling thighs know I like fried food.It was so good we had to go back a second time!! The people who work there are so nice and friendly and you simply can't beat the food! I had the crawfish once and the shrimp po boy and both were awesome!Sunday doesn't seem to be the most fun day to get crawfish here.  I've never had so many uneatable mudbugs anywhere in my life as I received in my serving here and I soon learned why.  It seems they had boiled a huge amount the day before and they were mixing in the old crawfish with the fresh crawfish which unfortunately had the effect of overcooking the older crawfish making it mushy and inedible.  I would've been fine with having some of the older crawfish being mixed in with the fresh but they could've just mixed them together AFTER pulling the newbies out of the water and letting them cool down a good bit before combining them and pushing the day olds into an overcooked mush zone.
Friday and Saturday would seem to be a safer bet for the best crawfish here.  I also didn't find the spice overly strong but I like it spicy while I did really miss the fact that they don't use garlic in their boil.  Overall I would probably say you would get a three star or above experience here but my Sunday experience was quite a disappointing batch of crawdaddies as the majority of them were good but far too many of them were bad. Nice folks running the place but for my money I still very much prefer Big Fisherman as my go to spot for consistently awesome boiled crawfish and shrimp (with lots of garlic).The crawfish is decent. Too expensive for how they taste. Potatoes are okay. Sausage is not recommended. No corn either.  Not something I would tell people about or come back for. The service is horrible. Party of 2 waited an hour and a half! We also asked for first available. Hostess seated tables who came after us before seating us.Went there the first time. Did not have the opportunity to stay long. Super friendly staff! Just ordered appetizers. Came out timely and hot. Good price point. Can't speak highly enough of how friendly the staff was.Great food! Loved the Crawfish Croquettes! Friendly staff! Great atmosphere! Offers indoor/outdoor seating. Oh yea... strawberry shortcakeA local recommended this place to us. We were excited to give it a try because of the locals go there then it must be good. However, we were disappointed with the crawfish.  It didn't taste like fresh live crawfish. Maybe we had a bad batch?Clesi's Crawfish offers crawfish and seafood dishes, a live band in the outdoor patio area and a small art gallery upstairs. The service is friendly, the food varied greatly and the music was great!
We arrived for dinner to try some of Clesi's crawfish. They had great reviews and we were looking forward to trying locally cooked crawfish. Unfortunately they ran out.
We ordered half and half (fried catfish and fried shrimps), shrimp and grits and chicken and sausage gumbo. The fried catfish was crunchy and simply fried. It was good. 
The fried shrimps were great! The shrimps had the head left on, they were battered and so crispy, you could eat the whole shrimp if you wanted (head to tail). The shrimp was fresh and not frozen, and you could taste the springiness in the body. This was the best bite.
The shrimp and grits were ok. The shrimp was good (well flavored, not overcooked) But the grits cooked down to a gummy-cake and cut into wedges and deep fried. 
The chicken and sausage gumbo was so over salted it was inedible. Four of us had a bite and could not finish it. It was terrible. When a waiter came by to bus our dishes and asked us if the everything was ok, I told him the gumbo was over salted. He nodded and said he would let the chef know.
Tip: Don't order the gumbo.
Protip: Sit outside and listen to the band. The girls that were playing there that night were from the Jazz Fest. They came from Cali and had a mellow sound, like Lucius. They were sweet, charming and a beautiful sound. 
Protip: Bring bug spray. If you sit outside, you don't want to feed the mosquitoes.
instagram.com/snackchatnycThis was my first crawfish boil experience and it was absolutely delicious! $5/lb and you could add on sausage, potatoes, and corn. 
I loved the location and atmosphere of Clesi's..nestled near the corner of banks street within mid city. Great neighborhood vibe. The crawfish were being boiled outside and you could sit inside or outside on some picnic tables. The staff was also lovely and helpful as it was my first time peeling crawfish..
Can't wait to be back!The crawfish here are insane!! 10/10 recommend getting them and going here. The atmosphere is so lovely to be in and enjoy the great weather in Mid-City. There is one issue though. There other food is not that great. For example, I wish the debris fries had gravy and the cheese needed to be melted more. Also, a lot of New Orleans people do not like tomato based jambalaya. It was dry and I only had one bite. I say focus less on the crawfish and figure out what y'all are going to do after the season ends!This is my favorite place to eat in NOLA! Casual fun and the food is great. Crabs, catfish, shrimp all cooked perfectly. I ate there twice during my last long weekend visit. Can't wait to go back during crawfish season.  Simple foods prepared perfectly.This place is awesome.  Great ambiance and service  Tried the crawfish Rangoon, just wow! 
So,  we ordered the crawfish, crabs and  shrimp.  So so disappointed with the crawfish.  The bartender was great and made a sauce for us. I never had to dio my crawfish before.  Love blue crabs but they were undercooked.
Now the shrimps were good.  
Sausage was undercooked. 
I hate complaining,  we ate what we could  
I love this place atmosphere and want to come back and will.  Maybe it was a bad day....We didn't plan on going here, but after we did, we went back again the next day!
My Bride & I were in New Orleans for holiday and we wanted to go to Bevi Seafood as we had heard great things about it.  When we arrived they were closed for a 16year old birthday party!!  (Must be good if the teens are going there for Birthdays!)  Bummed and a bit hangry I was intent on just "finding another place close by".  My partner decided to push her way in and ask for a recommendation.  They were more than happy to suggest Clesi's (some of the guests at the party even offered her a "bite" before she left!  Oh! Man these southerners are crazy nice!
Ok, ok, now for Clesi's: A good southern woman can take down 5lbs of Crawfish no problem!  at least that's what we were told....I think it is because these folks make them so good, one just cannot stop eating them!
This place is down & dirty and downright awesome!  We ordered 5lbs between us, some corn, potato and sausage, Fried Pickles and Jambalaya Cheese Fries.  To top that off while we were waiting we walked next door and grabbed a few beers from Banks Street Bar & Grill and sat our our table on the sidewalk waiting for our dinner.
So good, I said it when I started "we went back the NEXT DAY"!  I cannot say enough Clesi's does it right.Pretty good crawfish. Lots of big ones and nice and and juicy. Not too spicy. I have only had them at second line brewery and as take out. I haven't eating at there location yet but I'm looking forward to it as their menu includes some yummy sounding classic  and remixed Nola specialities. 
I also love the butter sauce. It's for the potatoes and corn but is great to dip the crawfish in. #nextlevelAmazing food and amazing service!!!
Loved the outside seating and the crawfish 
Were delish.
Can't wait to visit again when I'm in town.Hands down best place to get crawfish to go. I went with some locals and the staff at Clesi's was great. Not only did they provide us with our order within 10 minutes but they gave us a roll of paper towels as well. Clesi's is the spot to be.Most people come here for the crawfish. I'm not a big seafood guy but my mrs is and when in Orleans, you have to try the seafood. 
The crawfish in NOLA sell out quickly so we were lucky to get a pound. We also got the jambalaya cheese fries since I was over the seafood at that point. Recommendations, come early or beware of not getting the crawfish. 
The cheese fries were pretty good but had so much cheese on it. When I did get the fries, rice and sausage in one bite I was pretty happy. I liked the spiciness and freshness of the crawfish but the mrs mentioned that the bottom crawfish were really spicy cause they were swimming in the seasoning. Watch out when you get to the bottom. Other food options were pretty good too so if they run out of the craw, you're good to go with other options.The crawfish was amazing. We ordered the Jambalaya Cheese fries and 2lbs of crawfish with corn and potatoes. 
The Jambalaya Cheese fries were soooo good. The fries were topped with jambalaya and cheese but the fries were still crunchy! The crawfish was sweet and a little salty but most importantly, fresh! I am not a huge fan of crawfish but this was good! The corn was also really sweet!We went in to eat after it being recommended by locals and the service was horrible after 10 minutes of being ignored at the bar and everyone around us being helped we walked out. Sure hates this because I had my heart set on the crawfishWe came here twice on our 5 day New Orleans eating tour. We specifically came to New Orleans during crawfish season. Clesi's was just what we were hoping for. Hot and fresh boiled, just the right amount of spice. Delicious! We also had the award winning crawfish and gumbo. It was fun to watch the kids hole crawfish process from the deck. Also, because the boiling was all done outside, it didn't have the strong fishy odor that a lot of the restaurants in the French Quarter had. Our only sad comment was that they don't have Dr Pepper.Amazing experience at this restaurant!!! Came right before closing and they were literally cleaning up. We were prepared to leave but they insisted we stay and be served! They treated us like royalty! We were the only people in the restaurant but they served us and treated us special! I will DEFINITELY be back! And the Food was excellent!Love this place! Crawfish season ya'll thanks Ryan thanks Nick! Can't wait to make this a part of my neighborhood regular go to walk to spot! Everything was delicious I never would have thought to put green beans and arugula together in a salad! And yum on the fried bread pudding! Ice cream please :) 
Yeah to happy hour until 6pm 
Love the outside deck and comfortable bar inside. You'll be seeing more of me and my recruits lolGENIUS can only portray the culinary revelation that James Clesi has called Jambalaya fries! 
Upon entering the very homey and welcoming open air atmosphere that cannot be described as anything but New Orleanean, we were greeted by none other than the owner himself, James Clesi. After a brief glimpse of the chalkboard menu, I was confident that anything I ordered would be delicious. Because I had a friend in town who had a hankering for crawfish, my friend and my fianc each ordered crawfish. I don't know how - because the smell was irresistible - but I managed to peel almost all of my friend's crawfish without eating a single one. Damn you high blood pressure and low sodium diet! I will have to go back when crawfish will be the only thing I consume all day with 5 gallons of water. Both my fianc and friend assured me that the crawfish were excellent. If smell is anything to go by, I definitely missed out.
While I ordered the jambalaya fries for myself, I tried my hardest to consume as little of them as possible. They were certainly not low sodium.... But I believe I consumed about half of them. With 3 forks and 3 people, I had to eat pretty fast to surpass my cohorts in consumption rate. Those things were gone almost before they hit the table. When we asked Clesi how he came up with the idea for his jambalaya fries, he told the story more eloquently than I am capable of remembering. What I got out of his story was that they were something he created for himself to eat because he was hungry, of course! Friends and customers asked him
what he was eating, and from then on they were a hit.
Others may eventually catch on to this soon to be foodie phenomenon; however, Clesi's will always remain the home of the ORIGINAL jambalaya fries. YUMHeard that this was the place for crawfish. Our uber driver was impressed because it's not a locale known for tourists but rather people in the know. 
Most delicious crawfish ever. Perfectly seasoned. To be honestly I don't usually care for crawfish that much when I'm at a seafood place but these were DELICIOUS. I could have eaten two pounds by myself. 
Prices are CHEAP so this can be a place to pig out!6 bucks a pound a little too pricey for March. Especially since it's been a great crawfish season..The best crawfish we've ever had in the City. We are self proclaimed crawfish critics with the highest of standards for flavor and additions to the boil. The crawfish exceeded all of our expectations, the corn and artichokes were perfectly done and the drinks were on point too!
Even though this is close to the end of the season, the boiler seems to know the trick to combatting the hard dry crawfish that are common for this time.
They were huge, juicy, seasoned to perfection. Batches in batches kept on coming!Service was great! AC was an issue;  it sure if it was not working or what inside. Not a huge deal. Crawfish and raw oyster were awesome. Both were large and really tasty!The food was definitely much better than the customer service I received. I had the fried catfish with fries which was very delicious. I ordered my food to go with the bartender who wasn't very friendly. I think her name was Ollie or something similar. Back to the food. It was well seasoned and cooked to perfection. Just make sure to ask for plasticware and condiments if you order to go. I had to ask the food runner to go back and get these for me. All he handed me was the food and expected me to leave with that. Even though the food was amazingly good I doubt I would return back.There hamburger with crawfish Mac and cheese was wonderful. I did ask if they could put it on French bread and they said sure but when it came out it was on a burger bun. A little disappointment but the sandwich was excellent. I also ordered French fries and they were very good.  Just wish they were a little more crispy but I understand everyone is different. 
Finally, when first seated my chair sunk into the ground throwing me to the ground. The staff was very attentive and after I was able to get up I noticed the leg of the chair was bent in. I moved to another seating spot and was fine.  I mentioned to one of the servers the chair leg was bent and they finally removed the chair. 
I'm ok, just sore because I had to break my fall and figure out how to get up cause I was trapped in the chair. I'm older so I move cautiously.The gumbo and crawfish were great.  Service was terrible, either not enough servers or lack of training.  I'll try again but don't usually go past two tries.Some of the best crawfish I've eaten. And the sides are pretty good, too! I usually get this to go but decided to dine at the restaurant this time. The outdoor courtyard/seating area is cute and the service is good, even on a busy night.Amazing!
Amazing staff and great food. Went here while in town for the night and were super impressed. Very low key look from the outside, but the food was outstanding. 
We had gumbo, catfish and of course the crawfish. We were lucky enough to be there the first night of the crawfish season. Gumbo was good, but the catfish and crawfish were outstanding. 
I'd go back in a heart beat and dream about that day ever since. 
If you're from out of town, this is the place to come for a great dinner.BEST JAMBALAYA EVER
love the food here!! I was blown away when I first went to Clesi's. Amazing food and service is always great!This place is amazing.  I love their oysters.  Also, had their crawfish which is to die for.  I would tell anyone visiting to make the drive.  This place is worth it.Fantastic. Right when I landed in the 504 I dropped my bags in mid city and went in hunt for dinner. Clesi's did not disappoint. The service was amazing and I believe every single member of the staff checked in on us. Rella, our waitress, was super attentive thoughtful and sweet. She even introduced us to one of the owners. We had 2lbs of crawfish with all the fixins (potatoes, sausage & corn), we also had the jambalaya fries (a staff favorite and I can see why) and finished with the bread pudding. They all had suggestions for other stops in New Orleans and made us feel at home.So delicious. Went here with friends and got crawfish, a seafood platter, and some side dishes-- everything was tasty. We especially enjoyed the potato salad made with potatoes from the crawfish boil. Fantastic customer service and a pleasant patio-style vibe.I've been here plenty of times and the food is pretty decent. I especially love their tacos and they have a really good taco Tuesday special ($2 oyster, shrimp, catfish or veggie tacos). Unfortunately today, they did not live up to the standard I'm accustomed too. I ordered three shrimp tacos, one veggie, one catfish and a side of fries but my shrimp was RAW!!!!!. What really blew my mind was the fact that the waiter tried to justify that  was how they were supposed to look since they were grilled. I get it, mistakes happen but CMON! Like I mentioned before, any other visit I've had was decent, maybe they just had a off day idk but I was definitely VERY disappointed!I stumbled across Clesi's here on Yelp. We were looking for a non-touristy spot to get some crawfish. We ordered 1lb of those, a shrimp basket, & jambalaya. Also, we grabbed a couple draft beers from the bar next door. The food was on point, non-pretentious atmosphere, chill vibe. I don't have any complaints, only a suggestion that maybe they get a couple high chairs; we have two small kids and I had to hold my nine month old who was trying to grab my beer the whole time I ate. Haha. Other than that, what can I say? It was great!For our first spot in New Orleans, we couldn't have picked a better place. The Paulatini was delicious, fruity and refreshing. Vesna (sorry if that's spelled wrong) was amazing, recommended the perfect meal for us. We ordered the shrimp boil and boudin, our first time trying boudin, and absolutely loved it. The shrimp were huge and perfectly boiled. The corn and potato tasted great, there was a lot of heat but not crazy amounts. We loved it and really hope to be back for crawfish season one day! Vesna made our first dinner here so great, all in all we loved the experience.We really wanted to like this place because the people of the place were charming and the waiter was, too. 
Fried shrimp were actually nearly prawn size, fried with the heads attached. I personally don't like shrimp fat on the separated tail or eating shrimp that hasn't been deveined. I am a Louisiana native and more than competent professional and private chef, and had never seen shrimp except for BBQ shrimp, served this way. The fried oysters were great. But frozen crinkle-cut French fries? The price wasn't ar a frozen fries level. The sauces are served in tiny plastic dishes in tiny little amounts. The roumelade or tartar sauce   was bland and uninteresting, so the amount proved to be unimportant. 
My sweetheart ordered boiled shrimp ... also served heads-on. I took off ALL the heads before she could even look at them (the waiter remarked they had the longest whiskers of any shrimp he could remember). The corn and boiled potato were obviously precooked and dropped in for reheating in the shrimp pot; the corn was tough and chewy, more like hominy in texture, and the potato wasn't actually steaming hot... the place is set up for big outdoors crowds, but it was cold and rainy, so we ate inside at what appeared to be a sports bar. And we were truly very hungry!
The portions of food are satisfactorily generous. I hope they step up their game to butterfly and devein fried and boiled shrimp. And no more frozen French fries.Disclaimer: this 3 is more of a 3.5. 
The hostess that greeted us was super friendly and a warm welcome into the restaurant! The inside dining area is small but because it was chilly outside, we asked to sit inside. They have very few tables inside and you are practically on top of the table next to you. They also have a full bar that can probably fit 10-12 people. Our server was also very friendly. Service overall was great. 
We came solely for crawfish! Other than that their menu is really not that impressive. Nothing really seemed appetizing IMO. We did get the debris fries which kind of were not what I was expecting. With debris that typically means some meat, cheese, and mostly gravy. Their debris fries were 90% meat, no gravy, little amount of cheese. As someone that doesn't really eat meat like that this was totally unappetizing. 
The crawfish were okay. $6.99/lb, very small (it is early season right now), and overall didn't have that much flavor. a bit of a disappointment, but everyone raves about the crawfish here so maybe I'll try again. Also - add ons for the crawfish: $2 sausage, $1 garlic, $1 corn, $.25 potato.Love their new location inside of TREO. Didn't take long for our food to come out & it was so fresh.Severely overcooked oysters. Like charred shells and very small oyster meat because of cooking too long - and you're paying $15-18 for only half a dozen. Salty crawfish. Bland potatoes. Mushy garlic. Only good thing was the service and beerI don't know Why 's this place get a 4 Stars . I would give 1 star if I can, Food was ok but we've got the worst Service ever. They add 20% service charge and We were ok for that. The Server was unprofessional, the server never took care of us no share plate , no napkin , no water.
If you wanna come to this restaurant figure out before come here .I was somewhat disappointed in my experience.  Nothing that I was on the menu i saw online was available.  No wings, no crawfish which was expected no anything.  The food i ordered was somewhat disappointing, the potato salad wasn't as spicy as i thought it would be but it was tasty, the shrimp and grits cake was unique but it was a preference thing so I wasn't satisfied.  The best thing on the menu surprisingly the chicken liver sliders, they were very flavorful and the presentation was good I just wish it was more than 2.  Overall i guess I'll return when it's crawfish season and reevaluate this reviewThe food here was great, but I had to give 3 stars due to service. While the staff was friendly, the service was super slow and the restaurant wasn't crowded. It took 20 minutes to get a drink refill and our appetizers came out way after our entrees. The spinach and artichoke dip was delicious, but it was cold when it arrived to the table. The happy hour deal was great though! 50% off apps and $3 for a dozen oysters (T-F 4pm-6pm). We sat outside on the porch and it was so nice!The reviews don't lie! A true gem in NOLA for crawfish! We went during the week around 3pm and were seated indoors right away and surprisingly the service was a little slow but the crawfish definitely made up for it! They have shaded picnic benches outside plus a hand washing station.  If you haven't been here yet, please go... you won't regret it!There's a little something about the specific blend of boil they used that left an unusual taste in my mouth that tasted weird. Not bad. Not great. But unusual. I only got it here and there sometimes. However, I very much enjoyed this. It's a good portion that doesn't get you full, but is enough to satisfy your cravings - 2.5lbs for $14.50 (I'm pretty sure that's correct). A little on the pricey side, but who cares. It's crawfish. You're gonna buy it anyway. And we always have to take advantage of the season. Oh, yea, and it does come with potatoes, corn and sausage. 
They do have indoor and outdoor seating, which is nice. On a pretty day, come grab some crawfish here!.My husband and I went while visiting here in New Orleans. This is a "sister" location I guess. The ambience is really cool. Drinks were good. We ordered jambalaya and shrimp. I can't lie, the jambalaya was cool, like it had been cooked earlier and unevenly warmed in the microwave. But the shrimp, the shrimp was freshly fried, perfectly seasoned and was just awesome. The bartender was great. I would recommend for a quick bite.This place is Amazing! Family owned and operated! Traveled from Austin to New Orleans and had the pleasure of meeting this family! The whole staff was  super friendly and could tell they we're happy all happy. Would love to bring this business to Austin!Paula H. 
I have traveled numerous cities with my career and it's always the restaurants like Clesi's that will leave you impressed and wanting to return. The casual atmosphere, great food and spirits never disappoint! Best thin, crispy fried catfish, debris fries and fish tacos (with just the right add-Ins).. there's something for everyone! You can sit outside and enjoy the weather or inside to catch a sports event at the bar!!! #TacoTuesdayrocksWow James had a loser on this night. Gone are the homely feel and great baskets of seafood, they have been replaced by porcelain, over priced platters with 4 shrimp and minuscule pieces of fish. In fact the fish as posted was so small it looked like bait at $15.95. The catfish pieces have really reduced in size as well and especially the quantity but was has increased is the price. The last time I was here I was also underwhelmed by the crawfish and offended the fact they were served in a porcelain bowl. My friend Ron. F., a vegetarian was also let down by what was once hot and spice veggies like the corn but event that has been reduced to no spice at all. At $7 a pound it the crawfish better be great every time. I had the jambalaya where the rice wasn't all the way cooked, the famous marinated fish had no flavor as well. I write this as a hope that James will address these points as he soon moves to his new place.