Ok spot for An inexpensive breakfast, we had a western omelette with hash browns.  It was very greasy, but tasted good.  Not a place for a nice breakfast, just somewhere to grab a bite quickly.  Average.This place is great - I've stopped in a few times over the years. It's a cozy diner open 24/7.  Comfort food done right!!  We were a group of three in for a very early breakfast. Staff was super friendly, food came quickly and is prepared right in front of you. It's at the far end of Bourbon Street - where things tend to be a little calmer. For me it's a must stop after a long night!!Great Breakfast Spot. Nice to go to the stemless meant that cares about its patrons. James is always attentive and entertaining.Good food.  The staff was great.  The pork chop and waffle was great. A must eat place.Had this been a review for my previous visits (4+ yrs ago), it would have been 5 stars off the charts.  However, the staff working this Labor Day Weekend had lots of attitude, and not in a funny sassy way (more in the we don't give a crap that you're here, enjoy your food, or come back attitude kinda way).  Once we sat down at the bar, on a very quiet Monday lunch at 11am, we watched the cashier/waiter roll silverware and chat with the chef for 15 minutes before even acknowledging us.  The burger had to be sent back b/c the fried egg came out raw (as in translucent clear runny.....not even close to being over easy).....while the waiter looked at the runny burger in disgust, the chef gave attitude that he had to be bothered to cook another burger, no mention of an apology. If you remember the days of Big Earl working this joint, you may be disappointed if you're expecting the same atmosphere, service and quality of food.  There's plenty of places to eat in the Quarter, I prefer to spend my $$ where I don't feel like I'm a nuisance to the staff who act like they would rather be doing anything else but making you feel welcome.Do you know what I want with my grilled cheese sammy?  I want dancing.  Lots of dancing.  AND disco music.  God bless the Clover Grill!
Stopped in for a quick bite after a couple afternoon cocktails at Lafitte's.  My two gal pals and I squeezed into the only three available bar stools (right in between creepy young dude and creepy old dude - yikes).  It was a few minutes before we were acknowledged, but our sassy waiter took our order promptly and brought out a round of much needed waters.
The food was tasty, and it hit the spot.  My grilled cheese was cooked perfectly and the fries my girlfriends ordered were heavily salted and crisp.  I saw them come out of a SYSCO bag, but I do not care.  Same with all the burgers we watched them cook - frozen patties right out of a SYSCO box.  Who cares?  You don't really come here for the freshest of food anyway.  You come for a quick bite to soak up the liquor - and you come for the dancing!  The short order cook in front of us danced and sang the whole time we were there.  Cook #2 was very Lafayette style (for those of you who watch True Blood) and he danced and sang as well.  Dinner AND a show folks.  Service was a bit slow, but I will definitely be back.  I'd really like to check this place out around 3am.  I bet there's even more dancing then!
Oh - and another favorite thing  about this place.  The hot dog on the menu is listed as " a quarter pound of all beef pleasure".  Below that it says "select members of the staff available for private parties".  Even the menu is sassy...The World's Best Burger. Said so on the outside of it so after partying at La Fritte and having a damn good Friday night on Bourbon, we had to check it out. I'm gonna break it down like this - 
Damn good burger.
Damn poor service.
Our waitress was totally put out by our group of five and made sure to let us know about it. I think she was the only one working, but ma'am, it's Friday night on Bourbon: you're gonna be busy, and we weren't even stupid drunk! Maybe a little drunk, but definitely not stupid drunk. I think. Yeah. Yep.
I wanted bacon on my burger and I didn't get it. However, I didn't get charged for it so that was fine. However, the pile of bacon near the grill looked wonderful and I wanted to reach over the counter and steal the plate regardless of how long it had been sitting out. 
Again, damn good burger, damn poor service. I'd hit this place on any other night than Friday, Saturday or Sunday.When you're drunk and need eggs (which let's face it, everybody in that area is drunk and needs eggs), this is the spot. Seeing a proper diner down there was like an oasis to my greasy New Jersey eyes.In the center of the French quarter you will find this greasy spoon/diner.   There is not much space here so we grabbed a seat at the bar and were handed one of the two menus that were being passed around amongst the diners. I opted for breakfast, sausage gravy and biscuits with hash browns and my wife had a grilled cheese and onion rings. The food was tasty enough and pretty cheap.  One tip I would give is to not look around too much or you will see how dirty this place is. The food prep area really needs a good cleaning, but it is a greasy spoon so it is what it is. There is no rhyme or reason as to how people get served and I saw a few people walk out after being tired of waiting. For being so small it took quite a while to pay, they seemed very short handed.best late night eats.  cook poured melted butter on my waffle before serving.  No need for syrupVery small with rude and inattentive waiters. Waiter took our orders and finally after about 45 minutes dropped a plate of overcooked fries on the table and muttered something about the food delay. When the food arrived the order wasn't correct and anything fried was either overdone or underdone. The BLT arrived without any T and when asked we were told they were coming. The waiter never came back but we did hear him tell another table they were out of tomatoes. Burger was nothing special and the tater tots were a mess - not worth the trip. Even when plastered I would avoid the place. There are other places to go to sober up.Food ok! Service is terrible! Not too sure what the fanfare is all about! Guy in his underwear serving food! Cook on the grill using his dirty hands to put food together! Sticking order tix right on the food!  Omg!! Party of 2 we were! Waited considerable amount of time for second burger to arrive to us!! Food all over the floor!! Staff could care less! All had void of personality!!  And we waited online for average burgers!! Please go at your own risk!!DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME, OR MONEY - I went to Clover Grill a few times (before Katrina), and I really liked it. But, when we went there recently (May 2011) it was horrible. There were no locals, as there always were before. The only thing keeping this rat trap open are the tourists who don't know any better. Cooking conditions are filthy. I'm sure there are very few repeat customers. The Clover says "...home of the best breakfast and burgers on Bourbon Street...". Well, that ain't sayin' much. I had the burger. It was a bit pricey for a frozen pre-formed pattie-out-of-a-box - the ones with all the holes in 'em. They didn't even cook it the way I told 'em - came to me well done when I ordered medium. Wasn't a good burger. As for breakfast, the chicken fried steak was tiny (and pricey), and came out of a vac-pak bag. Denny's is better! Wow! We watched all the cooking, as we were sitting at the counter - almost every single thing in the place is pre-made/processed. Even the hashbrowns were out of a Sysco carton. As for the grits - they were okay (if it were just grits alone, with nothing added), considering the small portion for the high price, AND, instead of using butter, they were served covered in margarine, as was the toast. Can you believe that?! Tasted like movie fake-buttered popcorn. To top it all off the service was atrocious, quite rude. We got the feeling were supposed to feel lucky to be there. I won't go there again, and recommend nobody else does, either.OMG! They are not lying worlds best burger! This thing is a huge ball of perfectly seasoned meat man handled and thrown carelessly on a flattop, given a moment to sear and then flattened to a party with precise perfection with a hand trowel! This party melts in your mouth with a flavor that can not be beat! Can't wait to come back to NOLA for the burger! Too bad we waited til our last NOLA meal to try it out, we probably would have eaten here everyday! Greasy spoon, dirty floor, reasonable prices keep it up clover grill I'm coming back! Don't change a thingLate night eating there is good!  Had a great burger and fries, and took home great biscuit and gravy!I would give no stars if I could. If you want people to laugh at after a night out then you'll get that but the food is crap!Basic, inexpensive diner food. It's quite good if you keep your expectations at 'reasonable'. That being said, I would go here again. 
I went here in the morning while all the drunkards were passed out. It was very relaxing.I spent most the early 90's eating here at least once a week. The food is typical greasy spoon diner, but it is really good. I introduced new friends to the Clover Grill this weekend and one commented that it was probably the best burger that he has ever eating in his life. I had the chicken fried steak sandwich and was in love with Clover Grill all over again. It can be tricky to get a table, because they are always packed. However, wait around and see what this great little dive has to offer.The best of the 'gay' cuisine. Better than average diner grub and, if Miss Earl is working, the best floor show in town.Someone said this is a must-see on bourbon street...I don't think so.  Too crowded, nothing special on the menu, we ended up leaving to find something more worth spending a bit of our NOLA vacation on!!!Clover is the sister (heh) of another French Quarter diner that's not overtly homosexual, and slightly more amusing.  If you play the right songs on the juke you might get a floor show.  Get a chocolate shake with banana and egg.  Good for leveling off the alcohol in your stomach.  Great burgers cooked under old hubcaps.I'd like to tell you something good about this place, so let me tell you it's in the lovely French Quarter.
I'd like to tell you something about the food. We never got any.
I'd like to tell you about the service. Despite sitting at the counter, right next to the cash register, we were told they'd be right with us... then ignored for 20 minutes before we walked out.
Good luck.I have never been to Clover grill in the day but some friends of mine were interested in getting eggs. We went over I ordered the club sandwich while they ordered the egg dishes. The egg dishes were bad as the eggs were filled with grease, really bad grease. My club sandwich was good but with no side item very expensive. This place is only good in the early hours in the morning when nothing else is available other than that the Clover is off my list.nPeople that work here are racist and wouldn't let me and my black friend eat here. Do not support this restaurant.Great location & cheap, below avg service. Highly recommend omelet (sooo fluffy) & waffle ;opMy wife and I ate here on a trip to New Orleans.  We both had cheeseburgers and they were great.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good greasy diner cheeseburger.Loved this place!  Very family friendly. Super fun and friendly staff!  Recommend for families with kids. Food was great and very reasonably priced!!  We will visit again when we are back in NOLA!Came here on a Friday afternoon It wasn't too crowded. I ordered a waffle. It was so delicious. The staff was friendly and attentive. The prices were extremely good if you're on a budget. I would definitely come back again when I visit New Orleans.Great food!
Tater tots, waffles, hash browns were wonderful.
Not healthy, but wonderful.
The staff is a bit pretentious and they kept running 
out of grits, and they were wonderful grits,
no excuseTheir omelette is fluffy, airy and light, the best I have tried, and I am quite picky when it comes to omelettes. 
The burger was good, better than 5 Guys.
However, they do use lots of grease in their cooking so goodbye skinny jeans. 
I came here around 6 in the morning and our food took a while even though there were only three tables being served, not including mine.Possibly the best deal in New Orleans! Burgers are no frills but the wait staff is friendly and the food is fresh. This is a gem as far as I am concerned. You get your money's worth but add ons can jack up the bill. Classic!!!Perfect comfort diner food that really didn't leave me wanting anything else.  It completely satisfied every desire and need I had for that food, and no, I wasn't even tipsy.  Best waffle of my life, best biscuits and gravy, fluffiest omelet that somehow was super tasty with only onion and tomato in it. And of course, perfect buttered toast. 
The service was good, but we also were not there at peak drunk person hour--although there was a guy completely wasted at the bar, and a kind elderly gay couple next to us just smiled at us and told us to ignore him.  
Definitely not a family diner, but somewhere great for before or after a night of enjoyment. 
Also, they had two options for gravy: sausage and plain.  Where can you get plain gravy in the south!?!? I was stunned and way more than pleased.  As a vegetarian, I thought I would never have the chance to try true southern style biscuits and gravy if I were to avoid meat.  Way to be, sirs of Clover Grill.Amazing. One of the best burgers I've ever had! Small little diner but service was great and the food really hit the spot.We had a good time eating here. It's one of the few restaurants in the French Quarter open 24 hours a day. It's on Bourbon Street so it just takes a short walk to get there. We ordered a burger, chicken sandwich, onion rings and fries. It's a small building, dated but has a lot character. The food was delicious, big portions and not rushed. The service was a little slow, and we had to wait in line to get served. But, it's a classic burger place and you'll want more.Good food that's reasonably priced.  The burger was delicious and service was good. Only negatives would be the cleanliness could use some work and the a/c about froze us out.bourbon and dumaine.  you just have to remember that when you're drunk and hungry and all the places you WANTED to eat at are full or closed.
hot dogs, burgers, eggs.  24 hours.  
oh yeah - and tater tots.  don't forget the tater tots.Stopped for breakfast. The omelets are huge. Food is delicious. People are friendly and the prices are reasonable. Humorous menu.One of the most dissatisfied experience I have ever had in a burger place, which is america's most favorite food. I have never been to New Orleans before this weekend, and I was excited, and very happy to be at one of the most visited places in New Orleans, the famously "Bourbon St." My beautiful girlfriend and I had been walking around New Orleans for a couple of hours, she suggest to go to this burger spot which is suppose to be "the world famous." With no hesitation I told her "of course baby let's go." Upon arrival it seemed like a normal place to go, we grab a seat at the bar counter.  I notice that some of the atmosphere is similar to a third world country type of burger place, not very clean and also not well organized on the table arrangement. We grab a sit and immediately after we sit the cook which is right in front of us starts walking back and in a kinda low voice said " I'm tired of looking at people." I give a look to my girlfriend and we are kind of in the wow factor. Okay so I figure he must have a bad day. But unfortunately was I wrong, my girlfriend and I been waiting for a at least 10 minutes and we still yet to have been show any attention and  it was pretty much like we were a fly on the wall.  My girlfriend being proactive attempted to talk to a bar worker that was cleaning the table but in a very rudely he ignored her like she was not there. Then she out loud stated "do we go to the cashier area to order or do they come to us? In a rudely manner the same cook as that I thought was having a bad day interrupted her and stated "we will come to you, this is a restaurant!". Once he made that comment and I saw how  it upset my girlfriend I told her let's go. I have never never never been in a place and been treated like this in my life. Why even try to have a place of public business if you don't care about the customers. It is highly recommended that the workers have some serious attitude restaurant (bar crew/cooks), in order to have a better experience.
In Spanish
Una de las Experiencias Más insatisfechos Que él Teñido en Un lugar de hamburguesas, Qué es el alimento favorito de la Mayoría de américa. Nunca lo habia estado en Nueva Orleans los antes of this fin de semana y yo estaba emocionado y muy feliz de estar ¿es uno de los Lugares Más visitados de Nueva Orleans, El Famoso "Bourbon st". Mi novia y yo par un HEMOS estado caminando Alrededor of this Nueva Orleans Durante de horas, mi hermosa novia sugieren Que ir un this Lugar de hamburguesas Que Se Supone Que Dębe ser "el mundialmente famoso", el pecado dudarlo le digo, por supuesto, EL Bebé vamos. A su llegada se ve Como un Lugar normal de un Temas en absoluto, nos agarramos Una sentada por el contador de la barra me doy Cuenta de Que algunos de la Atmósfera es el tercer tipo de país de Lugar de hamburguesas, no muy limpio y no muy busque Organizado en el Acuerdo de la mesa. Cogemos Una sentada e inmediatamente después nos sentamos a la cocinera Que está justo en frente de Nosotros empieza a caminar Hacia Atrás y con una voz dijo baja poco: "No me gusta tratar con la gente", me Dará Mucho Que mi novia y somos amables factor de sorpresa, Bueno por lo que me imagino Que Dębe Tener mal día un. Pero, por Desgracia estaba Equivocado, mi novia y yo estaba esperando un al menos 7 minutes y aún todavía no Muestra Sido hemos Ninguna época Atención Prácticamente éramos Como mosca en La Pared, mi novia ha Sido Asistir proactivo para Hablar Con un bar trabajador Que estaba limpiando la mesa, Pero de una manera muy grosera él la Ignora Como Si ella no estaba hay. luego Volvió un Restablecer el Diálogo párrafo con el cajero hablar sobre la forma correcta del pedido de realizar un, but groseramente interrumpido pero el cocinero mismo Con un comentario "Esto Es Un restaurante vamos a venir a Usted para Obtener su fin!". Una Vez Que Hizo Que los comentarios Que molesta Que mi novia y yo le dijo Que vamos. Él Nunca Nunca Nunca estado en Lugar de la un y se han Tratado de Como asi en mi vida, ¿Por Qué Siquiera Tratar de Tener un Lugar de Negocios Públicos si no se preocupan por los Clientes, Haga el favor por favor un a todos y simplemente Pasar fit buen un de actitud seria en El Equipo Tener párr mejor Una experiencia local.The burgers are SO GOOD. Good in the way only burgers can get when cooked on a well seasoned grill. Shout out to Will, who had to put up with a bunch of drunk people both times we went there! And for keeping the photos we left there behind the counter until we were able to make it back.
Tip: be patient and be polite. Will remembers who came in and sat down in the right order, and they will get to you and get your order going as soon as they can. Worth the wait! You don't have to go up to the counter to order, just sit down and bathe in the greasy scents around you while you wait.Great grease burgers small spot.......don't be alarmed the food is good... get the burger with the eggTried twice, didn't even eat there.  Worst customer service ever!  The first night the waiter yelled that they were full (2 empty seats at the bar) and we'd have to wait outside.  Tried again the next morning and the woman who was clearing dishes told the couple in front of us they'd have to wait, she didn't seat people or take orders.  I've never seen such rudeness.Take a chance if you want. This review will not make a difference because of there location but if this was in any other city, it would be shut down by a health district. Egg shells, trash and garbage strewn all over the kitchen(if you want to call it that).Small place but has a cozy, diner feel. Had a burger that tasted really good. Server forgot my fries, and when they arrived, I was surprised how small the order was for $3. The fries at bottom of bowl were really greasy. Friend ordered grilled cheese and it was pretty bad. Greasy cheddar cheese. 
I will try it again for breakfast. I agree with others that it is a better late night place (as it is open 24 hours) after drinking.This is a tiny place with overworked servers. They are on the verge of being rude - like Flo at Mel's Diner with the "Kiss My Grits". The food was okay, but really really greasy and they nickel and dime you for every item. We had a 3 egg omelet with hash browns and toast for $5.99. We added tomatoes and that was 79 cents extra, onions were 79 cents extra, cheese was $1 extra. I can see charging for cheese but onions? Really? That just seems petty. I'd rather they just tell you you're paying $9 for an omelet and let it go. 
We went there again a couple days later for a late night burger.  One bite of that burger made me forget all about the breakfast experience.  Hands down the best burger I have EVER had.  So freakin good.  It was about $10 for a custom dressed up burger and so worth it.
It's a big tourist spot so be prepared to wait.I wanted to like this place when we stepped in and it was a small little diner. The food we ordered was good and everything the guy grilling was making looked good however... the service . We walked in with no acknowledgement at all. We sat at the little bar stool area right next to the waiter and still nothing. We weren't even given menus... so we had to ask the lady next to us to see hers. Eventually the waiter asked for our drinks which all we got was water & it sat on the counter while he complained to the guy cooking about another table. After he just dropped our waters, he didn't even ask if we were ready to order. He went to the back, came back with silverware & started putting that away. We had to tell him that we were ready to order which when we did, he told us to give him a second. Finally, we got our food and when we did, we just asked for to go boxes because we were just over the whole situation. 
Hopefully, if you decide to go you'll get better service.The food? Just ok. I mean, c'mon, it is diner fare. It serves it's purpose, filling you up, absorbing some alcohol, and is unremarkable. But the clientele and the employees, now that is entirely different. You never know what you are going to see when you go here. Anything from goths, to drag queens, to tattooed freaks, and everything in between. It is never boring inside, and that is what keeps bringing me back.Great burger and onion rings ! The meat patty was really thick and tender. The service great!Late night burgers with entertainment.  The food is really quite good, as you get served up in any greasy spoon.  I really like that you can grab a late night burger and fries after a day of debauchery.  There is limited seating inside, so if you are staying in the Quarter, grab your meal and head back to the hotel, or head over to Jackson square just a few blocks away.Out of the maybe 15/16 restaurants we ate at during our week in NOLA, this had to have been my least favorite. Customer service was subpar, maybe because it was midday on St. Patty's, but I was pretty disappointed. To begin with, the cook didn't even wear gloves, and used the same utensils/ cooking areas for all different kinds of foods, which as someone who works in the food industry, is a complete turnoff and health code violation. The food wasn't even good. Burger was big but bland. I think the other reason why people eat here is because it's on Bourbon. Definitely would not recommend!!!I have been there drunk...Amazing....
I have been there sober...not so much.
Got the chicken friend steak and it was tasteless. Service was great, guys were really nice. Grease is caked on everything, but its nice and cold on the inside. 
Will only return when slightly inebriatedThe greasy spoon to end all greasy spoons! This place is the BEST. 24-hour breakfast service and some of the best burgers in town. Finding the washroom was quite an adventure, too. Stopping here will be an enjoyable and memorable part of your trip, as it's popular among both visitors AND the locals.I am not big on red meat but this is a GREAT place for a burger...affordable, quick, nice laid back service.  A must try if you're debating!Great atmosphere! Mediocre food. I loved the service (a bitchy queen in a greasy apron who referred to the regulars as "Bitch!") but thought my 1/2 lb burger (cooked under a hubcab! [Why? Who cares?!]) was a little runny. In fact, I wished there were more burger options for smaller appetites. But the jukebox selection (Abba! Britney!) helped distract from the overpriced (for the execution, not the portion) and limited burger options. That said, I would eat here again for breakfast... or I'd even give another late night burger a try. (Oh, and don't forget to grab a complimentary condom on your way out. Safety first!)what a burger!   nothing special about this place except it cures the burger craving.  friendly staff and great burgers at a reasonable price.A good late night, food stop. Fresh off the grill, diner food. Open menu all the time. Love the "knowby name" regualer atmosphere.Clover Grill has been one of my favorite late night haunts since I was in college and drinking on Bourbon.  The food is consistently greasy diner and yummy and the service is friendly despite the warnings otherwise on the menu.  I've never been disappointed with the food there.  It's cheap yummy goodness and always open, you can't beat that!So, yes. My girlfriends and I were led here by a local when searching for late night eats.  We sat at the counter, and as the other reviews have said - the staff provided less than typical good service.  
If you have a strong stomach for shaggy haired, hungover looking cooks who don't wash their hands and wear dirty aprons - then you'll be ok. The place is...well, a DIRTY, greasy spoon.
I had a burger and fries which was pretty low-brow. Frozen patty thrown on a hot gril. My girlfriends had grilled cheese and tator tots.  Their sandwiches were a bit scary - and soggy because after placing the sandwich under the grill lid, they squirt water all around (assumingly to melt the cheese) but the steam makes the bread a bit moist.
We had to laugh at the snotty waiter-service and the state of the place. It made for a good story later, thats for sure.Came here for a quick bite. We ate at the counter overlooking the cooking area. Our server was attentive. They have a small menu with not a lot of options so I opted for the club. It was really good- I like when they cut a club into 4 quarters. Sides are a la cart. My husband had the burger, which they claim is the "best burger". He wasn't impressed and felt as though the meat wasn't very good.It is disappointing to see this NOLA institution continually to decline. What use to be the best 3 am burger a guy could want is now barely edible even if you are sauced. What hasnt changed is the lively variety of customers. Also the non existent service has remained constant.Best late night goth, greaser punk greasy spoonOMG!! Such a cute little burger house!!! Open, and running 24/7!!!! A good menu, with food cooked right in front of you. You can sit at a table, or the "bar". It's like an old burger "joint". It gets really busy, so you might have to wait for a seat. Worth it!! When on Bourbon St.....and you need a break from shopping, and bar hopping,,,,,try this place!!! Prices are great!! Enjoy!!Breakfast was ok, much like Waffle House. However the place was really dirty on a Sunday morning.  it's a place to get a decent breakfast at a budget-friendly price, but don't over-expect.Been to this place three times with no issues, but the third time was Wack. I wasn't feelin the dude with dreds and glasses who wanted us to sit at any of the four dirty tables with the pile of dirty plates. I pointed out a table and preferred to have the table cleaned prior to sitting at the table. Dude appeared to be persistent on having my party of three sit at the dirty table and did not attempt to clean any of dirty tables. Dude was too rude as he told other customers "I guess they gon stand there." Instead of telling this fool something he already knows about himself "as" we took our business to Cafe Fleur De Lis.There are few places to visit on bourbon street that are actually worth while. I was skeptical to go here just because yelp reviews were low. After a couple drinks we thought let's go try this place.  The service was phenomenal...thank you Joe. Thank you for the recommendations and the hospitality. The food was awesome! It's no New Orleans type food but when you are looking for a diner this place is where it's at. Cheap  (for bourbon street) good, quick food that makes you happy when you leave. Locals seem to enjoy this more than the typical tourists.You have to love the Clover Grill. It's the law. After way too many drinks, or if you're nursing a hangover the next day, this is where you want to be. Wait patiently for your burger, cooked under the hubcap, get in some prime people-watching, then dive into something that will cure what ails ya!Stopped in for breakfast and from the second we walked in we loved this place.  Warm welcome and super cute diner, open 24/7.   Food was amazing even sent us across the street for bloody Mary's!  Don't miss out on this gem.Like many other places in New Orleans, service is the absolute last priority. Guy there is unbelievable an asshole and takes pleasure in being a dick. Wasn't even allowed to order. Food looks horrible, avoid this place if possible.the place is a dump. the staff is rude.
we got accused of leaving without paying when we stepped inside for the first time. Some douchebag that was a waiter said hey you guys left last night without paying I said that's pretty good seeing as how we didn't even arrive in New Orleans until this morning .I was about to call a lawyer seriously on this guy but told him hes lucky i dont or hed be in deep s. flag this place . i hope it gets torn downSmall diner, might be a short wait BUT food and service are great. Had breakfast. Waiter was really nice and busted his butt!I am the kind of person who uncontrollably laughs during situations that are so beyond awful that you literally question yourself, "Is this really happening?". To say the least, I could of died from laughter at Clover Grill. This place was a huge joke. I am shocked at how many good reviews this place receives. Perhaps, the people who leave these good reviews are not sitting at the bar and watching exactly HOW their food is being prepared. There are a countless amount of health violations going on in this place. First of all, NONE of the staff were wearing gloves while preparing the food..the entire time!! The cook that was leaving during a shift change was assigned to tally an inventory before he left for the day. He placed the disgustingly old and tarnished scale directly in front of us and weighed all of the ingredients directly on the scale, without any type of barrier separating the food from the scale. Seriously? Sick! Our food took a ridiculous amount of time because of how backed up they were at the grill. The staff was absolutely hilarious. We heard the cook say, "I can not wait to get the **** out of this place", while he roughly and carelessly threw our frozen patties on the grill, resulting with them flipping up onto the nasty, greasy spotted wall. There were several inappropriate conversations happening right in front of us and curse words being thrown around as if they were in their own home. All of their food was frozen and stripped from plastic baggies. The chili (that is apparently their specialty) tastes exactly like canned chili. The burger that I waited nearly 30-40 minutes for was absolutely doused and dripping with grease. It was sloppily slapped together and was extremely messy to eat. At first, the burger tasted good, but after eating half of it I began to feel sick due to the amount of grease. The tator tots were tasty and crispy, but you could tell they had been cooked in old oil. Also, it is a guarantee that you will smell like greasy, bowling alley food for the remainder of the day. Ultimately, I ended up giving the rest of my burger to a homeless man on Bourbon, and I hope he enjoyed it more than I did.I came here to get fortified on a hot day after a night of drinking (and in preparation of more drinking), and I'm so glad we did, because the rest of the day (in the heat, in the pool, in the sun, into the late night filled with rum) we were fine. My bff had an omelette, I had the grits and the pie. The pie! I had lemon ice box and it was amazing. Next time I'll get the pecan (which had been the plan, since I was missing Camelia's so badly). Our waitress was friendly and the service was fast. I'm excited to come back next year.The service is slow. The cleanliness is questionable. The food is not very good at all. 
We received water and coffee immediately. They took our order shortly afterwards so we assumed that we were halfway through. Then a man walks in with a group of friends and goes behind the counter without washing his hands and starts cooking. There was a dirty towel on the counter used for whipping it down that kept touching food. So gross. Never once did they throw the towel back in sanitizer water. He made sure his friends received there food before anyone else. 
The hamburger, a frozen flavorless patty cannot be brought back to life with a hubcap. It was the worlds worst hamburger. The french fries suck. Don't waste your time or money.This is the perfect spot to stop on your way home after partying on Bourbon St! We enjoyed the chili cheese tater tots and a delicious cheeseburger. The staff is friendly and service is quick. We did smell like a deep fryer when we left, but I guess that's to be expected... We noticed a lot of people ordered the biscuits and gravy. Wish we would've tried that...Let me begin by putting this review into perspective: The Clover Grill is typically not the spot you'd begin your night in by any means- this is a tiny little corner diner you pop into at the end of a long night trolling the Quarter or listening to some great music on Frenchmen. Have I stopped in for a quick breakfast when I was stone cold sober? Sure. I typically keep it simple- eggs, toast and a cup of coffee. It may not be the prettiest place and it's often crazy crowded, with somewhat slower service but it does the job and the people are usually the greatest perk.
*Wish I could give a half star...3.5Good hamburgers cooked under a hubcap and I love the tater tots BUT hate their idea of service (or more accurately, lack of service); it bugs the hell out of me so that giving Clover Grill two stars is being very generous. I've worked in a restaurant growing up - washing dishes, waiting on diners, and working the cash register so making a decent burger is not enough to offset lousy wait staff. 
The problem is that Clover servers in the last few years have ranged from surly to barely-there. It can't be a coincidence that when I visit NOLA once a year, I get bad service no matter what time I go there and it's happened several years in a row so I won't be back because I don't go to New Orleans for drinking and it seems being inebriated is the only way anyone could put up with the crappy service. There seems to be too much drama in the lives of the employees but they should not be bringing their problems into the workplace and taking it out on customers to the point where it feels like they've given up on the notion of customer service.Stupid people serving stupid food...have some class, go anywhere else. This place is filthy, and the employees (when i was there) we rude, obnoxious and at the height of their careers. The food can be okay, but look how dirty the place is...very third world dining.I came in with my friend. I tried some of this delicious breakfast food and even though I wasn't a person ordering here the waiter gave me a napkin after. This showed quality service and attention to customer detail which is the ultimate key to any successful business. I highly recommend this place!!Found Clover Grill when I asked the Breakfast server at my Hotel who had the best Grits. She said " Clover Grill" and I was so happy I asked. We had the regular Bacon & Eggs breakfast the first day and the Eggs were perfect, the Bacon crisp and the grits outstanding! The next day I had Grits and country gravy. HEAVEN. The wait staff was friendly and efficient even teased us a bit. Felt right at home. Wish I had found it sooner and will be back.Cool little corner spot at the end if bourbon street out of the mess.  Diner style with a few tables and a counter seating area.  Two guys working this morning were the most opposite guys possible. Waiter was nice, happy, polite, funny just seeming to be cool with what he was doing. The cook on the other hand was a dick. I mean just grumpy and mad.  Maybe it'd been a long night, his dog died, woman rolled, who knows but whatever he was salty for sure. Hadn't even set my bag down for more than 3 secs and he ordered me to move it to not block a locked door that my seat with me in it was blocking. Whatever don't block the door, that's fine but don't be a douchebag about it early in the morning.  A bit later my buddy asked for some Tabasco other than the hot sauce on the counter. Reasonable question, we are in new Orleans the home of Tabasco.  Cook answered "all we got is whats in your hands" might as well have said no dumbshit stop bothering me.  
Whatever the food was pretty good. Greasy spoon style.  Runny eggs, thick gravy on chicken fried steak and hot hash browns. Nice breakfast.  It ain't winning awards but its not that type place. I got what I expected. Might have been better at 3am. It is open 24/7.Will NEVER go back again! I have been here several times in the past and had a pleasant time. It is what it is, a small diner with some local charm. The food is nothing special. On my last visit, 3/14/2014, I vowed to never return to this place again. After waiting for at least 10 minutes for service, my friend who had never been here before, made the "mistake" of asking a worker behind the grill for service. He shot back in a nasty tone, "he wasn't our server, this isn't fast food"! My friend apologized; the "grill person" didn't. We waited another 10 minutes and still no one took our order. Mind you, it wasn't particularly busy at this point. We decided to get up and leave rather than give this establishment money. The service absolutely sucked. Definitely not worth the wait or the money. Go elsewhere, you'll be glad you passed this "treasure" up.I heart the C-Lover Grille.
Nothing beats a cheeseburger with a side of grits. In fact, I often find myself comparing cheeseburgers I eat to the ones I've had here as a golden standard of sorts.
The food here kills a dumb tourist's hangover like nothing else. As a dumb tourist who drank one of those godawful street-vendor 'hand grenades' myself, I can certainly attest to that.
I have always left this place well fed and happy.Just had breakfast here. 8:30 on a Friday morning. I must admit I went with some trepidation. I had read other reviews about the attitude of the staff, and I was NOT in the mood. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The guys working there were all incredibly nice. We had a discussion about Dionysius and Bacchus. Another customer came in, worried about whether she was parked illegally. One of the guys went out with her to see where she was parked, then told her to have a seat, she was fine.
The food was served quickly. I ordered eggs and toast. It was good; kind of hard to mess that up if you have any cooking experience.
Other reviews talked about how crowded it gets. When I went in there was only one other person. Just before I left two more came in with to-go orders, and two more sat.
So, good service, good food, though nothing special. Nice change of pace from beignets. I'd go back.I thought this was my kind of greasy spoon, but after giving a 2nd chance I won't be going back. You have to coax a smile out of the slow moving duo. Hash browns are plentiful but under cooked both days. No where near as good as a Waffle House. Maybe it is better if you are drunk.The diner is small and cozy. We had a group of 10 and we took up half of the establishment. The server was very sweet and attentive. The cook had a bad attitude - not sure what was going on but he was not happy to serve us. Maybe he was having a bad day - we did not feel welcome.I had noticed this place a few times when I was in town for Decadence last year, but never really cared enough to go for a meal. I, inexplicably, waited until my last night. The place is a bit aged and grimy, from the time I sat down to the time I walked out with my food seemed like forever, and the food, while decent, wasn't necessarily anything amazing. But this place has a certain charm about it that makes me wish I had gone more than once. The servers/cooks were very nice and good at their jobs so that added to the atmosphere a bit more.
With it being so conveniently located by the bars and being open 24/7, I can see myself going more often next time I'm in NOLA. IDK if this will be everyone's cup of tea,  but I'd recommend checking it out at least once. It's inexpensive, the food isn't bad at all, and it'll feel like the best recovery food ever after a long night of partying, drinking and umm...possibly cruising...what more do you really need? If you're choosing to party it up in the quarter, your tastes probably aren't gonna be all that exquisite, anyway. :-)Unfortunately, the last dining experience at Clover Grill was very disappointing. I think they have forgotten that customers come their for good fast greasy food and great friendly service.  Its a cool 'hip' place to go after your drunk but if your sober you realize its not so good.  We sat at the counter this time, so we could see our food being prepared by the short order cook. We waited FOREVER for a few grill cheese sandwiches, a burger, and a club sandwich. It got so bad the waiter had to help cook. All three grill cheese sandwiches were burned on one side.  Just before that, we saw the cook toss two burned grill cheese sandwiches in to the trash but he still burned ours and then served them to us!   One was so inedible, we had the waiter remove it from our bill. The tator tots are my favorite at Clover. However, I noticed a batch of tater tots sitting in the fryer basket when we sat down. So after about 30-45 minutes, these same tots were placed on my plate.  I didnt even get fresh tots! Now that's a crime!   To make things worse, the cook then looked at our ticket and saw that we had another order of tots  so he removed some from my plate so he could place them on my friends plate. So we got old stale tater tots and small portion.  How lazy can you be?   I also could tell you about what I saw when the cook cleaned out the grease tray out from under the grill but I don't want to gross you out. 
Clover Grill please get back to the basics.  Clean up your act, cook great greasy food, and make sure your service is friendly and fast.Omelets and hash browns are so good.  Great greasy spoon diner.  If you are straight,  be prepared for some attitude, but it's all.part of the experience.Oh Clover Grill, how I love you. You big, greasy, gay, delicious hunk of awesome. Their cheeseburger saved my life, seriously. And I wasn't even drunk!
No but really, I like to believe I am a diner food connoisseur and I am telling you this place will become your favorite. They have all the standard American fare, served up with sass and probably blasting disco music. Yeah, it looks kind of sketchy, but that could be said of all of New Orleans. Deal with it, the sketchiness is part of the charm. We like it dirty. Trust me, you will, too.Clover Grill is one of those places that your friend who makes Bourbon Street a habit during their stay always tells you is the best breakfast or hamburger or whatever place in New Orleans. It's not. Don't get me wrong, it's a cool diner that makes a good greasy burger under a hubcap, uses a flattop griddle for everything, and is always full of characters. The best time to come in is after drinking on Bourbon (whatever time), right before you breakdown and buy a damn Lucky Dog. Don't buy a Lucky Dog, dear God please. Go get some tots and a cheeseburger here. Get a plate of eggs and biscuits or my personal favorite, a freaking grilled cheese. Get a milkshake, sit back and enjoy the scenery, and think about how you are sitting in a place from Benjamin Button.That's one delicious omelette.                
But lordy is it buttery.                
Went here for breakfast on Tuesday morning after memorial day and thus the scene was rather sedate, just a couple other tables, our sweet server and a sassy fry cook. The eggs are whizzed up in the milkshake machine and are very fluffy, "just eggs and air"as the cook said. And butter. I had a blue cheese and tomato omelette-the tomatoes were sauteed and slightly charred and added lightness to one of the richest omelets I've ever had. And there was a pool of butter on the grits. I'm not complaining really, mind you, it was delicious, but I was still quite sated come dinner. Sorry, Jacques-Imo.Small whole in the wall cafe with fantastic tasty food! Great wait staff. Just smith was wonderful!  Invent your own burger with yummy tater tots. Fresh, not greasy, light and crunchy!Tiny, greasy spoon on Bourbon Street with a simple, solid menu and friendly service at decent prices.I have not eaten here in 3 years, and it was one of a few places I had to eat at during my recent trip to NOLA. Clover Grill didn't disappoint me. I had breakfast one morning and it was delicious as always. One late evening, I had a hamburger and it was amazing! I can't wait to come back to this place again.I am a cheeseburger LOVER and this was the greatest disappointment of my entire vacation to New Orleans.  That's what I get for trusting the carraige ride lady's recommendation!Excellent greasy spoon diner with a very friendly personable staff. They cover breakfast to dinner type diner meals and if you come hungry you'll leave happy. I had an excellent hub cap cheeseburger here and plan on eating a few hundred more in the future. Also definitely worth noting, they're open 24 hours!Hole in the wall place. Food was decent, I had a club sandwich. The server was nice and attentive. The cook had a bad attitude. He made us feel unwelcome.love this place used to be one of my favorite late night haunts before i got sober in aaLove this little joint. Anytime I can have a cheeseburger that was cooked under a 1971 Ford LTD Hubcap count me in! This is the friendliest place on Bourbon street to get some late night eats, or anytime as a matter of fact, cause it's never closed. Shoestring fries are perfect to soak up those handgrenades from down the block.Small corner grill with just a couple tables.  Excellent biscuits and gravy.  The grits were super buttery and smooth.  Pork chops were nice size and good flavor.Food was great. Eggs were cooked perfectly. Chicken fried steak was delicious. The hash browns were a bit mushy, but tasty. Service was stupid fast and the proprietors were nice. Huge portions. Overall a pretty good place. Not a homerun, but definitely a must try.Clover Grill breakfast and burgers are the best. The food is always consistent and the cooks constantly keep you laughing. I love this place it's open 24hrsLook, I love old diners as much as the next guy.  And I enjoy a bit of hyperbole as well, but when the sign said "best hamburgers in the world", I thought at least they'd be pretty good.
They weren't.  The hamburgers start as frozen blocks of meat that you would see at many fast food joints.  Once prepared, mine was mushy inside and made me slightly queasy.  There was nothing world-class about it.  The tater tots and onion rings were good though, and the only reason we didn't walk away from Clover Grill famished.Happened upon Clover Grill one night exploring Burbon Street. Very small space with limited seating. Place was pretty crowded after midnight and had a steady stream of customers. Ordered waffle & omelette... and bacon. Had to be one of the best omelettes I've had in my life. So perfectly fluffy. Bacon was so sweet & grilled to perfection. Would definitely make this a regular stop when visiting NOLA again. 7/27/18, Open 24 hours.When it comes to diner food it does not get better than this.  They have all the traditional diner fare you would expect cooked fresh and fast.  We have eaten here several times and consider it a tradition when in New Orleans.  Their burgers are great, breakfast is delicious (assuming you like lots of butter on everything), and their waffles are hands down the best.  We have always had the same cook and server and they seem to truly love what they do and embody New Orleans hospitality.  The Clover Grill is just unapologetically honest diner fair served at its best.Clover grill serves up greasy late night plates of disappointment. 
I have sympathy for staff that has to wait on the late night drunk crowd but....  Don't stay open late if you hate your clientele. This place needs to hire at least one friendly person.The breakfast was awesome! They know how to cook over medium eggs!! Crispy bacon, great waffles! Overall, awesomeIn times past, The Clover was never about the quality of the food necessarily but rather its timeliness....its always there when you need it, its always cheap, there is plenty of it and it's great when you are stumbling home from too much fun in the Quarter.
I am happy to say that the food and timeliness are still exactly the same. 
What has changed; however, is the certain "joie de vie" the staff had. They seem nowhere near as happy and sassy as they used to be - almost like being there is a sentence instead of the light hearted fun it once was.
So, while you can still get a Clover Weiner and Tater Tots at 3:30 AM or PM, it just feels a it less fun and a bit more cranky.
Food 2
Decor 2
Service 2
Other where else are you going to get a big helping of grease at 4AM after that 16th Hurricane 5Get drunk on Frenchman St. then head here. Perfect place to eat at the end of a long night of partying. 
Everything is good, hot and cooked to order. The night cook is hilarious and dances around and sings on a good night.
Always have a great time here. Get the tots.We took FOREVER to decide on dinner and saw this place. I remember the recommendation from the HBO series Treme. I really dont like leaving negative reviews because I work in a small business - it's bad karma, but we sat at the bar and could see the guy cooking which at first was like a show. So my husband ordered a chicken salad sandwich and I got a waffle... and we watched the hubcap burger action, all very cool. I really wanted to like this place. Until the cook reached into the premade chicken salad thing barehanded, no glove, clearly no spoon, and hand-scooped the chicken salad onto my husbands sandwich. He didnt say anything, didnt eat his sandwhich and we left. He's a cook, he understands what it's like when your getting slammed and said: "I can understand touching toast, or even greens, but full hand in the chicken salad..I couldn't eat it"Don't come if you're looking for fancy dining but if you want the best breakfast in New Orleans this low budget hole in the wall is the very best. Great food and great service.  I have this on my must-do list for every visit to the quarter.Great little cafe, just down far enough on Bourbon street to not have all the tourists. Great burgers on toasted buns with real cheese, watch out for all the extras though, they will cost you. The club sandwich is huge, and they serve breakfast 24/7. It's a small place and they don't do separate checks for the table, so make sure you have cash. It does accept credit cards, they also own the bar across the street that makes great bloody Mary's.While I'm sure working here isn't the easiest thing in the world, the service usually ranges from cold to lukewarm. I always try to focus more on the fact that the pancakes and burger I'm eating will help me the sober up and relearn how to walk.
I've never had any complaints about the foodgot here early for breakfast 8 am on monday. place was empty. had eggs- swimming in grease. asked for hash browns well done, was told by waiter cook does not take requests. great dive diner atmosphere but food is overpriced. nexttime i will go to the grill on chartres.No frills 24 hour diner on Bourbon St. Perfect afterhours food stop to avoid a hangover the day after. Its not a big place but the service is quick and everything is made to order right in front of your eyes. Sit at one of the 12 stools and friendly servers immediately take your order...as long as you don't mind smelling like a grill when you leave. There are about 4 tables for groups. Ordered Battered Chicken Fried Steak served w/ two eggs, hash browns or grits & toast. Prepared simple, generous portion...yummy!  This normally doesn't happen but forgot to take a pic of my meal cause I ate way too fast...or maybe it was the alcohol?  I dig this place and prices were very reasonable :)Great local diner, fun, classic diner food.While walking around the French Quarter on my first day in the Big Easy I started to get hungry and as fate would have it I stumbled upon this hole in the wall.  
I went in and almost went for the afternoon breakfast but the waiter said that they were known for their burgers so how could I not try one.  And try one I did.  I sat at the counter and watched it being made.  Did not seem like anything special.  Then it came.  Hot, Greasy, Juicy.  Then I took a bite and YUP! It was a great burger.
A nice place in the middle of it all.  Good prices and good people - lots of local flavor.  A nice catch in the middle of many tourist traps!
Enjoy!It's not bad food, but it's not great. Kind of like the waffle house for burgers. But it's open and right on bourbon st.This place is awesome! The staff is a little slow to serve you but it was worth the wait, in my opinion. It's a small little diner towards the end of Bourbon Street and they serve breakfast all day, which is my favorite. Pricing is pretty cheap as well.Always open is the main draw. Also the old school appearance of the place. The employees were just not into doing their jobs on our visit. Tables were piled up with dirty plates and the service was beyond slow and apathetic. The burger was average, but it filled a need we had for food.Typical greasy spoon diner. Small but good atmosphere. The food is a tad expensive for what it is but you are paying for the convenience of stumbling in drunk after a night a partying.Never been disappointed in the food here. I absolutely love the entire menu and they add a little comedy to keep it light.  Super friendly staff and delicious burgers & dogs. Never tried the waffles but everyone raves about them.I'm a burger guy and this burger is hands down the perfect meal. First of all it's a huge burger that you build yourself. I'm traditionalist lettuce, tomato, onion pickle. Best burger I have had in a long while. If you like burgers this is the spot!!!Clover grill is a staple for late night breakfast. This time there I only got to go there once . Used to be open 247 but two nights they closed when I walked up and the third time is was closed because of painting. So next tripService here isn't great but hey its the Quarter.  The burgers on the other hand kick ass.  Simple diner style burger with tons of taste!They need to get over themselves. Is good  late night I'm drunk food, but not great, even at that low bar. But they act like they're doing you a favor, and it takes for effin ever.
I take it back. The for isn't actually good. Full disclosure I'm old.I feel like if you're gonna talk shit about your patrons you should probably work in an establishment that has a back room. The waitress blatantly talked poorly about us three feet away. I was so turned off I wanted to leave but already ordered. Food was fine, maybe I'm just a sour puss but the service really soured my mood.Crispy grilled cheese. BLT w/ tons of mayo dripping out the sides. Banana cream pie -- YUM!  
Perfect post-strip club end-up spot.This is THE place to go after a long night of drinking on Bourban or Frenchmen. When it's dead, you'll get your order within minutes. However, when it's busy, be prepared to wait. They have a small kitchen and usually a lot of drunk, hungry folks. That's ok because while you wait, you can meet some great people and listen to interesting stories.Cheap, good, enthusiastic and friendly service. I went here for both post boozing burgers and breakfast. Both were equally as good. It's not gourmet stuff. It's just solid diner food.Breakfast =Death by butter and grease.  
My wife and I only have 2.5 days to enjoy New Orleans.  Now, thanks selecting Clover Grill, we are back in our hotel room, until this butter induced nausea dissapates.  
I like butter, but my 3 eggs over easy (way overcooked, btw) had pools of butter on them.  I lifted the eggs up sideways in an attempt to drain some of the residual butter off.  My wife's eggs were scrambled,  so the was no extracting any butter ( she is worse off than I). 
The flavor of the gravy portion of the biscuits and gravy is most akin to eating a stick of butter with small pieces of sausage in it.
In addition to the chef's poor culinary skills, he was very slow.  Our server was not at the table long enough for me to get a decent feel for his personality. The primary interaction I had with him (beyond taking the order) was requesting Tabasco and being informed they do not have any.  
The prices on the food were very good, but in this case- you very much get what you paid for. Unless you are someone who would enjoy a stick of deep fried butter, I would strongly advise steering clear of this place. It was bad enough to prompt me to start an account and join Yelp.My original review was 4 star but I recently had a bad experience.  Actually, most of my experiences at this place have been good but this one left a bad taste in my mouth, mainly as it revolved around service, something they are known for.
The single waiter was busy and I tried to take that into account.  However, during my entire meal he only said 3 words to me: "for you sir?"  to take my order.  I realize he wanted to go home and was dealing with a large table, which he was happy to return to often, joke with, and even yell over me and other guests to banter with.
I just ordered a burger and gave him a $1 tip - I really wanted to leave zero, but I honestly felt like maybe he did not realize that he was ignoring me and others to such a degree.  I tried to explain why to him in an easy going manner and he instantly got defensive saying, "I'm sorry that I wasn't more entertaining!"
I do not need to be entertained but I do expect some common courtesy, something he did not want to provide.  The fact that he jumped over me when I tried to talk to him really - well - it p***ed me off.  I felt like leaving no tip but left the buck.  I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt and it bit me in the ass.  
I will check them out again and hopefully this was just a bad moment for this guy.One of the  worst places in the French Quarter. I have given them my late night business a couple of times now and the experience continues to become a sour end to the night. The biggest drawback is not the greasy, overpriced food but the rudest staff in Nola. I hit my final straw last night when waiting to be served for about fifteen minutes. We were talking among friends and another table... End to a good night? Well, the first time the waiter came to our table was not to take our order but to tell us that we either needed to shut up or get out. I guess clover grill does not have to be a part of the service industry when you can take advantage of hungry drunk people.The absolutely most delicious LATE NIGHT burger, chili and grits I've ever had.  Say hi to Robby and get ready for some seriously yummy non-Creole/Cajun grub.This place is perfect for those who just want a good ass meal at a great price. I came here for breakfast, got two eggs over medium, which were the most perfectly over medium eggs ever, sausage, hashbrows AND toast for $7.99! Its not a healthy spot so the food is greasy but that makes it amazing!Stopped in for Breakfast one Friday mid-morning and had the biscuits and gravy with coffee. Rarely have I never needed to add salt or pepper to the gravy, but this time it was perfect- no additional flavor needed. The biscuits were tender and perfect. The coffee good. For $9, including tip, you can't go wrong here.Do not eat here EVER. Worst meal in NOLA. Cheap tasting completely unseasoned burger patty, burger king type buns, plastic no-flavour cheese. And at around $9 a burger. It was like putting lipstick on a mcdonalds pig. Plus the tables and menu were greasy. The worst of all was the waiter, he whinged and bitched non stop about the previous customers not leaving a him a very good tip. Well it wasn't worth a good tip for starters - and I shouldn't have to have my regretfully sub par meal ruined even further listening to his disrespectful comments about another customer. If all ur working for is tips then that's why ur not getting them. Because it's about customer service and urs sucked. All that time u spent whinging you could've been wiping tables and menus, or even checking on ur existing customers to see what they needed - which u didnt do once. If there was less than 1 star this restaurant would get it.3 stars because the food was good, but there was only 1 waiter working and was a bit lost himself. We weren't acknowledged at all the moment we walked in. The cook was very efficient even though his team lacked speed and customer service.Great dinner food! Waitress was super nice, but the guy cooking was mean. He yelled at someone for leaving the door open.Greasy spoon hangover heaven. This place puts Waffle House to shame. Old school diner complete with a corner jukebox. Had the club sandwich as it was recommended to me by a local, it was lights out phenomenal. My friends had a waffle, crisp bacon, and a bacon cheeseburger. Could not stop eating the shoestring fries... Yum yum yum. 
Open 24 hours in the better part of Bourbon Street.I feel I must lead with one overriding fact: this was the greasiest food I have ever tried, bar none... and I've eaten plenty of cheap Chinese in my day! 
I ordered an omelette with onions and mushrooms, with a side of hash browns and a biscuit. This sounds delicious in theory. And to be completely honest I can't say that it was terrible. The taste was fine, and the biscuit was excellent. But those eggs, man! So. Much. Oil. When I pressed on the omelette, a pool of grease would form beneath my finger, I kid you not. It took every napkin at my table to soak up even half of it. Yes, I patted it down; no way was I gonna ingest all that.
I take issue with the prices as well. You can't simply order a veggie omelette for a set price, you must "build your own." The starting price, for plain eggs and two sides is $5.49, which is great, but when you begin to add your mix-ins, it gets pricey. Mushrooms and jalapenos (NOT expensive ingredients btw) are $1.25 each, and onions are 75 cents. Cheese is $1 and if you want meat, it's $1.69. See what I mean? It adds up quick.
This would make serviceable drunk food. When you've had enough liquor, you don't notice the oil content of whatever else you put in your mouth, and they are open 24/7. Good to know if you're ever starving in the Quarter at 3 AM, but I wouldn't recommend them for a regular sober meal--not unless you have exceptional digestive capabilities.Service was quick since we were the only people in the restaurant. We went around 10:30 pm for some late night eats. Love that they are 24/7 & super close to our hotel. Food was satisfactory, portions are just right. You have to order everything pretty much on the side. Kind of felt dirty since it's an old building like everything else in NOLA, but that's not why. Homeless people straggle in & outabove average diner food. the omelet I consumed was good, but it wasn't worth calling home about.
the hours (24), portions (huge) and the prices (cheap) definitely hit the spot.
as for the atmosphere: old school madonna was playing on the jukebox and the television was set to project runway. :)This was a great place! A little hole in the wall, a ways down Bourbon, close to Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop. Limited seating, but the food was really good and it was crazy cheap.We stopped in for breakfast and didn't need to eat for the rest of the day! Staff was really polite, everything cooked to order. Will definitely be going back the next time we're in NOLA.Excellent place to stop by in the wee hours of the night for a drunk snack. Delicious food but do not come here for superb customer service. It's a order fast, eat and out type of place. 
Very fast environment which typically gets very busy at midnight. But again, Delicious good for cheap price.Delicious biscuits and gravy for 10am breakfast. The staff seemed a little slow and disgruntled that time, but that didn't impact the quality of the food or the ambiance. The second time I went it was 1am and everyone was perky.Best handmade burger in town and the prices are reasonable!! They offer lots of diner items like pie, Shakes  & Malts.Amazing food! Get an order of onion rings!!!
The burger and waffles are good too! 
Nice and small little placeBest Cluster of raunchy Queen's ready to cook for you on the griddle. Get it like you want it and be prepared for Drama, entertaining!!!Good greasy spoon diner, opened 24hrs. Small diner atmosphere with 3 man operation...1 cook, 1 waiter, busboy, cashier, deliveryman, and 1 guy in kitchen cleaning. Maybe a wait if busy cuz cook to order. She had mushroom burger & I had bacon cheeseburger with fries. Frozen patties but still very tasty.Honestly, very rude. I left so couldn't tell you much more then I walked in and asked for a menu. They a waiter I guess said people are in front of you. I replied For takeout, his head was going to explode... He said wait there (my guess to die). I left, forget it....Stumbled upon this place after a tour guide recommended it. Food was pretty good, I ordered the chicken fried steak, as that is one of my favorite things to order, BUT the menu's were covered in grease, food, and ketchup. So gross I could barely even hold them, don't like that type of stuff when i'm about to eat. The staff was AWFUL, first off the server had no emotion, and the cook was sooo rude. My boyfriend went to take a picture of the grill as there is a hubcap on it, and the cook moved to the side looking so annoyed and my boyfriend thanked him and he didn't say anything and went about with what he was doing.Great burgers, fast service and the staff is great. Made my friend and I laugh a lot. Cute little diner.One of my must stops when NOLA...It's a true landmark and in my opinion once of the best greasy spoon diner dives in the country...If you're in town you should plan at least one meal here. They're open 24/7...My gf is throwing up right now after eating here.  Food was turrrble.  Everything undercooked and extremely greazy.   I would throw up myself but I'm too tired.Great breakfast, the cook that day was excellent. I can't say t much about the waiter he was yelling across the room and the counters where dirty. He had a weird approach to serving. But we really enjoyed the jute box and breakfast was great.I hate to write a bad review but I've got too say this wasn't that good. I consumed more butter here in 30 minutes than in the previous 5 years of my life combined - and I only ate 1/2 of my breakfast.Great diner food!  Anything I've ever had there has made me head back for more.  If you like diner food, go here!  Last time, I had grill cheese that was traditional ooey and gooey with shoestring fries.  Love it here!  Great for breakfast and all items are available for all meals.  Right in the French quarter, comparable to diner prices, which is becoming more and more challenging when in the French quarter.Loved the atmosphere! Great music, accompanied by a hilarious staff! By far my favorite diner in the French Quarter. One of the best burgers I've ever had! Reasonably priced too!The Clover Grill is a must visit place in New Orleans. I just hate it that we didn't go until our last morning there. It's a small place on Bourbon Street so there may be a wait but it's worth it. It's in the middle of the gay bar section of the French Quarter so be aware of that in case it's not something you are comfortable with. 
The staff is quick witted and it can easily be mistaken for rudeness. I think it's just part of the appeal. 
I recommend the biscuits and gravy or an omelet. They are outstanding!  The hash browns had a great seasoning.
We will definitely return next trip to NOLA.Greasy burgers cooked under a hubcap, awesome fries, thick milkshakes, all served by some of New Orleans most entertaining cooks and waiters. Typical diner fare, but you don't come here for the quality of the food, its the experience. Although the milkshakes are so thick that we got take out once and it as still too thick to suck up the straw even after walking abck to our hotel on St. Ann in 90 degree august heat....I'm going to start off with I DO NOT recommend this place to anybody. I left with warning the customers outside about how horrible the service was. We waited 45 minutes for the "server" to take our order. I had to walk up to him ten minutes after placing our order to even get our coffee while we waited for our food. The cook then served me my omelet, but the cheese was ice cold and not melted, whatsoever. I then pointed it out to him and he told me the eggs cooked faster than the cheese and then refused to acknowledge me after that. I also noticed the excessive amount of cross-contamination at this place. DO NOT go to this place!!! Horrible service, horrible cooks and horrible customer service!!!!Hands down the best burger I've ever had!!!  
Bacon blue chess burger w/ mushrooms (YUM!)Good food at good prices. I had a very good make-your-own omelette, I just wish the hash browns were fresh instead of frozen from a box. The bathroom was a bit dirty so try to relieve yourself elsewhereWe went here because of the reviews about the pork chop. Thin and dry with bland grits swimming in melted butter. NO THANKS. They do make some good burgers. If you want a good, diner style burger, then this is your place.This place is great.  We go here every time we're in New Orleans.   Hamburgers fried under a hubcap!  The service is pretty good for a diner.  The food was amazing.  I had the turkey club this time, last time had the burger.   Both times I w as not disappointed.  It's in the gay section of Boubon street, so come with open mind and enjoy!Nola is one of our favorite cities in the US and I just love love love the Clover Diner...located in the "gayborhood" way down Bourbon, you get delightful colorful characters that work there and the food is just awesome...Ive only gotten the burger and fries every time I go...its a hole in the wall...you will get off the wall comments from the staff and some customers too...its not kid friendly...but an open minded adult will have a blast...i know we do.Greasy. Don't eat here unless you are drunk. Customer service? Mood driven at best. They don't care if you are there because of the volume of unsuspecting tourists going through this poor excuse for a diner.Greasy old diner style breakfast spot, appropriately open 24 hours on Bourbon Street. It's not the cleanest place, my coffee cup handle for example was a little sticky and you'll come out smelling like oil. All that said, they cook everything fresh, right in front of you. The scrambled eggs I had were fluffy and the toast was buttery anns crispy. The coffee also hit the spot...and all that for ~$5. My friend had two sets of eggs, grits, and bacon. He spoke highly of his meal as well.There is something to be said for the inner workings of a small community place with a counter, a couple of tables and a magician on the grill. Clover Grill is no different.  It almost feels like walking into another era, a time before automation and microwaves, pre low fat and gluten free.  This place is basic.  Simple stuff made with effortless grace, and served up with out fancy garnishes, artful swirls, or foams of any sort. In short, it's a paradise.  You want food that reminds you of leisurely weekend breakfasts that warm you from the inside out? Big juicy burgers that are the polar opposite of what's served at your corner drive through? Come here.  Eat well, and leave satisfied. 
I had the daily special. So easy. Two eggs, bacon or sausage, toast, grits or hashbrowns. 6.49!! I'm an egg lover. Those eggs over medium were some of the finest I've ever had.  No gross burnt crispy bits, no dry yolk, just perfect. My grits? The same. Thick,  old school grits. Not jazzed up with fancy cheese, made creamy with whipped cream and mascarpone, just straight up grits cooked with water and served with butter.  I loved every bite of my breakfast and the glorious simplicity that it represents.  Definitely a fan.Went to Clover Grill around 11am before catching a flight back home. Wasn't busy, we were able to get a table out of the (about) 5 they had. This place is a little greasy spoon joint. When I say little... the place is small!  It could use a little updating. But the staff was friendly and food was good. Got a Bacon Cheese Burger and Fries.Whats not to love. The queens cooking the food. The cute little set up or the delicious food u get!!! They are the only 24/7 dinner in the quarter. And they are usually not that packed in the day time. Its a beast at night though!!! Be prepared to wait.Love it.   Never had bad food.  You know it's fresh off the grill... For hells sake you watch it cook!   Staff have always been friendly, perhaps some dry humor.  Its somewhere I go each visit to NOLA for a "fix".Best Burger ever,I stumbled across the clover grill by and accident. My friend and i both wanted burger's that day and this place didn't disappoint. It's a small place with  a few tables to sit at with stools at the counter. It's like an old school burger joint. The decor is nothing fancy but you won't be worried about that once you taste the burger. We both ordered burgers  and onion rings. The burger is season to perfection i had the works. When i tell you that this was the juiciest burger I ever had. The staff was so friendly which alao gave that old school feel. We loved the burgers so much that we had them again for dinner. The awesome thing about this place is that its open 24 hours a day. So after a drunken night you can get a great burger at a great price.The cooks here have turned greasy diner food into an art form. Perfect for late night eats - Cheap, fast, good.Delicious burgers! Cooked under a hubcap! Hand dipped onion rings served extra crunchy and blazing hot. Great service. The greeter and cook were very funny, kind and informative about where to go and what to see. Will visit again!We walked in, finding it hard to get breakfast on Memorial Day at 0900, and not expecting much. While the room was small and sticky, the grease all over the floor behind the counter, we both walked out satisfied both with food and with price. The food was not super greasy and the eggs were just perfect! In addition, the place was full of folks which is a good sign for food places. Since it was Memorial Day, they were setting up a "missing man" or "POW/MIA" table outside, a sight that made me tear up having seen a few of those over the past few years at military events. This place was unexpectedly outstanding and the fact that it's 24 hours can be a definite plus as it most certainly meets a need!ridiculous-my first impression of New orleans was the three employees avoiding us and ignoring other customers as well.  AFter 10 minutes of rudeness like I have never experienced before we left.  One of the sad employees spoke an apathetic "sorry" as we headed out the door.If you're stumbling around the French Quarter late at night with a growling stomach, Clover Grill is the diner to visit. Surrounded by the bars of Bourbon Street, Clover Grill stands all on its own with the "World's Best Hamburgers" and a vivacious staff. My go-to are the cheeseburgers with a side of fries. My boyfriend's favorite is the chicken fried steak and eggs with grits. Cooked to perfection, the chicken fried steak is flavorful and just the thing to satiate your southern food craving. The grits are not lacking any butter either. Guess what? You can get your diner fix at any time because they are open 24 hours. Win!Pure awesomeness at clover grill. Burger was huge and very good, just the way I like it..Amazing spot for some French fries or 3 am burger or hangover meal. Everyone seems to be friendly and you will have good conversations here! You should try to the burger with a fired egg on top- it's amazing.  It's a lot like an old school diner type place. Enjoy !Good Drunk food luv the staff. Quick and efficient but the place is smallA good place for cheap late night food or breakfast but the service and food quality were below average. We ate at the counter where we could watch our food being made. None of the ingredients appeared to be fresh. Most of the ingredients came pre-prepared out of a bag or carton. I got an omelette with tomatoes, mushrooms and Swiss. Both the omelette and the hash browns that came with it we're extremely greasy. 
Big portions if you're looking to save a few bucks but the quality is definitely lacking.This place was our last meal in New Orleans. We stay about 20 STEPS from this place and some how we missed it. This is a great place to go within walking distance for a taste bud break from all the Cajun food. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. We had the hamburgers with chili and bacon. It was really good. Made fresh to order and the chili was the shit. The onion rings are amazing. Its a small hole in the wall but you go there for the food. We loved this place. We'll be back.If you stroll onto this side of Bourbon (the quieter, nicer, gayer side), then you may stumble upon this 24/7 greasy spoon. If you want classic diner food to soak up the liquor, the Clover Grill will do you right. Have the country fried steak with hash browns or the burger with tots. 
Service is quick and friendly, but don't overstay your welcome, especially when it's busy.
Also, don't use the bathroom unless you absolutely have to, just saying.I was in need of comfort food today so headed to the "World Famous" Clover Grill at the corner of Bourbon and Dumaine in the French Quarter. The Clover Grill has been a Quarter institution since 1939. And from the looks of the place, not much has changed since then.
No pretense here. About a dozen tattered red swivel stools line the counter. 6 tables line the windows along Bourbon Street. There's one griddle where Sheika cooks the 8 ounce burgers under "an American made hubcap." French fries are fried to order - no food staying lukewarm under lights. She aptly made omelets, got a malt going in the machine, and cooked burgers all at the same time.
Reading the menu provides entertainment. Here are some of the jokes on the menu: "If you're not served in 5 minutes, it may be another 5. Relax. This isn't New York City." "Dancing in the aisles only. Please keep off the tables." "No strange tricks at tables, please. Please keep hands on top of the table." "No talking to yourself." "We don't eat in your bed, so please don't sleep at our table." And, "You've paid the price, now look how much you've gained."
I ordered a burger dressed ($5.49) and an order of fries ($2.49). The burger was juicy and the fries hot & crispy. It hit the spot!
The Clover Grill is located at 900 Bourbon Street and is open 24/7. Omelets, waffles & burgers are available all day long. For a no frills, good burger and a cast of characters behind the counter and next to you - the Clover Grill is a good bet.
(Pictures available on my blog: "Native Palate.")We went to this place and sat there for 20 mins. Noone even acknowledge we where there. The lady was very rude. I would not recommend anyone go there.It shouldn't be as good as it is.  That was my thought most of the time I was eating breakfast here before catching a flight back to SFO.  If you look at the facts of this place, it's nothing to write home about.  A decent amount of the food comes out of Sysco boxes, the menu isn't anything to write home about, and there's no one dish here that you can't get a million other places.  Now, having said that, Clover is one of those rare places that just ends up being more than the sum of it's parts.  The staff are extremely nice and obviously take pride in their work.  The food is simple, but it's exactly what you think the food in a diner like this should be.  The counter has a few regulars reading a newspaper, and chatting up the cook.  They don't try to be anything but a good simple diner, and frankly I find that refreshing as hell in a world where every place seems to be trying to be more than what they are and usually failing at it.  
As far as the food goes, my eggs were a perfect over-medium, the grits were great, the toast was nice and buttery, and the coffee was good and strong.  That's it.  No organic, free-trade, cage-free, blah blah blah.  Just a good simple American breakfast in a place that has real soul.This 24/7 diner is perfect for quick meals at any time of the day.  It's an old school diner that looks straight out of the 1950s and is quite small.  This is a seat yourself kind of place and the menus are on the table.  It's not the cleanest overall, but it's nothing terrible- dust on the decorations and on hard to reach places (they have high ceilings), as well as some overall wear and tear from the large amount of foot traffic.  The kitchen set up and food handling was clean, which is what really matters.  They had decorated for the holidays, which I thought was kind of a nice touch.  We stopped here 3 times during our trip at different times of the day and consistently got good service.  I went around 0900 and was the only person there, however when we went in the afternoons it was packed.  The food doesn't look special or have nice presentation, but that's probably not what you came for if you're stopping here.  Everything I had was great and cheap, which was a nice surprise considering it's close to a lot of tourist traps and higher priced places.  They have specials in the mornings that are a great deal, I went at 0900 and paid $4ish for grits, toast, eggs and bacon.  The second morning I stopped in the server remembered me and when I sat down he made sure my table had strawberry jam because I had asked for it the day before - so nice!When you come here you aren't looking for a 5 star meal. You aren't looking for anything that will knock your socks off, you are looking for drunk munchie food. And you will not be disappointed. The menu has slightly snarky remarks in it, which was fun. We ordered a burger, it was what we expected, slightly greasy and hit the spot. It was nice to be able to order something, eat, and get out all in under 20 minutes. The burger helps keep us trucking along our drinking tour of NOLA, and I will go again next time I am in town. I just love a place that isn't trying to be anything it isn't. The tag line should be 'We serve good food to drunk people, and sober people like us too'.Always open - always dependable - hubcap burgers -- and the atmosphere can't be beat - reminds me of the old Tiffany's diner in Greenwich Village - late night post club - bar spot where you might see anyone of many different genders, sexuality and ageGreat great place. Staff was awesome. Food yummy. Small and you may have to wait, but I feel it's worth it. Our waiter took my sassy and gave it back well, Love him.A bit on the ghetto side. The cook is a total diva w a good helping of attitude but the food was very good. Cheap n excellent when all other kitchens n closed on bourbon street in the middle of night. Their omelettes looked amazing and fluffy but I didn't get a chance to try them.Really fun place on burbon, open 24 hrs a day which is kind of a must for around there. Got a cheeseburger with a fried egg and chili cheese fries... I know not the healthiest thing ever but it kind of comes as common knowledge when your going to a place like this. Great greasy meal after a day of drinks.So it's 8 o'clock in the morning, I get a phone call from a friend who needs to be picked up from Tulane hospital because another friend was mugged and pistol whipped a few hours earlier.... He is starving... so where do you take someone who's shirt is bloody and with bruises and stitches  all over their face for a cheery breakfast? Well, you take them to the Clover Grill! What could be better than eating eggs and grits with some chicken fried steak when you have a broken cheek bone? Especially when Gladys Knight is playing in the background and a drag queen is sucking down a waffle! The server was super cute and friendly and my food was great... not amazing but great. I felt like I was in a Quentin Tarantino movie! Try Clover Wiener, it's "a 1/4 pound of pure beef pleasure"...Best place to get late night diner food in Nola. Service can be very slow when they're busy. Still the guys behind the counter work hard to make every meal delicious. The hand battered onion rings will make you cry. Tip well, you will be rewarded.This place was a great find for breakfast, the waffles and eggs were amazing! Ramone was so hilarious and so was the one cooking, it made for a great time while having a breakfast that hit the spot. If you're uptight about restrooms, better go with an empty bladder, def not for the faint of heart!This is an awesome place  (Post Benjamin Button ) .....always come here for breakfast. ! After or before drinking it's a good place to eat Breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Can't go wrong.Grossed me out and I won't go back. It looked more like a soup kitchen or drug addict den and was dirty. We ordered (for 2) burgers and fries and 1 of our burgers had extras and was missing some toppings and we never got our fries and salad. The food was below average and too expensive for what we got. The chili tasted like it was canned and the patties were ehhh and not fresh. I hate that people go here and give it an "awesome" review or "it's such a great greasy spoon and we were drunk so  it's the best...be honest it's not even ok.Inexpensive grub. Biscuits were denser and not as tasty as I remember but the gravy was better than most. It's open 24 hours which is great after late night playing. They need to clean up a bit. It doesn't seem to have been swept or washed down in a really long time.Best onion rings ever. They are actually homemade, not that frozen crap. The burgers were delicious! This place is not like most tourist traps in the French Quarter. The food is amazing. Joe was our server, he was amazing. I will definitely be back!