Tried the Pig Mac last visit,  uneventful and flavorless- really disappointing as was the dry slaw.  Still a fan but lost a star. Ever since Peche opened there are cracks in the wall of Link.Would give 2.5 but would not round off to 3.
Cubano did not taste anything like a Cubano. 
The bread on mine was rock hard (like it was stale or microwaved before being pressed. 
The pork was dry and boring. 
There was no mustard on it. 
There was an odd sweet pickle taste to it.
The mac and cheese was just "ok" Nothing special at all. Can easily make it better at home.
The tea was tea and they refilled our glasses in a timely fashion.
None of our party thought their food was better than Meh.
What really killed me was after eating half my Cubano and giving up on it, they change the specials board and it had lamb on it. Grrr. THAT might have been awesome instead of disappointing.My husband and I live in Miami. We used Yelp to find this place. We went during the lunch rush at noon so  huge lines (at least 30 people in front of us) but to our surprise it was not too bad. We enjoyed the food, the service was amazing and the ambiance was enjoyable. We had the Carolina BBQ and Cubano sandwiches, both we tasty and spicy. The sandwiches are served alone, no chips, but they are available for purchase. They also have side items. The homemade lemonade was a bit small but really good. The key lime pie was delicious are worth every penny. If you are looking for a place a bit different and really good food, try Butcher.When my boyfriend and I arrived here after walking from a trolley stop, we were a little confused as to where the actual restaurant was. I had found this place on Yelp and I saw the sign for Cochon. But, it just didn't seem right. So, I pulled up my iYelp and saw the sign for this place and saw that I just needed to walk a few feet down the way to the Butcher sign. 
We had originally come for the bacon pralines but decided to get a little lunch/snack while here. After all, they boast mac and cheese which my boyfriend and I are both huge fans of. 
So, we ordered the mac and cheese and the duck sliders to share. We tried to order the pralines but were told they were sold out and next time to come back earlier (we arrived at 11). Not enjoying pralines, I wasn't too upset except that this was the whole reason we came. My boyfriend, on the other hand, was devastated. Two of his most favorite things in the world, bacon and praline, were denied to him. And we knew we would never get back to this place, let alone EARLIER, due to the things we already had planned. 
The duck slider was good. Cheesy, salty, toasted, and delicious. The only let down was the size for the price. We both really enjoyed the mac and cheese except we both decided it was more of a cheese pasta dish as it had so many additions that we couldn't classify it as a true mac and cheese. But, we both also agreed it was one of the best cheese pasta dishes we have had. Also a let down for the price though. 
If I could have gotten my boyfriend a bacon praline and not spent close to $20 bucks for two sodas and some snacks I would have rated this place higher.Delicious and pricey, but well worth it! Highly recommend the "Crescent City Sunrise" cocktail.This place rules! Beer and yummy food. Loved the Brussels sprouts and pork belly. We even tried the chocolate cake. I don't remember the service, but the place is small and it was a weird hour on a Thursday afternoon. We also snacked on the cheese plate. Mmm cheese good.My husband's favorite restaurant!!! He is a regular and always likes to meet up with his buddies there.Wonderful food and a nice ambiance. Like many places in New Orleans a bit loud. Could use some different acoustics. The food was creative and delicious - everything I ate was great. The service also very good. A short distance from the convention center, and far enough off the beaten path to not be chock full. I will eat here again.We attempted to go to Cochon but didn't have a reservation.  The host suggested we go down the block to their butcher.  It was so delicious!  Good menu choices and easy, relaxed atmosphere.  It was one of the best meals we had in NOLA and it wasn't originally what we had planned.  Pleasant surprise.Idk why I am so hesitant to write this review. I have been here a handful of times. Yes, I believe enough times to say I've given them chances and, truthfully, I haven't quite enjoy them that much. I really think they deserve 2.5 stars. 
I've had their charcuterie plate (16$). Their charcuterie plate wasn't even close to the best one I've had. That's very disappointing because they're a "butcher." The duck pastrami slider (7$) is ok. The mac&cheese (6$) is okay. What's not okay is the gambino sandwich (12$). Now, the gambino is pretty damn good & i do find myself craving it. You know what else is better than okay? The oatmeal cookies (1.25$). On two occasions, I stopped in solely for the oatmeal cookies. 
I know I've tried two or three other sandwiches but I can't remember which ones. That tells me they're forgettable.You have to stop and eat at a place that has a line.  There is a reason for it.  However, I just was not that impressed with Cochon.  There were food offerings that were way outside the box, but at the same time it did not impress me that much.  
I asked for the house recommendation and was offered the pork belly sandwich.  I agreed and purchased.  It was super fatty and a little tough.  Eating Korean food, I knew what I was getting myself into with the pork belly.  
I got the chocolate cake, that was good, but a little heavy on the frosting.  
Others in my group liked their sandwiches but I am not sure anyone was all about going again tomorrow. 
What did I learn today? 
If you want to smell like burned toast and bacon grease, stop in at Cochon and eat your sandwich there.  Just make sure you are not headed back to any important work meetings.  Oh, you just might have to burn that shirt since the smell does not come out.Was planning to have lunch at Cochon before our flight back to SF, we ended up having a glass of Riesling and split their special of the day sandwich - duck confit!  That's probably one of BEST sandwiches that I have ever tasted!  Crispy sourdough, very flavorful duck confit with a bit of duck fat inbetween, and whatever that magical spread.  I could have eaten the whole thing myself if I am actually hungry.  If we are in town again, this is going to be my first stop!!  Hubby bought a few pounds of their smoke sausages and the guy has vacuum sealed it for us. All servers are super nice and friendly as well.  Love this place!!!We couldn't visit NOLA without checking out Cochon butchery. 
I ordered the Muffuletta and she ordered the pork belly sandwhich. If you like salty peppery meats, you'd probably enjoy the Muff.  Don't feel like you need to eat a Muff just because it's the thing to do in NOLA.  I think you'd be better off with the cold roast beef with horseradish.
The Pork belly on the other hand was good as hell. The melt in your mouth pork belly and whatever aoili they used was on point. Really good. 
Definitely worth a visit.I give this place 5 stars for the sole reason that it was open on New Year's Eve! My friend and I had just landed in New Orleans for New Years, and we were immediately in need of something to eat. 
We quickly got frustrated when we realized that no restaurants were open on that day. Finally, we found Cochon Butcher, which was a casual and affordable restaurant with a bar. You order your food at the counter and then find a seat. 
I ordered the pastrami sandwich, which was lovely  and my friend got the Mediterranean wrap. The food was good and much needed!Everything here is amazing, the table favorite was the gambino it's flavorful and over the top good.We went to Butcher after having had several memorable dinners at Link's Herbsaint Restaurant.  
Before talking about the Butcher, I have to talk about the museum district in New Orleans.  We live in Chicago, have lived in San Francisco and Switzerland, and have traveled to a lot of places in Europe and the Southern Hemisphere.  We have been to New Orleans many times as my parents lived on the Gulf Coast pre-Katrina.  We only discovered the Museum District on our visit this past May.  What a treat!  The Modern Art Museum is an architectural treasure, the World War II museum is profound, the Southern Art Museum makes a dramatic entry and the venerable Civil War Museum is a true classic.  
After all that Museum stuff you get hungry.  Really hungry!  So walk about 3 blocks down to Link's Butcher and have a truly memorable lunch.  We had the roasted turkey with arugula, tomato, fontina and basil pesto aioli on 7 grain bread.  Wow.  Several of the regular patrons suggested the Buckboard bacon melt with collards on white, but neither my wife nor I really warm up to collards so we took a pass.  Anyway, add a great beer or in my wife's case a root beer, and you have a very special lunch in the warehouse district of New Orleans.Oh, YEP!!!  I am always on the lookout for a stellar sandwich and this place delivers for sure. So much so that I'm going back tomorrow to try more of the menu.  The bacon melt was just perfect. Thinly sliced, not too crispy bacon with spicy collard greens and melty swiss on the most expertly toasted white bread. It was everything! Great spot for an afternoon sammy and brew (or vino, which I had. Bacon and wine, it's all good!).One of my favorite sandwich places in the city. And I am a sandwich snob. The Moroccan spiced lamb is my favorite. Thin crispy pieces of lamb and their chili oil on top makes it amazing. Make sure you get their Brussels sprouts. Perfectly sauteed in oily goodness. This is not the place you come to if you are on a dietJust left Cochon Butcher and had to review.  Had the Le Pig Mac and it was the best sandwich I have ever eaten.  Also had the sprouts, which were also outstanding.  It was so good I feel like going back later today for another one.After leaving the WWI Museum in NOLA and not knowing the city, I used YELP to look for restaurants within walking distance (I love my iPhone). I was guiding us to Couchon, which just happened to be closed when we showed up. But the owner of Couchon Butcher waved us down to his place just behind Couchon. IT WAS FANTASTIC - a tiny hole in the wall wine-bar type place. It has a butcher counter (obviously) and yummy daily offerings - check the chalkboard. The boudin will make you slap the heck out of your mother - it was that good. We also had the marinated brussels sprouts - DELISH - and the so-so bratwurst. The staff was awesomely cool and accommodating and we will be going back again. TRY IT - DON'T BE AFRAID!Atmosphere: modern, rustic, fun.  Don't have to get dressed up or you can. 
Food: tasty! My boyfriend and I got 4 plates to share plus 1 soup each and we were stuffed.  We had the ribs (SO GOOD), cauliflower soup du jour (so good!), duck and andouille gumbo (wasn't my favorite but I felt like it was pretty authentic--maybe I just don't like dark gumbo), beet salad (very good), grits (so good), and shrimp and eggplant (good).  The desserts looked so good but we were stuffed so we skipped that.
Drinks: there's a bar to grab drinks with friends but this is more of a dinner place. Wouldn't be my go-to bar. I got red wine and he got an amber beer--can't really mess those up! 
Staff: our waiters and the host were supper nice and knowledgeable! Very pleased. 
I gave this a 3/5 stars because although I liked a lot about it, I wished the menu was bigger for people that may not want super authentic New Orleans cuisine.  I really just wanted a salad with lots of greens and some protein and they just didn't have that. 
I would come back here with friends.If you've been there, I could simply state the name because nothing else is needed. I really don't think I could visit New Orleans without going to Butcher at least once. Butcher is a charcuterie and sandwich shop from foremost New Orleans Chef Donald Link, a James Beard Award winner. A tiny place, lines have a tendency to run out of the door so it's best to plan to take food to go. Arriving mid afternoon, we were able to snag a table.
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/Loved the boudin. Very tasty. Lol....I got stopped by TSA trying to bring home these goodies...This place was super packed when we walked by Saturday afternoon/marathon weekend. We decided to wait anyway because the food looked good. I couldn't have anything, so my boyfriend ordered the Pig Mac for himself. We decided to get it to-go, and the cashier told him it would be a 10 minute wait: not bad. We stood by the counter in the front, and stood waiting for almost 25 minutes... we noticed a guy who ordered after us got his meal, so my boyfriend asked if his order was ready. Another guy got his order at the same time as us, and he arrived/ordered 15 minutes after we did!!!  Clearly, they're SUPER busy at the Cochon Butcher. The food was already cold by the time we got it, but the boyfriend said it was worth it. We will have to come back (and see if they can accommodate my gluten-free diet)!amazing sandwiches. sweet potato hot sauce was so good that i bought a bottle. 
bacon melt was my favorite. not like the bacon you would think. layers of different thin slices of ham. tiny bit crispy. . 
wife had the pulled pork. she loved it. i thought it was good. nice bun. 
wasn't impressed with the pork belly. i love pork belly. this was kinda on the way too fatty side for me. i liked the sauce and the mint surprisingly. 
good beer selection. 
this is a must if you ever visit. 
went for dinner on a monday night around 830 and it was 1/3 full.I wanted to buy and eat my way through everything here. 
Cochon Butcher is the casual sandwich/butcher side that flanks the more formal Cochon.  No reservations here; you line up to place your order, get a number and find/stalk for a seat.  We were the downtrodden duo who couldn't find a seat around 1PM on a Friday and was relegated to the outside area. But a kind server (who forever holds my little heart for this) saw me looking forlornly at the AC'd dining area and snatched a cozy table for us. 
Food-wise, I think I made it to Nirvana.  House made meats, head cheese, sausage, pickles, condiments, desserts. Love love love.  BF ordered the special with roasted pork; I got the muffaletta.  We each took a bite, and stopped and looked at each other in amazement because, really it's just a sandwich, but wow - it feels like it fed my soul.   Even the pickles were one of a kind. All the house made items just meld together to make some amazing food. I left here very reluctantly. Donald Link - you've made a fan girl out of me!Fantastic casual option. I was raving about everything I had here. Duck pastrami sandwich, Reuben, mac and cheese. To top it off, the Elvis cake was fantastic (King cake with peanut butter, bananas, bacon, and frosting). Just the kind of restaurant where everything on the menu is great and you leave feeling good.My oh my how I love their bacon sandwich.  Two days in a row.  Oh my....  And that chocolate cream pie.  [drool......]  Super fun spot.  Great atmosphere, cool to watch the butcher in action.  Great drinks.  Will definitely be back!!Really, what can you say? Best deli style restaurant ever, evidenced by constant crowds and long prep times. 
If I had a critique, which i don't because my tongue works, it is that there is too much good shit on the menu which causes second guessing. Or, you can be a champ, and order it all....and then get more.
I won't even recommend specific dishes because it is all so good that making a bad choice is like learning to read in a Camden, NJ kindergarten class: impossible. 
Eat this.This place felt right walking in. Not a soul outside or walking down the block, but a full dining room... nowhere to sit! They found us a table quickly after ordering (you do that first here) and we had our beers in barely a minute. The potato salad was delicious and chunky (stone ground mustard lovers - this is it). Our itialian grinder was salty, crusty perfection. The vinagrette was tangy and worked with the salty delites on this sandwich. Highly recommend!Been here a few times. Never blown away. I guess it's just not my thing. But nothing ever grabs me here that justifies the raves it gets. It is a cool space and the food isnt bad. Just not that great in my opinion and terrifically over priced.the Mac and cheese and excellent and priced appropriate. however just about everything on the menu is not nearly as tasty, and extremely over priced. overall it was a disappointment.Favorite place in New Orleans.  I had their pork belly sandwich my first time around  The sandwich was delicious but I was blown away by their side of pickles--wow!!!  I got the special the 2nd time that had pork belly in it--still delicious!I visited Cochon Butcher for the first time back in March 2016. I'm pretty sure I had an out of body experience. I made it a point to return in October. If I lived in New Orleans, this would be a regular spot for me. The staff always brings their A-game. The atmosphere is pretty laid back. Seating is limited so you gotta roll the dice. While you're waiting for your food, you can get lost looking at all the weird random stuff decorating the walls. 
As a Midwesterner, my first instinct is to go for your stereotypical NOLA food--po boys, gumbo, seafood anything, etc. Being from Kansas City, I unapologetically roll my eyes at other BBQ. Cochon Butcher made me cast out that snobbery.This place rocks!!! Just flew in from LA and had to make this my first meal back. Amazing pastrami sandwich served on grilled rye bread. Add the slaw and their sweet potato hot sauce and you are ready to dig in!Cochons is one of my faborite resturants in town, its always good, always consitent and always interesting. Not having a reservation on a busy night can be an issue but plan ahead and you won't have to wait! The Brisket is the best!Great place to eat lunch at and grab a beer. Loved the Mac-n-Cheese and the pork belly sandwich. All the menu items are well priced and if I lived in New Orleans I would become a regular. Eating here was one of the highlights of my trip and writing this review is making me crave another sandwich. They also had a gret selection of beers and the meats available for purchase looked delicious. They were offering catering for Holiday events so if you're in the market for that definitely go here. This location started to get packed when we were leaving and I could envision a line here during peak times.Love the Cubano. Top flight service. Key Lime pie was one of the best I have ever had. Can't wait to go back!Good sandwiches. That being said the prices are way too high for what you get. If you want to pay a lot for a good sandwich then go, but if you want more bang for your buck go elsewhere.Everything on the menus is delicious. I recommended the duck pastrami sandwich or the le pig Mac. The only thing I didn't care for was the pickles (too floral for my taste).Had a super delicious turkey sandwich. Only problem is they had a line out the door! Also not a lot of options for vegetarians. Definitely a meat lover's paradise.Le Pig Mac is really good. Like a better version of the Big Mac. Also had the muffuletta based on reviews and I didn't like it as much as the central grocery, which is the only comparison I have. Boudin was out of this world delicious. Definitely worth coming back to try other things.Oh Butcher, how do I love thee? In so many ways and for all the reasons there are to love a fancy deli. The sides are mouth watering-ly delish. The sandwiches are superb. Throw in a cold beer and we're talking perfect.We had the pork belly and BBQ pork, potato salad and Mac & cheese. They are super sour and super salty. But I like the pork belly. I guess the sour is just to make the pork taste not that thick.Great atmosphere,very popular. Had the Pig Mac=ham version of Big Mac which was amazing. Also the marinated brussel sprouts were delicious. Don't go during lunch time very busy have to wait to get a seat.pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich,pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich.
did I mention pork belly sandwich? that is the single most delicious piece of sandwich I had since I first ate at Langer's in Los Angeles. that fatty pork MELTS in your mouth. everything balances greatly, and I can't believe how good the thing tastes!!!.
The lamb sandwich my wife got was great too.This is an interesting restaurant. Nice local gathering place. Unfortunately, the food was not to our taste. We tried highly recommended food choice as per Yelp, but nothing we really loved.
I think serious meat eaters would love this place.Tasty BBQ pork
I love cole slaw and ordered a side
Huge portion of slaw!! More than cousin Hugo's  but sadly not as good
I must return to try the bacon cheese
(Nice booze selection too )Amazing!  This is the stuff that dreams are made of!  I love the Gambino Sandwich made with meats that are house made. The house made pickles are to die for, and don't get me started on the bacon pralines are legendary. We brought my father-in-law some of their hogs head cheese and he loved it.  If you like the charcuterie  you get in Couchon Restaurant, you can purchase the same items at the Butcher.  Their deli meat is so much better quality and variety wise than any grocery store.  Also, a great place to get cold cuts and appetizers for dinner parties.The sandwiches were all delicious. We ordered 4 different ones to sample and each sandwich was amazing. A must place to dine in.Morrocan spiced lamb gyro. Best gyro
I've ever had man. The heat of the lamb and the cool of the tzaziki sauce... God I loved how the flavors came alive and sang in your mouth. Cochon butcher has their meats and spices down pat! Even their le pig mac nailed the best of in n out and McDonald's into one burger. If you love a good handheld meal, and have a solid 10-20 minutes to spare, this place is an absolute must go. Happy travels!10 stars...best meal in New Orleans, everything was top notch.One of my boys live close to this place and said this was this place to hit for brunch. We were actually supposed to go to Cochon Restaurant, but I got there first and didn't know there was a difference and ended up @ Cochon Butcher lol. Very nice girl the worked there said I could just take an open table even though I hadn't ordered at the counter yet, plus I ordered a cup of coffee from the bar. One of my boys looked around the other place and felt the vibe was better @ Butcher. 
Menu of course was meat heavy and I looked around and saw what was on other plates and it all looked good. I asked the girl that told me I could take the seat and her sister (sitting across from her) was having a Cochon Muffaletta which is basically an assorted meat sandwich with olive salad on a Sicilian roll...very good and hearty of course lol! We got a side of marinated Brussels sprouts...very good but a little on the vinegary side. Mac & cheese was solid as well. 
Definitely recommend as the food and service is solidVery good! One of my favorite restaurant in New Orleans!!! pork belly sandwich is a must order!!!!!!!'I have to agree with Rob C. and Barby M. This place is a tad bit too overhyped.
I had this sandwich: Pork Belly with Mint + Cucumber on White $10
And for $10, I expected a bigger sandwich. But no... the hype of the sister restaurant Cochon probably pushed up the prices.
And the bread was a bit lackluster. Everything else was great, but the bread had to go into my mouth as well. I couldn't say that it was my favorite sandwich, especially since pork (and pork bellies) are already a big thing in Cuban-loving South Florida.
If they improved on the bread, or chopped down the prices (one of the two would be acceptable), I would bump up the ratings for sure.I am trying to think of how to say how unbelievable my experience at Cochon Butcher was, but the words escape me. I guess what I'm trying to say is, holy freakin crap I love all you beautiful people in your black "Butcher" shirts. My boyfriend got the buckboard bacon melt with collards, I got the smoked turkey with avocado and basil aioli, and we split some pickles and the Mac and cheese. I can't choose a favorite if I tried, I loved each item equally, but separately. The cocktails were divine. The rocketman was very refreshing. I could eat Cochon Butcher for lunch every single damn day. Well done.This place is porkalicious!  Had the buckboard Bacon melt with Collards.  Great sandwich.  The sweet potato habanero hot sauce is addictive and perfect for dipping those little crispy potato chips in.  Just be sure to get there early to miss the lines!This is the place to break a diet...so freakin good!  My friends somehow decided on the muffuletta, pork belly sandwich, brisket sliders and duck pastrami sliders despite all the options.  The muffuletta was solid, but the brisket sliders stole the show.  Moist and packed with flavor on a soft bun.  Those sliders can melt in your mouth.  My pork belly sandwich was also very good-- I loved the pickled cucumbers and mint inside.  The duck pastrami sliders may be too rich for some, but I'd be happy clogging up my arteries for just a bite.  If the butchery is this good, I can't imagine how fabulous the more formal restaurant next door must be.  Cochon Butcher was one of the highlights of my trip.I actually walked into the Cochon restaurant in the corner at first thinking it was Butcher, sat down and looked at the menu looking for these awesome sandwiches. When I didn't find them, I asked and they told me butcher was actually next door, no worries, Cochon actually had some fried gator on the menu that I certainly do not regret ordering, they were awesome. Come to find out Cochon and Butcher are sister restaurants. I walked over to Butcher and must say the place was packed in the middle of the day and for good reason. I ordered a cubano to go, I ended up eating it on the drive back to Gulfport and enjoyed every bite. The meats were flavorful and all ingredients jived real well. Would highly recommend this place to anyone in NOLA.freakin amazing sandwiches. we ordered pretty much all the sandwiches and they were all simply delicious. you can tell its all hand made and fresh. you cant go wrong here and its definitely worth going out of your way to try.Amazing. That's all I have to say. My friends and I thought that Cochon was amazing but that was before we visited Cochon Butcher. This place is simply amazing and life changing. We came on a rainy day and right when they opened, which is a good thing since this place gets packed during peak hours (lunch hours).  When you enter, the butcher shop/area you order will be right in front of you. The bar and seating will be immediately to your right.  You can find the menu behind the cash registers or on the counter. Look it over because there's so many options. The prices are also pretty decent for the quality of food that you get - it's great quality and the prices are not too shabby!  The staff are friendly and they try to clean the tables pretty fast so that people can get seated right away when someone leaves. There's also a lot of things to look at around the restaurant. Some items are quite pricey (dishtowel, books, etc.).  There's also the butcher section that you can order meats from. If you live in NOLA or if you have a cooler so you can take it home with you, I suggest you do it. That boudin was amazing!!  Anyhow, onto the food!
My friends and I ordered several items and shared. The first thing we had was the Le Pig Mac. Can I say, that this is obviously better than the original Big Mac. It was amazing. They got the sauce down. But what made it so good was the meat. The pork was so tender and flavorful. I wanted to eat another one. We also ordered the bbq pork sandwich. Our lyft driver suggested it and it was also really good. The meat was again, flavored well and delicious. Then we had the boudin as well. OMG. How could you not attempt to take one home with you on the plane?!?  Trust me, we all wanted to take it home but we didn't. Anyhow, the ingredients just melt in your mouth and it's just so so so delicious and amazing and flavored very well and not salty at all and and and just life changing. We ordered another one to share. Finally we had the meat board and that also didn't disappoint. All the meats were great and it was paired well with some pickled items. I don't remember what they were because the meats were the star of the show. Heck, all their meats were the star of the show. 
Oh we also ordered a muffuletta to go for our flight home. It kept up well and it was so flavorful.  There was enough of the Olive spread and the meats were layered well that every bite was balanced with olive spread and meat. It was so so so tasty!
As you can tell by this review, Cochon Butcher is a must visit when you're visiting NOLA. You won't regret it at all.If you are attending a show at the Ernest M Morial Convention Center, and looking for a quality sandwich, this is the place for you!
I ate here twice this week (I don't usually eat at the same restaurant twice while I'm visiting a city, but this deserves an exception). I really enjoyed The Pig Mac on my 1st trip here. Big, juicy, impossible to eat without making a mess, but worth every bite! 
My second trip I had the muffuletta. What a monster of a sandwich. Great combination of piles of sliced meat, with a nice olive salad. The sauces soak into the bread through the middle of the sandwich making it difficult to set it down. I did find there to be too much bread around the outside of the sandwich, but there was more than enough food without eating it.
I did try a few of the sides. The coleslaw was good. MAC & Cheese was thick and creamy. The potato salad was very tasty. Unless you have a big appetite, there is no need for a side with the sandwich's that I had, you probably will want to share.
This place was extremely busy both times I was here. The second trip, lineup was down the street. The staff are very efficient at getting people through. Enough customers were taking their food to go that I was able to get a table both times I went. The staff were all friendly, and were working hard to get food out.This place was awesome. The food was so fresh and delicious, and I was very impressed with my breakfast sandwich. The coffee w/ chicory was outstanding, and the service was very friendly and quick. The atmosphere is casual, and the high-top tables and bar area make it a nice counterpart to the adjacent Cochon. Would look forward to trying more dishes from Cochon Butcher and would love to check out Cochon the next time I'm in NOLA.Ordered here twice now and it's not right ever. I don't mean missing one item off the right sandwich I mean I've gotten a different meal now two different days and this sucks. Get your expectations ready to eat the meal you paid for and when you get a cheaper sandwich than you paid for and it's not as good it's disheartening. I understand this place gets busy but there was no line and even open tables when I've been here. How is the order not right?Probably one of the best Sandwich shops in NOLA.  I've tried 4 of their sandwiches and all are ver good. Great place for a great sandwich.Didn't want to wait in line at Central Grocery. I decided to try the Muffalata at Butcher. That was a mistake. Their Muffalata was very bland. Their was only one olive on the whole sandwich. I also tried the boudin and the cubano. Again both bland. Two stars for the friendly service.Good, but a bit disappointing compared to the full restaurant next door.
I went to Cochon more than a year ago and had one of the best meals of the visit to New Orleans there. We had pig cheeks, alligator and amazing sausage. This time we came back to the Cochon Butcher with high expectations. It was good, but not as amazing as you'd like.
We got the pork belly sandwich that everyone raves about and it was very good, but not out-of-this world. At the point at which you're one of the highest-rated restaurants in New Orleans and making a pork belly sandwich, I really want it to be out-of-this world. Instead it was a bit thin, a bit too salty and there wasn't enough meat.
The mac'n'cheese and duck pastrami sliders were better. The mac'n'cheese was spicy and had that perfect crisped top of slightly burnt cheese. The duck pastrami sliders were also good with the cheese being the best part. It was a strong, Gruyere-like cheese that held up to the flavors in a really nice way.
I think the sleeper hit was the sweet potato and habanero hot sauce. It added a great sweet and spicy punch to whatever you put it on.
I also got the Rockin Rebel cocktail, which was a Manhattan with a bit of extra punch.
All-in-all, there's more to be happy about than not, but if i had it to do over again, I'd go to the sit-down restaurant next door again instead.Literally the best mac and cheese I've ever had. If you only eat one place in NOLA, eat here. Your stomach will thank you.Was in town for business and this place was highly recommended and was close to the convention center. Everything on the menu looked great but I picked the Pork Belly while another person in our group chose the Pig Mac. I loved that the pork belly had a bit of fat on it and tasted great but wished it had been bigger. I hadn't eaten much all day and could have eaten a 2nd one. I was able to take a bite out of the Pig Mac and although mine was good, I really wanted the Pig Mac as well. Guess I was feeling very piggish. We then spied a waiter carrying around a slice of chocolate cake, looking for a table. So now we also ordered a slice to share among e four of us. It was rich, moist and was the perfect density. I'm not sure if I could have eaten the whole thing by myself. This was definitely a way better choice than the convention center food court.You know you're gonna get a good sandwich when you see the butcher butchering meat as you walk in and all the freshly made sausages displayed. The variety of sandwiches is unreal, ranging from super heavy with bacon to very light and fresh with turkey and avocado. I would definitely recommend the pulled pork sandwich.Wow...one of the best sandwich shops.  Was in NOLA for a conference and found this place on yelp.  It's a little hectic inside during the lunch hour due to it's size, but definitely worth the chaos.  Had a cubano sandwich and it was SUPER.  My friend had the turkey, and I never would've thought a turkey sandwich could be so tasty.  
Would definitely come back when I'm in town.We stumbled across this place and realized it was a local favorite. Incredible
Food and great atmosphereOMG!!!!  If you're looking for some GREAT food... THIS IS THE PLACE!!!  At first we walked into the Cochon Restaurant and the scene didn't really look like were we wanted to grab a bite and a couple beers... then we figured out that we walked into the wrong Cochon!!!  Ok... I don't know about the Cochon Restaurant, but the Cochon Butcher is definitely a great place to grab a couple beers and some AWESOME FOOD!!!  I had the Greek Sausage plate that came with a couple links of Lamb sausage that was phenomenal, and lets not forget the eggplant Puree' that was great by itself but even better on the sausage and shoestring fries.  
Definitely going to hit this spot again!!!If you are in town for a convention(or just want a great sandwich) this place is a no brainer.  The Cubano was excellent as well as the key lime pie. Luckily we beat the crowd as the line was around the corner when we left, and I can see why. Definitely will be returning next time I'm in The Big Easy!Think you won't get excited walking into an deli/butcher- oh betcha will!  After Cochon one day, a friend sent me around the corner to Butcher for lunch.  Before I realized I was smelling, my mouth starting watering.  You can smell the fresh meats, spices and breads.  Buy hot to eat or take the best stuff home to DIY.  I had this two days in a row it was so awesome.  I had Pulled Pork one day and the Lamb version the next with whopping spicy potato salad.  Had to try a bit of the Peach Habenero sauce just for fun.  I can't tell you how good this was.  Plus great jars of gifties to buy for friends.  Oh- did I mean the PB&J cookie that is made in a small muffin tin.  Mouth watering yet?  And wash it all down with water, wine or an ice cold beer even on Sunday.  Amazingly decedent for a lunch place!4.5 stars.  Really good sandwiches, especially the Cubano.  Brussel sprouts, yum.  Not haute cuisine, but they do things right!  Other stuff quite good too, even if rich.  Definitely would plan to return.Woohooooooo!!! Cochon Butcher was certainly a highlight of our NOLA (eating) trip!!! That's why I decided to dedicate my 100th review to Cochon Butcher!!!
We were lucky that our hotel was about 3 blocks away from Cochon and Cochon Butcher. We went to Cochon for dinner the night before and as we walked back to the hotel, we noticed Cochon Butcher and quickly decided to go there for lunch the next day after the Swamp tour.
I'm not much of a sandwich eater (prefer rice than bread!) BUT.. oh boy CB certainly converted me!!! I got their Pork Belly sandwich and woaaaa HIT THE SPOT!!!!!!!!! IT WAS THE BEST SANDWICH I EVER HAD!!! It's a warm sandwich which I LOVE and filled with yummy smoked pork belly slices (not greasy nor too fatty at all!) and refreshing fresh cucumber slices and mint dressing (not overpowering at all)?!
My bf got the Carolina style pulled pork sandwich and he LOVED it too and let me tell you my bf is an avid sandwich eater, he knows what great sandwich is like and the pulled pork sandwich from CB became his TOP ONE, the best pulled pork sandwich on his best sandwiches list! It's not as saucy as the regular bbq pulled pork, but  it was full of flavor and we just couldn't have enough of it!
We also ordered the brussel sprouts and hot boudin as sides (eye-ing for the mac n cheese too but afraid would be too much food). It was our first boudin experience and at $3 a plate (four 1 inch thick pieces top with sliced pickled cucumber and mustard on the side).. it was certainly a steal deal!!! The brussel sprouts were good, it was pretty light in salt, but it was all good so that they didn't overpower the flavors of the sandwich.
I LOVED the SWEET POTATO HABANERO SAUCE!!! Bought one as souvenir for my kitchen!! It was pretty steep at $7/bottle.. 7 ounces?? (I would have bought more bottles if it was cheaper!)
I agree with other reviewers... this is not the usual sandwich shop..it's more of the fine dining of sandwich. All of the sandwiches are around $10 and up each and the portion size is not the 5 dollar foot-long @ SubWay... but you are paying for QUALITY not QUANTITY!!
If you happen to visit NOLA, CB is certainly a MUST VISIT place for great food...oh, just don't go to the bathroom as they do the meat work (they are a real butchery shop too!) near the bathroom (it's a small place!) so the floor is icky and greasy!
I think they have free wifi too..athmosphere is really laid back and casual with a modern twist....they also serve cocktails (with interesting names!) yummm :)Holy chloesterol!  Pork belly with cucumber and mint sandwich with homemade chips and homemade sweet pickle = fantastic lunch. Very smokey bacon pralines are laid out in vaccum sealed bags for impluse buyers at the counter. This place was jammed with locals and business people, so you know it is good. Minus one star because it was so small that there must be times when you can't get a seat. Definately try if you are in the warehouse arts district.Brussels sprouts  lamb sandwich  amazing cheese cakeMy foodie reviews of NOLA continue.... So went here with ridiculously high expectations.  The place was busy and we snagged two seats at the bar up front yay.... The girl at the front - was kind of rude - not gonna lie.  So hurriedly I ordered the pork belly.  Everyone said they loved it - I just didn't love it.  It was so crispy and not a lot of meat and just wasn't awesome - and I do love me some pork belly.  The chips that accompanied it were so greasy from oil - though kudos for being hand made.
My bf ordered the pulled pork - it was sooo smokey. Which could be a good thing just not for him, his cigarette after ( bad boyfriend) he said tasted like smoked pork. The potato salad that accompanied it was delicious though.
I give this place 2 stars for food - and 1/2 star because i really want to LOVE this place.  I love sammies and any place that is trying to make sammies the new hot thing - I want to love you, I do but cochon, you just weren't the cats meow.After dining at Cochon on Saturday night, we came to Butcher as the last stop of our trip to NOLA. On a Tuesday around noon, there was about a 10 minute line inside. I ordered the turkey, which was on a 7 grain(delicious and hearty) bread, topped with arugula, basil aioli and fontina cheese. I immediately proclaimed it the best sandwich I had ever eaten. BF couldn't finish his entire muffaletta so I stepped up to the plate and polished it off. The olive spread was yummy and the fatty combination of meats was rich and delicious. We also split the warm boudin that was perfectly spiced and paired with the b and b pickles. I normally hate pickles and loved these. The homemade chips are also great and cheap. Out of all of the restaurants I've tried in my trips to NOLA, I would have to say that Butcher is in my top 5.Where else can one have a pork belly sandwich with mint and cucumber or a duck pastrami slider for lunch at the price of a big-mac meal?  Add homemade pickles and onions, homemade potato chips, and a local NOLA beer -- you are in cochon (hog)-heaven.  If one is visiting the WWII museum, this restaurant is only about two blocks south.  By all means go out of your way to try it.  A great find by an out-of-towner.Been meaning to try this place for the longest time!  It didn't disappoint.  I had the gambino, which is house meats and an herb vinaigrette.  Food came out pretty quick.  Quality food. Just a great place to spend lunch on a beautiful day.Obsesssssed with the place. I usually hang at the bar and try out some of the fantastic cocktails. But, my go to will always be a charcuterie board (whatever the rotation is, it's usually amazing) and pair the salty/fatty/sour goodness with a cold glass of sweet Lambrusco.Food here is awesome! Pork belly sandwich hands down! Service is extremely good and food comes out quick!If only making one stop passing through New Orleans, GO HERE! I didn't discover the amazingness that is cochon butcher until my fifth trip to NOLA and will now never go back without stopping in here. From what I can tell you can order anything and it will all be great, especially doused in a mixture of their sweet potato and regular hot sauce! I tried the duck pastrami sliders, pancetta Mac and cheese, and the Pig Mac. All were delicious and I can't wait to try many more items!This place is AMAZING. I live in New Orleans now after moving down from the east coast, and the sandwich I had here was the best I've ever had. SOO good. Worst part is the line. If you go for lunch I suggest going at 11:30. A lot of times specials are sold out by 12:30.My Le Pig Mac was so good and it gets extra points for the McDonalds reference. However, maybe I was just more in the mood for a good, solid sandwich because the one bite I had of my friend's smoked turkey sandwich really hit the spot. Wish I could have tried more the menu! (I may not have like this place had it been more crowded--I hate having to fight for a table. And why tall tables with stools? I know they look cool, but I'll take a comfortable chair over a stool any day.)Sweet Jesus!  This is the place.  I've tried several things -- the pork belly sandwich, muffaletta, cubano -- but I go back for the gambino.  It may just be the perfect sandwich.  
When you see the guy in the back butchering a 300 lbs pig in the span of ten minutes, you get the sense they know how to handle meat in this place. It's old school.  Taste anything here, and you'll agree that their extra effort is well worth it. Go to this place if you're in New Orleans.This was the last stop my friends and I made before heading to the airport and I'm so glad we did. We came here on a Sunday afternoon, and made it right in time before closing. It was meant to be!
We ordered one cochon muffaletta, two gambino (one to take home for the hubby), side coleslaw and mac and cheese. We all agreed the muffaletta was just ok and a little too salty for us. The gambino on the other hand was AMAZING. One bite of that took me back to NYC! It tasted like an italian sub you can get from NY, but definitely nowhere in Atlanta, so I absolutely enjoyed every bite of it. I raved about it to the hubby, and he devoured it when we got home.
I will be coming back here every time I visit New Orleans from now on. It's a must try!Welcome to Foodie Meat Paradise, tucked into New Orlean's version of a Williamsburg or Wynwood warehouse neighborhood.  Why this still isn't a Michelin town yet, I have no idea, but at least those James Beard awards make up for it.  Cochon Butcher provides gourmet foodie eats in a casual food environment where you order at the counter and then grab a table and have your food delivered. 
I went for the Sweet & Spicy Brisket Slider (2 mini brioche bites), Mac n'Cheese, and Brussels Sprouts, while my partner went for the Cold Roast Beef and Pimento Cheese Slider (4 toasted finger sammiches).  It was all so good and definitely too much food for two, but we just decided not to eat dinner at all rather than sacrifice any digestive room not to try all the fixins for a late lunch.  Make it a one meal day and you'll still have a happy day.The Pig Mac is on another level. Insanely good. This place knows what they're doing - everything is awesome.WOW !  the muffaletta may not be the size of your head as in other (more traditional) shops in N.O. but the flavor and quality are #1.  We did to-go, but the place looked like a fun place to sit, eat and enjoy, very lively atmosphere.I am currently rating this place five stars, but that is pending due to Butcher's recent growth.
If you're a meaty sandwich person -- this is your place. The meat and ingredients are such great quality and much of it is made in house. In fact, before they expanded you may just walk past a gutted pig on your way to the restroom. 
The brisket sliders are mouth watering and the pork belly and roast beef sandwiches are always on point. Definitely try the mac-n-cheese too. Be prepared though -- this place is not for the faint of heart. 
The lines used to be really long but worth the wait. Butcher is now probably 3 -4 times the size it was to meet demand. However, last time we were there with friends visiting from out of town, one of our orders took nearly 40 minutes to get to our table after we went up there on two separate occasions to check on its status. It was clear they forgot it, but they kept saying it would be right up. Despite the tardiness, our friends went back for more the next day because they couldn't get enough. 
I am hoping the service and quality of food doesn't go down due to the expansion and that this incident was a one-time fluke.Grabbed a Cochon Muffaletta to take on the plane ride home.  I asked them to double wrap the sandwich but it still leaked through.  Greasy meaty goodness that made the other passengers jealous.  The potato salad had mustard and pickled things inside that were unidentifiable in the dark plane cabin.  Good stuff!
Crowded small quick meat place around the corner from the proper Cochon restaurant.Really good food...short walk from convention center...I had pulled pork and chips really smoky and yummy...my husband had BLT and mac and cheese...we emptied both platesDon't be discouraged by the line because it is so worth the wait.  I say this even though I  would never seek out a sandwich for a meal, particularly in NO.  I had the muffuletta which was awesome.  It's huge, cut in quarters and I ended up sharing with the Hubs because he liked it better than his Cuban.  The brussell sprouts were amazing and my son who got the pulled pork loved the mac and cheese.  We also picked up some desserts for later.  The chocolate cake looked better than it tasted and my husband thought the peanut butter pie was just ok.  Service is efficient and it's definitely hectic in there because you have to stalk the tables when it's busy.  I would definitely come again.The first evening after our arrival in NOLA we went on a long walk to find Cochon Butcher.  I'd been warned that Commander's Palace would probably slay my appetite for the rest of the day, but as five rolled around, I was ravenous.  Butcher, as it turns out, is a great place to spend time when you're very, very hungry.
My introduction to boudin started the meal.  Of all the boudin we tried during our trip, this was by far my favorite, even over the devilishly conceived fried boudin balls we encountered in a few places.  The boudin at Butcher is creamy and the accompaniments are perfect.  We followed it up with a delicious duck prosciutto slider and some pancetta mac and cheese.  It was at this point in the meal that I remembered to check my notes and discovered that part of the reason we'd come were the bacon pralines.  I went up the counter and asked and got the very bad news that they'd sold out of them for the day around lunchtime.
I moped back to the table and drowned my sorrows with the croque monsieur with country ham and melted leeks.  I love pork in all its many forms, but this was my first introduction to the lovely, almost buttery kind that is country ham.  We then tore into the pork belly sandwich which was tasty, though it could have been rendered a bit more for my tastes.  
As we prepared to end the meal with a PB & J cookie, the manager wandered our direction. As it turned out, a catering order was over an hour late picking up and, as a result, she said with a grin, I can let you have these.  And she presented me with an entire box of pralines.  "How many would you like?"  I thought I was being grateful when I said we'd take the entire box.  
As it turned out, I was the one who was being treated.  It's a horse race between these and the rum pralines at Southern Candymakers for my favorite pralines of all time.  Not only are they buttery, sweet, and have beautiful whole pecans in them, but I suspect that the porky additions to the standard form of praline isn't all that's going on.  Given how long they stayed soft and the extra unctuous mouth feel, I'm pretty sure they substitute some bacon fat for some of the butter that normally makes up a praline.  I wholeheartedly approve.
I'll be posting a review of Cochon at some point and we had a pretty bad customer experience there.  Despite that, I would return to Butcher without hesitation.  They went out of their way to take care of us and the food was second to none.Wow...now this place is good! 
This was our first meal in NOLA and what a great start to Labor Day Weekend. We decided to share everything we got and we ordered the Pancetta Mac N' Cheese, Potato Salad, the Gambino, a glass of wine, and a local beer. 
The Pancetta Mac N' Cheese looked so good from the photos, that I just had to try it. Mac N' Cheese, as simple of a meal that we eat as children, has become much more sophisticated as an adult. First of all, you've got to put the right type of cheese in it to make it really tasty. I have no idea what type of cheese it was, but it meshed with the pancetta so well, and then was sprinkled with something sweet, maybe a little bit of cinnamon, but it was quite tasty. The potato salad was more so a German potato salad, so vinegary and not so mayonnaisesque with some sort of pickled something rather. I'm having a difficult time articulating it, but it was so good...and was my favorite of the two sides. This coming from a guy that doesn't particularly care for potato salad! 
Okay...to the Gambino. Salami cotto, sopressata, coppa + fresh herb vinaigrette. Those are some high-quality meats (as they should be at a BUTCHER!), but you can just tell when you're eating good meats. It had a little bit of olive oil on it to help wash it down. It also came with some house-made "chips", which were okay, but not really anything to comment about. They did help break up the flavor of the sandwich, but other then that nothing special. 
The service was quite good too. My wife, who knows her wine, asked some pretty involved questions about their available wines to find just the right one. The waiter knew a fair amount and when he realized a sample might solve the dilemma, he offered, and she found just what she was looking for.  I had a a local Louisiana beer that I had never had before and I think there's a good reason it's only offered locally. It was not good. When our waiter asked how the beer was, I answered honestly that it was terrible, and he said, why not pick out a different one, and we'll take this one back. That was a stand-up restaurant. So, I switched to a Mississippi Pecan-infused beer which was tasty and much more of what i was looking for. 
So, this place gets 5 stars in my book for a multitude of reasons. The service was great, the food was even better, and it was aesthetically pleasing inside. I will be back the next time I'm in town and if you get a chance you should check this place out. There's a reason that it's getting 4 1/2 stars from 250 + people.Great sandwich shop in NOLA. Stepped up to the counter, ordered my pastrami on rye with a side of Mac-n-Cheese. Took my number and sat at the bar where the bartender introduced me to two local beers. Both very tasty. Sandwich arrived and the Mac-n-Cheese was creamy and hot! Perfect. Love the decorations around the bar, including Vader, Superman, Yoda, and Rock-Em Sock-Em robots. Definitely on my list of places to eat in New Orleans.I came here once two years ago, and I am giving it five stars because my boyfriend and I keep talking about how great it was. Tried their bacon Mac n' Cheese and it was delicious. I had a vegetarian sandwich that was good too. I loved their home made duck sauce and we took some home with us. Wish I could go back to it again and eat some more of their great food.I came three days in a row..... so good. SO GOOD.
If you are here. eat here. 
brussel sprouts = amazing. turkey sandwich = amazing. even the chocolate chip cookies... amazing!Go here. Get the pimento slider, and the pig mac. Do not leave here without having le pig mac. And then be so so very happy 
Also, the staff here is great and super friendly. They helped me track down my cell phone that I left at a music venue, called and had the employee there hold it for me until I got back there to claim it.This is such a great "date night" restaurant!! I wanted cocktails and good food and that EXACTLY what I got. Within minutes of arriving we were seated at the bar, per my request. Our appetizer came out right after our drinks were served. The food here is fresh and hot. I got a Rockin Rebal drink off the drink list, hubs got a sweet tea cause he's the DD. We started with marinated Brussel sprouts, they were so delicious!!! We both ordered sandwiches, he got the Muffaletta and I got a cubano. We are from NOLA so you know a good muffaletta when you get one and my husband said this was a good choice. I was also pretty pleased with my sandwich too. 
We had quick friendly professional service with excellent food! We will definitely be going back for more!Great place and atmosphere. The food was outstanding. This place is a jewel, the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because seating was a bit rough. Packed out and I had a party of 5, so it's also understandable.Not bad but not great. Different that the usual N.O. spots and very "Portlandy", so it's worth giving it a shot. Their hot sauces were excellent as was the service. Pass on the potato chips but not on the smoked duck slider!One of my favorite meals during my visit to NOLA. The quality of the ingredients really makes this experience one of a kind. Split the Gambino and Le Pig Mac. Both were delicious! Potato salad and mac n cheese were perfect accompaniments. Our friends ordered the charcuterie plate, which was also tasty. Perfect lunch spot!Sandwiches are awesome! Mac and cheese may be the best Mac and cheese we have ever had. Not a lot of seating.Best food in NOLA hands down.
I had high expectations for NOLA food but I was slightly disappointed until I came across Cochon Butcher. I mean all those great reviews are there for a reason right?
I don't really remember what I got but everything was extremely delicious. It was hands down the best food I ate in NOLA and I'm so glad it was my last meal in NOLA. If I ever come back I'm definitely hitting up this place first. The staff here was amazing and the food was prepared super quickly. Everything was seasoned perfectly and the atmosphere was lively! 
There was a convention going on in the area so it was a bit crowded. My tip is to come here early on a weekend to avoid the lines. But the food is soooooo worth the wait!It's alright I guess... got confused with Cochon and Cochon Butcher! No option for us chickenatarions. The  muffelata was mediocre at best. The macaroni and cheese was bad.I'm a tourist and this spot was my absolute favorite place when we visited. I still think about their sandwiches and how perfect they were. I'm going back in 2 weeks and this at the top of my list on places to eat. I can't wait.Absolutely delicious. Fresh ingredients, cool atmosphere and mastery of butchery/cooking equals amazing!!! #jamesbeardwinners #foodie #nolaOh my gosh, I did not know pork could taste this succulent and incredible until I sunk my teeth into their sandwiches. My favorite was the pork belly sandwich but they were all incredible. Be prepared to go there as soon as they're opened or you'll be waiting in line and fighting with others for a table. This place is a must to visit if you're ever in the New Orleans area.Great food! It once was a teeny tiny place, but was always overcrowded (with locals). They expanded and guess what? The crowd followed and it's still overcrowded. 
Great quality food, but lots of tourists know about this place and more than once I've had to contend with people and their bulky luggage in the dining area, which has become a turn off. Best to go at off peak hours on a weekday nowadays because the lines can be VERY long otherwise. 
Now, the food! The duck pastrami! The Cuban sandwich! The Brussels sprouts! Mac n cheese! It is all delish and fun food. I only wish they had an even BIGGER space to improve the crowd issues (but I suspect like before the crowds would just increase).We went to breakfast/lunch here on our recent trip to New Orleans. The place was packed on a Sunday Morning, but the food came out quickly. Be prepared as you order at the counter and basically just find a spot to eat. The Pancetta Mac & Cheese was so good. My husband had the Muffeletta and said it was great.Stopped here after a visit to WWII Museum the place has expanded since my last trip. The service was great, we sat at the bar, had a glass of wine and our sandwiches were excellent. I had the Gambino and my husband had a bacon melt, we ate every last bite.....oh and marinated Brussel Sprouts. Perfect stop after the museum to recharge and grab a bite.It's been three weeks since visiting this restaurant and I'm still thinking about how great of an experience I had! I bought an apron as a souvenir and wear it every time I cook just to channel the greatness into me and then into my cooking.
The vibe at this joint feels so fresh! The service is excellent, food is fantastic, just absolutely worth a visit. So glad my good friend decided to have his bachelor party in NOLA. There is nothing like this place in California. Wish there was.
Literally, I dream of devouring a Le Pig Mac. It's so damn tasty! I reference a picture I took of the sandwich and imagine tasting it as I gaze at it for several minutes. Even the side of pickles that accompany it is freakin' awesome!
Believe you me, next time I'm in NOLA, a Le Pig Mac will get in my belly!So Butcher is a magical place.  I had the jalapeo sausage with mashed potatoes and some sort of delicious sauce.  I also took a bit of the Cuban sandwich, fried mac n cheese, Pig Mac and mac n cheese.  There was nothing that I ate, that did not make me taste buds throw a party in my mouth!  One of the top 5 meals I have eaten this year.  It is a definite place to eat in NOLA.The line was long, tables packed and it was worth every minute that we waited!  The food was excellent, potato chips rocked and service was great.   A must try for New Orleans.A must stop for anyone coming through Nola! I love this place for sandwiches and delicious pork products!Pork, pork, and other great food but pork. The Cuban sandwich with cilantro and jalapeo pure is just the risk mix of heat to add flavor but not too hot.After passing by the "Butcher" sign many times, we decided to give it a try. It was not what I was expecting, but delicious all the same. We arrived at 11:30 am and the place was packed. I immediately wanted to leave, but the guys with me were hooked on the delicious smell. We ordered the roast beef sandwich, Le Pig Mac and the pulled pork. We also ordered the Mac-n-cheese and homemade chips. The horseradish on the roast beef was amazing!  My son's Le Pig Mac has guaranteed he will visit his mom more often. I admit, it was my favorite. The Mac-N-Cheese was perfect...not too runny. Next time I am trying the pimento cheese slider!!  The crowd was a bit much and seating is a pain mainly because people don't wait their turn and instead send friends to 'save a table' way before they need it.  We definitely will return...next time at night when they open the garage style door so we can enjoy a little outdoor diningThis place is legit delicious! Everything we had was wonderful, not a great selection for kids but they were happy with the ham and cheese stuffed pretzel. Got the Moroccan spiced lamb, and it did not disappoint!!I wanted to really like this place but wasn't worth all the hype. It could've been what we ordered but I definitely want to come back to try more off the menu. Had the boudin and head cheese to start the meal. They ran out of duck pastrami sliders so we opted for the pastrami sandwich with a side of mac n cheese instead. We also split the le pig sandwich with side of brussel sprouts. The small plates were good for something to wet your palate. The mac n cheese and brussel sprouts were equally good as sides. The brussel sprouts cuts the richness in the mac n cheese. As for the sandwiches, the pastrami was the winner. Crispy toasted bread with pastrami that isn't masked by a whole bunch of sauerkraut. Something about the pork patties on the le pig did not sit well with me. It was really heavy and messy. Its overall a cute casual place to get you away from the French quarter.The Cochon Muffaletta here is excellent.  I'm honestly not sure what type of meats were in this sandwich, but there were at least three different types.  There was a salami on the top, but it did not taste like any ordinary salami, it had a strong spiced quality, but not spicy per se, flavorful but not too salty.  The middle layer was my favorite, a smoky  meat that looked on appearance like a roast beef, but was actually crispy, and that almost added a bacon-like crunch quality to the sandwich.  The bottom layer of meat  resembled a different entity altogether, more of like ham, also with a nice subtle flavor that mixed well with the cheese directly below.  Mind you I still don't know what those "house meats" in the sandwich were, so theres my trouble.  In a way, it was almost like getting a club sandwich in that there were three meats.  Regardless the rest of the sandwich complemented the meats well, including the olive salad and bread, which was nice and crispy on the outside, but so soft on the inside with the olive salad just melting into the breads interior.  All in all, a very well put together sandwich.I have yet to eat anything here that I don't like. The food... all of it, meat, cheese, pickles, etc... is all amazing! 
I normally come at lunch because I work nearby. Even if the line seems long, it moves quickly, the food comes out quickly, and tables turn over quickly. I've worked my way through the menu and stand by the BLT being the best I've ever had. It's classic and delicious, not too gourmet or fancy. Butcher's bacon is killer. My favorite side is the brussel sprouts, but the mac and cheese is great on a chilly evening. Other faves are le Pig Mac, pulled park sandwich, and briscuit sliders. Get everything with the pickles piled on!
The bar is equally impressive for cocktail sippers and beer drinkers alike. The tap rotation changes up just enough to keep it interesting. 
Pro tip: Pay the meter when you park on the street! Even if you're just running in for a quick stop, the meter maids are hawks around there!OMG.  The Buckboard Bacon Melt.  White bread, bacon, collard greens.  This sammie was AWESOME!  The muffaletta was also killer.  Butcher has tables to hang out and eat then you can buy some sausage, ham, bacon or even a jar of chow-chow to take home.  This place is a no-fail choice for lunch.  Get there a little early as the secret is out.While at a conference in NOLA i made sure to stop by cochon butcher.... it seems that everyone had the same idea because by the time I got there the line to order was out the door and almost reached the corner!!! I automatically took this as a good sign that it must be worth the wait. 
The atmosphere of the place was great!! Very modern gastro-pub atmosphere that is really popular right now. Needless to say, to find a table for a party of 12 was basically impossible. We managed to split in two groups while some of us sat at the bar the rest found a table to share. The food was delivered very promptly and with good presentation. I had the pork belly sandwich and the mac and cheese. Both were fantastic! The pork belly sandwich was so light and refreshing (and filling) with the cucumbers... I found that it was such a different approach to the other pork belly sandwiches I've tried. In my eyes, mac and cheese is sort of a staple dish!! It's very hard not to like mac and cheese and this one certainly did not disappoint. 
Overall, this was a great place and I'm so glad that I decided to wait out the seemingly never ending line.I had the Cubana pork sandwich.  Delicious.  Very busy at 2pm but worth the 10 minute wait.A must stop in NOLA. Incredible sandwiches, staff and beverages. Between the 3 of us, we had 4 sandwiches and everything was awesome.  Highly recommend!Stopped by here to grab a bite to eat since we had an hour to spare before heading to the airport.  I got the Moroccan spice lamb with a side of coleslaw.  I love Mediterranean food....this sandwich was perfectly balanced and so yums, leaving me wanting more!  My sister and cousin got the muffuletta and they absolutely loved it.  Their key lime pie is good as well!Love the concept.  I wish I was local so I could bring home some of the cured meats.  Oh they had foie gras butter at $6/oz.  Drool.
Service - Fast, efficient and friendly.
Location - A 5 minute cab ride from Harrah's.  
Decor - Stark, very clean.  Not very many tables though.
Wait - None.
Price - Average
Food - Good, but everything was very creamy or rich.  Everything came with homemade potato chips and a cold/semi vinegary grilled jalapeno.  Do put Habanero Sweet Potato Sauce on everything!
1. Cuban Sandwich - My favorite here.  Good texture and flavors.  A bit garlicky.
2. Meatloaf Sandwich - Open face with gravy.  Didnt' taste but friend raved about it.
3. Duck Sliders - The duck coupled with the cheese made for a really rich dish.  Very small portion, size of a regular sandwich bread cut in four.
4. Pork Belly Sandwich - Pork belly meat was moist although I wish it was seasoned bettered.  Love the mint and cucumber.  Too much sauce. 
Note: They hadn't made truffle mac-n-cheese there in a long time so disregard any reviews here.Food was delicious and the menu is thoughtful. However, a bit overpriced. That's not why they're getting one star, however. After leaving New Orleans after eating there on Saturday, 3 of the 5 people in my party were hit with fraudulent charges on their credit cards. That's a big inconvenience for non-NOLA natives on vacation. I am happy to have been in the 2 of 5 who paid with cash. 
I'm sure this goes without saying, but I won't be dining there again.Every dish we had was prepared to perfection.  Starting with home made chips, to the mac and cheese, muffuletta (best in NOLA), pig mac, pimento grilled cheese, and some great local beers to wash it down.  Despite the crowd when we arrived, we found seating for five and had food coming to the table almost as soon as we sat down.I had heard the Muffuletta was wonderful and I had to try it.
It is huge and I recommend you split it with a girlfriend.  
The sides (chips) are lacking.  The need a kick of something. 
My first Muffuletta was to-go and it was AMAZING.  I was disappointed because it was something close to $12 for just the sandwich.  The meat is made in house and tastey. The meat has a floral undertone sweet yet savery.  Instead of the normal live spread they use a chow-chow with repeats the tart sweet of the meet.  
My second Mufalatta was not as good as the first and I most likely will try it again but with hesitation.  I tried  the pork belly, which i should have realized that because of the cut, was greasy.  The grease left me with indigestion.  I really want to love this place because the do so much in house if you look above the prep area you can see the meats aging.  I hope the sulfites are enough to inhibit hazardous microbes.  
The staff always seems to be too busy. The service is poor.  Every time I go in I catch the cooks/chefs or staff eating in the preparation area.  Last time I went in the cooks was slicing all the daily ready-to-eat meats with his bare hands. I have yet to see a staff member wash their hands. I been a peek in the kitchen would reveal oodles moreFavorite in NOLA. Mac and cheese is worth the trip.This was one of the best meal I had in New Orleans. The sandwich was amazingly delicious. It was a good size sandwich with a lot of flavored. The pickles on the side was pickled and crunchy. I would definitely come back here to eat over and over again. The service was great as well. It was definitely packed and busy given a Monday at 11. But I'm not surprise considering how good it isOur party of 8 sought this destination deli out for their muffaletta sandwiches.  Although the food was spectacular, our server Marla left much to be desired in the service department.  She was short, rude, and seemed to have a severe predisposition leaning towards the response of "no" and " we're out of that".  Other servers were far more helpful, and I would recommend this destination thoroughly...IF you can avoid this particular employee.  
Note, our date of service was lunch Friday, August 5th 2012 (Lunch)Excellent quality charcuterie platter, pimento and brisket sliders. I highly recommend.  Everything was well seasoned and delicious.Awesome food and can't wait to go back to eat there phenomenal selection of items. A must for anybody who visits New Orleans.  I would drive 4 hours just to eat there again.Great atmosphere and a dynamic menu.  Wish I got more food for the money.I had:  Pork Belly Sandwich + Duck Slider
Food - Ineffable
- This was definitely the best pork belly sandwich I had ever had.  The star anis flavor dripping out of it onto my fingers is something I will never forget.  
- The duck sliders were worth getting, but I definitely would go there for the Pork Belly Sandwich
Service + Environment - Good
- Fast paced service, not much to describe about service because it's a quick order and serve.  Environment was casual.
I would highly recommend a meal here if you're in NoLa.BBQ pulled pork sandwich was tasty, although I'm not a huge fan of NC style sauce. The accompanying potato salad had an overwhelming amount of dijon and onion.  I didnt eat much of it. 
I'll be back to try some other delicious sandwiches!arrived late on a Saturday night - no line, and found a table quickly. If you're in a group, it could be hard for everyone to sit together.
Hits - atmosphere is great, amazing waiter, rose is cheap, potato salad was perfect, pickles, muffaletta (sp), - yea!!! Perfect dinner off the French Quarter.
Miss - not much!  maybe having the counter staff be  proactive about the line? If you're standing in line and there is are multiple open cashier/register, usually the counter staff can prompt "next in line" - but it turned into this weird exchange of "are you open" " No? yes?" Simple fix, but it all works smoothly. Instead,  customers are just standing in line staring down counter staff wondering "are they open? or doing something else?"OK this is a memorable place in NOLA!  From the sandwiches to the meats sold on the market side, I would definitely go back again.
The Muffaletta was amazing!  The meat were high level and there was more meat than olive.  The bread was spot on and not dense and dry.
The Gambino also had a lot of Italian Meats that were cured in house.  It was amazing!  The meat was so flavorful!
The pastrami was ok, but after eating at Katz's Deli, it was forgettable.  
The pork belly sandwich with cucumber was really good.  The pork was juicy and moist.
Finally, the Peanut Butter Pie was outstanding!  It had a great combination of peanut butter to crust, to cream.
This is possibly the best collection of sandwiches on Earth!Excellent food and service! Amazing meat, grits, wine, cheese and desserts. Would recommend it to anyone!LOVE this place!! Amazing sandwiches, and their sweet potato habanero sauce...perfection!!Wow! Cochon Butcher is where I had my first ever muffuletta, and it blew me away.  I'm pretty sure I'm now ruined for all other muffulettas which is fine by me.  Everything about the sandwich was incredibly high quality. We also ordered the brussels sprouts which were amazing as well. They had a great spice to them that made them absolutely delicious. I will definitely be back on our next trip to try more of the menu!Cool place. We had le pig Mac which is their twist of Big Mac. It was good nothing crazy. it taste just like Big Mac but with pork patties so the texture was little different. We also had carrot cake and some pie with pineapple can't remember the name but they were soooo good!Went to "The Butcher" for lunch with my family while visiting New Orleans this weekend.
The food and the service were awesome! Importantly, the staff was friendly and warm. I'll be back on the next trip to NOLA.We love ourselves some Sammies! The fresh case looked yummy. Tried the Cubano, yum. Tried the pastrami. We both liked it but thought a coleslaw or.some kind of sauce would have made it more unkshush! I'd definitely go back.I'm always a little disappointed when I come here. I love what they are doing and I love the concept. The menu items all sounds great, but I find the execution to be good not great. The bread could be improved for sure. Today I had the Carolina bbq sandwich - I guess when they say Carolina bbq they are referring to the way the meat is cooked and cut/ pulled apart - I wish they would have specified the specific region of the Caroline's so I could have better anticipated the sauce. I was hoping for a vinegar sauce (north Carolina) but got one with tomato in it. This is Carolina bbq sauce still, but there is so much variation within this type of bbq I just think they should get more specific on the menu. Sorry for the impassioned bbq classification rant. Anyway, the staff here is fantastic. As nice and as cool as they come and people who really love food.Best turkey sammich evar! A group of us found this place after the Running of the Bulls run last year. It has not become our tradition to stop here every year after the run to fill up the tummys and get out of the sun. The only sandwich I get is the turkey, but I have tried other friend's plates and their food is just as good. The staff is great and Chewbacca has your back in the men's bathroom...can't beat it!WOW.
Best sandwich shop ever.  They innovate and create masterful sandwiches.
Le Pig Mac is a must.  It's always packed and you will understand why.
Great neighborhood to explore to get out of the quarter... and amazing break from convention center activities.Came here after a year from visiting NOLA. Ordered crawfish and green tomato casserole, which was delicious. Pork cheek was slightly cold (which is the reason for 4 stars), but it was good. Smoked ham hock was interesting, I may prefer the traditional stable though. Very good over all. Worth the trip in hot weather.Type. . . . . . . . . . ..Meat Deli, Restaurant, Bar 
Location. . . . . . . .Good, downtown outskirts 
Prices. . . . . . . . . ..Medium to Higher 
Tap Selection. . . .Small 4-5, all local 
Bottle Selection. .10- random assortment 
Beer Level. . . . . ..Decent 
Food Level. . . . ...Very High 
Staff. . . . . . . . . . ..Friendly 
Noise Level. . . . ..Loud 
Dcor. . . . . . . . . ..Plain, Modern 
Good for Kids. . ..Sure 
Parking. . . . . . . ...None 
Cash Only. . . . . ..No 
Recommended. ..Yes 
Comments: Excellent food in a casual environment, top quality meats. Sandwiches were amazing. Everyone loved their food. Beer selection included Parish, Nola, and Bayou Teche. Decently fresh Nola IPA served in a normal conical pint. No real table service, more like a grab a number and sit down. Lots of fun. Amount of real local beer of interest was the same as d.b.a. minus the cover charge and formal ambiance. Recommended for lunch and dinner. Also has a deli with meat, sausage, cheese to go.It's possible that they would have received 4 stars from me if it hadn't been for the huge hype that was built for me before I actually went there. I was disappointed, since many Yelpers swear by this place. I got the pancetta mac n cheese to share, and though it was good, it wasn't mind blowing. And it was expensive, $6 for a tiny serving. I also got the Pork Belly sandwich, which was served was kettle chips. It was also good, but once again, not mind blowing. It's a quaint place that serves simple bar food, sandwiches, and beer.Great nosh if you're afoot in the Warehouse District.  Perfect after taking in the WWII Museum.  Menu changes seasonally, but everything we've had (twice) has been great.  Quick eats.  Kid friendly.  Decent prices.  Even though there are so many places to eat here in NOLA, I'd still come back.Awesome food, sweets, and staff!!! I was told by multiple people to check this place out, and I was not disappointed!  
TIP!!! Make sure you go to Cochon BUTCHER, and not Cochon. They're two different places, but owned by the same people! It sounds silly, I know, but if you're a dope like me, this should help! We got dropped off at Cochon, went inside thinking that Cochon and Cochon butcher were the same thing, but we were WRONG! So we got seated, looked at the menu, and realized we were I. The wrong place! We asked our waiter about Cochon Butcher, and she said that they get confused foodies coming in all day, so we were free to leave! If you find yourself at Cochon, just walk a couple of feet down the street, and you'll see a little sign that says, "Butcher." 
When we walked into Cochon Butcher, we were instantly greeted by the staff! There was about to other couples in front of my group of friends and I, but it wasn't a long wait. The dining area, however, was super packed!!! no seating in sight. Our cashier was super awesome and sweet! I didn't get her name, but she went over the whole menu with my boyfriend and I because we had no idea what to order! She also gave us these cute pins that said Cochon and some of them had a pig! 
I couldn't decide on what I wanted to eat, so I ordered about 7 different things (more or less) off of the menu; everything I ate was delicious! Their menu is mainly sandwich based, with sides and sweets. We ended up finding somewhere to sit, but my friends and I had to sit at 3 different tables; outside. The waiter/ food runner was so awesome! As soon as we sat down, he came out, brought Everyone water, and asked how we were doing. When he brought out my order, he seemed a little confused... probably because I ordered enough food for 5 people, lol! My favorite thing that I ordered was the Le Pig Mac! It was huge, yummy, and I got full off of half of it. I love pickles, and their homemade pickles were the bomb! I also ordered the boudin, and my boyfriend absolutely loved it! The only thing I didn't care much for was the pimento grilled cheese sliders. They were good, but it's not something I'd want to order again. Other than that, everything else was great! 
This is a great place to eat at if your meeting up with some friends for lunch! I will definitely be coming back when I visit NOLA again!On our recent trip to NOLA it seemed everyone was talking about this place!  Cabbies, bartenders, servers at other restaurants, the concierge at the hotel - all were raving about the sandwiches and vibe.  It seemed a perfect choice for our last lunch.
The space feels more like an upscale butcher shop when you walk in, with various raw and deli meats, cheeses, mustards, pickles and other yummy looking treats tempting the customers as they line up to order.  To the right are the tables and a bar, which we made a beeline for once we realized that you could just sit at the bar and order, skipping the lineup.  Couple minutes later we're enjoying a Terrapin Maggie and an Abita Amber.  
The boudin was good - but not being from New Orleans I think good is about as good as boudin blanc gets.  The mustard, though, was great, and we bought 3 jars to go.  
The pork belly was brilliant.  Fatty with bits of crispy and it all just melted in your mouth.  The mint was a nice and subtle layer, and the cucumbers kept it all interesting.  I want more.
The muffaletta was the only muffaletta we tried, and it was good.  The bun was nice, crusty and fluffy, with great quality cold cuts and a tasty olive spread.  Tip:  We saved half for later and to keep room for dessert - and it was even better the next day after the bread soaked up more of the olive-y goodness.
We finished with a piece of peanut butter pie that wasn't too sweet, and had a beautiful texture that got better as it tempered.  It made me very happy in the mouth.
We had great and friendly service at the bar, and all the food arrived quickly.  I don't really know why everyone wasn't at the bar instead of waiting in line.  
I totally understand all the buzz and great reviews.  It's that perfect kind of place where I wanted to try everything on the menu, and it's likely the first place I'll revisit if i find myself in NOLA again.We wanted a light meal and we went here.  Very good sandwiches and a nice casual setting.  We enjoyed it a lot and recommend.The food is pretty good. I got the Muffeleta and it was pretty tasty. I've never had anything like it.  I also tried their unique Americana Huckleberry soda--also not bad. It's hard to find a place to sit if you go in the later afternoon.  The decor is fun if you have nerdy side.Ok...if Alton Brown recommends a restaurant...listen...We came by for dinner and couldn't be happier...As someone who appreciates a good butcher shop, I can say without doubt this place is legit.....After I ordered my sandwich, and was seated...I kept ordering additional items, brussel sprouts, bacon pralines, hot sauce, bacon pralines to take back home, t shirts....This place is without a doubt a little slice of heaven.I. Love. This. Place. Great food. And love the atmosphere. It is a contemporary, cutting edge, urban-esque venue.   It has a meat market with custom meats and sausages available for purchase as well as some other non commercial canned products which is neat.  I had the Brussels sprouts which were marinated and sauted. Very delicious. And I had the sliders. Two smaller portions. Great taste! I will be back!I got the BLT and mac & cheese, both were nothing short of AMAZING.
The BLT was meat heavy (considering this IS a butcher shop) and the mac & cheese was spicy, I LOVED IT. Portion sizes are ideal and filling.Great food!! I had the muffuletta and the Mac and cheese, both to die for. Recommend for a lay back dinner without all the hassle.Out of all the places I went to--this one I will come back to. The service was delightful and the food was amazing. The vegetarian sandwich and the pink lady are my must haves!Pretty awesome. I don't usually eat carbs/pasta, but I had to try to the mac and cheese. OMG, this is the best I've ever had. Also tried the duck pastrami, which is like a little grilled cheese sandwich with a slice of duck pastrami (crusts cut off). Very small little thing, but tasty. But the mac and cheese was worth every calorie. It was very busy in there although if you waited it out I guess a table would eventually open up. Don't go with a large group and expect seating.Arugula?? So I am a sheltered soul and have never eaten arugula before. I asked one of the guys there what it was, he was friendly in telling me that it was spicy lettuce...whaddaya know, spicy lettuce...
I start with that because this is a pretty cool place to eat. My wife and I decided to try it after a conference and wanted something to eat without the fast food feel or the sit down heavy typical NOLA fare.  The BUTCHER hit the spot.  Cajun Hot Dog and BLT were ordered, along with sides of Mac n Cheese and Potato Salad. Best Mac N Cheese I've had since G'ma Gracie passed away! The sandwiches were flavorful and the coke in the old timey bottle topped it off. The only drawback was the snooty bartendress in the boy scout shirt that was offended that I asked for a refill of my water. Oh well, the food and service outside of that were outstanding.  While not a BBQ place, it creeps right up to the edge and has some great personality!  Definitely a place I would recommend in NOLA for a quick bite!As wonderful as other reviews have stated. Best pastrami sandwich ever! Gambino is a great Italian sandwich, worth the wait, but try to go off-peak so you can get a seat and enjoy. If you are there at typical lunchtime, it will be full of businesspeople and conventioneers. Close to hotels in the warehouse district. Good for take-out or after a trip to museums.Expensive as ish, but is definitely one of my favorite sandwich places in the city.  Gambino is hard to beat and their boudin is bombastic.If I could put 10 points for the food, service and atmosphere in this place, then I will put 10++++!!! 
The food is freshly cooked and sooo amazingly delicious! Their backed oysters melted in my mouth! The gumbo was the best I have ever had! And the short rib with grits was spectacular! 
Thank you, guys, for a food heaven on Earth!Was not impressed,  I had a braised pork belly on arugula salad with grilled squash.  The pork belly was thin strips of belly fat with very little belly meat. The fat had great texture but was essentially tasteless. The squash was hard and dehydrated(overcooked). The vinaigrette was good. I also had BBQ oysters the sauce was very good but the oysters did no taste the freshest that I had in NOLA. My wife had a fried oyster sandwich on flat bread toast.  The toasted bread was of course hard with the deep fried oysters.  The sandwich was difficult to eat as the bread did not the fried oysters from falling out. The sauce was good. I figured with the reviews this would be a restaurant that no matter what one orders, it will be good.went for lunch and the cold roast beef sandwich was to die for! the pickles- the coleslaw dressing., delicious... a definite MUST if you are visiting N'awlins!A little disappointed. Tried pork belly sandwich and Mac and cheese. I think the food here is overpriced for the quality of the food. Overall, Decent food not great as advertised on here. I have had better sandwiches with half the price. Maybe next time I'll try another sandwich.Get here during off times or be prepared to wait( worth the wait)! 
Cochon Butcher is an absolute must! Between the charcuterie, sandwiches (while limited, they do all of these extremely well), cocktails, and overall atmosphere, Cochon has become a staple of any visit. The staff was friendly, service was quick, and food was phenomenal (as in I am already craving a return visit). While a bit off the beaten path, a nearby biergarten and quick walk from the water, along with just overall great food helps make Cochon a fantastic lunch/snack spot.Tried the charcuterie board and the Gambino.
The Gambino is a sandwich packed with deli meats with lettuce. It was pretty good!
The charcuterie board had five different meats on it, but the crackers they provided with it did not go well with the meats. I would reccomend providing bread instead, sourdough or brioche would go well with the meats.Really cool spot. Delicious sandwiches and the Mac and cheese was bomb. Loved the drink selection and the bacon pralines. Glad we tried this place out when we were in NoLa. Order at the counter and find a tableA don't-miss spot. Tough to get a table on a weekend. No reservations. But people move through quickly so something usually opens up. All of the sandwiches were amazing. The hot dog as well. The Elvis king cake (w peanut butter and banana) is an acquired taste, but worth trying.Cochon Butcher reminds me a lot of Bunk Sandwiches in my hometown of Portland, Oregon. Sandwiches with a little twist, made from high quality ingredients.
Highlights include the duck pastrami sliders, the richly indulgent pork belly on white, and of course, the lauded muffuletta.
The Brussels sprouts are a bit spendy, but are lick-the-bowl worthy. My kids loved the mac n cheese, but they are kids, so I think they love all mac n cheese.
Naturally, I must mention the peanut butter pie. It's ridiculously good and a light fluffy alternative to overly sweet desserts. 
Extra points for the awesome to-go packing job Butcher did for our family for Krewe of Boo!Had the backboard bacon melt and a side of pancetta Mac n' cheese...holy NOLA!  
The backboard bacon melt was served steaming hot.  The heat of the crispy grilled sandwich, with tender, thin-sliced bacon, spicy greens and gooey cheese combined with a glass of hoppy Mecha Hopzilla to wash it down and some loud, eclectic tunes on the house system really got the endorphins going.
The creamy pancetta Mac n' cheese was topped with a light dusting of bread crumbs - just incredible! 
Gotta come back for more of their offerings while I'm in town.Cochon Muffaletta with Mac-n-Cheese and Lemonade....Super Delicious!!! Love that my entire meal was housemade. Everything I ate was quality and worth the price. Bar is cool, good tunes, and I love the Star Wars decor. Staff is friendly and my food was served up quick. Cochon Butcher serves up amazing eats!This place is WONDERFUL. We had a late dinner there. It was kind of expensive but it was well worth it. Every dish comes with homemade pickles. I had the gambino. The bread was pretty tough and kind of scratched my mouth but other than that it was a pretty tasty sandwich! My fiance had the BBQ Pork sandwich. He really liked it, it was gone within minutes! I also had The Rockin Rebel cocktail & he had the ginger soul cocktail. Mine was good, but strong, and it was mostly ice. He really liked his and it made him want to drink ginger cocktails for the rest of our trip! 
Handy tip, if you're going to the WW2 Museum, park in one of their parking lots, pay for the day and walk 2 blocks to here or anywhere around this area. Everywhere around it is good!this place is the best. just the best. every sandwich is stellar, and on all my trips there the staff has been consistently funny and charming. i only wish i went more often!This place was a little off the beaten path...and we accidentally went to Cochon on accident, but it seemed like that happens a lot. It's a chill little place where you order at the counter, and they bring the food out to you. The Mac n cheese was pretty solid...but the BBQ pork was awesome!! The potato salad was good...but a little bitey with the mustard and possibly horseradish?...but still good. I would gladly try some of their other stuff. All in all a solid choice!Some places are good and become popular and then attract tourists and sell t-shirts. (think Uglisch's)  And some places are designed from the git-go to attract stupid hipsters and tourists and sell them t-shirts - and that is Cochon Butcher.  I Hate Hate Hate this place, almost as much as Cochon (see my review).   
Cochon prides itself on home crafted meats.  Let me first say that home-made does not necessarily mean better, or even good.   Think about it -- generations of Italians, for example, have made mortadella for hundreds of years -- how can an upstart chef come even close after a few years of school and a few european internships.
Thinking I could get a high end version, I order a muff, which comes on a 6-7" round loaf and in terms of volume, cost at least twice as much as anywhere else.    After I was unimpresed with half of it, I pulled it apart to individually taste the house made meats.    They would have done better buying a good imported brand.  And I have never seen pistachios (legit in Mortadella) in the meat in a muff.  
It was the day the T-P ran an article on "mini' king cakes, and CB was selling them like hotcakes -- for $7.50 a pop (the size of a honeybun).  LIke I said -- it is for stupid tourists.Totally great!  Kind of off the beaten path which made it even better...out of the hustle and bustle of the French quarter.  
Got the smoked turkey, Carolina pork and Mac and cheese.  The turkey came on the most awesome bread with avocado tomatoes and a great, flavorful aioli.  Even my picky eater enjoyed the turkey.  The pork comes on a bun topped with a wonderful coleslaw.  The pork was very flavorful with a kick and the slaw helped offset the spice.  Brilliant!  
We got some chips and cookies too.  The chips are homemade and some of the best chips you've ever had.  The cookies are all housemate as well and were really good.  
Very casual atmosphere.  They have a butcher counter where you can purchase items to take away and make at home.  Dessert counter looked great too.  I would totally recommend this place to anyone!This hidden gem is a MUST if you are in New Orleans.  A true butcher shop, there was actually a freshly slaughtered pig in the back I caught of glimpse (and they let me take a picture too!).  It doesn't get any fresher than that!  Pork belly sandwich and Mac n Cheese are both melt in your mouth deliciousness.  But everything on the menu looked amazing!   I'm sure anything you order there would be amazing.  Just do it, you will not regret it.Super hipster and super cool small spot. We ordered the Muffuletta and it was pretty good - it was just a bit too sour for my taste buds, but the bread and meats were great.Great place, great atmosphere. There was a line out the door when I arrived, but it moved pretty quickly. We got our sandwiches to go, and received or bags within 5 minutes, which was awesome. I got a gambino with a side of coleslaw. The gambino was very tasty and layered with meat. The coleslaw was good as well.I'm one of those people who gets obsessed with a certain thing at a restaurant and although I have noble intentions to try something new, I can never seem to do it. That's how I am with Cochon's Cubano sandwich. Warm, melty cheese, panini-pressed bread, ham, and just enough of a kick for me. 
I've had bites of a few other things on the menu like the mac & cheese and the pork belly sandwich, which are both also excellent, and I enjoy their selection of local beers on tap as well. 
The casual atmosphere, helpful staff, and presence of deli counter where you can buy cold cuts (also perfect!) to go are the icing on the cake.Sandwiches done right in a butcher shop atmosphere. Le Pig Mac is a small bite, but cooked beautifully and extremely tasty. The Pastrami sandwich is another winner in this open concept, casual restaurant. Order at the desk and pick your table; post your number and your order is delivered. Very close proximity to both the National World War II Museum and the Ogden Museum of Southern Art.On my adventures through NOLA I came across the most crunchy, juicy, savory, explosions of different meat tastes in your mouth Cchon Muffaletta! This place is super hip. Can't go wrong with their Star wars decorations. Definitely a must if you're in NOLA.Wow ... Duck pastrami slider and a muffaletta ... Great food, lots of energy, quick service. A great experience.Great restaurant and great food.  You will pay for it.  I like that New Orleans has equally good food in more low-key, less costly type places. This is a great place to take people from out of town. Convention people like it. It is an excellent restaurant near the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in the Warehouse District of New Orleans. It features some interesting takes of South Louisiana culinary.Have eaten here twice in two days.  Has oyster, bacon tomato sandwich one best sandwich ever.  Had meat pies that were awesome.  Both times staff great, sat at chef bar and they brought great extra food.  Cannot say enough good things, great experience and food.Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Seriously no place like it on earth. Highly recommend. HIGHLY! Seating and ordering rotation is like a science and it's working flawlessly!Muffuletta was absolutely delicious.  Got the mac and cheese as a side...very savory and rich.  There was infusion of mushroom and pork (maybe bacon?) that made that mac and cheese that much better.  If I knew about this place earlier in my trip, I would have gone back multiple times.i LOVE this place!!! the meats are excellent and the sandwiches are even better. i ordered brussel sprouts expecting your typical fried or roasted brussel sprouts and found myself with a bowl of kimchee brussels which were hella damn good. (yes, "hella" for people reading this in New Orleans...i'm from northern california!). the mac n cheese was killer with hefty chunks of bacon. but  surprisingly what made me fall madly in love with Cochon Butcher was their peanut butter and jelly cookies. i got one thinking it was interesting and upon first bite i got right back in line to get a couple for the airplane ride home. so moist and overly buttery. love love this place!I wish I lived closer to this place! I had the muffulatta - one of the best sandwiches i've ever had! I don't like olives so I was a bit hesitant but it was fantastic. My husband had the pork belly sandwich and as most others have described - it was extremely tasty. We also ordered the mac n cheese - pretty good but not the best i've had. We will definitely be going back next time we are in town!