There isn't a more reliable spot for an excellent lunch in this pork-centric spot.  Terrific!Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Thank you, Cochon. My husband and I agreed that we have only two regrets related to our meal at Cochon: 1) We didn't have enough stomach capacity for dessert, and 2) Every other meal in 2017 will suck compared to that amazingness. 
We had: Bread, wood-fired oysters, blue crab rice, cucumber and herbs, ribs, Louisiana Cochon, Mac and cheese, and twice baked potato. Every single thing - ALL of it - was incredible. I would recommend it all, but especially the oysters, ribs, and Mac and cheese. 
So, so happy!!! Go to Cochon. You won't regret it.Une excellente adresse où tous les produits sont frais et cuisinés.
Je recommande aussi le Butcher juste à côté.A great dinner place. We had no reservation and no wait eating here during the week. The food, cocktails, and service was spot on. We ordered the pork ribs, boudin balls, fried alligator and for dessert, the hummingbird cake. The pork ribs and boudin balls were my favorite of the night.
The hummingbird cake was on the dry side.I don't get why people come here. The food is salty and uninspired the servers are rude and slow. My friend got food poisoning, so we won't be giving it another shot. Just no.I have been to the CBD many times without checking out couchon, and once I did I felt stupid for not giving it a chance before. I normally regular at Woods for a cute nightcap and some dessert, but it was dead the other night so I took some friends across the street to Couchon, where there were more patrons. It was quite pleasant, we started off with a recommended drink, from our waiter, Terry. I had the lavender kisses cocktail, which has an odd name but was delicious. It was quite citrusy with a lavender aroma, and for my accompaniment food I ordered the ribs which were spicy, tender and full on the bone. I was a big fan of all of it. After trying a new drink, I decided to fall back on a favorite, White Russian, and order some dessert to go with my milky drink. The blueberry skillet pie, combined with the WR was to die for, the pairing was perfect. Service, food and drink were great. Bathrooms were a little unclean but the overall atmosphere makes up for such a trivial thingDuring my daughter's whirlwind 7 day stay, we hit a number of darned good eateries, Cochon ranks in the top three.
We hit this place early, between 5 and 6pm. No crowds. Though we felt like "early bird" diners, that did not extinguish our enthusiasm.
The restaurant's decor is excellent. Neat, clean lines.
The food was way above par. We shared fried rabbit livers appetizer. The pepper jelly was an excellent compliment, and it was served on small squares of toast which really accentuated the other ingredients. My kid opted for the Boucherie Plate as an entrée; and I went with the Oyster and Bacon Sandwich. Both were delicious.
Cochon also has an excellent drink menu and a fine selection of bourbons,whiskeys and scotches.
Great food and excellent service by the wait staff, makes this a restaurant that I will frequent.Good food, but had to sit outside, which sort of ruined the experience.
GET RESERVATIONS!!Good food. Friendly service. Refreshing ambiance. Went on a busy lunch time on a recent visit to NOLA. Place was packed so I gladly accepted offer to sit by the chef's counter. Not a bad decision as it turned out. You get entertained with the kitchen staff working their butts off in front of you. I had the fried liver and the Louisiana cochon. Both were excellent and filling. I can see myself coming back again on my return trip to NOLA.Seriously delicious!  The restaurant is filled with the aroma of tender smoked bacon....mmm be still my beating heart.
The pork cheeks were so tasty!  The ribs were tender and juicy!   The jalapeno sweetbread makes me want to hunt down the chef and attack him!  Ok...he totally deserves that James Beard award!
The decor is modern with touch of trendy eco-cool.  Green is the new black, right?
Seriously fine cuisine that'll knock the jambalaya off your socks!NO-CHON. All hype no substance.  First of all THE SERVICE SUCKS.  Give yourself plenty of time to eat because you will need to flag down the staff for everything.   
Ordered the salad with goat cheese, pumpkin and lots of other goodies.  It showed up lacking all the goodies, but lots of onions snuck in (not listed as an ingredient) and the remake never returned (finally told the waitress to just forget it).   The beef brisket is good but really fatty.  Yes, fat = flavor, but expected a leaner cut at these prices.  
The worst was a pork patty thing that tasted like a salt lick.  Inedible. 
I would not return.Food ok to decent, ridiculous policy of no separate checks prevents any recommendation for a group larger than 2.
It's the 21st Century and they won't do what was available since the adding machine 3as invented.Cochon provides a perfect example of a restaurant where you simply can not make up your mind because you will literally want to try everything on the menu. And this can be particularly vexing here because what they offer is largely heavy, country style food that will make you want to roll over and take a nap immediately once you finish a plate. I will say that I would have been happy ordering 3 plates of the wood-fired oysters and just calling it a day. Those were simply amazing. We also ordered the gator, the crawfish pie, a side of lima beans, and the rabbit and dumplings. The Rabbit with dumplings was a homerun dish as well. I really enjoyed the gator too, but the crawfish pie was not very interesting. We're visitors to New Orleans so I now understand that crawfish pie is kind of like street food here, but this was something that had intrigued me so much but then delivered so little. What I pictured in my mind and what arrived were far off so I'd say pass on this one. At the end of the day, we experienced some great food in a vibrant setting and I would love to go back.I got one word for you moonshine! The Catdaddy moonshine that they tastes like Christmas. The food is delicious we had fried boudin balls that were scrumptious. The fried rabbit liver was perfectly seasoned.  The pork checks were so tender. For dinner the oven roasted gulf fish was flaky with a perfect amount of lemon pepper taste. Service was a bit hurried for NOLA  so you should order apps than your dinner after you are finished with your apps. But seriously  try the moonshine. If you don't want to have it straight you should ask for a mixture welches grape soda and Virginia moonshine.Can I give this place 6 stars? There is absolutely nothing bad on the menu. Hell, there isn't even anything mediocre on the menu. Every.single.dish we tried was exceptional. It was so good, we went back the very next day.
As a Texan, it shames me to admit that the best ribs I've ever had were from Louisiana. The smoked pork ribs were...perfection. Just a little bit crispy with a wonderful sauce - vinegar based? Likewise, the fried liver, gumbo, mushroom salad, and smoked ham hock were all incredible. 
Service was friendly, affable and shockingly quick. Both days we went, Cochon was packed, yet all of our plates arrived minutes after we ordered. You won't get out of here inexpensively, but that's mostly because the menu seems to order itself. I found myself sounding like a child reciting their Christmas list to Santa; "I want this, and this, and this, and one of these..."
Just go to Cochon, it's incredible.Mmmmm.  Whilst the menu is quite limited, we were able to find interesting and delicious choices - the ham hock is sinfully unctuous, and the crab salad small but beautifully composed and flavorful.  Sides of greens and cucumber salad were tasty, and my husband devoured the pineapple upside down cake in about 10 seconds.  Service was fair - a bit disconnected until it came time for the check.  Still - one of our better restaurant choices in NOLA.Who knew that pig could be presented so deliciously in so many ways? Donald Link knew. And now I know, too.
Both times I've been here, my dining companion(s) and I have ordered a whole bunch of small plates and shared. The last meal went something like this: Collard greens (omfg, delicious). Fried alligator (lovely). Some rib dish (excellent). Shrimp and eggplant dressing (divine). Mac and cheese (yay). Broccoli and cheese casserole (eh). Butternut squash soup with pecan oil drizzle (perfection). Shrimp and corncakes (so good). 
I can't even remember our desserts, but I know we liked them. And the drinks were great at well. I had a boozy apple cider drink, we also had some kind of mojito that was great.
The bottom line: I love pork. I love Couchon.Had the pleasure of eating at Cochon last week and it was absolutely delicious. We ordered the fried livers with pepper jelly & toast, smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle, macaroni & cheese casserole, smothered greens, and smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. The mac & cheese is a must - do not miss out on this bowl of heaven. The smoked pork ribs were mouthwatering. The service was attentive and friendly. I would definitely recommend anyone looking for a memorable meal to stop in and try a meal at Cochon.What an amazing restaurant! As a visitor/tourist you definitely need to wait her know some one or do your research to find this gem! Possibly one of the best atmospheres to eat of the whole trip! Very modern and appealing to a crowd in their 20-40s looking for a great vibe and a great meal!
Unfortunately, after a late lunch, and wising up on not filling up before a night of drinking...we chose to order appetizers for the table. I believe we ordered almost every one (including 2 Mac and Cheeses) which were all EXCELLENT!!
I would come back and recommend to any one I know visiting in the future!!!We were looking for someplace for lunch while at a convention.  Checking Yelp, we saw this place.  What an amazing treat.  The place was packed so we ate at the bar.  The Bartender had an excellent knowledge of the menu as well as being an incredible bartender.  I had the redfish served "Fisherman's Style" (on the half shell) and my business associate had the fried oyster sandwich.  Both were unbelievably good!  The decor and atmosphere here were also awesome.  
Another word about the bartender.  No glass left the bar without being checked for water spots.  Service was perfect and his knowledge of all things in the spirit world was fantastic.  
I won't ever miss this place on a visit to New Orleans.  You shouldn't either!  But, make a reservation!So much fun here! Pork shoulder was so great, the pork rinds on top were an unexpected treat! The waitresses were super attentive and the chocolate cake was sooooo good! Thanks to the staff for the glass of milk!This is the restaurant that I was waiting to uncover in New Orleans.  I know that all food is slow food when it comes to this leisurely town, but I wanted Slow Food.  If you are like me, a die-hard fan of the pig, then you will be overjoyed by Cochon.  It's a little on the spendy side, but not bad for this caliber of cuisine.  The interior is lovely, perfect to impress a date, go out for dinner with friends, or even for business lunch.  I love the charcutterie and the ribs with pickled watermelon.Cochon was delicious. I had the Louisiana Cochon. It was very tender. The greens were good but the best were the oysters. They had a spicy sauce on them making them unlike I've had before.  It was great. The atmosphere was perfect. Very lively and fun.We were told by two trusted folks to "just get the appetizers" - and we did. It was incredible. The mushroom salad with fried beef jerky was very interesting - the mushrooms were razor thin and required an insane amount of preparation. The fried chicken livers with pepper jelly and herbs on croquettes were just perfect, but this is a classic snack. The "boucherie" cured pork that included pickled green tomatoes, head cheese, and a pork and fig terrine was so much it was hard to finish. The piece de resistance though was the braised pork cheeks country captain with raisins and almonds - completely blew my mind. It was perfect.Our last night in New Orleans was ruined by Cochon .
This place came highly recommended and I don't see why . We ate at commanders palace last night , and that place lives up to the hype. Cochon was the opposite . 
Service was one star 
Our waitress, man , no greeting , no smile, no nothing...
Asked for a sample of soup as it sounded like it could be really good or really bad, Sorry , we can't but I will ask.
She never gave us a answer , just decided to skip it.
Ordered all of our food at once , and everything came at once , over a hour later , 
Entrees were set down , then appetizers , then their complimentary bread , then our salads .
I guess they don't Believe in spacing things out ,
Food was  meh 
Ordered desserts for some sort of redemption ,
But those too were sub par. 
I would skip this place and hit up all the others that will deliver to your expectations. 
I guess when they find out your not a local ,
They don't give a shit .I was deeply disappointed in this restaurant. I am a huge fan of pork so this came as a surprise! We tried the wood-fired oyster (OK), fried alligator with chili garlic aioli (good), Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins (not impressed at all), and twice-baked stuffed potato (meh).
The restaurant was busy and our waitress had her hands full. They forgot about my potato and we had to chase down our bill.This is one of the best meals I have EVER eaten!  Paneed pork cheeks with Creole cream cheese grits and dried figs.  There wasn't enough bread to sop up my plate!Went here by recommendation and reservations are the way to go. It was quite busy and moderately loud. The servers were certainly hustling and were as attentive as to be expected during such a busy dinner rush. We sampled a bunch of plates and REALLY enjoyed them all: butternut squash soup (of the day) with chili cream, spicy herb cucumber with vinegar, smoked pork ribs, meat pie (the most flavorful I have ever tasted), and mac n' cheese. They were all so tasty and actually worked really well together. All in all a super tasty meal and positive experience.Literally one of the best meals of my life. Recommended to us by a local uber driver. No reservation on a Thursday evening at 8pm, we had an hour wait. Full restaurant, great ambiance. I had soup of the day, and my husband the Cochon. Both were excellent. I was not expecting a soup to have me so thrilled for a meal! Portions on the smaller side. The only slight disappointment of our experience was our distracted and unattentive waiter. All else wonderful.We got Cochon and Cochon Butcher mixed up, but decided to stick it out at Cochon because it smelled amazing. This was a mistake. We should have walked right out and found Butcher. I really wanted to like this place, but it's really hard when the food was just okay and the service was nonexistent at one point. If three people are supposed to be helping and no one even checks in on you, then no one is really helping. We had to look up the dessert on the website, and when someone finally came over, they asked us if we were ready for the check....and I guess we were. Wasn't awful but I wouldn't go back if they offered me a free meal.Awesome! Fantastic staff. Great atmosphere. Crawford pie was excellent. The wood-fire oysters are to die for. The fried alligator was really good. And life doesn't get any better than sweet tea with rabbit and dumplings. Did I say AWESOME.  I came here because of all the reviews on yelp and they were spot on.Terrin, our server was the most knowledgeable server I have ever had at any restaurant. Great service!When in New Orleans you should check this place out! The wood fired oysters, gumbo and alligator bites were incredible! Nice drink menu and the house made lemonade was very good.  Great atmosphere with an upscale vibe.This place has great food and service! We walked over for a late lunch after seeing the WWII museum, and were delighted by the experience. Our food was delicious (especially the fried gator!) And our server was super friendly. She even have us a great recommendation beignets to avoid the craziness of Cafe Du Monde!God Damn. Wish I lived here for this place. 
Truly amazing. Service Top notch. 
Great beer selection and sides.Exceptional food and service.  Ate the alligator with aioli and it was unbelievable. Had the brisket for lunch and it was also extremely tasty.  Just go in and order the alligator and you won't be disappointed.  Highly recommended.  The bread and home made lemonade were also top notch.Coming from the new East Nashville, Tennessee 'foodie hotbed' and having eaten at Cochon's sister restaurant in my hometown, I was eager to try the original as we love Cochon Butcher near our neighborhood. I don't write on Yelp very much, if, at all. I can't say enough about my experience here. From start to finish, it is hands down in my top 3 when it comes to sheer food excellence. 40 years on this planet and I can say that. Didn't order a single menu item that disappointed... and we tried. I could go on and on but just give it a try. It's well worth the effort. They're not trying too hard. They're not being snobby or fancy. They're just hitting what they do out of the park. Go.Really good vibe and great drinks.  The food was defintiely above average, though not exactly transcendent.  Service was attentive and the staff knew their stuff.  I'm not sure that I'd wait all day to go here, but we snagged a 2PM reservation which worked out well.   Hopefully, places like this will revitalize the surrounding neighborhood, which seems ripe for a Brooklyn style scene of nightlife, restaurant, shopping, etc.I meant to give Cochon 4.5/5 Stars... this place is simply the BEST. A friend in New Orleans recommended it & I salute the chef. Very adventurous & interesting menu, i wish i can try all of them in 1 seating but alas, even a pig needs a break...
We started with fried alligator & fried rabbit livers, OMG they were unbelievable, the flavors were like explosion in my mouth, just remind me of the food back home in Malaysia, full of flavors & spices... as for entree, of course i tried their specialty, the cochon, which was ok coz the appetizers were so good & domineering in terms of taste, they pretty much made the evening meals special already...
Very contemporary interior, love the bar stools, great ambiance & crowds. Services were immaculate too, so, overall this place is TOP on my list for Best US Restaurant (besides da Marco) so far. However, as you will see, i dont normally give out 5 stars easily... so, maybe some day!Schooling the Old School.
After 4 days in NOLA on a food and hooch excursion, we made it to Cochon. Highly recommended by a local friend, they did not disappoint.
Fried Alligator bites, surprisingly tender and not chewy with just the perfect kick from the sauce...and not drowned in it like (insert most any old style NOLA restaurant here).
Pork cheeks that offer a lesson in proper braising and slow cooking. The most tender, fork split deliciousness! Again sauced too ideal.
Rabbit and Dumplings. A cassoulet/stew-ish dish that was beautifully prepared leaving the dumplings half immersed to absorb the luscious sauce and half exposed to the broiler to crisp their tender tops. Spot on.
Twice baked Spud that was fluffy inside and cheese browned on top.
The service is comfortable and casual as befits the very attractive warehouse type space. Fairly priced and efficiently delivered.
These newcomers like Cochon and Peche are teaching the old NOLA standards that there are delicious, innovative ways to prepare Cajon/Creole. The old guards are losing step with their drowning star ingredient in 70-80's style, over salted unattractive sauces.
Game on!This place is so amazing, we had a business dinner a party of 10 and everything was mouth watering, the service beyond excellent. CANNOT wait to go back this place is a HIGHLIGHT for NOLA.Excellent dinner, we did not have reservations, walked around and were paged when the kitchen bar seats opened up. We were sitting right in front of the wood burning stove. I don't know what I enjoyed more - alligator appetizer, fire roasted oysters or watching chefs with "propellers" prepare dinner - these guys did everting but fly - it was nothing short of spectacular. Food was excellent!The food here is very unique and delicious. Get the fried alligator for sure! 
Wait staff was great and very knowledgable. 
It is not in the French Quarter which is a plus  for me since I am from New Orleans. 
It is a must go for me!Our group came here on a Monday for lunch, with reservations (many, many thanks to our friend for calling to reserve beforehand), and they were pleasantly buzzing with business.  Good sign.  
Decor: To enter, we passed a pleasant outdoor, cafe-like seating area at the restaurant entrance (weather was sunny and temperate, beautiful).  Inside was larger than I expected (but I expected narrow, small, trendy), neat and nicely spaced tables/seating, mellow warm-colored interior, decent size bar with golden wood tones.  (I could easily picture a trendy happy hour group in the evening, too bad we were leaving NOLA to go back home to Philly that afternoon).  
Food: absolutely delicious.  Our group shared multiple dishes, as our group often does to maximize the food tasting experience.  Great starters: Beet and (bleu?) cheese salad was good, with plentiful and visible beets.  Fried alligator nuggets were not too heavy, very flavorful, nicely seasoned remoulade.  Pate was supremely smooth and was best spread on the perfectly warm, soft rolls that come with your meal.  For entrees: Rabbit dumpling stew was delicious but some felt it could have used more rabbit meat.  Pork cheeks were delicious.  Great crispy pork skin crowned some tender meat and root vegetables.  Pork tongue sandwich seemed to be everyone's favorite in our group, so delicious, nicely dressed.  Grits were also decent.  
Service: We seemed to have two servers.  First one seemed a little more friendly, relaxed, and attentive than the second one (hence the 4 of 5 stars).  We received our food fine and timed nicely, our entrees arrived very soon after we finished our starters.  
Overall a fabulous last meal in NOLA!  Would definitely come back for this one, maybe in the evening to see what wonderfulness the dinner menu has to offer.I enjoyed every bit of this dinner. Atmosphere was fun and typical of a good New Orleans spot. 
Food really was amazing. We had the short rib that just melted in your mouth. Our friend had the ham hock and she said it was one of the best things she's ever eaten. The food is just really well cooked and of a high quality. 
Cocktails were good. Will definitely be going back.First of all I rarely if ever give 5 stars. This place was awesome! Be warned reservations are hard to come by, but if you are patient and don't mind eating at the bar you can walk in without a reservation. Has tarted with the orange whiskey cocktail which was very good followed by the oysters with chili garlic butter which were deliciously spicy. You have to try the boucherie plate which is a sampler of their in house farm fresh cured meats, pickled watermelon rinds, watermelon pickles. My entree of rabbit and dumplings was delicious, Louisiana country cooking at it's finest. Then finished with the bread pudding with ice cream with a shot of cognac........delicious. If you come to New Orleans you eat here. I Gar-own-tee you won't be disappointedThe pork was amazing. Service was superb. I have nothing but great things to say about this place! The alligator bites were great but the pork was seriously out of this world delicious.Holy shit, I could barely walk after, sat by the kitchen and saw the madness go down! will be back for more innovative eats next time I am in town.A very, very solid four stars. Hope you like pork. Been three times and have not been disappointed. Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins -- yes please. The Boudin balls are also totally sick. Atmosphere is open but not loud, nice but not stuffy. Staff are friendly. Go.This restaurant absolutely lived up to its reputation. It was incredible. We arrived about 30 to 45 minutes before closing and the only available seats were at the bar, I was somewhat disappointed to not be at a table. It was no fault of the restaurants that I arrived late at night without making a reservation though. The bartenders who served us were very knowledgeable about the menu and friendly. We even ordered one dish twice it was so good. I'm sorry I can't remember what it was though. 
We went to New Orleans for less than 24 hours on a last-minute getaway and had had only one night to eat dinner and we chose Cochon. It was a great choice and I would do it again. This is the sort of place where you expect the waiters to be "too cool for school" but I was very impressed with how they treated to unhip tourists.Seven of us went on a week night (jammed packed) and we werent expecting the great food that came out of the kitchen.  Except for the fried alligator (which tasted exactly like the Bang-Bang Shrimp at the Bonefish Grill) everything else was a total surprise.  Each person raved about what they had been served-even the root beer!  Dont miss this place.What luck - we were able to walk in on the Friday before Mardi Gras and got seated right away.
    The dining room was warm, comfortable and attractive and lively but not too loud.
     The service was terrific. Professional and very helpful.  We mentioned our friends' difficulty finding produce locally and our server told us about a number of farmers' markets in the area. 
     I had a mixed greens salad which was good but unremarkable. G had a hog's headcheese and pig ear salad. ??? Well, he liked it. Called it "interesting."
    I had deviled crab for an entree served in a crab shell half and with crackers. Very rich and delicious. G had the signature Cochon. He was happy.
    For dessert we had "Checker" cake. Chocolate and white cake in a checker pattern with chocolate frosting. Tasted very home made. 
    Bonus for our meal: a parade had just ended and the floats all zipped past, empty. Like a parade in fast motion.In town for a convention (read: boring), and I was charged with finding a spot for my group to eat dinner.  We had eaten at Broussard's the evening prior, and I figured I'd find a place that would provide a contrast to some of the formal dining we had enjoyed the night before.  After reading several reviews, Cochon appeared to fit the bill perfectly.
Although it was fairly easy to make a reservation just a few hours before dinner time, I was pleasantly surprised to find that when I arrived, the place was packed and really kicking.  The vibe was great, and the ambiance could be described as modern, yet inviting, and just the right blend of casual and formal.
First up were a couple of drinks, and I had a specialty cocktail made with Gin (yes!), lemon bitters, blueberry infused simple syrup, and a lime wedge.  I really enjoyed this cocktail, although it could have been less sweet, but this is the South.
Of course, we ordered the fried alligator, boudin, and roasted oysters.  I'd skip on the oysters next time, and focus on that boudin for sure.  What a great tasting sausage!  The fried alligator had an interesting texture, on the tough side for sure, but the flavor was great and definitely worth a try even if just for the novelty.
I perused the entrees on the menu, and quickly settled on the Cochon, which is perhaps one of the most tender chunks of pulled pork shoulder that I have ever sank my teeth into.  It was truly amazing.  Everyone in my group was in a sharing mood, so we sampled each other's dishes, which included a delectable red fish, rabbit, beef brisket, and goat.  Besides my cochon dish, the beef brisket was something to write home about, and the red fish was a close 3rd place.  The entrees stole the show at this restaurant.
The desserts did not seem to be a strong point here, yet they managed to be quite palatable and enjoyable.  I ordered a fried peach pie with cinnamon ice cream.  The pie shell and chunky fruit filing was good, and the cinnamon ice cream was delicious on its own, but I felt that its nuanced flavor profile was overwhelmed by the pie.
All in all, I had a wonderful dining experience at Cochon and it was a nice change of pace for sure.  My choice was also a hit with my coworkers, so I feel good about that, too!A vegetarian at a place called "Pig"?
I had my doubts when I went with a group of carnivores but I was pleasantly surprised.  The helpful waiter informed me that they get lots of vegetarians and the chef enjoys pulling together a daily selection.  My meal was fresh pasta, corn, tomatoes in a slightly spicy sauce.  Overall, a pleasant surprise.We had a fantastic dinner here last Saturday night at Cochon!
To start we had the oysters and fried boudin. Both were divine. The oysters were some of the best I had while in NOLA. The boudin reminded me of the country-style pate I used to eat in France. It was like a memory on a plate. 
DH had the hamhock, which he LOVED and I had the Louisiana chochon, which I thoroughly enjoyed as well. 
We tried the hummingbird cake for dessert, which was nice, but I think we were too full by that point to fully enjoy it's carrot-cake like texture and cream cheese frosting. 
The service was fine and the space is modern. The atmosphere is laid back and you won't be out of place in casual clothes, although many were dressed up as well.This wasn't a authentic cajun experience, but the food and service was great. The wood fire grilled oysters are a must, if you like oysters. I absolutely loved them. My husband had the catfish and really enjoyed it. We ended our meal with a pineapple upside down cake, and I must say, its the best one I've ever had.Extremely disappointed. Smoked pork ribs were covered in a BBQ sauce that was so spicy we could not eat them (the menu does not describe them as spicy). Smothered greens and beef brisket were so salty we could not eat them. The only part of our meal that we could eat was the grits and mac & cheese casserole, which were both very good.My sis and I had a fabulous dinner at Cochon.  Wow.  We started w/ the fried chicken livers and they were perfectly battered, seasoned...only complaint was the overwhelming caraway on the toasts, however, it's such a personal taste preference, I just don't prefer the seeds.
My sis had the Catfish Court-bouillon and it was incredible.  So fresh and perfect.  It was light, yet hearty, difficult to describe, I'll tell you what though, every bite was a new taste and that made the dish so intriguing.  I had the wood oven roasted fish of the day, red-fish, and it was outstanding.  The best piece of fish I've had in New Orleans to date.  We shared the broccoli, pecan and rice side dish and it was rich and heavenly.  The ultimate comfort food we decided.
Service was great and the hostess was so understanding when we showed up 15 minutes late...we were lost, whoops! The decor, clean, simple, cool.  I'll definitely be going back when I return to my favorite city!Went out for my sister's birthday.  Food was excellent.  All local beers.  I will definitely go again!I had fried alligator and cochon. The gator was AWESOME!!!!! But the cochon was a little salty for me.... I even didn't finish it because it was salty.
The service was good, but they didn't accept separate checks unless you are four or more.I normally don't write reviews for places but will take the time out to do one if the restaurant was out of this world amazing, or a complete utter failure. I was extremely disappointed in this place last night. We were visiting NOLA for a few days and had very limited time, so I had a specific list of restaurants scheduled for my family to try out. Unfortunately this was the worse experience we've ever had. From the moment we were seated, our server was rude and not friendly it all. She made us feel like we were a burden to the point that we didn't want to ask her for anything. We sat there with only water for over an hour. We didn't even get any bread until we asked for it since my family was starving after an hour. All of our food came out at the same time. Appetizers, soups, entrees, and the food was lukewarm. I think service was so bad that it ruined the food experience for us. I felt really bad because I hyped this place up for my family for awhile and the expectation was very high. The only thing that was good was that the manager was very nice. After we voiced our concerns about our server, he was very attentive and said he will address the issue with the server. This place gets 1 star from me because that's the lowest I can select on Yelp. If it were my choice, it would get no stars.Hands down, my favorite restaurant in the United States.  In a city of great restaurants and a fantastic cuisine, I come back here, again and again.
Service is always friendly and down to earth.
Come hungry.I came here with my colleagues and we had about a 15 minute wait for a table around 6:30 pm which was perfect because it started to get pretty packed after we arrived. The food was delicious! We started with the oysters and the alligator - both were delicious!! My colleagues had the ham hock and the cochon, both were delicious! I had the goldfish fisherman style, which is the fish filleted with the skin on one side. The fish was fresh and flavorful, perfectly cooked. For dessert we had the coconut snowball-which was a vanilla cake with cream in between and covered in coconut flakes. We also had the hazelnut pudding. Take a recommendation and order both and eat them together, it's pure perfection! Come here, you won't be disappointed! A+!My wife and went for our final dinner in NOLA, and were not disappointed. What a feast, from start to finish. They seated us early, the waiter was great and super helpful, and even the other patrons were so happy with their meals and what they ordered that they couldnt help but show them off and share. I have almost never seen that before. We started with the wood-fired oyster roast, and the pork cheeks...wow. Amazing. I had the cochon with cracklings, a great beer, and we shared two fantastic desserts. A fantastic, epic meal, one I will remember for the rest of my life.Cochon is one of those restaurants in town you HAVE to go and try. It's so unique and the decor is so simple, understated, yet chic and modern. This is a great place for a special night out with your significant other, a small group of friends, or on your foodie tour of New Orleans. This is def a top three restaurant in the city and I highly recommend making this part of your exploration of the city's fine cuisine if you are here to eat. 
The worst part about this place is getting a reservation, but hey, if that's a problem then this place must be good, right? 
The service is prompt, nonobtrusive and informative. The drink selection has a few select cocktails that change occasionally, as well as plenty of beer and wine choices. The food itself is mostly pork, alligator and fish. I recommend the Cochon as that is fairly authentic and the friend alligator. I've had better Boudin elsewhere but I can't complain as it was still above par. 
We didn't have dessert so I can't comment on that, but the ham hock was incredible. Def make sure you stop by this place if you are seeking a unique and delightful dinner.This was the place that my small group of friends and I ate at together on a special birthday weekend trip to NOLA.
We ordered all of the appetizers and having lived in the South for a few years, I can easily say it was the best alligator I have ever had.  None of the appetizers were less than great!
I had the rabbit as my entree.  This was my first time with that ingredient but I have to tell you it was amazing!  The bacon oyster sandwich was great too.
If you are in town and can get a reservation, go here!Exceptional food, friendly service and all around great vibe. I had the oysters (best I've had so far), liver, shrimo and alligator - the flavor of the meat with the accompanying sauce were delicious and memorable.This restaurant is more of the cutting edge I was looking for in NOLA, so was happy that we were able to squeeze in between the reservations.  Had the alligator- hmmmm, would not bother again.  It looks like KFC little bites, and no discernible taste.  Could have been chicken for all we knew.  Oh well, gotta try alligator.  Small rolls with dinner were fab.  The Cochon plate with pulled pork, sauerbraten, and pork cracklings was well worth the try, and the fish special was definitely good with an excellent sauce.  But did I discern Sriracha mayo?  Don't know for sure.  Drinks were fine, atmosphere is excellent.  I enjoyed this meal but am not sure it reached the level of 4 stars.  If you are going to the WWII museum it is just a block away and a great end to a day of seeing why the greatest generation IS the greatest generation.Cochon is French for pig. Appropriately named, because that's what I was/am.  Everything was stellar.  Stand-out dish of the evening was the crab appetizer.  Get 20 of them.  Fairly-priced, awesome atmosphere, location could be better.This was our final meal in town, and it was a good note to end on. Fried alligator is well done with a really tasty sauce. It's chewy of course, but that's expected with alligator. Arugula strawberry salad was pretty good for something green. Gulf fish is simple and really high quality, good tasting without too much seasoning. Rabbit and Dumplings is quite good, though in fairness the taste and experience is more or less like a chicken pot pie. The dumplings are really more like fully cooked biscuits forming the top of the pot pie. Still, it was good. The place was very busy, but service was pretty quick. Quite a lot of good beers in bottles, and a few good ones on tap.We had planned eating a three course dinner but after evaluating the menu we decided to go the small plate route. The decision was filling, budget friendly and did I mention filling!? 
Get the gator. Each bite is delicious, savoury and just the right amount of heat. Speaking of heat, the mac and cheese is a great way to neutralize the heat. We also had the roasted oysters and the bouchrie plate. Everything was yummy from start to finish. 
The waitstaff was a team. This was annoying. We really liked our secondary waiter, but our primary was less than exceptional. Overall a great experience. Make a reservation so you can avoid the long wait.1.  Our waiter (server 103 T on the receipt, dude with the horrible goatee) was an ass.  Took our plates away without asking.  And when we asked to get leftovers wrapped, rolled his eyes and put garbage onto the leftovers plate while taking it away to wrap.  
2.  Food is overrated.  Our friend got the catfish, my wife got the ham hock, and I got the cochon.  Nothing worth the 4 stars this place is getting.  My cochon was just a BBQ pulled pork patty with cabbage & pork rinds ("crackling").   
     Ham hock and mac & cheese were decent. 
What a huge disappointment.  Go elsewhere!My friends and fellow reviewers, Nate and Noah, have a better view of this place than I do but not by much.  I have a couple complaints, but the greatness of the fried alligator with chili-garlic aioli truly earned Cochon 5 stars all by itself.  You have to expect alligator to be a bit rubbery, but it hardly was, and if so then only in the greatest of ways to enhance the dish.  It was so juicy and breaded and fried perfectly.  As for the aioli, I need the recipe in order to go on living.
Before the complaints, I would like to also say that the feel and decor of the restaurant were truly outstanding...humble and rustic yet modern.  I'm not so good describing decor, but all I know is that it felt like a great place to be.  Ok, to the not so good parts: service wasn't great, despite the restaurant being nowhere near capacity.  Also, I ordered the cochon, the dish that is the restaurant's namesake, as my entree and was less than impressed.  Though the pork was obviously juicy (read: covered in juices), it still felt dry to me and just fell flat somehow.  I was also not impressed with the accompaniments, even though it had cracklin.  Lastly, the house beer we ordered was nothing to write home about.
Despite all these things though, the way I felt while dining at Cochon and those damned lovable alligator poppers still garner this restaurant the highest of marks.  Also, my fellow diners were more than impressed, so that has to count for something.Visited here August 1st at the recommendation from our hotel concierge (The Ritz). Very disappointed.  It is nothing more than a high priced pork place. Yes there are things that are somewhat unique but nothing extraordinary-Alligator bites were delicious. The beef short rib was fatty, the pork patty was dried shredded pork formed into a patty, their signature made in-house bacon was so chewy and tough you could barely chew it.  Maybe because we are from Dallas where it is very foodie, but this place is not worth your time or money.  Visit a tried and true NOLA establishment.First off I'd like to say I was hesitant about ordering anything with the fact that this is a restaurant known for its pork and I do not eat pork products, poultry, etc. The server was rude and told me that I could not make any changes or substitutions as per the chef's request. I wanted to order the oyster & bacon sandwich with no bacon and extra oysters. He said I would have to get the bacon on the side and there are no extras. Sounds like a either a Nazi chef or a lazy server.
The oysters had a nice sauce on them. The shrimp and eggplant gratin was tasty, but unappetizing, too dark on top. The cortbouillon was tasty but a little too spicy. The mac & cheese did not taste homemade and was bland. 
We waited about 30 minutes between appetizers/small plates and entrees. Granted we were at a table of 7 for dinner, but I expected more from a restaurant that requires you to order everything upfront. Also the fact that we had to split our own check was a headache. Overall I love the atmosphere but was disappointed with the limited variety of menu options and wait time. Even my boyfriend who loves pork was disappointed to not see more dishes with bacon.There were so many great offerings on the menu that we decided to order several big and small plates and pass them around our little group. This was an excellent choice because we got to try items that we normally wouldn't have tried. 
Fried Boudin: My favorite item from our order. These little balls of deliciousness are hard to describe, but they were fantastic.
Smoked Ham Hock: Fantastic, meaty and incredibly delicious. The boiled peanuts on the side were a perfect combination.
Fried alligator: My hubby put it best with "Tastes like chicken". I agree heartily with this description. Kind of like chicken nuggets, but a little better texture. Not really my thing and the item I liked least of our selection.
Our waitress, Angie, recommended we order the grits and greens as side items. She was spot-on because they were perfect with the ham hock. I've never thought of myself as a grits person, but if all grits tasted like that I'd order them all the time. We found ourselves fighting with spoons over who got the last spoonful.The food was delicious. I highly recommend the alligator and also the rabbit and dumplings. The food would receive 5 stars but the service was a bit lacking. We had two waiters and our service was still slow.As a native of New Orleans and a regular back in the home town, it's often a challenge to find something I would consider exceptional in a city teaming with very good restaurants. Cochon is an outstanding pearl among the jewels of New Orleans cuisine. With the Oyster Roast starter and sharing the Duck Dumplings and Stew and the Louisiana Cochon, my daughter and I found a measure of food heaven! We shall return to finish working our way through the menu. And by the way, having not spared a morsel on the plate, we had to take the absolutely delicious peanut butter and chocolate pie to go.Highly recommend this restaurant! MUST try the rabbit&dumplings, the fried alligator and oyster are so good too.A New Orleans favorite. We've been a few times, and our last time was with a party of eight. The service could not have been better, and the food was expectedly-outstanding. Cocktails and delicious. 
We ordered many small plates, including roasted oysters crawfish pies and fried chicken livers with pepper jelly. The lovers are among my favorite things anywhere in the city. Soups and salads were also good.
I had the cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled turnips & cracklins. Other-worldy. Truly a signature dish and something I could eat daily. the side of lima beans is one of my favorite sides anywhere. My wife ordered the rabbit & dumplings and loved it. I got to eat a bit of it as well. Rich, creamy and delicious. I only wish that I had access to the pot. I could eat my weight in this.Incredible food and outstanding quality. The staff are very helpful and I'm always impressed on how clean everything is. Slow roasted pork rib was one of the best meals I have ever had.My second least favorite dinning experience in NOLa- least favorite would have to be the Butcher Cochon- 
Food at Cochon was O-k
We got thin sliced Cochon as an appetizer and we got 3 tiny pieces for $16
We also got the alligator which was chewy and the ribs which were fatty. 
I think it was over priced.  I heard great reviews from my friends and have to say- I was every  disappointed with food and service.My favorite dish was the fried gators. It felt light for a fried dish. Not too salty. 
The staff was kind and more than one person served us and took care of us. It felt like we were being attended to. 
The ambiance was perfect. I am having a fascination to wood art and this place was filled with well-crafted wood. Wood tables and chairs, bar chairs, wood wall accents and it felt clean and put together. 
We walked here from our hotel so I am not too sure about parking. 
Thank you for a wonderful experience here in New Orleans.Among all the restaurants that would cost you $30 a meal with tiny portions of food, Cochon has one of the most unique menu items and great service and bread which help fill your stomach. 
Cannot recommend more for the oysters. The kimchi flavor oysters just pure genius invention. Cannot find it anywhere easily and so yummy. 
The gumbo is more on the salty side. The first sip I feel like the soup is overwhelmed by the flavor of the sausage but with more water, the soup starts to taste fantastic. 
If you are around the garden district or the World War II Museum you should give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.Definitely fulfilled my puerko destiny at my namesake.
Parker house (?) rolls are bombawesome, and got their caraway sausage, shrimp/eggplant dressing (prolly my fav!), Louisiana cochon, and chocolate cake.
All great, but similar to really good, well thought out, new American cuisine anywhere else.Really enjoyed the oyster and bacon sandwich.I love the ambiance of this restaurant. It was full of people so thank goodness we made reservations. It was busy yet I didn't have to shout at my girlfriends to be heard. 
The service was great. Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful. She gave us her recommendations. 
We shared entrees and appetizers which was great because I got to try a bit of everything.
For appetizers and sides we had the fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise,
twice-baked stuffed potato, carrot salad. 
For entrees we tried the Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins and the Rabbit with Dumplings. I enjoyed both dishes and I could have eaten the pig dish all by myself. It was so flavorful and delicious. I loved the giant pillowy dumplings on top of the rabbit dish. It complimented the pot pie-like rabbit filling perfectly.
For dessert we had the German Chocolate Cake. It had coconut on the ganache so my sister avoided it but the rest of enjoyed it. I found the cake too sweet so it was not something I could eat by myself. It was good but I was done after a few bites.
The standouts of the night were definitely the entrees. 
Overall, it was a great meal and the next time I come I want to try their roasted pig's head that I saw some tables enjoy. We were  full from happy hour so didn't get a chance this time.To prep for the following morning's adventures to Jean Lefitte's Swamp tour, I trekked to Cochon to have their fried alligator in a chili garlic mayonnaise. 
They make their own rolls (delicious) and they give you a couple as an appetizer (with butter of course--- this city is all about their breads and butter).
The kitchen hooks you up with a cone of AMAZING chicharrones, or cracklin's 'round these parts, that was so reminiscent of the cloudy chicharrones that 4505 Meats used to make (I've had recent batches, and it's no longer the same! ::sadface::), served with a cane syrup-type dipping sauce (with or without the sauce, the cracklin's were on point).
The alligator had a hint of chewiness, but still tender. The breading and chili mayo were good.  I enjoyed it.
I also had the fried livers, served on top of baby toasts and pepper jelly. These were also enjoyable.
They have this chili infused vinegar that was a great condiment to my fried appetizers.
I sat next to the area where they expedite the dishes, which was sensory overload. The chefs in the back were all eye candy. I wish I had another cone of cracklin's with cane sugar.
I'd come back here to try their smoked hamhock and the rabbit n' dumplings.While traveling on business, this was a recommendation from a colleague.  And a solid recommendation it was.  Everyone at our table enjoyed our meal.  We started with the wood grilled oysters which were delicious.  The oysters were great and than you take the rolls to soak up the extra garlic and butter!  I had the rabbit and dumplings which was unique and good.  It was a bit spicy to my surprise but still so good.  I also had the Jenny Diver Mule and I was a big fan!!  I would recommend to anyone traveling to NOLA to stop in and enjoy!!I try to make it to Cochon and the sister butcher shop every time I am in New Orleans. 
I have eaten at Cochon at least half a dozen times, every time it is absolutely packed, but the food quality never suffers. 
The creative use of southern ingredients and the perfections with which they are used is quite special - this restaurant is unique to say the least. 
The staff is always good, no matter how busy, the bartenders are especially knowledgeable and attentive. 
In my numerous times here I have never left disappointed, even with my high expectations. I recommend making a reservation and coming in early, or there will be a wait.Wonderful Restaurant, serving Pig meat in every possible incantation, superior service, great noisy ambience, Sadly parking is not great, on street, but uber over & no problem. The specialty cocktail ist is impressive 7 a way above average wine list, But the Star is the food & pork offered in numerous manners, I cant recommend a  single Pork dish because they are all Spectacular , but we ordered 2x the Cajun shrimp because it was so good.I tried to go to Jaques Imo's, but it was closed for vacation.  My cab driver instead took me to Cochon.  What luck!  There were seats at the bar and it was worth all of the hassle of getting there.
I had oysters to start with a wonderful rose wine.  For the main course I had the catfish, which was superb.  Best catfish I've ever tasted. 
Next time I'm making reservations and making a whole night of the experience.Don't go here! I'm serious -- I don't like having to wait so often and so long for a table!
Seriously though, that's the only downside. If you are in the crescent city and want an amazing gastronomic experience, do not miss this place.
Everything we've had here has simply melted in the mouth. 
Make reservations. If you are budget conscious make them for lunch.I went to NOLA for the memorial holiday. Cochon is the first restaurant I tried. The environment is nice. We ordered "Rabbit and dumplings" and " Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins". The rabbit and dumplings is just fine. The Louisianan cochon didn't impress me at all.  
I don't recommend this place. If you really want to try, please order sufficient appetizer. I don't think one entree can fulfill your stomach.Really great food! 
We started with the fried alligator, which was covered in mint and a spicy mayo kind of sauce. And also the ribs with pickled watermelon, and the crawfish pastry. 
We ordered two sides of mac and cheese it is very creamy and smoky and and also the smothered greens, these have pork so i didn't eat them. I had the gulf fish, it was excellent! Definitely much lighter compared to everything else. Finally the fried poster and bacon sandwhich. It was huge! My friends split it and could barely finish. 
We also had a bottle of the rosé which is the price of a glass times 5 (it's not written on the menu)
I'm just taking a star off because of the wait. Great service, but it seemed scattered and people walking on the street drunk were trying to sit at the table that was being readied for us. Also our busboy was really chatty (in a funny way) but totally unprofessional.Tried 9 different dishes with our group and all I can say is DAMN!!!!  Really, this was an outstanding experience all the way around!!We had an excellent meal here. The fish, alligator appetizer, and duck specials were stand outsBoth Cochon and Cochon Butcher are incredible. Cochon has amazing entrees but the sides are to die for. The Butcher has incredible sandwiches and sides. Worth the long lines.The food speaks for itself and the whiskey cocktail paired well with the gator and cochon!!I have been to New Orleans three times and each time I made sure I visited Cochon.  This place is unbelievable and beats my favorite restaurants in the New York area where I live.  The meat here (and all kinds of meat) is delicious.  The last time I was there, I remember the ham hock, which was fabulous.  The oysters also are excellent.
If you are visiting NOLA, make sure this restaurant is on your list.This place came highly recommended from a friend, and was absolutely the best meal of my trip to New Orleans! Cute little restaurant in a beautiful neighborhood, away from the touristy-ness of the French Quarter and Canal Street. 
My boyfriend and I opted to split a bunch of small plates rather than ordering entrees, and we were delighted with everything we tried. The highlight of the meal however, was 100% the wood fired oysters in chili garlic butter. The oysters literally melted in your mouth, and oh my god, that butter. I wanted to pour it over everything. The boudin balls were also good, although I do think I've had better throughout the city. We also tried the cucumber salad - simple, yet refreshing and spicy - as well as the mac n cheese, super cheesy and actually flavorful. We ended the meal with the pineapple upside cake with lime coconut sorbet which was awesome, and was a perfect end to the meal. 
From start to finish, everything from service, to food, to drinks, was perfected. Highly recommend to everyone visiting or living in the area. You really can't get a better bang for your buck - two cocktails, a whole lot of delicious food, and a dessert later, we still managed to get out of there for well under $100, tip included!Dear God....THIS FOOD. 
Everything we ordered was delicious. I can't wait to go to back to New Orleans for another dinner at Cochon.Everything was great! The oyster appetizer is a must! I had the rabbit dumplings which was amazing and my husband had the pork sandwich special also really good. If you are looking for a light desert the pineapple upside down cake hits the spot! The coconut ice cream is soooo good and the cake is amazing, don't let the cornmeal throw you off! Would definately come back!This was my second dinner at Cochon and it didn't disappoint. If anything it was perhaps even better. On this trip, I sat at the bar and sort of grazed the menu, sampling this and that.
For a cocktail I had to have a Swinekiller, I mean I am at Cochon, right? It is made with Hendricks Gin, Fee Brothers rhubarb bitters, limeade and was well made, lots of interesting flavors. Not a sweet nor bitter drink, somewhere perfectly balanced in the middle.
First bite was the rabbit livers. I love liver and even my friends that "hate" liver love this dish. $9 for 3 or 4 livers on crunchy toast with fresh mint and pepper jelly. Perfect dish, I ordered a second one...
Second was the braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, goat feta & pears for $12. I normally dislike sauerkraut, but it worked very well to give a bit of acid to cut the very rich pork cheeks. This was delish and I would love to have the recipe!
Finally, I had the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad for my entree. The beef was expertly cooked and was tender and bursting with flavor. I liked, but didn't love the potato salad. There was something in there that was not Hellman's mayo and I could not get that alien notion out of my head.
It is a busy happy somewhat loud room. I sat at the bar and both of the bartenders were jovial and knowledgable making my meal even better.
If you've not been, go get your pork on at Cochon!I died and went to heaven.  A more expensive, sit down version of Cochon Butcher.First time I went there, my friend ordered the beef brisket, and it was mostly inedible fat, which you could see just be looking at it.  When she told the waiter about it, he said he would take it off the bill.  When we got the bill, the brisket was on it.  The waiter said the cook refused to allow him to take it off.  Very poor form.  I've been there a few other times, and I tried to be open minded after that experience because at the time, the place had just opened.  I haven't had anything bad and I've even had a few items that were pretty tasty, but the prices don't seem to be proportionate to the cost of the ingredients, difficulty of preparation, or portion size.  For the money, there are so many other fabulous restaurants-  including Herbsaint, which is another Chef Link restaurant- that it's just not worth it to me.WOW. WOW. WOW.
Probably the BEST place I have had dinner, and I dine  A LOT, and have lived all over the world.
The fried alligator nuggets and wood fired oysters were divine, so yummy, full of flavor and great portion sizes. The ham hock fell off the bone and the mac and cheese was perfect.
Shout out to our server Colleen and the amazing hostess Mary!!!
The food blew me away, everything was amazing. Service, staff, ambiance. I want to go back to New Orleans just to eat there again.Being born and raised in New Orleans, I am shameful of saying that this year was the first time I ever ate at Cochon, and I wished I would have eaten here sooner. This food here is simply amazing. Flavorful and welled seasoned, perfectly cooked and very nicely presented are just some of the few things I can say about the food at this place. 
My party started off with an order of fried liver for our appetizer. While the portion is extremely small, 3 pieces of liver on 3 pieces of bread, it was extremely delicious. The liver itself was extremely crispy, and the addition of jelly really added some flavor to it. For entree, we had the Louisiana Cochon, braised pork cheeks, and smoked pork ribs. The Louisiana Cochon was so soft and so juicy that it just melted in your mouth, and the chicharron gave the dish a little crunchiness to it. The braised pork cheeks, surprisingly, was not as soft as the Louisiana cochon, and the portion was quite small for an entree. However, the eggplant was delicious as it was grilled and flavorful. The smoked pork ribs was my favorite entree as it was the most flavorful dish we had. Very well marinated, good portion of meat, and spicy yet sweet. 
Overall, I would definitely recommend this place for any out-of-town visitors out there. Great atmosphere, great food, and reasonable pricing. A must check-out place for this city.I'm in New Orleans several times a year, and I make it a point to eat here while I'm in town.I am a firm believer that a place must be judged in context, especially its location. In other words, in our home town this place would be 5 stars. But, in New Orleans, the home of OMG  (as the kids like to say) dining experiences like  Antoine's, Bayona and Commanders Palace, I give Cochon a four star rating. Ribs  - very good, plus the cheap skate in me likes the idea of pickling watermelon rinds instead of chucking them in the garbage. Fried alligator - meh, what's to like or dislike vis-a-vis taste? Alligator is, I think, more of a textural experience; sauce that accompanied the gator was very good: spicy enough without going overboard. I wish they had used cilantro instead of parsley in the garnish, but that's just me. The brisket was just OK. That's a bit of Texas snobbery, but it could have been colder and more tender for the price. The butter bean soup - the star! I'd eat that again in a heart beat! Have to say also, I like this idea of small plates (just like Emeril's Delmonico the night before), so that one may taste a wider assortment of goodies. Wish more places in Texas went that route.Amazing. Had the oysters and crocodile- delicious! Then the broccoli salad and pork belly.Maybe the best overall Cajun restaurant I've tried as they are creative and not afraid make their food they way they like it.  I liked their Cochon, pig meat, signature dish made with peaches and bacon and fried skin. 
Came with some toasty soft bread and a little free taste made with a liver mousse.  
Comfortable and classy both.Place was ok...the bread and butter was really good..so warm and gooey. We got the cochon and the ham hock which really wasnt my thing. The best part of the cochon for me was the cabbage and pork skin...my friend ordered the rib and pickled watermelon and it was amazing..:by small so u should get a side. All the appetizers (alligator, oysters, and mac and cheese) were amazing .Not worth the $$ money we paid for.  The ambience was great, but the food was so-so  The suggested special - pork chops (16$); had a good smoked flavor, but it was rubbery. The turkey, black Eyed pea and kale gumbo (8$) was tasty,  my wife liked it,  but it was an appetizer.  Fried alligator (12$) wasn't good, compared to other places we have tried in the past. Mac n Cheese (7$) was good,  had rich cheese in it. We went on a Saturday during lunch time.  Overall,  the food was so-so and not worth the money we spent for. 
The ambience was good,Love this place! Haven't had Cajun food in over 10 years and the girl at the front desk of my hotel recommended this place. I came back twice because I wanted to try all their dishes. LOL. The wood fire grilled oysters in chili butter sauce is a MUST have. So delicious.  Until next time...if I have another business meeting in NOLA, I will definitely be back.The food was fantastic, great atmosphere!  Make sure you have a reservation or you'll be on a very long waiting list.This restaurant was ok. When my brother and I arrived, there were two people ahead of us checking in. Instead of checking them in then moving onto us, the hostesses (3 of them) kept the conversation going with those two guests. We weren't acknowledged at all. After about 5 mins, we were finally acknowledged and seated. Once seated, we placed our orders and out food came out pretty quickly.
We started with the fried alligator and wood fired oysters - both were super yummy. For the entrees, we had the rabbit and dumplings and the Louisiana cochon - both of those dishes were ok. We also ordered a side of Mac and cheese casserole which was extremely delicious. The bill was pretty pricey which I don't think was worth it, but, this place came recommended by my friend so I figured I'd give it a try. 
Needless to say, although my friend really enjoyed her meal here, I don't think I'd come back here for the duration of my stay in NOLA. 3 out of 5 of the dishes we ordered were delicious, so I give it 3 out of 5 stars.Worth a visit. Staff has a little attitude.  Oysters with chili butter and rib appetizers were delicious. Couchon with cabbage was savory without being greasy.I don't know what all the 2 and 3 stars are about...this place is seriously good and if they don't go back...oh well more room for me!Early dinner reservation for one, while in town on business.
Friendly and helpful maître d'.  Friendly and competent waiter, although at this price point I wished he knew the food better (he was familiar with some of the menu but did not know all the dishes or ingredients).
I ordered enough for three people, ate for two, and took the leftovers with me for lunch the next day.
The dishes ranged from good to great.  Fantastic and well-seasoned tongue appetizer.  Fantastic, smokey, hot gumbo.  Good cochon entrée--but a little dry.  Needed more moisture or fat.  Great rabbit stew.
Disappointing wine list; nothing terribly interesting.
I would definitely go back, even though they could improve a few things (staff expertise, rough edges of some dishes, better wine list).Cochon is excellent.  Truly the spot for the pig conniseur, right down to the wall art.  The only pig part I didn't see on the menu was the tail (and perhaps that was being saved for the dinner menu!).
I selected Cochon for a lunch with two colleagues who have become friends, not realizing that one doesn't eat red meat.  She was totally cool about it, ordering fish and even sampling the alligator appetizer my other friend ordered for us to share.  I liked the chili garlic aioli that came with it more than the too-chewy tastes-like-chicken alligator, but it was an interesting new taste.
Had I been on my own or ready for a larger meal, I would have ordered the hot sausage appetizer, served with grits, roasted peppers and creole cream cheese.  Instead, I got a side of grits with our entrees which we all shared.
After first considering the beef brisket entre, I ordered the ham hock with lima bean hoppin' john & mustard onion jus ($17).  Wow!  I'm sure the brisket would have been great too, but having never seen a ham hock outside of my mother's pea soup (much less on a menu), this dish was a treat.  I was very glad I I ordered it.  
For dessert, we shared the strawberry cobbler and I have craved it ever since.  Biscuits, sweet-but-not-too-sweet fruit and fresh whipped cream - perfection.
Our service was spectacular.  We asked a lot of questions about the menu and our server was informed in a way that showed that she hadn't just memorized its details, but truly knew its nuances and was passionate about them.I appreciate a good NOLA story and it sounds like chef/owner Donald Link has just that. He grew up in Louisiana, left for SF, went to culinary school, returned to his New Orleans roots to open restaurants. Local boy does good. 
The pig-themed Cochon is what I would describe as cajun with a fine dining twist. 
We arrived a bit before our reservation time so we sat at the bar and ordered drinks from the cocktail menu. With names like The Swinekiller, Hillbilly Mary and Louisiana Hayride, the cocktails incorporated local flavors into intriguing blends. I spied large canning jars full of what looked like cherries and upon inquiry was told they were indeed house made maraschino cherries made by with local cherries and cooked down in maraschino liquor. Our bartender explained that the chef makes tons of these cocktail garnishes during the summer when cherries are in season and by the end of winter/early spring they near the end of their supply. He obliged my curiosity and gave us each a sample of the crimson red cherry. Boozy delicious. 
Fortified with cocktails, we started our meal with the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli. Big pieces of gator dipped in the piquant aioli was a nice combo. I was expecting the meat to be tough, but was glad I was incorrect in my assumption. 
Next we moved on to the boudin. After a little research I discovered that boudin is a truly cajun country classic. Much like chorizo or sausage stuffed with rice and other cajun spices, boudin is ubiquitous. Cochon's version was much different than what we later tried at a truck stop in cajun country and was served with house pickled peppers. 
The mushroom salad with lemon was out of this world. Thinly sliced shrooms lightly dressed with herbs and citrus was a dish that lightened things up after the boudin and fried alligator. 
For my entree I tried the signature dish, the cochon, which can best be described as a ball of tender pulled pork topped with cracklins. Talk about pork overload. 
The oven roasted gulf fish served fisherman's style came to the table hole with the skin on and was perfectly prepared. 
Cochon seems to be a nuevo NOLA way to experience cajun food and although I have no idea about what constitutes "good" cajun food, our experience at Cochon was good enough for this cajun-deprived West Coaster.Delicious we had the ribs, alligator, mac and cheese was bomb, chicken & sausage gumbo.  the cocktails were great as well. service was fastI cannot believe I have not written a review for this place. If I had to sum up my experience with cochon in one sentence: best food I have ever had in my life ! No offence to mom's cooking. I went there with three of my friends and we ended up ordering every every single item on the menu ( boy were we hungry!). The waiters were very helpful and explained to us what each item was as we were not very familiar with Cajun cuisine. Very appropriately this is my first review on yelp - it truly was a once in a lifetime experience here !Concierge suggested this place for dinner, it was mediocre at best.  I had the spare ribs, sautéed greens and gumbo.Fried GATOR here I come! We came for this and boy was it delicious. Fried, fluffy, but the meat was a little tough. Amazing sauce. The gumbo was mediocre. The biggest downer was the staff. We were super excited to end our New Orleans trip with the revered Cochon, but the staff were a bit grumpy and disinterested which always makes for a less fun time. Service is key folks.Our very first ( and probably last) experience at Cochon was a disappointment. We decided to opt out of the entrees and order a few appetizers and the daily special. The fried alligator and oysters were tasty but not mind blowing. We also ordered the macaroni and cheese, which was slightly overseasoned and with the extra bonus of an unsightly stray hair that got in during preparation. We notified our waiter immediately, and he offered to bring us a new order of it, which was definitely nice of him. A few minutes later, a busser stopped by our table and asked if we wanted a refill on the root beer we had. When it came time for the bill, we discovered that the macaroni and cheese was comped but the root beer was charged twice. Essentially, we paid $5 for a refill without being warned beforehand that that we'd be charged. While some dishes were tasty, it was not worth the hype. Would not recommend.I definitely got off to the wrong foot, but . . . 
I've never had such overtly bad service. Certainly, I was inappropriate in stating that it seemed like people were "stressed" in the restaurant; but to tell me that I'm rude and that the best thing you [the server] can do is walk away - seems like extremely poor customer service. 
Actually, the conversation went like this - "Have things been busy tonight?"  Reply from bar tender,  "no, it's been terribly slow. Why?" My response, "it seems like people are a bit stressed." Reply from bar tender, "I can't interpret that as anything but rude, so I'm going to walk away." 
The bartender then proceeded to turn her back to me at the bar and talk about how "bad that guy is over there. He's driving me crazy." The conversation was loud enough that I could hear it 8 feet away.
To this, I placed $10 on the bar and left.  So, please understand that I'm not writing this review based on the food. My review is solely based on the poor service and a $10 club soda. As such, take this review for what you will; but I for one will never eat in Cochon. And, I've eaten at restaurants all over the world. The service was the absolute worst I have ever received. Anywhere.3.5 stars. It's a great romantic spot. Boyfriend and I sat by the chefs window and watched them work away, cooking all these great dishes. By the end of the meal I felt like I ordered the wrong food though.
The fried alligator was good, tasted like... Chicken but a little tougher. Loved the sauce that came with it. They gave us head cheese on the house. Which I was very excited about! First time having and it was interesting! Loved the pickles and bit of toast with it. On to the mains... The fish my boyfriend got was very delicate and flavorful, but light. The cochon I got was however dry but it did well with some of the acidic cabbage. I was really excited by crackling but I thought I almost broke a teeth on my first piece.I ordered the fried alligator appetizer and I think it was delicious, specially the fact that it was on the spicy side. Yum! I like the texture and chewiness, more like fish rather than any other white meat. Next time though I will go for the gumbo, I got a bit of a heavenly taste of it and it was no brainer.
For the entree I had the pulled pork, it was delicious very flavorful. I side order of plain mash or bread or even rice would have been great. I like it, though it was so plentiful I did not finish. I also got to sample the smoked beef brisket and the uniquely mashed potatoes with horse radish. I highly recommend that for the next visit.
Overal, Cochon's meals live up to the expectation and recommendations. Next time I would just try all the small dishes.This place was just a short stroll down from the Hilton Garden Inn where we were staying and a great introduction to Cajun food.  Who knew I would enjoy fried alligator?  We opted to order a bunch of the small plates so we could sample a bit of everything.  From the top of my head that was the gator, the ribs, the chicken, the loaded potato and the cucumber salad.  Next to my excitement of trying a strange new food such as gator, I really enjoyed the cucumber salad.  I would not let my fiance have the last bite, and I usually tend to be quite giving.  Very stylish on the inside, nice in the sun outside, friendly servers in both areas.Tried mac & cheese, fried alligator, fried cheese curds & buffalo oysters and it was all delicious. We didn't have room for dessert but they looked really good. The atmosphere was pleasant, good for intimate conversation and candlelit lighting (can't recall if actual candles but was dim).I went there on a friend's recommendation.  It did not disappoint.  Casual spot with minimalist decor but a reservation is definitely suggested for dinner. Went midweek at 6PM and it was already full.
Had the wood fired oysters, boudin balls, braised pork cheeks, and roasted pork belly and liked them in that order. The oysters were average (lemon helped) but not Cochon's forte.  The fried boudin balls were crunchy outside, firm inside and  well spiced.  Where Cochon shined, as it should, were the pork dishes.  The braised pork cheeks were tender and the combination of the creamy grits and grapefruit provided a good textural contrast.  Reminiscent of a fusion dish and a pleasant surprise.  The roast pork belly was the best dish. Skin was crispy and the meat melted in your mouth. It was served with roasted beets, caramelized onions, and chard which seemed almost superfluous.  In fact, the dish probably could have skipped one of these and still been great.Had an unbelievable rabbit and dumplings. Table mates had pork cheek and white bean "salad" and an oyster and bacon sandwich. All were delicious. I'll be back.We celebrated a friend's 40th at Cochon a few nights ago, as he'd been dying to try it.  He lives in Cali but was born in New Orleans, so he is into the real deal.  
First of all, our party of eight was treated extremely well. The service was fast and attentive, without being overbearing (e.g., our water glasses were filled throughout the night before we even noticed). 
The restaurant is clean and comfy looking, as opposed to being overly austere and cold.  We didn't have any kids with us (except maybe for the bday boy's 60-something year old dad who can be quite immature at times), but kids would be quite comfy there.  
All the dishes were enjoyable. We started with the following (pasted straight from the web site's online menu): 
wood-fired oyster roast $11 
fried alligator with chili garlic aioli $10 
spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle $9 
Both the oysters and the alligator were accompanied by delectable and tasty sauces that didn't take away from the flavor of the main theme. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender and loved by everyone but me (I just don't dig sweet BBQ sauces that much). 
Henceforth, we had a salad that was fresh and tasty with pecans and mandarin oranges. 
For our main dishes, we had the following: 
catfish courtbouillon $19 
louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins $22 
smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad $18 
All three were excellent, with most people's favorite surprisingly being the brisket. It was tender and tasty! Of course the restaurant's namesake dish, cochon, was delicious as well (and came with the crispy pork rinds, yum!) but the brisket really kicked ass. 
And, finally, for dessert we had: 
apple pie with vanilla ice cream 
g¢teau de chocolat with honey creole cream cheese mousse & pears 
In closing, everything is better with pork, and Cochon takes that to heart.Excellent Service...meet...Great Food!  That sums up Cochon. Beautiful, industrial space that is actually larger than first appearance. The staff is super friendly and the aromas of smoked meat will make you instantly hungry. 
This was a quick meal for appetizers only. We ordered the Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Mayo and the Macaroni and Cheese Casserole--soooo good!!! Comfort food at its best. I could have eaten two orders of each by myself, but was trying Not to be Miss Greedy Girl today LOL. We had two servers and they were on point! Thanks so much for a terrific dining experience. Definitely will be back :-). Happy Eating!Really good food. Get the grits-- soooo good. We also got the ham hock, some Brussels, a couple salads and the stuffing. All were delicious. Interior of restaurant was nice but nothing special. Chairs were really strange and not very comfortable but not a huge deal.Great tasting food. however, got the impression some things were pre made a while before being served. Flavors were good and quite creative dishes. Service was quite good.Cochan was the best!  The menu is innovative and forces you to think outside your usual same ol', same ol'.  We tried four different appetizers, three entrees and three desserts at our table and honestly, they were all either very good or outstanding.  The service was just right, with knowledgeable wait-staff who are not only willing to answer questions, they seem to enjoy it.  The crowd is lively but not so noisy as to be an interruption to conversation.  The decor is modest, saving the "wow's" for the food. 
In a nutshell--we'll be back next time we're in town!This should be a MUST on every foodies list. Cochon did not disappoint! From the moment we walked in and were seated overlooking the kitchen, the staff, drinks, and food was fabulous.  Wanting to try all the  mouth watering items on the menu we tried multiple starters, these are all 5 star options cajun alligator bits, fried chicken livers on croutons with peper jelly, braised pork cheeks, boudin balls, fire roasted oysters with chilli garlic sauce. If you visit New Orleans go by and have dinner you'll be glad you did.I will start by saying that it's not kid friendly at all. And our kids were legit perfect last night. I'm glad they were because I don't think I could have handled it if they hadn't been. 
The service was awful. I almost always tip at least 20% and did not last night. 
I can't even remember what I ordered honestly. My SO liked his last night but when I asked how we should review it, he couldn't even recall what we had ate. That's a pretty telling sign
He had the Cochon. And, like I said, he seemed to enjoy it when he was eating it.Cochon was pretty tasty if you have a craving for pig!  The fusion of traditional southern comfort was refreshing to have in New Orleans since all you can typically find is the New Orleans staples (seafood and whatnot).  The tables were a little cramped; not a good place to people watch and talk a little smack! :) The food was great!The ambience was great.  I tried the roast, and it was good.  The shrimp salad sandwich was excellent.  Our server was excellent.  And I forgot my credit card at the restaurant, and they saved it for me :).I wish I could afford to eat here for every meal.  You have to try the dumplings and the chocolate chip bread putting.  So delicious!We haven't been on NO for maybe 15 years, so we asked friends and fam for recommendations. Cochin was on everyone's list. After tonight, it's on ours, too. 
Through a slight miscommunication, esposa and I ordered the same cocktail, the Little Dragon. Gin, lemon, herbsaint, tarragon. A little sweeter than what I normally opt for, but very refreshing. We ended up having another round. ;)
Starters: blue crab rice w chili and cilantro was a hit. Mrs. D would've just had more of that I think, but I talked her into the spicy smoked rinds. These were perfect, IMO. Definitely spice, but with a bit of sweetness, and some snap from the watermelon pickle garnish.
Mains: my smoked brisket was excellent, as was the  horseradish potato salad. Gotta recreate that at home. :) Her cochon (sorta pulled pork) had a great sauce w bacon, cabbage, carrots etc and perfect little cracklings (chicharrones) on top. Two more clean plates. 
We shouldn't have, but we went for the German chocolate cake. It was good, but my German grandma wins that round. :)
First-rate selection of whiskeys BTW. 
Service: solid, millennial-ish if you know what I mean. They are never intrusive and don't fawn over you, which I like. Casual, which we are fine with at a place like this. It's really 4.5 stars, but we had such a good time, I'm rounding it up. :)
Value: 4 cocktails, 2 starters, 2 mains, a dessert, and a cognac for me. $158. I'm good with this. 
Bottom line: I don't think you can go wrong here. Menu selection is not huge, but each dish is unique. Go!!!Eating at Cochon was a great experience and I would definitely recommend it to someone who wanted to get a modern take on some very satisfying southern cuisine. 
We made a reservation for Monday night at 8.30, which was a good idea since it was certainly poppin'! Service was attentive and friendly. We started with the crawfish pie and paneed pork cheeks appetizers. They were both delicious, but I mainly had the crawfish pie which was a deliciously seasoned crawfish empanada.
I had the rabbit and dumplings entree which was so deliciously seasoned, flavored, and delicious. The dumplings were very doughy, almost like soaked biscuits, so order if you like it that style. My friend had the Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, and cracklins which she also thought was flavored nicely, especially the turnips. We had to skip dessert because we were so full.
Standout cocktail of the night? The Rub. It was out of this world. Overall, it was a great vibe, great lighting, great restaurant for people watching. They were playing great music as well. it's fairly easy for a tourist to get to, it's near the WWII museum.I've never had a meal where I said "WOW!" like the one I had at Cochon.  Chef/Owner Stephen Stryjewski and his mates are raising the bar on N'awlins fare with Cochon!  Absolutely the best food in the city - and that's saying a lot!  Great food, great atmosphere!  I will refer Cochon to everyone I know.We stopped in for lunch after visiting the National WW2 museum.  The food is fabulous.  We had the pork rib small plate, which may have been the best pork ribs I have ever had.  The crawfish pie was great, and the wood fired oysters were one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Just fantastic.On my second trip to New Orleans I have to say, I had my most favorite meal at Cochon. While the building is a new construction, the modern maple wood decor is very inviting. The menu overall sounds extremely appealing though crispy pig ears ain't quite my thing. Unable to decide on just one entree, instead I ordered 3 small sides; the Mac n Cheese, the shrimp and eggplant dressing and the broccoli and pecan rice casserole. All were more delicious than the last. My fave was the brocc dish. My dad got the brisket which was deliciously smoky, my mom got the shrimp remoulade with the fried green tomatoes, which I enjoyed though she wasn't too impressed. For dessert, we ordered the key lime icebox pie with white chocolate mousse and candied pecan crust OMG SO GOOD as was the cinnamon ice cream with the little cochon-shaped cookie. I give it 5 stars not only for the food but for being located on my favorite street name in NOLA, Tchoupitoulas!The food is amazing. The smoked ribs and brisket were juicy and flavorful. The cocktails, especially "Hey Jack" were just as good. As a novice to New Orleans cuisine, this is is a place that merits a visit. I look forward to returning to try the fish and sea food in the menu.Food was amazing and service was wonderful! 
We got a few small plates instead of a big meal, it was perfect. The magnolia beer is really fun beer they serve. 
Must make reservations, unless you are okay with sitting at the bar or chief's table!This review is for appetizers of fried gator, mac n cheese, rabbit dumplings and Louisiana cochon on a Tuesday dinner.
Fried gator: delicious, order if you have a friend in town. You can compare or just flat out avoid random gator in other restaurants because this is a good standard for a delicious gator
Mac n cheese: meh. 'Twas decent but have had better. I should had listened to my waiter, Allison? Maybe go for one of the others
Rabbit Dumplings - rabbit was amazing. This dish is fire. Definitely recommend.
Louisanna cochon - weird. Ours was overdone. Looked different than the table next to us. Good but saw the potential to be better. Limiting factor for not 5 stars. 
Service- excellent. Made good recommendations and treated appropriately. She made recommendations for beer. Crispin is a excellent cider. They were out of royaltea that I wanted to try and were able to recommend another decent beer. Advise to have a plan b as wait maybe long. Place is close to convention center so lots of people come after. 
Parking- maybe be able to nab a spot without meters on the last left turn before cochon near the warehouse doors. No meters it seems. Otherwise free after 7 [2017]
Overall solid. Butcher is actually a fav in the city. Cochon namesake was not quite satisfying, so i am confused and a little reluctant to give this rating, but I did not explore cochon to the upper level of the menu to fully appreciate the potential. All the other food was delicious and therefore Botd and therefore, 4 stars. Between the two, I still prefer butcher in the back.Cachon looked like it was built not too long ago. We came here for a really late lunch (it was about 3:10pm on a Thursday) but there were still a few people there eating. Both the girl who brought us to our table and our waitress were pretty nice not to mention they looked good. ;) Holla!
Anyways, the menu was simple and most of the items were decently prices. I ordered the Smoked Beef Brisket with Horseradish Potato Salad ($19) and a side of Macaroni & Cheese Casserole ($6). If you were interested in trying alligator then they did have it on the menu which was the Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Aioli ($10). My friend ordered that and the Oyster and Meat Pie ($8) while my other friend ordered the Fried Boudin with Pickled Peppers ($8) and the Creamy Grits ($6).
Our food came out pretty fast and I'd say it was probably 5 minutes. The Smoked Beef Brisket with Horseradish Potato Salad tasted pretty good and I would recommend eating the Horseradish Potato Salad with the Smoked Beef Brisket; otherwise, the potato salad might be too strong of a taste. The Macaroni & Cheese Casserole was not too big but it complemented perfectly with my entrée. It tasted good especially in the few areas where it was baked to have a crispy texture. The Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Aioli was okay and it tasted more or less like a "denser" chicken. 
Overall, I thought this was a great place to eat and I think there was something for everybody on the menu.This place was amazing. Strolled in for lunch and managed to snag the chef's table. The cocktails looked great but we stuck with beer. Fried rabbit livers amazing. Some of the best ribs I have ever had. Fried boudin was decent. And we got complimentary head cheese that I was a bit reluctant to try but loved it. And we had the cucumber salad in addition to all our meat. 
Totally worth the tripFood so good you'll want to cry (happy tears).   Shared small plates as appetizers.  Fire roasted oysters were excellent.   Never been a fried chicken liver fan, but Cochon makes some magical livers with pepper jelly and toast.   Better than oysters!  My entree was catfish court bouillon.  Pretty darn perfect.   Three of us shared two desserts.  Chocolate peanut butter pie with candied spicy peanuts was awesome.  Pineapple upside down cake was tasty.   Excellent pastry chef.   Atmosphere is down to earth.   Reasonable prices.  Good place to try new dishes.  Don't hesitate!spectacular james beard award winning food, very unusual menu to those outside louisiana and by far not your typical new orleans fare, however recommended for more open minded diners, the chicken liver appetizer with pepper jelly was amazing...Oh Cochon how i really wanted to love you! 
I had such a great expectations walking in since I had heard such raving reviews from a coworker, my brother and some friends. So not the case.
Strike 1 was a dirty glass (that tends to happen though). Strike 2 was a really dirty ice cube inside the water. Ick! :(
The food that we actually liked were fried alligator, mac & cheese, crawfish appetizer, chicken entree, pineapple upside down cake dessert
We didnt like the cochon, bbq ribs, smothered greens (this was actually the worse. Barely even edible!!!), eggplant/shrimp dressing.
Wouldn't recommend.We finally got a chance to stop in for lunch and we couldn't have made a better decision.
Starting things off, we ordered the Fried Boudin Balls. They were nice and crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. The Boudin is made in house and was excellent.
It was only right that I went with the Cochon as an entree, as it's their signature dish, and for good reason. A pulled pork patty, crisped on both sides, topped with pickled peaches and pork rinds, all on a bed of stewed cabbage. It was one of the few dishes I've had that I wouldn't change a thing about. We also ordered a side of the Mac and Cheese Casserole, also very good in it's own right.
The wife was stuffed and couldn't watch me eat anymore, so we opted for dessert to go. We went with the Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie purely out of the convenience of portability and it was definitely the right choice. It looked as good as it tasted, so there was no way I was stopping to take a picture fist, maybe next time. Even if you don't have the room, do yourself a favor and order this.
All in all we had a great experience here; awesome food, friendly attentive servers and great atmosphere. This will be one of my first stops our next time in town.I went with the recommended selections of my bartender - Oh Em Gee!
Easily the most perfect Gumbo I've EVER had!
The smoked oysters and pork cheeks were incredible. 
I will be back and work my way through this amazing menu complemented by a nice wine, beer and cocktail menu. 
Great restaurant. A must if you are in NOLA!This place was sooo goood. Tried the fried alligator, ribs with watermelon relish, and pork cheeks. It was my first time trying alligator, but holy crap, I would've happily eaten an entire gator if they fried it with a side of their garlic aioli sauce. Every dish that went by looked delicious. On top of the food being great, the service was excellent and our bartenders took care of us. Would definitely recommend!!Best food in New Orleans. Upscale but relaxed atmosphere, swanky farmhouse feel, and local beers on tap.
I had the Fried Alligator and the Rabbit & Dumplings. Both were fantastic, especially the Rabbit. My wife laughed at me for ordering rabbit, but I got the last laugh.
Totally worth the price, and totally deserving of a 5-star rating.I was having a bad day and was so hangry that I was that person who gets mad over stupid, ridiculous things. One bite of the pork shoulder instantly turned me from Medusa into a normal, happy person again. Everything I tried was fantastic. I will always recommend this restaurant with enthusiasm, and I will always come for a meal when passing through town.Great food and service.  Dont miss the ham hock and the butterscotch puddingWe were told a 30-45 min wait, but they found us a table faster. The menu seemed more eclectic than expected (spaetzle? sauerkraut?), but I ordered the Cajun options (gumbo and catfish courtbouillon). The food was superb! The techniques were elegant, and the seasonings incredibly flavorful.  As an appetizer, we had the alligator bites, and they too were well done.  My colleagues were similarly pleased, and we found out others had eaten there the same night, with the same results.  Even in the busy restaurant, the service was quite good, so we considered this a big win.I thought a restaurant that only had opentable.com reservations available at 5:30 and 9:30 for the next month might be a good one.  I was right.  I contacted the restaurant directly and had no problems getting a table a few weeks in advance (no idea why).  The service, food, and atmosphere were outstanding.  The goat stuffed biscuit and the crawfish pie were terrific.  The Louisiana cochon with turnips was great.  The rabbit dumplings were bland.  The chocolate cream pie is to-die-for.  This restaurant is cochon (hog)-heaven!I misunderstood this place and was even more confused going out. I went in expecting a fine dining experience, when really this is more of a contemporary fusion of local cajun/creole, BBQ, gastropub, etc. like I said, a bit confused on exactly what that wanted to be. Had the food and service all been amazing, this would have quickly faded to "no big deal;" but, not to be. 
We had early 5:3.. Hostess was pleasant and reserved  table was ready when we arrived. A nice detail. But service went downhill from there. We could hear about half of what our waiter was saying and he was constantly referring to his order book for details on the day's specials which he had not yet memorized
We got our cocktail orders in and I was excited to take a dive into the local cuisine. We ordered  gator bites and roasted oysters with hot chili oil. Man, these local oysters are huge! I usually eat my oysters raw and haven' had gator in over 30 years; so not being an expert, I can't really compare or contrast; but would say they were very good; but amazing or memorable. After dropping off the apps, we were told the bread for the table was still not ready in the kitchen. 
For the main course, I had the beef brisket and my wife the Cachon (Pulled pork shoulder shaped  into a patty and seasoned on the outside with a spicy dry rub). Oddly though, as our waiter was taking his now 2nd smoke break just outside the door by our table, they brought our main course plates while we  were still halfway through our appetizers and cocktails. The asst manager apologized for the timing but just left it at that. No wine orders were taken and, why? We still had half our cocktails left. The overwhelming flavor on the brisket was salt.  Really not much more of interest beyond that. And, oddly, served only with a cold and average potato salad. The Cachon was surprisingly dry which is not what I expect from pork shoulder; but maybe that is how Cachon is supposed to be. Our bread arrived about  1/2 way into the main course.  Odd for sure, but, must say, possibly worth the wait?!
Never did get a wine order in as the timing was just not right, but did order dessert. The German chocolate cake we shared was amazing! Maybe the best I have ever had. Unfortunately, they didn't take a coffee order at the time and by the time I could  put it in, I did not get it until ¾ of the way through the cake. And, when they did bring it, they forgot the sugar. He never did come back with it and I asked them to take the coffee off of my tab. 
Overall, with so many great restaurant choices in NOLA, I'm not sure this makes the "must" or even "should" list for me.Pork cheeks = WOW
Livers = WOW
Perfect spice on the chargrilled oysters.
Rabbit dumplings = can I say WOW again?
Entire party loved everything here. A jewel.Solid and well done. Spicy food no matter what you order, but really solid. Best piece of fish I can remember in years (red fish). Gator was excellent and my companions loved the Lima beans. 
Ribs were almost too spicy but solid. The brisket Was almost too tender to eat. Just awesome. 
Wait staff was excellent. 
Overall a lovely experience.Alligator was yummy! Also tried hush puppies, dumplings, fish (slightly overcooked), ckn thigh (a lil burnt) pork cheek, & the Mac & Chz was AWESOME! cute place & good service ;o)Incredible food. Try the oyster appetizer! Simply amazing. Do make a reservation ahead of time. We didn't and sat at the bar for lunch. What a treat while visiting Nola. Leave room for dessert. Good portions.My favorite part of NOLA!! 
This food will make you salivate as it comes out! Everything is made fresh and we had the privilege of sitting by the kitchen bar so we got to witness everything being prepared up close and come out of the brick oven right before our eyes. YUM!
We ended up having like a four-course meal because everything was so good. We even shared with our neighbors!!  
This is what we got and I cannot say one bad thing about any of it: Brussels Sprout salad (the name does NOT do it justice), Mac-n-Cheese Casserole (holy crap that's good), Wood-fire Oyster Roast (droooool), fried alligator (my bf loved this!), smoked pork ribs (my bf almost licked the plate), we tried the neighbors crawfish empanada (in exchange for alligator and mac n cheese) that was awesome, and I got a seasonal white fish (can't remember which) that came with greens and potatoes that was absolutely delicious. 
They also gave us this complimentary crawfish dip that was amazing!
Can you say FULL?
We were only in town for a few days but if I am ever back in the area, I'm going here FIRST!I'm not very adventurous with food so I stick with the Mac and cheese. It was $7.00 and came with a nice bowl of bread rolls. I was full and it was delicious. I did have a gin and bitters drink. I forgot the name of it already but it had a mint leaf in it. Nice atmosphere.WOW!!!. Sat at the bar and had a killer old fashioned ... Their potbelly Old Fashion that's on the menu was a Perfect cocktail. Miles is a great bartender and his recommendations for dinner were PERFECT. I ordered the wood fired oysters that were singularly the best oysters I've ever eaten. Make sure you ask for some bread to soak up the butter left in the shells. He recommended the Ham Hock for dinner ... It was amazing. Fall off the bone tender and the spring onions and chili's on top were perfect compliments. I would recommend this place to anyone. My only problem was that there was so much on the menu I wanted, one entree just teased me. Need to come back!Our dinner party dined here for lunch today. We had the chicken andouille soup and it was delicious.  The bacon and oyster sandwich was amazing a bit heavy, but delicious and fresh. The collard greens where authentic southern-style greens with a touch of spice.Louisiana cochon was nothing special, my wife cooks better pork from her crock pot.  We ordered the oyster bake and it was good, but overpriced.  Also ordered mac and cheese for the kids and they liked it.  I think the place is overrated, for the money I think you can find better service and better food.  We had two waiters and it was a little confusing.  Not very kid-friendly environment.First time to NOLA.  Very good food.  I would have given 5 stars if it not had been for the one hostess who was very rude that I had spoken too on the phone the day prior to make a reservation.
She had stated over and over that they were packed and booked for the next month and needed to make reservation a couple month ahead of time.  
Well, we decided to stop in the next day and what do I see.....half the restaurant is empty, and its dinner time.  I was pissed off about that.  
However, when the food came out...it made me look passed all that; but for that one instance, I give 4 stars.  5 stars for the food for sure.  
Here's what we got.  
Fried Alligator in Chili Aioli
Wood-fire Oyster Roast
Crawfish Green Casserole
Rabbit & Dumplings
Oyster & Bacon Sandwich
Excellent food.  Very tasty and great presentation.  Definitely try it out and we will be back again.Great food, awesome bread, wonderful alligator and Abita Beers! A bit over priced, but very nice place to stop. I will return. Wait staff is very friendly.Had a wonderful meal....pork cheeks w/grit cake, side of grits, and started with the wood fired oysters (they were incredible)!  Since I was solo, I sat at the bar in front of the kitchen (which was entertaining).  Would recommend this local restaurant.  The service was fantastic!Amazing from start to finish. We each had cocktails, appetizers, a main and split dessert. The staff was very friendly and spent a good amount of time with us walking us through the menu. I started with the oysters (perfect!) followed by the short ribs and the blueberry skillet. Loved it all and highly recommendThis is a really nice, more modern restaurant than I am used to dining at in NOLA. Something you'd find in most cosmopolitan cities; smaller, food centric menus offering a little something for everyone. Done with great attention but over the top. 
Mary, our server was attentive but non pushy; answering my many questions and offering suggestions. She was very pleasant and was able to carefully space several courses over a few hours. Well done, Mary. 
I started with the Boudin balls and shared a charcuterie plate with my dinner mate. The charcuterie was big and could have easily fed 4. Seeing this, I knew I had to take it easy to enjoy my salad course; blue crab dressed in green goddess and served over a nice light selection of greens. Light and fresh. Lastly I had the rabbit and dumplings. Forgoing the fish [my 1st choice] since I've had plenty of seafood this week; the rabbit was perhaps a slight mistake. It wasn't bad but it might as well have been a chicken pot pie. Next time I will trust my instincts.
Overall a very good restaurant with a great selection of craft drinks, micro beers and a nice wine list. Highly recommend when or if you ever tire of traditional NOLA creole cuisine. Which I never do.Cochon means pig, and this place features all parts of it. Ambiance is semi-trendy in converted warehouse, wood tables & chairs & decoration with concrete floor that might get noisy if crowded. Went for lunch. Opted for two plates, very tasty: mushroom salad with meat crackling in mint vinaigrette, pig cheeks with cucumber(?) shavings in vaguely curried sauce. Flavours were balanced, nothing overwhelmed. All the plates look nice, including one neighbor's pig patty over cabbage and another's charcuterie sampling. (Neighbors were pretty close.)  Loses a star in service, as, for all the hovering of two hostesses & existence of multiple servers, no one describes plates well, had to ask for bread, got no water refills, weird table clearance. Good spot if going to WWII "museum" or walking @ art galleries in area.Louisiana cochon, smoked ham and the braised cheek appetizer were super delicious. The wine list is not that impressive and our server was not quite so knowledgeable to help make a selection. Not so many places are open for "late" dinner in NOLA, so this is an added advantage. Our reservation was for 9:30 and we were immediately seated.I was very excited to eat at Couchon this week.
 I had a great experience at the bar, great service and a really nice glass of  Rhone wine while I waited for my table.
I received excellent service from the wait staff and they patiently and attentively answered my questions about the menu.
I was given a basket with 3 rolls like the ones you make at Thanksgiving. The bake and serve type that come in a 12 or 24 pack for $2.00. Disappointed!
I ordered the "special"  salad that had greens and strawberries and fried cheese curds. It was a smallish serving but tasted pretty good as I started chowing down. When I got to the bottom of the plate, I had to stop eating. The salt level of the salad was so high that I wondered what happened on the bottom of the plate since the top portion was so good. I turned it back in to the waiter with a comment. Was it that the cheese curds were the over salted culprit?
I ordered the Lousiana couchon dish  of pulled pork with turnip cabbage and cracklings and some kind of sauce. The veggies were soggy and overdone. Even the turnips! The cracklings were just typical of a Mexican grocery store and not what I though a restaurant of this caliber would serve. I thought that they would be the real deal: Real skin, real pork. The pork was a nice portion, tender but so over salted that I felt like cringing and gritting my teeth. The meat was good enough to stand on its own, why were they over salting the food? Not something to serve people with high blood pressure. Over salting to preserve the freshness of the pork?
Luckily, the staff was attentive enough to call the manager and tell him of my concerns. Will Davis, the manager came to discuss the food with me. He was patient listening to my issues. I ordered one more dish to fill the corners of my empty salt filled tummy, I ordered a shrimp and mirliton dressing side order. It was different, spicy and stuffing like. I could not find but one bay shrimp in there. I thought that since shrimp was mentioned in the title that it would be the main ingredient. Maybe the dish was made of  shrimp that was ground up and seasoned? Didn't quite get that description. Again a dish that  disappointed. It was spicy but at least not over salted.
I left the restaurant wanting to cry. I felt like I just left the salt lick at the stockyards. It was not the 4 or 5 star experience that I thought it would be. At least the food part.One of the best meals i had.
The oysters were AMAZING! And the alligator was good as well :)
It's a luttle bit pricy but worth it!This place is great. Fantastic drinks, hey jack cocktail is very tasty and nice reasonably priced wines. We had jumbo and a cold soup sprcial to start and the drum fish special as a main.  The special was great and cheaper than most menu items!  What really made lunch special was Terrance, our waiter,  he made the specials come alive when he described them.Char boiled oysters were amazing! The whole place smelt like peat! Staff on point! Poached shrimp with grilled cucumbers, basil, chilis and clam broth. Pork cheek sauce piquant with hominy grit cake. All delicious!No. No. No. 
Overpriced for what you get. Either our dishes were  under seasoned or you felt like you were going to choke on pepper. I've eaten next door at Cochon Butcherie and it was delicious, so I assumed Cochon would be just as good. I was wrong. 
Our waitress was stretched so thin between tables that we were forgotten about. We ordered drinks and waited... and waited... and waited. We took bites of the Mac n cheese and French onion soup and sent them back. We were still charged for both. 
A waste of a lot of money. In a city filled with such good food, do not spend your time here.Went with a group of 10 and found the food really, really good.  However, I found the atmosphere a little pretentious and they kept saying things like "chef reccomends....".  Or when we asked where a missing appetizer was she said "Chef was dissatisfied was the quality of the food the first time, so chef is preparing again."  It was just a little bizzare.  But overall the food overpowers the atmosphere for 4 starsCochon was the highlight of our trip.  The restaurant has a fun and unique feel inside. Servers are thoughtful, friendly and knowledgeable. The creole inspired menu is very appealing.  Best of all, you get an upscale experience in a casual atmosphere.  Don't leave without trying the fried alligator.  I highly recommend it!Eclectic menu and it's really, really good. Pork cheeks were flavorful and brought to a whole other level thanks to the garnish. Gumbo was impactful with the right amount of spice. Paired that with the spicy Monstre cocktail and it was perfect. Chose to follow with the lemon wheat. Now I am full, happy, and conflicted on whether or not I try someplace new with my next day in NoLa or come back here, lol. Highly recommend. Inviting atmosphere and staff had great suggestions.I had a "light" lunch of gator bites with a side of mac'n'cheese - both were absolutely fantastic.  Mac'n'cheese was really creamy, and also crunchy from the cast iron skillet.  Gator bites were perfectly cooked (tender for gator), crispy on the outside with a great sauce.  Also had good local beer, they had a few on tap.  I sat at the bar and bartenders were really cool - highly recommend this place.I rarely give out 5 stars. However, Cochon has exceeded my expectations with service and food. We were looking for a place to eat and I  came across a review from a fellow yelper Peter D. We didn't have reservations but we were hungry and decided to go anyway. As we started getting closer we noticed a bit of a crowd. As we walk in the smell of great food is in the air. We get in line and ask for a table and announce we dont have a reservation. That's when the nicest guy walks over and says Im cancelling my reservations for 3 and you can have mine. Yessss! We walk to our table after 5 minutes and the waitress comes over. We order a great bottle of red wine. I notice the pig picture and realized I made a boo boo. My mom doesn't eat pork. WTf was i thinking. I take a breath and after she reviewed it she orders the eggplant and shrimp and the fish of the day, redfish. Whew! Saved by the fish. I order the ribs, twice baked potato and pickled cucumbers. The ribs were good. Nice smoky taste with a pickled watermelon rind on top. Amazing. The twice baked potato had a great taste. While I'm on my last rib, the star of the night Becca, came over with some towels she heated up for me to clean my hands. When our meals arrived there was an entree missing.  The manager came over about 10 minutes announcing this dish is on me. As a former server i was always told "bad news travels more than good news." Nice call! While my mom was eating Becca brought a knife over saying "I noticed you didn't have one." If that's not customer service I don't know what is.  The fish was cooked just right still juicy and very fresh. The shrimp and eggplant had a taste similar to stuffing. Great for those that don't like their veggies. The cucumber tasted like pickles with parsley and mint for a garnish. I recommend this place to everyone. Food is great and the staff is so accomodating they make you feel that every dollar was well spent. By far the best meal and service in NOLA.Great food. Good portions and variety. We got a few main dishes and sides and shared. My favorite was the red fish . Beautiful atmosphere and great wait staff.I went here twice during my stay in New Orleans, and it was great both times.  The service is friendly and efficient, and the food is spectacular.  Definitely the best food I had in New Orleans.  The duck and andouille sausage gumbo is rich and savory.  We also tried the cochon, catfish courtboullion, and the rabbit & dumplings.  The pork cheeks were also extremely good.  Reservations are recommended because this place is also very popular.  If you are at a convention in NOLA, you should definitely find a place in your schedule for Cochon.Great food and libations. The jitterbug perfume was so good! All of the dishes we tried were delicious. Worth the long walk.SLAP! YO! MAMA! GOOD!
     I recently had the privilege to travel through NOLA for about a week. The prime reason for the destination outside of Jazz Fest was food. We had reservations booked at all the big ones (Commanders Palace, Brennans for brunch, Irenes, Mr. B's) among others. The food was amazing everywhere, but my wife and I discussed our favorite places the other day, and mine was without a doubt cochon. 
     For starters, the smell of the building alone is BBQ heaven. It smells like oak wood, smoke and meat. Ahhhhh just thinking about the smell now is putting me on cloud 9. As a group, we started off with the crawfish pie, wood-fired oysters, cucumbers and herbs in vinegar and the mac and cheese. My personal favorite was the oysters. I don't know if I've had tastier grilled oysters anywhere... and damn I do love me some oysters. The crawfish pie was also amazing and unlike anything I've ever had. We order 2 for a table of 6 and we could have easily ordered 2 more. The cucumbers and herbs were simple and refreshing. The mac and cheese was lethal. I urge you not to order and eat it before your main course or you may find yourself full and unable to eat more. I didn't have that problem but some of party did. It is damn good. Creamy cheesy heaven. 
     I went with the pork cheeks for my main course. It was simple and rustic but incredibly complex at the same time. The flavors were amazing and the pork cheek melted in your mouth. The rest of our table tried the rabbit and dumplings, 3 order of cochon with cabbage and one order of the brisket. We were all incredibly satisfied. We are a loud group and aside from silverware scraping plates and peoples lips smacking there wasn't a lot of other noise or talking. The Food was amazing and the atmosphere only added to it. I enjoyed all of the food in NOLA, but Cochon, ya'll stole my heart!
#flavortrain approved and 2 hands on the bellyWas very happy to get reservation here on our first night in New Orleans. We were promptly seated at a nice booth with the view of the open kitchen and our server Garette (spelling?) was really nice. We ordered two cocktails and a bunch of small plates to share. Finally, we ordered dessert which completely blew our minds! 
I started off with a "Hey Jack" and my husband got a drink with curry bitters but I can't remember the name. His drink was a bit too bitter for both of us and our server was nice enough to offer us another drink. My husband opted for the same drink as mine (Hey Jack) as we both liked it a lot. For dinner, we ordered the fried alligator, smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle, wood-fired oysters and eggplant and shrimp dressing. We were also provided warm fluffy buns to go with our dinner which were perfect. I think my favorite dish was wood-fired oysters and then the ribs. I also really enjoyed the shrimp and eggplant dish. My husband really liked the alligator and to me it was just ok. 
As soon as we finished dinner, our server brought out a couple glasses of champagne *on the house* to help celebrate our anniversary!! How sweet is that?!?! We ordered the upside down pineapple cake for our dessert and it was delicious! Of course the food here is awesome, but this place gets a five star rating for their service and sweet gesture. 
**Thanks Garette for making our day so special, we really enjoyed our dinner and will always remember your kindness :)!!**Went yesterday for the first time. No complaints. Service was great, beer selection was incredible with good prices. We had fried alligator for the table which was so good we ordered another. I had the porchetta sandwich special which was incredible. The oyster and bacon sandwich was also great. Good fresh bread they brought in the beginning too. Gumbo had a dark roux which was delicious too.
Would recommend and I would go here again.Phenomenal dinner. Got the oysters and alligator as appetizers. Easily two of the best appetizers that I've ever had. The oysters were amazing. Large and well prepared. The fried alligator was delicious. My dinner partner for the rabbit and dumplings and I got the short ribs. The rabbit and dumplings was supposed to be chicken and dumplings but with rabbit vice chicken. This wasn't explained well on the menu but the dish was very tasty, just a little surprising to the person that ordered. The short ribs were great. Additionally the drink prices were some of the most reasonable I've seen at a full service restaurant in recent memory. All told a great experience and I am looking forward to going back!I went to New Orleans for a conference. I visited this place twice because it was so good. Their cocktail is decent. The bread is wonderful. I tried Wood-fired oyster roast, Louisiana cochon, and rabbit & dumpling. I also had a few bite of oyster & bacon sandwich. Every single piece in every dish was delicious. I feel that they pay attention to detail for their ingredients. Cochon is my favorite restaurant in NOLA so far.