Whatever you do, do NOT stay at this hotel. I stayed there at the beginning of  March and was bitten by bedbugs and have photos to prove it. When I reported it no one even came up to the room to look or help me. They sent me to the next door room after my luggage had obviously had bugs in it. When I checked out the woman named Sue at the front desk said that I would not be charged. However, they automatically charged me and now will not refund me. They admitted to having a bedbug problem in my room a few months ago but will not believe that I saw live bugs that I bought home with me! NOT only that, they were rude, unapologetic and refused to refund my money. The hotel is old, walls are cracked and is in terrible condition.A very cool place to stop for a drink. Fancy, pricey, and classy...but well worth it when you are sitting on the patio, sipping a cocktail and enjoying the magic and voodoo of the amazing city. Worth a stop on your trip, for sure. Service was ok, not sure about the food.Great Happy Hour!  From 5-7pm EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK.  $3 wells and $1 off beers.  Great stuff.  The atmosphere is awesome inside or out and the wait staff (Rachel & Michaela, especially) have always been friendly and knowledgeable.  I only live a few blocks away and this is now our regular spot!Have a unique experience eating on the front porch of this charming historic hotel amongst its beautiful massive columns. 
I had a deliciously rich and creamy crawfish pasta  followed by a decadent bread pudding bananas foster and a really potent Old Fashioned.I've been here a handful of times and had a great time time each time. a great place to grab drinks with friends. good prices, and good drinks. Pimms was ok, had better, but still good. 
I was here for an event, and the wait staff was friendly. They served good food. I tried: alligator sausage, blue cheese shrimp, chicken tenders, finger sandwiches, and ALL of it was good. 
I like sitting at the bar, but because they allow smoking indoors, i usually try and sit outside. (be sure to have bug spray for sitting outside). They have some good sized tables outside so your group can sit comfortably around.Rooms are dank musty and kinda smell like a dead grandmothers house. I couldn't for the life of me lock the door which became irritating after a long day of travel. We, being from New Orleans originally, knew we wanted to stay in our former neighborhood, but didn't want to impose on friends so opted to stay here. The bar is nice and the outdoor patio is a great place to get together and drink some good cocktails and laugh. But the rooms/hotel is really overpriced and I don't feel like the atmosphere that they are trying to sell is worth it. It will continue to be a drinks only place for us. Sorry friends...it's back to your sofas for us.I attended a brunch on this past Sunday at the hotel. The bride and groom of the wedding I was in spent the night at the hotel. We had the chance to see their room too. It's an older hotel with some vintage charm, but it wasn't a five star hotel or anything. They said the room was comfortable and nice. I can speak to the food though at brunch. The food was decent - nothing better or worse than anywhere in the area. The salad was disappointing but the shrimp and grits were flavorful. The deserts were definitely from a box - I had the bread pudding which was awesome but the chocolate mouse cake was not good.*NOTE: This is not  a review of the actual hotel itself, but the Sunday Jazz brunch.
I've never stayed in the hotel, but passed it on the streetcar while riding through the Garden District one Saturday afternoon, and knew that was where I had to have brunch the following morning. I was not disappointed.
The food quality is exquisite... perhaps something you'd expect to eat as Scarlet O'Hara's brunch guest, from a century gone by. Each person gets a complimentary glass of champagne, and for an extra $10 or so, you can purchase the whole bottle (our choice). I had the scallops, and while I cannot remember the exact sauce (this was almost a year ago), I remember it was very rich and drizzled over a bed of greens. The breakfast potatoes were good as well, and the champagne just made everything that much better!
We very much enjoyed sitting on the outdoor porch and watching people mosey along the sidewalks to and from church or shopping. The antebellum-style columns, the hotel's namesake, are breathtaking -- and why I noticed it in the first place. The musician who was there the Sunday was also very good, and played a wide variety of jazz favorites and covers of more recent songs.
Our service was quite good and we left full, happy and appreciative for the small joys in life (like a lazy Sunday brunch with the one you love). Highly, highly recommended.Okay place. Service wasn't great for the location and price you pay for brunch. Outside scenery was beautiful so eat outside when possible! Food was def meh. Salads weren't great. Gumbo was delish: rich, dark and loaded with meat!
I got the lamb chop and friend got the eggs benedict. Both were served with overly buttered vegetables.
Would go back for drinks.It was interesting to read how many reviewers commented on the bad service here.  I thought it was just me. I actually come here occasionally for meetings, and the service here goes from non-existent to terrible. I've served a few times in my life, and I'm the last one to complain about minor stupid things. I don't mind waiting for orders, and I understand when a staff is busy--so for me to complain is a testament to how horrible the service is here. The staff spends majority of their time talking to each other or to their buddies, so much so that when it was nearly empty, majority of their tablecloths were filthy. I'm talking grub and used matches on the linen. I don't have a problem with employees enjoying themselves at work as many do in New Orleans, but do so as you work.  The servers and bartenders will purposely ignore stuff and people so that they can keep talking. It's a pity, because as others have said this place would otherwise be a great place to grab cocktails, and the food I've had here in the past has been pretty excellent. I really hope management starts taking this seriously, as I'm not sure why such a classy looking establishment would want to get this reputation for bad service--especially for what they're charging when it's not happy hour. Get it together Columns.
Edit: I should have said their burgers are great. Probably one of the best I've had in the city. I also remember enjoying a poboy--- but I would not recommend the other items on the menu for the price. You can get way better food for a similar price or cheaper elsewhere. I recently ordered something other than the burger and was very disappointed with how salty an unambitious it was.Get a drink, take a few photos, enjoy the decor.  And move on.  
Drinks and food are both ok.  Overpriced, but you're not paying for the items, you're paying for the atmosphere and the view.  Weird crowd, mix of uptown old-timers and the next generation trying to become uptown old-timers.ONLY REVIEWING THE BAR EXPERIENCE
Well my friends and I learned what a Firefly and Mint Julep were on this night in question. 2 MJ's & a Firefly ~$22.
well a Mint Julep's got Whiskey in it if you didn't know & I could take about 5 sips before failing. And I don't even remember the firefly, but it was equally a fail.
This place was way too crowded on a Saturday night to find a seat outside or inside and when there is no dancing and no chugging of drinks, standing around seems lame.... 
I learned my lesson that I could never meet a Southern man, he would not appreciate my big NY personality and was disheartened. But I did get to stare at some boys who looked qualified to be at the Kentucky Derby.
I will give this place an A+ for style. It's so unique on the outside and I like that they have made it a bar. I did feel a bit awkward as if walking into someone else's wedding though.The Spinach Salad was really a side salad, not an entree! The chicken was good, but seriously not enough food for $12Went to their happy hour here! Enjoyed some wine and a cheese plate which was more filling than ever expected! 
We were able to snag a table out front and enjoy the view and people watch. Very relaxing and a very cool vibe inside! Would definitely recommend their happy hour!!We were first timers in NOLA and spent most of our trip in the French Quarter or Frenchmans St so when our concierge recommended Columns for drinks before we headed to Commanders Palace I was not too excited.  The Garden District is certainly a different atmosphere than the Quarter.  When we pulled up to the entrance it took my breath away.  Its a HUGE and absolutely beautiful mansion with mind blowing architectural detail everywhere.  The main bar is in what I think would have been the parlor and the porch and garden are just lovely.  It was a lovely place to start the evening but I must say the crowd was very young and mostly male.  And even though the place was so pretty and genteel there was a sort of frat house vibe.  Maybe it was just that night.  Still....so pretty that you definitely should go if youre in the area.My wife and I had a great stay at The Columns. Great ambiance and top-notch service. Both Waitresses (Shonda) at breakfast and at night were probably the two best I've ever been around. So personable and fun. We enjoyed seeing them so much at meals. I would recommend this spot to all my friends and family. The biggest thing to me coming from Houston is how safe the area felt. Even the street parking off of St. Charles was easy and accessible. We will definitely be back again!!!I can't speak on the hotel itself, but the outside front patio is perfect for happy hour and late night glasses of wine with friends.  
The ambience is the main reason to check this place out, and you will run into a cast of interesting characters during your evening.Great place to have a Sunday brunch off the heavily-marketed Jazz Brunch Circuit.  The food is prepaed and presented as well as any of the big name places in New Orleans.  Service is attentive, adaptive to requests, and professional.  The atmosphere is superb on the veranda facing tree-lined St. Charles Avenue through the distinctive white columns of the hotel.  The jazz was 1920s, with some creative fusions of 1920s jazz with 1960s and 1970s folk music.  We requested folk, and he blended it with the Jazz style the house prefers.  The clientele was a cross-section of New Orleanians.  Going for 4 stars, as I see 5-stars as mind-blowing on all fronts.  This will be our go-to brunch spot.  Interior dining available for those who are sensitive to the heat outside.  Beautiful old house on the inside and out.   We usually go for evening drinks.  For a quiet, dignified, and elegant experience, this is one of the best places in New Orleans.This review is for the bar only - not the hotel.
Being just a few years removed from college, I was turned on to this place from a few friends who claimed it catered to my age and demographic in addition to it's exc.  I've been quite a few times and have had, for the most part, good experiences with a few exceptions.  
For being such a nice establishment, I was very surprised with how reasonable the happy hour specials were.  Such a nice place to come after work on Friday and enjoy a drink on the patio with a few friends or coworkers if the weather permits.  During Mardi Gras, it's a great place to grab a bloody mary and take a short break from the parades, but it can become a mad house once the parades end.  
My only knock on the bar is with the bartenders.  From my experiences, they tend to be obnoxious college frat boys who seem to only cater to their college (possibly underage) friends.  From what I have gathered from some of my colleagues and friends is that they have also had similar experiences.  I have on several occasions been treated rudely by the bartenders who act like they are doing me a favor when I order a bloody mary.  On a separate occasion, I even noticed them being boisterous and starting fights with customers for no apparent reason, which is very unattractive considering it's reputation for being such a classy venue.  The egos and false sense of superiority I witnessed from some of these bartenders was repulsive.
Consequently, I usually just relax at a table on the outside patio or order from a server inside.  Overall, great nostalgia, good food, and great location to meet some friends for a drink during Mardi Gras or in the afternoon.Gorgeous atmosphere. Worst service I have experienced in the south. Was told to self seat and didn't receive attention for 20 minutes. Waitress was rude, obviously having a bad day. I would not recommend because there are far better spots on St. Charles.The place for drinks in New Orleans.  True southern style and hospitality, with an outdoor area on the steps overlooking Charles street and a couple of opulent oak paneled rooms to sip happy hour cocktails.  Just as a reference drinks for 8 during happy hour ran around $30 including tip?!I love this place. It doesn't matter what they set down on the table in front of me, I will always come back. No matter how hot and heavy the air is, it is comfortable on the porch. And I can't imagine anywhere more relaxing. We ordered cheese fries, which were fine. There were orders for wines and beers and I had a Sazerac. Next time I think I'd order a wine or beer. There was something not quite right about my drink. Music was setting up when we finally managed to leave the wonderful setting.FAWLTY TOWERS with Big Easy flair. We stayed at the Columns Lodge for one week. Most of my comments have to do with this place as a hotel.  
First, the good: the front porch is lovely, plus the side terrace in case you want more privacy and peace outdoors. The staff is almost always friendly and accommodating. The front desk staff in particular is very nice and tries to accommodate your needs. The St. Charles streetcar line is right outside the doors, making transit to and from the lodge extremely easy. There is live music almost nightly and on weekends there's a real buzz about the place; it is clearly popular as a local place to be. We were thrilled to see David Doucette and his small band playing Cajun music on Monday night. Excellent and worth a visit just for that.
The bad: it's cold inside. Too much air conditioning everywhere. Our bedroom has an a/c outlet directly over the bed and it blows, I swear, musty moldy air. I covered my face whenever it kicked on; otherwise I was breathing the nasty stuff in. It must be time to clean the ductwork.
The wait staff was slow and got all sorts of things mixed up.  Sometimes service didn't arrive at all. Everybody meant well, but seemed unable to figure stuff out.  One slice of toast arrived instead of two, one scrambled egg arrived instead of three. No real concierge service but they will call a cab to take you wherever you like (and it's always a super short wait). If you are looking for help planning day trips it's pretty much up to you to investigate their brochures on the 2d floor. That  where they directed me.
Bartenders are inattentive to their customers - too busy yacking with their friends coming in. These boys didn't even notice us coming or going - they didn't offer to refresh our drinks and they didn't bid us a good night. It was the one area where there was an obvious need for improvement.
Breakfast is a pretty sorry affair; don't bother unless you are on a strict budget. Same for coffee - undrinkable. However, the staff is very sweet despite their incompetence.
The ugly.  The furniture is old old old, dark, discolored or chipped and seems massively overdue for an update.  This includes the front hall, dining and bar areas, AND the bedrooms. New pillows, linens, carpet and paint would go a very long way to improve the situation. Even cleaning that gorgeous stained glass window at the top of the staircase ceiling would make a huge difference. Meanwhile, don't disturb your bedroom curtains too much or the dust will get you sneezing. 
The lighting is also dark dark dark. Breakfast room is particularly dreary in the morning. 
Overall, I would not recommend this place to my friends - unless they're looking for good SNL material.I haven't had a chance to try the food but I go here pretty often for the drinks.  The outside seating area is nice and always quiet for hanging out.  The ambiance is nice and so is the decor.  Service...not exceptional but people are nice overall.I forget why I don't come here until I come here.  Stand by prior review, buy an over priced drink, take a photo, and move on.  Addendum, only do it if they aren't within two hours of closing if you want to avoid watered down drinks, bad attitudes, and bartenders that are out of uniform, intoxicated, and more worried about the music playing than you.
It was so bad the bartender put hot sauce in an old fashioned instead of bitters...I'll let you guess his reaction when I called him out on it.
At the end of a long shift there's a difference between being grumpy, being rude, and being an asshole. Some are mildly excusable, this instance was not.Stopped in for an afternoon cocktail on a Saturday in December. What a charming hotel! A bit expensive but the atmosphere is so amazing it's worth it. We went to the main bar to order our drinks and then walked through the first floor admiring the antique decor (you feel like you've traveled back to the 1800s) and landed in the front sitting room overlooking St. Charles Ave and the beautiful trees lining the street. Highly recommend checking out if you're spending the afternoon in the Garden District.I'll start by saying the inside bar area is beautiful and we have enjoyed seeing the Tuesday night music in the parlor on occasion.  The staff inside the bar area has almost always been superb and friendly, but we have had issues with the waitresses service when we are outside.
Now the front porch is a wonderful spot to sit, sip on a cocktail and watch the streetcars roll by, but be prepared to pay a little too much for the drinks and the semi-good food.
... I also had friends visiting from the northeast not too long ago and after 
they got drenched in a sudden downpour they were 'greeted' by the manager who yelled at them like they were only there to clean up in the restroom.  Actually they were ready to spend a lot of cash there... that was a missed opportunity!
So if you just want a cocktail on the porch to watch the streetcars for a short time, check it out, but be prepared to overpay for what you get.The Columns Hotel became an essential visit while exploring the garden district. The spot is an easy visit given its location right off St. Charles and thus railcar accessible. This review is for the bar as I was long overdue for my first Gin Fizz. It is hard to believe the building was originally constructed for a personal home and made me feel as though I should instead be in the tobacco business. The bar feels as though you are in an 18th century man cave with its encapsulated dark wooden walls and ceilings. The smell of fireplace permeates the air throughout even in the spring season. The cocktail of choice is a legend in the area and at a 14 dollar price tag I expected big things. It became quickly apparent this is a labor intensive drink as many steps were involved. In the end a light, creamy and refreshing result was well worth the effort and a bargain compared to more downtown locations. A unique spot that would be hard to pass up if in the area.Let me start by saying that I love this place for a lazy Sunday afternoon cocktail on the veranda.  It has a very "old New Orleans" feel to it and the grounds and hotel are gorgeous.
Mother's Day Brunch was a huge disappointment.  Our reservation (for 8) was for 3 o'clock which was their last seating for brunch.  The service was poor at best. We were seated and given our choice of mimosa or champagne.  After the soup course was served, we did not see the waitress or even the water boy for a good 45 minutes, and then only after we sought out the manager.  The rest of the meal went along about the same.  The manager did comp our drinks after we made him aware of the situation but I would rather pay for my own drinks and have an enjoyable experience.
The food was ok , the service horrible and none of our party has any intention of returning for dinner anytime soon.Sunday brunch on the veranda, with mimosas and live music.  Life couldn't get any better on St. Charles Avenue.We stopped by for a quick drink at the Victorian Lounge before dinner at Superior Seafood on a Sunday, and I'm so glad we did. This is a great space. It certainly feels haunted, with all of the old furniture and the décor of the space. I bet the inside space gets uncomfortable in the summer, but there is a huge porch in the front that probably gets a lot of competition.Karen Dun  was the most disrespectful and unaccomodating hostess I have ever come across.   She did not honor our reservation.   She had a horrible attitude.   She was ugly in her demeanor.  Difficult to communicate with.  Rude.  Never again.Came here on a recommendation. Comfy seats and wooden walls with a roman revival/Victorian feel. Ordered a few drinks and a cheese plate. Cheese took forever to come. Plate contained pate, cheese, prosciutto, crackers, toasted bread rounds, green and kalamatta olives, and fresh fruit with a bittersweet chocolate drizzle.Bar is awesome. Drinks are filled to the brim. Love it. Wonderful atmosphere outside on the balcony. Really recommend.I've been here numerous times in the past few years and have loved my experience. It was one of my favorite places. However, my experience tonight was far from positive. The drinks were some of the worst I've ever had and the customer service was poor - the young bartender working tonight was very rude. 
Please get bartenders who can make a decent cocktail and can also provide good customer service. As another review states, the bartenders have bad attitudes and serve watered down drinks. I hope management addresses these issues, so others can have a positive experience here.A couple years ago, I saw "Pretty Baby" on Netflix. It stars a young Susan Sarandon as a prostitute in a Southern whorehouse, and an illegally young Brooke Shields as the daughter, who eventually gets her virginity sold and then runs off with a creepy ass photographer into the bayou...
Well, the whorehouse scenes were filmed in the lobby of Columns Hotel. But that didn't stop me from putting Columns at the top of the list after hearing about their fantastic porch and classy cocktails. Plus, a local friend promised that Sean Penn was always there. Though I lost a measure of respect for Penn after he started banging Scarlet Johansson, I still had nostalgia for his role as Spicoli in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, so the prospect of seeing him was quite exciting.
My travel buddy and I took the St. Charles streetcar out to the garden district. We were dolled up a bit and unprepared for the sudden cold, courtesy of a storm system farther inland. Still we toughed it out and hobbled along old, cracked sidewalks until we saw Columns rising up from a romantically melancholy block.
A lone hostess in a black and white getup detected us immediately and floated over with the drink menus. A folding chalkboard at the entrance to the hotel displayed a tempting menu as well - I saw words like "macaroni," "crawfish," and "croque," but closed my eyes because we had already planned out a meal destination for later.
The hostess told us that there was a $2.50 happy hour special. We waited for her to talk about Bud Light and PBR, but instead, she talked about a house red and white. My friend had red, I had white, and guess what, both were delicious. 
We watched a wedding rehearsal go on on the steps below us in the dusk, and the porch began to fill with people with long hair, mustaches, tuxes, gloves, and cigars. They spoke with accents straight out of a good John Grisham movie, but they weren't acting. From our private corner, we watched them through the smoke, transported through time and place to a foreign experience indeed.
When night fell and we couldn't handle the cold on our bare limbs anymore, we got a nod from the hostess and moved on inside to the plush Victorian ballroom, where a young jazz band was playing it up. Got a Ramos Gin Fizz for $8 or $12, not that it mattered, since this is the cost of one domestic bottled beer in some NYC bars.
The fizz had the perfect balance of ingredients. The egg white and cream didn't give me a headache, and the orange blossom flavor was dealt with a magician's touch so that it was neither too faint nor too strong.
A trip to the bathroom was a haunted experience, but not enough to make us run away, as we were too busy people watching the elite of the Tulane undergraduate community interact in their khakis, blazers, and floral prints.
Despite the plans we had ahead of us, we seriously regretted tearing ourselves away from here. We vowed to come back during the trip, but of course it was not in the stars for us. Next time. When we return, it'll be a homecoming.I learned a new term today: "Porch sitting".  Now granted, it needs to be said the way a southerner can roll it out which sounds more like "porch settin" to this Northern gal, but whatever you call it, the Columns Hotel is a great place to practice doing it.
We were in the Garden District admiring the beautiful homes and decided to stop and have a Bloody Mary on their broad porch and watch the world go by.  The front porch of this historic building has tables just perfect for"porch settin" and we went inside to the beautiful bar to order our drinks to take outside.
The bar is ornate, with tons of carved wood, crown moldings and original wallpaper all from a timeperiod that has long since passed.
The huge dark oak staircase anchors the hall and the rooms surrounding the entrance have celebrated many a celebration over the years.  And the bartender told me that the hotel is still functional welcoming guests each night.
But back to my porch.  As I sipped my drink and looked at the huge oak trees draped in Spanish moss around me, I thought of a time gone by and of those who sat and looked at the same scenery with eyes over the past 100 years.
Yep.  Porch settin.  I like the way that sounds.Seriously one of the best brunch experiences of my life.  A brunch like this would need a payment plan in my old beloved city of NYC.  In NO however you get the royal treatment (a 4 course brunch) for 32 bucks.  We walked right up and got the best table in the house seated directly front and center on their amazing patio.  As our waiter came by to offer us a mimosa an effing butterfly floated by on a breeze and landed in the GORGEOUS garden below.  I felt like I was dreaming.  The bartender knows his or her stuff and our drinks did not disappoint.  My dish was sort of a flaky birds nest with an egg nestled inside but was prepared to be eggs benedict.  It came with a side of alligator sausage which was delicious.  The prix fixe also came with a dessert.  I chose the cheesecake (which was awesome with a raspberry compote) and my husband got the strawberries and cream which were HEAVEN, and my friend got the chocolate brownie in a fudge sauce which was v. good but not my favorite of our table's selections (a bit too heavy for my taste but good).  When we finished our heavenly meal our waitress encouraged us to stay and enjoy our coffee as long as we liked.  It was the cherry on top of a perfect weekend....with some mother-effing butterflies...damn, I still feel like that part was a dream.It's a hotel but most people just come here for the food & drink, it's a beautiful old house right on St. Charles Ave and they do a nice (but expensive) Jazz Brunch as well as offering regular food service and having a bar area inside off the lobby.  The outdoor space is difficult to beat although the bar can also be good for drinks and a nice respite (and bathroom) during Mardi Gras parades.  Food is consistently average although I've had some good things such as pulled pork sliders which were recommended by the bartender - but you don't go to The Columns primarily for food though, it's definitely more about the cocktails and atmosphere.  Sometimes there's music and there are always discounted drinks during happy hour which is an even better way to enjoy The Columns, otherwise it's a bit pricey but truly a New Orleans experience for both locals and tourists alike.This is probably one of my favorite places. I love being uptown and this is as uptown as it gets. It's very classy and if you want a snack, they have a small selection of yummy dishes. 
I've always had a good time when I have come here. You just can't go wrong with this place.I was extremely disappointed with this establishment. I was invited here for drinks and appetizers. I waited in a long line and there was 1 bartender for a group of 100!  Then the appetizers were few a far between. When I asked if the food was peanut free, I was told everything could have peanut contamination.  This is highly unlikely but speaks to their disregard for any special consideration of patrons. 
But, I will tell you everyone was very nice and the food that was presented looked good, Wish I was able to eat any of it.  I think if you are going to do a corporate event, I would pick another place though. They lack the staff and way under provide food for corporate events.  I wasn't the only person from my group that had to buy dinner after an evening at the columns.This place is beautiful. You'll see that from the moment you start walking up the stairs. The interior is old timey even has a bit of an aged smell to it. Not bad just smells a bit antique. This is a great spot to bring a date and enjoy a nice cocktail over a somewhat intimate setting.Not only does this place have free live music, a great old time bar with plenty of old school cocktails,  they also have great food. They have a small but good menu featuring a huge $10 oyster poboy that will keep you coming back for more. Crowds a little stiff but the drinks are too.This review is solely based on the couple of hours I spent getting drinks here. In their defense, it was a rainy muggy day in NOLA, but sitting inside at the bar would have been a nightmare - it was old, stuffy, musty and smelly. The place is old and has a lot of character, which I definitely appreciate - some of the woodwork was gorgeous! However, I think the place can do a lot better with upkeep. 
We decided to sit outside, which felt way more fresh and is probably a great place for bruch on a sunny, lazy NOLA weekend. The place seemed to be home to a lot of European people, which made for great chatter and people watching. It is very weird that the patio only has these HUGE 8 people round tables - we had a whole table to 2 people while other people waited, which was SO strange. Better seating would definitely help. I had a mojito, which seemed very bitter, but my friend enjoyed it - so that's that. Cant remember what my friend got for her own drink, but she enjoyed that too - I will chalk this to being an off day for alcohol for me, lol! The cheese plate was very promising looking and pretty big, but honestly not very fresh - some of the grapes were definitely rotting.
Would I come back here? it seems like this place is a NOLA fav - can't think why, but I will give them the benefit of doubt and come back for brunch on a sunny day to see how I feel. Until then, I can't go beyond 2 stars!This was my favorite find in New Orleans!  Such a cool, historic house. Great for a cocktail and soaking up the Big Easy vibe and music.  So glad we found it!Honestly, the bar space is kind of a weird space to sit. But when you get over that, this place is a pretty nice time to spend a couple hours. Good drinks.I had high expectations from the chatter I've heard about this place. I liked the bar tenders and the drinks were mixed well. However, I felt like I was surrounded by college kids trying to act like they belong at the big kids table because they are using their dad's American Express card to buy Bud Light and shots. I felt like I was at The Boot. Being classy means going beyond wearing Ralph Lauren polo shirts.The bar at The Columns is beautiful and serves fantastic drinks at reasonable prices. We went there for drinks before walking over to La Petite Grocery for dinner, and it was one of the best evenings of our entire trip. The atmosphere is classy but relaxed, and the building is just gorgeous.The Columns is located in my favorite neighborhood in New Orleans. The streetcar rolls by and the people watching from the gracious front porch is always lots of fun! The bar serves one of the best Bloody Marys in town and the food is not bad either. My family booked two connecting rooms on the second floor and we enjoyed the quirky sloped floors, decor, and bathrooms. The hotel was a great choice for us!!Impressive colonial mansion with a generous and an inviting front porch embedded in the heart of the ever beautiful Garden District. The fire place, mock antique furniture, parquet flooring and Persian tapestries allude to a certain (former) majestic prestige. It is a shame that the pimply, middle class Tulane students in awkwardly-fitting suits and squeaky shoes ferrying to and from the bar in faux-sophistication contribute to creating the antonym of such a reverie.Now I remember why I never come here.  It's one of those places where the regs are so pretentious thinking they are better then everyone and the bartenders share the same attitude.  Shame because it's such a beautiful place.  Does need a bit of updating though.  It needs a "breath of fresh air" for sure.Being away from home and family on Christmas day, we decided to try a reveillon dinner in the hopes that it would be festive.  We  read that Albertine's was one of the best and since it was an easy cab ride from our hotel we made a reservation.  what a mistake!  We were seated in the tea room, all by ourselves and remained alone in that relatively large room for the entire meal.  We were never offered the option of one of the livelier dining rooms. By the way, we were appropriately dressed, unlike some of the people we saw being seated in the ballroom wearing t-shirts or windbreakers. Terrel, our server, was attentive and friendly and we had no complaints with the wait staff. But the food was nothing special... my fillet was gristly and cold. When I politely complained to the manager about our seating he was barely civil. The only people who apologized to us were the serving staff. We suggest you look elsewhere for a reveillon experience.The Columns has a little talked about Happy Hour from 4-7 each weekday that makes it a great places for an after work cocktail. 
I don't know if you consider "fancy drinking" as fun as the people I work with, but if you do this place is great. Plus you can do it on a budget!
They usually have events going inside but tables outside provide a beautiful setting and quite a bit of shade for the summer months. Unlike most bars, you don't have to yell over all the noise to talk to the people you are with and your clothes won't get that "bar stink" common to most establishments with happy hours. 
The Happy Hour is a great deal in and of itself. While I won't sit here and list out everything, the $2.50 well drinks and $3.50 martinis will always keep me "happy."
Some people prejudge this place as an over crowded tourist haunt and I am sure that is true during periods like Mardi Gras. However, on a week day night during the regular seasons, I think this is a perfect place for New Orleanians young and old. 
The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the outside waiters service can leave a little to be desired. The best deal is to by pass them (because they aren't going to stop and wait on you) and head straight to the bar to get your own beverages.This place is great for casual drinks with groups. They're open late on Fridays and Saturdays (2 am) and then 12 every other night. However, they do close when it slows down anytime after 10. Overall, the staff is very friendly. They have been consistent in their efforts in being personal with each and every patron (something pretty important to me). The reason I'm giving them four stars instead of five is only because of the food. The food is below average. For such a beautiful establishment one would hope and perhaps expect traditional Nola cuisine but they don't really deliver in this department, if you're a tourist you probably won't notice but as a local it's a crime to eat here. 5/5 for the bar and staff though. CheersI love having a drink on the porch of this gorgeous house turned hotel and pretend I am sipping a mint julep in the old South.
This is one of my favorite spots to hang Uptown and definitely a great place whether you want to get a drink on date, or with a group of friends.  If the weather is a little too hot for your liking, you can always sit inside, just be aware that it fills up fast.
Also, they do have wait service, but most of the time you are better off getting your own drink at the bar, if you are in any kind of hurry.
Also, I was actually lucky enough to know someone who was staying here years ago, so I got to take a look at one of the rooms.  It was huge and gorgeous and had a real "old" New Orleans feel.  I do some modeling and I would love to do a shoot there someday, but I digress.
This would be a great place to stay if you are traveling to the city on your honeymoon or just on a vacation.Cool rooms but breakfast is underwhelming. Cocktails decent. They use cheap cherries for old fashion. Go elsewhere unless you're desperate.Had a really disappointing experience here. Came for drinks that one of our party remembered to be very good the last time he came. We were served our drinks without the middle mint, saying they didn't have any and if we didn't like the drinks we could get new ones. We were surprised but agreed to try the drinks before making our decision. They were cloyingly sweet without the mint to provide some kind of counterpoint so we waited for the waitress to come around again so we could order something better. That didn't happen so I went inside to order our other drinks. Received our drinks and didn't have much trouble until it was time to pay our bill. We were waiting far too long and finally one of our party went inside to settle the bill. The mint-less drinks were on our bill! At $10 each for drinks we only had a sip of to know we didn't like them, this was unacceptable. Thinking it was a simple mistake we asked to speak with our waitress and then with the head bartender. We were told that this drink (The St Charles Breeze) "did the job" and basically that we shouldn't have had a problem with it. After 15 minutes of talking back in forth we finally said we would pay the bill as is but they better take the $20 off to give as a tip to our waitress, because in no way should we have had to pay for those. If we had stayed another 30 min I'm guessing we could've had it sorted, but why on earth should it have taken this long?? This experience left a bad taste in all our mouths and we won't be returning.I had a dream last night that I was sipping an ice cold dirty martini on the front porch of the Columns Hotel on a hot and sticky New Orleans summer evening.  I don't know if I was dreaming this because I constantly ache for New Orleans or because I constantly ache for a cocktail now that I am pregnant and abstaining.  Either way, I woke up feeling sad and nostalgic.
I haven't eaten at the Columns and haven't stayed there but I sure have visited the bar a number of times.  While pricey, the cocktails are very large and well-mixed.  The view from the front porch is stunning, overlooking St. Charles and the trolley line.  If its uncomfortably hot or humid outside, the indoor bar area is fancy and antique-like.  Overall, its very pleasant and old-world New Orleans.This is a story called, "A Rainy Sunday Brunch on the Columns Hotel Front Porch."
We ducked in for brunch to escape the rain on Sunday.  The maitre'd offered us a wet table or the one by the door, saying that that was the only one available.  OK, we took the one next to the door.  Three minutes later, one of the inside tables left and no one ever replaced them.  Why didn't he offer the dry table indoors?  
The menu was poorly laid out and did not say that the brunch was prix fixe, which is fine, but it would have been good to know that given that we read over the menu and waited well over 10 minutes for the waiter to greet us.  When he finally did greet us, we had to ask him to explain how the menu works and if there were any specials.  Isn't that his job?  Why did we have to ask?
We ordered mimosas.  The waiter brought over our old-timey, charming champagne glasses, you know, the ones that are wide and shallow and help the bubbles diffuse faster?  Yeah, those.  Then, he proceeded to mix our mimosas at the table using a bottle of Tropicana and a bottle of cheap champagne, which had perspired and dripped water all over my bread plate.  It was incredibly tacky, especially for a $30++ meal.
Speaking of the bread, the maitre d' brought us bread immediately upon seating.  He laid out FIVE short, cold french loaves and some cold butter.  Why do two people need FIVE loaves of bread?
When we asked about certain items on the menu, the waiter responded with a bunch of "I really don't know's," and few confident suggestions.
The crab, corn and brie bisque was very very good. It was creamy, but not too rich.  I liked that the portion size wasn't for an army.  
We ordered salads, but the waiter forgot to bring them out and brought our entrees.  He'd forgotten who ordered what and laid them on the table with the meat facing the wrong direction.
We reminded him of the salads and then he brought them.  The meal was delicious, though, to be honest.  The crab & crawfish cakes were rather rich, and would be well balanced if they put a few baby greens on the plate, but they were excellent.  The german beef & veggie special was down-home tasting and yummy.  The salads were fresh and well-presented.
Then, for desserts.  He brought back the giant menus for us to read the three desserts they were offering, obviously because his brain was fried and he couldn't be bothered to memorize them.  He brought out the desserts in no time, but didn't bother to notice that we'd need utensils.  So, we sat staring at our lovely desserts until he returned with someone else's food.
While we were dining, we overheard our waiter talking (in a boasting sort of way) about how he'd worked another job until 5:30am that morning.   
Overall, I would not recommend The Columns for Sunday Brunch.  I think for drinks at night it would be lovely, though I can't say I've been in ages.  For brunch, the service was LOUSY, the food was pretty good, though they could improve upon the bread service, and the host could use some training.  I'm giving it 2 stars: 1 for the food and 1 for the decor and nice jazz guitar action.Beautiful venue in need a some maintenance with passable food a decent drinks.  I was served the smallest steak I have ever been served with some medicare fries.  The bar inside was cool though this place needs some TLC before its physical decline becomes irreversible.Look, bartenders.  You work at the Columns. Not Gramercy Park Rose Bar. Not the Ritz Paris Hemingway Bar. There's no need to be rude. There's no need to be stuck up. Unfortunately, I have to show up at this place every once-in-a-while, but keep snubbing, and your tip only gets lower.  It's bad enough the drinks are okay, and over priced. It's the Columns. It's not something out of this world.  You're not all that. Get over yourselves.I'd been to The Columns on a previous visit to New Orleans and was anxious to go back with my daughter, niece and sister.  It was not a good experience.  We arrived for our 11:00 brunch reservation on time.  There was no one else seated on the porch.  Most of the tables are set up for larger parties but they were willing to accommodate us, or so I thought.  The host merely removed a few chairs leaving the 4 of us to sit huddled together on one side of the table.  We moved the chairs ourselves to give us all a little breathing room.  The host then proceeded to, literally, throw a pile of silverware towards us and left.  I then noticed we were seated at the only table that didn't have one of the beautiful floral center pieces on it.
Three of us ordered the ambrosia.  It had way too much coconut and walnuts.  My crab cake didn't taste like crab, it was pretty tasteless.  My creme brûlée, however, was delicious.
I won't be going back.  It is a beautiful spot so that's too bad.  I'd go back if it was just the food I was disappointed with, but the rudeness of the host was inexcusable.Great atmosphere, ruined by the overwhelmingly meh crowd.
The clientele on Friday night consisted of what appeared to be characters straight out of a Bret Easton Ellis novel... possibly including Patrick Batemen himself, seated right next to us, going on about how dare teachers bitch about their salaries when they get three months off a year (what teachers does *he* know, pray tell? Maybe the one he butchered the night before?) So, I'm not going out on a limb here to say that his group of friends who were cheering him on deserve to be deemed thoroughly despicable. I won't make such sweeping generalizations about the rest of the crowd but it seemed like they'd all be cronies forever, with regular gatherings on a giant yacht somewhere, (if not perpetually haunting the poor Columns Hotel). 
Forced to go inside for drinks because the waitress seemed taken with the table of dumbasses next to us, I overheard dudes everywhere trying to impress the ladies, going on about how successful they are (I don't think I saw a single person over 23, so I wonder how this can be, unless Daddy's in oil). Major ick factor everywhere. But it's just so so nice! I mean, Pretty Baby was shot here! The aesthetic may still be Storyville bordello but all I could see around me was American Psycho. Not right. Not cool. Bring back the cheap whores! At least they dressed better. And most likely were not Republicans.
I can't imagine why the Columns Hotel has to be overrun with such a crowd. It pains me to write this review because I had such high hopes for it. I mean, the expansive front porch and side patio areas make for idyllic sipping of beverages. Should be a great place for a date, right? No. Not unless you're both under 25 and voting Romney.I really only know Columns as a bar, and it is a great one to go to. Unfortunately, it can get pretty crowded, especially on weekends. But they make some pretty tasty cocktails and for a nice hotel bar, it is not too pricey. Have had some great French Martinis and their "Pretty Baby" is a pink drink that is named after the movie which was filmed at the hotel. The only draft they have is Abita Amber, but they have a decent selection of bottled beer. They also have $20 bottles of champagne. Definitely worth checking out.Great place to stop for a drink if you are visiting the Garden District.  Very nice historic hotel and very cool bar.  Also great place to hang outside and enjoy the beautiful grounds.  Did not stay at the hotel, but have been here many times for drinks.Great location for a drink while sitting on their spacious front porch and watching the happenings on St. Charles.  Especially nice when it's raining and you can enjoy relaxing in the NOLA air while staying dry thanks to the columns-supported overhang.  Short walk to Commander's, the Rink, etc.  Perfect for an overcast weekend afternoon.I had a Junior League of New Orleans meeting here. The service was outstanding and the food was great.This place has the worst bartenders and waitresses in New Orleans.  They are rude and slow.The gorgeous setting and upscale ambiance make this a pretty place to catch a drink. I'm in a book group that meets in the private room next to the lobby desk and it's one of the best venues for such a group.
The prices can be high, but Happy Hour brings the cost down a bit. 
On a warm spring day, sit out on the front patio and have a cocktail while pretending you're living in the 1800s... definitely worth the experience for tourists and locals alike.Felt very Southern-y sipping on Mint Juleps, Ramos Gin Fizzes, and Bloody Marys on the porch of this charming hotel overlooking St. Charles.  Enjoyed my great company as we watched the streetcars pass by and soaked up the warm evening breeze.  Was a nice change of pace and scenery from the bars we had been going to in NOLA.This is a really cool place to hang out for a drink.  As visitors, we were looking for an experience that was uniquely NOLA, and I think we got it.  I've had some cool experiences in Miami, but this was really unique.  The drink prices were good too.This is one of my favorite bars in the city! I have been going here since I moved here in 2009, usually for happy hour. The atmosphere is truly amazing - both outside looking out at the streetcar, or inside with the awesome decor. I love sitting at the bar, and the bartenders are always friendly and great to chat with. They have mostly all been there for years. 
The happy hour changed in the last year or two, but it is still awesome! From 5-7pm daily, its $3 wells, $4 house wines, either $1 or $2 off all wines, and some beer special (personally, I don't drink beer). I haven't had a ton of things on the food menu, but everything I have tried has been great!   
I always bring visitors here and everyone loves it -- It will get really crowded Fri/Sat nights so seating will be limited. Definitely check it out!I've been to the columns a few times and have a good experience every time, I always get a delicious French 75 and after two I'm ready to continue the night. The Columns is more of somewhere you would start an evening instead of end it. It is also a great no-pressure place to go on a date!This place smack in the middle of St Charles Avenue is drenched in old New Orleans personality, and the staff is friendly and accommodating (if moderately incompetent). But aside from that there's nothing to recommend this hotel. 
The building is 130 years old and she looks it. While we can say the badly sagging floors and cracked tile are part of the old fashioned charm, there are many other things that give The Columns a shabby feel, that could easily be changed.  
For instance, it would make a difference if they would even upgrade their towels, or offer higher end shampoos and soaps. For a bigger impact, lets replace the old dim light fixtures, badly faded carpet, 20 year old televisions, hard flat pillows, etc etc etc. 
Then there's the complimentary breakfast. It's awful, top to bottom. The pineapple and cantelope fruit salad was crunchy like apples. The grits were gluey. The "cheese" omelet also had peppers and onions in it, and the cheese was Velveeta. Gross. Velveeta! It was also the flattest, saddest omelet I've ever been served in a restaurant. The sausage patty was grey and oddly flavored. The coffee was typical New Orleans mud, which I guess some people like. And the presentation was what you'd expect in a diner. A cheap diner.
I understand the owners have been running this place exactly the same way for 20+ years. They have a large flock of customers who keep coming back year after year to enjoy its prime location on St Charles, snd who apparently don't mind the flaws. In the face of nice cash flow and minimal complaints, the owners apparently never take a look around and ask themselves how they could make it better. It's too bad.
Bottom line, the charm of the place is enough to make it tolerable for a night but I wouldn't stay here more than that. Or come back for another stay.We give them 5 stars for hospitality. Over the top with taking care of us. They even let me check into my room at 630a so I could nap and shower after a red eye flight. 
We give 3-4 stars for bed quality and the loud AC unit. But seriously, the place makes you feel like you are back in time in the old south. Would definitely go back. Awesome free breakfast.The front porch is the place to be on a hot afternoon with so good cocktails.  As with most things, come early because seating on the porch fills up after 4:00pm.  The do server food, but we only had drinks so I'm not sure how it is.Great place to stop & grab a drink in the garden district. Happy hour specials were good. I got a Pimm's cup & she got $2 off a glass of wine. Its right off the St. Charles street car line and was easy to find. Inside the lobby was fantastic, it was like stepping back into time, and the bar was just as nice with a wood burning fireplace, & friendly staff. It was winter so we stayed inside to keep warm but I am sure sitting on the porch on a nice day would be great too.Best happy hour in New Orleans! House wines, well mixed drinks, and domestic beers at half price 5-7 pm weeknights. How can you beat $2.50 for a glass of wine? 
The mansion itself is gorgeous, a must-see for tourists and a staple for this long-time resident.The Columns is very much classic New Orleans. It's a great place to stop in for drinks with friends. They also serve food but I have never ordered any. I've gone here a few times now and the staff is always friendly and drinks are pretty good.  The place itself is beautiful. I like it most during Christmas time when it's lit up and decorated. So beautiful!I actually came here because I saw all the great reviews on Yelp!
I went for Sunday brunch in December, during a NYE 2012 trip.
PROS:
- The food. This is the biggest selling point. We got the Sunday brunch, which included a glass of champagne or a mimosa, and four courses, including soup, salad, entree and dessert. On such a cold day, the gumbo was extremely hearty and warmed me up immediately. It was divine. My salad with beets was phenomenal, and my crab cakes were gigantic and very well-seasoned. The creme brulee wasn't that good though - it was mushy. 
- The venue itself: It's extremely beautiful; it was nice to wander throughout different rooms and see the different decors. 
- Service: Our servers were quite attentive and let us leisurely brunch, without pressuring us to leave; they allowed us to take our time. 
CONS:
- The "jazz" musician: I don't know what instrument he was playing (some type of guitar maybe?), and he definitely wasn't playing jazz. It sounded like soothing classical music. It was OK, but since it's advertised as a "jazz brunch," that's what we were expecting. 
OTHER TIDBITS:
- As of December 2012, the St. Charles streetcar service doesn't run all the way from Columns Hotel to the French Quarter/CBD, so if you're coming from the east take a bus to get there. 
- I had a great time. The brunch was my first meal on this trip, and it was also my best and most memorable. Great value for the price and just really good food in general. I highly recommend a trip here for the brunch.A great atmosphere with inexpensive drinks. The setting is rather old with bit of old man smell. Probably good for a drink and that's about it.I thought the decor and the atmosphere was what made this place really nice since it was a  traditional old school Southern hotel and I was all about experiencing charm and Souther hospitality on visit to New Orleans. 
Seeing as it was Mardi Gras it was pretty crowded and all I ordered was beer so I can't really comment on the drinks much. Still it was quite charming and the person I was visiting says she goes all the time for a drink with friends mainly because of the feel of drinking in an old Southern hotel.Worst mint julep I've ever had. Tasted like mint flavored water. All 4 of us ordered it and none of us think there was any booze in any of them. Also the service was incredibly slow.An atmospheric place to stay in the Garden District of New Orleans with beautiful rooms. Excellent front desk service and friendly staff. The bar used to be a cool hangout for a wide variety of locals (at least when I used to live in Nola), but now it seems to be overrun by teenagers. That was a bit disappointing.I think I am misunderstanding this whole "Southern" charm thing or maybe Columns Hotel is completely off with affecting this particular ambiance.
A friend recommended that I come here for a drink and the ambiance of drinking on a porch of a classic old mansion. I've touched on the problem with recommendations before - beyond a disappointing recommendation, it could affect your view on a person to a degree. 
Columns Hotel is as pseudo as pseudo gets. I'd imagined a porch with some rocking chairs spaced out looking out to a beautiful lawn, with dim lighting from maybe just a few bulbs. Instead, the porch had several sets of metal chairs and tables (painted white) lined up in rows, so as to make you feel like you're drinking at a factory of "ambiance" that stopped at the seating. Oh here, take a seat at the ill-designed seat for a moment in the capsule of Southernness. Did I mention that the tables had horrid green table cloth? Table cloth on lawn furniture. RIDDLE ME THIS. 
We took a quick tour inside, where it was supposed to be all dark and old fashioned, where from the ceiling hung a chandelier with bright yellow bulbs and on the wall hung a low-quality printed photograph of a painting. The photo was kind of the breaking point, I mean, I saw the pixels! Huge, blurry pixels. Have you no class? 
I got a sazerac and having learned that people have a heavy hand with syrup in New Orleans, I requested that the bartender go easy on it. It was still too sweet compared to what I've had in New York. Maybe the New York sazerac isn't authentic, but I think it's better that way.
Oh and the service was subpar.I only dined here, did not stay. The building is so beautiful and charming on the outside and I absolutely love its big, southern porch and columns. The porch has open seating and the streetcar comes by. It is really lovely and I definitely recommend coming here for a drink on the porch. The food was nothing special and our server was a bit flighty. The menu didn't offer any food options that excited my friend or me. I got the burger, which was good, no complaints. Just nothing memorable. They had bananas foster bread pudding on their dessert menu but when it came out it was just like any other bread pudding I've had. No whipped cream or creamy drizzle and I didn't even taste the bananas foster part. It's worth a visit but don't bother eating here.I was brought here by a NOLA native who swore that a drink on the Columns front porch was a must. She was right! I imbibed with a traditional Ramos Gin Fizz (which tasted like clouds and flowers) and enjoyed a lazy afternoon on the porch. I appreciated we were never rushed and the drink menu was reasonably priced for well-crafted cocktails.One star is actually by far too much; Columns Hotel & Restaurant would need  Negative  Stars !!
We wished, we would have Stayed Away !!
Our experience with the restaurant at the Columns Hotel was the  WORST  ever and Ruined Our Christmas !!  
We were looking forward to our Christmas Day brunch and shortly after our arrival we were told by the host that the kitchen is ready to close down and that we should come back for dinner.  We were told that no reservation was needed and the kitchen would open around 6 p.m.   
When we arrived at 6 p.m., a couple we saw walking in before us was just seated.  When we asked the host for a table for two, the host who had asked us early to return by 6 p.m., told us that they were booked out and could not accommodate us.  This was an obvious lie, because only one (1) dining room was lightened with only one (1) table being occupied while the two (2) dinning rooms towards the street were empty.  The look on the faces of the serving staff was sheer disbelief at the words the host had uttered.
When we mentioned our experience to somebody in the NOLA hospitality industry, we were informed that the Columns Hotel & Restaurant has a reputation for poor service and is known for poor management.
Management at Columns Hotel & Restaurant clearly displays a customer service attitude that states that international guests are not welcome.  Our hope for enjoying a regional food at Christmas Day turned into a nightmare and became unattainable since the majority of restaurants in the Garden District were closed on December 25, 2010.
While the Columns Hotel & Restaurant received good remarks from locals, it does not welcome dressed-up out of town visitors who were looking forward to enjoy the holidays in NOLA, at least that was our disappointing experience.Dave Lindsley is a monster bartender. I'm trying not to be an alcoholic, but he makes it so difficult to be sober because of his INSANE bartending skills. 
You ever seen Cocktail? He makes 80's Tom Cruise look like Jumping On Oprah's Couch Tom Cruise. (that's a good thing!)
Dave is an alcohol god who's power is only surpassed by Dave's alter ego, J. Dave. All hail the king!I did not stay in the hotel -I only came in for cocktails, so that is all my review is highlighting. 
I have to say, this is one of (if not, the) best places in NO for a smart casual, relaxing cocktail on a beautiful patio.  The Columns is located in a quiet area about a 20 drive from the French Quarter...near the Garden District. 
To say the architecture and atmosphere is "Charming" is an understatement. 
I highly recommend. Come early for a prime spot-this place packs out quickly on a weekend.This place is amazing! I love the atmosphere, the house is gorgeous, history is intriguing, and the cuisine for Sunday jazz brunch took everything over the top! Walking through the garden district, this 19th century Hotel and restaurant embodies the antebellum era and the food seems to take you back in time. I had the turtle soup which is amazing and the eggs Benedict which are to die for! After brunch, we took a tour of the upstairs, which is said to be haunted by the spirits of the original owners. Very fun and exciting to be in such a historical place. Would recommend.Well, the best I can say about this place is the ambiance is very nice.
Let's take this in turn.
First off the food is horrible, and the is coming from someone who owns a restaurant in  New Orleans. 2nd, The wait stuff is mainly a bunch of incompetent college kids who if your unlucky enough to show up on one of their drunk nights you may get food thrown at you across the bar. Please let me explain. the staff likes to drink and no one is watching them,
so at various times they get loaded and neglect the patrons.  3rd is the so called entertainment which mainly consists of a fellow named John Rankin who plays a very forgettable guitar show on Tuesday night. He is also very rude and arrogant.
You would think he thinks he is Robert Fripp.
Save your money and go down the street to Delachaise. 
You will enjoy it better.AMAZING bloody marys! great place to come if you are in search of a more relaxed sceneI stop at the Columns everytime I am in town.  This old-time mansion-turned-hotel is in the company of some of the most beautiful southern mansions on St. Charles.  I've never stayed at the hotel itself but when I lived in NOLA I often frequented the Columns porch for Champagne Brunch or Happy Hour.  The waitstaff is finely clad in tuxedo shirts and truely provide excellent service.  The special events rooms also have some live local music during the week.  This hotel is a must-see.This place is beautiful! My group of 4 sat at a table on the front porch and enjoyed a bottle of wine and delicious bread pudding! There were musicians playing inside one of the front rooms and it was so relaxing to listen while we socialized.....overall the Hotel is just gorgeous!
However......the service here is horrendous! After 15 minutes of waiting at our table we decided to go to the bar and place our own order. The waitress NEVER even acknowledged us! We purchased a bottle of wine and shared it at our table, getting our own glasses and pouring it ourselves. Sometime during the night we were able to flag down the waitress and order bread pudding (of which was magnificant! It was the best I'd ever had!). But, she never came back! After our stay of about an hour and a half we decided to leave cash on the table to cover the cost of the bread pudding.
When we left only then did the waitress notice our existence. She ran after us as we rounded the corner to our vehicle. She yelled, "Hey, don't leave without paying me! You ordered bread pudding and didn't pay for it!" My husband turned and calmly explained that we left her cash on the table for our order, and that we were just tired of waiting for her. So then she scurried away without even apologizing. He also reminded her very nicely that we left NO TIP.
I think whomever manages this Hotel needs to be made aware of the horrible service. The establishment is beautiful and paying patrons should be given respect at the very least.The Column's Hotel, for most local folks, is a beloved bar that also happens to have hotel rooms.  They have one of the most fantastic porch areas with adjacent "hidden" side patio areas that are some of the best places in all of NOLA to enjoy nice outside days.  The interior is equally impressive with a very Victorian era bar with very reasonable drink prices.  They also have several side rooms available for private events.  I've attended many enjoyable private functions here so this is a fantastic place to book an event.  The restaurant here does decent food (probably about three stars on average) and while it is good there are certainly better places to eat in the area.  The Column's is one of the best venue's to enjoy the beauty that is St. Charles Avenue along with a fantastic New Orleans ambiance that makes enjoying a cocktail here a "must do" to fully appreciate one of the great spots on one of the most amazing streets in the world!I feel as though I can now write a full bodied review because I have not only visited the Columns on many a day sipping cocktails on the front porch, but I have most recently spent the NYE as a guest upstairs. (sorry to disappoint, but no ghosts :( .,  my companion was talking with the owner on NYE, and he claims there are no ghosts)
This once brothel is an outstanding place to spend your afternoon.  How one can complain about this place, I don't know.  You are in a magnificant landmark, overlooking St. Charles avenue. I mean, really.
I spent a Thanksgiving here many years ago with a family member and I can tell you that the meal was wonderful.  
As far as the hotel, my only complaint was that the walls were very thin and we continued to hear some tunes from downstairs into the early morn.  Other than that, the room was wonderful, and to be honest when I am in NOLA I'm not spending my time in my hotel room.  
How can you beat a place that served some damn good black eyed peas, cabbage, corned beef and cornbread on January 1 for all patrons? 
Oh yea, I'll be back................hopefully soon.The Columns Hotel has the perfect porch for drinking a cocktail and enjoying a quintessential Southern experience!I absolutely love the woodwork in this place and the booths are soooo comfortable. Great drinks with an even better porch for people watching. A better summertime hangout is hard to find.Great atmosphere and tasty drinks at Columns!  I loved the outdoor patio area which made me feel like i was enjoying a mint julep in a good friend's yard :)Sitting inside hotel bar is amazing.  Step inside this place and it feels as if you have gone back in time.  Nestled in the heart of the Garden District, this elegant hotel greets you with its large columns and open porch just right for sitting and watching time go by.  Make a visit to the inside bar where you can take a seat at the bar or one of the couches in the sitting room.  The ornate decoration and antique interior is sure to please even the most pretentious.  Come dressed in business casual and enjoy a glass of champagne or any of there special drinks.I am a fan of the columns, but it is mostly due to their local crowd and their ginormous porch overlooking St. Charles. There is no better way to relax than to listen to the streetcar go by on the rails and have a few friends around you on the front porch.
  In re to their drinks? Meh. I've had better, but they aren't bad. A very comfortable mediocre. I asked for a French 75, a standard New Orleans' cocktail and I had the bartender whip out a book to make me one which was disappointing (both the drink itself and the book).I went to Columns for just one beer but really enjoyed it. I would definitely recommend it if you're visiting New Orleans and checking out Uptown.
The place has a lot of character. On the inside there are several small rooms where you can privately sit and drink with your group. The place has a great Southern (Victorian? Gothic? I don't know these things) style. The front and side patios are also really nice. There is also a great selection of beers and liquors.I don't know if this is fair cause I'm only going to comment on the ambiance and decor - but the Columns Hotel needs a face lift.  It's tired and needs a bit of love to bring back it he wow factor.  Also - please put time period chairs in your lounge - not banquet chairs - killing the old world charm.My review is only for the bar portion and not for staying at the hotel. 
First off, what a nice change to take the St. Charles Line out to the Garden District and get away from the madness of the Quarter.  The Columns now has a sentimental feeling for me and I can't wait to return. 
On a recent trip for Jazz Fest, we took the line and walked all over the Garden District.  My mister decided to pop the question while in town and after getting engaged, we went there for many rounds of champagne. 
First off, what a stunning and beautiful spot that takes you back in time.  The massive columns, the huge porch, the big trees out front and the beautiful statues are all captivating before you even walk in.  The bar is a super unique spot and untouched by time. The photos from the late 1800's look exactly as it is today. 
Big wooden bar, hardwood floors and beautiful touches all around. 
Great place to either sit inside the bar or out on the veranda.  
I did notice, that as the evening got later, the crowd was a lot of college students and it started getting packed.  We then knew it was time to depart. 
We ended up running back one more time for more champagne before flying out.   
We will DEFINITELY be back!We arrived and asked where to sit for dinner and drinks, so the staff knew we were eating. We got drink service, and then waited 40 minutes before we had to get up to find a waitress to order our food. After we finished eating, but were still drinking, they rushed us out extremely quickly and even took my half full drink with the plates. The food was good, but the wait staff terrible. I wouldn't come back here.I have stayed at many inns and b&b's in the Garden district. The Columns hotel  is disappointing to say the least.  While the first impression is great.  There is a beautiful bar and great bar scene.  Now the hotel....run down is probably the best adjective for the rooms.  Sometimes old furniture is an antique, and sometimes its just old. The rooms at the Columns are in serious need of a face lift.  Paper thin walls with poorly fitting doors.  You can hear anyone sneeze on your floor.  The old windows allow for all of the bar noise filter into the rooms, even on the third floor.  Did i mention the security?  well there isn't any.  The large bar crowd could easily filter up stairs. The peeling paint in the bathroom and no mattress pads under the sheets.  Management just seemed much more focused on the bar.My mom and I stayed here on a mother-daughter get away, and enjoyed the accommodations. The only complaints I have are the noise from downstairs, and the TV remote did not communicate with the TV. However, being in New Orleans - we had better things to do than watch TV, and the crowd quietened down by the time we went to sleep. 
Our room was on the 3rd floor, so we used the tiny old-fashioned elevator to get our luggage upstairs. The St. Charles trolley runs in front of the hotel, which makes it easy to get downtown... $1.50 each way.  The breakfast was pretty good; I especially liked the grits. We would stay here again; it was a good bargain and the staff were friendly and helpful.You should go to The Columns at least once, if only to drink a Sazerac on an antebellum porch in the balmy New Orleans twilight. You will feel like you stepped in some bizarre time warp. To go on the regular, however, doesn't seem practical unless you are looking to crash a Tulane Law School alumni party. If you want to avoid that crowd, go early or bring your own posse to counteract the Polo shirts. Maybe snag a spot inside. I've been there on a slow afternoon and it was delightful kicking it inside at ye olde wooden bar. Don't bother eating, just start mainlining bourbon, then go up to your haunted bedroom for an affair with a Southern Gothic literature professor.I really wanted to like the Columns Hotel. On a recent trip to New Orleans a group of us went to have drinks on the Columns front porch. It was a perfect night to be outside drinking except we went to the wrong place. 
The first problem was the complete lack of service by the wait staff. I work as a waiter and I have not seen a less attentive staff than that at the Columns. 
Secondly, the drinks were terrible. I mean bad. How do you mess up a Vodka and soda, use very little ice and flat soda, that's how. 
The only reason this place gets two stars is because the porch was amazing.Perfect spot for a southern drink on the porch. Gorgeous architecture and historic interior.Cool place for drinks, old living room kind of vibe in the lobby and a nice open patio, but definelty an older, more outdated crowd and setting.We stayed here for a week in May and fell in love with this place!  Without exception the staff was super accommodating and friendly.  You can't beat the price because it includes a free southern style breakfast each morning.
If you are in the mood to listen to music, there's free entertainment each evening in the ballroom and it's all good!   The second floor balcony is lovely, although a little on the shabby side.  We sat out there with a glass of wine practically every evening, and most of the time my husband and I were the only ones there.
The room was small but comfortable.  Bathroom was small, but a remodel would have destroyed the ambiance and charm of this place.  
Returning each evening from our travels felt like coming home.  I can't wait to return.How have I never been to this bar?
The Columns has been a local hot spot since before i was legally allowed in bars. I have even had friends work here, yet I was always afraid to try it out. I guess I felt like it was too fancy for me before I became a fancy dude. With my new found love of fanciness, I knew I needed to check this place out.
Sitting on the porch or in the bar of this old hotel makes you feel as if you have stepped back in time. The only difference is the sheer number of people clamoring for drinks. I would imagine that years ago people would be more gentlemanly while ordering shots for their group.
Service was a bit slow, but the bartender was very friendly. I was lucky enough to eventually get a table on the porch. This is the best spot in the place in my opinion. What better place to sit and drink beer than the porch of a beautiful hotel while overlooking St. Charles Ave.
I really liked this place and hope to return soon.This a review for the bar only, we didn't stay here. The atmosphere on a Saturday night was very fun even though it was crowded. The bartenders handled the crowd well and still made quality specialty drinks with care like old fashioneds and sazeracs. The place is beautiful and it's worth going just to look at the architecture. It's amazing that it used to be a private residence.We stayed at the hotel a couple weeks ago, and the stay was nice, except for one glaring problem -- bed bugs!  My wife and my son were covered in bites, we've tried multiple times and multiple ways to contact a manager or owner of the hotel, and we've gotten no responses.Old, rundown, and poor staff. AC didn't work well. The bar was cool but pretty much everything else was a disappointment.  I'll never stay here again.Get away from the craziness, and dress up to enjoy the cool ambience of the Polo Lounge at the Columns Hotel.  A bit overpriced, but the music was kickin' and the vibe was intimate.  Perfect for a date night, before dinner, or after dinner event.  It was a great getaway from the French Quarter and near our hotel.During college, I spent many evenings at the Columns, drinking cool drinks on green tablecloths. It's a great central meeting point uptown, and accommodates everybody- nobody has a bad time at the columns. The only bad thing is erratic waitress service, but no matter- you can always trot inside to the darkness of the bar and get your own. No big deal. 
I returned recently and stayed here. I actually had a great experience. Everyone was very friendly, and while this is not a luxury hotel, I felt the accommodations were very fair for the price. Plus, they're so eclectic and sooo New Orleans...I'm sure there are ghosts in there somewhere. Plus, how great is it to be able to walk upstairs from happy hour and take yourself a little nap before the evening's activities? So great. 
Drink here, stay here, whatever. Just go to the Columns!I guess this place is a hotel too, but I think most people go here for fancy drinks in a fancy environment. Drinks may cost a bit and the wait might be awhile, but the ambiance could be worth the wait. I am not sure what the history of the building is, but it looks like it has a good story to tell. So grab a drink and sit out on the patio or in one of the downstairs lounges. Just imagine you are in the times of Tennessee Williams.Me and the Columns are in a long term relationship. Even though I don't see her that much anymore she stills knows we're cool. Our flirtation began back when I was a youngin' in my college days. I thought this place was so awesome because me and my friends could feel fancy and have real talks without any fist pumping music in the background. Fast forward 5 years and I see the Columns is still infiltrated with college kids reminding me of my ever fading youth. On weekends its really more of a mixed crowd so everyone feels welcome. My most recent trip was great and it made me realize I never wrote a review for such a nostalgic. On a rather busy night, my group of 6 scored a table outside. We had a lovely cocktail waitress who brought us drinks all night. My French 75s were on point. 
Even thought he interior is pretty, I love sitting outside on the big porch watching the streetcars go by. I still would recommend you to explore the rooms inside if you have never been because coming from a historic standpoint its really beautiful.Came here on a rainy Monday, so it was nice and quiet. Building is gorgeous, with so much history. I was looking out for the 3 ghosts that are said to haunt the hotel, but they were off doing other things...
Sat inside the parlour for some Pimm's Cups which they do very well. Loved the old-timey feel of the place. Service was good.
Went outside on the porch for some more Pimm's Cups. Felt so civilized watching the rain come down and the trolley's go by. Only problem was the mosquitos lurking under the table that ate me alive. :( 
Apparently they are known for their Mint Julep's, but since I am not a fan, I just stuck with the Pimm's.We went to the Columns for its Sunday brunch on Superbowl Sunday. The weather was cool by New Orleans standards, but lovely to us, so we opted to sit outside on the main porch. Chip Wilson and his guitar provided a wonderful backdrop to the meal. 
Brunch consists of four courses. Seafood gumbo came with a dollop of white rice on top. It was dark (a perfect roux!), thick with shrimp and clams, and had just the right level of spice. We both opted for an arugula salad as second course that was dotted with fried prociutto and topped with a lemon vinaigrette. For our mains, we had a surf & turf (steak and shrimp) and a crab cake. The steak was perfectly rare and buttery. The crab cake was a bit too dense for my companion's taste, being less lump crab and more bready in consistency, but the flavor was good. 
For dessert we opted for bread pudding with whiskey sauce (the pudding was light and fluffy) and peach cobbler a la mode, which was a perfect bite of the south and made up for the too-thick crab cake.
We took the opportunity to chat with Chip between songs and found him to be charming. He had several CD's for sale and we opted for a blues vibe. He played and sang the entire brunch and was happy to take our request. A real treat. 
Sitting in the sun, enjoying mimosas, good food, great music...hard to complain.Our weekly Tuesday Night Troupe of bicyclists paused our bicycling escapade at the Columns Hotel for a brief respite.  There were about 20 in our entourage and we quickly dispersed throughout the facility.  Some of us headed for the restrooms, some for the bar, some for the confines of the various first floor rooms to listen to the four guitarists performing, and the rest, like myself, took up seating on the front porch overlooking scenic St. Charles Avenue.  The place was pretty congested for the free musical performances and since there were only two waitresses on duty, I went to the bar to place my order.   I got a bottle of Abita Amber beer to refresh myself while awaiting the arrival of a dressed Oyster Po-Boy.
There were about eight of us seated at a large round table, just at the top of the stairs on the front porch.  There was even a brilliantly colored  red parrot along for the ride and perched at our table.  The outdoor speakers were turned off, so the music from within was just barely audible.  We sat there for just over an hour enjoying each others' company and lighthearted conversation.  We talked about the bike friendly weather and terrain of New Orleans versus the northeastern United Sates.  We talked about planning daytime bike rides to better appreciate the diverse and unique architecture of New Orleans.  It just happens that the temperatures in New Orleans are more conducive to bike riding during the evenings.
When my Oyster Po-Boy arrived, it was accompanied by a side order of french fries.  I shared the french fries with the parrot and he was as happy as a lark, pun intended.  I am a real Tabasco Hot Sauce aficionado and I like to blend it with ketchup for dipping my french fries.  I'm not sure if its a fiscal consideration are not, but oftentimes and in this case I had to settle for Crystal Hot Sauce, which is flavorful, but not at all hot.  The Oyster Po-Boy was really good going down, but it wasn't so good to me afterwards.  Perhaps this was because I ate it rather quickly and didn't allow ample time to digest it properly.  Perhaps the batter that the oysters were fried with and the french bread absorbed a lot of the oil that was used to fry the oysters.  Whatever, we had a moderately paced ride to the French Quarter and I had indigestion all way there.One too many bites at the apple for The Columns. Tonight my bike group stopped by for some music, food and drinks. It was another early spring cold night in New Orleans and I wanted something hot and I knew that they have a very good oyster soup so I ordered a bowl. The waiter takes my order with an additional Arnold Palmer on the side. After I made my order our ride leader ordered the same meal and was told a different price than I had for the same items. My friend proceeded to pay for his meal with a $20 bill when he received his change it was change for a $10. I challenged the waiter about the price discrepancy and my friends shortage to avail. Then came what was supposed to be my bowl of soup, to my disappointment I see a cup of soup placed before me. I then asked the waiter, "Didn't I order a bowl of soup?" His response, "We don't have bowls!!!" The service this night was poor to say the least. I will never order anything from that guy again. The food itself is excellent especially the $10 oyster poboy with fries. The drinks are great two though a little expensive and since my group made the Arnold Palmer popular they raised the price from $3 to $4. I hope this was one bad night and not a trend.Perfect place to have an afternoon/after work drink. I love to sit on the front porch and enjoy a cocktail with friends. Located right on the streetcar line of St. Charles Ave. When you walk inside the Columns it is like taking a step back in time. It has kept it's old southern charm. The bartenders aren't quick...be prepared for that. The crowd is diverse. However, I wouldn't call it a t-shirt and shorts type of place. They do Sazeracs well enough...not the best in the city no doubt, but certainly enjoyable!  Overall a nice place to have a drink or two, not somewhere I would stay all night long.Terrible service. My husband and I decided to come here for our 5 year anniversary dinner. Even though they don't take reservations, we risked it because I was looking for good atmosphere and outdoor seating. A friend suggested that we go there, so we decided to try it out. At first it seemed very lovely, great atmosphere, very antebellum. It was a friday night and all of the outdoor seating was full. We didn't bother waiting because NONE of the outdoor tables are designed for small groups. If we sat outside, we would be taking up a table that could fit about 8 people for just the 2 of us. No big deal, the inside was nice and had a jazz band playing. I didn't see a hostess, so I went straight to the far back and found a man sitting at a desk. I asked him, "where do we need to go to be seated?" he said "anywhere you can sit down, it's open seating." It seems that someone should be near the door to explain that to people. There were only 2 visible small tables that were open (besides the one RIGHT in front of the band.) We sat down and waited for some service (and for them to bus the table.) About...7 minutes later, a girl came over and asked "can i clear this out of your way?" and I said "these aren't ours," and she said "oh i'm sorry!" and cleared the table and left. SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO CHECK ON US. I FLAGGED HER DOWN, "do we wait for service or order at the bar?" "you can open a tab at the bar if you'd like or I can get you a server," me: "yes please, can we have a server and some menus?" So we've been here almost 15 minutes...about 5 minutes later, NO one had come to our table. I don't see how that's so difficult to just bring us menus and say "hi we'll be with you shortly" so we just left. In my experience, if it takes that long for some service, it's a disaster waiting to happen and I'm better off not dealing with the aggravation. We would probably have waited an eternity for food. Also, our table cloth was dirty and covered in food and that was never taken care of, the girl only cleared the dishes. I was SHOCKED that a place this nice would have such terrible service. I can't speak for the hotel experience, but if the same people run the hotel, I wouldn't waste my money.This review is for the bar and live music happening at the Columns Hotel. 
I went to New Orleans knowing absolutely no one. I left my vacation here having made two friends. I met one of them at a movie theatre. After the flick, he suggested that we grab a bite to eat at La Madeleine Cafe. 
After our late lunch-early dinner, he asked one of the staff members where a good place would be to get a drink. We ended up taking the streetcar to the Columns Hotel. 
The hotel is beautiful! It's white and grand, with majestic green trees all around the property. It was muggy in September, so we went inside. There are steps and a huge deck to go up and though. The interior is equally as charming and classy. 
We learned that there was live music on Thursday nights. We moved into a lovely room and listened to Naydja Cojoe sing. Her voice was beautiful and rich, delicate when it needed to be. I bought her CD and signed up to be on her mailing list. 
My friend's aunt stopped by. She is a free-spoken, amazing person. She got down and danced. We joined her, which was a ton of fun. 
My friend was a bit tipsy after having a few Bourbon beverages. I went with a couple of rum and cokes. Yum!
We sat outside the hotel, where there we plenty of seats and tables. He waited for his aunt to pull up with her car. 
It was strange that they never offered to give me a lift back to my hotel, but we had just met that day. It was getting late, so I asked the person working the hotel check-in counter for a taxi. Ten minutes later, it was there.
I'd recommend coming here with friends for great music and classy drinks in a wonderful New Orleans neighbourhood. Even if you come by yourself, meeting friendly folks is expected here. 
(120)I was really disappointed with this place, mainly because of the service.
We made reservations for their Sunday Jazz brunch well in advance.  When we arrived there was a guy playing an acoustic guitar outside and all the tables were full.  The host told us we had to sit inside.  The inside was empty except for a large group of loud guys (maybe 8 of them).  LOUD! 
It was freezing inside.  
The dinning room was not even set up right and it took three tries to get us silverware and napkins.  T
The food took forever to come out and it was cold when it did.
THERE WAS NO JAZZ!!!!!!!!!! 
Our server was inattentive and was just hanging out in the kitchen according to another server who we had to ask to get ours twice.  
FAIL!  The service here blows and considering the price range there is absolutely no excuse for this.  
We will never be returning.  
Thanks for a crappy brunch Columns Hotel!I am going to skip the part where I would normally rave about the awesome happy hour, good drinks, unique atmosphere, etc, because it's been clearly established how great the Columns is on a day-to-day basis.  However, I just held a party there over the weekend and I wanted to let everyone know how awesome it was!
The catering director, Sasha, is great.  She was very communicative and accommodating.  
We got to have a tasting before-hand to pick the food (we were just doing hors d'oeuvres) which was quite fun.  They had to pair our tasting with a wedding rehearsal group, which ended up being a blessing in disguise because we sampled some things that I wouldn't have thought to try.  The tasting was what sold me on their wonderful mini quiches - I could eat those all day!  We picked the quiches, mini-muffulettas, oysters Rockafeller, and petit fours.
The staff on the day of the party was superb.  Our bartenders couldn't have been more friendly, and their drinks were perfect as usual.  The servers were great about making rounds with the hors d'oeuvres.  One of the senior staff members was on hand the entire time to make sure everything went smoothly.
By the way, the petit fours were a huge hit.  You can't sample them beforehand, but they are made by Sucre and trust me, they're worth it.The building itself was awesome and sitting on the front porch in the afternoon for cocktails and a charcuterie plate were lovely. However, service was sub-par and the drinks were watered down. I've had much better mojitos for the price. The charcuterie platter was also nothing to write home about, but as stated before, it's a great place to relax and enjoy the front porch, trees, and listen to katydids.The Columns hotel was one of the locations I wanted to visit during our trip.  It was easy to get to using the St. Charles streetcar.  We were a bit worried that we were underdressed at first (I was wearing shorts) but noticed the relaxed atmosphere and people in jeans.  We had drinks in the bar.  Our drinks were excellent! My husbands French75 was deeelicious.  And the prices were not overpriced for the drinks. The prices here were a few dollars less than in the french quarter.  Would definitely go back!The Columns Hotel is a bit confusing if you are trying to pop in for lunch or a drink. It's a casual and laid back scene, you can head to the bar and order bar food and take it to a table or chair if you want. That's it. And there are times I believe lunch ends at 3PM. It wasn't really what I was expecting. People like to sit on the porch for drinks but the porch chairs set up was not very nice or inviting looking. Overall it's an old hotel and if you like that quaint lifestyle, enjoy!No this is not the height of current decorating but I love this hotel. It could use some love but the rooms are large and the porches are amazing. The breakfast is better then most continental breakfasts and the people who worked there were nice. If you are a light sleeper I wouldn't suggest it because of the downstairs bar but for us it was lovely. We took drinks from the bar to the upstairs porch and watched the people and the streetcars pass us by. I will stay here againColumns is an iconic place for sure. Too bad the service and the cocktails aren't very good. I went there on a weekday after Mardi Gras and the place was absolutely dead, I think there were only 3 customers in the entire place and about 10 teenage/college kids behind the bar. Service was very bad and slightly unprofessional. It's not the employees fault entirely but mostly a fault in management. There was a older guy that came downstairs and made the bartender put on different music, even tho there was nothing wrong with it and the only 3 customers at the bar, myself included, were younger and actually liked the music that was being played. Then the manager put on some snoozy jazz that literally made me have to leave or else I was going to fall asleep. He was also very rude and just plain not friendly in front of the customers. I tried to say hi and he didn't even look at me. Rude.Delicious burger! No dress code, stop and grab a quick bite while you are around or coming back from the zoo! I tried the french 75 with brandy, upon suggestion from our lovely server, and it was great. Great ambience, great (and fast) service, great food! We hope to come back! Thanks so much! (2/21/18)I went back last weekend. Great service, new menu, complimentary champagne. Table of 4 ordered 3 different entrees all were great! My former review was a 3. This is a totally different review because it is deserved. We had chicken and waffles, pork loin, and omelette and shared tastes. All were great. 
Music also very enjoyable. Chip Wilson played 1930s guitar like Gershwin and Cole Porter. It was not too loud, it was the perfect volume. Beautiful but not obtrusive.Decided to go on a Wednesday after work cocktail run. We began before 5 which is when most places we frequent open, so we decided to start at the Columns and then move on. It was a gorgeous day so sitting on the front porch was a no brainer though the side patio was inviting too. I ordered a mint julep which the setting seemed to dictate and my drinking companion ordered a Pimm's. They were both ok at best. But it didn't really matter because the setting was so perfect. We were there so early that he crowd, which  was mostly older and touristy, was light and not a factor in the experience as it has been in some of the reviews.   All in all a positive experience.Lovely place.  Great front veranda to hang out on and have an early evening drink.  Very attentive/supportive staff both at the desk and in the Bar.  Bartender is good, caring and realistic!  Able to juggle and addresss the patrons all around the bar and in the booths.
Same applies to the hotel desk staff.
Went for a Sunday evening Jazz combo.  Unfortunately the combo which was supposed to start at 8PM, still hadn't gotten that acts together by 8:45.  They arrived around 8, however, they were more interested in talking and joking with each other than getting serious about playing.  Finally walked out.  Can't hold it against the place as they were all top level.  Everyone but the combo thought it was to start at 8, not whenever...
Would we return?  Absolutely,  Just not for the same group.This has been hit or miss with me. I wouldn't wait for a seat but if I can get one, pretty good food. Great brunch. Love the mimosas, strong mint julips, bloody Mary's. 
Before holiday parties, nice meet-up for a French 75 and the fireplace. Warmer days, great brunch or afternoon cocktails on the front porch. (Or on Cinco de Mayo when it's balls to the walls and sidewalks at Superior Grill.)  You're welcome. ;)I stayed here in the fall and well it was interesting to say the least. Each room in the hotel has a specific theme. Check out the hotel's website so that you can really get a gist of how different each room is. The hotel is the opitomy of old school New Orleans, which means it has that kind of eerie feel to it. A lot of the rooms have those paintings that follow you with their eyes, which would be okay if it wasn't a painting of children across from your bed. 
All in all, The Columns Hotel was an experience that is unique to New Orleans.
FunFact: Pretty Baby (1978) was filmed here.Im only giving it 2 stars because the cocktail waitress sucked so bad.  she didn't suck...she doesn't.do.anything.
first, the waitress saw me walk in and didn't even move a muscle and kept bullshitting with the bartender.  I sat for 5 minutes and nothing. I go to the bar and she still doesn't say a word so i talk to the bartender about my order and drink.....i look over and say hello and she gives me the "why the fuck are you talking to me face"....awesome.   talk about a waste of a paycheck....the bartender brought me my appetizer and drink, she is useless and looks like a a moron.
also don't advertise a "perfect bloody mary" when you're clearly making a cheap vodka and bloody mary mix drink with some jarred picked green beans.   WTF.
ive been here 45 minutes and she hasn't come back to check on me once.  So beware of service coming here and don't get excited about the drink menu.
but the raw beet bruschetta however was quite good.  toast was a good crispy consistency and the beet and goat cheese portions well distributed.  so i recommend that if you do come here.speaking from a tourist's perspective:
This was the fanciest bar in NOLA that I visited. Dress is business casual, the crowd consists mostly of yuppies in their mid to late 20s. The ambience is romantic thanks to the magnificent white mansion/hotel backdrop, smooth beats on the speaker, and elegant furniture inside and out.
Definitely glad I stopped by here. The bartender made a decent ManhattanI'm rating this on the bar.  This place is known for it bar, not its food, and based on the reviews below, that seems to be the consensus.
The bar is fantastic.  While service can be a bit slow at the actual bar, the drinks are good (despite a moderate beer selection) and reasonably priced.  Sitting at a table and getting a cocktail waitress is a better option.  Sitting on the porch is a fantastic every time.  They manage to make it comfortable even in the summer heat.  This is New Orleans and old school south at its most relaxing best.This place is weird but in a good way.  Before I moved here, I stayed in this hotel and there were definitely ghost roaming around my room.  The floor is literally slanted so much from old age and a caving in foundation that if you put a ball on the floor it would quickly roll to the other side.  I didn't necessarily mind any of this, but I like old weird things.  The bar area is great.  Very old unique antique feel to it.  It almost is like time stood still in there.  The porch is also quite wonderful if the weather is right.  I plan on going back there now that I live just up the street.Stayed for 3 nights over valentines weekend. Yes it's a grand old house, that creaks, and groans, and has sloping floors. Every room is decorated with antiques individual to each space. The entire staff was gracious and accommodating and greeted me by name by the second afternoon when they saw me in the hall. The breakfast they served us in the mornings was hot, delicious, and faster than the McDonald's drive thru. A hello and huge thank you to Shonda for taking such wonderful care of us, at breakfast and sharing with us what Mardi Gras was like for her during her growing up years. The drinks in the bar are strong, and the porch and veranda make you lose track of time. It's right on the street car line, and parking on the street was easy.I've only been for happy hour and absolutely adored the outdoor seating and drink specials. How could you not enjoy a spring evening in the Garden District (cue whiffs of gardenias and  night blooming jasmine) with inexpensive cocktails and a Victorian scene?Easily the worst brunch I've ever had in the city. The service was terrible - the waitstaff were sloppily dressed teenagers. No one refilled any of our drinks and after ten minutes, I had to go to the bar to get my own (bland) Bloody Mary cocktail, despite having ordered it directly from the waiter but never getting it. Likewise, my guest eventually (during the dessert course) got up to refill her coffee cup, after having no refills throughout the meal and also having sat for over 40 minutes with an empty water glass and nothing else to drink. 
The 'jazz' brunch is $40 per person and completely overpriced for what you get. The live music - one guy with a guitar on the front porch who wasn't playing jazz - wasn't great. His music competed with the top 40 tunes blaring from the bar. 
The gumbo and crab/corn soup were both decent. The house salad was sad and the dressing was practically nonexistent. The ambrosia salad was room temp grapes and raisins with slices of mushy banana and walnuts, covered in vanilla yogurt and some coconut. 
Both entrees (there are only 4 choices) were awful: Eggs Benedict consisted of boiled eggs served on stale pastry with a burnt corner, a slab of ham and congealed hollandaise sauce. It was barely warm. The shrimp and grits were also cold and was basically a bowl of bland grits with 3 boiled (previously frozen?) shrimp in a thin sauce. 
Dessert was okay - my cream brûlée was fine but my guest's pecan pie was served with a dab of deflated 'whipped cream' aka RediWhip from a can and the pie itself was cold. Very cold. Like straight from the fridge. It was like icebox pie. 
I saw what I thought was a manager, but she only came into the dining room to refill her personal cup of coffee from the pots which were sitting out on the buffet table against the wall. 
$100 brunch for two people - completely disappointing in every way. Save your time and tastebuds and just go to Commanders Palace. If they're booked, get an eggo waffle...it'll taste better.Very pretty old world New Orleans. We like to take people from out of town here. We like to take friends/family for a stroll down Saint Charles or ride the street car and stop at the columns for a brandy milk punch on the porch and then we'll move on down the street to the Delachaise to sit on the patio and have drinks and eat. It's a perfect way to spend a late afternoon early evening! We only go when we have people visiting but it's a great place to go and experience the St Charles and what life used to be like with a mint julep or milk punch.Christmas day and very few places to eat at. So we check around and find this wonderful old hotel that's serving Christmas Brunch. It's ion a beautiful part of New Orleans, close to Tulane University and Loyola. The homes are those stately mansions you come to expect in the old south. 
We made a reservation and showed up right on time. They have three rooms to choose from and we took the room that was light and airy looking. Well before we ordered I noticed it was unusually cold in the room, before the end of brunch I had icles on my nose, and a woman was taken from the restaurant in an ambulance shaking. No joke, not sure if it was the temperature or she just fell ill. Now to get to the food. 
Its a three course meal and we start with gumbo. We all can appreciate the warmth of the soup because it's still hovering around 40 degrees inside. Then on to the main course. I order the shrimp and grits, the g/f ordered the eggs Benedict, her mom orders rack of lamb and her dad orders the salmon. All four meals were quite good. The final was either apples baked with ice cream, or cheese cake with berries. I've had better deserts but we felt lucky to find a place open for brunch on Christmas Day.Only came here for a cocktail, but the experience alone made a huge impression.  I would much rather spend my money here than all those touristy overhyped bars in the French Quarter.  My Bloody Mary was rather tasty and I especially loved the garnish-I could eat those pickled green beans all day.  The bartenders were attentive and friendly and made me feel like I belonged there, even though I was dressed super casual and wearing Vans sneakers.  History, beauty and charm...if that's what you're looking for The Columns Hotel is the place to beHave never stayed at the hotel but have spent many nights at the bar. The drinks I've had have always been stiff, prompt, and well priced. Jameson seems to be a crowd favorite, so I've always followed suit. I plan on going back this weekend and for New Years Eve! #GiddyUpThe Columns is a charming place to have a drink and take friends, especially out of towers. It's very old New Orleans, but I will say they are due for a refresh as its getting a bit musty and aged in the bar area. The wine selection is poor but the cocktails are good and snacks available are nice. I love this place despite itself. It feels like having a drink at your haughty aunt's rundown mansion: Patina-quaint but homey.Had another great meal and drink at the Columns. They feature some of the best fried oyster salads and poboys and a price that can't be beat anywhere else in town. On warm days the porch is absolutely beautiful and the drink selection is outstanding. My personal favorite cocktails there are the Pimms Cup and the Brandy Milk Punch, for you non-alcoholics they make a wonderful Arnold Palmer. Always enjoy a nice bike ride there with some very interesting music on most nights.This was possible one of my favorite hotel bars in New Orleans.  Love love loved it.  
Many happy hour semi-party/gatherings were had and then some.  I think because of the Column's close proximity to the university campuses and it being Uptown (evidently some of us couldn't be bothered to cross into/through the Quarter, yeah, I don't know) - it was easily accessible along the streetcar's path.  One of my friends lived within walking distance of the Columns for a year and you bet your butt we were always finding an excuse to have a drink or two here.  
So the Columns Hotel is one of those charming New Orleans-esque boutique hotels.  It's not very high occupancy, but it has that historical feel that often attracts wedding receptions, small galas, and other formal events.  It's a tad creaky, especially when you make way to the restroom area, but the bar area is quite impressive.  It's spacious and luxurious, stocked with cushy shiny leather couches.  The patio is rather expansive as well.  Even given all this room, it can get quite crowded during the peak hours, so time your arrival wisely.  
The drinks, of course, were fabulous, but not exactly cheap.  I think during happy hours, it was two-for-one, so that made it far more bearable.  If I recall correctly, they do have their own specialized cocktail menu, as most places of this caliber - all very yummy stuff. 
Also may I add that this is great place to people watch.  Usually people do show up in their cocktail dresses, slacks and button up shirts, but add alcohol - things can sometimes get, well amusing.  
It's a beautiful space and worth checking out if you're seeking sophisticated alcohol-related fun in Uptown.I LOVE the setting here, gorgeous old home on St. Charles, with good happy hour prices. Sit outside though. When I went, the inside "smelled like Mardi Gras." If you have ever experienced a New Orleans Mardi Gras, you know what I'm talking about (ew). Also, our bartender was a dud, zero personality and almost a bit rude. When its all said and done, sitting on the porch during happy hour is an enjoyable time to relax and enjoy the city.My mom likes this place, I have no idea why, she just does. End of story.Just wanted to add an update for their Sunday Jazz Brunch, which I haven't attended in almost 6 years.  It comes a-la-carte, $30 / person includes soup (Gumbo and de jour available), salad,  entree (2 breakfast specials and the rest lunch), and either champagne or mimosas.  The Southern Breakfast includes the most perfectly prepared grits I have ever tasted.  
Brunch at The Columns is pefect for a special occasion, but is undoubtedly lovely in the fall when the its not stifling outside.  The uptown oak trees have finally regrown their canopies 3 years after Katrina and the St. Charles streetcar is running again!  Perfect picturesque breakfast spot to enjoy the deep South.Ive been coming to Columns for a few years.  Not many places in the city do a better happy hour.  The drinks are half off, but sitting outside the Column and staring out at St Charles around 5pm is great.  However, I must admit I wish they got rid of their TV, far too stylish of a place to have a television. 
I've never ate at Columns, but I've heard from a few people their food is pretty poor.  Thus, my review is based solely on the Columns Bar.Incredible brunch. Cool ambience. Definitely get there early for a porch seat. Good decision and great reason to get away from the Quarter.
Bloody Marys are fantastic.The Columns is definitely one of my top favorite bars to go to in New Orleans. It's very antiquated, which I like. I feel really classy going here even though you don't have to necessarily dress up. The drinks are a little higher than what I usually pay for drinks, but it's worth the money. They have one of the best bloody marys I've ever had. They also make delicious Cosmos. I also enjoy the music that they play here, which usually consists of classic rock. They have a pretty good happy hour. Sometimes we'll sit outside on the front porch and watch the street cars go by. It's an overall great atmosphere whether you're with group of friends, family, or on a date.This place gets an A for ambience.  It was recommended by a friend who used to live in NO and I think anyone who appreciates fine architecture and antiques would enjoy this place. It was built in the 1880s by one of NO's best architects at the time and is visually and historically impressive. That said, the food is nothing to write home about. With so many fantastic restaurants in the city, skip dinner and have a drink in the cool old bar and check out the live music.Overall, it was okay. I had expected more but I should have listened to previous reviews.
The service is hands down one of the worst. The hostess mentioned ten times that they are "really busy" today before we even sat down, even though there were plenty of empty tables inside and outside.
We waited for about 20minutes for a table, even with reservation and empty tables.
We were handed a drinks menu, and our waiter showed up about 20minutes later asking for our food choices. We then mentioned that we may need the food menu first. So imagine the same procedure throughout our brunch.
The food was good, but you could get similar quality and other places for less money and better service.
On the plus side, the live music was great and sitting outdoor on the porch was lovely. But that's probably the only reason that they keep on having guests there.This is an old ante bellum mansion with soaring columns and a wide sweeping deck with a charming cozy bar inside and several rooms for private events.
It is deep in the garden district and is well-worth visiting if you're here on vacation nd want to get out or the French Quarter and to see some of the beautiful older homes.
Dinks are ok, service adequate, it's just a great stop for a lazy dink.  The columns is also rumored to have one of the best happy hours in town, but I have yet to make it that early, it's more of an after-dinner spot for me.
Note: It can be very difficult to get a taxi home l if you didn't drive, so make sure you arrange for a ride or bring a taxi number with you.This review is for the hotel only - not the bar.  I have never encountered such terrible customer service at a hotel before and I have stayed at a lot of places!  I would highly recommend you do NOT stay here unless you enjoy being talked down to and ignored.  Hospitality is not a word known here.  I won't be stay here and will tell all my local and visiting friends to steer clear.Gorgeous inside. Didn't actually stay here but the history of it being built in 1863 is very special. All of the rooms downstairs are so unique.(This review is based solely on the dining experience at the Albertine Tea Room)
Extremely disappointing. We had reservations for 2:30 on Christmas Day. We arrived and were told our table wasn't ready yet. No problem, we were able to sit at the bar and have some drinks. At 3:00 we we're brought to our table. Luckily we had champagne from our previous wait, as it soon became 3:30 and we hadn't so much as SEEN a waiter. I went to the hostess stand and said we had been seated for 30 min and no one had even come to our table. After waiting another 10 min, I went to the bar to get us more drinks to make the wait more bearable. When I returned, there was a waiter at our table explaining that he had to attend to another table first but he would be with us shortly. Ten minutes later and we were finally giving our order to the waiter (almost 1.5hours after our reservation time). Bread never came, wine came about 20 min after we ordered it. The soup was great. The salad came about 20 min after the soup and was pretty abysmal. Still no bread. We asked for wine glasses twice and never got them so we just reused our dirty glasses. We asked for bread three times and finally got some after our entrees had arrived. The entrees were fine, nothing special. My fiancé got the osso buco and it was mostly bone with a thin layer of meat. I got the salmon, it was dry and the side of vegetables were watery and tasted like they came from a can. My parents said their meals were just ok. Dinner plates were cleared and we gave our coffee/tea orders. When I was brought my tea cup, it had coffee stains all over it and smelled like French vanilla. It had clearly not been washed. When half of the deserts were brought out, I asked for a clean cup. It was brought out to me with the remaining deserts, but the rest of my party never even received the coffee they had ordered. By the time I flagged down a waiter, deserts were finished and nobody even wanted their coffee anymore. By the time we got our check it was 6:00, 3.5 hours after our arrival. Was there a manager present at all? The experience was nothing short of a disaster, and on Christmas to boot. All in all, the service was terrible. The food was ok, the building was gorgeous. Will NEVER return for dinner.This is one of my favorite spots in the city for happy hour or after dinner drinks.  It has a great New Orleans vibe with a charming old world feel.  One of the great things about the place is that you will see lots of different types of people in here, from hipsters, to college students, to business people who go after work, to formal-wear-wearing bridal parties.  There are several places to have an intimate conversation (so good for a first date) or you can join the rowdy crowd in the main bar or, if you can get a seat, try the beautiful sprawling porch.  It's also a hidden gem for Sunday brunch.  They have a great menu and live jazz music, until 2 on Sunday I think. The food for brunch is usually more French and/or Creole and always delicious.Stayed for one Sunday night to drop my son off at college. Stayed in Room #20 on the 3rd floor. There is no parking here so that's important to note. This wasn't clear to me until I got there. I was able to park out front, no problem, since there was only 3 rooms booked that night. One of my biggest issues was just the lack of greeting. Someone sitting behind the desk down the front entrance hall that didn't seem to particularly want to be there. This was 4:30 on a Sunday afternoon. When I was nice to her, she was nice in return but it seemed she was waiting to see how I treated her. I'd not been here before and there was no information given to orient me. I had to come back down stairs to find out about parking. No explanation about the rooms downstairs that were busy or closed off. She did tell me breakfast was 8-10. Gave me a key that I needed to sign for if I lost and there was a charge. No directions about how to use the home, whether I could use the second floor balcony, elevator, etc.
The room- VERY dated. Mattress was reasonably comfortable. Clean but temperature hard to regulate. The stairs are very wonky. If you have any balance issues, this place isn't for you. I didn't  use the shower so I can't comment. Sink, toilet are fine but again, dated.
The bar-Hoppin' but, I never was even greeted when I went down that night. There were some incredibly drunk people in it for 5:00 on a Sunday then later that night when I returned from dinner. Anyway, it's beautiful, but no one acknowledged me.
The breakfast-my waitress was delightful but the food was average at best. Honestly, I think that's being kind. Again, the waitress was lovely and I was the only one there. The food came quickly but the cantaloupe was bad. Nothing special at all.
The grounds-My biggest concern. This is a beautiful, old, Italianate show stopping mansion. It doesn't look like it's receiving routine maintenance. There are chunks of cornices falling off. The stairs need to be shored up. The grounds need some attention to detail. Carpets need replacing. It's just so gorgeous that I hate to see it looking so poorly attended to.The Columns is like an old maiden aunt that you have to visit when you're in town and you don't look forward to it that much but when you get there you have a much better time than you did on last Friday's date.
You can find cheaper drinks all over town, and for the first round or two you're not sure The Columns' variations are exactly worth what you pay: they're good, but not genius.  And if the bar is crowded at all, you might have to wait a while to be served.
But once you collect your drink and camp on the porch, it's really a good way to spend the afternoon.  Inside: old-world New Orleans meets fading hipster decor.  Pleasant rather than impressive.
It's got a rare gift of being as good for introverts as a squad, if you go at the right time.The happy hour deals are good for such a classy establishment, but be weary of the bartenders because they like to overcharge and under-pour. 
You have to ASK for a receipt if paying with credit card and make sure you DO because the time I didn't, they overcharged me by $17!!! Never again.
The set-up is classic and I recommend nabbing a table outside when the weather is nice, but seating is limited and service is slow. 
Happy hour: Friday from 5-7 pm ($2.50 well drinks and house wine and $3 champagne)Classy spot, nice patio, good food. Gets crowded but with nice people, would recommend.I was married there 20+ years ago, very beautiful and history place. I remember all  the special moments,  I highly recommend a visit or even host an event there.I came here with a few friends last night for Happy Hour.  Happy hour has great prices, too! Great ambiance.  The bartender I think his name is Andy was very attentive and will be returning!We were the first to arrive for brunch here and had our choice of seating.  It was a beautiful late October day so we sat on the veranda. (Sitting on a veranda was one of the three musts I have for my trip to NOLA.)  We were promptly given the Sunday brunch menu (changes weekly I believe) which was approximately 32.00 a person.  This included a champagne/mimosa, soup, entree and dessert.    
I opted out of the champagne to have my first Mint Julep. (Second of the three things that were a must.)  It will probably be my last.  It was made beautifully and properly, but I did not realize how sweet they were.  I thought I was going to have a sugar attack.    I ordered the carrot/squash soup which was delicious. 
The entree I chose was the Pecan Chicken Salad.  It was a healthy helping and just enough so that I did not leave any behind.  The pecans were glazed.  I noticed I had a very sweet brunch this morning.
For dessert they had a few options.  My friend chose the homemade bread pudding.  I went for the Strawberry cheesecake.  I cannot pass up the chance for a good cheesecake, and it was good.   
Coffee was offered after the meal but I refused.
The host and hostess were friendly.  I chose to sit towards the rising sun at the table and they were very nice to make sure that this wouldn't affect me, on the chance I was a vampire.  The waitstaff was quite friendly and easy on the eyes.  They also offered valet service.  It was not very busy the day we came but I have been told by my local friends (pictured)  that reservations would be a good idea.  
I was also told this is usually a Jazz brunch.  The band was not there that morning so they had an singer alone with his guitar to entertain.  The music was nice and not too loud.
This was an overall great experience.  There were no downsides, but one annoyance.  The flowers that were placed on each table attracted flies.  We were swatting them away for the entire time.   This may not have been helped, nor did it ruin my experience.
If you read this you may be thinking what was the third must for me on this trip?  See Rawhide 2010, New Orleans if you are truly curious.  I warn you though it is not necessary.Quintessential St. Charles bar. Grab a drink, make friends inside, or head out to the front patio for some privacy and streetcar watching. It really is what you make it. It gets plenty lively, loud and crowded on the weekends, but you can always escape to the patio. It is older, more intimate and somewhat stale, but sometimes that's just what you need to break the chain of loud smokey bars out here. It's one of the few landmarks that hasn't reinvented itself.
Tip: I haven't seen someone do it yet, and I don't know if they'd be open to it, but I think it'd be pretty baller to rent the second floor balcony for a birthday or classy bachelor party starting point.Really nice place to have a drink on the porch amongst the greenery of the Garden District and watch the cars go by.  I had heard the food was not so great so I didn't try anything.  Make sure you walk a little inside because the decor is really cool.  
Downsides:  poor service, expensive drinks, no happy hour specials.  The patio waitress was inside at the bar hanging out so we got our own drinks from the bartender and then sat outside.  She passed through a few times, but never made eye contact with us or checked to see whether we wanted anything else.  We had to go back into the bar to close the tab.  Lame.The patio here is spacious and beautiful. My wife and I were able to place an order relatively quickly; the champagne cocktail was refreshing and potent; the fried oyster poboy was just okay. Had worse, had better. 
What destroyed what began as an enjoyable Monday afternoon experience, was the complete lack of service thereafter. The patio was full and I saw other patrons receiving orders, paying tabs. So I know there were servers present. But we were ignored. Someone stopped by once to claim our empty drink glasses -- not ask if we needed refills or clear away our finished plates. Kind of odd. After that, nothing. We waited about 20-25 minutes, wanting to ask more about the champagne cocktail, or to order something else, watching servers work the area. Total cold shoulder. 
When we finally did pay our bill, our waitress offered no apology for the wait and didn't even bother making eye contact. I dunno.. maybe it was because we split an entree? I felt judged. First time I've left a restaurant feeling that way ever. Won't be back. Thanks.We came for happy hours, but the bar was so packed, that we sat at a table for 4 in the anteroom.  Service was prompt and efficient.  French 75 were $9 since they weren't part of the deal.  Cheese and fruit plate ($14) and crab cakes ($12) were good.  The well gin (Taaka) martinis were in the true happy hour spirit at $3 each!One of the most unimpressive brunches. Yet definitely memorable due to the pungent taste in the turtle soup and the outdated and itchy chairs that we were sat in, the funky smell of your grandmothers basement should have pushed us away yet we still had faith being that it was such a well known place.Small intimate hotel bar located on the street car line. Excellent personal service and they pour stiff drinks here. It's Hollywood famous as several major films have been filmed here over the years. You feel like you are sitting in your grandmothers front parlor having a cocktail like that was ever gonna happen. That made me feel a little uneasy but the feeling soon passed thanks to the engaging barter.If you're looking for a cheeky place to enjoy a fancy cocktail with dim lighting,  good tunes, and classy decor, you've found it. Tucked a bit further away from downtown, this place does not get crowded with a typical drunk NOLA tourist crowd, but rather those here celebrating special occasions. Staff is attentive and professional; Nick, in particular, was an absolute gent while behind the bar. When the weather is bearable, be sure to grab brunch on the front dining porch overlooking the street. Can't help but want to come back to NOLA to enjoy another Sazerac here.Food was good, we ate outside in the heat because the inside was freezing. Overall I would say you're paying for the atmosphere over the quality of the food. Service was sub par, probably makes for a better bar than restaurant.I asked a friend to take me somewhere with atmosphere for a drink. We landed at the bar here. It's nothing but southern class. I couldn't help myself from looking around quite a bit to catch the little details in architecture and design. This was a great choice for a cocktail after visiting the garden district.Everything about The Columns oozes southern class and Nola. The food is great and the drinks are fine too.
I love the atmosphere and you get such a beautiful view of St. Charles from the front porch. It's also a block from the closest street car stop so it's very easy to get to if you don't have transportation or saving money for a night out on the town. If you have never been here before it is a must!Visited on a Sunday night, probably around 8pm, and my wife and I were able to get the last table on the porch. It started to thin-out around 9 and a few other groups  came and went, but I imagine it may be difficult to get a table during the happy hour rush.
A very nice vibe, overlooking St. Charles. And, basically, that's what the 4 stars is for - a quaint setting and a nice view of the activity on the street. The service was fine, but nothing special. Same for the drinks. Prices were reasonable. Would be a 3-star bar in a differnt location, but that's what this bar is all about.
Worth a jump off the St. Charles streetcar.The shrimp and grits was so tasty full of flavor, my wife had the crawfish penne which was also deelish. The waitress was nice and attentive. Great time, great meal and great views. We sat outside and watched as the trolly passed by.A great bar to hit up late at night. I hear good things about their daytime fare as well. It's a grand building with comfortable chairs, and lounges. Perfect for chilling with friends after using up your energy at some of the more raucous bars that NOLA has to offer. *****This place is great! I've only came here once to grab some drinks! It's literally right off the trolley tracks so an easy walk off the stop!
Prices are decent but it's more of the historical building, the ambiance which makes this place great. There was a group of people dining/drinking outside and we had asked straight in to be welcomed from Shannon the hostess! Sat anywhere we  wanted, drinks came quick and made the way we ordered it!
Haven't tried to food but if we're ever around this area again might as well stop her for a drink!I would give the hotel no stars if it was a rating. The hotel has been purchased by new owners who obviously don't care about their current guests. The elevator was out of service and the desk manager could not say when it would be repaired. Our room was on the third floor!  We got to the room, and heat was blasting out of the vent directly above the bed. Turned the thermostat down to 65 and left the hotel for two hours. Upon our return, the heat was still blasting. It was like a sauna.  My wife called the day before and confirmed that there was a tv in the room. There was, but cable wires were hanging off the back of the tv not connected to the wall. The front desk clerk said that the new owners were pulling all the TVs out and until then there was nothing that could be done.  We left and are staying at the Hampton Inn on St Charles. 
We stayed at the Columns 35 years ago, and it was an odd little charming place then. Now it's just a s**t hole. Book at your own peril.It is with heavy heart and literally tears in my eyes as I write this before I check out. I have never experienced such amazing hospitality and genuine commitment to customer service. The Columns hosted our wedding reception for about 100 people and every single staff member was genuine in their treatment of us. You could tell it wasn't faked hospitality. Thank you all so much for the wonderful weekend. 
Patrick and Emily BrownWent there for Easter Sunday Brunch with family. Lovely atmosphere with nice music. We were seated promptly at our 1130 reservation time. The staff was friendly but like another reviewer said, they were slow as molasses. It took our waiter 30 minutes to serve 11 mimosa at our table. The kitchen was equally slow. Our first course was fairly prompt, the second course was 30 minutes later. Two hours in, we were served our entrees. We put a rush on our dessert as we were now running into time issues for some members of our party. So, not much time for coffee since we had now reached the three hour mark. I must say, the food was quite tasty except for the crab and corn bisque which was quite watery. I had eggs Benedict and the bread pudding, both were delicious. It seemed everyone else was enjoying their food as well. I think they are more known for their bar, happy hour atmosphere with food as a side note. Perhaps they are not as equipped to handle large crowds in the restaurant. Nonetheless, we did enjoy spending time with the family and we had plenty of it!We came for drinks and were not disappointed. Perfectly mixed Sazeracs and Pimm's cups. We drank inside, admiring the elegant wooden bar. Our drinking companions enjoyed the rare opportunity to smoke indoors. 
A bit out of the way, but a lovely lovely stop.I've been a patron of the Columns Hotel and loved it since I left Cabrini and was old enough to order my own drinks, but the tall dark haired bartender on Sunday night needs a lesson or two in customer service.  Rude and couldn't be bothered with local folks dressed down a bit...too bad.The Columns offers a  traditional Southern mansion look to it that is absolutely spectacular, especially to a non-native such as myself. On a given Friday night, the architecture and gaudy ornate decor sparkle as jazz plays in the main lobby. The bar is attended by hipsters and collegiates and a span of random folks who just want to enjoy the atmosphere. I appreciate the location in Uptown-- where I live-- and that its history is prominent as a selling point! The drinks are good, especially the Pimm's Cup.Gussied up on a recent night, we made our way to the Columns for drinks before dinner at Commander's.  My friend's favorite spot in the city for Bloody Marys, the bartender worked on a round of those, making each my scratch (as opposed to bloody mary mix in giant industrial sized jug plus vodka).  I, being an 'uppity Yankee' ordered a Manhattan.  When I didn't specify a whiskey and the bartender suggested something from a very high shelf, I was a little concerned this was going to be a pricey affair.  
$9.  Which is to say, not bad.  
Oh New Orleans. 
Come to think of it, there are few places I can think of that give you so much of New Orleans in a single spot than the Columns.  Situated on St. Charles in a beautiful building located in the Garden District, this hotel bar is a great choice for picking up a mint julep, sitting out on the patio, and watching the street cars go by.   
With a mile walk ahead of me, I grabbed a drink in a to go cup, because even uppity yankees know how to have a good time in New Orleans and appreciate the wondrous institution that is the to go cup.New Orleans Birthday Trip = After Dinner Drinks on St Charles
After a upscale dining, there's really only one thing to do: go to a classy place to go sip on some bourbon. It is the South, after all, so where better to go than a plantation house converted into a hotel?
Venue:
The Columns is a large, white mansion, made all the more impressive and presence-demanding by it's traditional atmosphere. The main lounge is decorated in elegant Victorian style, complete with a mahogany bar and chandeliers. The fireplace will keep you warm and if you get too hot, you can lounge on the front patio and watch the streetcars ramble by. 
From what I've heard though, the atmosphere has changed some. What used to be relaxed and mostly quiet has transformed into a site of the popular and trendy, but that undertone of sexy sophistication is still there. Grab a Sazerac or a bourbon on the rocks, or if you're me a Mount Gay and diet, run a tab and talk the night away. 
You'll meet a whole range of people: college students looking not to get carded or break away from the usual Greek watering holes, locals who are so perfectly Southern, visitors staying in the hotel and as far away as Metairie, or businessmen from downtown looking for a break. No matter what, you'll fit in here.  
Food:
While we were only there for drinks, they do serve food and have a brunch on Sundays. I hear it's not too shabby but nothing to lust over. Still, I prefer it as a late night spot, the vibe just feels right for it.you go here to enjoy drinks on the front porch and let the evening go by. The service isn't that great, so don't be in a hurry to go anywhere. Just sit and enjoy the view of St. Charles and the streetcars going by. I've stayed here and that was nice too, and the jazz brunch was good, but it's really about happy hour on the porch, or happy three or four hours actually...6 $ creme brulee excellent but fresh blueberry only on top. I thought it was more orginal but it's very classical but really good.
Classique creme brulee savoureuse.
Cocktail louisiana sunrise (stoli vodka, cointreau, fresh fruit juice, muddled mint, ginger beer) 10$nice but the taste of ginger is more important than the other tastes. But it's really refreshing.
Cocktail bon et tres rafraichissant mais le gout du ginger l emporte sur le reste.
Nices bartenders.
Le lieu historique (1883) semble avoir gardé tout son decor d origine avec plusieurs salon dont un consacre a des concerts lives. Le lundi et mardi ne sont pas les meilleures soirees 
For the concert tuesday it's not the best, better any evening since wedensday include saturday of course (maybe sunday too) jazzy and groove. 
Don't forgot always you need to add tip yourself. Usually 15 % and it's a little obligation finaly my bill finaly it's almost 19$ with taxeWhen I go to Heaven (fingers crossed) it will be sitting on the porch at the Columns with a dirty martini... watching the streetcars pass by.
The garden district is beautiful in itself, but with a cocktail and great clientele and this porch, you just cannot get a better time.
Love the bar in the back, very speakeasy-style. Decor is old NOLA.
Highly recommended, not so much to bring your A-Game, just to relax and have some laughs while spending time in one of the most beautiful places on earth.