This was the first time we were able to secure a reservation at the sought after Commander's Palace and it was well worth the trip to NOLA! The atmosphere was lively-but not too loud. The team waiting on us was efficient and friendly. Two of us opted for the price fixe and two wanted to order a la carte-which is frowned upon by chefs due to inconsistent course timing for diners--but they allowed it. Between all of the food/drink- each and every item-except the angel food/lime curd dessert- was well above par. The crafted cocktails and wine pairings were excellent as well--but beware of the absinthe-it will literally have you seeing double!So happy my friend suggested this restaurant to me a few days before our NOLA visit AND that they had a 9:15 reservation still available on a Friday night. The atmosphere is unique in that you feel like you're dining on The Titanic or with Nucky Thompson in Boardwalk Empire. I typically find old school restaurants in the south to feel cheesy and just out dated but this one was different...hard to explain but I promise it works!! So now the food....oh man! The food! Had the best turtle soup I have ever had. So rich and so savory. Each spoonful made me rave about this exquisite soup to the point that my husband was just laughing every time he looked up from his bisque (which was good but not as grand as mine!). Oh and the truffle risotto with the most generous serving of soft shell crab was good enough to be your last meal on this great green earth. Can't say enough wonderful things about this gem. The people watching was fabulous as well. ;-) Loved it loved it loved and will go back every single trip we take to the Big Easy. Worth every penny and more.Great food and is worth every penny! This is a great place to eat for a special occasion and make sure you ask to eat in the garden room!  Must try the strawberry dessert( u have to order 20 min ahead though!)I'm a picky person, but this place is amazing! Our Parisian server was very polite. Extremely friendly and caring yet knows his place, unlike some servers who would tap your shoulder and call you babe  or acting snobby / condescending. The servers here actually notice smallest details like how many ice cubes are in your cup. The food was great too! I highly recommend turtle soup.Excellent dinner and atmosphere for our anniversary. From valet drop off to pick up, we had a fantastic time. The staff was very attentive and helpful. Eric, Elliott, and Brett were more than on top of things. We had the three cheese platter, pecan crusted fish, creme brûlée, and peach and bourbon cake for dessert. The manager greeted us and made sure we were being taken care of. Everything about our experience, especially the service, was elegant and refined. Would definitely recommend for any special occasion or just to treat yourself.We came here for a bachelorette party, and I can say it did not disappoint.  I had the turtle soup because hey, when in New Orleans.... right?!  Anyway, the soup was interesting. I'm a gumbo kind of gal, but again, why come here and not try something new.  I had the pecan crusted gulf fish as my main entree and it was amazing. Moist, buttery, fried to perfection. I did get a side of grits which were delicious too, but good Lord the portion size was huge.  Now on to the dessert.  By this point I felt like I couldn't eat anything else.  I was a good sport though and tried my bread pudding soufflé.... poor me, I know. Again, it did not disappoint.  It's not your traditional bread pudding. It's bread pudding baked into a soufflé. Light and airy, very moist. All around it was a great experience; food and service were excellent.  And shout out to McKenna...All the reviews, tv shows, news articles and word of mouth are completely right about Commander's Palace, it is as good as it gets!
Our party of six recently went there for my birthday lunch on a fine Sunday morning ready to see what all of the hubbub was about. When I walked in I was greeted with a happy birthday by the maitre d' and lead to our table on the second floor past multiple James Beard awards conveniently located for me to look at while I walk up the steps. I even took the time to take a picture of one of them to post to Yelp.
I knew I was in for an excellent experience when the server switched out my white cloth napkin to a black cloth napkin to match my dark suit. I never had that done before which I thought was very cool. Since it was Sunday brunch the menu was set up to a three course meal. A soup or salad followed by the main course and ending with dessert. 
The drinks were mixed well, I went with a bloody Mary. I believe that since I went with Graygoose instead of the house vodka I did not get my vodka encased in ice. I'll make sure I do that next time. Our table also had a poinsettia which is cranberry juice and champagne, which was an interesting mixture. We also had the complimentary garlic bread which everyone devoured, because it tasted so good.
For my meal I went with the very much talked about turtle soup with sherry. The soup was very tasty and fulfilling. My wife had the gumbo which was also very good. Up next we had our main course. The wife had the Pecan crusted gulf fish with crushed sweet corn sauce, that was probably the best fish meal we have ever had. The fish was fresh, seasoned well, very juicy and pared well with the cream sweet corn sauce. I had to stop her from licking her plate clean so that we didn't make a scene there. I ordered the Lamb & Egg, which was cooked and seasoned just right, with the right mixture of sweet potato, tomatoes and an egg. Both of our main dishes were fantastic and we really enjoyed them.
Lastly we had our desserts, since it was my birthday they put a candle on Bananas Foster Flambé and gave me a birthday chef's hat. Our table sang happy birthday and I made my wish of having more Yelp experiences. For my wife's dessert she had the Creole Bread Pudding Soufflé which was very smooth and satisfying, especially with the extra sauce that they add to it. We all finished up with some complimentary Bourbon Milk Punch's in shot glasses, that went down pretty smooth. Afterwards I had a coffee to complement the dessert.
Overall the food was fantastic, the service was great. I loved it how the servers would line up and place everyones plates down before them at the same time. Also the servers were very attentive and kept our glasses filled. You couldn't ask for better service at a restaurant, including the fun in-house three member band playing New Orleans tunes for us to dine to, truly a unique experience. 
Before we left we asked for tour of the kitchen which the manager was very happy to show us. Since the kitchen was open we could walk over and see all the kitchen in action. Not once did anyone have any bad looks, the people in the back were just nice.
We were able to walk into the court yard and take some pictures by the fountain. Next a very large fellow introduced himself by the name of Big Jim. Jim lead us to the a garden area behind the fountain and was very happy to take pictures for us in front of a giant leafy plant that had the sun shining on it just right. He was a very nice guy and said happy birthday to us.
I have been coming to New Orleans for years and finally I got a chance to come here, I'm so glad I finally did. I will try to come back to New Orleans faster, so that I can enjoy another fine meal and experience at Commander's Palace.Was visiting NOLA this past weekend from San Francisco and came here on Saturday for the Jazz Brunch. Ordered the shrimp and tasso henican for my starter, wagyu beef for my entree and pecan pie for dessert. Service was great and the live performers were terrific. One of the best meals and dining experiences I've had in a very long time.A legend for a reason.  We had a drink at the bar first, which involves walking through the kitchen.  Bartender made us some great cocktails, and gave us good menu recommendations.  Service was impeccable but not stuffy.  The pecan-crusted gulf fish was delicious, and the side of grits was generous and tasty.Commander's Palace was recommended by everyone. Our friends (local and not), our concierge, tour guides, other guests and our guidebooks all recommended Commander's Palace as one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. Rarely does a restaurant stand up to such great reviews.
Commander's Palace exceeded all the great reviews and our expectations. It was my wife's birthday, we wanted something special and it was.
The service is on par with the best restaurants we have ever experienced. The greeting as we walked in was warm, friendly and obviously programmed. The introduction of the wait staff was professional and friendly. The attentiveness was impressive.
The menu was creative and local. We always prefer local.
The food was fabulous. The turtle soup and grilled gulf fish were our favorites.
Two drawbacks. Our waiter was so helpful, we couldn't get ride of him. He wanted to go over every item on the menu with us. The other was that we were seated in a small room with no open windows (they were covered over with heavy drapes). It was like we had been sent to our room to have dinner away from the other guests. 
We will never miss an opportunity to dine at the Commander's Palace.Amazing food. Went for lunch and had the turtle soup and a salad. Both were excellent! Then some dark chocolate for dessert!!! My friend and I had throughly enjoyed it!Came here for a large group party and the food was amazing and the service was impeccable. Lorenzo was the best!  You must come here.Our experience at the famous Commander's Palace somehow surpassed my expectations, which were already of legendary proportions. Reservations allowed us to sit in the upper room with elegant furnishings and large floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the mighty Garden District oak trees. We ordered the lunch specials and made full use of the 3-$0.25 martinis that  may accompany the meal. We enjoyed the delicious gumbo and turtle soup as appetizers, Chicory-lacquered quail and Almond-crusted Catfish for the main lunch course, and both shared the epic bread pudding for dessert. I didn't feel quite as classy waddling out of there after all of this deliciousness (probably stumbling a bit too from the 3 martinis - which are STRONG), but I was very happy: happy to have experienced lunch at such a historic institution and also to know that sometimes legends do live up to the hype (for about $50 for 2 hungry & thirsty patrons).This was my second visit to Commanders Palace. I enjoy dining at a restaurant that has a dress code. It reminds me of an era when people looked at fine dining as something special and a reason to get dressed up for. The food did not disappoint, as expected. I enjoyed the turtle soup, again. But what was most memorable was Ti Martin stopping by our table.  I instantly recognized her and explained to my Mother a brief history of the restaurant.  When she made her way to our table, I immediately began to tell her about my first experience at Commanders Palace and how I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  She was such a pleasure.  She seemed so genuine and easy to talk to.  I have to admit, I was a bit star struck.  To have a female at the helm of a very successful and lucrative business that was steeped in history is absolutely phenomenal.  To my surprise, she 'gifted' us with a complimentary dessert.  I was pleasantly surprised and grateful.  It showed me that she really cares about the people who dine in her restaurant.  And that is exactly why any time I'm in New Orleans I will be dining at Commanders Palace.Commander's Palace is definitely on my top 3 favorite places I have eaten at! My husband and I both had the Autumn Offerings. I wish one person could order off the regular menu instead of everyone at your table has to have the tasting menu. I really wanted to try the Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish but next time I will order that. Both of us really enjoyed each course and the flavors were excellent! The price of $90 pp is really a great price for the selection of food. Each tasting was delicious! Service was excellent. We will be back when we are in New Orleans again.I'm ashamed to say I've only been here for dessert and drinks.  The place is seriously expansive, room after room after room.  One of the few restaurants in the city you'll feel seriously underdressed in jeans.  Famous for the creation of many cocktail classics, Commander's is worth a visit for the drink menu alone... although the bar is kind of tucked away and geared towards dining customers.This place is amazing. Four days later and still can't stop comparing every other restaurant to it. Wonderful wait staff that took time to treat us like part of the family. Gave great recommendations for local places that were not the tourist trap gimmicky stuff. The atmosphere of the restaurant was elegant causal and I am glad they have a dress code. The food was cooked to perfection. Best gulf fish I have ever had. Husband had the filet and with his first cut of the steak you could see the meat melt. Amazing. The dessert lemon cookie dough blueberry cobbler was something created in heaven. 
We went because Emeril was trained there. So it was cool to see that. We then went a few nights later to Emerils restaurant on st  Charles--- that was joke compared to
Commanders place.  If you want high quality tourist food go to Emerils. If you want amazing high quality food and dinning experience go to COMMANDERS PALACELoved this place. Its such a great New Orleans experience. The jazz band wanders the room as you eat and they are fantastic. Best items we ate: the eggs benedict (best I've ever had) and the turtle soup. Also enjoyed shrip+grits and gumbo. Tomato salad was a bit 'bleh' - hard mozza + not so great tomatoes. Service was fantastic - love when restaurants serve everyone at the table at the exact same time. 
Have to dress up (but there were a handful of folks in nice jeans with polos/belts/closed shoes). Our group of ladies wore leather sandals (not plastic flip flops) with our dresses and had no issue.Best special occasion restaurant, beautiful atmosphere, good food and excellent service.Loved this place!  After a disappointing dinner at Galatoires, my faith is fine dining was restored after my dinner at Cammander's Palace.   The service was excellent and the food was excellent.   The softshell crab was exceptional.  The garden room was beautiful! 
well worth the expense!Great service and well done food but it's a little too hyped up/pretentious for my tastes. If you don't mind one of those traditional Southern restaurants that stands on pomp and circumstance come here. But I prefer a more relaxed atmosphere. Who enjoys getting stared judgily head to toe from the servers when you walk in? (and no, I wasn't wearing anything remotely tacky or cheap. My outfit was near four figures). Not to mention that whole green sash that they lay on the table to let people know you are "someone special" is annoying BS. WHO CARES?! Esp when this place used to be a brothel. Yes. That's right. Pretense at the site of a whorehouse. Okay...Totally worth the splurge! Incredible five-star service, great atmosphere and a true gem in New Orleans. 
I can't even review the entrees because dessert totally overwhelmed anything else they served. They have hands down the best bread pudding soufflé in the world. Do not leave without ordering this! The flavor, texture and consistency is so amazing and drool worthy.
The service here was super attentive and responsive. We got a tour of the restaurant afterwards and it was so fun learning about the different dining areas and clientele and owners of the restaurant.
Will definitely come back if I ever am in the area again.We had the pleasure of eating at the Chef's Table in March. Argyle was our sommelier and Luke cooked for us. I won't go into details of every course but being a foodie and a lover of fine spirits I can say that this was the best meal and drink pairing I have had in my entire life. I am ruined as every place I go now can't compare with the food, drink and PERFECT service we received that night. 
This is the one experience that should be one everyone's bucket list. We are already planning our next visit around getting a reservation for the Chef's Table!My brother and I were here in late-February for lunch and I was most impressed by the service as well as the food.  I started with a glass of Sangria, which was perfect in flavor. I opted for the 3-course Creole Luncheon, which included Turtle Soup, Barbecued Gulf Shrimp, and Creole Bread Pudding Souffle for dessert.  The food quality was excellent, served by a well-orchestrated staff.  The manager came around to each table to greet and chat with everyone while we were there.  I would highly recommend Commander's Palace as a great New Orleans dining experience!Commanders Palace was an experience like no other! The service in this establishment was beyond professional and courteous. Everyone was friendly and extremely polite. We even met one of the owners, Lally. She was gracious and welcoming. The staff even replaced our ice water just because the ice melted before we got a chance to drink the water. Wow! Now, the food was excellent! 1. The Turtle Soup, 2. The shrimp, and 3. The Pig n Peach were beyond delicious! The dessert was decadent The cocktails were also blended nicely. Overall, the experience at Commander's Palace was a great one! Indeed!Commander's Palace is located in the Garden District is a great old building. The atmosphere is great and definitely has the Louisiana charm that you are looking for in a place. The food was excellent and the service was even better. We had the pan roasted sea scallops and crawfish risotto, and they paired great with the L&L Vodka Collins cocktail!In NOLA for a catering conference so with all the hype I had to try this place. Being as I was traveling solo the superior service was even more appreciated. I was greeted with an amuse from the Chef - Brie and truffled mushroom on brioche. Then I went with the Shrimp and Tasso henican - great contrast of spicy crystal hot sauce and sweet 5 pepper jelly. If you like spicy with sweet than get this app! Next, turtle soup - classic and hearty. And then the Red Snapper - Ok I hyped it up in my head and it still delivered. Prepared with this tomato butter sauce - on point!  Leah was an awesome server. Compliments to Chef Tory.Just amazing, from the decor to the view to the atmosphere to the service and THE FOOD. I went with 5 girls for my bridal shower brunch and everything we had was delicious (there was a lot of spoon passing). I hear they have a 25 cent martini lunch special that seems absolutely worth the visit.If you are looking for a really fancy meal I recommend trying Commanders. The staff is very friendly. We had a great time with our server, Troy. We chose to do the chefs playground which was an 8 course small plate dinner. It allowed us to try more food that way. The wine list is great too. There is a dress code but you don't have to get too fancy. I loved the outdoor courtyard so you can dine under sting lights and beautiful trees.Stinking amazing. Service is maybe the best I have ever experienced. Everyone stops what they're doing when you walk in and they look you in the eye and greet you. And, for my wife's birthday they had balloons on her chair. Nice touch.
The food was absolutely incredible. I got the turtle soup (had to...so good!) and the wife got the trio of soups. The gumbo is perhaps the best in the city. And the 3rd soup was a sweet potato bisque which was shockingly amazing...smoky and delish.
I got the candy-apple laquered quail stuffed with boudin. What can I say? It's a death-row type of meal. Wifey got the pecan-crusted gulf fish. She couldn't finish it all...so good. And we shared the bread pudding souffle for dessert which was slap ya mama good.
All in all, maybe the top 3 dining experiences I have ever had...that's from New Orleans to San Fran...and Paris to NYC.Given all the hype of this place, we couldn't pass trying it on our first week long visit to New Orleans. We had already tried so much good food in the city and were very excited about ending our trip with a bang (given all the hype). I have to say, I was a little disappointed and am not sure what all the fuss is about. The food is edible but I wouldn't call it "amazing" or "to die for". It was just okay... there's so many better places to eat in the city but as a tourist, I couldn't pass up the experience. 
-Commanders salad: it was good in the beginning but started to get a little too heavy and rich for me. The salad is huge and they definitely load up on the dressing, cheese, and bacon. Splittable between 2 people.
-Turtle soup: my finace said it was just okay.
-Gulffish with veggies and rice: again, just okay.
-Steak: my least favorite part of the meal. I wasn't digging the flavors... it left a funky aftertaste in my mouth.
-Souffle: it was good.. but ive had better desserts...
overall, good and fun experience to check out the place and see what all the fuss was about. but now that ive done it, i have no desire to eat there again... if im ever back in NOLA.Had dinner here last night.  First of all, let me say the service is the best I've ever experienced.  The entire staff.  You feel a bit like Lord Grantham returning from a trip.  The entire staff greets you as you walk to your table.  
The food was just okay.  The gumbo was a bit gelatinous.  And looked exactly like the turtle soup.  The fried oyster appetizer was cold.  The beef filet was pretty good, but for $40 it should be.  
The bread pudding soufflé wasn't what I remembered from my last visit.  It was pale and a little slippery.  Mostly light browned meringue.
All in all.  The building is beautiful.  The staff and service is incredible.  But the actual food?  Meh.Commander's Palace is top notch.  From the service, to the decor, to the food - everything here is perfect!
What first drew me in is that fact that you can get $.25 martinis at lunch during the week (limit 3), then I started reading through the menu and the reviews online and knew that we had to go here.  
For an appetizer, my boyfriend got the gumbo du jour that had andouille sausage and chicken in it, which he raved about.  (I wasn't a huge fan.)  For entrees, I got the gnocchi in a truffle cream sauce with mushrooms and a side of champagne poached crab and he got the filet special (came with mashed potatoes and crispy onion straws).  We were both blown away by how delicious everything was.   The gnocchi were cooked perfectly and while the portion looked small, it was quite filling.  The filet was cooked perfectly and whatever was in the mashed potatoes was absolute heaven. 
Just as we were about to pop, the bread pudding souffle came out.  This was probably the best dessert I've ever eaten.  The souffle looked beautiful and was warm and soft like a cloud; the sweet icing sauce stuff (technical name) was absolutely fantastic.
This was definitely one of the best meals we had while in New Orleans!  Highly recommended!Came here for lunch on Saturday. Unfortunately the 25 cents martitni deal is only on the weekdays. The way the pricing works was that we paid for the entree and it came with an appetizer and dessert. Not sure if you could just get an entree by itself or not. 
Every dish we had was amazing. We tried the turtle soup and gumbo. My favorite dish was the lobster frittata. I am usually not a dessert person but the souffle with whiskey cream was amazing. Worth the extra $3!
Only negative comment I have is that our waitress sucked. Not once did she come to check on us. I was expecting good service at a place like this but that didn't happen.Our server, Roch, was phenomenal. My drinks were brought out perfectly as ordered and the food was absolutely fantastic. Roch paid extra special attention to making sure our drinks and food were brought, and placed, exactly as ordered. 
A special thank you to Roch, and also our server's assistant, Fredrik. Our meal, martinis/cocktails, and service were absolutely awesome. 
Thank you, again, Commander's, for making my best friends/graduates' brunch an amazing one.Over rated, high priced.  Tourist trap that uses its historical reputation to gain new customers instead of making tasty quality food.I feel like I have to give this place at least four stars and it bothers me that I'm giving it only two.  The food was good, but for $120 for 2 meals and 2 glasses of wine, it had better damn well be good!
The waiter was friendly enough at first, but then seemed a bit off-put because I asked him if I could substitute an entree in the prix fixe menu. I figured I couldn't but he wasn't particularly helpful after I asked and even made a slightly condescending suggestion.  All the fixe prix entrees had red meat, which I don't eat... even the one seafood option was coated in bone marrow.  Great concept, but not for me.  
When I asked if I could get it sans marrow or another fish instead, he then proceeded to read off some of the other fish menu items that didn't contain marrow.  Thanks, ass, but I can do that myself.  A polite "no" would have sufficed. Or, better yet, check with the damn kitchen!  No big deal, no fixe prix for me!!
That said, my seafood gumbo tasted suspiciously like the turtle soup (I'm now fairly certain they brought me the wrong soup appetizer).  It was just ok.  My fish entree, however, was fantastic. It was a very local, fresh catch and tasted like it. It was cooked PERFECTLY!!  Also came with some veggies and stuff that were tasty as well.
I didn't get the dessert, but my buddy did.  Some type of homemade praline ice cream.  It was ok, not any better than a pint of Ben and Jerry's honestly.  In fact, the dessert selections were quite limited and were mostly ice creams.  
All in all, I'm glad I finally checked this place off my list. Everyone talks about it.  Food is good, but I'm fairly certain you could do it yourself for a mere fraction of the price, and probably get it elsewhere for at least half the price.  And the atmosphere was quite pedestrian as well... stuffy, boring, nothing like Gallatoire's.   Maybe the weekend brunches are better, but this place really isn't all that.  I won't go back.Great service and GREAT bread pudding soufflé. The decor and ambience is like something out of the early 20th centuryI booked a Sunday jazz brunch for my husbands birthday.  I realized that I was not going to make our 11:00 reservation so I called commanders palace to see if I could move it to 11:15 or 11:30. I waited a bit on hold, but when Jimmy came on the phone he was awesome, he was not only able to accommodate my request, he offered some friendly advice on what to do while in NOLA, since we were coming from out of town, true southern hospitality.  When we arrived we were greeted and escorted to our table.  The service was great from start to finish the food was even better and the music was a plus. Be prepared it is pricy but well worth it.What can be said that hasn't already been said?  This place is a food  blessing from heaven upon the earth.  Beautiful restaurant!  You pass through the kitchen which is an experience in itself. Then drinks in the courtyard...gorgeousness.. Then the food itself.  I had the shrimp Heniken and crawfish gnocchi.  Both are appetizers but between the two of them I was full. Ok.  Let me just tell you. I would pay for a plane ticket, hotel, rent a car and a new dress just to come back for the privilege of paying them $25 for those two plates of lusciousness.  
And the staff?  They could not possibly be more welcoming or attentive. It's almost like you're having dinner at someone cool a** house. 
If you don't go you're a plain old fool!Absolutely impeccable service.  Beautiful, classic decor.  The dishes couldn't have been prepared any better.  It's an old antebellum mansion on Washington filled with dignified, older uptown ladies having their weekly group lunches.  I think I was greeted about 15 times before I sat down.  If I had to complain, I'd wish for more dishes on the menu, but what was served was stunning, and the dining experience is always stellar.  
I started with the soup 1-1-1 as always, which gives you a sample of everything (perfect for the indecisive).  My main course was a pork / raspberry salad; the pork was absolutely perfectly cooked, mildly pink in the center and just melt-in-your-mouth tender.  For dessert I had the Ponchatoula Strawberry Shortcake which was sweet without being overwhelming and delicious.  I walked away satiated but not overdone.  Just right.
This place is surprisingly inexpensive given the level of service and all the awards it has won.  Put on your suit, clean yourself up, and make this place a tradition the way several generations previous have.  Spectacular.The history and reputation of Commander's Palace is storied, but my experience was a different story.
Thinking that I wasn't visiting around any major holiday or festival, I thought I could get by reserving a Sunday jazz brunch by calling just a few days prior.  I was wrong.  Apparently they were all booked.  While I settled for a Monday dinner, I slipped in on Sunday around 12:30pm after my Garden District tour was finished to see if they had a spot.  We lucked out and were seated immediately by the front desk.  Though we were dressed casually, there were no disparaging remarks made.  I do note that they request more formal dress.
There seem to be multiple rooms throughout this restaurant.  We were ushered through the bustling kitchen to a back room facing the courtyard.  Festive balloons were on display at each table and when we were seated, a jazz trio was making rounds at the tables playing by request.  The room itself seemed a bit dated in decor, but felt it was appropriate for the place.
For Sunday brunch, there are a number of items on the menu including Chef McPhail's three course brunch option (+1 bloody mary) for $46.  We opted to strike out on our own and order the pecan crusted gulf fish with turtle soup and creole bread pudding souffle as well as the blue crab frittata with commander's salad and satsuma orange dessert.  Overall, the food was just fair.  A far cry from the stellar reviews that seem to dominate Commander's.  The turtle soup was not as good as the one I had at Brennan's.  The gulf fish was a 3 at best - fish was dry.  The blue crab frittata had fresh mustard greens that did not pair well with the dish.  While not a bad dish, for $40, the dish was way overpriced for the quality of a frittata that I could easily get at a diner.  3 stars at best.  The CP salad wasn't crisp because it had been mass prepared and had been sitting in dressing.  2 stars.  The creole bread pudding souffle was good, but there are plenty of better bread pudding souffles out there.  3 stars.  The bloody mary drink that we ordered was not "spiked" tableside as advertised and honestly did not live up to its reputation.
Service could use some work.  We were greeted by name once we were seated, but past that, our waitress seemed to be rehashing the same lines like a robot.  Our bus boy forgot to come back with pepper.  Two of the young wait staff members commented how one of the guests looked like "The Most Interesting Man in the World" within earshot of other tables.
It's possible that dinner or lunch service is more reflective of the prestigious reputation that Commander's Palace holds, but for Sunday brunch, it was just average.  Among all the meals that we enjoyed in NOLA, we were the most disappointed with Commander's and not in any rush to go back to try it again.The service is excellent here. So friendly and very accommodating. And the food! YUM! The 3 sample soup was a great idea. I got to try each soup on the menu and all were amazing. I especially liked the seasonal crawfish soup. For my main course, I had the filet mignon which was cooked perfectly medium rare. We didn't have room for dessert but ordered some anyway cause the food was too good to pass up!
One thing I did feel weird about was the fact that they changed my glass of water once our entree arrived. Coming from California where drought is severe, I didn't understand why they needed to exchange my perfectly full glass of water for another one! Not sure how environmentally cautious this is...An experience for sure! The food I cannot remember, but the Irish coffee left a smile on my face while walking through the graveyard across the street.The bread pudding soufflé was to die for! I do not have enough words to describe the food but the quail was so tender, juicy and with an amazing sweetish coffee ish flavor. My boyfriend had the creme brûlée for desert and it's interesting because the discovered a way to give you crunch of caramelized sugar along with creme!Always consistantly wonderful. The experience and service are wonderful.  The food is high quality and an excellent example of high end New Orleans cuisine.the atmosphere is classy, nice decorations, friendly staff, very professional service, the menu complexity is beyond any that i have seen, the food is to die for
overall a must place to visit when ur in new orleansAfter reading all the fantastic reviews, we decided to make a reservation here, well in advance, during our holiday - and what a great choice it was. This would be the standout meal on our trip, and one of the best for many years.
From the minute we walked in the door, to the time we stepped out, the service was impeccable - this was probably the best service we've ever encountered (we even received additional historic info about the cemetery over the road on the way out!). 
The food was also great - gumbo was fantastic, the fish great, and desserts excellent - all washed down with a crescent city cooler! 
We'd love to come back!This place is fine, but I am amazed at some of the reviews giving it 4-5.  We were also in town for the marathon and had high expectations for this place....its ok just not great. We were late getting seated and the service was not bad, but the food was certainly not wonderful.  I had a salad that was ok and an Elk rib steak that was only so so.   The rest of the table wasn't that crazy about the food either. I think this place is living off its reputation.YES you DO want to eat here!
If you want a GREAT, old southern style, upscale dining experience then Commanders Palace is your place. From the greeters at the curb to the Matre D Restaurant to seaters & waiters, ALL are world class in this fine dining restaurant with starched white linens & crystal glasses. The place reeks of ambiance and quality. Although the dress code specifically states men to wear jackets, many were observed to be seated in collared shirts although thankfully none were in shorts. Those men took away from the world class experience. We were seated downstairs (there is an upstairs area with windows) among the chandeliers, carpeted, lively area. The Menu is worthy of ANY place in the world and deserves Michelin Star rating for quality & presentation. For appetizers we chose the Foie Gras which was the best we tasted since Geneva Switzerland. DO try it! Our soup selection was the turtle soup which again just caused us to swoon with the first taste adorned with a shot of Sherry for taste! Wow! My entrée was a Pecan Crusted Gulf fish that was excellent, moist and flaky surrounded by Prosecco poached blue crab. My wife chose the Veal tenderloin as she was "fished out" after 4 days in Louisiana. She was satisfied but not overly impressed and mentioned she thought the veal was not very tender. As we were celebrating an anniversary, the staff brought out a very tasty bread pudding with crème spread around and on top. It was GREAT and very rich & filling to an already VERY full body as all portions were ample. We highly recommend Commanders Palace in the Garden District and you may want to walk around the area and take in the old New Orleans Mansion scenery.I have been holding off on writing this review for the longest because I wanted to make sure I did this place justice. First off, I have to tell you, Commander's Palace will be my favorite restaurant of all time. It's engraved in my soul. It wasn't just the food, ambience, views... The service here is like no other. I am telling you, I haven't dined out anywhere in the tri-state area where I wasn't judged for looking like a young puny teenager (I am a fully grown five-foot adult that can legally drink, just so you know haha) with her puny teenage looking boyfriend (who is my fiancé). I'm just never taken seriously. It bothers me because I work in the hospitality industry. At a restaurant. Making sure guests are always happy. So I know the drill. But I guess not many places do. Moving on...
Upon arriving, my fiancé and I were greeted with an amazing staff. I ask if there's an available table in the Garden Room, and they gladly accommodate the request. The hostess walks us to our table upstairs. You know great service is present when every staff member gives guests the right of way. It's a standard in the business and this place executes that well. It seemed like a sin if they didn't let you go first! And this restaurant doesn't have a small staff. I'm telling you, there were about seven servers/hosts that literally saw guests coming and they stick to the wall and greet you. Am I in a fairytale?!
We sit down and the dream continues. Reminder, this is the best place to experience great great service. Woody, Sarah, and Billy were just way too damn amazing. Woody and Sarah teamed up to help us with recommendations on the menu.
I ordered Turtle Soup to start, while fiancé ordered Crispy Pork Belly. His appetizer was amazing that I barely got a bite because he loved it so much. I did the same thing and didn't share any of my soup. To those comments about the sherry overpowering the soup, just stop. They ask if you would like some or not. And two, have you ever had Turtle Soup for you to fully know that it overpowered the soup? Just stop. It was amazing. And of you're not sure about the sherry or not, ask for just a little. 
Billy made sure our tables were clean for the next course and never did I have an empty water glass.
Lunch entrees came. We both ordered seafood with such a New Orleans flare. I don't think I can ever get anything close to that meal here in NY/NJ area. Another thing I love and appreciate about this place was that food hit the table ALL AT THE SAME TIME. Nothing is waiting on the food tray by itself. All hands in the Garden Room were present for the larger parties' food. It was amazing. 
Dessert time! I had to get the Bread Pudding Soufflé and fiancé ordered this chocolate thing. I wish I knew what it was called. I loved both. I'm a chocolate kind of gal, so I ate the soufflé with a bite of that chocolatey goodness. Hey, it worked!
I can't forget to mention the 25-cent martinis. It's 25-freakin-cents. And you get up to three. So I paid $1.50 for 6 martinis. That is unheard of!
The whole staff in the Garden Room that Monday lunch was on top of everything (I can't help but pay attention to the slightest details, I just try my best not to write bad ones on Yelp but acknowledge great attention to details for businesses that do care, just like this one). From greeting, to secondary service (no one directs you to the restroom, they make sure they bring you there! And my napkin was always folded neatly. No crumbs on my table. No missing silverware. All requests were granted. Hot food was hot. And they had time for small talk! Professional and personal at the same time. Amazing.)
To top the whole experience off, the bill for 6 martinis, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts was $88. What a steal. That was a steal. I had the grandest time, and I hope you do, too!I will start by saying that the food was amazing. The desserts were the bwst part.  The rest of our experience was a little lackluster. We waited 35 minutes for our bottle of wine and to be able to tell anyone.  We had to remind the the restaurant twice that we had birthdays in our party. The coffee was terrible. It was explained to us that it was French Market with chicory. We had that at Brennans for brunch. We had the blend at several Nola coffee shops. No others tasted like truck stop sludge. In fact, French Market with chicory has fast become our favorite. So is it the ratio of chicory to coffee thats different?? We dont know. We only know that they were pretty defensive over their coffee which implies they have heard it all before. So are all the other restaurants in New Orleans just pretending to have "real creole coffee" and CP is the real, nasty thing OR do they just do it their own way? I don't think we will be back. Great food is only half the experience.Easily 5 Stars and would give it 6/5 if possible! Went here for a 4 course dinner with my wife while on our honeymoon in New Orleans.  The food and setting were top notch and neither of us have had a better meal in our lives than we did here and I'm grateful they made the experience so memorable.  No wonder this place is the crown jewel of New Orleans dining!
The interior of the restaurant speaks southern fine dining at its very finest as friendly and professional staff greeted us right away. The inside was a charming, aged building settled in the Garden District far away from the French Quarter tourist mecca.  Ok now on to the good stuff...
We ordered several different cocktails and a few bottles of red wine.  I tried a Sazerac (a New Orleans staple - when in Rome, right?) and found it to be quite enjoyable and to my liking.  The red wine that the staff recommended was excellent as well.
For the appetizer, we settled on the Abita Root Beer (yes, they make root beer too) Glazed Pork Belly as was recommended by our waitress.  It was excellent and both of us were speechless as we enjoyed watching each other eat it piece by piece.  The outside of the the Pork Belly had a perfect light, sweet, crispy texture while the inside was the amazing consistency of rich melt-in-your-mouth bacon.  Words cannot describe how good this was but we are still talking about this dish almost 6 months later.
Next, it was on to the soups...I fortunately did a little research beforehand and was wise in choosing the classic Turtle Soup that Commander's Palace is so well known for.  The staff offered to finish the soup with some aged sherry which I, of course, accepted (again, I credit this to my research beforehand).  The soup was rich, flavorful and out of this world.  At this point during the course of the meal I am wondering if I have died and gone to heaven...
We had some trouble choosing our main course but both settled on a Blueberry Lacquered Quail stuffed with a Jalapeno Cornbread stuffing.  The quail had a sweet and crunchy skin while the meat was juicy and tender.  The jalapeno cornbread stuffing was fluffy and warm which added a nice contrast on the palate that balanced perfectly.  It was very delicious!
Last but not least - dessert remained.  I chose the Creole Bread Pudding Souffle and my wife chose the Strawberry Shortcake.  Both were absolutely wonderful and a perfect finish to an excellent meal and overall experience.
This place is an absolute must if you are in New Orleans.  I'm now looking forward to following up with return trips with my wife for anniversary dinners!They run a tight ship at this place. Sort of the New Orleans equivalent of the now-defunct Tavern on the Green. Amazing brunch spot to nurse a hangover. Grab a mimosa or a bloody mary. Try the turtle soup and the bread pudding souffle and everything else that the 500+ people have reviewed on this site. Take a stroll around the Garden District afterward. Not cheap, a little stuffy, but excellent food and the atmosphere is totally special.The best service in NOLA!! Perhaps we went in with expectations that were too high but our brunch was memorable and the service and jazz made for a great NOLA experience!Oh, what a treat it was to dine at this establishment.  Although it was with a group of 7, I certainly enjoyed every aspect of this experience; from the walk through the kitchen to the last bite of the creole bread pudding soufflé. 
My entree of 'Trio of Game Birds' did not disappoint.  It was paired with an exceptional Cabernet Sauvignon from Caymus Vineyards.
I look forward to enjoying Commander's Palace again when I return to New Orleans!Can there be six stars? Seriously. This is in the top 10 meals I've ever eaten. Hands down.
The service was IMPECCABLE but also not snooty at all. Fun, but insanely on point and professional. That place works like a well oiled swiss watch. Had a drink at the downstairs (poor lonely standing only) bar and had the chance to watch the kitchen churn. Then went upstairs to the most amazing meal. The pecan encrusted fish might be the platonic ideal. The goat cheese thyme grits were the size of a thanksgiving shared plate and were divine, and the Shrimp & Tasso Henican was insane. I was in so much bliss I actually forgot to take pictures. 
Also - the wine list was incredible. Had a beautiful Sancerre for under $60. Don't wear a t-shirt and trainers... this is a really nice restaurant.Definitely a must stop. The service here is top notch, and the 25cent martini happy hour is hard to beat. The turtle soup and bread pudding souffle is nothing but fantastic. You may find the entree section a tad limited, but it doesn't matter...whatever you choose it will be gourmet.Had super high expectations but was disappointed. After eating at August, Peche and Cochon this place felt very average. I would liken it to a wedding banquet hall. Service was fine. I would recco the veal chop but I would really recommend skipping the place.I got the lunch special, including a turtle soup and the shrimp and grits entree. To be truly in the spirit of the town, I also ordered the bread pudding and a 25 cent Cosmo. The Cosmo was great, even though I don't typically enjoy vodka. The turtle soup was good, although I failed to accept the extra splash of sherry and seemed to suffer with a soup that was overly salty. Otherwise, it was interesting: I imagined a green goo, but it came out like a meaty beef stew (couldn't tell what turtle actually tastes like). Portion size was decent. 
The shrimp and grits were good, though somewhat of a smaller portion. I believe it came with 5-6 shrimp over a lump of cheesy grits. They were the tastiest grits I had ever had, though the dish overall was a bit lacking--compared to some wonderfully perfect shrimp I had had a previous evening as an appetizer at a wedding at the Audubon Zoo. 
The bread pudding was fun, though I am a dessert fanatic and found it difficult to take more than 3 bites of this overly sweet gooeyness. Perhaps it's my love or chocolate or my knowledge that you need enough fat in a dessert to counteract the sugar, but this was way too sweet and a virtual waste of $9 and only 2-stars. I did try my friend's pecan pie, however. And although overly sweet as well, I think I could have managed at least 5 bites of that. It was a 4-star dessert. 
What was absolutely 5-star was the service. As soon as you walk in, you feel the attention on the customer... From everyone having about a 10' awareness of you walking around (so they can let you pass with great ease) to pulling out AND PUSHING IN your chair when you sit, to laying the napkin on your lap... damn! Great service. And, beautiful ambiance. 
Note: go for the lunch to save some dough. It's typically a $16-$30 entree for lunch and about a $20-$40 for dinner.My sister and I took our daughters on a girls' trip for my 70th birthday, and we all live in cities with big seafood food reputations (DC, NY & San Francisco). I'm not a big New Orleans foodie bc menus seem to be all shellfish and pork, foods I don't eat. It seems to me that NOLA restaurants don't pay too much attention to other dishes. So I want to say how great the fish options were at Commander's Palace. The house salad was unusually fantastic. The centerpiece of the evening, was the hospitality. I thought the service was impeccable. Reminded me of Gary Danko's in San Francisco, with choreographed waiters. They helped us adapt the menu, they were friendly and personable, and we felt really lucky to have selected this restaurant. And for a birthday like this it was extra perfect. I'd go back in a minute.Beautiful place. Overpriced and a little hoity toity. Went with five women for a birthday dinner. One received wrong order, one had an undercooked steak had to send it back. Two were chastised by the maitre d for wearing jeans but he did let us stay. Would probably not go again.  The praline parfait was amazing.This was by far one of the best meals and dining experience I have had.  I am well traveled and have been fortunate enough to have dined at many well known establishments.  This one takes the prize!This place really is excellent! Definitely lived up to all the hype. The food and service were unforgettable. My husband and I came for the jazz brunch in the garden room and ordered the gumbo, shrimp bisque, Cochon De Lait Eggs Benedict, New Orleans Barbecued Gulf Shrimp, Lally's Praline Parfait, and the Creole Bread Pudding Soufflé. All were amazing.I liked this place a great deal.  We had brunch and it was really something special. Great Bloody Marys!  Wonderful Sazerac (so many choices).  Oh yeah and the food was awesome too!  Great bacon! I had the pork belly entree and it was amazing!I was very excited to come to Commander's Palace, as this was my first time in New Orleans.
I have heard much about this restaurant and it's service.
I have to say, the service we had tonight was truly terrible.
We sat, unattended, for over thirty minutes while our server gave tours of the kitchen.
The food was good...but I was looking forward to getting the check and leaving.Time seems to slow in the south. Whether you're rocking in your chair on an oversized porch, taking in the sounds of the mockingbirds and the warm sun, or sitting in Commanders palace over endearing southern accents, charm, and live jazz.
I was recommended to dine here by the owner of a local B&B.  After reading the menu online and seeing that they have a weekend jazz brunch, I thought it'd be an excellent choice to take my sister for her birthday.  On their website, it says brunch is served for only 1/2-2 hrs on the weekend, so I was curious as to if people seated during the last half hour would get a chance to listen to music.  I called to ask before deciding on a time.  I was told the band continues to play for about 1 hour after the last seating.  I hastily made a reservation a week in advance for a Sunday afternoon.  
Knowing that southerners tend to be punctual, we arrived on time.  There was a doorman and a host there to greet us, but we were told to wait about 10 minutes and we're escorted through the kitchen to the bar.  At the bar you can get a clear view of this kitchen, which I enjoyed.  I ordered a champagne rose, my sister a mimosa, and my grandmother a whiskey smash which was made just right with muddled mint, lemon, and Maker's Mark Bourbon.  We sat out on the patio as we waited, as it was a lovely day.  About 20 minutes later from when we arrived we were seated to the dining room adjacent to the patio.  Comfortable seats and white tablecloths with 3 festive balloons in the center of our table.  Balloons may sound tacky, but along with the jazz music I found the decor to be charming in a space that is bright and sunny; with a lovely, small, center room garden.
We were greeted by a server (I think his name was Peter) whom noted the specials, explained the menu, and patiently answered any questions we had.  I mentioned it was my sister's birthday, and another server came to tie balloons to her seat.  As we were deciding on which dishes we'd like in our 3 course, we were brought french garlic bread and offered a beverage.  My Bellini was very good as was the bread, nothing special to the garlic bread but it tasted fresh.
I decided to start with the Shrimp and Tasso Henican - Wild Louisiana white shrimp stuffed with spicy Cajun ham, Crystal hot sauce beurre blanc, pickled okra and five pepper jelly.  The thought of this dish makes me gasp.  This dish alone would bring me back to Commanders Palace, it was that good.  Something you just had to savor in your mouth.  My sister had the soup on special and my grandmother had a salad on special, both of which were very good.
As an entree, I enjoyed the Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish - Champagne poached jumbo lump crab, spiced pecans and crushed corn sauce.
I've always thought that fish should be enjoyed without having to be accompanied by another marine animal, such as crab.  But I've never  been opposed the idea, and I wanted to see if maybe my assumption was wrong.  What I assumed would be too rich and creamy ended up being light and fluffy, with no overbearing flavors.  It was a delicate dish served warm that offered you how you wanted to savor the robust, well combined flavors. The fresh, french bread was also served midmeal, to swipe into anything left on your plate.  
I'm not a big fan of pecans, or pecan pie.  But I'm in NOLA, where they're famous for all things culinary, and pecan pie is one of them.  I'm all about immersing myself in a place, doing as the locals would do, eating as they would.  I found the slice of pie exceedingly large and very sweet and crunchy.  A little too sweet for my taste.  The crust of the pie and the vanilla ice cream that accompanied it was more enjoyable, paired with a cup of fresh chicory coffee  I did tast my sister's Creole Bread Pudding Souffle.  Hot, gooey down goodness inside served in a puffed pastry.  What tasted to me of vanilla extract and bourbon stood out.  My grandmother had a vanilla ice cream special which was very, very good but unfortunately, I do not remember the details in which the dish was.
The service and food were above standards.  Table crumbs removed and fresh silverware inbetween meals.  I had learned on a garden district tour I had taken the previous day that the owners do not leave the restaurant up to their managers, and that they're on the premises everyday.  And there we could see as were dining, a man in a suit checking on dishes and the service.  Everything was served in a relaxed, timely manner, we arrived at 1 and didn't leave until 3:30.
I only wish that they had a jazz band in each dining room.  It was more-so a rotating jazz music, so we only got to listen to about 20 minutes of jazz during our stay.  The band was very good and I would have enjoyed more.  They took requests and played tableside which was nice.
A fantastic value as well, for 4 - 3 crse. entrees, 4 coffees and 2 drinks, our bill came to $60 pp. For a truly creole affair, CP lives up to the standard.Food was good-not great. We had a much better meal at Court of Two Sisters. Nice ambiance though. Friendly & helpful staff!We went here for our last meal of the trip. It ended up being the BEST meal! If you can, get there during the week for 25cent martinis (with order of entree, limit 3). Everything we ordered was DELICOUS and the service is outstanding. From what I remember, we had the following:
Turtle Soup
Gulf Fish
Bread Pudding
Strawberry Shortcake
Definitely make the trip over to the Garden District for this -- take the streetcar!Love the weekend jazz. The turtle soup is delicious as a starter. While the gulf fish is most popular, I preferred a dish with duck debris atop pancakes-- it was a perfect blend of sweet and salty. To wrap, the bread pudding soufflé is the winner without a doubt. Excellent service.Commanders Palace. Hiding behind a name. 
In a word, uneventful.  I consider myself quite the foodie,  including a Michelin star restaurant visit every now and again.  This place is capitalizing on the name and cache.  The appetizer we decided on was the Mardi Foie.  A trio of foie gras preparations.  Pan seared foie gras, can't go wrong with that, it makes me happy just like bacon.  Two beignets filled with foie gras infused cream cheese, very nice, shaped more like a doughnut hole but the crispy outside contrasting the gooey cream cheese was the highlight, very difficult to pick up and flavors of foie gras.  The final in the trio was foie gras infused root beer.  The delicate flavor of the foie gras was overpowered by the root beer, couldn't even tell it was anything but a shot of root beer.  For the main course we settled on the duck breast.  The waiter made this big deal as if the duck was prepared in some type of a salt cure before roasting to crisp the skin.  I call BS.  Anything salted (have made Confit of duck and duck prosciutto) changes in texture and flavor.  This duck was tough, stringy, barely seasoned if at all, over a bed of "stuffing" made with sundried tomatoes, not a pleasant combination.  OH! And some kind of weird cranberry stuff like a remoulade but not, it was bitter to the point of unpleasant.  The root vegetables were clearly steamed or boiled and lacked any seasoning.  And when did cauliflower become a root vegetable?  Would it have killed them to put them in a roasting pan with some bacon fat, after all it was a 9 dollar side, how about a little effort.  At $175 per person with drinks, tip, tax and the turtle soup which could have been anything soup, my strong recommendation is go to one of the many other truly wonderful restaurants in New Orleans.This place is one of the best in NOLA! I don't need to write much since the numerous reviews says it all! It definitely lives up to its hype!! We had to split our table up because our party was too big and had 2 different servers tending to us. Service was top notch!!! They all work as a team there and everyone was so nice and attentive to us. The food was amazing!! Because we had a big party, I think we ordered 3/4 of the menu and everything was delicious and cooked to perfection so you can't go wrong with anything!! We also ordered one of everything on the dessert menu. The cheesecake was the best we've ever had!! Smooth and creamy!! Will definitely be back in the future when we come visit NOLA again!!I've dined here a couple of times - and honestly have never been disappointed - the service is great and the food is off the charts - this place is old school Cajun - you won't go wrong - just a couple of things that in hind site are really not much to complain about -but if they're going to stress the dress then stress the dress - there were a number of folks in there with jeans - and secondly what is their biggest faux pas is serving an 18 year old scotch (or any scotch for that matter) in a juice glass. We are scotch drinkers and when ordering our second round requested it to be served in the proper glass - they told us this was the only glass they used - it was a juice glass - ahhhhhh - c'est la vie - commanders palace is a great take - you will love it and I'm sure once you dine there - you'll want to return again and again - enjoy!This is really a must-go place in New Orleans, although reservations can be tough to make so try to get them ahead of time. The restaurant has a surprising amount of dining areas, all equally beautiful. You feel like royalty because there are so many people serving you throughout the meal! The food is delicious and all of the staff members are wonderful. My boyfriend and I had a great experience here, and will hopefully be able to return.Anniversary dinner here. We got turtle soup (doesn't even know it is turtle), coffee cake foie gras, pig and peach for 1st course. Red fish (very big portion) and sample cut beef is 2nd course.  The dessert were so yummy. The soufflé texture is like marshmallow. Best soufflé ever. Pecan pie is so deliciousA New Orleans institution!  I came here 16 years ago on my honeymoon and was able to bring my 13 year old son back a few weeks ago.  He loved the turtle soup, the upstairs room with windows where we sat, and of course the bread pudding soufflé!  This is a must do when you visit the city.  Thank you Commander's Palace for making special occasions even more special.Visited NOLA specifically to celebrate my bday at Commanders Palace and the place did not disappoint. The only thing is that there were a lot of other people's bday that day, so I didn't feel so special (it wasn't their fault). The Shrimp and Grits, and the Quail were superb. The service was great, and we ended the night with the bread pudding soufflé, and it was perfect! Will definitely be back every time I visit NOLA.Fantastic. Every single aspect of this dining experience was pure joy. Wait staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful. Not one employee walked by without saying some sort of greeting! Then we had live personal jazz music. A band of 3 would walk around and serenade you with the sweet sound of jazz. It was priceless. The food, well it's just amazing. It was a three course brunch and every course would amaze you. Everything in this restaurant is just perfect. I've never had a better dining experience accompanied by even better food. They are the all around package deal. It's the total feel good experience, you leave feeling like pure royalty. Congrats commanders palace you are what I dream of when I think of NOLA.Lunch 11/24/17 - 4 people - ordered Turtle Soup - was not offered the normal aged sherry, after food was served incorrectly the water & Iced Tea glasses were never refilled - ordered 3 coffee's - never offered to refill. After 6 previous trips in the last 3 years this is the worst service we have ever had. Food was excellent as we have had before.This place is my favorite restaurant - anywhere. The service is word-class , so I always remember the experience. The food is just as memorable and delicious.  I have never had anyone disappointed that I have taken to Commander's. I can't think of another restaurant I can say that about in New Orleans.Wonderful brunch. The staff was so warm, the food so good, and the cocktail waitress really knew her stuff.Best restaurant and brunch in the city.  I'm local & the Brennan's just know how it's done at Commander's.   Ask for Miss Ti to come by & visit.  If going for brunch, try to book in the garden room or upstairs.  Make sure to visit the walk through  kitchen & courtyard.Has to be one of the finest restaurants in the United States... wow unbelievable!!!!!We just finished dinner tonight. We were looking forward to this dinner as we have heard amazing things. The food was great, however the service was not. We were a party of 2 seated next to a large group of 12. As a result, we felt like our needs were secondary. This is unfortunate especially since we were told there were 3 individuals (Sean, Gabriel and Kevin) taking care of us. Our plates were not cleared right away. Water was not refilled timely and lastly, we waited over 10 minutes to get our check. In fact, Sean had to ask us if the bill was brought to us. What would have been a perfect night to our first visit ended up being an under whelming experience.My family & I go every Christmas Eve. It's always delicious. The alcoholic beverages are nice as well.Where to start?  Commanders Palace has a renowned reputation as one of (if not THE) best fine dining restaurant in the New Orleans area.  This is for good reason.  They boast the best service and ambiance in the city.  Not to mention the menu, which is chock full of creole delights, which is the perfect playground for their culinary expertise.  You will be pampered by an attentive staff while indulging in the most succulent and flavorful fare imaginable...and enjoying your favorite libations.  An extensive wine list provides something for everyone, or a fully stocked bar with professional mixologists if you prefer cocktails.  Bring a heavy wallet along for the ride...but the experience will be well worth it.
The "Chef's Playground" is a 7-course tasting menu (changes periodically) that should provide ample opportunity to sample the Palace's offerings.  Reservations strongly recommended.  And dress like you mean to be there....
Service:  29/30
Food:  30/30
Decor:  28 / 30
Wine List:  28 / 30;  Extensive and potentially intimidating, don't be afraid to ask for a sommelier.Decided to go here for lunch. The food was Superb and they had 25 cent martinis.  The bread pudding soufflé was the best!Best starter ever!!!!!!
Foie Gras Cafe Du Monde
Seared Foie Gras with 2 small beignets, sprinkled powdered sugar on top along with syrup on the side.  Oh yeah...and let's not forget the shot glass of Cafe Au Lait!   Absolutely delicious!
Shortly after being in heaven with my Foie Gras...dinner wasn't as fabulous as my starter.  
I ordered the Harris Ranch filet mignon and it was fine...DId I just say that?  Fine...when I really wanted phenomenal...
Maybe my expectations were set too high.  Maybe we were there on an off night.  Service was a little off and seemed a little slow, but I'll give it another try on another visit to New Orleans.The jazz brunch is divine.  Food was spectacular.  Service is probably the best I've ever experienced.  Would highly recommend this to anyone for a special occasion.This restaurant was fantastic!  We were showed to a perfectly set table.  Service was very friendly and incredibly efficient in spite of a full house!  Each food served to us was prepared with extreme care.  So very delicious!  I would return in a heartbeat!The food we had was super... The atmosphere was grand as well. The only reason I didn't give it a five star was due to our main waiter wasn't that grand.Pure disappointment. This was the worst meal we had during our trip. We had the turtle soup, gumbo, foie gras beignet, burrata crostini, shrimp and tasso henican, goat cheese grits, and flan soufflé. Turtle soup and the gumbo were overly salted. My mouth was burning after the first spoon. Those two were the worst dishes out of our order. The rest was just tolerable, but I wouldn't eat it again.What can I say. This is my second trip to Commander's Palace. I have NOT been disappointed yet. Everything was spot on. Everything was tasty and cooked to perfection. I had the soft crab and it was done right.The servers where professional but not stuffy. I believe that is a fine-line to walk. I have no problem going back...yum!We made reservations a month in advance, as this is one of the highly touted restaurants in New Orleans.  It's located in the Garden District so you'll most likely be taking a cab here.  The diners are dressed up and I'm referring to slacks and jacket.  We were promptly seated after checking in.
I decided to order the 3 course meal while my other half ordered a la carte.  I ordered the turtle soup, soft shell blue crab, and soufflé for dessert.  She ordered the foie gras, pan crusted fish, and strawberry shortcake.
Turtle soup - too salty.  
Foie Gras - delicious, portion was adequately sized
Soft shell blue crab - fried but very well prepared.  Good size that contained lots of crab meat
Pan-crusted fish - well worth it and tasty
Souffle - yummy, one of the highlights of the evening
Strawberry shortcake - it was good but we wouldn't have missed it
Service and food entrees were pretty good.  There wasn't a shortage of staff, that's for sure.  Prices are expected to be high for this classy restaurant and one of New Orleans finest.Some restaurants are such special experiences that they deserve their own categories. I'd give Commander's Palace six stars if I could. It is a class act from start to finish.
The place is gorgeous, the service is fabulous. It is elegant and warm and friendly all at the same time. The server who was so gracious and lovely easily launched into a "prostitute and a midget" joke when she found out my husband is a joketeller. It's that kind of place. 
To start, they walked us through the awesome and bustling kitchen to get to the back bar, where we had a round of fantastic sazeracs. No stools at this bar; you stand and enjoy it the whole time. Then we were moved to the main dining room, which fabulous wallpaper featuring birds inspired by the Audobon paintings (incredible) and very cool, wooden chandeliers. As noted, the service is impeccable, friendly, irreverent upon request - this is New Orleans after all. 
The food was delightful. You've probably all read about the fabulous turtle soup, but don't turn down the gumbo because it's delicious as well. For apps, we ordered the wonderful oyster dome and the shrimp with tasso henican - make that two orders of the henican because we couldn't do just one. The spices, peppers, vinegar combo was just too delicious to order one. 
For entrees, I had the fried soft shell crab, and it was phenomenal. We don't get soft shell crabs in Seattle, so eating one is a rare delight. My husband had a veal and shrimp combo that was similarly delicious. Dessert was the bread pudding souffle - do it, the strawberry shortcake - the only less-than-amazing thing for me but I think that's because I'm not the biggest strawberry shortcake fan, and chocolate-covered cracklins with a sweet cream and peanut butter dust. This last one was incredible and hugely inventive, and involved pork, which is a major plus.
One final amazing note is that the head chef was in NYC possibly getting "an award" (read: James Beard) so the woman in charge was a 26-yr-old sous chef was who obviously kicking ass. 26 years old! 
Commander's Palace is pricey, but it is amazing - a true experience. If you have the means and the inclination and you don't go, you are foolish.An established, fine dining establishment serving traditional Creole fare with a modern twist!
Commander's Palace exceeded my expectations with excellent service, delicious food, and a great lunch deal. I made a reservation at 11AM but the place didn't start filling up until around 11:45/12. I definitely recommend getting one of the lunch specials because you'll get a good sampler of the menu. You must get the Turtle Soup- it is perfectly balanced with a nice hint of sherry. Be sure not to fill up on bread and 25 cent martinis (they are strong!) before hand.Service: 5.0 Here is what stands out the most, Lorenzo was the server and for me to remember a few days later says a lot! Very attentive and had a great personality, when food comes out an army of servers come out to make sure dishes are placed at the same time. 
Food: 3.5 Overall the food was good but some items needed some balancing on flavors. 
Appetizers:
Foie Gras: seared and delicious, one of my favs! 
Soups 1-1-1: when you can't choose what to try why not try it all! Turtle was the best tasting of the three, then the gumbo and lastly the crawfish. Overall decent but they were all heavy and rich without balancing notes. 
Entrees: 
Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish: It was done well with flaky fish inside a nice crust, it was missing acid to cut through the breading. 
Praline Lacquered Texas Quail: The bird was moist and the skin a little crispy, it was delicious, the stuffing was excessive and not as good as the bird. 
Cajun Ribeye: The Ribeye was cooked to perfection, nice char on the outside and medium rear on the inside. Unfortunately this suffered from a heavy hand as well, the Cajun seasoning was overwhelming, the sauce was a little salty and the potatoes were too flavorful as well. Separately they might work but together it was too salty. 
Desserts: 
I usually don't eat any but the bread pudding was pretty darn good, it is a definitely must try even for non dessert lovers. 
Overall a solid 4 stars, the menu could use some tweaks, portions are large and prices are good. They just need a little more balance.An excellent meal.  For me, the food was great and probably 4 1/2 stars but the services took it over.  The best and most attentive service (without being intrusive) of any restaurant I've ever been to.  We were here for lunch ($0.25 martinis) and had a wonderful time.  Excellent meal, fantastic service, very reasonably priced.The immaculate service alone should make you want to visit this restaurant. Ask for Jared, he is a wine connoisseur and knows his stuff! The drinks -outstanding. For not being a seafood lover, the seafood was also impeccable. And don't get me started on the turtle soup and the gumbo. Absolutely to die for.Went for the $.25 martini special at lunch (Yes, a quarter a martini). The martinis were of surprising quality for a freakin' QUARTER, and the food was fantastic. One of the best meals I've ever had, and the wait staff was exceptionally good at their jobs.Oh what a treat it was to make it to Commander's Palace. I underestimated how fancy this place is but I quickly found out once I got here. They strongly suggest a dinner jacket and immediately I saw why ... almost every guy had one during my lunch visit. I like to buck trends so I omitted a jacket from my attire and even threw in dress jeans! So yup, I felt slightly out of place but at least I came with a hot dressed lady!
The service was impeccable with every staff we encountered. They use their staff quite efficiently and they are meticulous at their approach. It was all proper like and cordial at all times yet very friendly as well.
The food was done quite well. The lamb I had was grilled perfectly and paired well with the veggies. Dessert also rocked as we had the strawberry shortcake. It was rich and very tasty.
I'm glad I was able to drop in. Overall, I enjoyed my time at CP. It was a bit pricey in the sense that I may have just a slight reservation about coming back but they one nice saving grace was their martinis. They were 25 cents during brunch and instantly made this visit a very good bang for the buck!Take a step back into the past and enjoy a fully-loaded meal in the South.  For better or worse, this spot actually used to be part of a plantation back in the day.  
The lunch menu allows you to pay about 30-35 dollars for your entree which includes an appetizer and dessert as well.  We were lucky because we had 8 people with us for lunch and we decided to just order all 8 entrees and 9 desserts.  Us Asians are notorious for our family-style eating dispositions.  haha.  
Out of the all the entrees, I would rank my top three as: (1) Eggs Couchon De Lait, (2) Black Skillet Seared Gulf Fish, (3) Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish.  As for desserts, the cheesecake was my favoite with the bourbon ice cream coming in second. 
Its a little pricey, but not overwhelmingly expensive for fine dining.  One of the highlights of the whole meal was having the band give us a live table-side jazz performance.  Awesomeness..25 Martini during lunch , heck yeah!! Ok, sorry it took so long for this review; however 
Good things take time.  This place is a 5 star out of 5 for service.  In fact the service was soo good I almost rated it 5 starts on food as well.  The wait staff and host upon initial check in were incredible and go out of their way to acknoweldge you, even me dressed in Jeans and a pull over fleece.   Now for the food.  I stayed on the light side and ordered a salad, similar to ceasar and the chicken susage gumbo. While waiting for the salad, the buttery, freshly baked garlic bread Rocked, in fact I requested an additional plate and my waiter was happy to bring it out.  My wife ordered the crusted Fish, which was spoken about yet not a selection; however they prepared it anyway.  Again 5 out of 5 for service.  The gumbo was brown in color and had just the right consistency of thickness.  It had a really nice flavor; however me being the food critic that I am, I could taste the browned flour that had not cook all the way out.  This is the only reason for the 4 star.  The Fish was absolutely amazing, yet very rich.  My wife could not finish it all and I found my self stuffing my face with it while standing as we were going to be late for a cemitary tour not far from this place.  The fish was crusted, flakey and had som sort of buttery sauce around the plate.The restaurant has a nice ombiance with nice staff but they can be overbearing at times. The turtle soup and commanders salad app were amazing!!! The pork entree and gulf fish entree,however, were nothing to write home about. There was no option for the style the pork would be cooked and it came out rare and bloody---totally unappetizing. The gulf fish was good but not great. The soufflé dessert was yummy. Thus I am ranking this restaurant 3/5;The food was okay -- but not worth the price, and utterly ruined by the service.   It is, in fact, the oft-touted service that gets the 1-star rating.   When you're dining at a place that charges this much, and has staked its reputation on providing the best service of any restaurant in New Orleans, a city famous for its amazing restaurants, the service should really be spectacular, or, at the very least, somewhat pleasant.   The service on the night my wife and I dined there (November 2nd, 2015) was neither.   Our waiter was aloof, surly, and attitudinal.  And the service of the entire staff was just odd and kind of insulting.   First off, they totally botched the ritual of providing appropriate colored linen napkins at the point of the seating.   They gave me a black napkin and then left the white napkin sitting on my plate!   I took it off myself, and it just sat there on the table, a wadded up napkin, for the rest of our dinner.   When I asked our waiter about some things on the menu, he stood behind me, basically, and directed all his answers to  my wife -- without even once looking in my direction, with this twinkling sneer in his eyes -- so that I had to crane my head around awkwardly to face him.   You get better service than that at a diner!    The table next to us all received a round of amuse bouche appetizers.   I noticed a few tables that had received these.   Not us.   Even after we'd place our orders.   At another table near us, the chef came out with an entire round of some other complimentary appetizer.   The message I got through this uneven/imbalanced service is that some customers are valued more than others -- perhaps ones who dine there often and/or appear to have money & power?   (Though I will mention that my wife and I were both dressed nicely and that we often dine in upscale restaurants.)    I thought that the fact that we were friends with one of the dining room captains might have given us a leg up in this snooty environment, but apparently I was wrong.   Incidentally, the best item on the menu that we sampled that night were the raw oysters.   The pecan-encrusted drum was okay, but nothing special.   And the salads were ridiculous -- basically, just a 3-inch-in-diameter mound of about 4 lettuce leaves.   They were tasty, but this cost 9 dollars a piece!    I realize that most of the reviews of this restaurant give it 5 and 4 stars.   But my wife & I did not have a 4/5-star experience.   And in fact the whole experience left a really bad taste in our mouths.   (Especially considering the $215 price-tag.)SO awesome. Big fan of the Jazz Brunch. Mimosas anyone? I think the food here is phenomenal, but it tastes best when someone else picks up the tab :)I love the decorum of this place! My wife picked this one for lunch and at first I looked at the outside and wasn't too impressed. Then I came in and whoa! Elegance! We started with the Confit Lamb Belly and moved to the Summer Harvest. Good, Good and Good! From there we had  N.O. take on the Cuban (Spice was perfect!). We also tried the Garlic and Chili Chicken.... naptime good! Drinks were great especially that special Big Easy! The Adelaide Swizzle was on point as well. The Foster's Flambe was a perfect desert for a perfect lunch. Staff is classy and courteous! You will not be disappointed!Commanders Palace is all class and very well composed dishes. 
The surf and turf was amazing. The pork shoulder had a nice bark on it and the shrimp were really fantastic. 
The gumbo is rich and complex.  The turtle soup is similarly interesting and sure to be a palate pleaser. 
The bread pudding soufflé while tasty is not bread pudding. If that's what you're looking for you might be disappointed. It's a soufflé that tastes a little like bread pudding (with a great rum sauce).Food and service was great and would recommend if you are in the garden district.  We visited on Saturday for brunch at 11:30am and the place was packed by noon.  The ambience was interesting because they tried to make it nice but also had colored balloons at each table, made it seem like I was at a birthday party. We ordered
Eggs Benedict
Special Foie Gras 
Prosecco Poached Crabmeat
Sugarcane and black peppered bacon
Buttermilk biscuits
Black Angus Beef
Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish
Soups 1-1-1
Shrimp and Tasso Henican
Soufflé
Strawberry Short Cake
My wife loved the foie gras and I enjoyed the 18 hour smoked pork eggs Benedict. This was also the first time I ever tasted turtle soup and it was surprisingly tasty, would order again.  However, the Soup Du Jour was the best of the 3 soup tastings. 
Lastly, they provide you a pamphlet at the front and you can do a self tour around the garden district at your leisurely. Overall a great experience and highly recommended.This place was awesome!!! I love love loved the service that was provided!  Absolutely in love with the Bread Pudding Soufflé!  Pretty much the high dollar meals paid for this great dining experience.
I expected the food to be better than average considering I live in the gulf coast.  
1. Appetizer:  fried oyster and fried pork belly.  Loved the pork belly! Crispy and soft at the same time.  Fried Oysters was flavorless.  
2. Crusted red fish:  My dish was nothing special.  It's Oshner healthy approved!  For $40, I expected it to be the best tasting fish ever!  No I was disappointed. 
3. Creole seafood bouillabaisse:  rich and creamy,  did not like have all those mussel in the shell.  Takes work to eat this soup lol. 
4. Gumbo soup:  pretty good soup. Flavorful but on the saltier side.
Now...onto my favorite review!!
5. Bread Pudding Soufflé. Oh my god!  The warm whiskey white chocolate is added into the bread pudding soufflé after it is placed in front of you makes this dessert 100 time better!  Freshly baked and make to order.  It takes at least 20 mins to prepare!  The top of the soufflé was soft and fluffy.  Words can not describe.  My mouth is watering while I'm writing this review!  The bread pudding below was sweet yet not overly sweet.  It's soo hard to describe that words won't do this dessert justice!  You have to try it to believe it!!! 
Overall, I would come and order dessert only of I could!!!The outside is cute. The service is impeccable. I went for lunch. The restaurant felt like stepping back in time. Don't dismiss the garlic bread-it looks deceptively bad but it is amazingly flavorful. The dinner bread was like clouds from heaven. Turtle soup was delicious. The quail stuffed with boudin was decadent. The bread pudding soufflé is MUST GET. 25 cent martinis with an entree (max 3) Lunch was a deal at 40 bucks with three courses.This was a cool experience and really captured the feel of New Orleans for me.  A friend of mine who grew up in New Orleans took us here for dinner and we had a great time.  Something that looks literally like the Haunted Mansion in Disneyland, the converted house to restaurant is eerie and immediately sets the mood for dinner.  We were seating in the main dining room and were reminded that gentlemen needed to leave their coats on the entire time they are there...I actually tried to take it off after a friend spilled some water on me and a waiter rushed over to remind me (is this still the case?). Anyhow, onto the food, I ordered the turtle soup since I've heard great things about this and I was surprised at how creamy and good it tastes. I also had the filet and it was quite good as well.  I'm not a big fan of beignets but after dinner drinks finished off the night well.  It's been a while since I've been there but highly recommended for out of towners like me who want a taste of N.O. 
P.S. Reservations are mandatory and the pricing is moderate to high.One of the best meals I have ever had.  From start to finish, I was beyond impressed.  
I'm not always the most adventurous eater, but had heard great things about several menu items that I could not pass them up.
The turtle soup is really good and something you must try in New Orleans...so imagine this is the one place you should try it!
I ordered a veal dish that was incredible.  I never eat veal, but this dish was so good I think I could eat it daily. 
And finally, the bread pudding soufle was to die for.  I love bread pudding and this was clearly one of the best I have ever had.What a treat this place is! I went here with a party of 10 the other night for my good friends birthday and we had a wonderful experience due to the service! The food was good, but the service is where this place trumps all. 
To start the meal off, we all ordered a variety of different cocktails, the "Out of the blue" being a fan favorite amongst us all (I had 3 of these bad boys). The red wine was also great and my friends really enjoyed it paired with their entrees.
For appetizers, almost all of us ordered the gumbo. The gumbo was solid, but I felt it lacked any meat or seafood like the menu said it did. It seemed to be mostly broth. 
For entrees we all ordered something different. From duck to seared tuna, everybody enjoyed their dishes...for the most part. Some of my friends complained that the duck wasn't crispy like usual. The filet was by far the highlight dish. The seared tuna was standard, it was bland in the sense that it didn't really come with much else, just two pieces of tuna. This was disappointing to me because I LOVE seared tuna. 
The desert was great, at least the strawberry shortcake was phenomenal. The bread pudding soufflé was a rough desert for my friends. They all claimed it tasted WAY too strong of brandy, so I didn't even bother trying it. Great service, average food, good drinks. Good option for sure, but with the prices, I'm not sure it's worth it.I'm not quite sure what to write. Our first experience was completely different than this November 18th experience.
I can't say enough about the first experience. All the praise and accolades were shone to be legitimate.
However with a :(  this time was like sitting in a training room at your local culinary school. I tend to be slightly forgiving due to the fact of my family being in the business for over 47 years.
The points I have to make are:
The noise level was extremely loud.
There is a dress coat with jacket required posted on their web page and stated when called.
However we saw men in golf sweaters and casual shirts and sneakers??
I looked for flip flops but could not find any. Thank goodness for that.
They were rigorously a posed to accommodate my wife's seafood allergy. Only on our third assertive request did they make efforts to accommodate.
After several sentences back and forth with the waiter and with my tone getting more assertive with every un accommodating  reply the waiter finally came back to the table and reported that the chef had agreed to do the duck part of the all for one and one for all, everybody at the table had to order this or no one can get it chefs selection.
Dry, over cooked and salty.
If I had know I would have packed a turkey club and a bad of chips in my blazer so my beloved wife could have a decent selection on what was supposed to be a very special evening for us.
The food, that included mine and our drinks appetizer and desert was just ok with no special notes or flavors other than one or two.
Everything was heavy heavy on the salt and nothing seamed to have that top level of seasoning including the drinks.
The strangest and most unprofessional behavior I have ever received was as we were eating our meal. 
During our meal we received a life lesson from the waiter. He just stop in front of our table and stated if you don't get what you want just ask again.
Thanks. Thanks a lot. I'm a full grown man. But thank you for telling me how to make it in life.
What the F was that?
Where I have owned my own restaurant, delicatessen and high end catering service. And sold them all for profits I might add. That little chestnut alone would normally get a zero rating and a conversation with the restaurant manager.
I had to really step back and just write a review instead of teach!
The staff was loose and unpolished. The guests next to use had one guest from the party jacket fall to the floor. Every single staff member passed it by until 30 minutes later I picked it up and handed it to the patron.
We mentioned we were not having wine and only a cocktail or two.
The Empty wine glasses remained on our table and glaringly out of place the entire meal.
I still remain confused.
It was only ok, salty food with horrible, and inattentive service and loud as hell.
What gives commanders?
MattA must for any visitor in New Orleans!  Their lunch time menu and their 75 cent martinis can't be beat...my favorite was the Commander's one with the blue curacao!  And I have never ever had such attentive service in my life!  Not only are they on top of refilling your water, they change your glass for fresh water!  Every time one of us stood up to use the bathroom or step outside, there they were, folding their napkin neatly in place.
Needless to say, the food was superb - I got the salad with the figs, and my boyfriend had the three soup combo (my fav was the turtle soup!).  The seafood cake and the pork were both delicious.  I was so full I didn't have room for dessert unfortunately!This is a true dining experience!
When I heard I had to pack a coat to eat brunch in NO my first thought was "no way, no how". Sooo glad I did. This was by far our best eating experience of the trip. Not growing up in the South I have only heard the expression Southern Hospitality but I have now experienced it firsthand. The service was impeccable, the food was unique and superb. My wife calls this dining, not eating. Couldn't agree more. Her favorite was the Turtle Soup, mine was the Pecan crusted Gulf Fish. This is not inexpensive but worth every penny!I loved this place from the minute I walked in (but not before--as the exterior was a bit dingy) and saw their embroidered padded wall coverings. I was already thinking of ways to redecorate our tiny Brooklyn pad when they escorted us to our table where we were surrounded by ever more lovely wall art in the form of birds --some three dimensional and some painted on. I was in love and I hadn't even eaten yet!
We went for the prix fixe meals. FYI I didn't see it on the menu but you can get a three soup tasting if you can't decide between the gumbo or the turtle (the turtle soup by the way was exciting for the novelty factor but in reality tasted like chili -- booring). 
The short ribs were tender and delicious. The bread pudding souffle tasted good but was more ile flottant than bread pudding. 
This was by far the best meal we had in New Orleans... and if I weren't barefoot and pregnant I would have been all over the 25 cent martinis.Visiting NOLA many friends had recommended booking a reservation here. This place has class down to a science. Booking the reservation the man on the phone was polished, suggested looking at the dress code and said they looked forward to having us. I like when a restaurant gives direction, instead of expecting you to know the standard. When we arrived there was a line of hosts smiling and welcoming us to the restaurant ready to wisp us away to our table. The food was fantastic, the service was over the top. This is an enchanting place to dine. It was a perfect night to share with my great friend. I loved the documentary on Netflix! Wish I had watched it before going. Would love to come back for their Sunday brunch!I would give this place a 4.5. Not quite a 5, but somewhat better than a 4. I've been wanting to try this place for years so this year we went to New Orleans for my b-day and made our way here, right across the street from the cemetery. I guess the location is convenient for people who like to say "the food is to die for."
The service is 5 star and was mostly impeccable. Top-notch, very professional, warm, and accommodating. 
To start, the bloody mary was probably the best I ever had in my life, so I had to have a few of those! The wife tried the turtle soup and although it is a signature dish, neither of us cared for it. I guess it is a personal preference or acquired taste. I can't say whether the restaurant did anything wrong or not, the taste was just not for us. On the other hand, the shrimp bisque was outstanding, absolute perfection. I would eat a barrel of that if I could. I also tried the shrimp salad with remoulade sauce, and it was outstanding. I would get it again in a heartbeat. 
For entrees I got the beef brisket which was probably the best I have had in my life--braised and very flavorful. I did not care for the potates on which the meat rested. The wife got the shrimp and grits and was disappointed that they were not the creamy grits that they serve in Charleston, and the shrimp tasted very odd, each one tasted of mold. We could not figure out if they were bad or it was some kind of spice. At least she did not get sick. 
The desserts were great also. The wife tried the famous souffle that everyone talks about, and it lived up to its reputation. I got some kind of apple dessert that was described as similar to apple strudel. I am not a big dessert person but it was light and very flavorful. 
All in all, we had an excellent meal. We were stuffed beyond belief and fully sated in every way. It was a great fun experience and I would return.Commanders Palace is a place you need to have a meal at if you are in NOLA. It's a solid 3.5 in my books as my expectations might have been too high. Nonetheless, it's an institution that locals and tourists flock to so make reservations in advance. Think I made mine at least a month ahead on their website. They will also require that you respond to this email confirmation the day before. 
It's located in the beautiful Garden District beside the historic Lafayette Cemetery No. 1. You can take the St Charles street car just to add to the nostalgia which can take about 20 mins from Canal Street. Just get off at Washington and St Charles and it's about a 5 min walk to the restaurant. You can't miss the two storey aqua and white stripes building. 
It's southern fine dining in a historic home and dress code is in effect here (jackets for men). Service is warm and not stuffy at all. They start you off with garlic toast (ok) and will bring regular white bread later on. I had the soup 1-1-1 gives you about 3 ounce sample each of turtle soup (one of the few places that still make this), gumbo and soup of the day which was crawfish bisque. All the soups were rich and well seasoned so it worked out well to have a little bit of each. My favourite was the crawfish bisque. The crawfish and lemon gnocchi was another rich and delicious starter. The pecan crusted gulf fish was good though I found the sauce a tad too heavy for my taste. The soft shell crab fried and done well overall. 
Finished off with the strawberry shortcake which is made to order so you have to decide ahead if you want it. Strawberries were delicious though the shortcake was a bit denser then what I like.I put on a dress to go to this place because they do require a dress code. Though not a big fan of fine dining attire, Commanders Palace did not dissappoint. It was Monday lunch, but the restaurant was 3/4 full when we got there at 12:30.  Reservations are recommended, and calling them directly gives you a better chance than booking online!
Our server, Argyle, was helpful and friendly.  He has a cute mustache as well!  The food was great, though a bit dissappointed by the gumbo soup, which tasted like a beef strognoff instead. We tried the foie gra appetizer, seared fish, shrimp and grits, and bread pudding souffle. And dont miss their drinks! You get classic drinks for 25 cents each with your entree at lunch time, and the Cosmo I got was one of the best!
When we got our check, I was surprised that the gumbo was comp'ed because I have mentioned to Argyle that it is not the kind of gumbo I have expected. That is thoughtful service!  If I come back to NOLA, I would definitely come back!Service?  Two thumbs up.
Bread pudding souffle?  Two thumbs up.
Decor and ambiance?  Well, other than the birds that looked like they were going to fly out at you and attack you at any minute...two thumbs up.
So why only three stars?  I am semi-fairly certain that I got massive food poisoning from the oyster dome, which then caused me to faint and then throw up on the flight back to California.  Not so awesome.
But other than that, it was pretty awesome.  And it's also across the street from the graveyard where the Judge who decided Plessy v. Ferguson is buried.Eek! I know, I'm the only one in the world who had a sub-par experience here, but I did. 
Not due to service, mind you. Service was lovely. We really had multiple servers, of course, as they share duties, and never want you to be ... in want. The girl bringing our drinks described each of the brunch special cocktails to me succinctly, the man taking our food orders was able to comment on portion sizes and ingredients of nearly everything on the menu. They walked me to the restroom (a little much, but it's actually a much larger, more convoluted place than you'd think, especially when you're upstairs in a back room.)
The food is where the establishment fell short. I wasn't even paying, I was being treated, and I still felt disappointed.
The acclaimed turtle soup was too ... something. I'm going to say salty, but too much sherry was added at the table (perhaps there was already too much in it for my taste when it left the kitchen.)
I was also rather disappointed by my crawfish and mushroom salad, a special at the time. Maybe the menu stated it and I completely missed it, but I did not expect the crawfish preparation to be deep-fried. Not here. I know that's the NOLA way, outside of a crawfish boil, but that's exactly what I expected: boiled. The crawfish were little pieces of friedness (at least a fair amount of them), topping a very measly serving of greens and only two mushrooms. Two! 
We also split two appetizers, the oyster dome and the shrimp wrapped in tasso. Both were fine, neither wowed. In each case, I was glad I didn't have the whole thing to myself. 
I tasted a strawberry shortcake. Fine. Other folks at the table seemed fairly interested in caramel coated ice cream cone. But the real hit was the bread pudding souffle. Completely scrumptious. The only better I had was that evening at a rehearsal dinner hosted by my cousin-in-law's caters, Walk-Ons. Not sure what that says...
At any rate, I hope the next time around is better. But in the meantime, I'll continue to frequent my standbys.so i hate writing bad reviews, its almost as if it forces me to relive the horrors of the night.  but here it is...
i wish i could have these 2 hours back.  (company and wine was great)...but
we had the chef's tasting menu and the bottle of caymus helped...
i started off with the soft shelled crab, had an extra turtle soup, deep fried prawns, a rib dish and the special souffle.
- the soft shelled crab was decent
- the turtle soup was over seasoned
- deep fried prawn was oily and the prawn itself was a powdery texture
- the rib dish we got had a deep fried crispy thing where we all looked at each other and said "stale" at the same time.
- the "special souffle" was not that special
this was very disappointing considering how highly rate this place was.  if you get a chance with more days go to August, a john besh restaurant.  now THAT was an amazing experience. (lunch or dinner)2 words: "Sweating Water."  What does that mean, you ask?  I noticed that when our water glass filled w/ ice started to "sweat," the wait staff immediately changed our glasses and replaced them w/ new water.  What?!?!  This is unheard of.  AND, let's say your water glass was halfway empty, they'd switch it out w/ a new glass!  Some people may call this a waste of water, but I call if attentive service! But let me start from the beginning.  When one of my colleagues made the reservation, she was told that jeans were "strongly discouraged."  Needless to say, myself and another colleague were both wearing jeans.  As we walked in, we looked through a window and saw that everyone was dressed pretty spiffy.  The hostess kind of looked us up and down, but whatever, I still looked cute in my jeans and all.  We weren't turned away, so whatever.  We were led through all of these rooms throughout this large house and I swear that every waiter/ress we saw greeted us.  It seems like some were even just standing around waiting to greet us.  The food was terrific!  I ordered their garlic and black pepper shrimp and it was great.  BUT, to die for, is their bread pudding souffle.  When I took a bite, everyone thought that they should leave the table and give me a moment w/ it.  Soooooo good and I have been on THE HUNT for the perfect bread pudding.  I ended up eating two.  And get this: when they bring you your food, all the waiters make sure that they place the food down for each person at the same exact time.  Synchronized table service!!!!  If that alone doesn't peek your curiosity, then I don't know what will.  The bill came to a total of almost $500, but there were 7 of us and alcohol was involved so I think that's a pretty good price.  All in all, terrific food, great ambiance, and excellent service.You can't go wrong with service, atmosphere and food here. The Saturday brunch with live music is a blast, and the weekday lunch with 25 cent martinis!A throughly superb dining experience! I was afraid with all of the posts that this might be a stuffy, over rated, antebellum restaurant. Nothing could be further from the truth. The warm greeting from every person that we encountered from the door man to the kitchen staff speaks to the commitment to the diners satisfaction. The cocktails,( recommend the pear and sage martini. Slightly sweet with a hint of spice) and starter salads, (pumpkin and arugula and romaine) were amazing! Entrees of Commander's shrimp and a pecan crusted fish was beyond delicious and the perfect finish was the surprising light and delicate bread pudding, a must have dessert.  What a fabulous treat.The cocktails were refreshing and for a modest price. I had the bread pudding and it was phenomenal. Top notch service."A sad disappointment"
My third visit to Commanders, but the first for my spouse. The "Tour" through the kitchen to our dining section is tiring, not special. The decor is classic, but dusty. The cocktails excellent. 
Without trudging through the menu, we took advantage of the special Restaurant Week special Three Course menu. The ingredients taste fresh, but we couldn't find a dish that wasn't salted or sauced to a fault. The featured ingredient in the dish is just not represented or featured when the sauce is so overpowering. It also makes for not a very visually appealing dish. A disappointing meal throughout. 
The service was excellent, very attentive and professional. Where the service could have been more responsible was with the two separate, loud tables of not so "gentle"men. Both were loud and vulgar. I am not offended by cussing, but in a fine dining establishment, please reel them in. It was so bad that at one point, an offended woman stood and yelled at them for their actions. Staff should have had this under control at an establishment of this reputation.
It feels as if the Palace is just going through the motions, printing money along the way.Dear Commander's Palace,
On every trip to New Orleans I say I will come to visit you. The first trip in 2003 my ex and I tried to dine here, but alas he was in jeans so we got a no from you. I understand I don't like jeans that much either. The second trip in 2004 went to visit to 2 other fancy restaurants so I didn't dine here. The thrid trip 2008 and forth trip 2009 I kinda just forgot but this trip my fifth hallows 2012, I made a point to visit. So I went for lunch on Halloween with a girlfriend for lunch.
We started with TWENTY FIVE CENT MARTINIS.... yes I had the limit of 3. The second one came out with a lipstick stain on it.  I got so startled I spilled the drink on my blouse... lucky for me it was just on my arm. The service was just so-so the  waitress didn't even bother to get me a new napkin to dry my arm after the spill.
The food was good... not great   I'm thinking it being lunch nobody was on their A game. I did try the Turtle Soup it was odd, but good. I of course had pecan pie for dessert that was wonderful... can't really mess that up.
I will give you another chance because I'm nice like that.With having dined here only once and not having tried other local fine dining restaurants, I would say Commander's Palace was a nice experience.  For a fine dining experience, the food was average and the service above average.  Everyone was very friendly.
Bread pudding souffle was the best part.  Foie gras was interesting, but small and nothing notable.  The poultry entree (Cornish hen?) was dry and I didn't like the flavor.  I've also had better mushroom risotto, but maybe the taste is a matter of personal preference.  Soups were good.
We did not sit in the main dining room.  I did not see much of the main dining room but would guess it is a better experience.Went to CP for our final night in NOLA.  The food was outstanding but the service was not.  It wasn't bad, mind you, but was definitely not up to their normal standard.  The wait staff seemed to be confused on things like drink orders and desserts.  I chalk it up to being seated away from the main room, but they should still have consistent standards.  Our main waiter was fine, it seemed to be the secondary staff.WOW... highly disappointed. As a returning customer, I had high hopes that the bad reviews lately were just "those" yelpers but alas, they were right. Service has significantly declined since our last visit two years ago and it's just not what it used to be. It used to be refined and unparalleled. Not the case anymore. The feel has just become much more casual.
We convinced our brother in law that we needed to come to New Orleans for his 40TH birthday around the fact that he needed to experience Commanders Palace, and we're honestly embarrassed. 
Service aside (even though that's what this place is known for), the real disappointments came in the food. I got the filet medium and it was entirely well done. We're talking it might as well have been roast beef. Such a disappointment. I got the crab on the side and there were so many shell shards in it I couldn't eat it. My husband took a bite without me even saying anything and I watched him pull shells out of his mouth too. 
Very sad for a place that had such a historical reputation for an unprecedented experience; service and food wise.
I literally just ate here tonight and was so disappointed I was compelled to write this review immediately upon returning to my hotel. Super bummed.Five stars is not enough for this place! The food was incredible and the service was unlike anything we had ever experienced. One person in our party has a severe gluten allergy and they were able to accommodate her without any issues. If you're looking for a nice evening out, give it a try, you won't be disappointed.This was our first meal in NOLA.  We dressed our 14 month old up in a little black dress, put on some fancy clothes that would remain in the hotel closet for the rest of the trip, and took a cab to the garden district for lunch in the turquoise and white building.
It's no surprise that 130 years provides ample time to learn most of what there is to know about how to make delicious food and how to treat a guest.  We'd put on our best clothes, and it seemed like Commander's leaped up to meet us as we were greeted by a phalanx of waiters, towel over an arm, and taken to our table.  On the way, we walked through the kitchen area which was bustling with lunch preparations.  I don't know if that visit to the kitchen is a standard feature of every Commander's visit, but my wife and I agreed later that it was one of the cooler non-food elements of the visit.
The glass-clad dining room we were seated in was elegant and showed its age in all the right ways.  All of the restaurants we planned to visit on the trip had said that our little one would be welcome, but I'd wondered how true that was.  Commander's set a high bar:  the wait staff played, flirted, and even brought a balloon for her.  She's already very good at taking social cues about behavior, and put on her best for this meal.  The only thing that made me more proud of her was all of the compliments from the wait staff.
The food was outstanding.  We split a gumbo and turtle soup.  The turtle soup was my first introduction to the dish and the deep, complex flavors would have outshined nearly any soup had the gumbo not been there.  Short of the gumbo at Stanley, it was my favorite of the trip.
The cochon de lait and lacquered quail were both delicious.  I'd been told that we would roll out of the restaurant absolutely stuffed, but I didn't find the portions to be overly large at all.  By the time we reached dessert, I had plenty of room.  We ordered the bread pudding souffle and a strawberry shortcake.  Both were good, though I preferred the shortcake.  I'm not a huge fan of souffle and, while it was tasty enough, it didn't sway me over to the eggy side of dessert.
There are many restaurants that I'd like to visit in New Orleans.  We barely put a dent in my list during this trip, in fact.  So it's high praise, given the limits of time and stomach space, that I don't think I'd be able to make a next trip without visiting Commander's.We had the Saturday brunch. Live music, five star service. The award winning Bloody Mary is not for me lol
Food is good, price is reasonable
Also, they have dress code. I got stopped upon entry since I wear shorts, since we were just walking by. I went back for changing. I totally understood. But after returned and got seated, I saw the couple seat at the next table wear jeans and sports shoes. Just curious about their dress code:)This place is phenomenal! Food is delicious and service is great! 
Everyone must try their turtle soup! Their dessert is out of this world. I also really liked the fact that there's a required dress code so I wore a dress & heels while my date wore a suit. Fancy!I'm giving this place a 2 to compensate for it's currently overinflated rating of 4 1/2 stars. 
For starters, the dress code is completely unnecessary. The men end up looking nice and the women show up in things like a jean vest. It's absurd. Not only that but they don't enforce it at least not that I saw. My husband wore nice jeans, a short sleeved button up shirt, and tennis shoes. Our waitress said you can get away with just about anything but shorts. 
The food leaves a lot to be desired as well. The turtle soup was terrible. I can't even tell you what was wrong with it other than it tasted awful. My husband had the blueberry salad which was actually quite good. The waitress insisted on brining me something else since I didn't like the soup. But the other soup option was unavailable and so she came back with the commanders salad. Which was a strange version of Caesar salad that would have been better off being a Caesar salad. It wasn't terrible and in comparison to the soup, it was great. But I have definitely had better. 
Our entrees were average. I had shrimp & grits and my husband had the quail. Completely unspecial.
Dessert was by far the best part of the meal but it did not make up for the complete and utter lack of disappointment that we both felt. The strawberry shortcake was yummy, but the biscuit was sweet on sweet. It would  have been better if it was more buttery or just less sweet. The lemon/blueberry pound cake, wasn't really a pound cake but tasty regardless. 
Our waitress was really sweet and she seemed to be working in tandem with another fella that occasionally checked on us. But they were slow. Slow to clear our complete/dirty dishes, slow to check back in us, and slow to bring us our food. The only guy that was really on his game was the guy refilling our waters.
The one positive thing I can say is that they give you plenty of bread and butter with your meal.
We won't be back or recommending this place to anyone.My wife and I had a flukey visit here.  It started with a corked _glass_ of wine (the waiter agreed), which he happily replaced and apologized for profusely.   Then my wife's soup came out luke warm and the the flavors weren't very fresh in it.  Finally, my wife's main course came out cold.   The servers dealt with us like pros.  The manager came over and apologized.  Overall I felt good about the experience. 
The turtle soup was amazing.  Definitely worth trying.Commander's Palace was on my list of "must eats," and it exceeded expectations by far. The family and I (husband and two very picky teenagers) went for lunch, since that seemed more economical with teens. It was fabulous. Our trip was a few days before my birthday, so there were balloons at the table and we were greeted by name along with a happy birthday. The service was superb, and the food envelope better. My daughter and I ordered the three course lunch special, of turtle soup, sugarcane lacquered quail, and bread pudding soufflé. My husband ordered the soup, and had the catfish with the Commanders Classic Fudge Sheba for dessert. My son ordered the marinated heirloom tomatoes, the cast iron blackened fish (which that day was red drum), and the bread pudding soufflé. My son and I ended up switching entrees because he tried my quail and swooned. Yes, the quail and accompaniments were that good, and if he weren't my son i wouldn't have switched. His fish was perfect, so at least I got a good trade. Dessert was as above par as the rest of the meal. The bread pudding soufflé was incredible, but my husband shared his fudge Sheba with the kids (I declined a bite so he could have more), and all three of them declared it the best thing they've ever eaten. Our primary server Argyle was fabulous, as were the rest of those serving us that Monday, June 12. An aside, my husband had a wonderful mojito, while I had three of the 25 cent martinis (I was going to have three different kinds, but the Commanders Martini was so good I stuck with it). A great experience all around. This is one restaurant that more than lives up to the hype.This place was good. Of course the famous turtle soup with sherry is amazing! The servers were great.Just got back from a 7 pm dinner for 4. This is my 5 th time at Commanders (over a 30 year period) and this  restaurant is no longer up to par to it's previous awards. Service is lacking. Our waiter was disinterested and frankly absent for the last hour of our dinner. The beverage server  apologized 3 separate times about the service stating " it is just crazy tonight!"  This is supposed to be a 5 star restaurant which requires reservations weeks/months in advance so how can any employee apologize for being crazy any given night? First half of our dinner was actually rushed. We had not even completely sat down and we were asked what we wanted to drink. I'm serious we were still standing around the table. Before our drinks arrived, we were asked what we wanted to order. Questions about the menus were answered with curt 2 word answers. When food arrived (which was excellent!) I asked for a glass of wine to have with the entree. It arrived 25 minutes later with no apologies when everyone was done with entries. 2 of us had preordered soufflé for desert. 10-15 min after we had completed our entrees server came by (not the waiter) apologized again and asked the other 2 if they wanted desert also. An additional 20 minutes went by before they arrived (so why have to preorder?) This was not just us. The table next to us actually got up with credit card in hand to  "check out" up front because they tired of waiting. 
To many good restaurants in New Orleans to put up with this. Commanders is living on past reputation.We are college students on a budget, but couldn't pass up a trip to Commander's Palace while in NOLA for the Sugar Bowl. After all, this is the home to Paul Prudhomme, and where Emeril himself got his start, so we couldn't miss it. To save a little money, we went for brunch on New Year's Day.
Starting with the lovely street car ride through the garden district out to the restaurant, it was an incredible experience. The building is beautiful, the staff hospitable and friendly yet unpretentious and not overbearing.
I started out with a classic Brandy Milk Punch (delicious) and my wife had a Bellini. For appetizers, I had the Foie Gras Pain Perdu (French Toast with Foie Gras mousse, strawberries, and a delicious chicory coffee englaise), and my wife had the Oyster Absinthe Dome (oysters cooked in absinthe and butter, covered in a puff pasty shell, sort of a fancy pot pie). Both were out of this world fantastic.
Moving on to the main course, I had the classic Eggs Couchon De Lait, basically pulled pork over biscuits with eggs and a delicious bourbon sauce. My wife had the cajun chicken with eggs. I had the best Bloody Mary I've ever had to accompany it.
We didn't really have room, but neither of us could pass up the famous Bread Pudding Souffle with whiskey cream sauce for dessert. Fantastic!
Throughout the meal a jazz trio roamed around the restaurant. They asked for requests, and even played Cincinnati and Florida songs for us fans in town for the Sugar Bowl. Unlike most restaurants, the staff kept the pace slow. We had plenty of time to chat and drink between each course. I've seen others complain about the "slow" service, but this is the south people! We like to enjoy our conversation. (The entire meal took a bit over 2 hours, so allow time accordingly).
After brunch, we roamed around the beautiful garden district before taking the streetcar back to the French Quarter. Just a once in a lifetime, unforgettable, can't-miss experience!I'm not sure how the food taste in this place as we couldn't get in. This place has a "NO SHORTS" policy. We went there based on someone's recommendations but didn't know about this policy.This place has been on my bucket-list for many years. Recently re-visited NOLA and was finally able to make reservations for their Sunday Jazz Brunch. It was, hands-down, one of the best meals I have ever had. So much so that I had tears in my eyes savoring every single bite.This place is truly the Ritz Carlton of dining. 
When we were getting seated through the kitchen into the Garden Room, every staff member stopped to welcome us. The atmosphere was unique from any restaurant that I've been to. Our waitress Ashley was fantastic, attentive and had great recommendations. Our glasses never stayed low, the waiters always made sure we had everything we needed. Our food was perfection, and extremely delicious. The outside of the Garden Room was equally impressive as the inside- they had this gorgeous botanical garden, just outside the walkway. I highly recommend this place for any occasion.An amazing experience.  We were seated upstairs and the view through the trees was wonderful.  The service is impeccable at every level.  The cuisine was excellent and the bread pudding, to die for.  My first stop when  I return to New Orleans, The Commander's Palace.Three stars for a very middle of the road experience. Very predictable, very competently executed, very unexciting. The clubhouse style dress code keeps everything stylish and, well, unexciting - a sea of blue blazers and khaki trousers... Ordinary, carefully inoffensive, and very safe.Ok, maybe I just don't get it but I did not enjoy my Saturday night dinner here. First, let's say that the service is wonderful. Everybody's extremely courteous and accommodating. It's also cool to see the inner workings of their kitchen as they lead you to your table. However, I was not impressed with the food. I got a Soup De Jour, which was made with bacon, artichoke and something else I can't remember now (oysters?). The soup was actually good but it's a creamy soup and creamy soups are almost always good. Next was Shrimp and Grits. The dish was ok but a bit on the sweet side. I'm not a fan of sweetness in my dinner, so maybe it's just me. And then came the bread pudding soufle. I already had a fair amount of sugar after the shrimp dish, so I was hoping it would be not too sweet. Wrong. Completely overpowered with sugar. I could not even have two spoonfuls of the soufle as it was just too sweet. So I left pretty much the whole soufle untouched. When the waiter came to collect our dishes, he did not even ask why I did not eat the soufle, which is usually not the way it should work at better-than-average establishments. Overall, it was an ok dinner at best and I left kinda hungry and had to buy a sandwich from a food truck afterward (which turned out to be sweet as well...what's going on??)The overall experience was fantastic. Everyone was happy at our table of 10. I only gave the four stars because we were a little disappointed with the Sazerac. We order them back at our favorite restaurant in San Juan Capistrano and thought we would get something special In New Orleans. After all, this is where the drink originated and the signature drink of this restaurant. The guys at Harlow's serve it in a snifter and torch the Orange peel as the garnishment. The flavor and presentation would be a good improvement for Commanders Palace. I'm sure this recommendation will go in the trash because they were as busy as one could imagine and getting a table wasn't easy. It is worth a trip and being in a restaurant that has lasted over 100 years is history in itself.Fine dining is not dead and commander's proves it. Everything was exactly as I expected it to be and more. From the moment we walked in and were seated, everyone we came into contact with greeted us with a smile. We were seated in the main dining room, which is gorgeous. It gives the feeling of dining in someone's home rather than a restaurant. Our service was excellent, and i'd expect nothing less from this establishment. The servers were professional and attentive without being overbearing. I had the gulf fish pecan and it was phenomenal. They were running a strawberry shortcake dessert special that night and it was also very delicious.Fine dining but simple food.  I had the fillet (steak) and my place was clean - no shame.  blueberry dessert was good, the bread pudding is the move though.  OMG tasted so goooood.  Ambiance is the best part of this establishment, that and the 100+ history.  Historic neighborhood as well.Beautiful restaurant with a fancy Southern vibe. This was the most upscale restaurant I tried in New Orleans and I was not disappointed. 
I had a salad for the appetizer and a sazerac  (I couldn't leave this city without trying one....totally not my cup of tea....had 4 sips and switched to white wine!!  Haha). I felt like I could eat the bread and butter all day long. 
I had the pecan crusted fish (forget what kind). Delish!
I docked a star because I felt it everything was excessively salty, but this could be true for all food in New Orleans (or the south in general)...?  I'm just not used to it. But tasty, nonetheless!  
We got the strawberry shortcake for dessert. Great!  But very, very sweet.  Maybe it's another southern trait!Great service,  food,  & drinks as always!  I always enjoy my time spent here on Valentine's day & with friends. A New Orleans staple for sure.The allure and elegance of this place is undeniable. Is it the best dinner I've ever had? No. But is it one that I will remember for a long time to come? Yes. Jacket required for guys, so definitely not a place I would take lightly. The food was on par with what you would expect from a joint of this type. The service was good. The bread pudding that takes 30 minutes to make was easily the biggest let down of the night though. Don't waste your time with that. Otherwise, you can't go wrong here.Everything has been said about Commanders Palace.  Be sure to save room for the Bread Pudding.  You need to order it as soon as you sit down..... Enjoy.Very good food, friendly staff & nice atmosphere! Pecan crusted fish was amazing as well as the bread pudding!!! Would definitely recommend to anyone going to New OrleansWe had a nice brunch, but felt underwhelmed compared to Brennan's in Houston. The decor seemed dated and we thought the balloons were cheesy. The service was wonderful, of course! Our cocktails were fantastic, especially the Saint 75. The garlic bread was tasty, but seemed more suited for an Italian meal. The portion sizes were very big! I was disappointed that the shrimp and grits were not on the brunch menu and ordered the pecan crusted fish, which was good, but too salty. I absolutely loved the strawberry short cake! My husband has had better pecan pie. We will be sticking with Commander's sister restaurant.Commander's Palace was my requisite "dine at an old New Orleans institution" experience. I chose it over places like Arnaud's and Galatoire's because the location was so convenient to the Garden District (right across the street from Lafayette Cemetery!). 
First off, the service is absolutely beyond reproach. If all servers had to go to school in order to be a server, the ones who work at Commander's Palace clearly went to the Harvard of serving schools. Expect the kind of deferential, obsequious service normally only found in Michelin-starred restaurant. If you ever wanted to know what it was like to be a celebrity or dignitary, stroll through Commander's Palace. You'll really get the royal treatment (Get it? Eh? Palace...Royal treatment?)
The restaurant is very beautiful, though I only toured the downstairs part. We were seated in a gorgeous room filled with sparkling Christmas lights, evergreens, candles and a glass-enclosed center where a few thick tree trunks jutted out from the earth.
Unfortunately, neither of us were impressed by the food. It wasn't bad, and I could definitely tell they take great pride in their cooking. But every course was just too rich. The gumbo was like eating a thick tomato paste. My Louisiana shrimp and grits were good at first, but the grits got to be way too buttery after a while and the sauce on the shrimp was so thick....and rich. Plus, the dish was loaded with scallions and I hate scallions. With a passion. My boyfriend's crispy chicken was definitely the best thing on the menu, although the accompanying pickled vegetables were just bizarre. 
Because of the rich food, we didn't have room for dessert. I did indulge in a $0.25 martini and tried the namesake one made with blue Curaçao. It was okay, but tasted of 90% Curaçao, 10% unidentifiable miscellaneous. However, for 25 cents, I'm not really complaining. In fact, the 25-cent martinis alone make Commander's Palace worth a visit.The service was impeccable and the food delicious . I got the turtle soup and the fish but the signature bread pudding is a must.....
When you are in New Orleans is a definitely worthy visit!!Any place that has been in business since your great great grandfather was born must be doing something right. We went with another couple and all did one of the three course tastings. We all got to try four starters, four entrees and four deserts. I would have ordered any of them again. They had a gumbo soup special that was the richest, deepest flavored gumbo I have ever had. The turtle soup was great. The shrimp entree and wavy beef entree were standouts. The apple cobbler desert and amazing take on crème bûrlée are worth checking out.This place definitely lived up to the hype. Right from the entrance, where you are seated after walking through an open kitchen, to the service, and then the drinks and food which are pricey but worth it. Even compared to other great New Orleans restaurants, the whole experience of Commander's Palace made this a place I will definitely stop in when I'm visiting New Orleans in the future.This was everything I expected. Service was top notch, food was amazing, and the ambiance was quite beautiful. The rabbit and andouille gumbo was delightful. If I lived in NOLA I would make this place a personal favorite.Went for jazz brunch. A New Orleans tradition we heard. It was nice seeing everyone dressed up. Huge portions, bring your appetite! Beautiful courtyard. Worth the $, if only for a quick visit to town.Wonderful meal. The chicken cassoulet was absolutely delicious. You can't beat the history of the place, the service, the people-watching, or the 25 cent martinis!  This will become a permanent stop I believe, whenever we're in NOLA.The place is very beautiful and the ambiance is warm and delicate. I loved walking through the kitchen to get to our table. The service was amazing and servers were great. I ordered the shrimp Bisque as an appetizer and it was just ok. My meal was also just ok. Then I was hopeful for the dessert but the soufflé was eggy. It was quite disappointing. Best thing we had was the wine. The place is nice but definitely overpriced for what it is.Try not to sit in the "Bird Room", the Garden Room is much prettier. After you are seated, you can't go wrong. My food came out about 3 minutes later than the other's at my table. The waiter apologized and my entree was comped. Although I wouldn't have complained, this was a very nice gesture and is typical of the 4 star service at Commander's.Soooo good! The service was amazing. The atmosphere was beautiful. The price at lunch isn't too bad either. Wayyy worth the money you spend. Definitely check this great restaurant out!We had a ladies lunch here with of course....the 25 cents Martini....wow....the food was superb and the Martini was perfect!  I can't wait to get back here....this place is outstanding! The ambience and service (very friendly wait staff) was perfect.  After lunch we took a walk in the cemetary across the street.I had always wanted to visit the Commander's Palace.  When I finally got the chance to go for the Sunday jazz brunch on my fourth and most recent trip to New Orleans, the experience did not disappoint  The staff were very well trained and professional.  The jazz trio that came through added such a great sense of fun and festivity.  And the food, wow.  Just....wow.  I started with the Shrimp and Tasso.  I cannot stomach most seafood and rarely eat shrimp.  I tried this because it was one of their signature dishes.  I understand why.  It was so perfect and delicious I could not believe it.  My companion was dying of jealousy.  For dessert, I had their famous bread pudding.  This was also everything it was reputed to be.  A perfect place, a perfect experience.  This will definitely become a must on every future trip to New Orleans.  Be prepared to dress up a little and make reservations well in advance!!This was our second visit and it was very average. One of the things that sets fine dining venues apart from others is the service. Tonight the service was less than attentive.   There were long pauses where our waitstaff disappeared. It was over thirty minutes between our main course and dessert and not during prime time either. We had the Chef's Playground tasting menu and I had the wine flight. At many nice restaurants a wine flight is introduced by the sommelier or at least a knowledgable waiter who tells you a little about the wine and why it was chosen for that course. Tonight a busboy poured the wine, with no explanations - once refilling a wine glass I'd previously used. When you drop $300 for dinner for 2, my expectations are much higher and this fell very short.One word - Amazing.
Two words- Must go.
For a first-time visitor in NOLA, this dining experience was exquisite and the customer service was superb. It is rare to be served by 3 people all at once! 
I went during a weekday lunch and they had 25 cent martinis (yes, that's crazy!) Their menu still had the bread pudding and turtle soup that everyone was raving about.  I missed out on the live jazz music which I believe are on weekend brunches(?)
We had quail, shrimp, angus beef, turtle soup along with bread pudding.  All dishes were delicious. Our servers were all fabulous and provided great recommendations for food and drinks.
Tips-
- Make a reservation. While you can find the option to reserve online, we had some difficulty (possibly because the date was near?), but we called and it was easily accommodated. 
- Get dressy and follow their dress code. It's a fun experience, too!  I did see someone come in with jeans but I am not sure if that's against the dress code.  FYI- He wasn't turned away, for those living on the edge of life ;) 
-  Take a nice kitchen tour after your meal.
-  There is valet, but we ended up not needing to utilizing this service since parking was super close since we arrived about 30 minutes before opening. 
-  Lafayette cemetery is across the street if you arrive earlier.  You don't need a tour guide to access the location. 
Overall, I would visit again and recommend dining here for those who want a different experience outside of the usual noisy/ bustling French quarter restaurant.Fine Dining, Southern Food and Fancy describes this place! Commander's Palace is a staple of New Orleans and a must do whenever you're in town. We received recommendations from our Airbnb host and they mentioned this place for brunch but reservations are required. We quickly made a reservation for 10:30 to attend the Sunday Jazz Brunch. Before arriving, I read up on blog posts and Yelp reviews from people who mentioned the dress code is strictly enforced. No casual clothes so be sure to dress in your Sunday best. The restaurant offers valet parking since there's limited street parking. We entered in, gave the hostess our name and were immediately seated. As you're walking to your table, you are greeted by EVERYONE. Perfect smiles and great energy. I definitely a warm feeling of being appreciated for being here. Once we were seated, we were welcomed by our servers, handed our menus and he took drink orders. There's one menu and the price of the entree will include the choice of an appetizer and dessert. I ordered the Louisiana Shrimp and Romesco Rice, Gumbo as the appetizer and the Creole Bread Pudding Soufflé. I'm sure you're waiting to hear where the Jazz part comes in? Well, there's a band of 3 that visits each table and plays a snippet of whatever artist you request. We requested Ray Charles. No significance behind him! LOL. He just came to mind! We had the ultimate Southern experience. Water glasses were never empty. Coffee was refilled often. A personal escort to the ladies room by our server with arms in tote. Total cost? $57. It's on the pricier side which I would why I recommend visiting once so you can get to experience it. Unless spending that is apart of your regular budget lol!I had my birthday dinner here and the service was more of an experience. We started off with arugula strawberry salad with pine nuts dressed with a vinaigrette and it was refreshing and ideal as a summer salad. For our entree, I had the French truffle risotto with crabmeat and it was worth every penny. The risotto was creamy and melted in your mouth. There was a light truffle flavored but not overpowering. The crabmeat also paired perfectly. We ordered an array of dessert such as the German chocolate, which they proportioned well with its taste. The chocolate was very very dark so the small portions they came in was enough. Also, the commander's creme brulee was light and airy. Not overly sweet and the caramelization was on point. This dessert did not fail my expectation. The commander's bread pudding is not as excited as a I thought it would be. It lacked substance but yet it was still delightful to eat. 
Overall, my experience here was what gave this place its well-deserved five-star rating. Remember, please do not wear jeans.A memorable experience. Great service. The food was good but could have been better.  I ordered soft shell crabs and received only one, which has never happened before.  All other restaurants give twiBeyond the fake pretentiousness and occasionally poorly run restaurant lies a pecan pie that should be on everyone's bucket list.  The drinks, turtle soup, and main courses are very good, as well - but that pecan pie is in a league of its own.BEST FRIED OYSTERS EVER. Came here with my family during Jazz Fest and we knew this was a must. One of the best meals we had while there. I loved the atmosphere and the old style the restaurant had. We were worried that with all of the hype it was not going to live up to its standards. But it totally did! I had the Parmesan Crusted Oyster salad, and it was one of the best salads I have ever had. Obviously the fried oysters were the star of that show. While my family tried many other options I would have to say the best part was the dessert. The Bread Pudding was to die for. Enjoy!Commander's Palace is a large restaurant in the Garden District with a white and Tiffany-blue striped awning--you won't miss it! Described as "Haute Creole" cuisine, this restaurant has won 6 James Beard awards which is reflected in this top-notch dining experience. My lunch here was hands down my favorite meal during my stay in NOLA. 
Their menu states that 90% of their ingredients come from within 100 miles of the restaurant. There are various choices for entrees from seafood to steak to more unique options like quail. Their wine options are extensive and I really enjoyed the glass that I ordered. For my meal I ordered the turtle soup which sounds like an odd choice but thanks to other Yelpers clued me in that this was delightful which it was! I also got a shrimp dish that was amazing. Their dishes are so flavorful and fresh. The other two people I came with both really enjoyed their meals as well. 
The service was excellent and our waiter was very knowledgeable about their specialties. The ambiance is nice and we were seated in an upstairs dining room. 
From start to finish I savored every bit of my time here. You will not be disappointed!Definitely a must while in NOLA! The whole experience was superb. 
Attire: Though dressy, it did not feel pretentious at all. It was all a part of the experience. I felt like fine dining at a wealthy plantation mansion. 
Top notch, detailed service. You either get a black or white napkin, depending on the primary colors of your outfit. If your glass is full but the ice has melted, they replace it with a new one. They refold your napkin if you leave the table. And they serve everyone's plate all at the same time. Jesus.
My friends did the 3 course meal with turtle soup appetizer, red fish entree, and banana bread pudding souffle. Turtle soup was good, personally the sherry wine ruined it for me so DECLINE THE SHERRY. Red fish was moist but flavor was lacking. 
The BANANA BREAD PUDDING SOUFFLE! Must! I love seeing souffle done right. And this was done right. I am not a dessert person but I kept going back for more because it was flavorful with not being too sweet. 
Personally, I skipped the 3 course meal because I read STUFFED QUAIL and i was sold. ITS A MUST. The best dish i had while in NOLA, and my friends were jealous. Muahah. Everything was perfectly cooked and I was the STUFFED one by the end of it. Good game quail, good game.Amazing service, our waiter was incredibly passionate about this restaurant and the food it serves.
I would recommend the shrimp and tasso and the soft shell crab but all the food we tried we enjoyed. 
Depending on where you are seated don't miss the courtyard and trip through the kitchen to catch a glimpse of the cooking action.This place was amazing, the servers are very friendly and polite. They were helpful as well. They were knowledge about the restaurants history and the menu. I got a turtle soup that was excellent and a scallop meal that was to die for. The desserts were a fantastic end to my meal. The strawberry shortcake what phenomenal as strawberry shortcakes go. The servers were always there to refill your drink or clean your table and they seemed to enjoy their  job. Now this isn't somewhere that you could eat at all of the time but it was a great treat while I was in town.We booked a month in advance for the JAZZ BRUNCH on Saturday.  5 stars for the ambiance / service and jazz... there's a band that goes from table to table playing a song each. They take requests! Very cool.
The food is pricey but it's because it comes with a LOT of it.. more than a human can possibly eat.  An appetizer, an entree and a HUGE dessert are all included in the entree price.  I had the chicken and sausage gumbo (a special) to start, with the pecan crusted gulf fish and the apple cobbler. I could only eat 60% of my fish and was too stuffed to even touch my dessert (and I'm an eater folks).  I really wish the portions were a bit smaller and less expensive, since I do think you pay for what you get given the large portion size, yet you could never finish it.  Everything on the menu is on the heavier side so there's no getting around it.
The gumbo was outstanding, the fish was pretty good but not great, I probably wouldn't order it again, and I can't speak to the dessert as I was too full to really eat it.
I'd say this is an experience, something meant for a special occasion, especially with the jazz, but not somewhere I could go more than once or twice a year.Love this place. Worth the hype. It's definitely fancy but in that southern charming way that was nice to experience. Food is so affordable in New Orleans that this would probably be your one splurge meal, and it's not even badly priced. Drinks are very affordable especially. I got the filet mignon and my boyfriend got the quail and turtle soup. We both loved our dishes! I know it says reservations but the phones lines are always busy and we were seating fairly quickly walking in.Great, but something seems lacking to put it alongside the greats in the city. Seems to be running on the fuel of fame rather than soul.Commander's was absolutely, fantastically incredible !!!!!   Wonderful food, impeccable service and a beautiful location in the Garden District.
What can I add that hasn't already been said ???
If you are in New Orleans, go here !!!
PS - It's not for vegetarians.The 4.5 stars for this place is very misleading. The food was so salty, to the point that it wasn't edible. The turtle soup, the dish that everyone talks about here, was so salty that you couldn't taste any of the other flavors. The service was great and attentive, but unfortunately the food does not live up to the hype. For the high price point of this place, you're better off finding a fine dining restaurant elsewhere in New Orleans with better decor and food.Wow and wow...best overall dining experience I've ever had...EVER. Not just amazing food and beverages...amazing staff, location, and fun vibe. And fairly reasonable all things considered. This is the standard for everybody to live up to! Hope to be back a hundred more times!I was very excited to eat at this place during my recent visit to NOLA, but was disappointed and underwhelmed. Perhaps all the hype and recommendations as a "must eat at restaurant" made my expectations too high. The food was good, but nothing spectacular. The best dish was the Shrimp and Tasso appetizer. The veal sweatbreads and Turtle Soup seamed to be lacking something. I had the Pecan Crusted Fish. The corn cream sauce it came in was tasty, but it seemed to be sitting out for awhile in the back, because the sauce had a skin on it (like pudding gets sometimes), which is not something you would expect from a fine dining restaurant. My boyfriend got the Yellowfin Tuna, which he did not enjoy very much. The bread pudding was a good, and my boyfriend thought it was the best thing we ate during our meal.
Service was attentive, but since the place is so formal with different waiters and servers for different courses and drinks, it had almost a stuffy, impersonal feel to it. 
If I make a trip back to NOLA, I would skip this place the next time since there is better, tastier food (and cheaper) options available all over the city.Everything was wonderful. We truly enjoyed our meal. The staff is attentive and the room is enchanting. The cocktails were balanced and tasty. Each plate was a delightful presentation and was thoroughly enjoyed. I wasn't keen on the dress code until we arrived at the restaurant. The dress code is in keeping with the meal. We will return for another meal.Sat us outside in 55 degree weather with wind blowing tree debris into our food even though we were the first ones there. Didn't have heaters working for 10-15 minutes and even then half didn't work. Jazz band for jazz brunch came by for 2 songs then disappeared for the rest of brunch.  Food wasn't any better than any decent restaurant.Lunch was included in our Road Scholar tour so I can not speak to the prices, but the food and the entire dinning experience was excellent.   There is a dress code.  No shorts, t-shirts or flip-flops.  To start we had a choice between the Creole Gumbo and the Baby Spinach Salad.  I had the salad and it was perfect.  The ones at our table that had the Gumbo, said that it was very good.  Our entree was BBQ shrimp.  Although it was not cooked in the traditional way, swimming in gravy, it was excellent!!  I had the Creole Bread Pudding Souffl for dessert and, I have to say, that I prefer traditional bread pudding.  Others at our table had the Peacn Pie la Mode for dessert and it was very good.  The food was excellent and the service was superb!WOW!! Imagine being greeted by at least a dozen staff members while entering a beautifully striking diningroom.  Amazing teams of polished staff anticipate your every need.  The food was fantastic, but the real star was the creme brulee served in a plate size dish.  Unbelieveable!  This is the place to go for a truly special celebration.  WATCH THE NETFLIX MOVIE OF MISS ELLA BRENNAN, THE FOUNDER OF THIS GEM BEFORE YOU GO TO ENRICH YOUR APPRECIATION.  ENJOY!We went there for a good friend's birthday and it was the best restaurant I'd ever been to. The staff is incredible and the prices are more than fair for the level of service, quality of food and type of atmosphere you're getting. The restaurant is gorgeous both inside and out with just the right lighting. I loved that they have napkins for your lap based on what you're wearing so it complimented your attire. Everything on the menu is absolutely amazing and you can't go wrong with anything. Since it was our first time there we opted for the recommendations of our server which was exactly what we wanted. The desserts came out beautiful and the taste was exquisite. If I'm ever back in New Orleans again I'll definitely have to try to get a seat in the restaurant again. You won't be disappointed one bit as soon as you step inside this amazing gem.wasn't as impressed as I thought I'd be.  though the 25 cent martinis are impressive.  what can you get for that these days?  menu is interesting and thus tried the turtle soup with the dash of sherry.  however the base was way too salty for me.  same goes for the braised duck po boy.  nothing delicate.  didn't find the leidenheimer bread that special.  bread pudding soufflé nicely done as well as autumn apple and abita root beer strudel both needing 20 min lead time.Oh my word! It had to be the fanciest place I've ever eaten and felt like a valued guest. The food was delicious. The strawberry shortcake with meringue was divine!In this NOLA institution, no dish can get any better.  All options are tantalizing and the flavors permeate the air with southern hospitality.  Starting with their soups, having their fish or shrimp later and never abdicating their desserts, you will have your New Orleans food dreams come true.I never write reviews but specifically wrote down our waiter's name to remember to post later! This place was wonderful as soon as we walked in...We were greeted by a  whole line of staff (felt like we were in Downton Abbey or something!) and the excellent service continued over the course of the evening.  Todd, our waiter, gave so many suggestions and made our experience that much better.  It is a very fancy place but unpretentious and everyone was very warm and accommodating. The 1-1-1 soups dish was delicious, as were the pecan-crusted gulf fish and the quail; nobody in my family left anything over.  Definitely recommend for anyone visiting NOLA/wanting an amazing night out...Well worth the money.We had Saturday brunch for 5 after our first night in New Orleans.  Should have been six but there was a "man down" from the prior night on Bourbon St ;). A 3 course brunch is what you need along with a Bellini (or 2 or 3) for a little hair of the dog.  We did get dressed up, which felt nice with the atmosphere.  I didn't get the balloons tied to every table.  Maybe there's a story behind that??  The service was fine dining level with waiters of the same number as patrons putting down plates at the same time.
I started with an heirloom tomato salad with goat cheese which was lovely but not nearly as delicious and decadent as my dining companion's appetizers: turtle soup (yes, real turtle, I asked - those scary, big, ugly, alligator snapping turtles), BBQ shrimp (spicy and delicious), the soup special (something like a roasted sweet onion with squash or some other autumn veggie; it was very different, not a typical thick squash soup); oyster stew with a pastry topping (looked nice but I didn't try it).  I had the coddled eggs on pulled pork.  Just what the doctor ordered.  Others had the lobster frittata (just OK, we're from NE and know lobstah); steak and eggs (the winner of the day); and the duck with hash (didn't try it, but again looked yummy).  For dessert I had the shoe fly pie just bc I wanted to say it.  I like molasses but it was too much for me.  The bread pudding, rum cake, and some concoction with root beer were all big hits.  I highly recommend the bellinis and others had the mimosas.
A really nice first morning in NOLA.  After eating your fill you can explore the Lafayette cemetery, Magazine Street (great antique shops and boutiques) and the Garden district.  We took a cab back and forth from our hotel.  Too long to walk and through a sketchy area under the overpass.Bad service. We went here for our anniversary and they tried to put us in a busted booth right next to the door and the kitchen. I refused and asked for another seat. So they sat us next to a fire escape . The food was okay and our waiter was nicer than the person who seated us. Probably won't here again ever. We went to Emeril the next night to make up for such a crappy anniversary dinner.