Brother Rabbit you are young, hip, and tasty!
Met friends for drinks and an early dinner. I was the first to arrive so I sat at the bar and ordered the house cider which is great and I followed that with the Oban 18 which is phenomenal so try it while you're there. 
Our dinner kicked off with the most amazing house biscuits and butter that will have you begging for the recipe.
The rest of our dinner was comprised of several selections from the First course menu. We had the daily oysters which were great. Followed by the Brussels sprouts, delicious but the crispy chicken skins were a bit of a let down, they needed more flavor. 
The smoked tuna tartar is great but the sweet chips can overwhelm the dish. Definitely get the marinated shrimp and jalapeño jus it is a wonderfully fresh and bright dish. 
To close thing up we had the dobeger cake with lemon curd and chocolate ice cream, as if that wasn't enough they pour this amazing chocolate sauce on it when it arrives that will have you just dying as you wait to dig in.
Overall Compere Lapin is a great addition to the New Orleans food scene, great for groups or date night with your significant other.Amazing. We had; Steak Tartare, Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot and the Curried Goat. Everything was really wonderful. Tartare maybe the best i've had. The goat with the sweet curry and gnocchi was very different and I loved it. I had a bite of the lime cheesecake and it was top notch, too. 
No drinks, because it's 2 days after Mardi Gras and I'm still in recovery mode. The service was among the best I've had in this town, which is know for it's hospitality industry. Great great great!Of all the restaurants we tried in New Orleans, this was by far our favorite. I had both lunch and dinner on two separate occasions. The service was wonderful, the ambiance is cozy but alive. Make sure to call ahead and get a reservation over the phone if opentable looks booked. Their lunch special spicy fried chicken is a must have! If you are a party of two or three, ask for the corner booth by the window. Best table in the house.Great place. Had the Louisville Slugger cocktail. Abigail is an amazing bartender!
We went here after a long bike ride and walk just looking for a cocktail and quick lunch. We shared the brunch special and had the coconut French Toast which was also amazing.Sublime! Came here on a recommendation from a NOLA native friend and was not disappointed. Everything we ordered was incredible and our server Gary was excellent. Great cocktails, amazing appetizers (tuna tartare, hamachi curry, marinated shrimp 
I strongly recommend this restaurant, definitely will go back next time I visit New Orleans.Just a quick update to note that Yelp's hours for this restaurant are incorrect. CL closes between brunch/lunch and dinner. The correct hours are on the restaurant website. Yelp, please fix this!This is my new favorite restaurant in NOLA.  I've been several times and can't stop raving  about it.  I have a huge crush on their curried goat.  The goat is tender and well seasoned.  If you're lucky and they are serving them get the fried squash blossoms stuff with cheese.  Perfect crunch...melts in your mouth.  You won't want to share this dish trust me.  Rarely do I ever order desert but the meal is always so I good I just can't pass it up.  It's not a huge place which I prefer.  The decor is well thought out, relaxed sophisticated.  I am thrilled Chef Nina Compton chose New Orleans to open her restaurant... or did New Orleans choose her?!I was in the mood for beef. The tenderness and flavor of the meat was excellent. Service was great too. In a city of great food you always have so many choices. I would choose this restaurant again.Loved everything -- had great cocktails and wine, steak tartare that was awesome, broiled shrimp was delish, curried goat dish w/ sweet potato gnocchi was the bomb. Also had a special dish, oxtail raviolini. great choice. New favorite!I was here a few weeks ago and this experience really stood out for my trip. Kerry was a gem, he even helped me locate the coffee shop to purchase their coffee which I fell in love with. I would definitely recommendThis was my favorite place on my trip to NOLA! The service was the best I've ever had (Gave a 30% tip). Very attentive and went though the entire menu. The Tuna appetizer was spectacular especially with Caviar on top! 
I also loved my catfish sandwich, great flavor and very lightly breaded. This will be a place I come to each time I'm in NOLA. They also give you complimentary bread! Bit on the pricier side for a lunch but oh so worth it!This food experience was very well accepted. Claire, our server was awesome and knew exactly what she was talking about. She knew how to dramatically explain all the dishes. Eddie, the manager was really great to talk with. The service was excellent and the food was off the chain! I definitely recommend trying this place.Unique environment but was not obsessed with the quality of food, for the quantity of food. The food portions were small, with not the greatest flavor, but the biscuits and flavored butters were amazing! I don't think I'd come back for a $50 breakfast that is small in size/lacking flavor but it was a neat experience all the same.They had me at the copper bunny...vodka, pineapple jalapeño tequila, lime juice and sparkling wine in a beautiful copper bunny (it packs a wallop). Don't try to find one to buy...they mold and make them just for the restaurant.
Starters included fresh chilled gulf oysters and crispy conch fritters with pineapple tarter sauce.  We then proceeded to two tuna "small bites:" sushi grade hamachi lightly tossed with a guava curry and papaya, and more traditional tuna tartare...they couldn't have been better.  We were a little scared to try the curried goat but it was
incredibly tender and the curry paired perfectly with the melt-in-your-mouth sweet potato gnocchi.  No room for dessert but we can't wait to come back to NOLA and Compère Lapin!One of the best meals I have ever eaten; took a few colleagues here for a celebration and it met our expectations in every way.  Had appetizers and a pork plate; cocktails and wine were on point, and the service was very professional.  Strongest recommendstionThe food was good. It really was. I don't think it's better than a number of other restaurants - Cavan, La Petite Grocery, Lillette, Cochon, etc. - but it was good. 
However, the atmosphere is so-so. Very loud. 
Worse than that, 'market price' for a dozen oysters is $45. Yes, it's my fault for not asking. However, I think it's a reasonable assumption that oysters in New Orleans are going to be less than $20/dozen. So to list oysters at market price and to not inform the guests that they are west coast oysters seems disingenuous. 
I might just be complaining because I paid $90 for 24 oysters, but they honestly weren't even that good. Superior Seafood's oysters are much better. 
Again - my fault - but it still seems fishy.Sunday brunch, it's an experience!! Food is extraordinarily, high quality and the use of healthy options and portions. 
Very very satisfied!! And the choices is amazing. You can't go wrong! Came out not to full. It was perfect. Definitely recommended.!!The dinning experience here was a little off.  We had reservations but were made to wait 15 minutes by the hostess even though the restaurant was only half full. Our entrees faired better than the apps. And some of those app flavors just didn't work. For example why should the chef douse hamachi crude with a super strong shellfish sauce?  Was it hamachi I was eating or shrimp?  Texture was hams have but the flavor of shellfish was overpowering.  I tasted no papaya as was described on the menu and although pretty, the lived carrots on top tasted like nothing and didn't add to the dish. The goat curry entree was fantastic but it is hard for me to justify a $25 price tag for such a down home cooking kind of dish. The jerk fish was tasty but a little dry. The waitstaff were very nice and attentive.I went opening night. It seemed like a few small things needed to be hammered out but over all the food, drinks, and over all atmosphere was spot on. A little more salt here... A little more pepper there... I can't wait to go back and see how the restaurant evolves.Great experience at the preview tonight with my mentor S!
Service was a bit slow but we expected there to be some kinks for them to work out, and they comped a round of drinks even though we were enjoying our conversation and didn't complain.
The bread service was biscuits with bacon butter and honey butter. The honey butter was very aromatic but neither S nor I could really taste the bacon in the bacon butter.
We started out with the conch croquettes and pig ears. Very generous portion of pig ears! The croquettes were good but we felt we could've used some more of the conch flavor and less cheese.
Next we had the shrimp and tuna tartar. The shrimp required some work as they were served shell-on, but was definitely worth it. Very nice flavor and well cooked. The tuna was very nice as well. It was served with plantain chips, which were slightly spicy, and the spice went great with the tuna.
For our main course, we got the curried goat and the pasta with crawfish. Our sides were potatoes and semolina gnocchi with corn. S lived in the Cayman Islands for quite a few years and she approved of the flavor in the curried goat. The meat was so tender it was ridiculous. The pasta was light, not swimming in a creamy sauce. The noodles made me think of yakisoba. The corn and gnocchi was very good. Potatoes were also well cooked but we were so starched out by that point.
I probably could've stopped eating there but we still has dessert. One look at the menu and you know I had to indulge. We ordered the horchata panna cotta and the banana/chocolate/hazelnut zeppole. The panna cotta was served with melon ice cream, which was perfect, and the zeppole was amazing. Probably my favorite thing from the meal, although there were many heavyweights throughout!
I mentioned the service being slow, but other than that, we felt very welcome and all of our needs were met. The server was great, and we even got to meet Nina and Larry!
Also, those cute little cast-iron skillets!
I'm excited to see this place do well. I'll be back to try more things!Great restaurant in a hip new hotel, it's naturally not as cheap as a chain restaurant but for a chef-driven restaurant they do a great job of creating well priced food with big flavors by typically not falling back on luxury ingredients in order to keep their food cost fairly low.  The space right off the hotel lobby is a bit strange and there's no great waiting space other than the hotel lobby but overall the decor is upscale & unique in a cool old building and the main recommendation would be to add artwork on the walls.
The cocktail list is unique and an excellent complement to the food while there appear to be a number of beers and the wine list by the bottle is great but the glass pours are mostly unexciting and run from $8-12 per glass.  Clearly whoever chose the bottle list knows their stuff so hopefully they'll upgrade the glass pours over time - I'm confident there will be plenty of food & wine people here that would be willing to pay $12-15 for a nice glass of wine to go along with excellent food.
Food is naturally the most important thing for most restaurants and Compere Lapin doesn't disappoint.  Our first dishes of Conch Croquettes, Smoked Drum Spread, and Broiled Shrimp in Calabrian Chili Butter were all concepted and executed just about perfectly - just be aware that the shrimp are served head-on in the shell in case you'll have issues with that but they're actually de-veined through the shell which is perfect for me.  In terms of main courses, we went with the Pici Pasta which was good but didn't quite live up to Scarpetta expectations given the slightly less than al dente pasta and small pieces of lobster that got lost in the dish's spice.  The Curried Goat with Plantain Gnocchi was excellent though and I'm sure this will be on the menu forever as a signature dish.
Service was excellent (which may have been helped by our early reservation before the restaurant was full) and even the busser was great about removing our plates promptly and being very friendly despite seeming a bit limited on experience.  All around, Compere Lapin seems to be an excellent restaurant which will be around for a while and reminds me in a number of ways of Peche  regarding overall atmosphere, pricing, and food quality.  That's pretty darn good company to keep.Yummy Caribbean bliss.  Tuna tartar fills your entire mouth with smokiness is it cut by the lime juice.  It's served with very thinly sliced banana crisps - very nice but I only wish there were more!   I had the black drum which did not shy away from the spice.  If you like a little heat, you'll enjoy this one.  My husband got the goat curry with sweet potato gnocchi.  It's their signature dish and it speaks for itself.  Who doesn't love little pillows full of flavor and covered in curry??Beautiful restaurant, good drinks, good food. While the server did a great job, the food came out haphazardly.  The highlight was the pork three ways.  The seafood pasta with cauliflower was okay. The bread was amazing. We had the black eyed peas with fried onion crisps as a side, they were great. The fried croquettes were decent. Definitely worth checking out!Stayed in the Old 77 and was excited to see Nina Compton's restaurant was in the hotel during check in. As big Top Chef fans, my girlfriend and I had often talked about Nina's flavor profiles and how of all the contestants, her food is what we wanted to eat.
It did not disappoint! Cornbread with bacon butter and goat curry were serious homeruns. It's been a week and still dreaming of them.
Restaurant itself is beautiful. Woman tending bar was excellent. Fast, friendly service and really knows her stuff. Makes a great drink.
Thanks for a wonderful evening!Everything about this place was amazing. The atmosphere, the service, the food, and the knowledge the server had of the dishes, not to mention, the great wine she suggested to go with our meal. I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. I do believe our servers name was Stacy. She's great. Super funny too :)This was probably the best meal I've had in a long time.
Curried goat.
Shrimp
Gnocchi --- where're that smokiness coming from????Delicious! Lots of flavor in every bite, from the carrots to the filet of beef.  The chef provided us with a variety of starters and everything was good.
Staff was friendly, the environment was casual and fairly priced. A little louder than I would like, but that was do to everyone talking over each other and not necessarily the music.
Highly recommend this establishment.A wonderful dining experience, food AND drinks are phenomenal! We did Cochon, Restaurant August and Compere Lapin for our nicer dining experiences in NOLA, and this one completely beats our Restaurant August hands down. Anyways, I rarely leave reviews, but this is actually for Ziggy, our busser. He is THE BEST! Such a fun, likable and hilarious guy. He totally made our night. Ziggy - if you're ever in LA... :)Always a winner!
This place is located right next to the Old No. 77 Hotel and is always crowded so make reservations ahead of time. I was hoping for new items on the menu since my last visit, but maybe next time. 
We ordered:
Appetizers
Crispy Pig Ears / Smoked Aioli - $5
These are always a crowd pleaser. The rub was very flavorful, but I prefer thinner slices for more crispiness.
Dirty Rice Arancini / Sour orange mojo - $5
The hint of orange definitely gave an tasty twist to your normal cajun rice. 
Entrees
Hamachi / Guava curry / Papaya - $15 
Sadly, I didn't love this dish. The hamachi itself was a bit fishy and I couldn't get pass the taste in order to taste the other flavors. Also, this has a bit of an unexpected level of spicy. 
Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot - $21
I LOVED this one. It was the best dish of the night! It's a very light creamy broth that just balances perfectly with the artichoke and seafood. 
Trio of Pork / Apples / Celery root - $31
Beautiful presentation. Great spices in the pork! The mixture of sweet of the apples paired nicely with the three types of pork. 
Sides
Semolina Gnocchi / Collard green / Creole Spices - $8
This was very interesting. I would describe it was southern mac and cheese. It was super creamy and cheesy with more salt then I would've liked. 
Next time,
I would stick to the Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot! I would say this a great experience if you're looking for for french cajun style.Wow! The hype surrounding this restaurant is certainly merited. Loved the conch, gazpacho, and roasted chicken. Looking forward to visiting again!Everything we had was spot on. We started with the crispy dirty rice, tuna tartare, and the corn on the cob as appetizers. I've ever had better corn on the cob in my life. The other appetizers were out of this world as well. I had the curried goat as my entree, which was excellent. I will definitely return.Went here for brunch a couple of weeks ago and I was very pleased with my meal.  After following Chef Nina Compton on Top Chef I was very happy to see that she had a restaurant here in New Orleans.
The first thing that I noticed when I walked in was the atmosphere of the restaurant.  It fits right in with the rest of Warehouse.  It's dark and rustic and screams that you are about to enjoy a nice rustic meal.
I ended up having the ricotta pancakes with cane syrup and fruit.  They were honestly some of the best pancakes I have ever had a restaurant.  The pancakes were light and had a nice texture to them, wish a little crunch.  The fruit was an added bonus giving the dish a nice bright taste to each bite.
I am looking forward to going here again to taste more of the menu.  Especially dinner.5 star review for their brunch! We came here at 11:30 AM with a group of 12 and were promptly seated.  We couldn't decide what to order so we shared one of each of the small plates. Let me tell you everything was AMAZING and had such unique flavors I had never had before. I think their menu changes seasonally but when we went we had avocado toast, zucchini fritters, chilled shrimp, and everything bagel.  
For the large plates we split the goat bolognese (MUST GET!), coconut French toast, biscuits and gravy, and black bean avocado eggs. I had their Compere Lapin mimosa which was really good, I would rarely say worth the $12 price but this one was very much worthy.My girlfriend and I had an incredible time at Compere Lapin. Everything from the cocktails, wine, and sherry - all spectacular. The food was seasoned and cooked to absolute perfection. With that said, the all-star of our night was our waitress Clair with the cool hair. She was very kind and extremely well-knowledged in the menu. Can't wait to return for another unforgettable experience.Could do without the appetizers that were a bit greasy and nothing great but, fish first courses were both great- a shrimp one and one with hamachi. The lamb curry was good- but more of a gnocchi dish than meat focused dish. Pepper pot ok.  Every few minutes someone tried to take our dishes away. First the bread and our bread dishes- even when there was still bread on them- we had to stop them. Then, our drinks- which weren't finished and throughout the meal they kept asking if were were done and trying to grab our plates. Very weird. Still, enjoyed the food.Pretty tasty food but the prices are outrageous and portion sizes small. Ordered the curried goat and there were 5 small pieces of goat and a lot of other stuff but little meat. it was delicious though.. I felt the value for what you got was little. loved the presentation and taste.Our inaugural post comes from the Warehouse District's newest restaurant: Compère Lapin. Top Chef fan favorite, Nina Compton, like many of us, fell in love with New Orleans and couldn't bear to leave. We are grateful. Compère Lapin's light but decadent Caribbean fare is perfect for Nola's summer foodie.
Atmosphere: With a hipster-Portland-like vibe, the classic bar, eclectic light fixtures, and art collection adorning the walls, gave us plenty of visual stimulation. (Edith especially loved the conveyer belt fans.) Needless to say, you'll feel a little bit cooler just for having dined here.
Food: Any place that serves chive biscuits with bacon butter is fine by us. All of Chef Compton's dishes had a near perfect balance of textures and flavors. The rich, smoked tuna tartare and avocado was balanced with crispy plantain chips and fresh mint. Though the curried goat was melt-in-your-mouth-tender, the oyster roll, a playful twist on an oyster poboy, stole the show. A soft, buttered brioche-like bun cradled crispy oysters topped with a sweet and spicy pineapple slaw so light that it nearly tricked us into forgetting that we were eating fried seafood on bread. We rounded out the meal with a shockingly refreshing coconut tres leches cake.
Service: The service was friendly, efficient, and attentive. Our server offered us extra biscuits when our second course took an extra five minutes AND brought the check promptly because he knew my husband needed to return to work. The staff smiled at Edith, remarking how cute she is. (This is clearly worth extra points.)
Feedith Rating: Yay! #feedithnola
Highchairs: Yes.
Changing Table: No.
Sufficient White Noise (i.e. can't hear my kid scream): Yes!
Parking: Easy street parking + affordable lot directly across the streetThis was excellent. We came for dinner and got conch croquettes, crispy dirty rice arancini, hamachi, broiled shrimp, semolina gnocchi, and curried goat. Everything was good, but the arancini and curried goat stood out for me. The arancini was somewhat unexpected, as it was a last second throw-in to our order, but the flavor really jumped and the dipping sauce it came with was excellent as well. 
Obviously, though, the main event was the curried goat. The meat itself was outstanding, but the gnocchi and the sauce could have been a great entree on its own. (To some extent, it overshadowed the semolina gnocchi, which was also very good, but more plain.) 
My wife also loved the broiled shrimp, and while I liked them too, I'm more turned off by having to do the work of peeling them.
Overall, an excellent dinner, and I was really torn between 4 and 5 stars.Super great lunch - wagyu burger and drum were fantastic!
Fun atmosphere and great service. Lots of yummy options.  Don't skip dessert and tea!!!Decided to go here after hearing the chef was on top chef! I'm a little bit between 3-4 stars but there were so many good choices that I feel I could go back and try more which is always exciting. To start, my guests and I ordered the oysters (with their signature hot sauce), fried rice balls, beet salad, and Brussels sprouts with fried chicken skin. All of the appetizers were incredible and we practically filled up just on them! For entrees, I had the curried goat. It wasn't anything to write home about. The sweet potato gnocchi was interesting and flavorful but the goat in the curry was just decent. My friends had the lobster pasta and the chicken which were both very good, but again nothing extraordinary. Personally, I think this place strives on small plates and appetizers and I would be happy to come back for those again!Amazing food.  Great ambiance.  We had a little bit of everything.  Not gonna list all the stuff we tried. But everything was really good.  Small portions.  Hard to share. But every bite was worth it.  
Kushi oysters were on point. Probably my favorite dish.  Loved the habanero dropper. 
Caribbean seafood pot was my second favorite.  
You can go wrong here.  Awesome place and walking distance to the casino.There were four of us and we each got a separate dish. They were all delicious.  We were so very, very fortunate to have Claire as our waitress. She was the absolute best waitress that we had at a restaurant in NO the entire week. If you can get her just ask what she would suggest.  The lobster entrée was perhaps the best. The coconut desert was "to die for".
I wish this restaurant would move to Atlanta GA!Compere Lapin on paper is everything an exceptional restaurant should be.  Excellent design, trendy interior, thoughtful cocktail list, well dressed servers, small well groomed menu, great location.  
Waitress was nice but not attentive.  Drinks took too long to reach the table for the price they were.   The complimentary biscuits were very hard on the outside, soft on the inside and paired with two delicious butters.  The pig ears were drastically over seasoned and the croquettes were decent but nothing out of this world.  The tuna tartare was the best of the appetizers.   Entrees:  The curry goat was a single note texture and the drum was beautiful but more beautiful than tasty.  The seafood pepper pot was highly anticipated but disappointing.  For dessert, the chocolate bar was incredibly small as well as dense and not luxurious.  It was topped with a tart whip that did not pair well.  And unfortunate end to the meal.  While nothing I ate was offensive, nothing I ate did I say....I have got to go tell my friends about this place. 
I don't live here and I could give you 10 restaurants easily that you'd great food start to finish at.  I'm hoping my experience here was one off based on the reviewsWe enjoyed breakfast here a few days in a row. A nice quiet atmosphere with great food.This is a fantastic restaurant. The atmosphere is great, not too formal or stuffy, has a very urban feel and tables are not too crowded together.  
Service was great - we were seated promptly, we were quickly attended to, water glasses were never less than half full, food came quickly and timed well, we were thoroughly impressed with the service and overall experience.
Food-wise, it was excellent as well.  
-biscuits were amazing, and the butter was REALLY good
-Spiced pig ears:  Not the texture I expected, but very good nonetheless, the aioli was delicious
-Roasted Beet salad:  the kale pesto was excellent, was going to try to make it at home!  otherwise solid dish overall
-Brussels Sprouts:  my favorite of what we ordered, large portion, the brussels sprouts were a good texture, not too soft, great flavor, chicken skins were a nice additional touch
-duo of beef/broccoli/fois gras: if I had to pick a "disappointing" dish, it would be this one.  The portions were quite small considering that it's the most expensive dish on the menu.  I also expected a portion of fois gras on the dish, but instead, it's shavings of fois gras on top, so you don't really experience any fois gras flavor.  Good overall, but not amazing
-Spinach cavatelli:   also amazing - loved it (notice a trend?)
Overall, I think it's one of the top restaurants I've tried in New Orleans so far, and we will definitely be back!I've been eager to try this restaurant once I learned that Nina Compton opened her own place. The restaurant was beautiful with a nice vibe. It was really loud the night we were there and realize that this is attributed to it being in the lobby of a hotel where patrons came in and out to have drinks at the bar. 
We first were given biscuits which were so amazing! I wanted to continue snacking on them all night. We had the conch croquettes and pig ear to start. They both had amazing flavors, especially the pig ear which was an explosion of savory flavors. I wasn't too pleased with the textures of either though. Next we had the hamachi and the "eat your vegetables" which for that day was Brussels sprouts with crunchy chicken skin. The hamachi was surprisingly refreshing with a crazy burst of flavor in such a small bite. This was my favorite dish of the night. The Brussels sprouts were overwhelmingly salty because of the amount of ranch dressing on it. It could have been better with less dressing. For our entree we had the curry goat gnocchi and lobster pasta. These were both phenomenal! The gnocchi was a richer dish and the lobster pasta a lot lighter. Great flavors.So great - I almost gave 5* but the prawns were so big I was uncertain of how to eat them without making a mess.  Beautiful space and service - although TV(s) were showing NFL football playoffs.  Affected the ambiance a tad.  Go Nina Go!An excellent restaurant if you want to experience a full dining evening.  The hostess was friendly and kicked off a good evening with her attention to detail.  Our waiter was a bit young but knowledgeable about the food.  While the menu was small, all options were excellent.  This would be a great restaurant for an adventurous eater but not for the picky.  Save room for dessert.New Orleans in is one of our favorite foodie cities to visit.  Have been here at least twenty times and mostly just to just eat our way through the city. We were disappointed in our dinner at Compère Lapin.  
They brought out freshly baked biscuits and butter that were so delicious that it left you dying in anticipation of the next dish.  We ordered from the small bites the Crispy Dirty Rice Arancini.  Also from the first course we had the Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot.  As a point of reference, We have travelled the world and eaten at many Michelin Star restaurants, as well as travel through a city just to eat the best local burger or pizza.  So it was a disappointment that our first course was just average and not worth the anticipation or cost.    We remained positive that our main course selections would leave us craving more.  However our selections of the Roast Half Chicken and Scialatielli with Clams and Shrimp were again met with disappointment.  We have had these same or extremely similar dishes at other lesser known restaurants and would honestly say that we would not go back to Compère Lapin.   New Orleans has so many other outstanding restaurants that we will revisit on our next trip.Love the atmosphere and also the food! Drinks were great, bartenders were friendly and recommended drinks for youAwesome decor. Great service. A very busy place so either get reservations or sit at the oyster bar. As soon as you sit down, you're greeted by a round of biscuits and delicious salty butter - gratis. Ordered the steak tartare, pig ears, cheesy rice balls, curry goat, and their special crab/gnocchi. Everything was super savory. Very heavy but delicious flavors. The steak was smoked - not the best tartare I've ever tried but a nice starter. The bread Served should have been a thin crostini to appreciate the meaty flavor more. Pig ears were crispy, slightly chewy but definitely yummy. Great seasoning. Rice balls were verrry cheesy. Good flavor. The goat dish was a winner. Amazing flavors. Curry wasn't overwhelming. Served with soft gnocchi. The underwhelming dish was the crab special. Could have used more specific seasoning. Crab almost got lost in the gnocchi. Overall will come back if there are new items added to the menu!The atmosphere is trendy, kinda loud even in the back of the restaurant but it is a beautiful spot. The food was good but not amazing! We had the goat which was probably the best dish, the pig ears,  dirty rice balls, beef and shrimp. The service was slow but the water guy was on top of it. I really expected more. I would only come back to have cocktails and hang in the bar with maybe a snack and/or dessert.Great atmosphere, dimly lit in the evenings, and the biscuits are literally to die for. 
If you are coming here to snack, then great! I honestly had to get something else to eat after leaving here. 
I asked our waitress about portion size, because hey, I don't mind several small plates, but I don't want to leave feeling hungry.
We ordered the half chicken, literally a kids portion, to be fair, it was tasty, but it certainly wasn't filling. We also ordered the spinach fondue, which was terribly plain and nothing like the waitress described. We paired it with Forefront Cabernet, which was great. I should have bought the bottle, we also ordered the sausage balls, can't remember the exact name, but they were great.
I may try their breakfast, because the biscuits were great, but I wouldn't dare come here if was hungry and wanting a filling meal.
Again, I had to buy a burger after leaving.The drinks were very creative and delicious. Food was good. The pig ears, pasta, and panna cotta were the best. I didn't really think the curry goat was good although it was the most recommended entree. Overall, pretty good dinner.Perfectly fine brunch here with friends - nothing to write home about.  Nice setting.  Small portions.  High price point. Squash fritters and pasta with goat meat ragu were good.  Everything else was meh.  My friend loves this place so there is a good chance that she will drag me back.  Lol.Great bar! Abigail was very knowledgeable and friendly. Learned a bunch while having fun and a perfectly balanced daiquiri! The pot tenderloin was delicious and the service was excellent. Thank you to Kyle for going to retrieve my gift bag from The Swizzle Stick. Hospitality at its best!Not very impressed with menu flavors/ and the contemporary mix of ingredients.
The "snacks" are appetizer size.   The wait for a drink at the bar took at least 15 minutes---- either short staffed or just way too many ingredients in their cocktails.
The pig ear snack was drenched in salt. The croquettes were a bit bland.
Fortunately we had reservations for dinner elsewhere.This restaurant is located in the Warehouse District inside the Old No. 77 hotel
We had a delicious quick lunch before heading to the airport back to NYC :(
Their biscuits & butter are seriously to die for and I'm not much of a butter person. Dee-freaking-licious! We started with the marinated shrimp & roasted jalapeno jus which was very light and refreshing. For entrée I had the drum with apples, collards & fennel and my husband had the butternut squash agnolotti with pumpkin seed granola and sage. 
We shared the soursop semifreddo which neither of us were a fan of but great presentation and again, light & refreshing.After finding this on a list of hot new places & seeing the glowing Yelp reviews the bar was set really high, and Compère Lapin mostly delivered. We had the conch croquettes, fried pig ears, and dirty rice arancini. Perhaps it's our fault for not realizing we were ordering three fried things, but the preparation was a bit plain, some fresh/crunchy veggies could have balanced out these appetizers. But don't get me wrong, they were tasty and we gobbled them up. The sautéed shrimp with roasted jalapeño jus was utter perfection. We finished with the goat curry with sweet potato gnocchi which was delicious but just a teeny bit off - the gnocchi just a bit too gummy, the curry not concentrated enough. I realize I am being nitpicky, but with the abundance of incredible food in this town I think little things matter. Overall I would definitely come back, there's so much potential in this Caribbean/Creole fusion idea!From the drinks , to the Tuna and the roasted chicken this place is beyond delicious !!We had friends coming into town on a Sunday morning, so, over the course of the week,Hubby asked me about 10x where I'd made brunch reservations.
I kept responding that I couldn't remember where. In truth, I was reluctant to say "Compere Lapin" out loud because Im not 100% sure how to pronounce the French. (Full disclosure, I took French all four years of high school. I still don't trust my pronunciation.)
Regardless, we showed up at the-restaurant-that-shall-not-be-named at 11am, and were promptly seated and our drink order was taken. By the time our drinks arrived, our water glasses had already been refilled twice. 
My Bloody Mary was spicy and delish (though devoid of olives...wahhhh!!) 
The menu was fantastic. Small plates, entrees, baked goods. A little bit of everything. The zucchini bites were little deep fried balls of magic. The avocado toast  featured generous chunks of avocado and was delicious. The french toast was crisp without being "crunchy" and tasted amazing. I stopped short of ordering the beignets, and I confess that I've been regretting it all week. I watched another table chowing down on them and they looked magical. 
I wish I'd made note of the server's name because she was so sweet and did a fabulous job taking care of us. She checked in a few times, was quick with another round of drinks and was chatty and pleasant. A+ service. 
In short, CL delivered like Dominos. Wonderful food, great atmosphere, fabulous overall experience. Can't wait to give dinner a try!!!We came here for our last dinner in NOLA and I'm so glad we did. Yes, the biscuits are delicious. The small bites and entrees were even better. We ordered the pork tenderloin, goat curry, chicken, snapper, oysters and dirty rice balls. All soooo good! Everything was so flavorful and fresh. Hoping that I have the opportunity to go back someday!I stayed here for a conference across the street. Let me start by saying my worst experience was ONLY during breakfast. 
Wow! The food here is unbelievable amazing and the biscuits and gravy for breakfast are great unless you would like your eggs scrambled!!!!!!! I was told by the guy making my coffee that it wouldn't be as pretty of a dish by having them scrambled... I waited for a "Bazinga" but the guy was very serious. I spent about ten minutes not try to lose my $&@& and we finally were able to resolve the pretty-ness of my breakfast and I got scrambled. The food arrives and I am blown away by how good it tastes (even though my eggs were scrambled!) 
Day 2: I walk down stairs ready for breakfast and I opt for the hash of the day, of course it has egg in the description and sure enough... "It ONLY comes fried or over easy" said the other guy making my coffee. Once again I try not to lose my $&@& but this guy just wouldn't give up. I was able to connivence him to go back to the 'line cooks' and beg them to please find a soft spot in there heart to make my eggs scrambled... They were able to and I will forever be in their gratitude because this is the best. hash. ever. 
My two cents... If the customer asks for a variation of a freaking egg... Don't tell the person paying your bills that you, "don't like" to do it that way! It's an egg!!!!What a cool atmosphere full of BS! Half the restaurant was empty yet the rude hostess would not seat us. The drinks took 15 mins to make and cost $15 each, which is fine for a craft cocktail but these simply tasted bad. The guests who were allowed, yes allowed to eat all left food behind and told us not to bother waiting for a seat for 2 hours because the food was "gross". Hire some nicer people, get a location where you can use all the space and don't have the bar be a free for all where rude people take a 70 year old woman's seat. Gross!The place has a great vibe. The hostess is a darling. The bartender is efficient. The service in the dining room falters. Our server was either tired or busy, she seemed in a rush to take my side plate even though I was using it. The spinach side dish is creamy, the drum is petite, the biscuit is not flaky.THANK YOU FOR RUINING MY CHRISTMAS DINNER. Huge rip off $75 per person prefixed (the worst) Christmas dinner ever. 
Had Christmas dinner with my husband today. It was prefixed and $75 each. As soon as we got seated, I noticed there were a lot of empty tables which is weird since it's Christmas.
Two biscuits with honey and bacon butter were served before meal and it was amazing. My husband is not a butter person, but he kept wanting more and more of the butter. 
As appetizers we got scallops and oxtail. It was thin sliced raw scalloped with little chopped pieces of granny smith apple. I guess they wanted it to be like salad- ish. But the citrus flavor was too much like vinegar amd overwhelming. The oxtail was like a square shaped pressed meat served with bread. It was okay, but again it was a bit weird to eat it cold and too blend. 
So we had four different entrees; taglioni, oysters, pork belly with rice and beans, and green beans. Pasta was undercooked than al dante and kinda salty. The sauce was supposedly three different stuff mixed I guess? It was kale, mushroom, and butternut, and all I tasted was some heavy salty brown greenish sauce. Green beans were pretty good. It was crunchy and blended well with spicy tomatoes. Pork belly with rice and beans.. The pork belly was slighty crispy outside, moist and tender inside. I think I tasted funnel seeds in the rice and beans and that was all I could taste. The last one, baked oysters... I'm pretty sure the ingredients used in this place is super fresh. But why do you have to put so much lemon juice in every seafood dish, especially when it's cooked??? And the oysters were overcooked and rubbery.
Since my husband and I are not huge fan of cinnamon and ginger cake, we decided to go with eggnog panna cotta with cranberry sorbet. It was okay, nothing special.
I trusted these yelp reviews and these famous chefs! But it's huge no no no! The combination was not good, seafood dishes were literally soaked in lemon juice, undercooked pasta, and overcooked rubbery oysters, flavorless, AND it's 75 per person, plus still charge me for a cup of cappuccino?? Seriously??? We got freaking ripped off! I wouldn't even pay 40 bucks for this dinner. I rather go to olive garden or outback!
So far I've been to restaurant august, sobou, commander's palace, Doris metropolitan, and Atchafalaya in NOLA. I spend much less than 75 per person for food and it was whole lot better. 
I don't think this place even deserve 2 stars, but it's for the biscuits and butter. At least we enjoyed the complimentary bread which is the only thing we enjoyed from our entire dinner. Thanks for ruining my Christmas dinner in NOLA.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL AND WILL NEVER RETURN.Just had a client dinner at this restaurant with exceptional food. Tried a variety of custom items for a large party dinner and the food and service were absolutely delightful. I especially enjoyed the mango sorbet served on coconut rice. The bartenders are a class act as well. Will definitely go again!Writing this review after my third time dining at Compere. It is consistently good every time, with some highlights and some misses though throughout the meal. Ambiance is decent, service is fine and attentive. We tried all small bite items on the menu currently, the conch and the arancini were really great. First course wise hamachi was well prepared with good flavor, and the whippe ricotta was one of the best dishes on the menu. The biggest let down of the evening was the black drum- it was unbearably bland with the accompanying sauce/broth not adding much at all. Main course wise should stick with the goat which is always excellent. Banana/chocolate fritters for dessert were tasty. All in all good meal but they need some serious work on their fish dishes.Loved. Loved loved. The biscuits. The pig ears-soft and addictive. Goat curry might be one of my favorite dishes. Ice cream churned every day.We had high expectations for this place and it was just OK in comparison to all the great NYC or Chicago restaurants out there. 
Table of three ordered the following: 
1. Arancini - interesting twist with the citrus sauce 
2. Croquettes- awesome 
3. Steak Tartare- it was ok; nothing to write home about
4. Oysters- small oysters full of flavor 
5. Curried goat- disappointing; there's was barely any curry in the dish; least favorite dish of the night 
6. Shrimp and clam pasta- nicely done pasta but salty AF. 
7. Trio pork- pork belly was deliciousGreat cocktails! Very good service. I had the dirty rice arancini which was really really good. The biscuits that are served with entrees were also delicious. Unfortunately my entree fell a bit short. I had the goat curry with sweet potato gnocchi. I was really looking forward to it, but the gnocchi was not so great and the curry sauce was very thin. Personal preference for a thicker sauce. I would go back for drinks, appetizers, and dessert, but probably not the entrees.I was extremely excites to brunch at this restaurant because I am an avid Top Chef fan and I am pleased to say she didn't disappoint. 
We started with the avocado and shrimp. It was a very refreshing and simple dish. For my main course I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy. It was different than the down home style that I was used to seeing presentation wise because the biscuits were served on the side, but it still gave that comfort food feel with a little bit of elevation given with the leeks in the gravy.
We went during Christmas time, so at the end of our meal we were given cute little postcards that had a recipe for a drink similar to eggnog from Ninas family recipes. It was a nice touch that made the restaurant feel more personal.I have eaten all over the world...and this place ranks number 4 on my list of "best places to eat...anywhere".  I was told to stop in by a co worker that was just down a month prior to my visit.  I thought the constant raving was going to over hype the place and I would be let down.  Just the opposite.  The constant rave reviews he gave me didn't even set a high enough expectation for me to be let down.  I can tell you right now, my review of this establishment is not even going to come close to doing Compere Lapin justice.  But here we go:
Atmosphere was borderline romantic, borderline too loud, borderline too stuffy, and borderline too laid back for the price point it was in.  I know that all sounds a bit odd, but I had a hard time pinpointing anything I hated or loved about it.  I think the fact that it was attached to a hotel really made it hard to get a good feel about how it really was.  We sat at the "raw bar" where you could see all the seafood appetizers being made and the chef that was running the show there really made the experience better for my wife and I.  He knew his stuff and wasn't shy about sharing info about what was being made, how things were done from station to station, and even let us sample some of the daily made chips they serve with the tuna tar tar.  He really stepped up where I felt our waiter was aloof and only there putting in his hours to go home for the evening.  I think the reviewer Bri B. was right on the money when she said the wait staff was cold as soon as they realized we weren't going to drop hundreds of dollars.
Food - This is where they stood out in ways others don't even come close.  My wife and I started with the Crispy Dirty Rice Arancini/Sour Orange Mojo.  This was so good I was mad that it only came with 4.  I want to steal the recipe and make it at home every day.  Sure it's rice, and deep fried, and I would get fat...but so worth it!  A nice bite, a hint of spicy heat, and the texture was spot on.  My wife had the Duo of Beef/Cauliflower/Foie Gras.  The short rib was the star of this plate but the rest of the plate was pretty amazing.  I had the Curried Goat/Sweet Potato Gnocchi/Cashews...and this is where Nina Compton's recipe really jumped out at me.  One of the servers stated that she was known as the "Queen of gnocchi" and I believe it.  This was by far the best gnocchi I have ever had.  I love curry and the flavor of this curry was a stand out, at first I thought it was a little mellow then it continued to build with each spoonful.  This was the perfect dish for me and like I said, my words would not be able to describe it in a way that would do it justice.  We finished with a coconut tres leches...and well...I've had better tres leches.  It wasn't terribleby any means, but having traveled a fair amount, and just had better.  
I know this review sounds a little weird for the a place that I recommend so highly...but it really is an amazing place that is a stand out in a city full of great food adventures.Best meal to-date in New Orleans! Our server was very friendly and helpful, sommelier helped us pick a great bottle of wine in our price range, the staff was efficient in every way. But it was the food that was really stand-out! Really interesting and innovative menu! Dirty rice arancini and house made stracciatella to start and both amazing. The black drum was really spectacular. Oh, and the biscuits...to die for. Go!Has been on my list to check out for a while and it did not disappoint. Great food and portions! Drink menu was also a big plus!We had an incredible dinner with the best waiter I have ever had in my life! His name is Ben from Minnesota! So impressed with the food and Ben's attention to our table. AMAZING!Truly amazing meal. Favorite part by far was the hamachi curry. Cocktails were excellent. Also ordered the smoked tuna tartare, conch croquettes, broiled shrimp and goat curry- the most tender meat I've had in a long time! Our server Claire was very knowledgeable and fun. Highly recommend for a special night out!This place was AMAZING! Chef Nina Compton has put together some of the most tantalizing favors to ever dance across my taste buds! Hint- try the curried goat!When my fiancée said he found chef Nina's restaurant in NOLA and there was goat curry on the menu, we knew we would have to plan to dine there, so I between the Hermes and the Bacchus parades, we were able to walk over for a late 10pm dinner.
As we walked to our table, we saw chef Nina in the open kitchen, and if we had had time for a drink, we probably would have grabbed one at the bar and watched her in action. But instead, we sat down at our table in the back of the restaurant and perused the menu.
Drink of choice when in NOLA is the sazerac, and theirs was very good. The kitchen sent out some biscuits with 2 butters (chives and bacon) they were gone pretty quickly.
For starters, I ordered a half a dozen oysters, and we shared the conch croquette and spicy pig ears to share. The croquettes were perfect and balanced out the saltiness of the pig ears.
For mains, we ordered the Caribbean seafood pepper pot and the goat curry with the black eyed peas and roasted potatoes as sides. The pepper pot was too fishy for my fiancée, and the sour notes did not pair as well with the rest of the meal - probably wouldn't order it again. But, the goat curry, OMG!!!, it was melt in your mouth, nestled amidst pillowy sweet potato gnocchi, with a rich sauce, that we just scooped up until there was nothing left. 
Our evening was made extra special when Larry stopped by our table to check in on us, and we shared with him how we had seen him and chef Nina in Portland, about a year earlier while we waited for our table at BokeRamen. He explained to us what they were finalizing the investment for Compere Lapin, and that they come to Portland fairly regularly. Who knew!?!
If you're in NOLA, this is a must on your adventure!Just about every restaurant in New Orleans have amazing food. they use just the right spices to dazzle your taste buds. I highly recommend....Excellent food in a really cool space with a lot of warmth is the best way to describe this restaurant. It's located generally in the Central Business District at the edge of the Warehouse District near many hotels, galleries and not far from the French Quarter (between Poydras and Canal Streets)
First off the vibe is wonderful and the service is lively, fun and full of energy.  We enjoyed the service as much as the excellent cuisine.
The food has a Caribbean bent as the chef is from St. Lucia.  The menu reflects both New Orleans and also Caribbean style cooking.
Having some well made cocktails to start was a good preface to the great fare that followed.
Starting with several table appetizers I must say that everything, and especially the croquets, were amazing. The accompanying sauces were tangy and delicious.
I had oysters as an appetizer and they were absolutely succulent and delicious. They weren't Gulf but the smaller Northwest cold water type that deliver a lot of flavor. Some special hot sauce in a small bottle, custom made, was wonderful on them.
With all the tantalizing selections for entrees I branched out and had the Curried Goat. Amazing!  It was like a stew but not full of sauce or fluid but just the right amount to scoop with the meat, veggies and potato. It was really delicious and just enough spice for a nice kick too.
By time dessert rolled around we were far too full to partake
All in all this became my new go to NOLA restaurant.  A 'must' go.'Having participated in top chef and tasted ninas food during the competition, I was disappointed. Granted we went to eat for Sunday brunch but I found the menu unbalanced and uninspiring. The service was also very sub-par considering how vacant the restaurant was. I have to say I will think twice before visiting this place again.Zack the bartender gets 10 stars. Made us phenomenal cocktails and one was a reverse Rob Roy called a John Cameron. A perfect cocktail.The food and service was exceptional.we were looking for a unique dining experience for lunch. We weren't disppointed.  The market salad was delicious the lemon vinegette was amazing.  Then our red snapper main was just as delectable.  We will return and plan to bring friends.I went here for lunch last week with some friends I hadn't seen in over 30 years. It was a good choice. The restaurant is nicely done and the space feels comfortable. We were able to laugh and talk and have a good time without having to compete with alot of noise. Hell, we were the noise. The service was great.... friendly, knowledgeable and unintrusive.
The general consensus at our table of 4 was that the food was good. I had the curried goat. It was good, but I wouldn't call it great. It's the most expensive thing on the menu, so I had high expectations. It was more like stewed goat. The sauce it was in was dark brown and more watery than a traditional curried goat, instead of the more honey-colored curry that I was expecting. I wasn't crazy about the sweet potatoes or whatever was in the curry either. It was tasty, but I'd try something else the next time. Maybe the squash. The best thing on the menu, imo, is the Brussel sprouts. We're all still talking about them, and I even tried to make them at home, but they have me beat. One friend said on her next visit she was just going to sit at the bar and have the Brussel sprouts with her drink!  Enough said!If you are going to splurge and over eat this is the place to do it!!!  Plus , Domingo is the best waiter ever!Love the old time New Orleans feel with modern drink menu. The wood bar, brick walls and music selection add to the ambiance. Loved the banana bellini the bartender concocted for me.Impressively creative.  Luscious.  Everything we tasted was fabulous.  Definitely recommend. 
 Started out with items from their "small bites" section of the menu.  The smoked pig ears with aioli and the jerk corn on the cob with aioli, Both delicious. Pig ears were basically bacony tasting, but delicious when you squeeze the lime juice over it.  The corn was spiced and crisp.  
Next from "first" section of the menu, we enjoyed heirloom tomato gazpacho with lobster and corn and roasted beet salad with ricotta and pistachios.  The gazpacho was fresh and bright with flavors with tender lobster and generous portions of fresh herbs.  The beet salad was every bite a tender treat.  It showed true imagination of ingredients and already makes me want to return for more.  
Next from the "second" portion of the menu we had the curried goat with plantain gnocchi and cashews and the duo of beef with ceci beans and foie gras.  Both were amazing taste sensations.  Never have I wanted to eat goat, but now I can't wait to return and savor it again.  It was tender and flavorful with just the right amount of curry.  The beef duo was tender with a wonderful treatment to the meat's exterior.  Alongside the main entrees we ordered the roasted carrots which were amazingly elevated beyond a simple side dish.  We ate all the carrots and scooped up the sauce with a spoon.  
For dessert we lingered over the horchata panna cotta with melon salad and melon sorbet and the coconut tres leche with whipped cream and coconut tuile.  Again, I can't wait to return for another helping of the horchata panna cotta -- a light offering that was sweet enough, but made you believe you were indulging in a healthy version of a dessert.  It was lovely spoonful after spoonful.  The coconut tres leche featured delightfully toasted coconut and rich creaminess.  If the panna cotta hadn't thrilled us so much, the tres leche would have.  
We enjoyed a few cocktails before the meal -- and so would recommend the one that featured smokey mezcal.  It's a unique flavor in a cocktail, but definitely grows on you.  Our server was attentive and free with his recommendations.  We sat near the windows facing the street, enjoying the passing crowds as our dinner entertainment.  As a tip -- the restaurant is in the Old No. 7 hotel and there is a pay parking lot right across the street.I admit I was a little shy of the adventurous menu.  But it was all very tasty.  We had the curry goat with sweet potato gnocchi and the triple pork entrees.  We started with the hamachi appetizer, which I thought was a little overpowered with flavors for such a mild fish, but tasty nonetheless.  
To be honest, the free biscuits and bacon butter were awesome, and I would come back just for that.We came here a couple weeks ago to check out the new happy hour menu and we really enjoyed the few small plates that we ordered (the conch croquettes, spiced pig ears and the crispy dirty rice arancini). Everything was prepared perfectly and the accompanying sauces were absolutely delicious. I was literally eating the pickled pineapple tartar sauce and the sour orange mojo on their own after the actual food portion was finished. We are huge Top Chef fans so this was a great opportunity to try Chef Nina's food at happy hour prices. We look forward to coming back so we can try some of the dishes on the regular menu!Excellent brunch. The squash fritters with crawfish are amazing. Best Bloody Mary in New Orleans.After many raves from friends, I decided to visit this restaurant on my short visit to NOLA. The meal was good. I was especially impressed with the croquettes and wild rice arancini. The wine list is extensive the cocktails we ordered were great and amazing aromatic. 
Unfortunately, the hospitality really hampered the entire experience. We arrived early for our late evening reservation that was not honored- we weren't seated until 20 minutes past our reserved time. This happens sometimes, but in this instance the hostesses seemed confused and began to seat us twice before they finally seemed to get it together. Meanwhile, loitering around the hostess station, is who I can only assume was the FOH manager based on his attire. He did not acknowledge what was going on. We were one of two parties waiting, and the dining room was maybe 3/4 full. 
Once seated, in the back next to the kitchen and a large party, we were not met with a waitress until another ten minutes had passed. She seemed flustered- maybe they were understaffed for the evening? The food came out quickly and was on point. There was no manager presence whatsoever during our visit.
I was very much looking forward to this experience, but even the strong culinary team will not be enough for me to return during future stays.Upon arriving for my 7:30 reservation a bit early I was told quite quickly by the host that it would be about 5 mins. That was it, no please feel free to grab a drink at the bar, have a seat while you wait, nothing. After about 10 mins waiting I made my way to the bar to order a glass of wine for me and my guest. The bartender walked by multiple times without acknowledging me or offering a menu, I took a menu from a guest next to me. When he finally come to take my order there was no hello, no how are you, no sentence at all. It was just a simple word.. Drink? No smile nothing at all to make me feel welcomed.
When we were finally sat, our server came by. Once again no smile, no hello, how are we tonight? Just her name and weather we wanted tap or bottle water. Through out the course of our meal, she was inattentive, in-personable, barely smiling or trying to interact with us. 
The biscuits they dropped at the beginning of our meal where the highlight of the evening, the butters perfect and the biscuits wonderfully fluffy and layered to perfection
We started with some snacks, pig ears came out overly salted, and room temp and chewy. As if they'd been sitting a minute. The conch fritters were good, well seasoned and the sauce added great balance.
We finished up and what I'm assuming was a service manager or floor manager came by with our second course... mind you we had not been cleared or re-silvered from our first course. Instead of turning around and clearing us before dropping food, he simply dropped the courses and walked away.. coming back after a few minutes to clear the dirty plates and drop new share plates. 
Our second courses were the gulf shrimp with Calabrian Chile's which were tasty, and a very good dish... the tuna tartar on the other hand was again extremely salty, maybe due to seasoning before considering that salty tobiko/caviar of some type was going on top which made the dish almost inedible. 
This time our plates were cleared and we did get re silvered. For our entrees we ordered the "acclaimed" curry goat and the red fish dish.
Neither dish wowed me. The fish was one dimensional, there was no textural contrast in the dish. The sauce, the fish, the garnish, was all soft, room temp, and this time extremely under seasoned. It was lacking some sort of acidity and crunch to wake it up. The goat was under seasoned as well and lacking depth. Though the gnocchi was very well cooked and made it was not enough to save the dish. The sad thing is, even though our distaste was apparent, the server made no inquire as to why we hadn't eaten our entrees. no manager came to check on us, it seemed as though the staff was just floating through their night. 
I expected a lot more from the service and food for a restaurant as widely acclaimed as this one is. Nothing about this evening screamed best new chef, James beard award nominee, or eater hot 38. This was appalling service from start to finish and the food to match. Definitely sucks when you're on vacation and this is your one special meal and you get the bill and are out 200 dollars after tip for something you wish never happened.
We ended up skipping dessert and going someplace else.
Edit* Extremely disappointed at the fact that I have yet to receive any response from the management. You would think that they would want to at least try to redeem them selves for this but alas... just floating through on the laurelsDon't waste your time with this restaurant. The service was slow. They forgot a drink order. Appetizers came out with a 25 minute gap. 
If you want expensive pretentious food with excessive amounts of salt and fat, this is the place for you. Otherwise, try somewhere else.Came for dinner Sunday night. The food and bar program were outstanding, as was the decor but I have to say one of my favorite parts was your staff.  They are beyond compare.  Thank you for the wonderful dining experience, especially enjoyed the tuna tartare and the goat. xxoo.Well crafted innovative offerings in a neat space.
Visited for pri fix brunch. Tuna bagel and shrimp curry small plates were fantastic and inspired. Did not try cocktails but looked great and coffee was delicious. Overall service was good, but our server was exceptional.Amazing meal! The staff is fabulous- especially the bartenders/mixologist- love the entertainment. The menu is delightful with a flare of Caribbean- nothing like any where in NOLA- so refreshing!Really great food and fabulous cocktails - went here my first night and stopped off for one final cocktail before hopping on the plane - unfortunately kitchen closed between 2-5 so missing out on a great meal to go with the cocktail - the Pretty Ricky is really yummy and having the Pimms cup now  - just Enough sweetness to go with the sour !!We had our last meal on our recent trip to New Orleans here. The food exceeded our expectations. Everything was absolutely delicious; especially the appetizers--marinated shrimp with jalapeño au jus and the smoked tuna tartar. Definitely well worth a visit.I'm so glad this place is in our neighborhood!!
New, hot, a gorgeous room, a solid bar, AND it's open all day.
Admittedly the food can be quite rich (check the menu) but it is ALL delicious.
They have PERFECTED avocado toast and a sublime biscuit, so even the simple things are amazing.
The coconut French toast....will probably kill you but you will die happy. It's so sweet you probably want to share with a few peeps. 
Dying to try the curried goat next!For me long awaited and much anticipated and it exceeded expectations.   I quit watching Top Chef after her season because of the obviously rigged ending.  When I found out she was coming here it was very exciting.  The cocktail list is so creative and will vemiently compete with the market here.  The food was everything I expected from Chef Nina and more.  The service was surprisingly smooth especially for a restaurant only open for over a week.  Look out locals.....this one is a must dine and will easily be rotated into your go to places.This place has for a really cool vibe to it. We started our morning out with there coffee bar that did not disappoint (super friendly barista) then we had dinner there that night. The food was awesome, the manager came out to checked on and greet us, and their wine selection was more than expected. We will be visiting again.We were in New Orleans for a conference and we are big Top Chef fans so we decided to try Nina Compton's restaurant. So glad we did. Food was amazing. We had the cucumber salad, the hamachi, the black drum, and the trio of pork. All were amazing. Best food we had the whole time we were there. Service was also exceptional. Ended the meal with the strawberry shortcake which was really delicious. Anyone traveling to NOLA should plan a meal here. Excellent.I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but it's not.  Host station needs some work on greeting customers, i.e. we're patrons, not trespassers.  Arrived three minutes early (you're welcome) for an 11 am brunch reservation.  Hostess asked us to step aside until called, to the largely vacant dining room.  We weren't alone, she dismissed others that arrived as well, curtly.
We politely waited until a few minutes after our reservation to be dispatched to a table at the back of the restaurant.  Our waitress arrived in short order.
We ordered the punch of the week and a couple entrees.  The burger was outstanding.  Truly outstanding, including the brioche bun.  Getting ketchup and mustard, not so much.  
Wife enjoyed her meal as well.  
Waitress refilled the punch without asking which was a nice touch.
A little over one hundred bucks for brunch in a cool venue.  We'd go back but the hostess stand could use some retooling.  They set the tone for the experience and simply failed.  I hope the 5 star review with some advice helps the bad attitudes improve.Everything and everyone here, from the hostess through our waiter to an earnest conversation with the manager would best be described as "superlative". The menu is not as lengthy as many - and we were grateful for this. As we savored our meal we came to appreciate this allowed each plate to be prepared masterfully. Creative, beautifully presented, sophisticated yet relaxed. The attention to detail and complexity of flavors made this a memorable meal and an even more worthwhile experience.We had eaten here a couple  of times before  relocating from Nola. The food and service was really impressive.  I have to say that tonight's experience was less than good.  The hostess was not a great first impression.She seemed less than enthusiastic about greeting customers.  The food and service was just okay. Nothing to really talk about.  I am sorry that I suggested this restaurant and will not be returning.  There are so many other really great restaurants in Nola. Very disappointed.The decor of the restaurant is incredible, but the rest of our experience wasn't very great. The host at the door wouldn't let us to sit at a table at first, even though the restaurant was super empty at the time. It was very uncomfortable to sit at the bar, so we asked if we could have a table, and then they said yes.
Our favorite was the biscuits, and the rest just didn't taste right for us, probably it is too "flavorful". They used lots of spice and cilantro, too strong for us.
We ordered the summer squash appetizer- not very good. The curried goat was salty, though the sweet potato gnocchi was tasty, and the scialatielli /clams/shrimps/cauliflower tasted very weird, and I felt like the seafood within it wasn't super fresh.Don't bother coming here for happy hour. It doesn't exist. We had read a NOLA.com article raving about their happy hour. However, when we asked about the small plates served at happy hour, we got glared at as if we had 3 heads. "Um, the kitchen only serves dinner...and it doesn't open for an hour...do you have a reservation??...and could you speak up because I can't read your lips because of the glare from the windws?" You get the picture. Rude bartender, rude hostess, rude atmosphere. Tip: be nicer to locals...we tip better, can be regulars when otherwise the tumbleweeds are rolling in your bar, and we can spread a good or bad word very fast.I visited this restaurant on a Sunday after church for brunch last min reservations , it was awesome I luv this place Excellent service and delicious food our waiter Corey was awesome! We will be backAnother amazing evening with our friends at Compete Lapin. My wife truly enjoys the extraordinary cuisine and we were not disappointed with an exceptional Valentines Day menu!My wife and I went to Compere Lapin last night. Been waiting for this to open since I was here last Nov on a film. We walked in, were greeted by very friendly people. Right away we loved the atmosphere and ambiance. We walked through the Restuarant paying attention to the noise level, which was good, as the acoustics seem to help buffer all the chat and laughter. The waiters were busy, the place was full, and the scent of delicious foods filled the place.
Stacey was waiting on us. She is lovely. We ordered drinks and then our food. The drinks took a bit of time to come out, but we knew the Restuarant had just opened and was figuring itself out still. Stacey then brought us these amazing biscuits, OMG, I could have eaten a basket of these. You get one per person, but then found out you can request more. Next time I want 100!
Food came and the plates were a great portion. Not too much and not too little, just perfect. The presentation was beautiful and appetizing. We ordered the roasted potatoes, pasta with crawfish and the tuna tartar. All excellent!
At the end of our evening Larry Miller, one of the owners, came to make sure our experience was good. It was great! 
I highly recommend this resturant. Very nice evening and we plan on dining here as often as possible. Thanks for a lovely evening!Had an absolutely delicious brunch here. Our server Nicole was so sweet and enhanced our experience. We ordered the brunch punch which for our group of 6 was served in a punch bowl for the table. We had a lot of plates between the 6 of us and everything was made to perfection. Nothing was a miss.  We also enjoyed the beautiful space and ambiance.Everything about this place from start to finish was perfect. The hostess and servers were so accommodating and courteous. They were also very in tune with everything we could need (my utensils left with the plate because I forgot to remove them; I had a new set within seconds before I asked for it). For the first course I had the Caribbean seafood pepper pot. Second course was jerk black drum. Both were great, particularly the second course. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially those who appreciate seafood.Hands down the best food & drinks during my stay in New Orleans... I eat here many times while staying at the old 77 hotel & they never let me down... I could go on & on about each dish but just take a look that the pics the food speaks for itself then go try it for yourself...Heard about the attention from the James Beard folks. Went for lunch with high expectations. Kitchen could not get five orders all out within 10 min. Food was overly complex leading to interesting but sometimes strange combinations. Prices are very high for lunch. With tip we averaged out at over $65 per head. There is so much good food in New Orleans I just don't get it. Parking is extra. Nice ambience. Very good bar. Just not good value.Yes, the biscuits are amazing, the food creative and flavorful with Caribbean notes and very fresh in a very upscale exposed brick decor. Here's where they failed: ambience ruined by loud music that caused everyone to raise their voice just so your dinner companion can hear you. Wait staff was inattentive and inexperienced. Wine paired with a meal arrived after the meal despite three separate requests.  Coffee arrived well after dessert was done.  Good restaurant but lacking in the small nuances that could make it great.I believe that food is a channel from which we learn about our own lives. When I want to feel inspired, I go to Compere Lapin to eat and to learn. I went for the first time with my girlfriend for brunch and it was incredible. But last night we had dinner and I was truly blown away again. From the moment we walked in, we were treated with a hello and eye contact from everyone. Our server Lyndie was influential, non-invasive, and polite as can be. Her smile and her accent sold us as she described the Hamatchi, Goat Curry, and Jerked Drum. As a captain in the same industry, I learned so much from how Lyndie treated us. I couldn't wait to get to work to give that back.
Larry, visited with us and entertained us and went into detail about the details of the restaurant. From the bitters bottles filled with hot sauce served with oysters, to the way our table was helped by multiple staff in the restaurant, I have never felt the way I have felt when I left dinner last night. At a certain point, I got into doubt, "This is all incredible but when will the ball drop?" It didn't. Our final course was Coconut and Mango Ice Cream (I'll take 30 pints), and Chocolate Ganache with Jackfruit. It was out of this world. But what really made it for me was the young man who didn't take care of us but still told us goodbye as we left. That's a feeling you should give to anyone no matter what your field. #RunRabbitRunLovely Atmosphere!
We ordered a bit of everything! Presentation was on point!
* Small bites - Spiced Pig Ears
* First - Marinated Shrimp/Roasted Jalapeño Jus & Pork Belly Croquette 
* Second - Duo of Beef/Parsnips/Shitake Mushrooms/Foie Gras & Ricotta Stuffed Pasta/Truffle/Granny Apples
* Desserts - Honey Panna Cotta/Grapefruit/Pinenuts & Roasted Banana Zeppole/Rum Caramel
* Drinks - Moscow Mule 
Okay, so the pig ears are now a favorite, so tender yet crispy! The marinated shrimp app freshness paired nicely with the fried dishes we ordered. I obviously love my pork, but the pork belly croquette was very different.. Maybe not my cup of tea? Oh and you get warm fresh biscuits with butter, yum!
Our entrees were very tasty! The duo beef (sirloin and short beef rib) was cooked to perfection! The sirloin served at a medium rare and the braised caramelized beef rib were both topped with shaved foie gras in front of you. The flavorful parsnips puree and shitake mushrooms gave balance to the dish. Now to my favorite dish of them all, the ricotta stuffed pasted with TRUFFLE - melts in your mouth goodness! The small chunks of apples add a touch of sweetness that makes this dish just amazing. 
I recommend the Banana Zeppole for dessert! Similar to a beignet - fluffy and crispy. It had a squeeze of chocolate inside each one topped with powdered sugar. The honey panna cotta was good as well. However, the toppings of pine nuts had rosemary in it so that one bite overpowered the entire dessert. The grapefruit layer was interesting, but was a bit bitter for me. So, the panna cotta alone was good enough for me.  
Overall, the atmosphere and service was great! I would recommend this place to anyone in town!Came to CL on a weekend trip to New Orleans and was very pleased with my experience. The interior is inviting and warm, the service was exemplary, and the food was wonderfully prepared and presented. The curry goat dish was a highlight. My server, Claire, was incredibly attentive and we were definitely in great hands. The team was very knowledgeable and learned a thing or two about Madeira's. Damn fine hospitality.  Definitely coming back.One of the best meals I have had a NOLA this year.  This new restaurant lives up to the hype and anticipation.  The marinated shrimp had beautiful complex flavors - none which overpowered the other.  I still wonder where they get bonnet peppers in Nola.  The Roasted Brussel Sprouts and roasted beets were next level. The hamachi & melon was an unexpected yet perfect pairing.  From the hostess to the bus boy the staff was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and ingredients.  The restaurant is in a comfortable space and the crowd was energized and vibrant. I will definitely returnSunday brunch was very satisfying. Food was tasteful. Portions was perfect is size. I thought I wasn't going to get full when I saw the portions but it was just enough for a big eater like me. It wasn't very heavy on the belly.
For me this is the place to go for brunch. 
Tried the bloodly Mary with spice on it and it was amazing.
I have an off the menu food and it was cook perfect. Chef is good.
Love to go back!!!Hubby and I have differing opinions on this place. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal, but hubby wasn't so lucky with what he ordered. We started off with the smoked tuna tartare, which was fresh and delicious. Then I ordered the pici pasta with lobster and squash. I loved my dish. It was creamy and rich. Hubby got the curried goat and it was watery and not tasty. He was not a happy camper. More disappointment for him at dessert as he ordered the chocolate cake, which didn't wow him, but I got the delicious zeppole. Don't worry, I shared so he wouldn't be so sad. Overall, not one of the best meals we had while in NOLA, but a fine place to dine. I'd recommend skipping the goat curry, though.To be clear we ate none of the food that danced by us, rather our station was firmly posted on bar stools. We were both entranced with the skills and  flavors and complexity of the libations that we were. Our well traveled New York transplant bartender(insert whatever word is the highest order of the profession) Abigail was amazing! So if you are looking for great craft drinks, most of which are with ingredients you make have never even heard of this is your spot! Thank God finally a craft drink place without the stench of hipster patchouli.I actually can't say anything bad about the food. The food, indeed, was delicious. I think a few of the staff members, however, could have been a bit more happy about being there. The daquaris, the Pina Colada and the strawberry (?) were both delicious. The pig ears were crispy and the aioli was a very good contrast. I emailed the establishment, and no one bothered emailing me back. So, I would have to give a rating of a 3.The decor of this place is really unique. Food and service have always been very good. This place is on the pricey side.This has been one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans so far. We ordered the dirty rice and tuna tartare to start, and then the curry goat and seafood pasta as an entree. The service was personalized and exquisite. Don't leave without the banana zeppole for dessert either. Would highly recommend for someone looking for a rich food experience!!Our group ordered a dozen oysters and shared several of the small plates. We loved our waitress and the floor manager was attentive and pleasant. The restaurant and hotel have a unique atmosphere, but doesn't feel as if they've tried too hard to be cool. It's a beautifully restored space and the food is amazing.We had the brunch menu, not extensive but very tasty and unique. The tartar was great with the right touch of spyce. The pasta was really good and the Wayu burger really nice.Fantastic meal and fantastic service. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. Will be eating here again soon!Great restaurant inside of a hip hotel. We had the conch croquette, steak tartar, curried goat and the mousse for dessert. The bread at the start was awesome! biscuits with chive butter. soo good. 
I had the noble gardens drink (gin, tequila, poblano, cilantro, celery, cucumber) - refreshing and interesting.
The food was very good - although we thought the curried goat was overhyped. We totally love goat, and this is their signature dish - but it just didn't do it for me.
Service is really good and coming on a weekday early made for a chill and enjoyable experience.Food was rich and amazing.  The half bagel with lox and sauce was really amazing spin.  The chef did a great job for the prix fixed menu on brunch.  The Bloody Mary was great flavors with the right amount of spice.  The restaurant is a must go in NOLA downtown.  It is attached to a hotel as well, although we didn't stay there.  Highly Recommend.This was the best food experience I had in New Orleans.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  The avocado toast..... absolutely amazing!! Ended staying for 3 hrs with bottomless punch and ordering different stuff on menu.  The tuna tartar, the burger, the French toast, all delicious.  I have never reviewed any restaurant good or bad before, but the food was so good here that I felt obligated.  Must go for anyone looking for an epic brunch.I had the pleasure of attending one of the preview dinners and I can honestly say it was one of the best meals I have ever had from start to finish. I started with the conch fritters which transported me back to amazing times I have spent in the islands enjoying them. Next I had the beet salad which is getting overplayed in restaurants these days (even though I love it) but Nina put a different spin on it. Candied pistachios, ciabatta, and goat cheese mousse took this dish to another level. For my meal I had the picci with crawfish and squash, and while I normally don't love crawfish, Compere Lapin has officially changed my mind. For dessert I had the horchata panna cotta with melon salad and melon sorbet. The whole thing was perfection.I can't stop thinking about the meal I had last night at Compere Lapin. We made a last minute reservation which left us eating quite early. We must have arrived at happy hour, as the bar was packed and the restaurant was unbearably noisy. Our waitress was friendly, efficient and very professional. She suggested a cocktail, the Chin music, based on my desire for something similar to a Moscow mule. Well, after reading the ingredients I was super worried about what I had ordered, but when it came... wow it was delicious! For dinner I ordered the special which was a lovely pasta with a wonderful truffle sauce, and shaved truffles. It was $45, a small plate, but worth every penny! If I could have it again tonight, I would. My husband had the duo of beef, which was delicious. I have two complaints... One is the timing of the food and the drinks. I wasn't even finished with my cocktail when our bottle of wine showed up. It was okay that it was opened and could breathe, but our meal came right on top of that. It felt incredibly rushed. I know, it is silly to complain about, but really the place was not busy and we could have used a few more minutes to just enjoy our drinks, biscuits and conversation. My other complaint was how noisy it was. It was quite hard to hear the waitress and I had to ask her to repeat several times. This was when the restaurant was empty and the bar was full, and it did get better as the evening went on. Overall, I highly recommend this place. I truly cant wait to return.My wife and I ate here a few weeks ago. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal. The waitstaff was very friendly and knowledgable.  The food was presented well and tasted excellent. The overall downside is that I left this restaurant hungry, and there was no shortage of courses that were ordered.  A growing trend in New Orleans seems to be trending towards appearance rather than portions.  I still highly recommend this place. The chef is doing great things.  I just personally think the portions should be large. But maybe that's just me.... I have heard great things about their brunch, and plan to try it out in the near future.Even by NOLA standards, this was an incredible meal!
Two of us had the CL Pimms Cup - way to easy going down, very nice! The third tried the Andromeda (I think that's the name) - made with green chile vodka; we weren't sure at first about this one, but decided it was a definite winner.
We didn't want to decide so the three of us decided to share a number of dishes.
We started with Conch Croquettes and Steak Tartare Profiteroles.
The Croquettes were fine, good but paled by comparison. The Profiteroles were unbelievable!! Had to convince the two I was with that raw meat donuts were a good idea at first, but OMG!! Incredible!
Next we had the Marinated Shrimp with Roasted Jalapeño Jus, Roasted Beet Salad with Kale Pesto and then the Curried Goat with Sweet Potato Gnocchi.
So amazing!!
The Shrimp was very much like a ceviche with lots of onion and avocado and perfectly "cooked" with the jus good enough to eat like soup.
The beets were earthy and sweet and the kale pesto got mopped up with the crostini that came on the side.
The goat was tender with minimal heat, but plenty of warm cinnamon/clove flavors and the sweetness of the gnocchi was a great counterpoint to the richness of the meat and curry.
Finally, for dessert we had Banana Zeppole and Lime Cheesecake.
The zeppole had chocolate bits in the middle which were a pleasant surprise and the caramel sauce it was served with had enough burned sugar flavor to add some great depth.
The lime cheesecake wasn't a key lime flavor - it was more true lime so not as much grab you by the throat tartness that allowed the creamy sour of the cheesecake to work very well with the citrus. 
INCREDIBLE!!
We were also given a few herb biscuits with bacon butter and honey butter - not even remotely impressed, strangely enough.One of the top three meals I've ever had in New Orleans... And that's with fierce competition!  The ambience, the service and the food... The grouper, the curried goat and the steak tartare.  Fantastic!  I highly recommend chef Nina's amazing restaurant.Great restaurant and service. Ordered special - bone in pork loin with grilled brussel sprouts and potatoes. Also tried goats curry, which came with unique plantain gnocchi. Both dishes were very good. Oysters came with hot sauce dropper bottle. Nice touch. The only complaint is that the white wine was served too cold.Tourists feel free. Locals -sigh- try once and then go back to your local favorites so at least you can say you visited here once.  
Pro Tip - skip happy hour here because it doesn't really exist. 
Had I reviewed this placed when we were here for Todd Price Taste Club, 5 stars, though that's not necessarily a fair reflection of the resturant - so I waited. Had I reviewed this place the last time I went to dinner here (1 year ago), there would've been 4 stars because the food was perfection, but portions were small and wait staff that night was a bit off. Today, there are 3 stars. When I paid my bill it just didn't feel worth it - and I hadn't even had the dinner I'd anticpated to have (we ate entrees elsewhere). 
We enter to an empty restaurant, but still have to wait a moment to be seated. We're then told that "yes it's happy hour, but you can only order happy hour drinks at the bar". OK fine. We move to the bar because you can get the full menu there (no wonder no one was sitting at a table!), and were told they have 3 drinks on the happy hour menu, Old Fashion, Daiquiri, and wine (saying that from memory - if I'm wrong, I'm sorry; I was in shock). Basically we should've never moved from the table because none of the good drinks are on their Happy Hour list. The bar staff were decent, but not as attentive as they should've been. The food was good, not as amazing as the last two times, and as others have said, if you're actually hungry, the portions are super small. I'm going to be super honest that I was so disappointed in this experience, after two apps and each one drink we got up and left to enjoy dinner elsewhere in the area.#NinaCompton is the new queen of New Orleans cuisine. Depth, breadth, zing, pow, bam and allllll that jazz! She performs at such a superior level in the kitchen that she can be likened to a super hero. Foodies will be delighted. One can absolutely taste and appreciate the multi-levels of preparation, care, skill and love in the food. She is a true craftswoman! You MUST visit and take part in the pleasure, from starter to finishing liqueur. **I highly recommend the cold smoked tuna, curried goat, and roasted banana zeppole.** We also had a fresh tasting salad with peaches and cucumber but I forgot the name and it may have also been a special. Stephan, the server, was prompt, knowledgeable and pleasant making the most perfect recommendations, all of which we tried and did not disappoint. Located in the Old 77 Hotel right across the Tchoupitoulas Street from cruise line ports and the newly redesigned Riverwalk Shopping Center, Compere Lapin is a must when in New Orleans for work or play. St. Lucia is well represented by this native daughter.Although the food was delicious, the fact that several servers repeatedly tried to snatch our unfinished food away was unacceptable. They dropped the bill while we still had glasses of wine that were half full. For $350, two people should be able to take all the time they need. Not to mention we weren't there that long, about 1.5 hours- and they rushed us through four courses.
Will never return, which is unfortunate.Wonderful, wonderful cocktails. Asked for something with cucumber and they gave exactly what (I didn't know) I wanted. Boyfriend got a whisky 7- SO MUCH whisky. :)Another delicious meal at Compere Lapin. So sad that they no longer serve the Harvey Jones a wonderful coffee flavored after dinner drink.Stop #4 on the NOLA food + cocktail tour... me thinks we should've quit while we were ahead. We were lucky to grab two seats at the bar on a Saturday night. My "Wry Smile" cocktail was fine (rye, rhubarb, grand poppy, sherry), but my gf's "Louisville Slugger" was too smoky my taste. I was thinking "smoked vanilla" would be smoky-toasty, but it was smoky-scotchy. Not for me.
We ordered the stracciatella, one of my fave cheeses, which came with roasted squash and hazelnuts. Unfortunately, the nuts had a rancid flavor that ruined the dish. The server was totally cool about it, took it away and didn't charge us even though we had already taken more than a few bites. 
IDK, maybe it's just me since the place was busy, but not a place I'd go back to.I was at a conference in NOLA for a week, and Compère Lapin was one of the restaurants I planned to visit. I came in and I was seated right away. 
I did my typical thing by ordering an entrée, a cocktail, and a dessert. 
Entree: Pici Pasta/Lobster/Squash
Cocktail: TCB Sour
Dessert: Toasted Coconut Tres Leches 
It was all very good. I will totally go back the next time I'm in NOLA!As a Top Chef fanatic, I was super excited when I heard that Chef Nina Compton was moving from Miami to New Orleans to open up her first restaurant. Nina is a bad ass bitch who TOTALLY should have won Top Chef. I mean, she kicked butt all season and then lost during the finale. I'm still not over it.
I went here for brunch this morning and I'm already trying to convince my boyfriend that we should go back for dinner tonight. It was that good. I love absolutely everything about this restaurant. The decor is simple but striking, the service is spot on, and the food/drinks are heavenly. 
My boyfriend and I decided to split a bunch of things from the menu instead of ordering our own entrees and I'm SO glad that we did. We ordered the Avocado Toast, Coconut Chia Seed Pudding with Fresh Berries, Corn and Zucchini Fritters, and the Chicken and Smoked Mushroom Hash with Poached Eggs. Everything was exciting and flawless! 
I eat avocado toast on the reg, but this version takes it to the next level. I love the chunks of avocado mixed with radishes and pickled fresno chilis. The toast was buttery, crisp, and not too hard. A great way to start the meal.
The Coconut Chia Seed Pudding was an absolute show stealer! I also eat a lot of chia seed pudding-esque meals, but this one was different. It was smooth and creamy as opposed to tight and almost clumpy like most chia seed puddings I've had. The best part by far was the crunchy toasted coconut on top. It was really interesting texture-wise and not too sweet. Possibly my favorite thing I ate today.
The Corn and Zucchini Fritters were super light and fluffy with a bit of crunchy cornmeal in the crust. The dipping sauce was tangy but didn't over power the delicate taste of the zucchini in the fritters. Again, score.
The Chicken and Smoked Mushroom Hash was a bomb of savory goodness. Juicy dark meat chicken with caramelized onions, smashed potatoes, smokey mushrooms, and two perfectly poached eggs. Winner, winner I could eat this chicken brunch for dinner. 
I also really dug the drinks. I ordered the B&B which was a mix of an IPA, Grapefruit, Elderflower, and Aromatized Wine. It was bitter, citrusy, sweet, fizzy, and floral all at the same time. An absolute must. The bartender also made my boyfriend an off the menu Irish Coffee. It was the best I've ever had. 
The final thing I would like to talk about was the incredible service. Our waiter was super professional and laid back at the same time. He knew SO much about the menu. When we asked about Chef Nina he responded by saying that she was "the shit" and that she works doubles nearly every day. It was really cool being able to peak into the kitchen from our table and see her working like a complete machine. 
I cannot wait to come back for happy hour, lunch, and dinner! Chef Nina certainly has more delicious surprises up her sleeve, and I'm excited to try them all.I ate here last night. I had the drum it was good. The other three people with me were very disappointed with their food. Pasta dish had little bad flavor. Shrimp did not seem fresh at all. Grilled prom belly dish was a very small portion and mostly fat. Drinks were good but very over priced. We ordered desert and waited 30 mins for it. Waitress forgot to turn in order. She was unapologetic. Manager didn't even bother to come over and apologize. I would say service is very poor. Food is overpriced and not very good. Very poorly managed restaurant.Went here while visiting New Orleans. From the New York area and enjoy good meals. 
Parts of our meal was amazing. The smoked tuna app was a great mixture of flavor and texture. My wife had the Brussels sprouts, which was so good I hope to  reproduce at home. Parts of our meal were amazing. I had the smoked tuna, which was really a great mixture of flavors and texture. My wife had the Brussel sprouts, which I would love to make at home. 
But that is not why I am writing. My entrée was the dual beef, very good, but the portion could have been larger. Even if you doubled the amount of beef, you would still have a great food cost.
The real issue was with my wife's entrée. The chicken dish. Cooking the thigh cassoulet style was/is an interesting idea...but it failed. Of course it works with duck and duck fat. The chicken was not improved by cooking it in olive oil chicken does not have the fat content of duck and it suffered. The breast meat could have been considered inedible. Breast is really difficult to cook correctly, without overcooking, which makes it dry. The Breast was dry, lacking flavor the chicken part of the dining experience could be described as inedible.
I would suggest you take the chicken entrée off the menu until you figure out how to cook it correctly or change the dish altogether.
I mentioned my concerns to our sever. She was great, well informed(though I think you could improve their "uniforms.") She was well versed on what was supposed to come out of the kitchen. However, I am not sure she mentioned my feedback to anyone in the kitchen. Not sure if she was just tired of hearing a tourist complain about food(one she would not see again) or the kitchen staff, like most are less than receptive on criticism from a server, vis a vis a customer.
You should learn to listen to your servers, they usually know what the problems are in the kitchen.
Yes, I am a tourist who will probably not be back to New Orleans any time soon. But I have more influence on restaurants because almost anyone I know defers to my knowledge of food, not just in the New York area but other places. For example, Grey in Savannah don't waste your money, and I was really looking forward to it, Red Rooster in Harlem...one of my all time favorite places and Marcus Samuelson does a great job .
Now improve your chicken or take it off the menu.
Tourist stay away. I sent this review to the restaurant. They did not respond. I was not looking for a comp, just offering a suggestion or two for a better dining experience.Absolutely incredible.  Started with drinks at the bar CL Mint Julep and a gin/tequila/cucumber drink that were beautiful and delicious.  Moved to dining room and had cold corn/crawfish soup which was fantastic.  Very knowledgeable waitress. Both the curried goat and fried catfish sandwich were top notch.  Did I mention the biscuits and flavored butters?  Yummy!   Best food of the weekend so far!! And located in a trendy, industrial haunted hotel.My husband and I visit the area at least once a year. When we discovered Compere Lapin, we arrived with high expectations. Our server/bartender, Ricky, was very knowledgable on the menu entirely. We had the pig ears as a starter. Delish! Next we had the beet salad with ricotta that was to die for. For dinner we had the curried goat, followed up with the "Quattro" leche dessert. We will definitely be returning! We had the pleasure of meeting Larry and Nina, the manager, chef, and owners of the restaurant. Such nice people! Thank you again for the amazing hospitality!I found this place walking by as I scoped out a place to have a quiet afternoon business meeting. It was so appealing that I came back for dinner the next night.
At 3:30pm in the afternoon the bar is open for drink and small plates. The setting is casual with a good size bar staffed with entertaining staff. It was a calm setting to rest and have a conversation. I like the open space, bare bricks, and tasteful decor (without feeling fancy).
Dinner on a Tuesday was booked. The bar still had seating and served the full menu. Not until I scanned reviews for food suggestions did I realize this is a Top Chef restaurant. Bonus for me. There are definitely many great choices on the menu,some better than others.
Not for me - Conch croquettes were softer than I expected inside. I think I was expecting more like calamari. One would have been fine but four for myself was too heavy. I wish I would have tried the pig ears.
Could have eaten more - Caribbean Cracked Pepper Pot has wonderful flavors, good acid with a creamy savory soup taste. The shrimp and squash combined nicely in each bite.
Rich and chocolately - Bolivian Chocolate Cake/Spiced Sauce/Passion Curd because I'm a sucker for passion fruit. This had a variety of textures and flavor. Caramel ice cream, spice chocolate sauce, passion fruit dots, truffles, and chocolate cake. It was fun to mix and match flavors. I did not sense the "spice" in the sauce.
Buttery goodness - The Chive biscuits were buttery with a perfect crust. The center was a tad doughy but okay. I enjoyed the honey butter. The chive butter did not stand out for me. I made sure to eat all the outside while it was still warm because it was delicious.
I wish I had time to come back to try the pigs ears, beet salad, beef duo with fois gras, curried goat, bananas zeppoli.
There a couple minor service misses, my sparkling water was refilled with still and the bill was someone else's. Both errors were corrected promptly.
Sadly it's probably going to be a few years before I come back to this wonderful restaurant. Thanks for a memorable experience in NOLA!I've been here a few times, and each time I become more of a fan. The ambiance makes you feel like you're in a bustling big city, which is a fun escape for a night out. The drinks are incredible, thanks to the head bartender, Abigail, who is the bee's knees! The food is also drool-worthy, specifically the curried goat and hot chicken!I enjoyed my dinner here.  Service was outstanding. Good was hit and miss. Chef's didn't have control over their use if salt. Goat curry was great. Pasta was salty. Cauliflower appetizer was the best dish of the nightFrom a local's perspective, new restaurants in the city can be a run-of-the-mill experience. Compere Lapin is anything but! The food is fresh, delicious, and thoughtfully planned out. The service is impeccable and unobtrusive - perfect for a friend's birthday dinner, a date, or a business dinner. DO NOT miss this gem - literally everything on the menu is a delicious experience! Hats off to the new kid on the block! I had the tuna tartare and the drum. My boyfriend had the beet salad and the beef two ways. ALL WAS PERFECT. Bon appetit, New Orleans!Went here for lunch. While the food looked delicious, we waited over an hour for our food which we never actually got. We were appalled by how the waitress and manager dealt with the situation. She ignored our table for an hour and then didn't even have the balls to come and apologize but rather send her rude boss over to tell us it's rare that guest can eat there within an hour. I bet they can't but you should get you food within an hour especially when we were the first people in the restaurant. We didn't get a sorry, nothing comped or anything. We Patti ally had to shove our card in their face to simply pay for our drinks. Don't waste your time going here.Yum. Everything was really delicious. We did the tasting menu for brunch between the 4 of us, and pretty much had everything. The only thing I would have passed up was the biscuits & gravy. It wasn't bad, but the other small dishes were great.We had a wonderful meal and enjoyed the lively, relaxed ambiance.  Benjamin and the entire wait staff were attentive.  We especially enjoyed the slushy berry/rose cocktail to start, followed by biscuits and bacon butter.  We would have been completely happy had we stopped there.  But fortunately we did not!  Best fried pigs ears ever - the savory spices were unique and delicious.  Best pigs ears I've had!  We also enjoyed the broiled shrimp in chili butter.  We were stuffed by the time our Trio of pork arrived but, nevertheless, continued.  It was very well prepared.  I just wish I was hungrier to enjoy more of it.  It was a wonderful meal and will visit again when we return to NOLA.I've been here four times now, and while initially I was head over heels in love with it, there are a few things that are starting to grate on me. But I'll start with my absolute all time favorites:
The dirty rice arrancini are incredible - I need a full order of these for myself every time
The beet salad with kale pesto is great
The two shrimp first courses. One is a cold shrimp ceviche, the other is a broiled shell-on shrimp with these incredible calabrian chili butter. Both of these dishes are spectacular. These two are now what I now consistently get instead of a main course entree there. 
My gripes.
Relative recently (since around November at least), the waiters have started trying to upsell you truffles on everything. It is just obnoxious -- it doesn't seem like it is clearly about enhancing a given entree, since they essentially tell you they will add truffles to any of the entrees, and several of the first courses. Come on. 
The menu hardly changes, and there is typically only one special on any given day. While there are good sides of that, as that means my favorite dishes stay on the menu, it also makes me less likely to want to go back, because there's no excitement of seeing what new things there might be for me to try. The menu is not large and I've tried virtually all of it at this point.  
The spinach cavatelli with fontina fondue on the sides menu is crazy crazy garlicky -- that's basically all you taste, and you can see huge amounts of slivered virtually-raw garlic in there. Which is a shame because this dish be really amazing if not for that fact. I thought the carrot side was delicious, but the black eyed peas were just so-so -- muddled flavors. While the first time I went the biscuits they brought out were fantastic, the last few times they have been drier, and this most recent visit they had been warmed on the outside but were still cold and dense on the inside. Service has also declined a little -- the first time I went (in early October) it was some of the best restaurant service I've ever had. In November the server we had was so jokey and overly familiar it was uncomfortable. Last week our server seemed mildly depressed. 
All in all, this is still a great addition to the New Orleans dining scene, but it feels like it is slumping a little from when it first opened. Nina, I love your food -- keep pushing with this restaurant!Came here for dinner the other night, and it was amazing...  where do I even begin.  The conch croquettes were fried to perfection and gave it a nice crunch before you bit into it.  The hamachi cebiche was...  mmm.  What was surprising was the nuts in the middle which gave the dish extra texture to balance with the fish.  Then it was the deconstructed strawberry shortcake, which of course was not what we were expecting when they served it.  The sorbet plus the cake itself was so yum my coworker and I gobbled it up so fast.  Will definitely come back when I visit Nola again.Compère Lapin was the scene for dinner for the wife and I on our second night in town.  We arrived a few minutes early for our 6:30 reservations on a Sunday night.  The crowd was relatively light in the dining room when we arrived, but built up steadily to a full house during our meal.  Truth be told, a big reason why we picked it over other equally deserving, quality restaurants in town was our name recognition of its chef, Nina Compton.  We're both regular viewers of Top Chef and were impressed by her performance on the show. 
We started off with drinks while we looked over the menu.  I had the Mayor Rock ($10).  I can't recall what was in it, but I do remember that it was a tasty cocktail, especially for the price.  For our food, we shared orders of the Conch Croquette ($6) served with a pickled pineapple tartar sauce; the Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot ($21); the Curried Goat with sweet potato gnocchi and cashews ($24); and the Grouper in a beurre blanc sauce with potato pearls and caviar ($26).  We finished our meal off with an order of Roasted Banana Zeppole ($9).  All of our dishes were nicely executed with a delicious combination of flavors.  I enjoyed them and recommend them all.  However, if I had to pick one dish out of our five choices that I would leave out if I could only pick four of them, it would be the Conch Croquette.  It was good, but possessed the least "wow" factor for me.  Service throughout our meal was friendly and attentive.
Compère Lapin was everything I hoped it would be.  The food and drinks were excellent at a very fair price.  If I was a local, I'd be a regular.  I highly recommend.  4.25 stars.Wonderful on all counts...Food, drinks, service.
My companion and I shared conch croquettes and charcutarie plates. Great.  She had the Drum wtih veggies which was superb and I had the curried goat...also very good.
Key Lime Cheesecake for dessert and a super light and delicious.  I recommend this place for a great night out and food..  This helps you understand why New Orleans is such a great food town.First visit here so this is a one time experience review since I am not from the area and probably won't be back anytime soon.
Husband and I shared our dinner since the waitress encouraged family style dining. But than again we share all our meals so it all worked out. Crispy pig ears, hamachi in coconut curry, and the goat stew. My favorite was the hamachi simply because it was the only dish that was not over salted. Really wanted to enjoy the pig ears, but the seasoning was a little heavy and I couldn't eat more than a few slices. Was hoping the aioli would help cut the salt but it didn't help too much. The goat stew was good, but also slightly over salted for my taste. And it was actually more the goat than the gnocchi. The gnocchi was actually what helped balance out the salty goat. It did have a nice heat kick to the dish. 
Some friends that we came with order the crispy cauliflower which was also salty. Again it was our first visit so maybe it was an off night with the seasoning. Or maybe it was just salty for my palate, but my husband agreed that some dishes were over salted and most of us agreed the cauliflower was salty so that makes me think it wasn't just my palate. 
The service was great though. The chef's husband worked the  front of the house and our server was patient as we all tried to decide what to order. 
So again it may be hard to really give an honest review only having tried this restaurant once, but first impressions...service is great food is decent, better if it wasn't salty.Amazing, well thought out dishes by Top Chef chef Nina Compton. New combinations of creole and Caribbean flavors. Started with the tuna tartare, pasta special with chanterelles, truffle and a shaving of foie gras and finished with a sour sop semifreddo with cucumber ribbons and a coconut snow. Was completely happy in that way only good food can make you.I am giving Compere Lapin 4.5 stars but the app won't let me!  OMG it's amazing. I have no pictures because the food was so good I couldn't wait to eat!  Corey was the best waiter ever!  Definitely ask to be in his section. Everything from the wine list and cocktails to the dessert was on point. Don't skip the Brussel sprouts or the banana donuts!  My co worker he the goat and is still talking about it!  
Oh and the biscuits with butter are a meal in themselves!!! I will tell everyone and be back!This is an absolutely excellent restaurant in all aspects, from the amazingly attentive service, even when the place is understandably overflowing, to the extraordinarily good and very well prepared imaginative food.  I highly recommend both Compere Lapin and the excellent hotel in which it is housed, Old 77 ...Wonderful lunch with friends the Tuesday before Thanksgiving. Our servers Nina and Larry were helpful and informative about the dishes and the restaurant in general. We started with the Tune Tartare and Cheese Board appetizers, local beers for the guys wine for the ladies. Both were excellent and they start you out with fresh baked biscuits with infused butters. 
Our entrees were the Grilled Drum with apples and collard greens, complex flavors and more interesting than I expected. The Hot Fire Chicken is a take on Caribbean jerk chicken and is similar to buffalo chicken sauce. But much better. It's spicy, be aware. Also on the table, the Curried Goat which was maybe the best dish and one of the specialties. Hearty and delicious. Lastly, the Wagyu Burger, a very nice high end burger. 
Sides included black eyed peas, Gnocchi and AMAZING Brussel Sprouts (get this!)
The bill came to just under $200 for us 4 so a little on the high end but worth it.It's a very nice place with nice ambiance, The cocktails were good! The host was terrible she told us is going to be a 15 min wait and turn out to be a 45 min wait , the food took longer than normal to came out , we had the marinated shrimp it was ok nothing special and the hamachi was awful ! The chicken was good , for the price I wouldn't go again or recommended to anyone is not worth the wait or the money !Worst customer service experience ever - had lunch here earlier today, was nice enough to come in for round 2 - dinner - but lady at the front desk was totally NOT interested in having customers - especially not when we showed up early for our reservation. Plenty of open tables, but she would not seat us, despite asking twice. BAD! No more of this for us!This rating is strictly for the service as the food that we did receive was excellent. Five of my friends and I selected this restaurant to celebrate a birthday and we were all thrilled to enjoy the raved-about food. Unfortunately, we didn't even get to try most of it due to the lack of service we received.
We each ordered a few small plates and some entrees for brunch on a Saturday morning that seemed to have an average amount of patrons dining (nothing too busy). We ordered a few iced coffees and some cocktails. By the time we received the requested cream for our coffee, the ice in the coffee had melted. We should've left then as we did not receive our first sample of an appetizer until 35 minutes later!! (Tartare bagel was delicious, but 35 minutes for cold appetizers??) After waiting another twenty minutes for the remainder of our appetizers, we decided to cancel our entrees (almost an hour after ordering). At that point, we spoke with the manager to request the cancellation, at which his response was, "ok". A simple, "I'm sorry for the delay", or "our kitchen is backed up", or even, "why? Is something wrong?" would've made me feel a little better, but just ,"ok"??
Everyone at the table has worked in the service industry, and we were all shocked and completely disappointed by the lacks of apology, recognition of error, and hospitality.
Truly a shame because the food was absolutely delightful. Sad to say that I won't be back.Loved this beautiful restaurant in new orleans.  It was closer to our hotel than to bourbon/french quarter so i ended up stopping by during lunchtime for a drink (food was not being served at the time), my only regret is not coming back for the food during my stay.  Great friendly staff and wonderful ambiance.Excellent breakfast! Our party tried the chicken/mushroom hash, spicy black beans, biscuits and gravy and granola with fresh berries. All had inventive elements and were made at a very high quality. The atmosphere is great for drinks and is in the old no 77 hotel. Will defiantly be back.This is one of the most diverse and well thought out menus of any restaurant I've visited in my favorite city. The ingredients cover a range of tastes that will appeal to more sophisticated palates as well as curious laymen.I've never been a fan of New Orleans dining, until I came to this place. Menu is full of wonderful creations, yet not so much so that it's over bearing. The cocktails are top notch, only to be surpassed by the wait staff. My dining experience here is not one that I'll soon forgot.Great food, Best cocktail I've ever had (I've had a lot).... but-- who cares!? There so many restaurants with great food and drink  in NOLA, where I live-- but how many of those have a front of house that mimics the back of the house in terms of racial diversity  -- or a head chef that is a woman of color ?!
Not many.
If these qualities matter to you and the way you consume, spend your money here and tip big-- especially to the tall, blonde, queer, artist, bartender whose name i can't remember but who made my anniversary exceptionally ! Thanks to everyone at this restaurant who have made this restaurant and example for fine dining and social equity !Food and cocktail and wine selections were extensive. Bar and restaurant was very vibrant when we got there. We got one of the corner table facing the street side and perfect for a group conversation. I would go back again.This place is the "Apple" of restaurants! Casual yet classy. While at the same time the atmosphere was very laid back and and the staff was very well organized. 
The entire meal is ordered upfront to facilitate your meal being served at the appropriate time and temperature. The food is both original and very well thought out. 
My server...my server was the absolute best! Attentive, courteous and very well prepared to answer any questions we had about the preparation or ingredients used. Thank you Michelle for an amazing dining experience!Had dinner there on 9/ 12/2015 and probably one of the worst meals we have had in a longtime. The apps were ok But it's had to screw up cold apps;the entrees and sides were uninspired and fell flat and not to mention the goat was hard to find and when I did the meat was Tough ( I don't like eating frozen meat ) . The featured squash dish was not presented as promised it was missing Squash Blossoms . It was obvious that I didn't like my entree nor the  sides and the server caught it but yet management never showed up.. ..it's obvious from the door to the floor to the kitchen that this restaurant is ignoring how savvy diners are in this city ! It's a small city !Bite for bite, one of the best, truly excellent meals I've ever had. The conch croquettes were a gd religious experience -- I'm telling you, my eyes welled up. From the warm, exquisitely butter-paired biscuits to the tuna tartare to the curried goat (and about three other starters in between), my girlfriend and I were delighted with each and every dish. We ended up finishing with one of the "first bites," the stracciatella (a house made creamy cheese) with mango and hazelnuts and toasted ciabatta -- and because it wasn't actually a dessert, it was perfectly refreshing and just the right amount of sweet. I also need to say that our server, Claire, was knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and warm, and she made our evening that much more special. She let us know that Chef Nina was out of town, but Chef's husband and co-owner, Larry, took the time to greet us and thank us at the end of an extraordinary meal. I've never had a bad meal in NOLA, but this one really really tops them all. Don't miss it, and don't be shy with the exciting menu. This is not the time to be eating chicken and rice.I ate dinner here Friday night and it definitely lived up to the hype. We had the best corner table, so immediately we were happy. We had cocktails (not their specialities, just an old fashioned and a French 75) which were great and came out quickly. They give you chive biscuits with bacon butter and honey butter. Wow. I mean I don't need to say it, but that was amazing. We started with the beef tartare croquettes, half dozen oysters (So good!!) and the snap pea salad. The oysters come with their house made hot sauce ($8 a bottle to take home) which is so. Freaking. Good. I have two bottles now. We agreed that the snap pea salad was one of the best green appetizers we have ever had. Thanks to the buttermilk dressing and chicken skins. Now I want to recreate it at home. We had the lobster pasta and the duo of beef entree. Both incredible. The sirloin was so well seasoned and the spare rib was fall apart tender. We finished with the "chocolate cake" dessert which was more of a deconstructed chocolate cake, also amazing. Very very rich so I couldn't finish it all (the boyfriend doesn't eat dessert) but still very good. Compère Lapin will definitely be added to our regularly visited restaurants along with Peche.Please please if you go to New Orleans, take time to
go to Compere Lapin. It's an amazing place. And I second whoever said the gazpacho is a must. It is an amazing dish. Non traditional, but maybe better than traditional. Lobster tail meat, corn, ripe cherry tomatoes and spices. Then they pour the (intentionally salty) tomato sauce and it becomes heaven. The spices were just right: a touch of cayenne, a hint of mint, some vinegar. For the entree, I had the roasted drum (whitefish), which was done perfectly and served over a fennel coulis. But the star of that show were the roasted carrots, served with slivered almonds.Atmosphere and service ok. Disappointed in all three courses. Conch croquettes were gooey and tasteless.The chicken was dry meat rolled up in skin. The fish was microscopic size so they cut off an extra piece to add to the plate. The lagniappe piece of fish smelled off. Potatoes looked like just skins and smashed remnants dripping with grease.  Way better restaurants to choose in New Orleans than this.Trendy hustling vibe, if a little loud. This new, year old eatery is a hot ticket. Very busy but I found a solo seat at the bar for a full menu meal. Conch fritters were a mild disappointment as the conch was flaked with a preparation analogous to 'deviled'.  They were served with a tremendous chunky sauce topped with a dash of roe.  The sauce was similar to a good remoulade but without the heavy mustard flavor. It made the dish.  Next I opted for a Trout Roe salad app. Though the trout roe seemed to be an afterthought, the simple dressing on which shaved cucumber, chunks of cucumber, slices of jicama, halved grape tomatoes and leafy pieces of celery tops  was perfectly pleasing.  For the main, though there were many great sounding choices, I dove into the Curried Goat and Sweet Potato Gnocchi. I'm still in awe of this heavenly meld of flavors: both rich and savory, but not spicy hot.  I found it to be much like one of my faves of Lapin (rabbit) with Gnocchi (without the curry) at a New York French Bistro. Nice wine, beer & cocktail lists. Bartenders were efficient, pleasant and helpful (knowledgeable).The Travel Papers drink is watered down Jose Quervo Gold tequila, and the Scialatielli with clams, shrimp, and cauliflower isn't as good as it sounds. I'd think twice about spending time and money on the food here. And highly overpriced, especially when the clams are tiny and frozen. I'd stick to the pastries, which makes up for the second star.Bread is sooooo good! Service and food is crazy awesome. Highly recommend everything. Remember the spice scale is different in New Orleans. All good!!What an amazing meal! We sat at the bar and had oysters, roasted veg with almonds, and curried goat. The service was fantastic - made you feel like you were home :-)I've been here twice for lunch now and the food has been fantastic.  I had the tuna tartare and the gazpacho with lobster and both had a perfect balance of flavors, very light and bright.  I've also ordered the english pea ravioli and it was amazing!  Pea ravioli is not something I would normally pick off of a menu, but I'm so happy I did... again, perfect interesting balance of flavors.  The menu is a refreshing change from all of the amazing southern-creole food around town.  Highly recommended, I will be back.Yummy Caribbean bliss.  Tuna tartar fills your entire mouth with smokiness is it cut by the lime juice.  It's served with very thinly sliced banana crisps - very nice but I only wish there were more!   I had the black drum which did not shy away from the spice.  If you like a little heat, you'll enjoy this one.  My husband got the goat curry with sweet potato gnocchi.  It's their signature dish and it speaks for itself.  Who doesn't love little pillows full of flavor and covered in curry?? Cocktails wereAmazing food.  Awful parking.
Good news:  Unique flavors, all amazingly different and wonderful.  5 stars.  The baby brussel sprout side was so tasty I could have been satisfied with just that, but the goat stew and the beef duo were also totally different from anything else in New Orleans, and proof that Top Chef honor was well deserved.
Could have been better:  We were seated at a corner near the bar.  It was really hard to hear without shouting.  The tables further from the entrance seem to be quieter.
Needs work:  They offer $5 valet parking.  Only there were no valets to take the car when we arrived, and waited and waited and waited.  We finally gave the keys to the restaurant manager for fear of losing our reservation.  He got the car parked for us and brought the claim check to our table.  But when we went to pick up the car, nobody could figure out where it had been parked.  The poor guy on the valet stand had to search for 25 minutes before he found it in the adjacent hotel's garage.  No stars for that.location
in the lobby of one of my favorite hotels, the old no. 77. if you stay at the hotel, you get to have breakfast here too!
cocktails
i can't name a single cocktail that i'd recommend because they are all good. whatever you want, the bar got you. very well could be the best cocktails in new orleans.
biscuits
THESE ARE FREE! they are tiny morsels of perfect and come with bacon butter. how are these free? i would pay double for these.
conch croquettes
what exactly is in these? they are like conch mixed with mozzarella sticks. shit is amazing. pure crack, man.
spiced pig ears
never had a pig ear? compere lapin is a good place to start. these are nicely spiced and come with a smooth aioli to cool you down.
crispy dirty rice arancini
not my favorite, but it's a fried ball of rice so still pretty good. just give me more conch.
cold smoked tuna tartare
it's solid, but i'd give it a *kanye shrug*.
jerk black drum
if you're craving a perfectly cooked and seasoned piece of fish? compere lapin has got you covered. 
curried goat
man, you can't go wrong with goat that gets stewed down for hours and dropped onto gnocchi. you really can't go wrong. this mess is so good.
*****
new orleans is my favorite food city and compere lapin is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. i don't have any jokes. this place is just good.A fairly mediocre experience, overall. Definitely overpriced for the food and service received, and we ended up spending a ton of money on not that much, and only somewhat tasty food. The hostess was a grump - and it seems a bunch of other people have commented on this too - which is a shame. I was a hostess at a fancy oyster restaurant for a while (same trend of kind of hip and expensive, just with better food and service) and you should never hire a grump as a hostess. You're the first person people see when they come in, you should be a customer service pro! 
Anyway, my party of four had had a large lunch earlier in the day, so thankfully none of us were starving g so the small portions didn't affect us negatively. Our waiter was fine, a little inattentive, and mumbled a lot. It was hard to hear in general, because even though the dining room area wasn't too crowded (5:30 res, gone by 6:30) the bar as full of drunk and loud people. I have nothing against a fun bar vibe, but it wasn't wha we expected from such a seemingly stuffy place. We didn't even bother with dessert since we assumed it would just be like the rest of the meal - overpriced and underwhelming. 
From out of town and will definitely not be going out of my way to ever visit again.Food is excellent. And the menu is incredible. 5 stars start to finish.
However, I didn't love our waitress. She a bit curt at times (telling me to "hold on" when I politely requested a drink refill) and not bringing us the basics like napkins after dessert. However, the overall experience, based solely on food, was very memorable. 
We started with a spread of tuna tartare, brussel sprouts covered in buttermilk dressing and chicken skin. They were plentiful, generously portioned and packed with intense bold flavors. Curried goat & sweet potato gnocchi was nothing short of sensational. Fragrant bowl loaded with tender meat, crunchy peanuts and sweet potato, and refreshing cilantro... it was such a complex dish that had all the texture and tons of flavor!Here now. Stopped for lunch while waiting of my hotel room to be serviced. I can't tell you the uncaring attitude of this bartender. Beyond description. Kinda shocking based on the price point. Just so uncaring. Rude. Wrong. The trifecta of 1 star reviews.The food is outstanding but the people who work here especially the hostesses need an attitude adjustment. We arrived 7 minutes early for our reservation so they asked us to wait. We went to the bar & ordered drinks. Then when while we were waiting for our drinks the hostess arrived to tell us our table was ready, our drinks weren't so we asked her what she wanted us to do & the look on her face was as if we had asked her to solve the crisis in the Middle East. So the first table the hostess tried was by the door & I said no thanks so in true passive aggressive hostess manner she sat us next to the bathroom. So much for a leisurely meal in & out in less than an hour & did anyone notice I had a coat draped over me for most of my meal. Nope. Food gets a 5 star the rest 1.One of my new favorites in my neighborhood.  The smoked tuna appetizer is simply amazing!  I have tried several entrees and have yet to be disappointed.  This is a great restaurant and offers a creative change from the traditional sauce based NOLA cuisine.Upon learning of Chef Nina's James Beard award, i was excited to have the chance for lunch yesterday. I arrived around 2, lunch service ends at 2:30 (then changes the small bites at the bar).  It was not overly busy and patrons were wrapping up their meals. 
I wanted to try several things to get a sense of the flavors, ingredients and recipes.  
Food:
Started with Tuna Tartar - excellent!
Catfish sandwich - fish was way too salty, nice bread /slaw. 
Semolina gnocchi w/ cream corn - meh
Service at Bar - disappointing & not to the level I would have expected.  The bartender (& some tall guy who may have been a host?) were more preoccupied with friends visiting , including taking shots than any non-local patron.  I'm all for buying a drink, but my glass sat empty for about 10 mins, 5 of which passed after I was asked if I wanted another.  I am literally right next to the friends getting drinks at the bar, 3 steps away from the cooler. 
Ambience- very cool & rustic.  Other than the nice young lady running the food, no one seemed to have a smile or friendly "hello or welcome" type of attitude.  
Maybe I was building my expectation too high.  
I sincerely hope they invest in training and improve. Someone as bright and talented as this Chef needs a great support Team.Wow! 2nd experience here and even better this time...1st turn was 5 stars as well. The service is amazing (Our server Claire was very informative, entertaining, and she even helped us filter a pic...lol) The food and drink are amazing as well!!  Best Brussels sprouts I've ever had, best Old Fashion I've ever had, and everything else would probably be #1 if I had something to compare it to. A local favorite, so if traveling here, you need to come check this place out. We will definitely be back next time we're in NOLA.I've eaten at this place a hundred times. It's always awesome. Please eat here. The wine list is as amazing as the food!We tried this restaurant on a last minute recommendation and we were not disappointed. Our server was personable and responsive. The food exceeded our expectations. We would definitely return next time we're in New Orleans.Let me start off by saying Nina Compton is a brilliant chef.  I ate at the hippie Compere Lapin for breakfast lunch and dinner and every bite was a hit. The lack of stars is not because of the food but for the customer service.  Last night I went to enjoy a cocktail, now at Compere Lapin they have a delicious selection of tasty cocktails but last night I just wanted a simple kettle one with a splash of pineapple I had a long day so I wanted something with a little bite.  The bartender (Brown skin guy w/ high top fade and full beard) received my drink order. After tasting I decided my drink was just too weak and requested a redo. This time I specified very light pineapple. The bartender told me that he was out of kettle one without even looking but it was fine I requested a redo with rail vodka.  I guess he was tired or irritated that I was requesting this simple request because he slammed my redo drink on the bar. Now usually I would had requested a manager but instead I remembered that once upon a time I bartendered while in college and remembered some days you just aren't feeling it so I took his rudeness with a grain of salt. When i requested the check he told me $11 no biggie but once I received the copy of my receipt I saw that he charged me for the kettle one instead of the well vodka.   Once again Compere Lapin is a gem and the head chef is a mastermind this is just an example of having a bad day can alter an experience. That is allGreat experience -- inspired dishes, fun "hoppin" atmosphere. Drinks were stroooong but that's a good thing. Started with conch croquettes. Loved the curried goat and sweet potato gnocchi. Of course had to get the zeppole dessert. All and all, food was delicious. I would go back again the next time I'm in NOLA. Way better than going to the tourist traps and stuffy old school restaurants-- a great breath of fresh air for the NOLA dining scene.