It has been a year since we "found" Coop's Place. When we arrived in New Orleans we were staying a couple of blocks away so Coop's was the obvious choice. We arrived between 4:00 and 4:30 pm and were seated immediately. If you wait until later you will wait!
Anyway, the mirror behind the bar has not been cleaned, the tables and bar still look the same and the food is still some of the best you will find. Nothing too fancy, just decent food at a decent price. We do not go for the fried chicken because we can get good fried chicken at home. The Jambalaya Supreme, Shrimp Creole and Red Beans and Rice are wonderful. They have local beers which are good and change from time to time.
We have found that the service is very good, no problems at all and the staff are east to get along with.
Coop's is one of those places that you have to visit. Never mind the front, the bar, the restrooms etcI've only ever read about the rabbit & sausage jambalaya here, but the gumbo takes the cake! It's a bit on the saltier side, but it is bursting with amazing flavor. It's what got me hooked on gumbo, and for the rest of my trip in New Orleans, I would order gumbo whenever it was on the menu. No other gumbo could compare though, not even the Gumbo Shop!Coop's Place is a really solid bar on the Esplanade end of the French Quarter.  It is definitely worth it to take a walk down there and get dinner.  Coop's pretty laid back and low maintenance.  I wouldn't call it a dive, but it sure ain't fancy.  Drinks are out quick and the staff are friendly.  I started with the gumbo, and then had the Cajun pasta while I was there the other night.  The gumbo was solid, but pretty average gumbo for NOLA.  Also, it has big chunks of celery, okra, etc in it (which I'm not big on).  But nonetheless, it was good gumbo.  
The Cajun pasta was excellent.  Lots of shrimp and crawfish tails, the artichoke hearts and mushrooms were well prepared and the tasso was amazing.  The menu says that they prepare their tasso on-site.  I believe it.  It was smokey, spicy and generally exceptional.  Finally the sauce that held it all together was wonderful.  The perfect blend of spicy and creamy.  It even held up pretty well when I re-heated it in the microwave the next day for lunch.... oh yeah... the portion was big enough for 2 solid meals.
Anyhow, if you're in the quarter, run down to Coop's and have a meal.The food here was really fantastic ...but the service was horrible and borderline rude. Perhaps it was because we arrived right after the super bowl ended and they had been busy? I'm not sure but the food was.good enough to overcome our rude/kooky waitress and I would definitely go backVery solid pub. Nice layout and atmosphere. Pool table. Good bar lined with regulars. Efficient bartender. And apparently the food is great. I wish I could say more about it, but we weren't eating there that night. At least a regular tipped us off on the $6 bowl of steamed softshell crab claws. Sweet jesus they were great. Could have eaten bowl after bowl.
Really the only drawback was the wretched display of humanity waiting for a table and blocking the entrance. Seriously, if no one asks to see your disgusting boobs, don't show them. And if, when you nevertheless do so followed by your vile companion licking them publicly, at least have the decency to notice the dozens of people who poke their own eyes out in agony and horror ... Anyway, Coop's Place is a good place.Well, the food was ok.
Actually, the rice in the jambalaya was undercooked.  Otherwise, the food was ok.
The service was some of the hands down worst I've had in my life.  If you'd like to have more than one beverage with dinner, go somewhere else.  Actually, if you'd like to eat your dinner with silverware, you may want to look elsewhere.
Before I forget, the busboy was a real douche bag.Jambalaya supreme was delectable.  It was so tasty my boyfriend and I came here two days in a row.  I ordered the same dish, but he ventured and got the waiters recommendation, which was fried and bland.  The wait can be long and the service is mediocre at best, but we'll worth it for the jambalaya supreme.Five stars for the fried chicken - amazing - two stars for the experience. Called 12 times to try and order take out. Could not get anyone to stay on the line long enough to take order. Showed up to order in person and was told I can't order take out with a baby. The place has a bar license, not a restaurant license. People of New Orleans need to stop recommending Coop's for fried chicken since it is not a restaurant, it is a bar. They want you to come in and drink, so they don't take your phone order. Wish we had known before we wasted so much time and effort here.We were actually on our way to a different restaurant when we changed our minds based on the recommendation of our Uber driver to try Coop's Place. 
There was a line of people outside and we had a party of 3 that got seated right away. Our waitress was Michelle and she was very good. In fact all of the employees were pleasant and fun. One of the bartenders yelled at me to put away my phone while I was at the dinner table (joking!). I said I was reading reviews but he said "I don't care -put it away at the dinner table!  It was funny!
I ordered the Chef Salad which came with a choice of chicken or shrimp (grilled or blackened). I got the grilled shrimp version and it was huge and delicious. There's no way I could finish it all. It was loaded with tiny shrimp ($11.95)
Another person in our party got the duck Quesadilla appetizer($9.50)  based on what the Uber driver said and he loved his food. He also got a cup of rabbit Jambalaya ($5.75)
The third person in our party got the Taste Plate that came with a cup of Gumbo and several other Cajun treats ($13.95)
Service was great and the food came out fast. It was worth going there for dinner!I say come here for any number of things. Taste plate, Chicken Tchoupitoulas, Jambalaya, ...
But do NOT leave without having some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. Absolutely 100% the best.After a one-hour wait, we were finally seated at the bar, but they were out of mint juleps and sazeracs. We ordered some gumbo and jambalaya. Our first bites of each dish were room-temperature, so I politely pointed this out to the bartender and requested that we get everything heated up. He claimed that they cook up dishes to order and that they don't have a microwave. Uh, I am pretty sure there is more than one way to reheat a dish. Anyway, the bartender took our plates back, so I was under the impression he would get new dishes for us. He later returned, claiming that he had burned his finger when sticking it in our food, and he subsequently kicked us out of the bar. 
He could have simply told us he couldn't or wouldn't reheat the food, and we would have grudgingly finished our meal and still left him a decent tip. But I guess at a restaurant this popular, the staff feels they can get away with treating new customers badly. 
We took a walk to Lüke, which I highly recommend for mint juleps, hot food, and amazing service.Fried chicken!! Get the fried chicken. Seafood gumbo was delicious. Not as salty as the gumbo served at Turtle Bay but definitely flavorful.What can I say that hasn't already been said about: the fried chicken, the bloody marys, the Jambalaya, etc.  
The food here is excellent and worth the wait, the drinks are strong, and the bloody mary's are spicy.  The staff is friendly and chatty and always looking to help you leave happy.
NO ONE UNDER 21 IS ALLOWED IN THIS PLACE, not even your kids.We had the combo plate; jambalaya, fried chicken and beans & rice. Tried the gumbo and all great. Derive was great as well.3.5 stars. Came in around 8pm on a Tuesday night. Waited for about 20 minutes. Luckily a street performer with a lovely voice came around and sang some Sam Cooke.
Food: Not a fan of fried chicken (I know, sorry) I opted for the shrimp salad with green goddess dressing per the waiter's recommendation. The salad was filled to the brim and full of fresh and yummy ingredients. My dad ordered the fried chicken and he really seemed to enjoy it - he said it wasn't too greasy and the flavor was on point. My mom ordered the seafood gumbo and she didn't enjoy it much - from the looks of it there was a ton of liquid and a few morsels of seafood hiding in it. 
Service: After reading all of the reviews I was expecting crap service, but our waiter was helpful, patient, and nice to us. So I guess come in with low expectations on this end and maybe your experience will turn out better, haha.
You will enjoy this place as long as you take it for what it is - a noisy bar that happens to serve above average bar food.Absolutely horrible service . There was a booth and a waitress station were open. Half of the space was condiments  at the stool/waitress station. It was not usable dining space. .I was placed there . There was a metal bar on my left. I sat down and hit my elbow on it . I couldn't lift my arm up high enough to eat . Waitress could've cared less she gave the other table away to someone else and told me to stand outside ,after I complained . I ordered crab claws as an app. The could be marinated or fried . These came  out chilled . That isn't noted on menu. Service in nola isn't the greatest , but this place thinks it's doing you a favor. Do yourself a favor keep going . The combo I ordered  wasn't  that great . The chicken was good , but even the jambalaya wasn't as good as it usta be, everything was room temp, except the chicken.Good place for a solo traveler. 
Gumbo was good. It wasn't enough to fill me up so I added on some fried okra. The sauce with the okra had a nice bite to it. The bloody Mary's were tasty and strong.
I sat at the bar, which may have avoided some of the service problems others have posted about. There was a good mix of regulars (including out of town regulars and locals) and tourists.Before going here I didn't read the Yelp reviews. I just went through almost all of 2014 reviews and the negative ones are about the service and line issues. They are all accurate. I ate here last weekend. One of the nights we passed by and there was a line. We went back on a Sunday night and there was a very short line. When we got in there were multiple open tables. The waiter seemed bothered by the couple questions I asked regarding portion size for an appetizer. We had to ask for waters. Seemed like forever to get our drinks. I had the fried crawfish dinner. It was really good. I was also very hungry. My friend, being vegetarian had the pasta with oil and vegetables. The vegetables were not cooked. She was not happy. Prior to even receiving the food, she gave it 2 thumps down. The guy had a bad attitude. 
It seems like the staff will continue to be crappy with the customers because even after all these bad reviews people keep going and giving them business. Even though my dish was good, I won't be back. There are so many other places in New Orleans that serve fried crawfish and probably appreciate my business. I have to say I'm super glad I didn't see any of those cockroaches or rats other people mentioned. I would have never gone here had I read the reviews prior.The only good thing about this place is the portion size. Waitresses/bartenders  were very rude and did not seem to enjoy working there. They continuously yelled at people to wait outside and even schooed away a man coming in to ask about catering for his upcoming wedding. I would pick another place instead of returning here.Best place (food, atmosphere, drinks) we found in NOLA!  Get the "Taste Plate" to sample several of their best dishes...Fried Chicken is fabulous!!  Also had the Shrimp PoBoy!  **so good we went there twice on our trip.
Tips: go early or outside the busy times...otherwise checkin on the inside and be ready to wait a bit (outside on the sidewalk).  We waited 10 minutes the first day and got seated right away the next...well worth the wait.Late night spot that tries to kill you with massive amounts of food. My crawfish poboy was bigger than my head. I ended up just snacking on the crawfish the whole night. I had leftovers for the hotel! Dark and nice to get away from the action for a moment.One of those places where people just wait in a line because there is a line. Not worth the wait. Seafood mediocre and chicken was good. Had to deal with waiter (not eve ours) who would come around and pet my head/hair. Eh, satisfied but not crazy about this place. Wouldn't recommend wouldn't come back.Before any big night in the Quarter or on Frenchman, I always stop by Coop's for a bite. Supreme Jambalaya is the way to go in my book. The sampler is a great choice too. I'm not a big French fry fan, but the ones here are distinct and delish.
Best of all, this place is cheap (and I mean that in the best way possible). Many dishes, Supreme Jamb included, are under $10, a deal in any city much less the middle of the French Quarter.I came here for the jambalaya. 
Ambiance: If you're a pirate or a sailor, this place is right up your alley. If you wear a tie to golf, this may not be your style. It would not surprise me if rowdy nights saw beer bottles being throws against the wall. 
Service: I went in for take out and the woman was incredibly friendly and helpful. 
Yelp says 5 stars is "as good as it gets," which describes this jambalaya. To be fair, I got it then didn't eat it for almost an hour after I walked out the door. Even still, it was that good. I have come to the conclusion that jambalaya is better than gumbo, by a lot. So naturally I wanted to find the best in town, and this did not disappoint. 
Highly recommended, must eat, etc etc. All the good stuff. Just go, get the Supreme, and eat up. Then smile.I love you, Coop's. The place can be chaotic, so you owe it to yourself to try and sneak in there on the off hours, but I've done my share of waiting outside, gazing in through the front window. I've had some inconsistent meals here over the years, but then last month, the best Red Beans & Rice EVER. The staff can be stressed and weary, but I waited tables for 10 years so I'll forgive anything. 
Every trip to town we decide we will only go to Coop's ONCE. 'Let's just go ONCE this time.' Never happens. Crawfish & Tasso pasta. Order it. It will haunt your dreams forever. 
Remember, if there is no line, it's no good. Margaritaville is right across the street if you don't want to wait in line.What a dive. I had the gumbo for take out. Not too impressed - it was a very strong, earthy flavor that I didn't love but am guessing some people do. 
They were nice, the restaurant had a nice smoky smell, and everyone says the jambalaya is legit. Maybe next time...Had the sampler plate. Wonderful. Don't miss out on the crabmeat stuffed jalapeños either. Service was kind, good and swift .
Well worth the trip.Horrible. Judah is horrible. Saying you have "snarky" service does not give you license to be an total asshole, then comp our entire bill because you feel guilty about providing terrible service, terrible food, and having a terrible manager who doesn't care about even trying to make things right with customers. Don't waste your time. Go somewhere else and actually enjoy your meal.The drinks and food were great here, but it was the delightful bar staff that really made my night. The bartenders when I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon were all hyper competent, wonderfully friendly and laid back women. They made my friend and I feel really welcome--which, in a town with as packed a bar scene as this one, really stands out!Jambalaya. I will never try anything else on the menu for fear of it not comparing to that wondrous jambalaya.I think I'm in agreement with everyone else. We ate here after getting a recommendation from a vendor at the French Market. We'd been looking for that spectacular, blow-your-mind Cajun cuisine and hadn't found it yet and really all we wanted was something that wasn't thrown together from a Zatataran's box.  Coops was a little divey, but that's just what I was looking for. It's dark and run down and the service was a little on the grumpy and ignoring us side (I got the impression that it's a bar that wants to stay local but can't and I get that) but the food was good and the place had the feel I wanted. I had the jambalaya supreme and my husband had the Cajun chicken with jambalaya and cole slaw. Neither were all that spicy but it was good, solid food that filled our bellies and got us back in the door a second time during our trip. On the next round, i had the etoufee and my husband went for more chicken, but with red beans and rice this time. Same experience- cranky staff and great eats. I will say that both times, the service improved mid-way through our meal. I really think the staff is just tired of dealing with tourists who act like chumps because they're on vacation in New Orleans. So please... Don't be that guy and ruin it for the rest of us!I'm in town for JazzFest and heard this place was good. The line started a little before I got there and I've been waiting 45 minutes for a seat for just myself. Their problem is that they have six different people popping out, grabbing people from the line and then seating them at different tables. Horribly unorganized. I can't speak for the food but the hassle is an embarrassment to the restaurant...Went based on the local people suggesting this place to us and the fellow Yelpers...
We went on a weekday and it was the lunchtime rush. The lady at the bar was friendly but promptly told us that she was short a person and one of the cooks was in jail, which was a regular occurence she said jokingly....
The food was great but I think due to the short staff...was colder than it should have been. 
This is a total dive bar but the food had really good flavor. I would try it again to see if I get a little better experience.
We had the "Taste of New Orleans" and the duck quesadilla. The taste of New Orleans was great and their Fried Chicken and Gumbo were great. The quesadilla was cold but seemed to have good flavor. 
Props to them for the English Bulldog themed items on the wall and fancy Jukebox too :)Disappointed with the jambalaya supreme. Very dry. Sausage pieces all charred. Rabbit pieces dry. 
Taste plate had great fried chicken and red beans and rice. 
The beer was cold.Best fried chicken i've ever had. wow. seafood gumbo was also absolutely amazing. 
red beans and rice- have porIt may be a dive, but its definitely a people's place. The servers and hosts are very lively people who add character to the age old establishment. Not that the place needed anymore character than it already has. 
Now of course the food. It was glorious. Literally the best Cajun food I have ever had. The fried chicken was insane. It had a thousand different spices on it. The jambalaya was absolutely the high light of my entire afternoon. It was an explosion of masterful flavor. The gumbo. Oh lord the gumbo. Perfect. Nothing more to say. Finally the Creole was terrific. Everything that I ate was amazing. The food here made my day in New Orleans. 
Most defs reccomend this place for a casual encounter with the Cajun kind.This place is amazing. There is usually a long wait, but it's worth it. This place is hidden away and easy to miss if you're not looking close enough.
I've had the jambalaya and the red beans and rice with fried chicken. Both were amazing, but the fried chicken really took the cake. Service was prompt, friendly and awesome. It's not a big place, so there's a strong likelihood the inside will be crowded.
But everything is good, it's all spiced and flavored perfectly. One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Coop's is awesome. Red beans and rice with sausage may be the best I've had in NOLA and the chilly no-nonsense service just adds to the flavor of the place which is a bit of a dive. We'll be back...I have VERY MIXED EMOTIONS about reviewing this place. My problem here is the absolutely  god awful service, I would rate it as one of the worst in my dining experiences to date. 
Waiting for ever to get your order taken(app. 15 to 20 minutes). We were there first thing in the morning when they opened. We observed the locals getting their  food a good 10 minutes before us,when ours came out, my boyfriends fries were burned black and ice cold. My appetizer came out right before the meal. 
And they never cleared the table when we were finished , or brought us our check, this was after waiting a good 15 minutes after we were done eating.
Finally I got up to get the check, and the waitress immediately cleared the table, while I stood there for a good 5 minutes waiting for the bar tender to  quit ignoring me ,and give us the bill. 
At that point the waitress finally walked up, to hand me my glasses ! I was livid, she wasn't holding them correctly , and they are very expensive prescription ones. I told her I really didn't appreciate what they had done, she acted like she didn't hear me , and walked away. So , I left no tip what so ever. 
As far as the food, the chicken was very good , the rabbit  jambalaya was very good, but the food is very spicy , and my boyfriend didn't like that much at all.My friends and I had just gotten out of the House of Blues and were hungry . . . sure all southern food tastes like heaven to outsiders but we wanted a local opinion and Coops Place was a name that came up time and again. If you want to get away from some of the crowds in the streets and enjoy a nice southern meal, throw back a beer and watch whatever game was on the tv . . .this is the place to do it. Try the rabbit jumbalya . . .oh my god! Every time I go to New Orleans Coops Place is always a stopAmazing food! Best gumbo, I've had...even over the Gumbo shop! But...worst service I've endured as well. Bartenders were rude to several customers when asked any questions, as noted by previous remarks.Coops is one of the places on my list of places to send friends from out of town while in The Quarter. Can't really say enough good things about this place.  Generally great music, played loud. The staff is very Be Nice Or Leave, which  I like.  Crowded usually. Authentic New Orleans experience overall.... Also, when we tried to order the stuffed poppers, the server admitted they were the only thing on menu not made in house. The honesty was appreciated.
Everything I have ever had there has been good. They are frying experts, and obviously known for their fried chicken. I recommend going with a few people and ordering a bunch of stuff and sharing. Jambalaya is real deal, gumbo is on point.  I think it is much more difficult to write a good review than it is to write a bad one (for me, at least) so I'm just gonna leave it at this. I like good food. Coops has good food. I like Coops. You should go there. The end.The fried chicken is amazing! Throughout the rest of the night, my husband kept saying, "I wish I just had a giant bucket of that chicken!". Will definitely be going back every time we visit New Orleans.One of the best places I have been in NoLa....they DO NOT allow anyone in that is not 21 and it is true to form NoLa at its most genuine.  Mel is the best waitress every and if you don't like the place.....you are too much a snob to enjoy the best HOLE in THE WALL in New Orleans to date!!!!!!Total dive bar with some of the best eats in New Orleans. It's the kind of place that you'd expect to be swarming with thousands of tourists, but it's completely the opposite.
Went on a Saturday night around 9 and had no wait - walked right in and sat at a table! Be prepared, though: the line can be huge.
The food menu is pretty large and based on traditional New Orleans cuisine. I ordered a cup of the Red Beans and Rice and a bowl of the Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya. I thought I was going to die - from either a heart attack, taste bud overload or the amount of food. Only order one entree, people! Unless you bring a friend who can eat as much as I can. As my profile says: I'm skinny fat. I can eat an entire pizza in a day and I still found it hard to eat everything.
The staff is definitely on the low end of southern hospitality, but Coops will be on my list of to-dos every time I visit New Orleans!As we were traveling to New Orleans, we asked people about places to eat, and everyone we ran into said we needed to stop here. We took their advice and I have to say that we were not disappointed.
The food overall was delicious and the staff here was hilarious and attentive. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal as well as the atmosphere. In the end we are happy we took the advice of the locals we were staying with and we wish we could have been here longer to try more of their menu!What an awesome find! Our tour guide Charles sent us here.
At first glance Coops looks abrasive inside, but don't let that fool you. The fact is the delicious smells will probably lure you in regardless!
We had the marinated crab claws which were fantastic, I had never had them this way and took a to go box to snack on at the airport.
The cajun green beans were delicious and I am in dire need to replicate that recipe.
My husband ate the rabbit gumbo and said it was the very best he ever had. 
Service was a little off, hence the 4 stars but I think it was because the saints game was on. So I'll be back to see if we can go for 5!Poor service. Maybe understaffed that night and the bartender and wait staff more into doing shots. Food was cold, mediocre.  Cannot understand why the line was so long. Never going back!Came here after it was suggested by a friend's friend. I ordered the jambalaya and it tasted great. Maybe it's just me, but I enjoy large portions and the portion seemed a bit small (for me at least). Still a great suggestion just not fulfilled.Just around the corner from our hotel.  Great food!   We had the Crabmeat Stuffed Jalapeno Peppers appetizer.  Yummy!  Then oysters, shrimp, and Coop's Taste Plate.  All cooked well and very tasty.  Drinks and service were great.  This is definitely a "hole in the wall", but a cut above for sure.Came here Friday around 4 with a group of 6 girlfriends! Their were so many nats flying everywhere...even before we got our food they were zooming over our table. My g/f and I shared the seafood platter and it was really good and definitely a lot of food. Another one of my g/f got the taste plate and didn't care for it at all. She only took a bite of each of the items and told the waitress that she didn't like it. The waitress asked her if she wanted something else, so she ordered the seafood appetizer platter. She liked it much better! When our check arrived, it had both meals on it. We asked the waitress about it, and she had a really bad attitude stating "just because you don't like something, doesn't mean you don't have to pay for it!" Then continued to reiterate it! She was simply rude. I eat out a lot, and have never encountered this type of experience, especially when the waitress asks "do you want something else?" The restaurant also doesn't do spilt checks so it's either pay in cash or put it all on one card just to let you guys know if you are eating there with a group. I don't plan on ever returning or recommending this place to my friends/family!Great food at cheap (for Nola) prices in a dive; this is your pick if you are hungry and want to party on while you eat! It is a musician bar and Nathaniel the barkeep is a hoot. The music is loud and so are the staff; go there with that expectation and a buzz and you will have a blast.
I had the sampler. Really surprising; these were very clean and crisp classic Cajun offerings, and done better than most. The fried chicken is excellent ; just like Nashville Hot Chicken without the hot.
The cocktails are ok, nothing inspired.We went to Coop's in 2013 for our first trip to NOLA and absolutely LOVED it and have been craving it ever since.  We just visited NOLA again and admit we were in NOLA for 2 days this past week and went to Coop's 2x!! YES - that's how much we love it!  This place is just how it's described a dive bar and you HAVE to be 21 to enter.  The staff here is fantastic, no BS, and attentive.  Get the cajun fried chicken and rabbit jambalaya - you won't ever regret it! We miss you already Coop's, looking forward to our next Nola trip!Prepare to be discriminated against if you're Asian-- yea, you read that correctly.
Me and my wife were in town for NYE visiting from California along with two other couples and stopped by here because of all the rave reviews.
The place was packed.  Everything seemed normal at first.  We placed our order with the server, Cary (his name was on the receipt-- he's the dude with a beanie and a pathetic Billy Goat goatee/beard).  
Like many servers, Cary didn't write anything down, and memorized our order.  
This is an impressive technique which many servers have mastered.  Unfortunately it requires a certain level of mental capacity in order to pull it off, and our friend Cary certainly demonstrated that he did not possess this mental capacity.
We put in 3 orders of fried chicken; 2 orders-dark meat, and 1-order white, along with some Jambalaya and a salad to share.
About 20 minutes went by, and we noticed the table beside us (a group of 4 Caucasians in their mid 20's) get their fried chicken before us.  Now this wouldn't be a big deal except for the fact that they were seated 10 minutes after us. 
We're really not the type to pull the race card, or jump to conclusions, so we didn't say anything and gave Cary the benefit of the doubt.  Another 10 minutes go by, and then the Caucasian couple beside us (who came in a few minutes after the group mentioned above) receive their fried chicken too.
At this point, we're confused more than anything.  Did Cary forget to put in our order?  
Seeing that it would take a while to get our food, we decided to put in an additional order of fried chicken because we didn't think we ordered enough food.  My Buddy waves Cary down and politely asks him about our existing order and requests an additional dark meat order of chicken.  Cary responds that he'll check on our order.
Finally Cary returns another 10 minutes later with our chicken.  He brings us two plates of white meat chicken and one dark meat.  We noticed it right away and brought it to his attention that we had ordered 2 darks, and one white.  
This Hot Shot insists that we put in 3 orders of white and 1 dark meat.  This was ridiculous since everyone at our table preferred dark meat, and the white meat order was for me.
Instead of admitting his mistake, Cary makes up the most ridiculous policy I've ever heard.  He said: "At this time, we can't take anymore dark or white meat orders.  You just get what you get."  
WTF is that??
I haven't been here before, but again, I proceed to give this incompetent idiot the benefit of the doubt, and accept the wrong order.  
We begin fuming when minutes later we overhear him and another waitress take other people's orders of DARK MEAT chicken without issue or mention of any so-called 'chicken-policy.'
Whatever.  We were over it.  
Finally we asked him for extra plates since we were sharing.  This @sshole replies with: "let me see if we have any clean plates in the back."
This Dimwit returns a minute later and tells us: "Sorry, we're all out of clean plates."
Are you F-ing kidding me?  I've NEVER heard any server say that before in my life.  Keep in mind this is at 10pm....not minutes before closing!!
We were totally OVER this place.  We weren't going to come back anyways, so it was pointless to make a big deal out of it.  We decided we weren't going to leave a tip.  
When the bill comes, of course they charged us mandatory gratuity-- how convenient.
We took the high road and simply pay the bill and leave.  I decided the only justice I could do was warn future Asian patrons of this blatant discrimination on Yelp.  
Oh, and the chicken?  It was terrible.  KFC is much better.  It was so salty that we ended up drinking several bottles of water each to dilute all the salt throughout the evening.  
Odd, that we would hate the chicken so much considering everyone else on Yelp raves about it.  But then again, we did receive our order much later than the Caucasians.  Perhaps the fine folks at Coops Place needed some extra time to prepare our 'special' batch.
Fortunately this experience did not ruin our trip to New Orleans.  
We went on to Cochon, Cochon Butcher, Luke Restaurant, Jacques-Imos Cafe, and Drago's during our trip and had excellent food, and experienced true Southern Hospitality everywhere else we went.
Come to Coop's Place at your own risk, but don't say you weren't warned-- just be sure to bring your Caucasian friend with you.We were turned away at the door for not being a complete party of three. (The 3rd party member went to park our car)
The hostess was extremely rude and frankly turned me off from coming back to coops place again. A little sad, considering I have been going to coops every time I come through New Orleans. (About 5 times per year)
No more. No need to put up with attitude in a city with so many great food options. 
Thanks coops. I won't be coming back.My first real meal in New Orleans, it was just okay. I got the combo plate which came with seafood gumbo, rabbit and pork jambalaya, shrimp creole, rice and red beans, and fried chicken. The fried chicken was just okay, i wasn't a huge fan of it. The creole and red beans with rice were okay too but I think they're just not really my thing. The jambalaya was great though; I wish I had just ordered that. At $14 pre-tax a plate, it's pretty pricey but I guess that's what you get in the French quarter. Service is pretty nonexistent. An average place, I'd only suggest the jambalaya!Dirty. Dive bar. Gross, hot bathrooms. Reasonably priced drinks. Really good food.Pretty great fried chicken and jambalaya but the staff could really improve. I literally heard a bartender yelling at customers for not leaving a good enough tip.Excellent food. The servers and bartenders were really good. The down side was that all the employees were at the bar and talking and the service was a bit lacking.  They were doing shots and things which to me is ok but they should not do it in front of the customers. But again this wasn't a big deal.  Food and drinks are excellent!  Must try the seafood gumbo!!redfish menieure
fresh homemade salad dressing
crab claws, and rabbit...
I love this place, especially during holidays, because they spice it up so much that it keeps the tourists out, and it provides for a spot where you can still get your game on, and still get the spices on it.
sure they seem surly, but thats part of the charm.  sure it seems super busy, but my favorite story about this place, was back a long time ago, my first time?  during mardi gras, and the waitress was so loaded, she forgot our food...  and so did we...
so I came back. we had so much fun.  we finally did get our food that night, but by then? we really didn't care, as we were having too much fun.Pretty divey spot with decent food. We got the taste plate with Red beans & Rice(good), Jambalaya(good but cold), Shrimp Ettoufe(no shrimp to be found), and the Gumbo(great). Friendly service and decent prices.We were visiting New Orleans for the first time, and Yelp suggested that Coop's had the best Jambalaya in town.  We decided to try it out on Sunday night, Memorial Day weekend.  When we got there around 6, there was already a line down the sidewalk.  It turns out that the inside of the place is very small.  I'm not sure it holds more than about 50 customers at a time.  We were seated and ordered: My wife had the rabbit & sausage Jambalaya - it was amazing.  But I ordered the Jambalaya pasta, and it made the regular jambalaya seem rather plain.  It was so awesome.  I would almost drive the 8 hours from Dallas just to have that again.  We will definitely return.I'm writing this review after having visited it during Mardi Gras 2015.
Don't let the dive bar-ness scare you off, this place has really good food at very reasonable prices.  I had the sampler plate and my wife had shrimp & crawfish etouffe.  My dish had rabbit and sausage jambalaya, fried chicken, shrimp creole and a bowl of gumbo.  All of it was great.  The etouffe my wife had was indescribably good.  Beer selection was good if you're an out of town visitor with a small number of local selections but if I was a local and ate here often I'd like a little more variety.  
Service was attentive, but slow.  I think I'd sit at the bar if I was going back.  Definitely worth the trek from wherever in town you're staying.Oyster po boy was great, super crispy oysters but super tender on the inside. Waitress was really friendly and kept the beer coming!I had the clam chowda,  the best I have ever had.  
Do not expect really friendly service this place is like a boot camp, you get in you order you get your food.. and it's good food..   they have signs up that say "shut up and eat"..  LOL   kind of tongue in cheek, but they mean it..  
I'd go back it was great  food.If you are looking for some authentic Jambalaya in New Orleans look no further Coop's is the place to eat!! We went there for lunch for some Jambalaya Supreme and decided to go back again for dinner for some more Jambalaya of how delicious it was and also had the Pasta Rosa. The pasta rosa was a bit on the oily side but still very delicious. The atmosphere was very laid back and so was the service. I highly recommend it to anyone seeking authentic Creole food at reasonable prices!Great fried chicken! Been here several times & one time server was rude. Besides that, great experience! So yummy!! Tip:if they ask, tell them you're 21 (even if you aren't.) They don't actually care even when it's blatantly obvious you're like 16. They just have to ask cause of the slots.Stay away at all cost!
I heard good things so I checked it out with my girlfriend. What a let down!
First of all, we had a problem from the moment we got there. After waiting on line for about 25 minutes, we were seated in the overly-crowded, dirty restaurant. My girlfriend's wallet was stolen the night we got into NOLA, so she didn't have her ID. She didn't even order a drink, so you would think that's okay. But no. The waitress said she had to be 21 just to sit down at eat! Not even the bar. I was not okay with this so I wanted to speak to the manager. The manager said we could have take out but would not let us sit and eat. So rather than letting us just wait and order, she asked us to wait in the back by the dumpster! I obliged and for 15 minutes we were swatting mosquitoes and putting up with the dumpster smell. Finally the food came, and we grabbed it and left.
We ate at a park and the food wasn't even good. The jambalaya was sweet and tangy. The crab legs were the smallest I've ever seen. And the gumbo, which should be good, was probably the worst I've had in NOLA.
This place has no redeeming qualities. Avoid it!Best crab clusters in the Quarter. Make sure you arrive early otherwise you will be shorted in the evening.Great ambiance and the food was amazing. I will be coming back to eat here for my next visit to Nola.Best fried oysters I've had in some time! Small, noisy, fun place. Fast, friendly service.Jambalaya was too dry seems that these guys do not know how to prepare it. Lamb ribs are good.Menu looked good, stood in line, staff were rude and a bunch of douchbags so moved on.Coop's is the best find in the French Quarter! Their fried crab claws are the best in the City and pair great with the real (fresh) french fries.  I am a particular fan if the crawfish and andouille pasta.  It comes with the most generous serving of crawfish I've ever sean from a restaurant.   I've also had the fried shrimp which are fresh and perfectly cooked. The batter is delicious.  The atmosphere is.... a bar that many several years ago was a horse barn.  There used to be a sweet little grey kitty that had free roam of the place but someone complained...This place like any restaurant in the Quarter is pretty freaking awesome. Of course everything is fried, and the place is VERY ghetto looking with matching waitstaff but the food was great. I guess anything deep fried would be considered delicious. Their jambalaya and dirty rice was pretty incredible though. Their drinks are expensive and tiny so you should opt to get a hand grenade or a hurricane elsewhere.A-OK. Visitors of New Orleans: stop in for a meal on a weekday, but there's no need to stand in line for half an hour or more on a busy night. The food is not THAT good. Gumbo Shop has some of the best gumbo in town in my opinion. As for the jambalaya; too rich for my blood. The best creole and cajun food, sadly (?), cannot be found in a restaurant. It's home-cooked food. But, if you don't have that luxury than you settle for a place like Coops.Jambalaya wasn't that good.  Gumbo was decent.  Not my grandma's but decent.  I sat at the bar and didn't have an issue with service.  I did notice that locals are treated better and allowed to pay with credit card.  This is probably on purpose to keep it local.The servers and bar tenders are for the most part all dicks, but that's sort of the point.  Not too good for vegetarians like me, but you can make do.  Great value, great tastes, great ambiance if you're going for the ear bleeding, dirty, dark vibe--of which, mind you, is essential to anyone's experience of New Orleans. 
If you're hungry in the Quarter and want some New Orleansy food with a local beer without paying touristy prices, come to Coop's.  Just don't use the ladies bathroom.We got there around 10pm on a Thursday and luckily didn't have to wait for the table. I and the Jambalaya with shrimp and rabbit. It was super flavorful and delicious! I also had a couple picky-eaters with me and they loved the red beans and rice. Definitely coming back next time I'm in NOLA!How many times have I walked past Coop's Place and not stopped in? Way too many it seems and now I know why there is a often a line of people waiting to get in.
We wanted someplace near Frenchman Street for a decent but not expensive dinner. Coop's was it.
The atmosphere I am referring to is that of an old-time, somewhat beaten up and very much used restaurant/bar in New Orleans. The place was almost full when we entered and ended up sitting at the bar which is in the middle of the one room place. You might even sit at a table with someone you have never met before which I saw happen more than once while eating. The meat smokers are lined up in back of the place and appeared that they were in full use.
We had the Shrimp Creole and Jambalaya Supreme.
I want to say that the Jambalaya Supreme was the single best meal I had in New Orleans during the week.
The Shrimp Creole was ranked a close second place meal for the week.
We beat the "rush" by about ten minutes because people were lined up to get in Coop's.
The service was great: genuine, friendly and knowledgeable. Maybe I shouldn't say this but Coop's Place may be my new favorite New Orleans eatery. I don't want to wait in line the next time I go :)Not what we were expecting. The amount of reviews was definitely deceiving. Food was mediocre at best. I don't think I have had bad gumbo in Nola but this was the first I didn't care for. This is not a restaurant atmosphere. It's a bar that serves food.Definitely one of the best restaurants we at in New Orleans. Not pretentious, just good food. Our waiter had that great Dick's Last Resort-style of service. Gave us perfect advice on the food, and sat down to talk with us several times. I had the chicken tchoupitoulas, and it was out of this world. Rich, creamy, and perfectly cooked. We had to wait in line outside for about 30-40 minutes, but it was absolutely worth it--which is saying a lot, because I hate waiting in line, especially for food. Coop's is one of the places I will be going back to next time I'm in New Orleans.First time to NOLA.  Nice atmosphere.  The food was good.  Not so much memorable, except one dish.  IT was an appetizer.  You must try the BACON GREEN BEANS!  They are the best!!!Not much to look at but good solid food. We split the Coop's taste plate twice. Gives a good taste oaf everything for a reasonable price.This place is kind of a hole in the wall type place in the French Quarter. The food is outstanding. We ordered over 6 dishes and every one was exquisite. Highly highly recommended!!Standing outside to wait to eat at a 80's party bar is odd to even me. The tea was good. I ordered the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and fried chicken.....prepare to wait for your food for 15-20 minutes. 
The fried chicken was amazing! The burgers looked good passing by tooAgain, another place I was psyched to eat at and just disappointed.  First, they were out of EVERYTHING - the waiter: "no fried chicken and no pasta dishes, so... what do you want". I guess we'll get the jambalaya.  Kind of bland jambalaya came out. My bf ate half of it.  My bf eats EVERYTHING.
Sad.One of my top 5 eating experiences in my life! Amazing sausage jumbolaya, fried shrimp spicy greatness! I'm there every time I go to New Orleans. Simple, no frills, just really good, roll your sleeves up, finger lickin awesomeness! - I discovered it by asking a taxi driver "where do you eat?"  - I want to keep it a secret, but why?20-30 minute wait to get seated. Luckily there's a bar right next door (Molly's at the Market) that you can get some drinks at while you wait in line to eat here. We finally got seated and all their drinks are waaayyy overpriced. Their food is decently priced for what you get ($5-15). Everything was tasty but not overwhelming. Worth trying once, but I doubt I'd go back.Ok food, but the service is horrible, they have zero concerns for costumers' needs. All the service personnel were very rude.Best Cajun flavors I've experienced since being in NoLa. Started with Fayes bloodys which are perfectly spiced. The place is dark and dive bar-esque and not many tables, but has a unique, gritty vibe. We got the crab meat stuffed jalapeno poppers... Whoa. Creamy, sweet and spicy and melt in your mouth. Have a horse radish and Cajun sauce for dipping and cucumbers to mellow out the spice. Delicious. The sampler plate is definitely the way to go if you've never eaten here, or if you're looking for the perfect Cajun swirl of flavors. Shrimp creole, rice and red beans and jambalaya. Add $3 to make it supreme... Worth it. Best jambalaya I've ever had. Finally found that New Orleans flair I've been looking for. Will be back.Shrimp po'boy at Coop's Place. Heart be damned. Gigantic cheap eats. Decent. Would definitely go back to try more. Not something I'd say about most places in that area.Awesome Gumbos, can't go wrong here!! Amazing Jambalaya Supreme - it's a lot of protein and it's not soupy although that would have made it especially good though.  We waited outside for dinner around 8 PM for about 45 minutes.  It was worth the wait though! Oh, don't pull your phone out at the table, you'll be told to put it away. 21+ ONLY.A real dive bar with crappy food.  Our meals were dry and sad.  Service was crappy.  There should not be a line out the door here.  We won't be back.One of our favorite places to eat in New Orleans. Great food at great prices.Wow. wow. Wow. Why can there not be a really good authentic Creole restaurant in every american city. If you can get Sushi, Korean, Thai and Indian food in every god forsaken city, why can't you get Creole food which is New Orleans Cuisine and hence is part of the American cuisine. 
Word of advice to my American friends: Next time a foreigner tells you that American food is bland, send that guys ass to New orleans.
Anyway, coming to Coops. I do not have words to tell you how lucky I am to have eaten here in my lifetime. There are very few meals a man remembers for a very very long time. I remember a Dinner I ate with my wife in Phuket, Thailand and I will remember Coops. That's all I have to say.If I could give 0 stars I would. First off, our waiter had fully admitted to being an asshole after he already was completely rude. When ordering I wanted to get fried shrimp and Judah (our waiter) literally told me not to get that and that I was wrong for ordering it. Then it took over 40 minutes for our food to come which consisted of pan fried chicken and shrimp (both of them do not take 40 minutes...). He never once asked us if we wanted anything else to drink other than water, and did not check on us for about 30 minutes. Once we got our food, it was not good. Our food was cold and some of it over cooked. When Judah asked how everything is, one person said the chicken wasn't very good and when she was there a previous time it was much better. He said "what do you want me to do about it?". Very rude. Not only did he continually blame any issue on everyone but himself, he was very  disrespectful when we answered him truthfully. He proceed to just throw the comp-ed ticket on the table and walk away. To make matters worse, when we asked to for the manager and spoke for him, he just told us that this place was known for being that way and made excuses to.    Do not go here. I understand that it is a trend to be sarcastic and sassy with customers but this place was ridiculously disrespectful and did not care if customers  leave unhappy.Disregard all negative reviews. This is a great place with friendly staff and delicious food. Coops taste plate is a great way to try all of the delicious New Orleans cuisine they have. The oyster po'boy was overflowing with fried oysters. I can't stress enough how friendly the waitress was, she was helpful with recommendations and attentive to all of our needs. Definitely a must go when you visit NOLA.Our dinner server recommended my friend and I to go to this place for a late night snack and their jambalaya.  A bit intimidating when you first walk into the bar with guys at the bar who look like they are half drunk. But the female server was friendly and attentive. We ordered the jambalaya pasta because their regular jambalaya is cooked with rabbit meat. And the pasta was surprisingly GOOD! They put a lot of garlic in there and the sausage was great!  Recommended for late night snack and drink.Came in after reading the reviews, tho we were more in search of brews than eats. The bar was cool, fits the dive bar review. Loved seeing the chilled jaeger machine. Beer selection was above average for our New Orleans experience but still meh. Got a little worried with the warm mayo on the counter with the hot sauce and salt & pepper, people seemed to be enjoying their food but we moved on after a few drinks.They only had 1 server, but in the typical LA sense, she was able to take care of the whole joint without getting flustered.  She had a great sense of humour, and chastised  at the cook for not bringing me my taste plate on time.  There were local regulars in the bar (which was a definite plus) and the servings were huge.  My friend ordered the cajun pasta which was amazing and as I said I ordered the taste plate.  The gumbo was good, the jambalaya was ok, the red beans and rice was bland, and the fried chicken was awesome.  Perfect batter, moist chicken.  I left full and satisfied.Probably the best place I ate at the whole entire trip. We went here on a Saturday night and there was a line forming outside the door. The wait was about 10 minutes...if you have a large group then expect to wait a little longer. This place is not for picky eaters or people who aren't openminded to the ruggedness ambience of this place. The server will tell you to put your phone down and enjoy a conversation with the person across from you. The food was amazing!! I highly recommend Opelousas and the jambalaya supreme. Good cheap food (Under $10 a dish) which is a score after blowing all your money at bourbon st and the casino.I'll leave the sarcasm at the door here since the wait staff has this in spades. It's a bar. It's a dive and it's small, grungy and dirty. But the food is spectacular. I went with the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and it was like nibbling on that forbidden fruit in that sacred garden. Eyes darting around frantically expecting to get caught.
My friends ordered the sampler platter that had a bit of everything. You can't go wrong with ordering anything here but if it is your first visit, I'd recommend going with that sample platter.
I will come back.Amazing food! Absolutely the best fried chicken and thats what all the locals will tell you! Every we ate was amazing ! Great drinks and responsibly priced everything !!! A must stop while in the quarterThis is the only place I've ever been that a waiter took away my cellphone camera, as I was taking a picture, telling me I'm not a teenage girl. He also told my husband that he could not order a Budweiser, because he could drink that at home. The food was fine, although almost every other restaurant I've been to in NOLA was better.Ever been to Dick's Last Resort? Ya it's just like that. The server's have personality and they're not afraid to poke fun at you in a respectable way, so make sure your party isn't thin skinned. The food is good, but won't wow you. I'd say avoid everything fried since you can get that anywhere in NOLA. Everyone in our group got a dish and two beers and paid $14 each. One thing to know is that they'll only take one credit card per party. It's a dive bar, so consider that before coming and you'll love it.Amazing spot! Soft shelled crab, gumbo, fried chicken, jambalaya...it was all incredible. Great service and prices to boot. Great placeVery satisfied.  The kitchen is open late, the service is friendly and attentive, no kids are allowed and the drinks are strong!  
We had the fried chicken (both dark and white) pieces and it was cooked perfectly. Fried okra was a special of the day and they nailed it. Light batter and no extra oil at all.  Red beans and rice as well as jambalaya for our sides rounded out the meal and both are recommendations. We came in early mid-week and had no wait at all, but the lunch crowd arriving when we left looked hungry.  
Good juke box too!This is the worst place to go and eat at! Ms. Laura was EXTREMELY RUDE! We had two cards we wanted to pay with and she would not allow that to happen! I As an African American here on a tourist trip I DO NOT  appreciate the secondary, second class citizen treatment given to myself or my entourage traveling with me! She did not make it known to us there was a one card policy when it comes to paying! It is not okay to have individuals come and dine in your business and not have this "rule" visibly made known or displayed. In the restaurant industry it is not okay to not be customer service oriented. When I come to this city, I will not be dining here EVER again! I definitely would not recommend this establishment to other visitors. I understand there is a policy for any restaurant when it comes to checking IDs, but my fellow traveling mates were ostracized and made public examples of her debaucherous approach to make it known that she felt the others were not of appropriate age to enter the establishment. Again I feel there was a better approach that could have been taken to help alleviate the means of handling such a process. 
Signed,
A disturbed visitor to your place of business.Coop's is next door to Molly's and has pretty good Creole food at good prices.  The gumbo is good here, with lots of okra instead of file.  Don;t be afraid of anything on the menu.This is the spot for authentic New Orleans the Bbq Shrimp with bread is the most favorable sauce I've tasted.  The French Dish is awesome too.  Great service friendly people.I went here twice during my road-trip last summer. It is a definite diamond in the rough that looks like a dive bar but ended up having some of the best food I had in New Orleans. I got seafood gumbo one trip and fried chicken the second time. That was some heavenly fried chicken.It's 3:30 am, yer hungary, yer loaded, and yer in the FQ. It's either Coops or Verte mart. Either is better than you deserve, (ya lowlife ya)...Coop's has an awesome Duck Jambalaya it will get you back in shape. Nice folks and pleasant atmosphere. Go.I got the jambalaya supreme, my girlfriend got the red beans and rice with the smoked sausage both, exceeded our expectations! The atmosphere was top-notch in the bloody Mary's were killer! I would definitely recommend this place to someone looking for authentic, and delicious, Cajun food!The worst service we've ever experienced before even walking in the door.  It's unfortunate as Coops has been a favorite stop every year and never again.  The host was so incredibly rude and had a chip on his shoulder and unfortunately decided to take it out us tonight.Two stars because the food is good but the staff here is so rude that I would never come back. Stay away! It took 10-15 minutes after sitting down to get a menu, then another 10-15 minutes to get a drink. The waitress was very curt with my friend and I from the beginning. Prior to ordering, we informed her that we were traveling for business with different companies so we would have to pay separately. She informed us that she couldn't split the tab, but she could print us two recipients. Once  he check came, we proceeded to give us our two cards to pay half each, and she tell us that we cannot do that, which she did don't tell us from the beginning. We then asked to speak to the manager and she informed us that she is the manager then walked away. She then left and started whispering with the lady at the bar. She never came back to the table, but sent two different people to the table. We just ended up paying with once card, and when we walked out on of the waitresses yells "leave a comment in the comment box!" Extremely rude and I would stay away from this place!!!!Visiting for a few days and my boyfriend's daughter had raved about this place and their fried chicken. He ordered the 2-piece chicken and I had an oystet Po'Boy and a cup of jambalaya.  Initial service was promp but deteriorated from there. Boyfriend was happy with his chicken but had had better here in NOLA before. My sandwich was excellent, with plenty of perfectly fried oysters and the seafood jumbalaya very flavorful: except that I had to eat it with a fork. There was never an opportunity to ask for a spoon and the place wasn't all that busy. We also would have happily ordered a few more beers, no luck.Best fried chicken in a month, I'm from the D and I don't mean Dallas and it was better than momma make.Authentic dive bar with great food!  Jambalya and spicy bloody mary are the hangover cures!Though I have not been here in some time, this is FAR from my first check in. Used to be a staple dinner date for me and my wife when we lived in the Quarter. Menu is still awesome, as is the atmosphere. Thanks for not changing!!.  Oh, it is a bit more expensive. Okay a LOT more expensive, but what isn't?!?!View was great. Service was a little slow. Food was better than what you'd get in Pier Parks big chains. Overall really good experience.Since we are in NOLA, we felt like we should have some fried chicken after many meals of gumbo and seafood.  We got there around 9pm and there is a short line at the door.  We have only waited for a few minutes for our table.  Based on the yelp reviews, we ordered the lamb ribs, 3 pieces of fried chicken, and a combo plate.  The lamb ribs are a huge disappointment.  It looks more like pork ribs and it's super fatty.  The major turnoff is that they are lukewarm.  I had one bite and basically toss the rest away.  Don't waste your money on this.  The fried chicken is ok.  Not exactly pipping hot, but it's ok temperature and crispy.  Hubby likes the jambalaya.  I didn't try it as it has rabbit sausage in it.  It kinds of gross me out.  Hubby had a local beer and I had an Amber Cider which I enjoy very much.  Why 4 stars?  Toward the middle of our meal, one of the guys there was holding a stack of cell phones (at least 6 - 8 phones) and yelled, "ladies and gentlemen, you are eating with your friends and family.  Talk to them!  Talk to your neighbors!  Put away your phone as I WILL take it away!"  LOL.  So true!!  All servers are super nice and friendly.  I would go back for this lovely dive bar for the drinks and fried chickens!Good food. Had the Taste Plate...delicious! Only issue was that when paying our bill, it couldn't be split up for our group.With Benson L. and Brian L. running me around town, we tried to give this NOLA favorite one more try.  My first experience was eh... and actually had someone respond back with some colorful language with respect to my comments about the bartender. 
When we got  there we again had trouble finding a parking spot but when we got there this time it was alive and jumping.  It was right before the dinner rush so we tried to negotiate for a bigger table, but were told that the big table was reserved for parties of 5 or more (important point)  This time there was no cat in the window, but as we were waiting for our drinks to come in walked another party of 3 and were seated at the table where which we were just minutes earlier were told was reserved for 5...
Our drinks were out in a jiffy and our waiter seemed somewhat annoyed at the noise level but quickly took our order.   As we were enjoying our cups of gumbo, POOF there goes my drink all over the table. (another important fact)  I thought it was because the table we were seated at was too small and would have been better saved for a party of two but Benson and Brian found it hilarious and continued to laugh at my predicament.
I asked the waiter for some more water and he quickly brought it to our table.   I again had the taste of New Orleans sample plate (**** stars) but this time ordered a second piece of chicken.  While we waited for our meals I had two close calls with my drink and I was trying to be careful but while the waiter was serving us our meals POOF there goes my water yet again.!!! 
Just as before, the chicken was perfectly cooked and this time the jambalaya and beans and rice had a earthly and flavorful taste to them.  
WARNING:  Come early or be prepare to wait outside the door in line for anywhere from 20-45 minutes.  This place has a bar type atmosphere and don't be surprised if you see people finishing their meal and staying longer while they toss back a couple beers before leaving the table.Had to try to eat while the bartender argued with street people for 10 minutes right beside me.  FYI, bartender, If two gentlemen come to your crowded bar carrying giant cans of Four Loco, don't want to order anything and just want to watch the game, THEY DON'T BELONG THERE!"Meh.  I've experienced better."  Good summation.
I had a rabbit and sausage jumbalaya, I believe.  It was OK.  First word that comes to mind is bland.  Second word is boring.  Third is, "Why'd I wait in line for THIS?"
OK food.  Long wait for it.  Doesn't make much sense to me...Coop's place was a mixed bag. The sampler was a good way to get a taste for everything but the only part we really liked on it was the jambalaya. The chicken/shrimp tchoupitoulas was excellent though...nice heat on the chicken sauce and on the beans (photos attached).We waited in line for about 40 minutes to get a table.  Being from DC, I'm used to waiting that long, so I wasn't too bothered by it.  I wish we had thought of the idea of grabbing something to drink while we were waiting.
They had some of the higher end Abita beers (Andygator, Turbo Dog, etc.), which was a nice plus.
The service wasn't rude and was reasonably fast.
I got the tasting platter: a cup of seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, cajun fried chicken, red beans & rice with sausage, and rabbit & sausage jambalaya.  The seafood gumbo was good.  I enjoyed the variety of critters in it, from crab leg to oyster; however, the broth was just alright (I don't think they used a brunette roux.).  The cajun fried chicken was pretty good (not too greasy, not too dry), but I would have liked a little more seasoning.  The remaining dishes were all pretty good flavor-wise, but one of them was a bit cold.  (Wtf?!?)
Overall, this was an above-average meal, but far from the best I've had of any of the types of dishes I ate there.This is a decent spot but not amazing at all. The vibe is like a bar and the food matches the vibe. Good location but that's it.Seriously cool and laid back place. Great music and fantastic food. The atmosphere and staff are just as laid back and chill - it's like being a place where everybody knows your name. Not a stranger here. The food was delicious. Red beans and rice with fried chicken was what I got - off the charts !! My hubby got the taste of everything and I grabbed a bite of the jambalaya and OMG it was so good. I also snagged a fried shrimp from my friend and again DELICIOUS !! Can't go wrong here.Coop's serves really delicious food.  I ate here on a Friday night and there was a short wait to be seated.  This restaurant is pretty small, not a lot of seating.  I had the pasta jambalaya and it was so incredibly flavorful!  This place also makes its own homemade salad dressings which are good as well.  This place looks a bit like a dive bar from the outside, very cozy dining atmosphere.  This was hands down was of my most delicious meals during my stay in Nola.Great tiny no frills bar that serves up home style Cajun food in a very chill atmosphere. If you're going for the first time, grab the sampler platter. Though the po'boys were overflowing with fried shrimp and looked good too. 
The servers were very efficient so the line moved pretty quickly despite there only being 50 or so seats. Reasonably priced beer and specific drink menu, but as Mardi Gras was early this year we ordered hot toddies, which were both tasty and STRONG.
Both the bathrooms and kitchen are out the back door (and outdoors) of the bar, so best to avoid the tables by the two-way swinging doors if you can.I love this little place! Everyone in our group loved their dishes. I had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya which was the best I ever had.Love. Love. Love.
Chicken Tchoupitoulas? The stuff of dreams.
I dream of you, Coop's place. You'll always be in my heart, and I don't just mean the grease that's hardening my arteries.This place is fricking awesome. The food is great and the atmosphere is, shall I say, unique. 
First, the food, is really good. Legit creole cuisine and extremely well priced.  We got a bunch of different plates recommended from Bob. I actually thought the crab claws were the best things we ate in Nola. The Cajun pasta and fried chicken was also amazing. 
Atmosphere is quite loud. Drink, get drunk, and eat some good food. Our server, Bob, was an extremely unique character. His personality is not for the feint of heart. He'll drop some racist jokes, but it's all in good fun. 
We actually went here twice on our recent trip to Nola because it was so good. Next time I'm in town I'll definitely be back.In a Sea of amazing places to eat in NOLA this place simply kicks Ass!  A little local place with simply the best Jumbalaya.  ( No Offense Emiril)  Sit up at the bar and enjoy the spice!I tried true Cajun/Creole food here for the first time and I'm glad I did. I got the sampler meal for a price that cannot be beat. Everything was delicious but I wasn't thrilled with the pulled pork (but that may be a personal aversion I have to the taste of pork.) Wait staff was solid but not particularly noteworthy. Fried chicken and gumbo was great. Gumbo is for those who can tolerate a lot of spice only.Went around 5:30pm on a Tuesday afternoon, no line, got a seat right away. Toilets are out in the back and kinda gross. The lady serving us was very friendly and the service was fast. She did however forget our order of Abitas but it was promptly brought out when we reminded her. Went out for a smoke while we were waiting and not even a full cigarette later, the lady came out to tell us our food arrived. There's free wi-fi here for those who have out-of-town smart phones. I ordered the fried chicken with red beans and rice. It was delicious! I thought it tasted better than Fiorella's. My bf ordered the chicken as well but with the rabbit jambalaya. I had a taste of it and it was also delicious. Portions are massive! Highly recommended. 
Note: If you're planning to eat here with people under the age of 21, go somewhere else. They don't let 'minors' in the place.Absolutely my favorite place to eat in New Orleans!! Everything on their menu is epic! Please try the seafood pasta, you can thank me later! We also had the duck quesadilla, and the crab stuffed jalapeños! Wow, just wow. All my foodie peeps, this is the spot! Enjoy :)On my last day in NO, I wanted to check out Willie Mae's, but there was too many logistical factors that made me opt out for an alternative. So I decided to check out Coop's for fried chicken.  I ordered to go.  The fried chicken was cooked well and not overly greasy, but it had none of the sensational flavor I expected.  It was disappointing, but the expectation level was high.  Now the accompanying rabbit & sausage jambalaya was flavorful and overall fantastic.  It had great texture and consistency and smelled wonderful.  In the end I was too full to give a fair eval on the cole slaw.  It is a good lunch spot.Ok...  This place.  This place is worth the line.  I was so tired of the theatrics!  Every decent restaurant had a line and the food was like...  nothing really blew me away.
Here however, I was impressed. One of the few places that lived up to the hype.
I had the coop's taste plate.  Seafood gumbo, Rabbit and Sausage (yes i ate rabbit and it was awesome) jambalaya, shrimp creole and fried chicken!  Bomb bomb bomb bomb!   I wish I could say something original about this place.
I can't.  It's great.
Come!  worth the wait.This was our first stop prior to hitting up Bourbon Street on our first night in NOLA. We shared the Taste Plate plate, which came with fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice, shrimp creole, and gumbo. The gumbo was pretty good, but everything else was just okay.
The restaurant has a very casual and divey feel to it, which we liked. Service was nice, and the restaurant was chill overall.Best fried chicken & shrimp I've had for awhile.
Gumbo was good.
Beer was cold.
Service was ok.
Sit @ bar if you can.
Be prepared to wait if you hit it wrong but it's worth it.
Divey, dingy place so if you have delicate sensibilities, leave this place to us grimy, low mofos who love great food @ a decent price...i'm sorry, but this place was a huge disappointment.
you just show up and form a line in hopes that you'll be seated soon. fine. that's not even why my experience made me bitter. we were seated relatively quickly, close to the door.
our waiter, though nice, couldn't hear anything we were saying, probably because it was so loud. he also didn't tend to us very well, probably because it was packed and he was taking care of so many other people. there was lots of waiting. in fact, it was a dining experience that lasted over two hours because it was so slow.
at 8PM on a thursday night, there were lots of unavailable menu items. no blackened redfish, no blackened chicken, no marinated crab claws..
so i ended up going with the rabbit and sausage jambalaya, which was really just okay. the consistency was fine, but they weren't generous with the meat. and while i love spices, i found the dish to be difficult to eat because the flavors were all overwhelming and didn't work well together. let me put it this way: the jambalaya i had at camp hope was better than what i got at this place.
two of my friends both got the shrimp étouffée and after eating the few pieces of shrimp, didn't finish the dish because they didn't like it. another friend of mine got the chicken tchoupitoulas and cleaned up his place, so i assume he enjoyed it.
the best part of the meal were the fried crab claws and the abita, which i'm sure i can find at a better place the next time i hit up new orleans.
also, separate checks don't happen at here. just a note that could be helpful.This was by far our favorite place to eat in the city.  Everything we had was so delicious and the vibe was very chill.  We found out it was a pretty well known local place so we loved that it wasn't very touristic.  The food was delicious.  I think I loved the crab claws, red fish and fried chicken more than anything but omg, everything was just delicious.  We will definitely be visiting Coops on our next stop into the city.Place was small but crowded so that was a good sign! Food was excellent! Best Cajun place we ate at on our 4 day trip. If you're looking to cool off, def. not the place to go. Great hole in the wall!All, I realize the Coop's Place has a less than four star rating but you know what, I was beyond impressed. This is a VERY casual place so don't be expecting to dress up.
I stayed at the Prince Conti Hotel and I asked one key question - where is a place known for their JAMBALAYA. Guess what, it exceeded my expectations.
Just to be clear, we usually don't like spicy food. However, whatever Coop's Place did, the hotness brought out the FULL flavors of the food. Now that's how I appreciate spicy food.
We had the following:
+ SUPREME Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya: their traditional Creole rice dish, simmered with tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, local seasonings, boneless rabbit, smoked pork sausage, shrimp, and tasso.
+ Shrimp Dinner: their dish seasoned with their bayou blend and served with French fries and coleslaw.
OMG, rabbits? tasso? so good. From California, I thought shrimp doesn't get any better ... but it does ... it is flavorful and delicious.
Again, WE WILL BE BACK and we will recommend to our friends and family.
P.S. Yes, do bring your ID since they check for everyone to be over 21.Easy and Laid back are the best words to describe Coop's Place.
Great beer selection, decent food that is served very late [at least for this part of the Quarter] and a friendly neighborhood vibe help to make this a spot you just want to hang in all night. Try the fried chicken over the Oyster Po Boy
The decor is a bit odd. The music is a bit eclectic. The staff is a bit surly. Great find in NOLA.
Food 4
Decor 3
Service 4
Other open late 5A dive bar with a food reputation so good that folks stand outside in line for the chance to eat there. We arrived at 730 on Sunday, party of 2, accidentally got in line at the u turn of the line and were inside within 30 minutes. 
It's small and relatively quiet inside given the drunkles walking around outside and waiting in line. There is an intense protocol, the host and waitress have their rules and tell you what to do. The food takes a long time to come out of the kitchen, I believe that at least part of which is outside, I saw it when I went out back for the restroom. It's best to just go with the wait because the food is worth it. 
We got the seafood gumbo and the new years soup (black eyed peas, ham and cabbage). Both were phenomenal, and I don't even like seafood. The broth for the soup was delightfully peppery. After a while we received our meals, fried chicken with coleslaw and rabbit sausage jambalaya for me and shrimp remoulade salad for Dara. Mine was among the best fried chicken I've ever had, the coleslaw was creamy and oniony, the jambalaya was so effing great. Spicy and flavorful, really great with the coleslaw. The salad dressing was mustardy and made in house. Gotta go back for the duck quesadilla this summer! 
There's a jukebox!! 
Accessibility notes: gendered, not wheelchair accessible restrooms, tables are pretty close together, seating is a mix of standard chairs, tall chairs and bar stools. No stairs.Best fried shrimp po' boy I had in my entire trip to NOLA!The food at this place is sooooooo good & it was all found by an accident & been coming back since. It started one late night when the cooks were getting off work & 1 cook cooked us a piece of chicken to get us to come back the next day & that crispy juicy chicken was the hook that got us.
The red beans & rice is a must have and if you're torn between the chicken or sausage I suggest get the chicken with a side of sausage & be prepared to share. My favorite app is the crab stuffed jalapeños with the horseradish sauce also get the supreme jambalaya with the rabbit in it you won't be disappointed & if so blame your taste buds or maybe lack of alcohol in your system after all you're in the N.O.The only edible items are the jambalaya (out of this world amazing) and fried chicken. Everything else is borderline appalling.Best Jamabalya I've had in my life.  My wife enjoyed the gumbo.  I even came back on the day of my flight to ensure I brought more back home...it was that good.  I came here at 10:30pm on  Saturday, Jan. 23, (recommended by local Ghost tour guide).  Place was full, but we merely waited a few minutes for a table.  Its a simple bar, not some high fancy restaurant.  Food was brought quickly and as ordered.  Prices were affordable...good size jamabalya dish for $12.  Will come here againLet me first start by saying that I've reviewed only seven or eight (roughly) restaurants on yelp in the several years that I have been yelping. All of which I have given them 4 stars or higher. I really wanted to like this place because it was relatively cheap and the food didn't look bad but I couldn't. I was here less than a week ago on vacation when I was placed at the bar with my girlfriend. I kindly asked to switch spots because there was about five to ten flies sitting on the cups that the bartenders used to serve people. She responded "NO" I waited another five minutes when I really couldn't stand how many flies and bugs were on and near the table where food was served. I kindly asked again that I wanted to move to a different spot and that I'd sit anywhere (at least 4 open tables) and the blonde bartender said no I can't do that. After the food had been ordered, I went to the bartender for the third time and told her that I will not be eating here and that you can cancel my food. I will never stop by this place again. If it is ok to have flies and bugs all over the glasses that are served to people then this is not the place for me. I can't imagine how the kitchen looks.Coops used to be the go to place for great local food.  Since we live in NOLA but not the Quarter it's usually a pain getting down there, finding a place to park and then fighting the line.  But for the most part it's all been worth the effort.  While previous reviews for this gem of a whole in the wall were consistently 4's or an occasional 5, I suppose all good things must come to an end.  The charm of surly service is pretty much a trademark for this place.  You can find equally grumpy servers at a variety of local places, but one particular serve takes attitude to a whole new level, and to be honest it's become a little tiresome.  More on her later.
First the good news--the Blood Mary's are still great, the beer is cold and the cocktails get you where you need to be for a good meal.  It has a pretty good vibe and a cozy feel.  But for the uninitiated, just know that it is really a dark, sticky-floored bar that serves food.  
Now for the bad--the fried chicken has always rocked here.  I've always thought it superior to Willy Mae's and other local gems.  It usually came out hot, well seasoned and nice proportions.  Not so much anymore.  I noticed on my most recent visit that a couple adjacent to me at the bar had chicken delivered.  I was shocked at not only the size of the breast and wing but the entire entree appears to have shrunk by about 30%.  I ordered the chicken nevertheless.  I was disappointed beyond words.  The miniature chicken pieces served to the couple to my right weren't anomalies, this was the new norm.  Damn!  Digging into the nicely browned scoop of jambalaya I was rudely greeted with a mouthful of cold food.  Damn again!  How hard can it be to make sure that food that comes out of the back is hot.  Or at least warm.   
What I did notice was that maybe there had been a change in the kitchen.  The tattooed chef that I was used to seeing in and out of the back was absent.  Maybe he was off.  Maybe he no longer works there.  In any event, the kitchen misses him.  As do I.
With respect to the service, let's just say those of us who have gone there for years know what to expect, and we accept it.  We know the names of virtually all of staff, and without being too specific, let's just say the former table server who has now moved behind the bar perhaps has done her service to mankind and should move on to some sort of avocation more suited to her disposition.  Like maybe an IRS auditor.  Or a proctologist.  Or a prison guard.  
On our last two visits, she oddly seemed to have brief periods of congeniality like showing most recent pics of her 3 year old.  But be forewarned, don't be lulled into a false sense of comfortability.  She can change in a flash.  And she does.  With great regularity.  It's not cute any more sweetie.  And there's medicine for those afflicted with bi-polar issues; get some.  Most times she's just surly and you can mostly ignore it.  Other times she is outright unapologetically rude, as in nasty, as in back talking and snapping at customers like a petulant 5 year old having a hissy fit.  And a special note to new comers, if you visit while a Saints game is on TV be prepared for a special dose of vitriol when things don't go well for the Black and Gold.  And you pay for this "show".
Will we go back?  Probably because we are not only gluttons for punishment but always optimistic that things will change for the better.  But the owner should know that even that half filled glass can be emptied and smashed onto the floor.  There are too many great places to eat in this city without settling for "just okay" food and very unhappy employees.  Fix it.Coop's was the first restaurant we ate on our trip to New Orleans.  What a welcome!!!!!!  The food was fantastic. The only thing better was the service.  I had a roasted duck quesadilla that has to be the best thing I have ever eaten.  I also had a rabbit and sausage jambalaya that brought tears of joy to my eyes.  The best dining experience to date.  If you ever visit New Orleans eat at Coop's.  It will not disappoint!!!
To top it off, I have a shell fish allergy.  When I told the waitress she and the chef to decided to prepare my food on a different grill to prevent cross-contamination.   I would recommend Coop's Place to anyone!!!Tried to experience this place. Was quite busy when we tried... waited 15 min for someone to come over so decided to see if we could sit at the bar. Experienced a gruff wait staff that pretty much ended it. Glad we never ate there - raw meat thawing in the alley behind the restaurant near the restrooms. All covered but still...Coop's was one of a few restaurants recommended by a New Orleans native who now lives in New York City.  We were lucky enough to get a meal there last year during Labor Day which was very memorable.  The rabbit jambalaya was terrific as was the duck quesadilla.  My dining companions thanked me for bringing us to Coop's. We were all very satisified.  I visit New Orleans yearly and have had a chance to sample more than the typical tourist traps.  This place stood out for its ambiance and more importantly for its delicious food.  I am going back this Thursday for my yearly visit and will surely stop by for another meal.two words: Friend Chicken, a must have here
The food: My wife and I got the taste plate which features New Orleans typical dishes.  Jambalaya is good if you like things extra spicy.  The seafood gumbo is also great, packed full of flavor and spices.  The fried chicked is so good, we got extra 2 pieces after we were full!  light on breading, heavy on spices.  Crunchy on the outside, super super tender on the inside.  Green beans were laden with bacon which turned out extremely well.
The ambiance:  Everything about the place says NOLA.  The tiny little place is taken up mostly by the bar with some tables and chairs around for diners.  Everyone has smiles on their face and seem to be in jubilee.  
Parking: it's the FQ, non-existant
Overall: classic dishes done well with the typical NOLA atmosphereThe first place I ever ate in New Orleans thanks to reviews I read about it, and every time I visit the city I make sure to eat at Coops at least once.  It is a dive bar, and the staff can be surly, especially if you don't follow the rules, but that's all part of its charm.  If you just go with the flow, especially when its crowded, they will treat you well, and you will be treated to amazing Cajun food.  Have a salad with their AMAZING blue cheese dressing, then a cup of the gumbo, and finally the jambalaya supreme!  The supreme means they add tasso ham and crawdads, and those touches bring this dish to new heights.  The fried chicken is also outstanding.A dive bar turning out some amazing food!!! First of all be prepared to wait in line outside to get in. Second, be prepared to argue with you wait person about what your going to get. It's all in good fun. You'll order. They'll tell you that you don't want that. You'll counter. They'll say no. (They have an unwritten motto "How about NO") eventually you'll come to some sort of agreement about food and drinks. When it comes out of the kitchen it'll all be worth it. Some of the best fried chicken anywhere in the world. Great jambalaya. Some of the best blackened fish I've ever had. And a great drink selection. Getting to watch everyone else trying to order is all part of the show.Four and a half stars for the food......but a minus 2 for the cleanliness.   By far the worst bathroom I have ever been in the Western Hemisphere, and I'm including portapotties.  The trash can , that you have to use to prop the door shut, because the lock doesn't work, must be made out of asbestos because there are so many cigarette burns in it that it should have melted if it wasn't.  The soap is from a used kitchen squeeze bottle and the toilet bucks you about 4 inches to the side when you sit down, so you know the uck is leaking all over the floor.   A cockroach ,only a little smaller than my fist ,tried to race me back to my table,  and probably would have won if another patron hadn't gotten him.    But the jambalaya ... Excellent!   And the fried seafood appetizer... Exceptional!   It's not just a dive bar,  it's a health horror movie with excellent food.Flew in to New Orleans from Philly on a Monday night when the Eagles were playing.  Called to see if they have tvs and might the game be on.  The woman replied we are not a sports bar and hung up on me.  My concierge said its way over rated.  I'm not even giving it a shot to find out for myself.Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya was the best jambalaya I ever had. Along with cheap drinks, what more could you ask for.This place is a New Orleans must!  The wait can sometimes be a bit long, but it is completely worth it!  Also, if you come with a smaller party, at an off hour, you can get right in.  Their bloody's are killer.  My boyfriends favorite is the fried chicken.  My favorite is the rabbit and sausage jambalaya.My friend who visits NOLA pretty often suggested Coops Place once we realized that our hangover wouldn't be cured by the closed on Mondays Central Grocery.  Claiming Coops has the best fried chicken, I was more than willing to try the place.  It's a pretty divey joint and they don't split checks...but damn the fried chicken is good!  I ordered the Cajun Fried Chicken which comes with rabbit & sausage jambalaya but I thought the jambalaya was a bit mushy and slightly bland.  The chicken was moist and the skin crispy with just the right amount of spice.  I also had a slice of the duck quesadilla which was ok but the cheese and duck combo tasted odd and you couldn't tell it was duck.Came here on a friend's recommendation (lunch or late-night). Instead, we came for dinner with another couple and I was sadly regretting our decision upon receiving our meal. The meal was just OK - 
My husband and I usually love sitting at the bar to grab a drink and eat. We especially love finding little dive bars. I wish we would have opted for a table - bartender was extremely rude, had very few suggestions and really just put a sour taste in my mouth.
Also, they wouldn't even let us split the check with two cards.. and their system was slow so he mentioned we may need to go get cash out of the ATM. SERIOUSLY? 
Definitely disappointed by this evening out - I was really looking forward to dining in at Coop's.I adored this place! Complete in every way with it's rustic appeal, church pews for seating, vintage posters and decor. The ladies who are serving are true southern broads with great charm and attention. I loved the service. We order crab stuffed jalapeño poppers, rabbit & sausage jambalaya, southern cajun fried chicken, grilled pork chop & redbeans/rice! Everything was tasty as ever and the table had condiments up the wazoo! Great local beer selections from Abita & Nola beer company. I will definitely return again!I do not give more stars for a few reasons,  but let me digress:  The red beans and rice, so yummy and generous portions,  fried chicken and jambalaya, well this gal prefers arroz con pollo  Colorado style by leaps and bounds.   Why the stars?  Shitty rules,  one lady wanted to change tables and the waitress staff was Sargent Major mean.   Do not, by any means ask for special treatment, unless you like to be embarrassed..That couple left... Just in time to miss the rat come out of nowhere and run the length of the circular bar.  I wanted to buy a couple of street kids dinner, one gal didn't have ID, was rightly turned away.  We asked (while outside in line) if we could order a take out meal for her.  "No! " says the Coop's nazi ,"Not while there is a line! ".  Needless to say, dozens of people heard and saw our dilemma,  we were approached by one nice lady who saved half of her food for our  friend; and others discussed how nasty the rules are.  Army strict.   But my street friend was happy to eat his po-boy, and enjoy a beer.  I had left overs and got wonderful hugs, by a few new acquaintances.  It is not hard to be nice.   Three stars:  poor service, and Dive bar or not, didn't like the rodent rat, nor the human one.I won't say this was the best food we had on our recent trip, but it was certainly by far the best value. We had the duck quesadilla, cajun fried chicken, jamabalaya, and seafood gumbo.
The duck quesadilla was so good we had to come back the next day and order it again.   It may have been the best thing we had in New Orleans.
The rest of the food was merely excellent.  
One warning:  they don't allow anyone under 21 into the restaurant (it is, technically, a bar).  So if you have kids...switch off with your partner.My wife and I loved Coops place and would definitely go back if we make to NOLA again. I checked it out due to reviews online and got the fried chicken and jambalaya, and both were fantastic. The chicken was well seasoned, crispy skin and perfectly cooked. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya on the side was very tasty and well cooked as well and was a good portion. My wife had the Coops omelet which contained shrimp, bacon, cheese and fried oysters. The oysters absolutely made the meal and while you should be ready for the calorie bomb, I was happy that she needed me to finish it! 
I ordered a sazerac, and my wife did as well not knowing what it was - so I got 2 after she tried it (she's not a fan of rye). Fortunately they were well made and my hangover was willing. 
We got plenty of food that we loved and a couple good drinks for a reasonable price. I would definitely recommend it and return if I get the chance. Be aware that it is 21+ only with no exceptions, and it might be a bit intimidating for some since its a smaller bar that qualifies as a dive (but in the best way). Its in a fine part of town so there's no worries, though.Coop's Place is a dive bar which was recommended to me by the locals. I've had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and the gumbo. Both dishes were delicious! It is located in the French quarters nearby the French Market. Great location! PS Your entire party needs to be present in order to be sat at a table.First time in New Orleans and the food did not disappoint. We got the bayou appetizer which has an assortment of deep fried seafood. Also got thr jambalaya supreme. Everything was delicious!Look, I normally hate tourist-heavy French Quarter restaurants that have a long winding line outside but Coop's is legitimately good. The rabbit & sausage jambalaya is so smoky and satisfying and the redfish menuire will keep me coming back for a long time. The "Coop's Taste Plate" is always a safe option for those seeking "typical" New Orleans food. Service is hit or miss as this place is busy as heck but if you don't go in expecting a white-gloved Jeeves to cater to your every desire then it isn't a deal breaker. I highly recommend Coop's to all of my friends that visit town and want to stay in the FQ to eat.I can't believe the ratings aren't higher.  I will say, this whole in the wall local fav is not a white linen location by far.  This is REAL authentic SPICY as crap food but it is so good we had to go back twice.  The first day it was empty slow and we had a great time.  We got the Coops Taste Plate.  It has red beans and rice, jambalaya, a piece of cajun fried chicken, a cup of gumbo, and shrimp creole.  It was perfect for 2 before a night of drinking.  We just added a second cup of gumbo and an extra piece of chicken.  You won't regret it.  They have great local beers available but be sure you order SOMETHING good to drink because the spice is for real New Orleans flavor.As long as I've been coming to New Orleans I always try to visit Coop's. A recent visit was the same. Here as soon as I got to town.. eating a special of craw fish etouffe and some fried okra and I was almost in tears. When I am away there is just no similar food. It's OK to cry to for Coop's. Also great fried chicken, great red beans and rice. Also - awesome BAR! Nice, friendly waitstaff and bartenders.Was very excited to try their Jambalya supreme so we waited in line for 15 minutes. While waiting I decided to go to the restroom only to find out that only one bathroom was working and it happened to be the mens. It had to be the worst bathroom I have ever been in. I will refrain from even saying what was on the floor when I walked in.
Thank goodness they are directly in front if Margaritaville so I was able to use their restroom.  
After waiting for what we thought was a table we were sat in stools at the bar. Decided to order the Jambalaya supreme which looked amazing based on the yelp pictures. We also ordered the fried chicken which other reviewers said was great. Both were edible but nothing to write home about. With so many other places to have Cajun food in New Orleans I say skip this place.
Service nor food was worth waiting in a long line for.Coops and I have a long history. In all my many trips to New Orleans, Coops has traditionally been my first dinner in town since my very first time over a dozen years ago. It's where I learned what a po boy is. It's where I had my first blessed sip of Ace Pear Cider (don't go looking for it these days. Ace doesn't distribute to NOLA, though it *does* distribute to KC, woohoo!) It's where I spent many an evening or late night throwing a few back and dining on the one entree that doesn't have meat. Sure, it may be odd for a vegetarian to have fondness for a place that serves up such traditional fare (I hear their gumbo is the best), but for me, it's all about the ambiance and memories that Coops holds for me. I've send dozens of friends who were visiting town here, vowing that they had to trust me, they'd love it. And without fail, they always do. 
They say when you die, your life flashes before your eyes. Besides Woodhaven Blvd, Jones Beach, Disney World, and the L train, I have a feeling Coops will be one of the places that flashes most vividly.Great place for Jambalaya and drinks!  The Jambalaya was enough to fill our bellies, however I don't settle for just full, I go for stuffed! And...they pour stiff! Good ole NOLA.
Highlights of food:
-Jambalaya Supreme with Rabbit and Sausage: The cuter that animal, the better the taste! Except for pigs... The Tasso in the Jambalaya was my favorite (it's Cajun seasoned blackened cured ham).
-Creole green beans: Dowsed in bacon grease, but without that, it wouldn't be the same. Do share or else your heart will not forgive
- Crabmeat Jalapeno Poppers: Eh, could have been better. Poppers aren't the same without cheese. The crabmeat stuffing was little bland for my taste, however if they just added a little cheese...muah, perfecto.Judah makes this place worth it! I mean the food is good however, Judah is a true entertainer and makes the whole experience great! 
I tried the something sample platter. Very good. Again, what made this great was the delivery of the experience from beginning to end by Judah. Thank you and cheers.I got the jambalaya and thought it was the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. Might have to wait a bit since its a small spot, but totally worth it!Great food!  Very flavorful and a good amount of spice.  I like that they have unusual dishes here like the lamb ribs and duck quesadillas.  And both were delicious.  The atmosphere was playful and had fun talking to our server Judah.This place was amazing. Little hole in the wall with amazing food. This was the best meal we had while in New Orleans and was suggested to us by some locals. Get the rabbit jambalaya or the chicken paneed. Had to wait outside for a little while but it was very worth it.Great little New Orleans tavern.  Our bartender/server was super friendly and helpful.  The place has a lot of charm and a couple of cats.
The green goddess salad dressing was awesome, as was the fired shrimp and oyster po-boy.I'd wait in line again. We got here around 8 and only waited maybe 20 min. I'd do it again bc hot flavorful fried chicken is worth it. It's rare that chicken is that steamy and flavorful. Solid. My gf said, "why can't I have a bucket of legs?" Good crisp skin w well balanced noticeable flavors. I must also mention the rabbit jambalaya and coleslaw side spot on making for a plate of complimentary flavors. And the chef who brought us our food was so kind.We were told to try Coop's Place by a local. It is definitely a dive! The staff was friendly and service was great. We had the Taste Plate and the Italiano Pasta. Great flavors! Probably the best place we've eaten so far.Minimal wait outside, this place is first come first serve, we arrived around 6pm and beat the crowd just barely. The seafood pasta was great.I love this tiny bar :) very good location and seafood is really good though, plus the fantastic jambalayaWaited in line 30 minutes just to be seated.  Food is way too spicy and I like the heat.   Couldn't enjoy it.  Overcrowded.  Music is loud and cafeteria style seating.  This is a tourist restaurant so you would do better eating somewhere better.   Will not go back here or ever recommend this place.I'm a fan of hole in the wall places as sometimes you can find outstanding food.  However, Coop was a real disappointment.
We waited in line for about 30 minutes and were promptly seated when a table had opened up.  Our drink order came out pretty fast, so we thought the service can't be that bad here.  We were wrong.  After placing our order, we waited at least 40 minutes for our gumbo soup to arrive.  What annoyed us was that we saw a large party who was seated 25 minutes after us receive their entrees.  Either their order was placed ahead of ours or they forgot about us.  And to add insult, the servers didn't even bother bringing us a spoon!  So we ate it like Miso soup.  
We each ordered the Coop plate that is a sampler of the jambalaya, fried chicken, red beans, and shrimp creole.  The fried chicken was good, but the rest of the items were nothing special.  What really bothered us was the service.  We had an expectation that it wasn't good from reading previous yelp review, but this was horrible.  It took 10 minutes to get our check.  
And to the other posters who reviewed the bathroom, it is disgusting.  I can only imagine how they handle their food and dishes if their bathroom is nasty.  While their food may be cheaper than other places, the lack of service and amenities does not make up for the food quality.  It's too bad because I wanted to be a fan of this place, but ended up regretting we had out last meal here.Coop's was a very satisfying experience. My travel companion (Patrick) and I ran through the cajun and creole favs. Gumbo, jambalaya (a local suggested we get it fried and it was tasty), shrimp/oyster po boy, and green beans. The server/ bartender was a no nonsense fellow, but cordial, which I appreciate and prefer. The food runner was chatty and goofy, which I could do without in this particular case. We washed it down with an Abita Amber, of course. All in all this felt like a genuine local hang and a highlight of my time spent in New Orleans.To this day, this was the worst dining experience ever. I've been to New Orleans twice so I understand it is not the cleanest place. However, our server was extremely rude from the get go and after a long wait we were starving so chose to stay despite the attitude. Things only got worse when a COCKROACH was crawling right next to us on the wall. We freaked out and the table next to us helped kill the roach by smashing it with a mayonnaise bottle from the table. We still chose to stay until yet another roach appeared and that's when we told our waiter who just told us: "its New Orleans". Extremely rude and disgusting. As someone that worked in the food industry, BEWARE of a place where roaches will dine with you, that just means the kitchen must be straight filth and crawling with them. Oh and the mayo bottle was never taken away... despite being used to kill a roach. Way better and cleaner places to eat at all over New Orleans.This is some of the best food I've ever had in my life! And the atmosphere is awesome! This is one of those places where you will be cursed at and yelled at by the waiters, but it is so fun! My group went back two nights in a row, and by the end of the 2nd night we felt like family! Our favorite part of New Orleans by far!!!AWESOME! I'm picky, but.... FOOD was awesome. I'm a bit particular about my wine and they had one of my faves for $6/glass. I had soft shell crab special which was amazing. They were short staffed but service was still good. HIGHLY recommend!  No desserts but cafe du Mond is around the corner!So it seems popular with a long line out front and I don't know why unless everyone there it is their first time going.  We had their Tasso pasta and the crawfish fingers marinated not fried.  The food was ok. Nothing great but not bad.  The waiter was somewhat rude, refused one of the persons at the table a Bloody Mary because I guess they don't make them after it gets dark, which by the way it was not actually dark yet.  Then when we asked for his opinion about one of the dishes he said he doesn't recommend anything. After he took our order the only other time we saw him was to give us our check.  One of the other employees came over to clean up the cockroach that was crawling on the windowsill next to our table where all the hot sauces were.I don't get it... There is high recommendations and always a HUGE line.. Huge!!!!   Do when you get in your starving so maybe the food seems better than it is.?!?  Basic fried, decent flavor, decent variety, scarce staff due to the volume. They do however try to get you taken care of promptly. I felt like I had to rush to eat. Not relaxing. The price was average but did find the food to just be mediocre. The Chicken was almost undercooked, and the fries where cold in middle. I think the wait.. Being so hungry by the time you get in is a factor on how you perceive your food. The line is a waste of vacation you will never get back. If you can go as early as possible for lunch, give it a go, of you have to wait more than 6 ppl behind, give it a no.Great food in a small venue. The whole place was well managed for only having a bartender and a server on the floor. The food was great (try the Jambalaya Supreme)!
The one disappointing part was how aggressive the server was upon walking in. We stopped at a sign that said "wait to be seated" and she yelled at us "GET OUTSIDE IN LINE!" I'm sure it's a high stress job going solo but as someone who has also worked in the same line of work, her tone and choice of words was not appropriate.Like most of the other reviews have said, the seating here is insane. Its a super small restaurant and the wait gets LONG (especially for large groups- prepare to wait longer). I had a group of 3 and we got lucky and got seated in 10-15 minutes at the bar. This is definitely a casual/dive bar atmosphere. Nothing fancy or extra. You get what you order.
I ordered the Cajun Pasta (from a friends recommendation) and loved it! It had a lot of seafood (shrimp, oysters, crawfish) but was disappointed the sauce was a mild alfredo when the description said 'spicy alfredo sauce.' I tried the jambalaya too but wasn't awed by it. I've had better in NoLa. I gave this place a 3/5 because even though my pasta was pretty good it wasn't worth waiting longer for. I wouldn't wait over 15 minutes to eat here. PLENTY of other great places nearby where there is more seating.We were given advice to come here for their fried chicken.  We did, and it was FABulous.  It was so good that we came back again the next night for fried chicken.  Even waited 30 mins outside to get in.  Kat our waitress was great!  Will definitely come again when we get back to New Orleans.My favorite spot to eat in this place is at the bar.  Its the best part to see the bartenders in action while being able to people watch.  The bar here is also plenty comfortable enough to have a full meal.
This is good location to get some of that 'New Orleans' food.  I would definitely recommend sharing one of the large sampler plates with a friend.  The fried chicken here is some of the best, most juicy, fried chicken I have had in a long time.  Pair that up with a beer or three and you'll be just right.