A down and dirty bar that has so much character and so so much beer options.  Went to watch a pre-season Saints game and the crowd was lively and fun.  
Also bar food is not bad.  I got half and half po-boys and really enjoyed the oyster half (was too full to eat the catfish half but from the little I actually ate, it was tasty).  
All in all, a fun place to be.  Would like to be back.The service is TERRIBLE, the guy at the oyster bar was rude, i asked if i should pay now, he just kept saying " come back in 5 minutes" my son was shocked that he was that rude, i live in nola, will never be back or bring guests from out of town to this establishment!! shame on you for not even showing paying customers any courtesy, was it because we were non white customers, is this establishment racist!!!!I didn't realize Cooter Brown's had switched ownership until I walked up to order a sandwich. The fact that nothing else had tipped me off is a good sign; the new owners (who also own the Rusty Nail) aren't going to mess with what works--the interior, the oysters, the friendly staff, and the beer all **seem** to be the same.
Even the menu features much of the same great bar food. However, the options have been pared down considerably. And prices have gone up... I saw fried cheese curds on the menu and decided to set my reservations aside.
We ordered cheese curds, fries, a veggie burger, and a brie & bacon sandwich (minus the bacon). Everything was delicious, except for the burger which had something like salsa on it. Burgers should never have salsa, even if it is a black bean patty...
I was (and still am) a bit shocked and suspicious. Cooter Brown's offered something that few sports bars can offer: personality. And history. With so much changing in the Riverbend, I'm crossing my fingers that the new owners act more as preservationists than innovators.A good bar for the evening. You can get oysters half off after 10pm, which is great for seafood lovers like me. Awesome place to watch sports because of big TVs and if you're a Tulanian, you'll bound to see your friends there. The food was delicious as well, and you get to keep the glass cup!Super loud and rowdy inside early on a Friday afternoon.
Nice outdoor seating at picnic tables for those who want to avoid that. Tons of beers on tap was the positive in my book.One of my favorite establishments to go to whenever there's a game on. They have huge flat panels surrounding the area, and the bar food / oysters are delicious. There have been plenty of times my friends and I have gone here just for the food.
This is also the establishment in NOLA that has the largest beer selectionBest tasting, and best deal for raw oysters!!! Be sure to tip your shuckers. They'll shuck up to 1200 oysters in a day! They also have over 400 beers from around the world. Cooters's is a sports bar, so I wouldn't bring a first date there. :)The beer list is extensive and impressive. Fresh oysters are shucked at the bar and only $8 for a half dozen. The staff is friendly and attentive. The celebrity figures that hang on the wall holding themed bottles are worth the trolley ride alone. Love the place and have visited many times throughout the years.Taverne sympa; je n'ai pas eu la chance d'y manger mais j'ai goûté la bière à la fraise locale qui était très bonne! (pas trop sucrée!), pour seulement 3$ le petit verre (10oz)
Serveuse sympa, il y avait aussi un local avec qui j'ai un peu discuté et un groupe de jeunes
Large choix de bières, de toutes sortes! (fruitées, lager, IPA, etc..)
A essayer!Old school dive bar featuring some of the best oysters live or fried in town with plenty of TV's to catch a game. I highly recommend if your in the area. Did I mention the huge beer selection?Not a bad spot for a night at a sports bar considering what people tend to look for: large beer selection, big TV's, 'laxed crowd.
I think their beer is overpriced ($5 for a pint), but with over 400 to choose from (and 40 on tap), it can be an experience for beer connoisseurs.
Food is a ok.  I ordered the fried oyster platter ($13) which was...really fried.  Tasty, but combined with fried potatoes, and garlic bread DRENCHED in oil, i was afraid for my heart.  
Oh, I was SO mad to find out that they serve raw oysters for dirt cheap, but it wasn't on the menu.   They looked huge, so you should def order that over the fried oysters!
Another thing is that you can't order your food and drink in the same area.  Food must be purchased when you first come in, and drinks at the bar, then you have to go back and pick up your food when your number appears on the screen....a process that can be a bit annoying.
I'd come back w/ the right crowd, but def not for a date.Only been once but excited to go again. I had the bayou philly and it was delicious and big. $13 for it, but it did include seafood. Keep in mind that they usually will not allowed anyone under 21 to enter the restaurant or eat inside.Raw oysters, beer, fried shrimp, oh yeah!
The beer was super cold, with great selections. Lots of tv's and they put my Cardinals game on.  The raw oysters were perfect and shucked on the spot.  We also ordered a fried seafood platter (I'd not pay the upcharge for the soft shell crab again, they only gave us one) the shrimp was good, the fish and oysters were great and the fries were home made.  This is my kind of place!i visited with a friend(local) enjoyed the service with a smile, the food(had oysters), trivia which was fun! and the fact that if the bar cant make it, they didnt mind that i got a daquiri from across the grassy knoll...(the rest of my party were beer drinkers and they were happy with their selection! ) 
dining is very casual...darkwood booths, and open tables... and fun...on trivia night...
i will be back next time i'm in NOLA...Great place. Worth the hike out there. Too bad not many tourists make it out here. Just leave them in the French quarter getting drunk on $5 hurricane 1/2 gallons I guess.
Great oysters, great price
Great beer, tons of choice
Can't really say anything different than what everyone else says. I'm not a big sports fan, but damn that's impressive to see so many TVs.  I've never seen so many different sports games on at the same time in my life.  Like being in a Best Buy show room.
Great dive bar.  Great excuse for tourists to escape the trap of the French quarter.  Since it was pouring rain that day, we were by far the only tourists in there.  Well worth the soggy socks afterwards from all those puddles.Went here for lunch with a huge group of people. I guess there was only one cook there that day so he was a little overwhelmed. I went to pick up my po'boy and got snapped at when I asked a question. Ummm, ok. Think this was he first time I've ever been snapped at at a restaurant. So not cool. On the plus side, my oyster po'boy was very good. This place is full of Tvs so would be great to watch a game here. Not awesome service though.Great local sports bar just packed during sporting events especially football season. I am a visitor from out of town and food is delicious. They get a four store due to seating arrangments .Local Hangouttttttttt!
Go here for watching sports.  We went last night to watch Monday Night Football (Saints vs. Eagles) and loved the atmosphere.  It's got lots of TVs and great energy.  (See my pic of the TVs.  Whoa)    You'll here Who Dat cheers and lots of heated opinions on refs' calls.  FUN STUFF!!!
Now to food, yes, eat here.  I wish I would have taken a pic of the menu, but no worries.  You can pull it up on their helpful website.  Husband and I did halfsies on the "Radiator's Special" and the 1/2 Muff + a side of fries.  Nice portions.  Delicious flavor.  Quick service.  Just.  What. You. Want.  YAY!
Beer!  Lots and lots of selection on beers inclusing several on tap.  I especially love how the menu calls out which are "local".  I also love how they have a water station.  I am a water-a-holic especially when having other beverages.  I so wish all other bars did this.  I hate bothering bartenders for water.  
This place is especially cool for us now that we live in San Francisco.  It brings all the elements I love about New Orleans together in one spot.
It's solid.  Go here.Came to this place mainly because it was a 5 min streetcar ride from my place in New Orleans. I was disappointed when I came in because they didn't have there regular menu available but a limited menu because of Mardi Gras. You order your food at register, find a table, then your buzzer will ring when your food is ready. I had the buffalo wings (good), beer battered fries (excellent, I'm still thinking about them days here), and my one experience with a muffuletta was here. Now I here a muffuletta is suppose to be prepared cold but here it's hot. I also hate olives and a lot of people will say the olive salad makes the sandwich but I must admit the sandwich here is excellent and on point and a must try as well. Along with a vast draft beer selection (over 60 for sure) and the best staff I ran into period in New Orleans (and trust me I visited a lot of places) and you have a pretty good to great place.Wide selection of beers and the food is great. The buffalo chicken sandwich turned out to be slightly salty though.Nigh-incredible menu of beers, bottles, cans, and draught, but many are overpriced so be careful if you're on a budget.  The food is also great, sandwiches, fried things- typical barfood with a bit more variety than you might expect.  They deliver, too.Ate the raw oysters there twice recently at lunch and the place was full of other oyster eaters. They were the saltiest oysters on earth, and none better anywhere!!Came here in college when it had the "world's 4th largest beer selection". I recently rented a scooter (highly recommended way to see Nola) and rode down St. Charles to get there. Oysters were good. Beer selection is still huge. It's a dark dumpy bar but it's not trying to be anything else. There were a few "business" guys having lunch, construction workers on break, a few younger people. Just a good spot for a beer/bar food/oysters. I hear they have a big NFL Sunday crowd, all kinds of different teams supported.Definitely my go-to sports bar in the city. There are screens everywhere, food is good, and the beer has an extensive variety and is reasonably priced. This place has improved 10-fold since they outlawed smoking in bars. Used to be a hotbox and you would leave smelling like an ashtray, but not anymore. My only qualm with Cooters is that it isn't always the most comfortable seating arrangement. There are very few booths in the bar, which really just leaves tables and chairs. Nothing huge, but definitely not a place to go if you're looking for a quiet, comfortable viewing experience.Decided to go on my daily run the other day and lead me way down st. Charles.  I was caught up in the beautiful weather and people watching.  I said I'm new to the area and my brother had told me about cooter brown's.  I get to the end of my run and I am ready for some seafood and a cold beer.  My kind of place!! Huge televisions with my sports on and plenty of shared seating and booths.  The staff was pleasant and helpful.  I ordered a magic hat #9 and the soft crab platter along with fried oysters. Hey I was hungry! Lol. Got my food and sat at a booth and enjoyed every bit.  I am definitely coming back with a few friends to watch the games here and throw back a few.  Comfortable, great hospitality and a just plain easy getaway. Thanks so much cooter brown's and p.s. great name!Great oysters on the half shell!  We went there recently to watch the LSU game and had a good ol' time.   The Radiator Special is a poboy classic, and no review of Cooter Brown's would be complete without mentioning the wonderful artery clogging cheese fries. Drink your way around the world at Cooter's with their eclectic international selections!Great little neighborhood bar just at the intersection of St. Charles and Carrollton with easy access to the Levee and streetcar. Great for a night of beer and football or pool, they have ample indoor seating as well as picnic tables for warmer days. They have some video poker machines in the back as well as a smaller secondary bar.
I'm so glad they saw the light and banned smoking inside. This is an awesome little bar with an attached grill and oyster bar. They have a very wide selection of beers both on tap and in bottles.  I love the fact that they offer US and Imperial pints as well!
The staff were always very friendly and efficient, even when there was a line at the bar I never had to wait more than a few minutes to get my next drink refilled. 
The food is pretty standard pub fare, poboys, sandwiches, burgers and the like and is quite good. The fries are amazing!I love trying a great beer I've never heard of, and that is DEFINITELY an option at Cooter Brown's. Vince is always shucking some of the best oysters in town. LOVE the new specials and the new menu. Great game watching, too.Great Po'Boys and reasonably priced drinks.  The seating is terrible though.  It's a fun place to watch Saints games as the entire place is full and the crowd is lively.This is a great spot to watch your favorite team or to get some oysters.  The food is pretty good and they have a great selection of libations as well.  There is plenty of seating and you will never stand for long.This is one of the best restaurants for bar food Uptown. It's so delicious. The Streetcar Special is a personal favorite. Spicy grilled chicken breast with pepperjack cheese, mushrooms, peppers and grilled onions (I prefer it without onions) is a winner no matter what. Plus there's different menu items like the alligator quesadilla. Like everyone says the chili cheese fries are a must. Definitely go there. Enjoy it!Might've been good for drinks but to eat at? No thanks. 
We went here one afternoon to meet up with a few friends for dinner. Not feeling overly adventurous with their menu, I opted for the alligator sausage poboy thinking they couldn't get anything wrong with it. I was mistaken. It came out very dry even though I asked for it to be dressed. The lettuce tasted old, tomatoes and onions falling everywhere, and it came with pickle even though I requested them to be removed. The only good thing about the poboy was the sausage itself which I removed and ate alone. 
The overall appearance of the place is your typical dive bar with low lighting and an outback country theme to it. It's okay if you want to escape the day and hide in a poorly lit room that smells like a bathroom. 
Overall, I don't think I'll be heading back there any time soon.Had the crawfish special, it was awesome, had a nice spice (a beer will be required to properly wash it down). LOL! Fried pickles were also amazing. Staff was super friendly.One thing I love about New Orleans is places like this. If you want a drink go to the bar. Oysters go to the oyster bar. Food go to food bar. Lol. Great beer selection food was some of the best bar food I have had. Oysters were the best. If you can go there I would.I had been looking forward to my first Po-Boy for months before hitting the Big Easy for the weekend. I'm not gonna lie, the name of this place is what got me in the door. Must be the fact that I have the sense of humor of a teenage boy. Haha, she said cooter.
As I walked in, it had all of the things I enjoy most, an extensive selection of draft beers, cases full of bottled beers, and more than a dozen TV's with sports. The lighting was dark, which I also got a kick out of as it was 2pm when my friend and I got in there, and yet, it felt like it was 5pm and time to get the party started.
The Abita Strawberry Harvest seasonal is delicious....it's fruity without being a girly beer. Also, while in the lovely land of Louisiana, I made sure to get my fill of Purple Haze...Purple Haze....oh sweet yummy Purple Haze. After having this beer on tap, I'll never go back to having it bottled.
For lunch, I got the roast beef po-boy warm with american cheese and gravy. My friend got the Manager special which was a po-boy with roast beef, swiss and ham. We split an order of fries which were pretty solid. 
I can't say enough great things.....the food had great portion size, was gloriously delicious, and cheap!  The beer selection was enough to make me want and crave another visit. Also, it didn't hurt that in the background of NCAA basketball, the jukebox was cranking out the 80's tunes and that always makes me happy.
I was unaware you could smoke in this bar until I spotted the ashtrays on the tables. This is pretty huge that I didn't even notice the place allowed smoking because I couldn't smell it. 
Only negative about this place is the parking. My friend and I had to go 4 wheeling over the train tracks just to get a spot. We were in a Benz and we drove around forever looking until finally my friend got ballsy and decided to head over the tracks onto the lawn where many other vehicles were parked....so as long as you take it slow and easy (Whitesnake style), crossing the tracks for a parking spot is easiest route.
Next time, I'm going to get a million oysters because I really wanted to get some, but clearly, I chose beer over more food.Review only for food - Came here on a saturday around 12:30 on my hostel's employee's recommendation for local food/beers. 
I got a pound of crawfish boil for $6.50 (cheapest meal in NOLA!) and the bf got a roast beef/grilled shrimp poboy for ~$12.  He said the grilled shrimp was really good and the roast beef to me tasted sort of like a philly cheese steak. 
But my crawfish.... they were delicious!! the seasoning was really good with a nice kick. came with a piece of corn and 2 potatoes. I wish I had some bread to sop up some of the seasoned water the crawfish was boiled in. 
No frill type of place. We ordered and paid at the counter. Watched the board for our number - seated ourselves, ate, cleaned up after ourselves and left. 
Lots of tv screens for sports fans.being a foreigner, i am still amazed at the simple beauty to be found in NO.  one of my top 10 includes a $1.25 ride on the st. charles streetcar across town to cooter brown's.  after a breezy sojourn through the garden district, past Tulane and audobon park, you make the turn into the dirty south zone and cooter brown's delivers.  
prepare to be hustled at one of the pool tables and if you have any money left over, they have a gambling pit right inside the bar.  you locals may be used to this but for a californian who has to drive 10 hours to lose my money, this is an epiphany.  swinging saloon doors inside a bar put you in a cramped DMZ with video poker-type machines(i didn't actually play).  
if you somehow make it out of cooter brown's without being comatose drunk, just walk(or DRIVE) across the street to the drive-thru daiquiri bar and grab yourself 32oz. of radioactive papaya-banana-cream slush with bathtub grain alcohol for $2.50.  full service debauchery at it's finest.
JCTSFR: 0.61this is the ONE place in New Orleans i visit every time I'm blessed to be in the big easy, this is the place the makes my life a bit easier... i love the oysters (cheap and delicious), the Po' boys (OHHHHHH i love them) and the service. pitchers of beer followed by a game of pool and all of this for just a little bit of $$. SOLD.Orders were taken quickly and food was plentiful. Atmosphere is not like a modern sports bar.....but comfortable.  Beer was cold but burger was way over cooked.....very dry and over done. I will give it another go but cautiously so with burger.....po boy next time.This place is GREAT. I had the habanero wings and some fries. The beer selection is excellent and the bar tender was super attentive and friendly. The wings were the show stopper though. They were perfectly spicy and unlike most times, I didn't feel like they spice level let me down. The lady at the food counter said they were very spicy and they were. But they were also super juicy and flavorful. Will now go here every time I crave wings. They were a really good size too, not small and not disturbingly big.This was my first trip to New Orleans but I was lucky enough to have a great traveling companion who knew his way around.  I am really glad he took me here , it seemed like a place off the beaten path I would have never discovered on my own.  I was hooked on the oysters, better than any I have had in California! i love the do it yourself sauce ( I am a baby to hot food) so i could make is as mild as I wanted.
I had the Radiators Special and my boyfriend had the Roast Beef Po-Boy. Both were delicious! Like others have said, definitely try their fried mac and cheese. I liked the food so much we went back and I literally ordered the same meal!
They also have an extensive beer list. Refrigerators that take up a whole wall of assorted bottles beers. A great place to go with a large group because its an order at the register type of system and they have long tables to  easily accommodate large parties. Its also a great place to hide out and watch a game or two.Amazing beer selection. Great service. Food is always great and fast. Can't forget the raw oysters! Amazing every time I go.Are you freaking kidding me? $3.75 for a 
f$&king Miller Lite? What? Do you think you are the Ritz? Totally douchebaggery to charge that to locals. Enjoy robbing dumb college age kids. I'll never return. GFY.Fresh shucked raw oysters, every kind of liquor and beer you can imagine. What else is there to say? The kitchen serves great bar food and more. The bar side is filled with wall to wall televisions. An excellent place to watch sport games and also grab a late night bite.Ok this is really 3.5 stars, only because of the inconsistency of Cooter's (pardon the pun).
Ate there the other day and had one of the best oyster poboys I've had in town. The crawfish were still a little too salty but that could be attributed to individual taste. Keep it up guys! A couple more good meals and you'll be back up to 5 stars.The cheese fries are absolutely perfect, and the Bartender's Special is out of this world!  Yes,  it is a bar that people can smoke in.  Like most bars in New Orleans.  Knowing that, don't complain about smoke if you brought yourself there.  Let's act like adults here.
Excellent beer selection, fresh oysters, GREAT bar food, and literally any sporting event you could possibly want to watch can be televised.  MANY flat screens around the entire place and every sport package imaginable.  
Absolutely love this place and always come back for more.This is a great bar for sports watching. Our little group has been coming to Cooter Browns every year to watch the March Madness tournament for the past 10 years. They have a great variety of beers, tons of TVs and full kitchen serving classic New Orleans style fare and burgers. But the best thing about this place is the oysters! Vince, the oyster shucker told me that he has been there for over 30 years and this guy serves up the best raw oysters in New Orleans so don't leave without trying Vince's oysters!Sports bar with a TON of beer available by the bottle. Lots of draft too including Chimay (yum!). Come for $5 pitcher night and have yourself a muffalata or maybe the boudin. The muffalata is gigantic and can easily feed two or more people. Boudin is great with mustard and I'd say, "get your own!" with this one.
A dozen oysters is only $6 here so eat your fill. This place is totally worth a tourist's trek from the French Quarter on the St. Charles Streetcar to uptown. You'll eat more for less $$ and have a more "locals" experience.
-------------added 5/5/2007------------
Just came back for a visit and got 18 oysters for $12. How'd that happen? Probably because I tipped $5. :)I'm so happy that Cooter Brown's brought in a new chef and upgraded their menu! I could not eat the food they used to serve as it was incredibly greasy, not fresh and pretty much tasted like they took stuff out of the freezer and threw it in a fryer. HOWEVER, I ate lunch there the other day after hearing about the switch and have been craving the Foodie burger and loaded fries ever since. From the juicy patty to the cured pickles and house made ketchup it was one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. The loaded fries aren't your typical cheese, bacon, sour cream loaded fries. They put PULLED PORK!!, BBQ sauce, FRESH jalapeños, cheese, caramelized onions, and sour cream on them. Incredible. 
I can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items there! Also a bonus- the staff was welcoming and friendly which made the visit even better. Do yourself a favor and check it out!Very impressive beer selection, both draught and bottled, coupled with great sandwiches and oysters. Enjoyed a muffaletta, a fried shrimp & oyster sandwich, and 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell. The latter were super fresh and delicious. A great meal and excellent services from everyone from the kitchen to the bar to the oyster bar.Love the food and beer selection at this place, but I'm not sure that we will be going back there. When we visited Cooter Brown's this week, the owner was drinking at the bar and yelling and cussing at one of his female bartenders. He was screaming and cussing at her so much that it made us want to go say something to him. There's no need to treat employees that way, especially in front of customers.I had the catfish po boy and buffalo shrimp. The buffalo shrimp were GREAT! 
However the skin from the fried catfish would not stay on my fish. I don't know what their batter recipe is but it didn't produce good results. It had to eat the skin separate because it would fall apart of i did anything to it. My friend had it too and hers was the same.I really don't know where we were walking to when we took a hike to Cooter Brown's. 
Why am I walking on the streets with no sidewalks and with cars almost clip me on my side? There must be another way to walk here from Dante's Kitchen. Btw, Google Map did warn "Use caution - This route may be missing sidewalks or pedestrian paths." Trust me, this is true....
Watching Football, Drinking Beers and Eating Fried Seafood did calm me down a lot. 60 different beers on tap with some local selections I never heard of and another 400 different bottled beers from around the world............ decision and more decision.
While drinking my beer, my friend then start stuffing me with some deep fried food: Oyster! That's is much better than other pub grub I have at home!
Cooter Brown's is a great place to just hang out with friends. Not easy to get a table during game time so check the schedule before popping by.Enjoyed the experience! Ken was an outstanding bartender. Food was excellent! Will return next time I'm in town!As a N.O. ex-pat I'll stop in from time to time every couple of years or so. Cooter's was a neighborhood haunt for my gang many years back when so I know it well. Seems since the Storm things have been trying for most of the places in town and luckily this spot's got a great location so it's still here. Easy to find. Maybe too easy. 
My last visit could serve as an ad for the Mississippi Tourist Bureau.
-$14 oysters...there was a time when they'd stop selling them if they got too pricey..poorly shucked....the oyster NEEDS to be separated from the shell, only one was. Rookie mistake.
-Bathrooms haven't been cleaned apparently since my last visit..same for the tables. It's a dump and you can tell that going in but it is the 21st century. No excuse for a bar that prominent to be so poorly maintained. EVEN in N.O.La.
-First two beer brands I ordered they no longer carry...both brands I regularly get anywhere in the country at any "beer centric" bar. Both brands I learned about at...Cooter's. Makes you wonder if they're even paying attention or maybe they lost a distributor for "whatever" reason.
-Here's the big one: WATCH YOUR CREDIT CARD!!! When I tried to settle my tab the staff of 3 (only about 10 people in the place on a Saturday night) couldn't produce my credit card or bill. After 15 minutes of huddling by the register the girl tells me "it's gone". Almost like she wanted me to just pay in cash. The other two wandered away from the conversation but hovered until I said I'd just call the cops.....You guessed it, THAT got them back in gear and my card was "found" seconds later. As I was signing off and figuring a tip ( yeah, I know but I grew up in the service industry, I always give servers the benefit of doubt ) one of the staff decides to get aggressive. When I warned him to back down he made like he was gonna come around the bar at me then apparently decided better of it. After asking the girl AGAIN for my tab I tipped/signed/left.  The next day I had an interesting conversation with some goof calling himself Larry. No doubt now where the crap performance comes from. He comes off like he's never worked a day in his life. Not   a   clue. Poor Larry's so busy trying to evade the issue of his staff's incompetence and inform me of what a great place he's got he forgot to thank me for my decades of custom or my restraint with the punks he has running his bar. Couldn't care less about the apparently attempted I.D. theft. The New Orleans Police, on the other hand, were more than happy to hear about my concerns. Maybe they've heard it before. My credit card company actually showed TWO transactions from there, neither matched the amount I signed for....they took care of it.
Bottom line: If you're some neighborhood college kid who's used to dealing with half assed, petulant service, posses a robust immune system, and pay's cash it's not the worst place in the city. Burgers are good and they still have a decent beer menu. Otherwise you can find better food in a friendlier and cleaner atmosphere for less money about anywhere else Uptown.I can understand the mixed reviews about this bar.  The service could possibly get under some peoples' skin if they're expecting first class.  It's a bar, run by average people who offer 'bar' service.  
Their menu offers some very classic 'New Orleans'.  I'm not from the city, nor do I live there, but from an outsider's perspective, I know where I'll be headed for my next Bayou Philly: alligator sausage, shrimp, peppers, onions, and cheese.  I felt the menu was over-priced while waiting in line, but after diving into this dish, $10 was well worth the price.  Add a $3 side of Hot Boudin, plus a couple pints of some draft Purple Haze, and you'll find it hard to match a better lunch in New Orleans.Stopped in here for a drink and enjoyed it. The bar has a nice laid back vibe without being too dirty and dingy. The drinks are reasonably priced - $5 for most drafts - with a good selection. The real star is the kitchen - it has a wide range of awesome food. I had the house burger and while I thought it was a little dry and chewy but I still enjoyed it.Every time I come here I stick to my Reuben. I'm not one to not venture around a menu trying new things on the menu when I'm a regular at a restaurant but when a Reuben is done it, it just works! Heads up to new patrons, food ordering is not like your type restaurant, but makes sense when you see it, they do take cards so no sweating that, and the beer selection is awesome! I recommend the Czech. Have fun and enjoy!DO NOT EAT HERE. The food was SO BAD that I had to make a Yelp account just to review it to warn every one else. The people who are reviewing it and saying it's a good place to eat must be blackout drunk when they eat here because it was THE WORST food I have had while living in New Orleans. We ordered our food at 6:40 and finally around 7:45 I decided to go to the kitchen/ordering area to see what was up. Our food was sitting underneath the hot lamps and seemed to be ready to go. I asked the cook (poor thing was trying his best.... definitely not his fault and he was very nice to me) what we were waiting on and he said there was one more thing left to add to the sandwich. I decided to wait by the food since everything else seemed ready. Another 5 or so minutes passed and the food still wasn't ready. Finally I asked if I could take the plates and just come back for whatever was left, and the cook said "hold on" and grabbed a bowl from the countertop (that had been sitting there since I first approached him) and slapped on two "fried green tomatoes" onto the sandwich. I say that in quotations because you couldn't tell the difference in taste between any of our dishes.... who knew what the heck we were eating. Everything was AWFUL. We should have honestly asked for a refund and walked out. I received a fried mess of a shrimp plate, with a salad that was half olives and a quarter lettuce and onions. At first my Dad thought I had ordered fried oysters because it was just rubbery, fried crap. All of our food tasted like it had been fried in the oldest oil you could find. Please, please do not eat here. If you do, grab some fries with your beer and that's it. We will never make the mistake of trying to grab a quick, cheap bite to eat again. It wasn't even good for just bar food.Great place to watch the Saints game if you can find a seat. Definitely packed, and I wish they would have gameday specials, but we got a pitcher of beer for $15 and then split the muffaletta and cheese fries. Great bar food and tons of tvs make this a go to for any game. Now that they banned smoking, it is even better!GREAT OYSTERS! And their Blu Cheese Bacon Burger is delish! Great place to kill some time in between classes.Under new kitchen management! The food is off the chain! This is one of my late night food spots when I want a drink or two and some yummy grub, or when I want some hangover food! 
The brunch burger is to die for. I'm not usually a fried egg on a burger girl, but it's necessary from time to time. My other favorite is the bacon and blue burger. Mouthwatering! I love the pizza fries but the loaded fries with pulled pork are usually my first choice. They are perfect for sharing and they are generous on toppings, so I'm never disappointed. 
I'm generally a whiskey and Coke kinda chick but I always spring for a signature cocktail because I love the Black Pearl and strawberry basil lemonade! When it's nice out, I hit the porch but I enjoy heading to the booths in the back bar from time to time. Their beer selection is amazing and they always have new choices!Cooter Browns is one of my favorite bars. It's just simply a great bar just to go to hang out with your friends. They offer a ridiculous amount of beers on tap for great prices. Oh, and their food is also great quality. If you're looking for a place to watch a sporting event, I recommend Cooter Browns.After reviewing the menu, we were excited to try both the beer selection and the food. Sadly, the wait staff made that an impossibility since one was busy washing glasses and the other was intent on getting into the panties of a cute coed at the bar! After fifteen minutes in a limbo of non-existence, we finally left never to darken their door again!Cooter Brown's might be the best bar in New Orleans: incredible beer selection, outside seating, decent prices, bar food, plenty of TVs, oysters, and now they're no smoking. Going no smoking is such a big deal, thank you. Plus they're close to daiquiris and the fly, so if a weird bachelor party shows up in a creepy van, you have options. 
Also, they have the fancy Abita.The roast beef po boy is awesome and the house made pickles and veggies are delicious! I would definitely go back!!It's everything you can expect from a place called Cooters. The bartender was friendly, tons of great beer options. The decor is a bit outdated, but the food is good! It's definitely great for grabbing a drink and watching footballThis was the perfect place to watch the Golden State Warriors rout the Rockets in game 3 of the 2018 NBA playoffs.  They had big screen TV's all around.  Rockets fans were either too few or too quiet to be heard, even though Houston has been described as "too close to New Orleans."  They have dozens of beers on tap as well as a full bar.  The old fashioneds were good, but the catfish po boy was only fair.  Excellent  sports bar with easy access by auto or St. Charles street car.I n every town I've ever lived, I always wanted to work a local job.  I mean a job native to that town, or area of the country.  Like, working on a cheese farm in Wisconsin or a winery in Southern California.  In New Orleans I worked a tug boat on the Mississippi and on a derrick barge in the Gulf of Mexico, but I always wanted to shuck oysters at Cooter Brown's.
This Place is great.  Imagine yourself going for a bike ride on the levee or a jog around Audubon Park, then meeting up with some friends for a couple dozen oysters and a few(or many) beers at Cooters.
Speaking of beer, they have about 400 different kinds, 350 being imports and 46 on tap.  Where else can you get a Golden Pheasant from Slovakia?
Yep! Ol' Cooter Brown's... right there where St. Charles Ave. meets Carrolton.  Park out in front or by the railroad tracks.  
Watch a game on one of many big screens(nice ones), play a game of pool or philosophize with the likes of Alfred Hitchcock, Jerry Garcia and over thirty other famous dead people, all very much alive in spirit and drinkin a cold one at Cooter Brown's.Cooter Browns is an alright bar Uptown. There are plenty of other bars that I would choose over this one. 
They do have pretty decent bar food, and if you are looking for oysters, this is the place to go! Burgers are alright, but the fries are delicious! 
They do have an awesome selection of beers, bottles and draft, but they cost an arm & a leg. I think I paid $6 for an Abita last time I was there! Way to expensive to a local beer. 
Its great for watching games, because of how many T.V. are in the place. But, if its a big game, get there early to grab a seat.pretty amazing sports bar and a must for days with either multiple sporting options (i.e. Italy Spain + America's Cup + five baseball games + Tiger Woods in D.C.) or for any Sunday NFL morning.
perfect arrangement of 2 dozen TVs and multiple long low tables without walkways so you can see from the bar, and if you are sitting, no one is in front of you.
food is passable but honestly, for sports, who cares.  I stuck with the oysters (fresh and good) and the burger (good, but not the best around).
parking can be tough if you don't have a truck or SUV, but if you do, you can park about a foot from the train tracks if you can clear the curb (thank you rental SUV)Beer selection is ok.  Most of their beers are actually in bottle and there is no telling how long they've been there.  Perhaps cleaning the dust off of your bottles in the cooler would help. If you look at their online beer list its horribly outdated with beers from breweries that no longer exist.  Cooter Browns has a reputation for the "best" beer bar in the city but I wouldn't say that at all.  Maybe at one time but Avenue Pub and Bulldog dominate this place.  If you're looking for oysters and a decent pint though I would recommend this place.  BUT if you're looking for top beer bar in New Orleans just stop down at Avenue Pub.Jumped off the streetcar to grab a bite to eat - first time at this place. Nice place and pretty darn good food! We ate outside on the covered porch. Good , convenient place to stop along the trolley line. Judging from a look around the interior, it's probably a fun place at night! We will try it next trip.Massive beer selection and solid food. 
Favorites are: raw oysters, Nola Philly, Bayou Philly, and Grand Isle Philly.Good bar food. Over 100 beers
I recommend the wings and beer of course. 
Lots of large screen flat TVs for the game.So we dropped in for a beer and to catch up on the Saturday football scores.  The beer was cold, the cheese fries were hit and the TV screens were everywhere!  It's a funky little spot perfectly suited for tossing a few cold ones with friends.Now walking in here you'd think that you found a fantastic spot to have beers, watch the game, and get out of the heat.  Food would be an afterthought.  Well trust me, come for dark bar and beer, stay for the food.
Came here with my wife and her parents on a Sunday.  We were visiting and really wanted to grab some po boys at Parkway (our favorite) for lunch but they were closed due to flooding.  My father in law recommended this place. I had tried to come years back on football Sunday which was pretty near impossible since it was so crowded.  But 12pm Sunday in early August we were the first ones there.
There are no servers so you order and pay for what you want: food off to the right; drinks at the bar and oysters farther down the bar. The food menu is excellent bar food with a New Orleans twist (including po boys, alligator and boudin balls).  The special was a housemade "hawt"sausage po boy, which definitely beckoned myself and father in law, wife went with fried shrimp, mother in law the catfish.  They only come in one size (8") but I found that to be more than enough.  Also had to get an order of hand breaded (rather than frozen) mozzarella sticks.  We placed our order at the counter; while waiting for food I got a dozen raw oysters.
$16 for a dozen oysters in Nola is somewhat pricey - but they were a great size and expertly shucked, each one just slid right out.  They have the necessary condiments for making your own cocktail sauce, but I'm just happy with a dash or two of Crystal.  They were just what you wanted on a hot day: cold, clean and that perfect briny flavor from Gulf bivalves.  I was somewhat perturbed sharing some with the table...
Food was ready relatively quickly and we were excited. Shrimp po boy was overflowing with shrimp, and the sausage topped with cheddar just what I wanted.  The mozzarella sticks
were quite large...think we ordered too much.
Po boys: the toppings (fresh tomatoes, housemade pickles) and of course Leidenheimer bread. The sausage while dressed didn't have a sauce on it, so I added some mayonnaise.  While the fat from the meat and cheese was probably enough I thought it was a bit dry, they mayo just helps with the overall flavor.  Well I made a fantastic decision.  Each bite of the po boy was fantastic. The sausage was a loose grind and was had great heat (I believe from paprika and cayenne) and the cheese complimented it perfectly.  The fresh veggies and the pillowy French bread, it was just what I wanted in a po boy. The fried shrimp on my wife's was excellent as well: just a great light breading and not greasy at all.  Lucky for me she couldn't finish hers so I had to make sure her plate was clean.
The mozzarella sticks were probably overkill since the sandwiches were very filling.  But they were fantastic as well, hand breaded always makes a difference.  They were nice and gooey (came with a great marinara sauce).  When a bar shows that much care to an appetizer it is usually a great sign for the rest of their menu.
Yes many probably come here for the huge beer selection.  But I will come back for the food.Found this place by accident. It's the perfect sports bar that serves oysters. The staff is super fun and the entire vibe is light and upbeat. I'd come here daily if I could.Cool little sports bar with a nice laid back atmosphere. They have two separate bars - one has a relatively standard selection of beers and liquor and the other in the back is loaded with craft beer of all kind and the bartenders were fantastic. I asked for a good beer recommendation and she brought me two or three samples of what I was looking for and had really good knowledge of what was on tap.
Be aware that everything is self service - bar and food service, but the food was very good. The kitchen has everything from your typical bar food to oysters to good sandwiches. The cheese fries were delicious and they were loaded with a ton of melted cheddar cheese, not that liquid cheese crap some places use. 
The atmosphere is fun. They have all these little caricatures on the wall of famous actors and politicians and athletes and whatnot that are cool to look at. Lots of tvs in the bar, enough for everybody's game to be on. 
Overall I definitely recommend and would go again!I really want to give this place a better rating but I just can't. 2 stars go to the bar and atmosphere. Great for watching a game, hanging out with friends, and drinking beer. The food is a disgrace. The people that think their cheese-fries are good must have been really drunk. They are dry and the cheese is always burnt. Ick! I got food poisoning from a catfish po-boy and was extremely sick all night long. I called the kitchen manager to let them know that their fish was bad. I thought I was doing the right thing so that nobody else would get sick. I was polite but felt like he needed to know. HE WAS SO RUDE! He insisted that it couldn't have been from his food and they they get their fish fresh every morning. He told me that I was wrong and hung up on me. 
That was the only thing I had eaten that day so I know it was from them and I highly doubt that dump of a place gets fresh fish as often as they say. The kitchen is filthy and the food is sub-par. 
BEWARE of the seafood. I will never eat there again. I'll probably still go to the bar, though :)Um, yea. As the 3 Star rating defines, it's "A-OK" for me. I'm not a fan of places that are smokey, so that's the reason for the majority of my fuss'n. 
On to the positive, this is pretty much one of the best stops in the neighborhood for GREAT quick bar food. The sandwiches are yummy. 
It's on our list of places to go when in a rush to get to destination number two with friends, but in need to grab a bite b/4. 
I'd recommend this place for groups and for watching sports. There are lots of TVs. I also like the background music. One time we were there and the whole bar busted out in a sing along to "creep" by Radiohead. lol. Memorable? yesgreat drinks and good food,  i love their alligator sausage po boys. perfect place to come and watch a game with a big group of people. they have a bunch of TVs all around the place so you will have a good view from wherever your sitting.One of my favorite bars in New Orleans ! Great food and beer selection . Prices are reasonable and the food is even better . Great for watching sports , overall fun place.One of my favorite bars in New Orleans ! Great food and beer selection . Prices are reasonable and the food is even better .Definitely a great hangout in uptown NOLA.  I frequent here with friends just to grab some drinks.  Great selection of beer, and generally a good venue for large groups.  Food is moderate, by my tastes, but they make some great cheese fries for the late night munchies.  I'm not one to partake, but I do hear the oysters are pretty fantastic as well.I'm back! The bar is still great-a solid 5 for beer selection and sports watching. 
But, the fried shrimp were not fresh and were seriously overcooked. Sort of like eating rubber balls, coated in corn meal. They were also overly salty and the fried food staff was definitely unhelpful about getting cocktail sauce.  
Today is game day and the sound is WAY too loud. I'm a sports fan but this is ridiculous.We came here one day after my son's baseball game. I wasn't too thrilled to be dragged into a sports/college bar, but my oh my!!!!!! The French fries are to die for!!!! I'm not too into beers(but the hubby is), and he was raving about all the options!!!!!!!! This really is a cute little place,,, with great food at a super affordable price. I see why the college kids love it so much!!!!Wow did Cooter Brown deliver. I arrived late to NOLA on a Tuesday night around 11pm. I was a New Yorker craving Louisiana Oysters. They were in season. I also wanted a po boy. A catfish one. So I searched the information superhighway for a bar that had oysters and po boys and was also open. 
Enter the Cooter. 
I arrived to the bar. Out front were some yocals smoking some stoges and enjoying libations. I walked in. It was dark and dank inside. A good dark and dank. The place reeked of awesome. 
I quickly ordered an Abita, because why wouldn't you?? Heaven on my lips. Mmmmmmm. 
And then. I found out that Oysters were half off after 10pm. 
There is an area at the end of the bar where your order the oysters. They have an area there to make your own cocktail sauce. All the fixings. As horseradishy or as ketchupy as you want it. Worcestershire sauce. They have it. Hot sauces. They have many. I went to towwwwwwn. While I waited for my oysters to be shucked I went to the adjoining kitchen area where you go to order food. Catfish Po Boy please. 
All the food arrived 10 mins later. Another Abita was in my hand. Nice. Cold. Fresh NOLA beer. The oysters were bigger than the palm of my hand and my hands are big. I wear size 8 gloves for those in the know. These oysters were ridic. They literally melter in my mouth. Slurp slurp done.  The catfish po boy had perfectly crisped fish, fresh bread, and with hot sauce was just to die for. 
I had just arrived to NOLA and I was already in heaven. 
The bar was totally dead that night. Not sure what it is usually like but that was okay with me. 
Take home message: go for the half price oysters, catfish po boy, and Abita beer. It's a dive so don't go for the bar scene. 
One Love.Good place for a larger group. Lots of space, and many many beer options. There is a ton on tap, and the variety in bottles in the fridges is massive. The food is all good as far as bar food comes.Now this place knows how to do it. Especially for it being so close to college campuses. Large area, lots of beer, great place to watch a sporting event on the many TV's that they have. 
The food is really good bar food. Fresh oysters shucked right at the bar... Amazing.it's a bar.  with lots of different beers.  smoking allowed.  lots of tvs for the viewing of the sporting events.  a decent raw bar.  good sandwiches (the manager's special is especially yummy) and, at a time before crawfish were really in season, bigger and yummier ones than frankie and johnny's was offering.Only one reason to go here - nostalgia.  Dark inside, multiple screens for viewing the days sporting activities.  We take the streetcar down, get off, have an Anchor Old Foghorn and a Semiclaus a dozen oysters discuss the merits of micro brewing with whomever is sitting next to us and that's that for another year.  All part of the NOLA ritual.Absolutely the best Muffaletta in New Orleans hand down!!
It is a little shady on the outside, you walk right in side and it looks like another dive bar, and or a bar that the local College kids go to. You must order the Muffaletta!! Depending how hungry you are you may only want half, I got a whole sandwich and luckily I did because later that night we went to bourbon street and needed something to eat to sober me up. 
There are many places to get a Muffaletta in New Orleans, and this IS the PLACE to get it!!Very friendly staff and neighborhood attitude. Enjoyed the po-boy and fries. The cocktails were good and the selection of beers was great.After an 8 hour layover, a 1 hour flight and another 45 minute commute, all I wanted was oysters. 
Cooter Brown's stays open until 2:30a and the oysters were a flowin'. They have a massive selection of beers on tap and in the bottle. The service was nice from the bartender, the oyster shucker and the cooks in the kitchen. 
The place was filthy but I guess that's part of the charm.  The music wasn't too loud. My reason for a 4 is because it was kinda inconvenient that we had to charge our beers separately from our food tab. They should think of a way to rectify that.Great selection of beers on tap, and the Bayou Philly never disappoints. Gets crowded when the Saints are playing, so get there before kickoff if you wanna sitFor me there is no better place to watch an LSU away game!  If you get there early enough you can usually get a good spot, we always get some of the food there.  The cheese fries and wings are a staple order for us and they have never been bad, and of course some oysters (aka errsters)!  Service can get bad if there is a big game on but at that point, who cares!Great place to watch games and the bar food is delicious.  They also have a wide variety of imported beers.Yes, lots of beer. 400 kinds? I didn't count.
Food was okay-to-good. A very nice poboy. Fried stuff comes out of a fry-daddy and takes awhile. Fries and onion rings very obviously came frozen from Sysco or some other restaurant supply house.
I might have given 4 stars, but the dozens of TV's lining the walls gave me a raging headache.  If I want to watch TV I'll stay home; I just don't understand sports bars, or any bar that feels the need to turn a TV on for anything other than an assassination.
Definitely not a place to go when you want to talk to the people you came with.Great beer bar. Big screen Tv if like sports. Outside seating. Big fan for years. Tons of types of beer to try. Food decent.Distinctly New Orleans I suppose.  This place has a quasi-feel of a bar in Center City Philadelphia, but turn right and it's true New Orleans through and through.
Food you order separate and they will not take your orders while you're on the cell phone.  Lady commented that too many mistakes were made but I say tell them off for being rude!  
Lots of sandwiches and po'boys, standard barfood -- fries, rings, hotdogs....
Drinks are not too bad either and come hella strong.  I love coming here during the weekday and just sitting back, cursing silently why some folks are not workin...and then i realise im a hypocrite and just quietly sip a bit more....Zonk out the tip field if you pay for bar food with credit card. Mother truckers will fill in tips for you when they entirely don't deserve it. This den of iniquity does serve good bar food, though.Great beer and good oysters - pretty good bar food otherwise.  Usually a fun crown and friendly local crowd.Great place for sports! Awesome beer selection, great social seating, and awesome bar food. You do have to show up early to get a seat for a Saints game, but it is worth it.Friendly staff, fantastic beer selection, and plenty of screens to watch any sporting event. The burger and boudin balls were delicious. Easy to get to from our hotel in the French Quarter via the St. Charles trolley.I've been to several oyster happy hours around the city, and Cooter Brown's serves some of the largest. Their happy hour deals are excellent. 10$ for a pitcher of Abita or NOLA Blonde. Need I say more? Every Tuesday can fulfill one's oyster cravings.  8 or 9 dollars for a dozen oysters on ice at happy hour. Holy shuck! 
Their draft selection is great too-- there should be around 50 beers on tap. The food in the back is great as well. I ordered 12 wings with fries and those did not disappoint.  
They have plenty of TV's playing games, a pool table, and darts which make it a great hang-out place. This interior is spacious. They have trivia nights on Wednesdays, which I have not been to yet, but I heard they are pretty good.They have friendly bartenders, and good selection of beers. The place is spacious, and the food is fried. It's about all a red blooded male can ask for.
If you like Animal House or that college bar feeling, I think you will like Cooters. Every man in my life loves Cooters, but sadly I am not a bar girl. I am coffee shop girl. But I come here anyway with them. It isn't unbearable, but it is a little frat for me.Service: bar crazy slow. Cooks are good. 
Great muffuletta and alligator sausage. Oysters were warm and just alright. 
Wings are not good. Could fry a bit longer. Fried seafoods were good. 
Sports bar with tons of tvs.Excellent oysters and very good bar food.  And TVs galore. One of my favorite sports barsCooter Brown's is good for what it is: a sportsbar dive with great fried seafood. Expect a reasonably priced beer menu with a wide selection. The guys in the kitchen are a bunch of fucking assholes, but the food tastes great. I don't go often, but feel good when I do.Over-priced and gross food. Watered down drinks. I could elaborate further, but it's barely worth my time.Love the food but have never enjoyed this place as a hang.  Hard to have any sort of conversation due to so many tvs and generally pretty crowded, dark and dirty.  The food is good and the beer selection is impressively large but who wants to enjoy a high end beer at a place like this?I'm not much of a beer drinker, but my go to dive bar in New Orleans is still Cooter Browns, home of 400 bottle brands, and over 80 beers on tap.  The beer list rotates on occasion.  It's a laid back sports bar in the uptown area, on the St Charles streetcar, and an occasionally busy hang out for Tulane and Loyola students. Oh, and 20 TVs for sports.
They have fresh oysters, usually pretty cheap, and a kitchen that turns out local favorites including po boys, burgers, and the ubiquitous New Orleans sandwich, the muffaletta.   If you're not familiar with that tasty bite, it was developed by and for Italian immigrants in the early 1900s, essentially a meal on a bun, good for toting off to the job, or eating while balanced on a precarious produce carton in the French Market.
It starts with a 9" round seeded loaf of bread, has layers of Italian lunch meats including salami, ham, mortadella, provolone and mozzarella.  Before putting on the top half of the loaf, the sandwich is covered with an olive salad, a melange of olives, garlic, celery, cauliflower and olive oil....some recipes add peppers.  Some places heat the sandwich, some don't, and it's sold in whole, half, and quarter portions many places.
I can't really tell you why Cooter's muff is my favorite, just is.   It's also the place for wicked bar food like cheese fries and wings.Raving about the oysters. They were incredibly fresh and we enjoyed them. You also can't beat the 1/2 off deal. A dozen oysters were only $8Went here on my last night in NOLA. It wasn't very crowded at all and we were greeted by giant HDTVs with various sports on it. The kitchen and bar are two separate things. If you want food, you have to order at the kitchen which is the room on the immediate right after entering. 
The service was really fast considering nobody was in there. I got a pint of Purple Haze beer and a Fried Oyster Platter and I was good to go. Later on, we find out that you can order a dozen fresh oysters from the bar. So, we got a dozen of those too. Eat it like a local which is putting hot sauce/ketchup/horse radish on the oyster and then scooping it out and putting it on a saltine cracker. Mmm Mmm. Delicious. 
I also noticed a breathalyzer vending machine on the way out which I found really amusing. This place gets a solid 4 stars from me but your experience might vary depending if it is a little busier.Back into CB for the first time in several months.  Party of 4 looking for a place to watch a  college game.  Very comforting, nothing has changed.  Same tables, same chairs, mostly the same bartenders.   I warned the women of the party about the faux outhouse restrooms.  One returned from a quick trip and noted that the room was really shiny, but the toilet didn't flush.  Gross.  Shiny, something was shiny? "N" not "T"?
A couple of intermissions later, I wandered over to check out the men's room.  Wow, what is this strange place?  It's still tiny, about the size of Boeing restroom, but everything is new and clean and new and shiny and did I mention new?  How about clean?.  It has an industrial,  indestructible look to it, the decorator was apparently just coming off the design team for the new jail.  Or maybe this was practice for the jail..... regardless it is a light-year better than it was.   No more excuses not to have one more.As a disclaimer, I've only been to Cooter Brown's during the day, when the dust & dirt are more visible. And there is a lot of dust and dirt. Of course I don't let that prevent me from eating here!
The food is pretty good, and they have a great selection of beer on tap. They are one of the few places I've found that make a Chicago style hot dog, which is awesome. Granted, they substitute jalapenos for sport peppers, but I'm okay with that.
Cooter Brown's is good, just not great.Why is it so hard to find decent late night food in New Orleans? For a city that never sleeps, you'd think we'd have some more options... Anyways- Cooter's is good for that. Where else can you get raw oysters till midnight??, and the kitchen stays open till 1 am--for all your other greasy bar food needs...
Visited around 11pm on a Wednesday. Not too packed. The bartenders greeted us right away--they have an awesome selection of draft beer-if you're into that kind of thing. You order your raw oysters at a counter on the other end of the bar. My favorite part is that they have a condiment bar-- so you can have all the ketchup and horseradish your heart desires! The oysters were shucked perfectly! And not to mention, really tasty. The shucker was nice and gave us a couple extra ersters as lagniappe..
We also ordered wings (it was wing night) and a burger.. Nothing spectacular, but after having a few beers they tasted alright....
Lots of picnic tables outside!
There was mostly metal/punk music playing--which isnt my favorite but it makes for a fun bar atmosphere. Definitely a good place to watch sports. I'll be back...Stopped in for a couple beers. Cool sports bar atmosphere. Huge selection of beers, both in tap and in bottles. Bartender was friendly and helpful. Would definitely go back!The Tito's strawberry- basil lemonade was amazing
And only $5. The food was fresh and delicious.Cooter Brown's is the epitome of rude, tourist centric, non-repeat customer service.  The bar tenders, bouncers, and even the men working in the kitchen realize they deal with a lot of college and tourist customers, and they end up treating everyone like that.  The food is fine, and if you don't mind waiting 45 minutes for a sandwich, getting told to "F off" by bartenders, or being assaulted (yes, I've seen this) by the Oyster Shuckers, then you may love Cooter Brown's.  However, if you have any dignity and self-respect, this is not the place for you.This was our go-to sports bar when we lived in Riverbend. They have a ton of TVs, a great beer selection, and decent food. The raw oysters I had last time I was there were maybe the best I've ever had: HUGE and very fresh, although I wasn't impressed with the catfish po boy. The batter was not what I am used to seeing, and it was way too salty. I liked that they turn music on during the commercials of the games.I have zero idea what neighborhood this sports bar is in since we took an Uber to meet friends after spending some time at NOLA brewing. I also have no idea how this sports bar compares to others in New Orleans, but for the things I need, Cooter Brown's had it all. Namely a ton of great local draft beers, good service, and a ton of TVs playing every game you'd want. There was even cricket* on one TV!
They have food, but we didn't eat anything, so you'll have to read other reviews for that. At this point I wonder why I'm even writing this review. Anyways, if you like sports and beer you'll love Cooter Brown's. 
*No there was notNice local and some tourists as well. Food is great and huge selection of beers. Great prices.One of my favorite po boy spots in NOLA. Huge TV's. Lots of sports!!! Great drinks, Fresh oysters and always fresh tasty po boys.  Not pretentious! Open late! And a daiquiri shop across the street if you need that. Can't go wrong at Cotter Browns.Coming here may have been the highlight of my trip to NOLA. Seriously, if heaven is anything like this place I may be okay. I had my first real pro boy here and it was incredible. The range of beer and knowledgeable bartenders made this place wonderful. Lots of games played on the TV but I was able to sit and read my book. Hope to come back to NOLA again and visit this place.Had a few good times here watching ball games.  When it's crowded and a popular game is on it's almost like being at the game because of the crowd reaction in the bar.  No waitress service. Order beer/drinks directly from the bar and food from the kitchen. The food is good for what it is and the prices are reasonable.  Better get there early before the game because the place definitely gets packed. You can park over the curb and on the grass along the rail road tracks.  
Survived a Cowboys/Saints game one afternoon when I wore a polo shirt I have with a Cowboys logo.  Had to button my lip more than once after being approached by alcohol infused Cowboy haters.  Realistically, the reason I made it out with no major damage was because the Cowboys ran out of time to beat the Saints.  Some Louisiana residents sure are envious of Texans..........OH,WHAT FUN !!!! 
  I went to Cooter Brown's last nite- hadn't been there in AGES,& forgot how great a place this is ! The BEST part of my nite was Badger, the bartender. He was fun,funny, knowledgable about many things besides the beer & liquor,& he's just an all round good guy. But have I mentioned the cocktail he made for me ? I asked for a Filthy Dirty vodka martini & what did he make for me ?? The BEST Filthy Dirty vodka martini I've EVER had ( & yes, I've "researched" many- ok... MANY). Bar none ( ha ! No pun intended ), The BEST MARTINI I've EVER had was last nite made by Badger at Cooter Brown's. 
 Oh yeh, the food was de-lish,too ! I had a burger & my date had fried oyster po boy. Unlike me,he DIDN'T offer me a bite ( bad manners ), but it looked & smelled so good .
Tomorrow when I go back for football, Badger & another BEST Filthy Dirty Vodka Martini EVER, I'll DEFINATELY order an oyster po boy. 
 So, next time you're in my neighborhood,or even not so close to my neighborhood, PLEASE do yourself a favor & treat yourself to Cooter Brown's. Bring your friends !!!Went in here for a quick and simple meal on a Sunday. I wasn't expecting much in terms of food (how hard is it to deep fry something?) but was severely disappointed in the service. 
It took 10 mins to place an order, which was fine. It was dinner time and the line was decently long for 2 cooks to quickly effectively manage. 
It took over an hour for all of us to get our food. They even forgot an order (the first one placed) and it took a good 15 minutes just to get the attention of one of them in order to replace it. 
I see the draw of Cooter Brown's though--they pride themselves in having over 40 different brews on tap and 400 beers from around the world. Had I been drunk maybe I could've tolerated the lousy service better--at least the time would've passed by quicker.Fabulous fried oyster po'boy!  We were hot and tired from a long bike ride; pulled off when we noticed this very out-of-the-way looking place.  But it had food and beer, so we gave it a try.  What a treat!  Big selection of draft beers, and I was able to get a 10 oz glass so that I could still bike more after lunch.  And the oysters were fresh, plump, juicy, and fried just lightly and to perfection.  We went to a lot of nice restaurants while visiting New Orleans.  But this is one of my best food memories.  Definitely recommend it.The best beer selection I've found in the city. 86 rotating taps and extremely knowledgeable staff. I highly recommend this spot for anyone looking to try a fun new beer. They of course have a full bar as well if beer isn't your thing. They have a kitchen that I have not yet ordered from, but the beer selection itself gets this joint 5 stars. Spectacular vibe and location as well.WTF HAPPENED TO COOTER BROWNS ???  It was my FAVORITE place - it was FUN & everyone,including the bartenders, had FUN & a GOOD TIME !  But Holy Crap ! After being gone for a month I walk into a MORGUE. The bartenders including Badger were clearly not happy. I felt like I was imposing on them when I ordered a drink ! There was very little conversing, forced smiles & whoever the chick bartender is has zero personality. Now why the hell would the owner  put someone like that behind the bar when CLEARLY she hates it ? The owner,whoever he is, must be quite the ass.
 Sadly sadly I say, I doubt seriously that I'll go back to Cooter's for a Very Long Time, if ever. I went in to get a buzz & walked out with a MAJOR buzzkill. I'm bummed...A great place with oyster love the fresh horseradish there. I usually eat outside there because kids under 21 aren't aloud in.Friends recommended Cooter Browns as a good March Madness destination - and we were not disappointed!
Great atmosphere, friendly patrons and delicious food. Once we figured out the ordering process, we were good! 
Oysters looked great but we didn't have any.
Only thing I didn't like - and why we didn't stay all day - was it was cold and no light/view of outdoors. 
But for sports fan - TVs are great !Good bar to go and watch a game at with a group of people. There's a lot of TVs and a good amount of seating. Also has pool tables if you want to play. The food is alright, just your basic bar food and po-boys. Nothing I haven't enjoyed when I'm in the mood for something greasy and most likely 1/2 in the bag. The guy bartenders are pretty colorful and make the experience fun. The lady who works there sometimes doesn't seem to friendly though, every time I go she looks like she doesn't want to be there, maybe its just me.  Another thing is that they have the measuring pour tops on bottles so you know you aren't getting that little extra to give the drink the kick you like. Sometimes you will see them pour a little more but not always. But now for the beer selection, its GREAT you can try a ton of different ones while you are there because they have so many to choose from.Great beer selection. Good prices. Try the fried mac and cheese. Only bummer is the a**hole behind the counter in the NY Yankees cap.Horrible service and the food is tragic. You have to know what you want almost immediately and don't try talking on your cell phone in line(not that I was) - there are rude signs posted everywhere stating that your order will not be taken if you're on your cell phone. We ordered rather quickly to avoid the wrath of those taking our order and after ordering a Catfish Po-Boy and Shrimp Po-Boy, were told that it would be 25-30 minutes before it was ready. On a busy night, I can totally understand this, but we were probably 2 or 20 people in this huge place, most of whom were drinking. Once the order was finally ready, a large unfriendly man came over to our table and nodded at me, then grunted. I asked if it was ready and he just grunted again. The bread was dry, the catfish was cold and the service was terrible.Heard amazing reviews about this place.
Sorry, we were disappointed!
The wings tasted just like fish. I asked the cook if they used the same oil for both fish and chicken and he said "Well yes" is that a bad thing?
We did order a burger most popular there while it was good we were told we couldn't order it for 20 mins after we sat down because they were too busy.
And actually the place was not so busy.Great place to watch any game or fight. Open late with pool tables and FOOD!Awesome place to watch sports, great food and great people.This is my first time at Cooter Browns. I have to say parking is limited but we can definitely park along the railroad. We came on a trivia night so it was noisy but I am use to noise. The unfortunate part was I came here to try the fried catfish platter. Wherever these guys are getting their fish it taste very unclean! It was disgusting with every bite. I will never order the fried fish here! It was either the skin was left on or the inside of the fish was not cut clean. You would definitely need a large lemon to kill the FISHY taste. Don't get me wrong this is an amazing dive bar so I will be coming back for other things that I feel may be better! COOTER BROWN GET YOUR FRIED FISH IN ORDER!!!!!!Delicious and fresh food. Ordered fried pickles, green beans, onions, boudin balls, bacon macaroni cheese, hot buffalo wings, fried seafood platter (seasoned fries, catfish, oysters, shrimp), salad, sweet tea (perfect mixture), yuegling lager beer $3 a cup during happy hour. Nice bar area with a lot of tv's.They have a great beer selection! I'm not a fan of most beers but this is a good place for me because they have such a wide selection there is sure to be something I will enjoy. I really like cider and have found that they have one of the best cider sections in the city.While the beer list is quite intimidating, it's excellent for people (like me) attempting to try new beers all the time.  On a mission to try them all and Cooter Brown's is a great place to start!  Fun atmosphere while watching sports.
Learn from my mistake .... when ordering RAW oysters, order at the bar.  If you order at the window, they come out fried.  oops!  Despite that mix up, fun atmosphere, and a great chance to try lots of new drinks.Came in for lunch and ordered fried shrimp with cheese fries instead of regular fries. The shrimp was pretty good, but didn't care for the cheese fries, which were more like soggy round slices of potato- not what I was expecting. Diet coke tasted weird and syrupy. It was a 20 dollar meal that shouldn't have cost more than 10 or 12 bucks. Eh..Can you still smoke in bars!? Yep, you can...in NOLA we make our own rules. So, if smoke bothers you...CB's ain't your place.
I don't smoke, but I still like this spot. A great place to watch a game! At least 7 TVs and if you ask nicely they'll put your team on. Large long tables, have a seat next to a stranger and maybe you'll make a new friend.
Great beer selection with friendly bartenders. Raw oysters shucked at the far end of the bar. If you like po boys, fried food, and beer...well get yourself over to Cooter Brown's!
(note: I think they added some more lighting...isn't so dark anymore. No longer feel like you are watching a game in a cave. Right on!)This si probably my favorite bar in the city. The beer selection is great and they frequently have rugby playing. great place to watch sports or chat. There's plenty of seating at the table arranged longways (a la oktoberfest), so it isn't a stand only college bar. Do NOT miss the cheese fries. The cooter Dog is great also.Great shrimp poboy for a Texas boy. Overflowing with crunchy coated large shrimp Awesome enormous beer selection. Non-smoking was a plus. Great place to hang out. Would go back anytime.Best burger Uptown!
Fries are weird fried potato chips, but pretty good.
Get a burger here + watch a sports game= good night out with familyt.Great beer selection, oysters aplenty, and hot food from the grill. My favorite were the disco fries (cheese fries with gravy).
Oysters are served simply on the half shell. A full toppings bar allows you to put together any combo of condiments you could think of, and plenty of crackers too.Food was ok, great beer selection but very expensive for uptown. Cramped feel with so many tables right on top of each other, and hard to get up and to the bar for a drink.Ceaser E learn correct grammer. If you are going to respond to comments and block the response that means your are incompetent to post on here. You are a bigot. You talk trash and have no balls to be a man. The people here are sanitary. They aren't my friends and the racial comments you made are ignorant. You are a true bigot to people with tattoos.  Even more of a moron you are is how do you squeeze a lemon in to a drink without your hands. Which you never answered.I remember eons ago having late, late nights at Snake and Jake's that led to late mornings and even later "breakfasts" at Cooter Brown's of a few dozen raw oysters.  I love oysters, I will eat them for breakfast but lately when I eat them, it is between the civilized hours of 3-6pm and I eat them at Luke, washed down with a French 75.  
But Friday night at 7pm rolled around and so I went to Cooter's for several dozen raw, an oyster po-boy and of course, some cheese fries.  The raw oysters are pretty reasonable, about $10 for a dozen I think.  The po-boy came on toasted and buttered bread, which I do so appreciate.  Unfortunately, they don't use Leidenheimer's bread, it's good but not what I want a po-boy on.  The BF wanted gravy on the cheese fries and it wasn't debris gravy like I thought it would be, but just a packet-style, powdered gravy.  But I still tore it up and it was all delicious.Cooter Browns is my go to place to grab oysters, I must get them here at least once a week! The shucker is also so nice, I tend to like oysters on the smaller side and he always does a great job picking them out for me. My favorite part about Cooter Browns has to be that you can make your own cocktail sauce! I love mine with the works plus loads of horseradish so the fact that I can make it myself is important to me.
I'm not really a fan of the fry up though, I've had their shrimp poboy before and it was completely average. I must say I do like their Chilli Cheese Fries though, the way they are cut is so unique!
Finally, Cooter Browns is the perfect place to watch a game with friends. Tons of TVs, lots of beer to choose from, a friendly crowd, and great oysters. So what if it smells like a bar, it IS one! What else can you ask for?This is a great bar and restaurant for the locals. The food is spectacular and both the food and drink are inexpensive. It can get loud inside, particularly when there's sports on the TV. Nice little outside seating area when the weather is good. 
Loved the muffuletta, the po boys, and the shrimp platter. 
Definitely worth the trolley car ride!This used to be my favorite place to go after work. Now their food isn't as good. I ordered the best sandwich ever, a giant muffaletta. Instead, I received a tiny flat piece of grease-soaked sponge with maybe 3 slices of meat inside. I get that meat is expensive, but dang. At least WARN people if you're going to cut one of your menu items to a quarter of its former glory. :-(It's been a long time since I been here but I must say the they have the best horseradish for the half shell oysters!Great selection of beer. Bartender at first seemed more interested in watching the game than serving, but he warmed up and was very helpful. Ordered the aoft shell crab poboy. Three different places to order and was a little confusing. Not a big fan of my poboy with a whole lot of bread and very little crab which was kind of fishy. Probably wouldn't order again."5 stars?? Really?? Nick did you hit your head??"  
Come on!  it's a bar.  Lets give it five stars for doing a $h1t hot job at its only roll in life, being a bar.  What defines a five star bar?? Glad you asked...
Smoke...  check
Enough alcohol to kill a herd of elephants...  check
156 televisions...  check
Crazy Neanderthals screaming at those 156 televisions (see above) even though the televisions can't hear them...  check
Oh and we can't forget, oysters...  check
5 star bar ladies and neanderthals!Went to Cooter Brown's just a few weeks ago. Now, I will admit, my review is a bit skewed because of factors that they cannot control. As soon as my coworker and I pulled up, there was very little options for parking. It was either in the Walgreen's parking lot, the optometrist a couple doors down (and I feared being towed there) or by the levee (and my car can't take the jump onto the curb. Poor gal).  
Once I parked, ordered my food, and met her inside, there was a group blocking entry to our table.  I asked nicely once, got loud the second time (figured they couldn't hear me over the ambiance), and just bumped and grinded my way into the booth finally (which I think was an experience enjoyed by most involved).  
Once that was all done, I realized that nature decided to make a collect call just then, so i headed to the men's room.  Let's just say it's not for the claustrophobic.  But, if I were a secret agent, that would've been prime space to wall climb and hide from the bad guys.  After that, I just grabbed my meal and went home (was still worried about towing in that lot, and I was tuckered out from freak dancing my way into a seat).  Maybe next time will be better.  Nice place though.  Always wanted to go since I was a kid.If you like a mind-blowing selection of beer, and home cooking, this is the place for you!I love this place for football.  Swooped in today for a quick lunch and got the blue bacon burger with onion rings.  Sat outside in the benches.  It is pretty good.  The atmosphere is great for football.  For football, they have better than average wings and chili cheese fries.  It hit the spot today and came out fairly quick.  Their medium burger is cooked all the way through so maybe I'll order medium rare next time.  I like a little pink in there.getting better. food is a LITTLE less painfully-salty than it was a year or so ago.Here on a jazz fest Saturday night. 845. Great beer selection. Oyster guys do it well. NO SHELL prices!!!! Great size. 9th ward special!! C'mon!
Great atmosphere! New Orleans baby!!I like this place, When the back bar is open, this place is better than Avenue Pub.  
I like to drink beer in the afternoons so I have a few suggestions for daytime operations:
1.  TURN DOWN THE VOLUME of the music so it is in the background not yelling at me such that conversation can't occur without shouting/lip reading;
2.  You have a great huge TV screen why don't you turn off the close captioning that no one is reading, so we can enjoy the sporting event without the typed out gibberish of the sports announcers.  Do this for all TVs.  This one is a huge DUH to me; and
3.  Open the back bar earlier than 5 pm, this is where your best beers are located.  Your overhead is fixed, so the cost to the owners is just paying for an extra bartender (may have to raise their pay).  
Do this and my review becomes 5 stars.  Thank you.thank you,whitney !!!!!A generous 4 solely based on how bomb my oyster po-boy was! Freshly made and right off the grill. The fried oysters were seasoned which gave them a nice flavor. I recommend putting some tartar sauce and some hot sauce to add some spice. If you order the philly cheesesteak, ask for provolone cheese. American cheese just ruins the sub. As for the place itself, it's definitely a dive bar but great for college students and a wide selection of beers. If you're a germaphobe, I recommend you to order to-go.Wow. Creative menu and delicious oysters. This place is old school and ultra casual. No windows, sports on the tvs and smoking. It's my kind of place for a low key night.LOVED It here! Excellent oysters, extremely friendly staff & awesome music. Had a blast!Great little neighborhood bar. Both the drinks and food are good for a late night. 
I got to try the cheese fries, which were greasy but delicious. Hit the spot. 
It is 21+ so obviously not a good place for kids.Maybe it was because we rolled (literally) into Cooter Brown's after an epic face-stuffing session at Cochon, but I just couldn't muster up the energy or stomach room to truly enjoy myself here. I really wish I could have because that draft beer collection is impressive. 
I am definitely not above a dive bar and even spent some hard earned quarters at the juke box while taking slow and steady sips of my strawberry Abita. We waited and waited to hear our totally awesome song choices play, and then waited some more. After a couple drinks, as the place got more crowded and smokier and our songs still didn't play, we were out. 
I'm not sure I would go out of my way to visit Cooter Brown's next time I'm in town, but I won't scratch it off the list completely!This place has the best bar food in New Orleans. Hands down. Such a classic place to take fiends from out of town if you want to show them a good time. 
Cheep beer and good music. You can take the street car right there.It's been a while since I've been back to Cooter Brown's. It was much different time and I'm appreciative of it! It now has a non-smoking policy. And the food is so much better. I remember it used to be served on plastic styrofoam cheap plates and they've upgraded everything. We ordered the cheese sticks, boudin balls, bacon ranch cheese fries and a burger. Everything was cooked perfectly (fried great too) and super quick. Would definitely recommend for a great bar food spot to watch a game etc.Great bar ambiance. My girlfriend and i went there to check out the kickoff of the 2015 NFL football and we were not disappointed. Excellent food and a lively made for a fun night. Large selection of oysters and other seafood. The chicken strips are phenomenal.I'm come to New Orleans twice a year for over 5 years...and never miss coming here each time. LOVE the beer selection and the food is great. Perfect "dive bar"...and I mean that in the most loving way.This place is pretty good because of their wide selection of beers. It's also good if you're interested in watching a game. But if you want to hang out with someone, it's not a good place for conversation. 
The place has a bunch of flat screen TVs all over the walls and at any given time there may be four different channels playing, each with the volume on. It's sensory overload. 
The place is very spacious though so it can accommodate large groups. I didn't try the food but from what I could see, it looked very promising. I'd come back to try it sometime in the future.I ended up here sort of by accident after roller skating around Audubon Park the other afternoon. It happened to be Draft Fest with WWL radio. The last game between the Lakers and the Hornets was also on, so the place was pretty noisy.
The beer selection is outstanding -- probably one of the best in the city. The food is fine, though nothing amazing. The cheese broccoli bites are pretty tasty. Seating is mostly family style. Be prepared to get to know the people around you intimately.
Plenty of TVs on every wall mean not having to turn your head to find out what's going on.A sports bar with a ton of beers. Easy enough. Cooter's also has a decent kitchen - oysters and po-boys recommended. Try to drink yourself around the world - Cooter's usually has beer from around 30 different countries. (The Golden Pheasant from Slovakia is probably the worst of the bunch.) It's a New Orleans sports bar, though, which means it's a bit more cramped than you'd expect from a sports bar but also means you're likely to get in a conversation with whoever's next to you. And it has the largest selection of beer you'd want.Ok - I'm an oyster snob. So we have that out of the way. But my wife and I drive in for a wedding during the MLB playoffs and a friend told me this was the place that would have the game on so we popped in. I had no idea it was an oyster bar or that they even had oysters. There's a guy there named "Vince" and I swear, this guy is the greatest. He and I chatted oysters for a bit then he cracked me a dozen. Then another dozen of some of the best oysters I've ever had. Between the conversation with Vince and the oysters, we planned another trip to NO and carved out a night to come here and get oysters again. I can only hope Vince is there this time too. He is definitely part of the experience!This place is as "bro" as it gets, but the food is good and affordable. Just be prepared for a cacophony of impassioned sports fans.Now no smoking. Great draft beer selection, awesome cheese fries and burgers. Great neighborhood spot.Tonight I placed a to go order for chicken fingers and upon biting into them realized they were completely raw on the inside. They were not close to being cooked. Upon driving all the way back to the restaurant I was greeted by two individuals (one being the cook) who seemed to care less about the incident. I asked if the grease could have not been hot enough (knowing items in grease are normally cooked by time) and I was told the batter could be too thick. I was offered my money back but a re-cook was not offered.** 3.5 stars **
An unassuming neighborhood sports bar that also has an outstanding and extensive globe-trotting draft and bottled beer list. These things seem to be mutually exclusive in NYC.  I should qualify that by saying Cooter's beer list also has every lightweight, mass market beer across the planet, but that just makes it merrily equal opportunity.  There are forty taps to choose from, who's complaining?  Here your beer snobs and Miller Light fans can rub shoulders at the bar and enjoy a game together. 
For food, they serve up no-frills pub grub, a generic menu of sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, salads.  A self-described oyster bar, they also have fried seafood, ordered in a separate room; order and pay, pick up after they fry those up fresh.  The platter of fried Louisiana oysters is characteristic of classic NOLA fried foods; a thick but unexpectedly light breading, easy to bite into, juicy inside.  Can't eat too many, but they're very good versions of that local specialty.
Saloon-like and unpretentious, the space is enormous, the cavernous main area filled with communal tables and multiple giant television screens showing different games simultaneously.  A semi-separated front bar area with some booths and bar tables is cozier.  A back bar open on the weekends in the main room.  Some picnic style tables outside.  
I don't recommend following our naive stroll to Cooter's along Leake Avenue; it certainly wasn't designed for pedestrians, with a sidewalk that randomly disappears.  Definitely drivable, with parking on Leake, and just a block from the St. Charles Ave streetcar's turn from St. Charles to S. Carrollton.
Not my sort of place to hang out, mostly on account of my lack of interest in both organized sports and the communal viewing of it, but even I could see its a great place for a game, some good beers, and hearty food.Raw Oysters!!! They're good here. We ordered 3 dozen. You order the oysters near the bar, but if you want other food you order it in a different area that's separated from the bar area. They're supposed to put your order number on the screen to let you know when your food is ready and you can see it when you're sitting at the bar area, but that number system didn't seem to work very well. You'll still need to go check to see if your food is ready. But, the oysters are the winner here anyway.Two stars for beer selection. One star for the hot food. ZERO FOR OYSTER BAR. 
They're always dirty and gritty- speckled w bits of shell. You cant be perfect, but come on. Worst of all, they don't keep them cold enough- tastes like someone ate some mud and hocked a loogie into an oyster shell. Any warmer and I'd expect them to be chargrilled.Awful, over-priced hell-hole.
The bartenders are widely known to be some of the rudest in New Orleans.  The only thing going for this place is the admittedly decent beer selection.
The food is meh AND expensive!  A bottle of Chimay White?  16 bucks.  Unbelievable.
And again, the bartenders are so amazingly rude and crude.  They ignore patrons that don't kiss up to them and they yell at people for not being snappy, they allow jerk local jocks to film everyone in the bar - which really sucks because the light from the camera blinds people and makes it impossible to see the screens.  They refuse to caption any television, even when deaf people are present.
They're just a bunch of jerks that make money off the know-nothing college kids and tourists (note how many positive reviews come from these demographics).
STEER CLEAR.This will always be one of my favorite taverns. They have an awesome beer list. And all quaffs are reasonably priced. Unlike fancier pubs, Cooter's has a decidedly sports friendly slant...over 1 dozen screens. My personal favorite reason: they ALWAYS have the Steelers!! If you're hungry just walk up to the food counter and place your order. Fries, po-boys, wings... All good and grubby!!! If you are looking for a chill place to watch the game, it's worth the ride to make Cooter Browns your place. 
P.S it DOES get crowded on game days so get there early for the best seat selection.Service is ok. You have to order beer and food in different places. The corn beef was dry, meat pies are sub-par. I ordered a side salad and it was ok. Beer selection is good.Just who does that British bouncer think he is??? Does he think that he's better than me??? Well let me tell you something mate, he definitely is not. Food is great and the barstaff are a joy to be around.Beer heaven!!!!  Hundreds of beer available, from around the world, bottled and on tap.  Could have stayed all day tasting beers!  The shrimp po'boys weren't too shabby either.   Yum, yum, yum!  And a fun sportsbar, with a jukebox, pool tables, and plenty of family style tables perfect for socializing with friends and making new ones.
For visitors to the city, Cooter's is real easy to get to on the St. Charles Streetcar.  Take the streetcar to Riverbend and get off at the bend.  Cooter's is right on the river.One of my favorite sports bars in the city. They make excellent sandwiches and po-boys, although they are a tad pricey. They have a large selection of beers and several TV's. I think they have about 10 or more. Its a great place to watch NFL games on Sundays whether you just want to watch the Saints or if you want to see every other game going on at that time as well. Nice atmosphere and a fun crowd. If you're an out of towner you'll likely find a table of your home team fans here. Every week they have fans of just about every team hanging out here, so dont think its only Saints fans. Overall a great bar for locals and tourist who dont want to miss a game
O and I hear the oysters are great too, I dont eat em so I cant tell you for sureI'm a New Orleans girl. Born & raised, and this is one of my all time favorite spots for a great poboy. The family and I always eat outside to avoid the smokey interior and bar atmosphere. Of  course they offer the bar experience too, though I'm not too keen on that. Now, It IS a bar, so have your ID ready. Adults can order inside and underage patrons can dine on the benches outside. There is even a New Orleans Daiquiri directly across the street. Fresh oysters or a poboy outside with a daiquiri on a wooden picnic bench spells a great Sunday afternoon to me! It's one of those places I never pass up when I visit home.Finally got my wife to agree to go to Cooter Brown's, last time i was in the place was 27 years ago. 26 years ago we left New Orleans to eke out a living in the mid west. Over the years we have been back about a dozen times visiting family.
I was regular patron of the place, as they have an extensive selection of beers from around the world and of course Oysters on the half shell. The little kitchen in the back made some good poor boys and they had a good burger as well.
We use to come hear after working our shifts at Christian's, back then I was working as the Pastry Chef and soft shell crab smoker. Before that i used mingle with the students from Tulane and Loyola Universities blowing off steam and getting tanked as we listened to live acts like the Radiators on Friday and Saturday nights.  Good times at Cooter Brown's.
The place hasn't changed a bit, a new micro beer bar in the back and a bigger screen TV on the wall maybe new additions since I last threw money down there.
On this visit we went for lunch, the place was empty and had that malty beer and cleaning fluid smell ordered a dozen oysters and a couple of drafts. Oyster were ice cold, salty and plump. Followed up with the pulled pork sandwich, a generous portion of stringy tender strands of roasted pork with vinegar slaw.  My wife had the spinach salad with shrimp lots of shrimp,  blue cheese, a bunch of spinach. Got another round of drafts too.
This is a working mans/student hangout that is less on ambiance on more on resonable priced beer, with great beer selections and good food and can't forget them Oysters!I ordered the Radiator Special, which is my favorite poboy here. The sauces are delicious and spicy and the shrimp and oysters were fried perfectly, with the pickles adding just the right touch of acidity. The atmosphere is casual and easy, the kind of place where you could go to talk, drink, and shoot pool for hours.Great place to stop and have any type of beer you can think of.  They have over 100 beers on the menu.  I heard the food was amazing but we went just for the beer.decent dive bar at the end of the St charles trolly line. cheap drinks. dark atmosphere. they do have fresh oysters.Cooter Brown's is my go to place for oysters.  I used to be one of those people that swore by Acme, and I still do love their chargrilled oysters done like no one else, but Cooter Brown's lacks the tourists and nightmare of the FQ.  Fresh oysters are $14/dz and you make your own cocktail sauce.  Everyone should know how to make their own sauce for their taste (ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, tabasco, worcestershire is how I like it...) Order oysters to the far rear of the bar.
Great selection of beers and other poisons you could ask for.  Giant TVs all around so you're sure to find a game or program to your liking. There is a little walk-up bar food restaurant to the right of the entrance where you can get your assortment of bar foods: burgers, fries, sandwiches, etc.  Decor is dark and divey, loud and smokey.  I'm not a smoker so I'd prefer if they were non-smoking, but I do realize it's a tavern so I keep my mouth shut.Review for drinks and ambiance only:
My big party came here for a round of drinks at our halfway Charles Street Trolley 'tour'. We chose it for thinking it'd be just a cheap dive, and while it was cheap, it had so much character!! The hand carved celebrities that adorn the walls up near the ceiling are nothing short of special.
They also offer a fantastic selection of beer - belgians, craft ales, a good draft selection - I'd be happy to have Cooter Browns as a local spot.Some of the cheapest (and best) ersters in the city. Epic beer selection as well! I love this place.pretty much experienced everything everyone else said. Our first meal in NOLA because of proximity ordered too much and spent too much but wanted to try a few things, good not great though  oysters ($8 for 6) they just put them on a plastic cafeteria tray kinda tacky, great beer on draft selection, not much of  fried food eaters but got the seafood platter and it was as good as fried fish as I ever had clean and fresh tasting, fries are actually slices and made for real not frozen factory fries. Gator sausage quesadilla was excellent and for kicks tried the  hot boudin which was good but no expert on those things and the cashier didn't know exactly what type of meat was in it (she should at least know that for several reasons). But she did steer us away from the blue crab, which she said was small and overpriced. the major disappointment was the house salad (we didn't even eat, very unappetizing just iceberg in a plastic clam shell), and the bartenders are pretty clueless and slow as molasses. portions are large so splitting a good option. It looked like crayfish the hot tip when in season, lots of Tv big screen and roaring music and Loud conversation def a happening local spot. enjoyed it for what what it was, but there's much better food out there.