Worst gumbo ever - rice was so hard I almost broke a tooth.  Bananas foster waffle not so great either.  So looking forward to both-what a disappointment.It was ok, I had pretty low expectations. Atmosphere is nice, food is ok and service is terrible. No better or worse than any other Copeland's.We went for happy hour and we had the best martinis and crab & cheese dip! Our server was super sweet and she attended to us well.This is set up in an old car dealership at the foot of St. Charles, and was the focus of much controversy before it opened as uncle al and anne rice bickered over it.  The cheesecake is great, but the food is mildly overpriced and somewhat stupid.  You won't get a bad meal, but you might not get what you ordered, either, as the staff is kind of worthless in my experience.The service was very slow, the food came out just ok and somehow kind of cold (it was a hot meal). The only good part of the night was the cheese cake, it was pretty good.
i guess if you only go for cheese cake and you take it to go, you may want to drop a 4 or 5 stars. But overall it was a bad experience till the desert...DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.  Will seriously waste minutes of your life that you'll never get back.  Walked in mid-afternoon on a Sunday.  Although taking names many open tables were evident.  Finally seated after 20+ minutes, only to be seated with no approach by any server for beverages.  One employee did ask if a server had stopped by and we informed him no they had not.  15 minutes later still NO SERVICE.  Walked out, but before leaving, noticed manger and asked "Would you expect that if a party is seated, that a sever would at least approach and take a drink order?" To which he answered, "yes."  Subsequently informed him, to bad that didn't happen!"
BAD SERVICE...NO SERVICE = NO BUSINESSThe Copelands Cheesecake Bistro was awesome.  I had the friend chicken with asparagus quinoa and it was yummy.  My meal was about $14 so not so bad and the place had some great air conditions since it was so hot...man I was meltingI would give this place 3.5 stars if I could, but Yelp won't allow me to.
We came here twice during a trip to New Orleans, both times ordering steak (we love a good steak) for dinner.  The steaks came to our table piping hot,  same as Ruth's Chris, and the waiter warned us not to touch the plates.
Our server suggested for dessert to try the bananas foster so that's what we had.
The dessert was really good.
The cool thing was that Jim had ordered a Hurricane before we ordered our food.  He normally doesn't drink much so we didn't realize it was going to come in a HUGE gigantic glass!!  Of course he couldn't finish it, so the waiter offered to pour the rest in large to go cup.
So out we went with Jim and his giant to go cup.  We were taking the trolley so luckily he didn't have to drive.WOW! This place should be the example of bad service for the failing culinary world. I am literally still confused how I ended up eating in this place. The service was just as bad as the food. The management was and is clueless. I beg anyone with a bit or an ounce of culinary respect to avoid this extremely poor quality of a restaurant. If you do go, remember these two things "Sub Par Quality" and "Bad Service".Cheesecake was awesome. Parking was an issue. And service was not up to par. And I was charged for soda water! TCame to this place for happy hour currently sitting at the bar area and I've been waiting almost 40 min for my drink and appetizer and the place isn't even busy I'm just expecting my food to be cold my drink better be strongCopelands pre-Katrina; amazing! Post Katrina and Post Al, avoid. The niece HAD to go here, this was a couple years back during graduation season, so it was busy. We had a decent wait, nothing unexpected. The food was god awful. My high school cafeteria put better food out than this. No flavor, bland, pre-cooked pasta, nothing we had was good and we had a party of about 7 if I recall correctly. The food definitely tasted off.
We tried to talk her out of it but she was adamant. I had no choice, I was held prisoner at the whim of the family! I am really glad no one fell ill. We were expecting it. We were so disgusted we did not order cheesecake, not that we had the appetite for it. Just, yuk.
As a side note, this location is right across the street from Delmonico and near Commander's Palace. How it's still in business is beyond my understanding, poor Al must be rolling in his mausoleum.Im ONLY giving it 1 star becaue I don't have the option to choose no stars. We came here to celebrate my best friend's birthday, and two of the people in our party ordered the seafood platter. The fish smelled HORRIBLE!!!! We asked for the manage, who's last name is Haley. She was asked to smell it, but she refused to and said that she will have them, meaning the chef, to smell it. She didn't apologize,  and had a look on her face as if we were bothering her. So she walked away with the plates,  and never came back....until we asked for her. She came over and we asked if the chef smelled the fish, or if she smelled it, and she said the she didn't. Once again, she was nonchalant! She was going to remove it from the bill, but all she removed from a platter that cost $23.95 was $5!!! YES... $5!!!!! So we asked her back to the table. Her excuse was that she determined how much that portion of fish would cost, and that's what she deducted. We had to explain how rotten the fish was before she would consider removing it from the bill. Her response was....no one else complained. Really???? She reluctantly removed it from the bill. But NEVER again will we eat at this location!!! And I do mean NEVER!!! Little Ms. Hailey is the worst restaurant manager that any of us have ever encountered. And that fish was bound to cause food poison!!! Do yourself a favor.....DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!The food was ok and my server was super sweet. I ordered the bacon bloody mary and the crawfish ravioli. My wife ordered the French onion soup and side of broccoli. The bloody mary was made strong and had a unique flavor. It wasn't for me, but it was a good drink. The ravioli was a large portion and tasted like how you would expect from a chain restaurant, but definitely not what I'm used to in New Orleans. The soup was good. They use sweeter onions than most places, but it was still good. The broccoli is cooked hot and still firm and crunchy. I personally don't plan on returning, but if you are staying nearby it's worth trying.Great service at the Bar! Thanks Lauryn!
I thoroughly enjoyed the Shrimp & Fried Crabmeat salad. NOTE: I substituted the lettuce for spinach to make it extra healthy and delicious.
This salad is definitely a meal! The plate comes filled with all of the savory goodness of the south: crispy romaine (or fresh spinach) shrimp, crab, boiled eggs; avocado and capers. The flavors work well together to create a delicious and filling meal.
Next time I'll save room for their yummy cheesecake. Every piece looked fabulous in the display case!Very huge plates of food and oh so stuffed! Service was fast. Delicious and filling. One plate could feed 2 ppl.This used to be my favorite place until 2 weeks ago.I took my family out for dinner there was a wait and there was no one at the host stand which wasn't the problem. And I noticed roaches crawling all over the host stand where they assist you with a table. Seeing roaches crawl all over made me realize this not the place to eat you only imagine what's in the kitchen!! I have to say goodbye to cheesecake bistro on st Charles!!Terribly slow service- took 30 minutes just to serve us two desserts! Also brought me a glass of curdled milk. Ugh!Terrible!! Terrible service!! Terrible management. Cold, overdone food! Ordered the 1/2 chicken, got two burned pieces after a 45 minute wait!!! My roast beef poor boy was cold, soggy and did not come with the gravy that was advertised!Stopped by here for lunch one day on my way to check out Lafayette Cemetery... I was only looking for a quick lunch, so I didn't care whether or not it was a chain restaurant. I was pretty impressed that this restaurant has free, valet parking... kind of odd, but "thank you sir, here are my keys..." 
This place is definitely the southern version of "The Cheesecake Factories" I'm used to seeing on the west coast, but at least Copeland's menu isn't the size of a dictionary! Great customer service and the food was good.. had the typical lunch fare of sandwiches and salads, but didn't have room to try the cheesecake. This place served it's purpose, and I would go back again if I was in the same lunch time predicament.Traditionally, a must-have stop on trips home. Definitely lost a star or two over the years, but it still works for a quick bite.
Crab & crawfish bake & crawfish ravioli are prob my faves!
Bar service leaves so much to be desired.
If you absolutely have a craving, just get itAte here for the first time and will never come back. Service was bad, food was bad, drinks from the bar were bad. Had the driest lemon garlic chicken ever. Complained to the waitress and she offered some sauce to moisten it up. That wouldnt help, this was day old  chicken, because parts of the chicken was just plain inedible. Like when you reheat chicken several time over the edges start to get hard. Thats what they served, when it should have never made it out of the kitchen. Our waitress could have starred in Houdini, because she always dissappearing for long periods of time. The garlic potatotes were also cold and not very good at all. Will never come back to this place. Diners beware.........Eat here at your own risk!!!This has to be good for a tourist. Because the food cannot pass for New Orleans cuisine for people that are from here. Nothing intresting that sticks out the menu. The last time I was there, I didn't know what to order.. Nothing seemed appealing. 
The only upside to this place is the cheesecake.Horrible service.  Another customer called the Manager to get service.  Sat there 20 minutes and still did not have a Happy Hour drink.  Food was very cold. Never came back to check on us or to take another drink order. Word of mouth said "Don't go there" but I did not listen.  Will not go there againSteak flavor was very good.  I did have to send it back to the kitchen as it was under cooked.  The service was very slow to none.  This is not the place to go if you are looking for friendly attentive service.  For the question below - waiter service - it's between yes and no with a lean to no.Horrible service!!! We were forgotten about multiple times, everytime we saw our waitress she apologized! Overpriced but the food was good. Will never come back here.. And don't recommend it to anyone in New Orleans!So 7 of us went here for a birthday dinner. There is complimentary ballet which is a plus because this restaurant is on a busy street. 
Anastasia was so sweet. My husband and I had the paneéd chicken with crawfish linguine and the buffalo wings. The wings were piping hot when they came out. As a matter of fact everything that came to the table was hot.... which is a good thing.
The wings were bland without the sauce and the sauce when added wasn't that flavorful either. The paneéd chicken and linguine was good but the pasta was dry. I asked for  more sauce and she brought it and with a little salt it was spot on. 
My cousin ordered the mini crash and burn and said it wasn't good and she didn't enjoy her seafood platter either 
The food was pretty average to say the least. Anastasia was very nice and made the experience a good oneThis is our first time in New Orleans and we arrived at our hotel after 9 pm. Our concierge gave us a coupon for a free dessert at the Cheescake Bistro, so we thought, what the heck. 
The restaurant was clean and the atmosphere nice.
We ordered the eggplant fries as an appetizer with the seafood sauce. It was just ok. I love eggplant so maybe my expectations are high. 
New Orleans is definitely a place for seafood lovers. There wasn't really any vegetarian options. Shame too, because their build your own burger would have been good with a veggie burger option. 
My husband ordered the crawfish ravioli (note to all, I won't touch shellfish ) and I had the Cobb salad with salmon (sans bacon). My husband loved his ravioli. This was his first time trying crawfish. He thought it a stronger fishy flavor, but he said it balanced nicely with the sauce.
My salad was excellent. It was a huge portion and the salmon was cooked just right. 
For our free dessert we decided to try their white chocolate bread pudding. Heaven!!!  This was a large portion so I definitely recommend sharing. 
Our server Anthony was very nice and the best surprise - they give a 50% military discount!!!  I was so surprised!  I will definitely stop by here again before we leave.This is the 4th time I said I'm not going back. I try to give them another chance but I am through! Don't know if owner or management change but it is awful. This was my favorite place to eat. First the order was not pt in by our waitress. She changed sections. New waitress came 15mins later to take order again. We pick 2 healthy choices. It was burned and drenched in sauce.  Manager did not offer to replace it or refunded our $50 back. He only took off $7 dessert!  NOT GOING THERE EVER,!!!Great service and great food! First time I've ever eaten here and will definitely not be my last. Waiter was excellent!My cousin brought me a Caesar salad with grilled chicken to go to our hotel room. IT SUCKED!! No dressing on the side just lettuce chicken and a few croutons! She has so many problems with her eat in order that they wrote the whole thing off! Won't be coming back here!Too much of a good thing is bad.  I'm not sure when the over indulgent Cajun Chef train came chugging along, but Al Copeland is in one of the front cars and the caboose looks like Paul Prudohme.  Sometimes "sinfully rich" doesn't equal pleasing, and Copeland's menu is as disgustingly over the top as his famed Christmas light's displays.  The restaurant's few redeemding qualities:  valet parking for the parallel-parking inept, circular booths (because those are neat), and a varied and tasty array of cheesecakes.  Pass on the meals, walk in for the desserts.  I'd toss in an extra 1/4 of a star if the waitstaff wore cheesecakes on their heads.The cheesecake bistro still has good cheesecake but the food I had was horrible the spinach dip was cold and so was my skimpy ass seafood platter they use to be my go to but they are getting worst with time y'all need to step up in the food departmentThis place has seriously lost its luster. Back in the day, this was a favorite. Based on my last visit, I would not return with a gift card. 
We stopped in after a busy day filled with errands and decided to grab a bite because of its location and our prior experiences. It was pretty pathetic. All of the drinks were very watered down. 
Despite the cocktail disappointment, we ordered food. This too turned out to be terrible idea. One entree had avocados which were completely brown. One would think, they should have said they were out or simply left them off the plate.I normally love Copeland's restaurants but this particular location is clearly not held to the same expectations or standards of the Copeland brand restaurants. The atmosphere is more like a run downed cafeteria. The carpet is torn in some areas and the booths look like they haven't been wiped down in ages. The hostesses are more worried about socializing and playing on there phones then greeting guests & seating them. We were served our drinks in styrofoam cups, had to get our own silverware from another table and our waitress although friendly seemed to be constantly on the go, coming and dropping off so quickly that we would have to wait until she came back to "check" on us to ask for condiments. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and asked for extra sauce on the side, only to get cold chunky "sauce" in a cup that resembled a butter like texture. Needless to say we won't be back to this particular location unless it's the last place on earth to eat.This place use to be one of the premier restaurants in New Orleans. I haven't been here in a while so I was expecting the same great experience I had on my last visit some time ago.  OMG was I set up. The food was awful and the service was just as bad. I will not recommend this place to anyone. I had the shrimp pasta pizza bowl and it was disgusting. I still have a nasty taste in my mouth.  They only got one star because of the King Cake Cheesecake.We came here for lunch just before we had to head out to the airport. Tanika was our waitress and she served us quickly and efficiently. Food was pretty good for the price. I had the crawfish ravioli which comes with a small salad and some bread. It was a good size meal for lunch. To my surprise it also came with a brownie.   Bright atmosphere, and fairly quiet but we were there just after opening.Horrible, took them an hour to cook a burger (that sucked) and had to chase down a completely separate waiter just to order a drink. Then the bill was wrong and they just walked away.......go literally anywhere elseI came to celebrate a birthday with friends for happy hour and the service was subpar at best. We ordered our food and drinks at the same time but receive our food first and drinks 20 min after our food. We were charged the wrong amount after the waiter took our cards with our receipts attached with the correct card. This is ridiculous and Copelands should get new employees ASAP...mgmt only came to fix the cash error.Excellent family dining experience. Sunday brunch is the best with the $2 bottomless mimosas!!I have a personal issue with the location of the "front" door, which is hidden on the side of the building, however I suppose the intent is for you to use the valet.  
The fried catfish here is really good, but it frustrates me that the sides are only okay, and that the prices are so damn high.  Really, appetizers shouldn't cost more than lunch entrees.  Also, the appetizer portions are reeeeeally small.
The awesome thing about this place is that they have a Sunday buffet, and though I have not been early enough or hungry enough to justify partaking in this deliciousness, I have surveyed others heaping their plates with amazing looking food.Yes, we went to Copeland's on St.Charles. I was feeling squirrely and we had never been there. No problems parking. No problems getting a seat. The food was food. Nothing to get excited about. I had the ginger-chili shrimp from the low cal menu. To be honest the size of the meal was perfect for me. He had Tuna steak with garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach. And you don't go to Copeland's and not get a slice of cheesecake. I had the caramel cheesecake...and holy crap, that thing was huge. But it was very tasty. He had the white chocolate-raspberry. He said he really enjoyed it. The place is clean and we felt well cared for by our waitress. She was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and eager to recommend certain dishes. I gave it 3 stars because we sat in a booth and my side had a big worn spot. The pleather had huge cracks in it. And Nic kept calling it a high class Denny's...it did kind of feel that way with the giant, spiral bound, plastic menus..lol. I doubt well will go back. The price for our meal, did not match our food.The food is always pretty good here, brunch is well known about & the happy hours are great but the service is slow during them. Fair experience nonetheless!At one point in time Copelands used to be a very scrumptous place to eat, however, since they converted to the whole cheesecake bistro. Not so good. Service always lags and how hard is it to serve HOT MASHED POTATOES?????????????????????  WOnt be returning.It's been a while since I been in this location, but recently went back.  My experience is definitely different from my 2010 experience in my initial post.
Service: Our server was friendly and sweet and she was just really cool so she was the redeeming factor at this location. She was knowledgeable and made suggestions and was just pleasant. The food on the other hand was just blah. I went with the pot roast with Mac and cheese that just came out a little too chewy and not too hot. The individual I was with was not pleased with her food as well and had to send it back because it was extremely chewy pasta.
Overall it just wasn't a good night at this location, but of course everyone has down nights. Sundays are a good time to visit with little to no wait as a tip. Also there is valet parking and if you sign up for their list you will find out about specials and deals you can take advantage of.I have been twice so far and I like their food, which was a surprise to me because I am not a fan of the Cheesecake Factory so I wasn't expecting to be a fan of this place either. 
I went with a party of about 12 the first time and 5 the second time, everyone enjoyed their food and we all ordered something different. 
This place has quickly become one of my favorites, and I am pretty picky. 
I have never gotten bad service from there personally, but I am sure as with any restaurant, it's bound to happen.Was told the wait was 20-30 minutes.
Had seen a few tables open while entering and the same ones while leaving.
Staff management issues maybe ?
Had dinner elsewhere and quicker.What happened to this place?! I can't even begin to state everything I had a problem with. (Food-crap, service-slow and crappy, cleanliness-crap.) This place should just close. The only reason I won't complain about 1 star being too much is that the valet guys parked my car in the front. I was ecstatic about it because I could drive away as fast as I could.The staff were beyond rude. When we arrived, we were told it was going to be a 30 minute wait. The staff just weren't in any rush. Nasty attitudes all around. The food smelled amazing but we left after seeing the manager flirting with female customers.  DON'T WASTE YOUR NEW ORLEANS EXPERIENCE  HERE!My boyfriend and I popped in here one night to grab some cheesecake at the bar and I'm serious when I tell you that we sat at the bar for 20 minutes and were not even acknowledged in the slightest. And they didn't even seem that busy. Sad considering the reputation the name has--next time I'll try the north shore for my sweet tooth!I was wary of this place after reading some of the reviews, however it being my fathers long time favourite restaurant to visit in New Orleans, I just hoped it was not as bad as some people said. And I was pleasantly suprised! This place has delectable seafood; I ordered the salmon with creamed spinach which was bursting with flavour. My brother, who is vegan explained of his dietry requirements and the waiter was more than happy to help, helping him decide on a dish that fit his needs. The only reason I have not given this a 5 star is due to the service - we went at not a very busy time however it felt from how long it took for the food to come out that it was a lunch rush! So my one warning is; don't go here if you're in a hurry to eat, as you'll be waiting for your food for quite some time, but it is worth it.Had an awesome time today at Sunday Brunch with my family our waiter Shawn was very attentive to our needs he's the best.Return guest very unhappy with the host and seating. Requested booth and was told not avail; however there were several empty booths. The host had no interest in satisfying her guest.  She was very unprofessional and made it known that she didn't care.  During our dinning the booth we requested; another guest was seated at the booth.  This location customer service is very poor.I ordered the Panéed Chicken Over Crawfish Linguine with fried chicken instead of grilled chicken. It didn't taste good at all, pasta was very dry with little to no sauce. Other than the food, the waitstaff was very friendly and the restaurant was very clean. Also, the complimentary valet parking is a huge plus.Good service. Reasonable prices. Open late. Very flavorful food. The cobb salad I shared with my sister was tasty. My chicken dinner was awesome, the sauce was stupendous and my sister raved about her dinner, the crawfish ravioli, (I'm allergic to shellfish so I took her word for it). If you are staying in the garden district it's a great place for lunch or dinner or even late night supper.Anyone who knows me, knows that I am a steak connoisseur. I can honestly say that this restaurant's filet is in my Top 5. I prefer my steak medium to medium well, and I have found that some restaurants have a difficult time getting that balance. My steak was not undercooked nor over. My knife slipped right through it with not effort at all. My sides, sautéed spinach and mashed potatoes, were complimentary to the steak...of course with a glass of Cabernet. 
The service was impeccable. 
The only reason I gave this restaurant one star short of 5, is because when we walked in it took about 3-5 minutes for someone to even greet us with a hello. I had to initiate a greeting, which in my opinion is unacceptable.Ordered a Specialty Drink New Orleans Iced Tea which is there take on a Long Island with a shot of Grand Marnier.  So when it comes it looks Dark Brown and light yellow at the bottom, it tasted sweet and sour.  That's not a Long Island with 4 clear liquors so the server ask how the drink was and I said "not good and sweet". He told the manager and he tried to tell me that the Grandmarnier is what made the drink sweet I guess he thought I was a fool because you would have to have a lot of Grandmarnier to make a drink terribly sweet.  I brought it to his attention that it has so much sour mix in it you can see it at the bottom of the drink.  Then he said "well it has a splash of sour " but a minute ago you said it had only 4 white liquors and Grandmarnier so I politely said "well you can just take it back then."  When I come out with my wife for a drink at a nice establishment I don't feel like I have to argue with the manager over a drink not being up to Par.I am sorry I had to give Copeland's a 3, a weak 3 at that. It's defiantly not A-Ok with me.
Twice in the same month I had the same experience.  Dry Pasta bowls.  
A pasta dish in a sauce over Bread will have the bread soaking up the sauce.  But the pasta should not be so dry that you have to order extra sauce just to eat it.  This dish was not always like this. I don't know if they changed the bread or they just stop using enough sauce but I won't be ordering it again.  
The cheesecake is always very good. The large chicken wings they are famous for are delicious but I would not order them to go. After trying 3 times and comparing them to the ones in the restaurant,  no one can convince me they don't pick the smaller more regular sized ones for take out.   I can get regular hot wings anywhere.  
If I were able to I would give the servers a 4.  Consistently, I had good service even when
busy.  It was just the food I had issues with.  Which is disappointing since it is a visitor favorite.  (Visited St.Charles Bistro only).I gave this place another chance, simply because it was always such a favorite of mine. I am glad I did. I ordered the spicy fried chicken place with a side of macaroni and cheese. It was a great bargain at $8.95. I have noticed that most other lunch entrees in similar type restaurants have been inching towards $13 per dish.
The chicken was fried so well, that Al Copeland would be proud! Fresh, hot, crispy, divine! I think this was even better than Willie Mae's. 
The macaroni and cheese was pretty good too. Creamy, basic, not fancy. Good portion.
The hot crab dip was a tad disappointing. It had more artichokes than (hardly discernable) crab. 
My friend got a Thai chicken wrap and had the same problem as last time: cold, oily chunks with skin, bone and tendon still attached. Very unappetizing. They need to tweak this and use chicken breast.
I'll give them another chance, but will stick with the chicken!Bleh! If you like the Cheesecake Factory, Copeland's Cheesecake Bistro will disappoint you. It has potential for cheesecake lovers, but in the end, this restaurant will fail you. Our server was awful. He switched the beer order without informing us and a half hour after I ordered the Cobb salad, he told me that the kitchen didn't have all the right ingredients to make it so he asked me to order something else. This place was incredibly noisy and busy for the crappy service and experience we had. I won't be coming back here.Worse service ever. Just came here on a Sunday afternoon. Barely had anyone in it. Sat down and no one bothered to greet us. We waited for over 20 minutes and still couldn't get someone to get our drink orders. Tables that were sat after us got drinks before us and we STILL hadnt seen a server. Tried to finally flag someone down and she looked right at us and ignored us. Went to bathroom and staff was sitting around eating. TERRIBLE SERVICE. We left feeling highly insulted and disappointed. Wish I could give them negative or half star.it looks like someone unearthed Al Copeland's tomb and spread the neuvo riche artifacts all over the place.  I really wasn't surprised to see several members of the Jersey Shore fan club out for a classy evening.  The music was so loud I was waiting for someone to jump up and scream "This is my Jam" and start to dance.  I am not sure where "new orleans flavor" got defined as burn your hole the next day hot. There are thousands of spices herbs and seasonings use them wisely.Soooo disappointing! I have been here before, years ago and loved it. I've also been to the Atlanta location... so after talking this up to my friends for two days we got in a cab and headed there. We were seated immediately. Our server Katrice came and greeted us and I knew immediately this wasnt going to be great. She walked and spoke slowly, like she was hungover and we interrupted her nap. I got peach tea, which was yummy. My friends got peach tea and an arnold palmer. We also asked for water which we had to ask for 4 addtl times before we finally got it. Then we sat for 20 mins waiting for Katrice to take our order. Finally she comes back.. my friends both ordered chicken and waffles, I ordered crawfish ravioli and we ordered a side of mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was nothing more than runny box mac and cheese. It used to be a baked wedge of goodness. I guess times are hard. One friends chick and waffles looked great, the other had a burned crispy waffle. My crawfish ravioli was lukewarm so it really wasnt good. When Katrice came back, we complained.. she gave us an insincere apology. We asked only to have the mac and cheese which was $3.95 removed since we barely touched it. She said we'd have to speak to the manager. We said GREAT. Next she brought the bill, the $3.95 was credited. Guess the manager didnt want to talk to us. Ill never go back.. too bad.. good memories of yumminess ruined!A little pricey, but WOW! The food is amazing.
Margo and I enjoyed the shrimp and eggplant appetizer. It was amazingly delicious with just a touch of spicey and a wonderful sauce. I would highly recommend it.Uuugh.  
That's how I feel about this awful Cheesecake Factory knock-off.  
Bad, bland food, poor service, and just about no redeeming qualities.
With all the phenomenal restaurants in NOLA, I can't fathom how anyone would want to return to this place.I give this place 3.2 stars.
Good things: I did not find the food bland.  Wasn't the best ever, but I thought the crayfish ravioli was tasty as was the slab of tuna.  We got the bread pudding for dessert, that was a delight as well.  Only the sparkling wine, which tasted watery, was a let down.  The service was very good, almost to the point of being too over the top (I think it was a staff training day or something).  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  
Cons: Price is a bit high for what it is.  Atmosphere is...classy?  I dunno, it wasn't bad, just not my thing.  I prefer a place with a bit more charm.
I probably will not go here again.  We only tried it because we had a 1/2 off coupon, I don't think I would pay full price.  Perhaps as another reviewer said, if I need a classier place to take geriatrics?  Nah...This may have been some of the best food I've ever had. I only hope that the one in Atlanta is as good since I won't be traveling back to NOLA anytime soon!Just a little background I had gone to the one in Atlanta and I didn't really like the food. My cousin (who lives in N.O.) insisted that I try one of the originals in New Orleans and promised I wouldn't be disappointed. We started with the valet almost trying to encourage us to eat somewhere else. There was an hour left before they closed. We sit in the bar area and it took 25 minutes for them to take our order and probably another 20 for it to come out. They gave my cousin the wrong meal and left my side dish. My cousin asked for silverware and they gave us plasticware. (I have pictures of that mess) our waitress had a nice temperament but her team was clearing letting her all the way down! One of the host who was on dish duty left early, which is why they didn't have clean silverware. The food was ok but the plasticware was throwing me off so bad.... a $30 meal with plasticware. I literally could not get over it. Packing up to leave was a slight disaster too. My cousin asked for a to go coke, our waitress gave us an empty cup. (There was nothing left in my cousins glass to pour...so idk what was supposed to happen with that)  The ticket reflected my cousins meal and my meal and my ticket had my meal on it too.  Long story not short....I will never go back to a bistro...in any city. I think my dollars could go further elsewhere.Cheesecake Bistro was one of two vendors of choice to feed the multitudes who volunteered for a local Louisiana event that involved multiple meetings. Happy to see them chosen because they are a local vendor.  On the first day they offered wraps and sandwiches.  Many of us chose the Thai chicken wrap. There was a nice peanut sauce and plenty of chicken and the wrap was delicious.  
Fast forward two more meetings - same lunches for the volunteers.  The same Thai Chicken wrap was by then 99% wrap, virtually no chicken and zero peanut sauce.  I'm not sure why Cheesecake Bistro was cutting corners on their servings - they lost hundreds of potential customers who would never eat there again.  
Folks were taking a bite, looking at their sandwich like... "isn't there anything in this?" and setting it down.  The folks that hired Cheesecake Bistro were gypped out of decent lunches for their volunteers and the volunteers were almost gagging on their "sandwiches".  I was embarrassed to see this coming from a local vendor!   Zero quality control - probably hoping the folks that hired them wouldn't notice???  Not sure, but I won't ever eat at their restaurant again and based on the discussions with the other volunteers, neither would they.  
p.s. There was another vendor catering these meetings on alternate days and while they were not locally owned, their quality was at least consistently good.  Wish I could have said the same for Cheesecake Bistro.Delicious food, their bananas foster waffles are amazing! Also their Lobster Alfredo ravioli for dinner was yummy! Nice staff, took a while for breakfast but delicious once we received it. Good mimosa specials on theRainy night so we decided to stay dry and eat here, I'm glad we did. Great service, thanks Anastasia! Had the buffalo wrap and it was delicious! Loved the sweet potato fries as well. The serving size was large.We had dinner there 3.27.17, my son ordered the roast beef po boy. It was awful. The meat was tough and fatty. It came with awful lettuce, awful tomatoes. It went to waste and I had to get a cheese pizza for take out. I had the cheeseburger. It was divine. The downside was the staff was not friendly and didn't make much eye contact (which always makes me nervous about how they're preparing our food.) Our water glasses left a black imprint on the napkins they were placed on. The cleanliness was definitely lacking. We won't go back.Wow this place was neat. There was a wall of ice holding bottles of booze in the bar and a wall of fire. 
I had the Crawfish Ravioli. It was perfect. Just enough spice and a perfect cream sauce. I would definitely order this again, after I try other menu items. It is a bit pricey for the portions, but it is on par with other similar restaurants. All the items ordered looked very appealing on the plate. 
I would visit again next time I am in New Orleans.Went for the Sunday brunch with a couple of friends and they definitely have alot of selections, but it'd be nice if they were edible. There were a few things on point: the cheese grits, and omelet station and the Belgian waffles. Everything else was too greasy or too tough, and since when are mimosas not part of the drinks selection for a brunch?!? Definitely not worth that additional $7. For $30 a person I definitely expected better food.Was in NOLA for Mardi Gras this past spring. It was definately busy, and the wait was to be expected, but our server practically ignored us the whole time. After our orders were taken, food was brought out by someone else and he didn't check back until we were ready for our bill, although he was running past our table helping his other customers.
Regardless of the service, the food was good. The crawfish ravioli was fabulous and the portion was gigantic! I took a slice of dolce de leche cheesecake home with me, it was also gigantic! I ate it for dessert two nights in a row :)
I would be back for a carry-out meal, its around the block from my family's home - but the service was not worth sitting down inside.For several days, Copelands Cheesecake Bistro has been providing catered meals to some of the crew downtown working in the Superdome for a special event.  It's become a running joke how bad their meals are.  Their wraps, when they actually contain meat (which many times, the "chicken wrap" had no chicken in it) are utterly tasteless.  Some meals had no sandwiches in them at all!  Some were "wet" with some unidentified substance, others were completely dry with no condiments.  It was really disappointing.a college favorite. must stop here whenever i visit nola for the bbq shrimp pasta pizza entree and white chocolate bread pudding.Very good food and atmosphere. My wife and I came to New Orleans and stumbled across this place. Despite some of the negative reviews, we really enjoyed this place. So much so, we came back! Food was excellent. Atmosphere was calming and relaxing. Service was pretty good. Only downside was that it is a little expensive for the portions but would still recommend!Had a simply ridiculous experience here. 
Came in and a hostess offered to seat us, another hostess came up and got in a fight with our hostess about seating... no one acknowledged us, we just waited for them to stop. 
We were seated, I ordered a hot toddy, she brought me whiskey on ice 20 minutes later... She also said she couldn't take our food order at that time, but would come back. 
I went to the restroom, where there was no toilet paper. Came out and let a staff member know about the TP, she told me to tell someone else, not her problem. 
At forty minutes I was brought the whiskey on ice back, which had been microwaved (glass hot, water lukewarm). She then allowed us to pace an order, we both ordered gumbo. at an hour, she cam and told us she didn't know how long it would be. the place was empty, and we ordered something that is presumably made in bulk before hand... I told her we were leaving, she tried to charge me for microwaved whiskey.
As we were leaving the hostess who was fighting with our hostess was screaming "suck my dick" at the valet....We came here for my birthday, and the food may have been the worst value I've had since moving here four years ago. I ordered the garlic steak (medium rare), my wife a house salad and the roast chicken. The food came out within about 5 minutes of ordering, so I suspect that it was not freshly cooked. My steak was overcooked, and I doubt it was ever the 8 ounces listed on the menu. My wife's salad was wilted, and her chicken was extremely dry and stringy. We ended up leaving half our meal on the table. All of this came to $55.00, I wouldn't pay half of that for this meal.
Service was relatively polite, not great but nothing to complain about.Delicious food, their bananas foster waffles are amazing! Also their Lobster Alfredo ravioli for dinner was yummy! Nice staff, took a while for breakfast but delicious once we received it. Good mimosa specials.Very disappointed on the service and the food an I only order a salad. My beer was cool not cold. I hate leaving reviews but this was ridiculous. FYI I sat at the bar to make things worse. The person that makes the schedule should have more than one bartender when have to service the bar and restaurant.Awesome service and food! I tried the Crawfish Ravioli, Onion Strings, and the Crab and Crawfish Bake. No complaints...Regretfully I am here to lower my rating for Copelands. 
To my surpise we recieved horrible service and there wasn't even a busy event going on.
 It took our waitress 5-7 minutes to even come to our table and greet us. She rushed EVERYTHING that night even taking my food before I was finished with it. I was engaged in deep conversation and wasn't paying much attention to her as she asked me if I wanted a to-go box. I told her no thank you and when i turned around my food was gone.
 My bf and I wanted to sit and order drinks after dinner but she had already closed our tab out and sat our ticket on the table. She didn't smile, she wasn't pleasant at all. 
The food will keep me coming back but if the service continues to be this bad, I might have to find another favorite spot in N.O
Oh, I tried a new martini, the woo-woo, OMG it is everything!!Service is SLOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW!!!! I put in a takeout order and my goodness when I picked it up staff loved slow as molasses. Food is good but service gotta get better. Manager cleaned instead of giving me the food I ordered which was in front of me. Meh, take it or leave it. The Copeland's franchise as a whole as fallen off since Al passed.So this review is just for their take-out service.  I was so jonesin' for a real burger and sweet potato fries - fast food just wouldn't do.  After looking up the menu and seeing that they had "glazed sweet potato fries," I headed over.  I got their blackened burger, which came fully dressed with pickles and red onions.  It was so good!  It really satisfied my craving with the seasoned patty that was blackened right, without tasting burnt.  The service was pretty quick, so I will definitely hit them up again for their Tuesday burger specials.This was one of the most disappointing dining experiences I think I've ever had.  Both my sisters and my parents have apparently had great experiences here, but when we went this past week, it was anything but.
After having been seated for the better part of 5 minutes, our server came by to tell us she would be right with us.  Another couple minutes passed, and then a different server arrived to take our drink order and explained that our real server was too busy at the moment.  Granted, our server was also taking care of a party of about 18 people, so I understand that that part wasn't her fault - but management should have known better than to give her more tables.  
In general, the service we did end up getting (mostly from other waitstaff helping our server out) was pretty slow and seemed entirely apathetic - our table wasn't even given silverware.  Also, nobody ever bothered clearing any of the empty plates and glasses off of our table.  They just dropped everything off and left us to figure out how to work around the mess.  By the end of the meal, we had 11 glasses on our 4-person table (NO exaggeration).  Our food took far too long to come out, and when it did arrive, it was pretty clear that it had been sitting under the heat lamp for quite some time.  They also dropped off only half of the entrees without any explanation of where the others were, and then the other half took at least another five minutes to come out.  
I had the French onion soup, which was decent but nothing special.  My entree was the shrimp and oyster eggplant napoleon and was outrageously disappointing.  It looked nothing like the picture on the menu, and it only came with ONE shrimp and ONE oyster buried in this goopy brown sauce.  The eggplant itself was probably 80% breading and really greasy.  My friend got the crawfish ravioli which actually just ended up being toasted CHEESE ravioli with about five little crawfish on top and only a couple tablespoons of sauce.  My sisters, who had both been there before, got the filet and the meatloaf, which actually ended up being pretty good.  If I EVER went back here though (unlikely as that is), it would only be for the desserts.  The bread pudding, chocolate cake, and cheesecake were pretty fantastic.  
In the end, our check came to almost $150 for four people, but I've never before seen a place so completely apathetic towards a table with such a large bill.  Overall, a pretty terrible experience.There is no disputing the similarities between the cheesecake factory and Copeland's Cheesecake Bistro.  The experience is comparable in every way save one - their menu is abbreviated by comparison.
Prices are reasonable - $30-40 a head and up depending on your drink/dessert/appetizer needs.  Service is friendly and prompt.
We had a shrimp pasta in a pizza crust bowl and crab ravioli.  The sauces were flavorful and light.  The shrimp/crab both tasted great.  The pizza crust was really good - flaky and with a distinct flavor of its own.
We would go back, probably as a good 'safety' choice.  There are both better and more unique options in NOLA.  Ill give it a plus up for the easy access via trolley and near-luxury valet parking.Party of 15 ... Megan was our waitress. Although our food was good but, the customer service here is slow and awful.  We waited 10min after being seated.  After our drink order & food  came out she was gone again... Took forever  and we had to flag her down for refills and to go boxes.  Our table was never cleaned off and left w/ glasses while we were trying to have dinner. Our meals was 3 course and  our desert was never offered we just asked for it to go after waiting so long.This place was recommended by a friend.  For appetizer, we shared the grilled shrimp and manga salsa. For dinner we had the spicy herb chicken and waffles and the crab cakes and zucchini pasta.  Both were prepared well and absolutely delicious.  We also shared the Crash&Burn drink. It was so so for me. Hubby really liked it. Good service too.Came in on Saturday for brunch with a small party, was handed a list of 20+ items of food they had ran out of when it was only 11am. Also someone in my party ordered a mimosa and when his glass was brought to him it had a ring of someone else's bright red lipstick on it. I gave 1 star because staff was friendly and with what food they did have, it was good.
Update: At first I gave this place a 1 star review because of their lack of options, not having over 20 items on the menu is unacceptable. However the owner/manager contacted me and was very respectful and very nice. I believe something like this won't happen again and will say their food we had was good, i'm sure their other items will be just as tasty. I plan on giving this place another try if i visit New Orleans again. Also their spinach artichoke dip was delicious and would recommend it.The menu looks great and I had a good experience the first time I visited, but after trying to place an order to go, I was left on hold for over 15 minutes (including one hangup) with a different person picking up the call every 2-3 minutes before putting me back on hold. I eventually gave up and decided to dine elsewhere.My husband and I went here for dinner our first night in NOLA. It was walking distance from our hotel and was recommended by the front desk staff. 
We had a coupon for a free appetizer so we got the crab and crawfish bake. It was delicious. We then had fantastic caeser salad. I ordered the crab filled ravioli. It was ok. My husband ordered the crawfish ravioli and it was DELICIOUS! I kept taking bits off his plate. We ordered dessert to go.....the fudge brownie a la mode and peanut butter cheesecake. Both were a delicious late night snack. All in all, we plan on making it back here again before vacation is over. Our server, Jason, was very accommodating and great.This place had good drinks and cheesecake.  For the food, I had better frozen dinners.  Our service was good, and the place was packed.  If I go here again, it will only be for the dessert. I had the macadamia nut and white chocolate cheesecake.  I thought it was great.  My margarita was good too.  Food, well it was pitiful, especially for NOLA.The food here was pretty good for such a run-of-the-mill middle of the road establishment. There are however lots of really great, much better places along St. Charles, which has become somewhat of an "uptown" entertainment district out of the loud and stinky, touristy French Qrtr. , with lots of restaurants/ bars/ cafes. 
The food in general looked good all round when I looked around. The staff was cheery, polite and helpful. We had onions rings - not too oily, and a spinach salad which was great and some tortilla thing, which was pretty good too. The environment gets a few stars because it's kind of a large canteen feel, and bad decor. Eating here I got the feeling that this is a place where the locals mix as you'd see people from all classes and colors...
I'd recommend it if you have no other place to go around here, which is quite impossible. The Delachaise for one thing a few blocks up St. Charles (@ Louisana Ave.)  is an awesome place for drinks and food.The Cheesecake BistrNO. Such uninspired food/concept. If you're looking for food you could find in city in America, then by all means stop in here. The food is overpriced, and anything "Cajun/Creole/New Orleans" style on the menu you can find elsewhere in town--it will be 10 times tastier and likely half the price. It's overpriced, but mostly just BORING.Unable to locate New Orleans' original Copeland's restaurant, we decided to go with Copeland's Cheesecake Bistro. Food: * Absolutely delicious Crabmeat Ravioli * FABULOUS CHEESECAKE! Now the BUT... staff members on-the-whole were very unpleasant and came with serious 'timing issues.'
We requested a table to accommodate at least four, possibly five as we didn't yet know if the friend meeting us would or would not be accompanied by his lady friend. After a very brief wait, we walked a few steps to a table in the busy entryway that could sit a max of only four. To the chagrin of our hostess, we reiterated the need for a larger table. Somewhat annoyed, she replied that we would have a long wait. So be it. After THREE LONG MINUTES, we were seated at an XL booth by the window. Nice.
Table service came in intervals of either very brief or much too long, with our check being the longest wait of all. Note: Should have ordered a drink first!Surprised at the low rating!  This place was recommended by the shuttle driver from the airport and definitely lived up to expectations. Only went for drinks, appetizers and cheesecake, but the entrees looked and smelled delicious. Had French onion soup, which was very good, and the crab/crawfish dip was excellent.  The cheesecake was about the best we've ever had with a large selection of toppings.  The waiter was also very friendly and attentive and made sure we knew about the happy hour drink and appetizer specials. Will definitely be going back this tripThis was one of the worst dining experiences ever. A giant cockroach crawled out of the ceiling!!! We alerted the management and she assured us that "bugs fly in the restaurant all of the time, just calm down".  No one killed the cockroach and they just let it crawl back into the ceiling where it came from. I will never go back!Oh boy. No real way to say it but damn. 17 minutes after bring seated before anyone greeted us and or took drink orders. Once food got here we had no napkins or silverware for almost 5 minutes. Food was only ok. I had the blackened chicken pasta bowl. Ordered refills after sitting for ever with nothing to drink. Man I'm glad I don't live here and have to eat here on the regular. I was reluctant to eat here due to the reviews but did because we were staying at the hotel. DONT DO IT!!!!!!! I don't write bad reviews but this place is horrible. Not worth the money.The food and drinks were delicious! But service was terrible. I had to ask our waiter multiple times for silverware for the rest of our table, and it took a long time to get the check. If service matched the food, they would get 5 stars.This was our first time to stay in the Garden District but not at the Clarion Hotel (where this is located). We wandered in here while walking down St. Charles one evening. I prefer to sit at the bar. My husband and I sat down and were promptly received. We weren't starving so we ordered a couple of appetizers: firecracker shrimp and crab and crawfish bake (both yummm!) along with our cocktails. They were delivered promptly, along with the hand battered fried onion strings. "We didn't order those," we told our waitress. She responds, "you didn't? Oh, well. Have them anyway!" Check! Then we met our bartender Pat. Girl knows how to make a cocktail! Long story kind of short, we visited two more times. We met friends of friends there, and then our final night in town. Since we were coming from dinner, our bartender recommended the champagne/cheesecake combo. Wonderful! On the last night, a crowded Friday, I asked to speak to the manager. It was a long wait but I prevailed. When Natasha finally met me, I told her, "We have been here three times and we are staying at the hotel up the street. This bar is very welcoming and cozy. I just wanted you to know. And our bartender Pat was one of the reasons." Managers aren't used to compliments as you can imagine. She was so shocked she said, "Thank you! Can I give you a hug?" You bet! 
I can say we recommend!Usually this is one of my favorite places to eat at home, but the newly scaled down menu was a bit meh. I think my visits to cheesecake bistro are coming to an end as I wasn't really impressed with the offerings and our lunch was lukewarm at best, and there were a total of 8 people dining while we were there. The service was good, but I can't say much else was.I have heard mixed reviews about this restaurant so I was excited to have a date night with my boyfriend here. When we walked in the place had a weird smell and the host/manager warned us that the service would be slow. I'm a former server so I understood that sometimes there's not enough staff. I had to use the bathroom and was appalled to find a nasty bathroom with tissue all over the place. I'm very disheartened and confused as to how this restaurant is owned by Copeland's. All of the food was barely warm. Nothing tasted fresh at all. I ordered the crawfish ravioli and boy was I dissatisfied. The ravioli tasted like something from the freezer isle. All they did was throw crawfish and luke warm sauce on top. Unfortunately I think this is one of the worst representations of New Orleans. If your a tourist please don't go to this restaurant.Our experience here was one for the books. The wait was horribly longer than ever before and the restaurant wasn't even busy on this day. I guess it was because they saw graduates waking through the doors. We've been seated faster with larger parties before and after us with a restaurant full of people on midweek. 
However, our server was all over the place and was damn near tripping over his feet. I waited over 20 minutes for my water and 30 minutes for my pina colada. 
I was skipped over when it came to meal selections and my meal was forgotten about when they finally were brought out to the table. 
I was scared to even think about ordering a dessert for the fear of not even receiving it or it being the wrong one and having to wait another freaking minute in that place on that day, but I did anyway.Hit or miss. 
Meh. 
If that's what you want. 
I'm torn about even writing a review for such an inconsistent experience. But they are, in that respect at least, consistent. 
Don't get me wrong, the happy hour pricing is great. The bathrooms are clean, and the valet is free. Other than that, though... You're taking your chances. 
A couple nights ago, we went in for happy hour. 
$5 martinis and half off apps.
Service was slow. Slow like we're watching people get ticked off that they've not been served. We were there a little more than 2 hours. For 2 martinis and only one of the appetizers we ordered. 
We asked to get a piece cheesecake for my birthday. Nothing ever came of that. 
We asked for a manager. 
Nothing ever came of that either. 
I just. I don't. I can't. 
Don't get me wrong, the martinis are awesome (except the purple one, nobody likes the purple one.) And the cheesecake is great. Bananas foster, ftw. The one with the Praline, delicious. 
Go for happy hour, 5to7? & 9toClose. 
Just don't say that I said it was going to be great. 
I said it was hit or miss.Just another mediocre restaurant.  It's your average Chili's, Applebee's, etc. nothing special.  Actually, let me take that back because that was be a compliment.  I've been here twice and have had equally terrible experiences both times.  The food looks so delicious on the menu, but they always come out cold and overly salted.  If you're looking to get hypertension, then by all means enjoy.I really want to like this place because of the managers ( one is a transplant from Detroit like me) and lunch specials but its need some major improvements. Unfortunately each visit gets worse. One day they only had to servers working the lunch rush. The one server we got was brand new! We had to keep sending her because either the kitchen messed up the food or she forgot to bring a condiment. 
Pros
Good food when its done right
Food specials
Valet parking
Cons
Understaffed
Slow and poor service
Last time food wasn't prepared correctlyCopeland's, I feel like I've given you a fair shake. I've over-paid for your stupid cheesecake twice now; and both times, I've left feeling like I just bought myself an hour with an aging floozy. 
I have no idea what your servers do when they aren't on the floor, but it must be really good because they're NEVER on the floor. I do know what your cheesecake bar ladies do: chat with anyone with a pulse. I watched my to-go order sit on the counter for 10 minutes tonight while a very important discussion about someone's bad weave was conducted. Give me the damn cheesecake, woman! Cheesecake now, chat later. This is particularly salient because I am standing there, watching you make conversation with someone who is bored off their feet instead of watching you make my damn to-go order. 
You have a pretty dining room, but even that can't redeem your sub-par service and bloated prices. 
Accessibility notes: Fully accessible for mobility devices. No braille menu or signage. Dim and loud for hard-of-hearing customers.Meh, I've had better. Way better. 
Not what I remember it tasting like. Ok food, ok service, and ok atmosphere.Slow service, food was eh, my best friend and I both don't feel good. Too bad, we had high hopes for this place! Also, my friend had a hair in her food, the waitress asked her to put the chicken on the napkins and she would take it and throw it away, when she put the chicken on the napkin, the hair stayed on the plate and the waitress reached over and took the hair off the plate! Gross! 
I had the crawfish ravioli. The ravioli was fried, which I wasn't expecting, but it was still pretty tasty!
My bff had chicken and waffles, which she only really wanted the chicken, but it didn't really seem like there was an option to just get fried chicken. But on the take-out menu there is an option to just order the fried chicken....???? We were very confused. 
Because of the hair incident the manager, who was very pleasant, she offered us a free dessert! We got the king cheesecake, which was a layer of cheesecake and a layer of king cake.  It was very good! Whipped cream tasted homemadeI've been to several Copeland's/Cheesecake Bistro's, and this was one of the worst experiences ever. When you go to a restaurant that is supposed to be Copeland's caliber, you expect excellent service and food no matter where or when you go. My lunch portion of crawfish ravioli came with a side salad, which was about 3 bites of a salad that was completely drowned in ranch. The garlic bread was not good. The ravioli itself was ok. The waitress paid little attention to my table, even though there were only about 3 other tables in the whole restaurant with people. We waited at LEAST 45 minutes for our food after ordering. This was after waiting too long for her to take drink orders and bring drinks. Plus she 'didn't hear' the type of cheesecake that I ordered, so didn't bring it out with the other dessert orders. If the service had been outstanding, I would definitely give this more stars.  I CANNOT believe that a restaurant located ON St Chalres Ave has such horrible service. Should have paid more attention to the Yelp rating and tried somewhere else.My friend was staying at the hotel this place is connected to so we met her here for drinks. Lucky us it was happy hour in the bar/lounge area!!
This place def. reminds me of the Cheesecake Factory which isn't a bad thing at all! They had $5 martini's and appetizers on the happy hour menu so we decided to go for it! I went for the firecracker shrimp that was coated with some sort of sweet and spicy garlicky sauce. It was good but nothing amazing, my girls went for the crab cakes and the chicken quesadillas and they said they were tasty as well. 
We also each had 2 martini's ...for $5 why not! All of them were very appealing to the eye and were delish. The bartender suggested the strawtini since she created it was pretty good, you couldn't taste the liquor at all which I'm not sure is a good or bad thing.
The great thing about New Orleans which I also miss about living in Las Vegas is that you can take your liquor to go! So me and my friend split some massive drink that was named Category 5 in to go cups so we could head out to our next stop.
The lounge had soft jazz playing in the background which made for a very relaxing atmosphere, this was def. a great place to start our night.The crawfish ravioli is good, but very rich.  Food is kind of what you expect at a chain restaurant.  It's not horrible, but nothing memorable.  I had the paneed (fancy word for breaded) chicken with crawfish fettucine.  The chicken was juicy and good, but the fettucine was basically 2/3 of my plate in a plain cream sauce with a few crawfish thrown in.  Definitely a disappointment.  The cheesecake is very good with pecans in the crust, but $7+ for a thin slice?  Come on!  Either give us more cheesecake or lower the price.   I expected a hefty piece of cheesecake like the Cheesecake Factory chain, and it was definitely not up to par.If I could give this place no stars, I would.  My family waited almost 1.5 hours to get a table.  Hostess kept telling us "It should only be a few more minutes".  Dining room had empty tables, and we were never seated.  
We decided to go to the bar for a drink instead.  No acknowledgement, or service while we sat at the table.  We left very hungry, thirsty, and disappointed.Wonderful crab stuffed ravioli in a cajun alfredo sauce!! Although I was worried about the dish after hearing the ravioli is fried, the entree turned out to be delicious! 
Once seated, it took a while for us to be greeted but the manager came over and took our order and took great care of us. She was delightful and pleasant and I appreciate her going the extra mile for us. 
The only negative was the cheesecake, surprisingly. Being a pregnant woman, all I crave is cheesecake and I tried the place because of the name "The Cheesecake Bistro". It wasn't as rich as I would've expected or large.Stopped in for an afternoon sweet tooth fix.  Left incredibly disappointed.  Sever ice was slow.  Had to reconfirm my order and it was still wrong.  The trio cheesecake was very small compared to a regular slice of cheesecake.  The manager was making rounds to tables around is dealing with other customer complaints.  Lastly, the men's restroom was unusable.  I will refrain from a vivid description of how bad the toilets were.  Just use your imagination.  This place is suffering from poor leadership and is not worth spending your time or money at.Really disappointing. This is (or should I say was) one of my mother's favorite places to eat when she comes to visit. When we arrived this evening we were told there would be a 20min wait, which would have been no big deal, except the restaurant was pretty empty. Once called we were seated at a large table (for 2 of us) which had broken wings so that the outside edge of the table was sloping down considerably and therefore useless. We then noticed that the table cloth was dirty. Disgusting, there was also trash all over the floor. 
On to the food. My mom ordered a burger, medium, with everything thing on the side. She got a burger, almost burnt, with a burnt bun and everything on it. When she said something to the waiter, his response was "oh I will tell the kitchen." I ordered the crescent city chicken wrap. It was awful. It had the bottom edge of the cabbage, spoiled avocado and dry chicken. And the wrap itself felt like cardboard dipped in baby powder. I also have the onion straws....but I should have looked closely before I ate those too. I grabbed one and popped it in my mouth, and realized really quickly it wasn't an onion. Upon closer inspection I found a random shrimp, and something else that was not identifiable.
We had better hope for the cheesecake, but we're again disappointed. The white chocolate sauce tasted like it was spoiled. 
And what was the waiters response to everything? "Oh I will let someone know!" 
Well I know I will not be back!This used to be one of my go to spots but after tonight I don't think I'll ever come back. They're clearly understaffed in the kitchen so it's taken over 1.5 hours to get our food. It might be good but at this point, who gives a damn!I went straight to the bar for a drink and sat there for 5 minutes without anyone even acknowledging me. Several employees came and went behind the bar and not one greeting. It was a Saturday afternoon and restaurant and bar were fairly busy. I had to stop an employee as ask if there was a bartender on duty. She said yes but she is busy. Really? There is no one behind the bar doing anything, where could the BAR TENDER be is not tending to her bar? Another 5 minutes passed and still not even a hello. I left and can't imagine I will go back any time soon.The one star is for the great server.  I'll spare your time and mine....Al Copeland, JR.  should be ashamed of himself for cutting the menu down and cutting the quality of the ingredients.  We used to frequent Cheesecake Bistro but we won't waste another NOLA dining experience on this place again.  Shame on Al, Jr.Here's a combination of everything we ate...I ordered a chicken, sausage, and shrimp pasta dish...it was ok but I sent it back for chicken and fries. Everyone raved over the chicken so I decided to order it. Everyone was pleased with their dishes. We also had drinks and they were really good! I had a Peach Bellini and it was great! Can't come to New Orleans and not have good drinks! The Cheesecake was ok. I have had better...the red velvet cheesecake was a little dry. Our food took a long time to come out but we enjoyed having conversation while we waited. The atmosphere was nice and we enjoyed ourselves.Crawfish ravioli is delicious! Also all the wraps are pretty good as well.Valentines Dinner with family.  Service was extremely slow.  2 adults & 2 kids and we were there over 2.5 hours.   Food was decent.   However, problem started when we got our check.  First check was accurate.   We paid with a gift card and our dc.   From time we paid to time we got our slip to sign it was $13+ dollars higher.   We asked about the change in price.   Waitress took receipt back to check on it.    When she returned, she said our first ticket didn't reflect the cheesecake.  I told her yes it did.  She looked again and someone had added 2 champagnes to the bill (AFTER we had sent in payment for original correct bill!!!!) I have never had a restaurant try to sneak things like that on the tab before.    After speaking to manager, he corrected it back to original correct receipt but no one would explain why it happened. I'm pretty sure after that experience we will never go there again.In a city like New Orleans there is honestly no excuse for going here... If you are looking to spend in the 10-20 dollar range please please please go somewhere else.  My food was similar to something from Chinese joint in a mall cafeteria and my friends seemed to be equally marginal.  The Kitchen screwed up one of my friends orders but to balance out this review I must admit the wait staff was very attentive and did a great job.  Cheesecake was enjoyable but also overpriced.  
So unless you are entertained by freon gas creating ice on random walls and talking about how funny it would be to walk on the flaming coals while picking at your food, do avoid.upon arrival we let the hostess know there were 5 of us and expecting one more she said will seat you when the whole party is here..a couple things ring wrong to me on this because one you are not busy and two the restaurant lost additional money on the drinks we would of ordered had we been seated earlier.  so ten minutes later were seated and are awesome server changed the experience around and took good care of us.  I enjoyed my ravioli and crawfish and took a slice of butter pecan cheesecake to go.  The hostess represents the first impression of the restaurant but I truly didn't feel like I received any kind of hospitality until our server arrived.Appetizers were good. Tried the raspberry chipotle chicken due the first time. However, service was slow and there was a bug in my entrée. I told the waiter, the hostess, and the manager and NO ONE apologized! The manager didn't even return to the table. Not the NOLA hospitality I am used to receiving. Disappointed is an understatement!Tried this place back in April for a friend's birthday. When we walked in, it was clearly shift change and the front area waitstaff was agitated and ready to head home for the evening. We witnessed a disagreement amongst co-workers. Once we were seated, the waiter was very friendly and suggested the seabream. We weren't to sure about the fish since we'd never heard of it before but the entree was pretty good. I was not impressed with the cheesecake though.Loved everything about this place, Not expensive, BRING A SWEATER !!! the menu was packed with options. Tasty, not a boring or disappointing place at  all.We hopped,off the Trolley in front of Copeland Bistro and we pleasantly surprised.   Ordered the French 1Eggplant for an appetizer  it was nice.  Split the paneled crusted chicken and crawfish linguine great meal.  The cheesecake sampler was AWESOME!   Service was great!  They also had military discount.   Only giving 4 stars because  5 stars was just too much.I'm so disappointed with the service.  We were in the restaurant for over 10 minutes and were never greeted!! The table next to us was greeted as soon as they sat down!!! I've been eating at Copeland's restaurants since I was a little girl... Even shaken hands with Al Copeland himself.  I never expected to me so appalled with my experience.  I will never step foot in this location again.  If you want the Copeland's experience go to the locations on Clearview or W. Esplanade.  These locations have a happy hour special that will make you happy!!!CCB has been gradually going downhill in quality. My visit yesterday proved that they have hit the utter rock bottom. 
My friend and I visited at 12:30 pm on a Thursday. In the past, the place has been bustling and busy, nearly filled to capacity. Yesterday, we were surprised to see merely three tables including us. 
We ordered the firecracker shrimp appetizer. I had a coupon from their e-club for a free appetizer if you buy 2 entrees, but the waitress said that only applied if you order 2 entrees off of the special Fall menu. The coupon does NOT say that. It says "free with purchase of 2 entrees" in a banner at the top. Then it lists some dishes from their Fall menu, but the coupon does not say ""free with purchase of 2 entrees from the Fall menu only." Stupid, because the regular entrees cost more than the Fall menu, so why would they limit the freebie to the dishes on the cheaper menu? And why wouldn't they specify that on the coupon?
We said we would just order the appetizer anyway and pay for it. Major regrets. I don't know why they took their previous shrimp appetizer off of the menu, but that was a grave mistake. This tasted like the buffalo shrimp at WOW wings, and that is not a compliment. Hard-fried shrimp tossed in buffalo sauce with no type of blue cheese dipping sauce or cajun remoulade or anything. Nothing special and the quality was not very good. The shrimp were all stuck together in a big batter ball.
I ordered the crawfish pasta in a skillet, which was large elbow pasta with alfredo sauce, crawfish, green onions and topped with cheese. The description reminded me of "Shrimp Roban" at the former Semolina restaurant, but that's were the similarity ended. The only good part was the top part with the cheese, and the crawfish. The noodles were thick and the sauce was oily, and the cast iron skillet imparted a strange, mineral-y flavor that I could not enjoy.
My friend got the Thai chicken wrap. She only ate half of it and I was still hungry so I tried hers. I pulled out a big, cold chunk of dark meat with the skin and tendons still attached. Nasty. 
To salvage the meal, we ordered the Bavarian apple pie. The crust - well, in no way was this crusty, so let's call it the bottom layer - was soggy and flavorless. The apples and filling were flavorless and could have used a touch of lemon juice, cinnamon and sugar. Even a grocery store frozen pie is better.
So, so disappointed. I don't know why they are messing with a proven formula. I used to love their Thai wrap, the other shrimp appetizer that they discarded in favor of the firecracker shrimp, and their desserts. I guess it will never be the same as it was before, and apparently I'm one of the last people to come to that realization.I went here for lunch on Monday with a coworker.  She ordered a burger no bun and onion strings.  The waiter was extremely slow...seemed like his first job ever especially waiting tables.  He wrote word for word in a book.  I ordered the chicken wrap.  The wrap was hard and not wrapped completely so it was falling out and had no taste.  The place was empty no need to be here for a full hour especially what we ordered.  Will not be back!stayed at the clarion next door so we had to give it a try. if you go into this restaurant STARVING you will spend a lot of money. we ordered the chicken with roasted garlic cream sauce, club sandwich on a french loaf (it really was a whole loaf), child's pasta, and two desserts...we were at $45 before tip. the staff was very friendly and the food was quite tasty and well presented. however, i will say that during our stay i did get a bananas foster cheesecake/sundae every night......it was TERRIBLY addictive!!! 
basically, if you have a big appetite and a small budget keep walking down st. charles.My friends and I came here one day for a birthday. It's been months since I've been back to this place so I was excited to try it out again. 
First off, the place is in Uptown New Orleans. So parking is either on the streets or there's complimentary valet parking at the restaurant. 
Second, the place can get a bit crowded if you go during a rush time (especially weekends). So sometimes it's better to make a reservation or come a bit early. 
The server that my friends and I got was a bit impatient and slow. She would come by  several times to ask us if we were ready to order then take forever to come by if we ever needed anything. That was the only downfall. 
The food though was amazing! We ordered Stacked Eggplant Napoleon, Shrimp St. Charles, Jamabalaya Pasta, Shrimp Ravioli, and some sort of egg roll as an appetizer. My friends and I were impressed at how good it was! We all loved each other's entree so we were eating off each other's plates. The entrees are a bit pricey BUT it comes in huge portions. The portions we got could feed us breakfast, lunch, AND dinner and were priced around $15-17. Not a bad price for a good dish. 
We had to force ourselves to stop eating our entrees so that we would have room for dessert. We ordered the Fudge A La Mode with extra ice cream and a White Chocolate Strawberry Cheesecake. I'm a fan of their cheesecakes because it's always rich and moist. The Fudge A La Mode was a brownie with ice cream. And OMG was the brownie good! It was moist, warm, and oh so delicious. And the vanilla ice cream that came with it complimented it quite well. The cheesecake had white chocolate covered strawberries on top with a liquid strawberry topping (sorry, I don't really know what it's called). The cheesecake was exactly how I remembered it --rich and moist. I was definitely happy that I saved room in my stomach for these two sweet treats. 
After that, we left the place happy and full!Service wasn't bad but server was overwhelmed. Received incorrect information on two different occasions.Great entree, so-so cheesecake.
Crawfish ravioli - great-tasting deep fried raviolis covered in sauce. Forget about your diet :)
White chocolate strawberry cheesecake - cheesecake tasted bland, not rich enough.Both  the chicken and mashed potatoes were very dry. The potatoes didnt even come with butter. The portions were small.  The server was nice, but the service  was very average. I had one glass of water,  and she never offered to refill it.
I do agree with other reviews about the atmosphere.  That's why this place gets two stars.There should be an option to have ZERO stars. We had a party of 17 for my daughters bday celebration. While our server was as attentive as possible, there should of been two servers to speed things up a bit. The food was terrible. I always get the crawfish ravioli and it's definitely not what it used to be. It used to be so crispy and now it's just soggy. For dessert, I ordered the white chocolate bread pudding and it was just ok...nothing to rave about. My son ordered the red velvet cheesecake and it was great. This place has really gone downhill, what a shame. On a positive note, the valet guys were very professional and friendly.Meh, is spot on for this mediocre excuse for "cajun food" but it was slim pickins' on Mardi Gras night and I was starving after a long day of self mutilation riding in Elks Orleanians (I do not recommend this 12-hour insanity sentence for anyone, spend the extra money and ride in a real krewe-- I was appeasing a friend who had to dj the float and wanted to offload my bead catch from the two weeks prior, never again.) So, here's my actual review for Copeland's Cheesecake Bistro-- I wouldn't take my least favorite friend there for dinner if they were visiting from out of town. I was relieved they were available for delivery on Uber Eats and thought their crab cake and pesto zucchini pasta sounded like a good choice to kick off my Lenten compliance, despite my disposition as an Agnostic Catholic.  The crab cake was too salty, but I find there's no place in this city aside from my own kitchen that gets crab cakes right... the measly 1/4 cup of zucchini noodles was underwhelming-- come on, zucchini is not that expensive... I was disappointed, and my perspective remains clear, I won't bring anyone I like to this establishment, and I would only order from them in desperation on Mardi Gras night while watching the Rex Court fumble their way across Canal Street to the Comus court, tripping over their adornments and making a mockery of New Orleans society due to their inept awareness of their privilege.I wish I could give zero stars. Probably the worst restaurant I've ever been to. Service was so slow and disorganized. The spinach dip tasted frozen and greasy. I sat and watched my seafood sit under a heating lamp for 20 min before it was brought to me. My date wound up getting extremely sick after eating the blackened shrimp alfredo pizza pasta thing. This place is seriously terrible, don't go there!!It took forever for us to settle the check! They must not be used to dealing with a large group of people.  How hard was it to do separate checks?
And the food wasn't all that great either.  I think my pasta was swimming in grease.  Pasta floating in grease....usually doesn't earn a good rating from me...
Cheesecake....nothing special at all.  It looks prettier than it tastes. 
Not really worth the trip to this place.  There are definitely better venues for cheesecake.Food was a good value for the money, but the star is definitely the cheesecake! My wife had original with bananas foster, and I had peanut butter. Both were amazing!Overpriced and excessively gaudy. Pretty plain American food entrees, albeit very generous. The cheesecake is way overrated- there are some good flavors, like dulce de leche, but it is way too heavy and, like the entrees, way too huge portions. Entrees can run around 20-25 dollars and the dessert is usually around 10 dollars a piece. The ambiance is fiery- literally. There are flames torches embedded into glass walls, and a plethora of expensive materials dotted around the restaurant. The staff are friendly, but that doesn't save this tourist trap.Came in on Saturday for brunch with a small party, was handed a list of 20+ items of food they had ran out of when it was only 11am. Also someone in my party ordered a mimosa and when his glass was brought to him it had a ring of someone else's bright red lipstick on it. I gave 1 star because staff was friendly and with what food they did have, it was good. However if you're looking for a place with options for food and clean dishes, this isn't the place.Food was excellent as was the service. They had run out of the huge chocolate cake which was kind of disappointing for my friend, as she doesn't like cheesecake. Went here my last night in Nola and was pleased with the food overall.Always a good time at Copelands.  I prefer the location on St. Charles.  One of my favorite dishes is the Thai Shrimp Wrap.  The peanut vinaigrette is spectacular and the crunchy noodles in it give it the perfect texture.  One other thing, I don't know what Copelands does with their fries but they are better than McDonalds and ya'll know McDonalds fries are like crack!
I also had a voucher for free dessert and selected the huge slice of chocolate fudge cake.  I know it's a cheesecake bistro but I like cake cake.
Like I said to start, Copelands is always a good time.  Whenever I'm in NOLA I try to make it in. Try itI am giving Copeland's three stars not because of the food, but because of the atmosphere. 
My husband and I went on a Tuesday night, maybe that was the reason the atmosphere was a little "off," since it was not one of the typical busy nights. We arrived and while the service was quick it was TOO quick. Our meal arrived before we even finished our appetizer. It felt like we were at a fast food restaurant, which was not what we were looking for. Our meal was finished before we even finished one drink. 
Although the atmosphere left something to be desired, the food was delicious and reasonably priced. The crawfish egg rolls were amazing. My husband got the chicken over crawfish linguine and thought it was great. I got the spicy beer can chicken, and while it was good- I expected more flavor. 
It was a good meal, but feeling rushed and not loving my food resulted in three starsThe service was HORRIBLE here. From the hosts to the waiter,  it felt as though everyone was being asked to do chinese arithmetic!  The food took forever!  And my thai chicken wrap only included chicken on one side!  My coworkers wrap came without any sauce and the wrong side.  This was so disappointing,  and they weren't even busy!  Wooo, i how a manager calls me so I can provide some proactive solutions!This place is essentially a tacky version of the Cheesecake Factory (which arguably is already pretty tacky). But there's no Cheesecake Factory in the Gulf region (yet) so this is where to go to get cheesecake apparently. 
Honestly, I'm kind of disappointed at the selection. For a place that sells itself as a cheesecake bistro, I expected more options, at least on par with Cheesecake Factory. 
The food menu didn't seem that intriguing. This place is maybe a step up from other chain places like say a Chili's or Ruby Tuesday. It's okay if you're a local and can burn a meal here. But if you're a tourist in town with limited time to explore New Orleans, don't waste your time here!Terrible. Went to grab a quick drink and food before a mardi gras parade. Arrived at 5 pm with a group of 6. The dining area was empty but we were told by the hostess "it's gonna be a while".  Went to order drinks and it took 15 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge us... again, the restaurant is not busy at this time. Waited 30 minutes to be seated and service was lacking. I live 2 blocks from this place so it would be a spot I would visit regularly but due to the half a$$ service and general lack of concern for customers, I can honestly say I won't be returning.The food, Sunday brunch was ok. It took a long time to get it and even longer for mimosas.  Our waiter was pretty friendly but not a very good waiter. 2 minute walk from our hotel.  I wouldn't suggest this place though.  A little ghetto.It was okay. I guess the recipe changed for the eggplant stack changed. We remember it having shrimp and oysters in a cream sauce. It didn't. The shrimp was little was in there was over cooked. Very sad we were so looking forward to this dishThis has been a week of second chances and today I was wowed by my experience. Last time I had such a poor experience that I was ready to drive off. This time Mr. Van Patten and his staff made things right. Cleanliness, service-Hi Bill :) and food now deserve 5 stars. Thank you guys for actually caring enough.This place never disappoints. Took my family out to dinner last night & had the best server ever! I believe his name was Jonathan. He was simply amazing!! May have been the best server I have ever had. Then on top of that I got 10% off my entire order just for checking in on Yelp! Thanks Yelp! Will def be back again!Must be under new management everything is different from the menu to the cheese cake??? Hence the name. Before the cheesecake was made with quality..you wld get a delicious crust the ran up the back of the cheese cake now there is no crust except for on the bottom and the back of the slice is disguised with a ridiculous amount of whipped cream.. The eggplant Napoleon (which was a signature dish) is now just slices of eggplant fries in panko bread crumbs??? No pasta, no crab meat filling(some things jus aren't meant to be changed). Ordered crawfish egg rolls as a appetizer...we were told they were out of meat??? We couldn't order that as an appetizer...so disappointing.Food was delicious! Just the right temperature! Our waiter, Dustin was very attentive and knowledge about the menu!! I will definitely return!!Worst service ever waited over an hour for food and when it came out it was cold and the cheeseburger came out with no cheese and no aioli.  The waiter offered to bring cheese to the table?!?! Not to mention there was the wrong fries. If you get Kendrick as a waiter be prepared for a wait!The worst service ever, waited 1/2 hour for water. Spoke to the manager who did nothing except to finally bring water. There was an 18% gratuity already added to the bill. The food was good when we finally received it.My family went to this restaurant for the Sunday brunch when the line for the Trolley Stop was too daunting.  Unfortunately, we wished we had waited out the line rather than wasted nearly $200 on a buffet of foods that tasted as if they had been frozen and popped into a microwave 5 minutes before serving.  While most of our party chose the buffet, the service for the a la carte options was mediocre at best.My mom was in town with some of our Canadian cousins, and my mom insisted we go to this place since it was close to her hotel.
We walked in at about 7 pm on a Friday night. I was initially pleased that we were able to be seated immediately, then became concerned when I observed that over half the tables were open. 
The service was good, and the cheesecake was decent, everything else was disappointing. Even my Canadian cousins, who know nothing about New Orleans food were not impressed. 
I ordered an "Oyster Bordelaise" pasta dish that was served on a pizza crust bowl. It was a mess. The garlic drowned out all the other flavors, which may have been a good thing, since the oysters were not fresh, and were starting to turn. Luckily there were a sum total of 3 or four oysters on the entire plate. 
My understanding is that this place actually used to be pretty good. It is not worth a visit now. By normal standards it is sub par. By New Orleans standards, it totally sucks.
Al Copeland is probably rolling in his grave. I would never have expected the Copeland name to be on the outside of a place like this.Overpriced mediocre food compared to other options in the area for food. Food is comparative to Cheesecake Factory quality but with Cajun/creole cuisine instead with less options. No reason to go here when compared to other options. Only redeeming factor is the atmosphere.Tete, was our server today for brunch & she was simply amazing!! My family & I eat here for brunch quite often but this particular server was amazing as she has served us twice now.
Firstly, she was knowledgeable & professional. She never kept us waiting (which is one of my pet peeve's at restaurants). She took our orders swiftly & repeated them back so we could be sure that they were correct. The bottomless mimosa's are the absolutely best. 
My family & I will continue to visit cheesecake bistro often as possible. Thanks Tete!Food was horrible- Al would not be happy..... 
crab & crawfish bake was sour as in spoiled 
Club sandwich greasy - chicken shaved so thin it was rediculous 
Black drum w/ crawfish sauce.... fish half cooked and instant rice
Super disappointing!!!!Great food. Came here twice this week because my girls really enjoy it. To be honest Dad did too. Good portion sizes and great prices. Wait staff is superb.When you first walk in, the atmosphere is exactly that of Cheesecake Factory. It struck me as odd, but continued my way forth. It wasn't as lively as I expected it to be, making the ambiance a little awkward with so much space in between table. Not that much of an issue because it meant better service for us. That was probably the best thing about this place, the server was great and interactive with us. She gave us a great recommendations.
The food was mediocre for the price paid. And I didn't find that they had a great selection of cheesecakes being that cheesecake is their specialty. They were delicious, but I like my variety. I'm not exactly unhappy with Copeland's, but they didn't do much to thrill me either.Stay away from this place.  The food is alright, but the service is extremely slow and they overcharge you.  I ordered the sirloin sandwich and the manager came over 10-15 minutes after I ordered and explained they were out and I would have to order something different.  It took the waitress another 15 minutes to return to take my new order.  I then ordered the bistro chicken and it took another 45 minutes to arrive.  
I thought they would atleast offer me a free dessert for my inconvenience.  Instead they overcharged us for the 2 slices of cheesecake we ordered.  When I complained to the waitress about the overcharge she told us some BS about that being the correct charge because they charge separately for toppings.  We had no extra toppings on our cheesecakes.  I didn't want to argue with her and make a scene so I just paid the check, left her a reduced tip and left.  Both the waitress and manager need customer service training.  Obviously we will not be returning.I remember dining here some years ago. I had my first experience with andouille sausage in a pasta dish. Andouille I must say is pretty good! The restaurant was just ok!Would give fewer stars if possible. I used to be a corporate trainer for this company and opened and ran their cheesecake bistros for years prior to katrina. I dont even recognize this place. There used to be standards for food and service, it seems theyve given up on all of them. Once seated it took 15 minutes before we were greeted, standards here used to be 2 minutes at the longest. The waitress was uninterested in us and didnt attempt to sell us anything, just an order taker. Appetizers were undercooked, somehow the panko crusted fried shrimp had no crisp to it, it was basted in sauce but panko should hold up to it. I never send food back being a former server but we had to send the chkn shrimp and sausage penne back it was underseasoned, far too light on the sauce so it dried out, and cold. Plus I knew what it was supposed to look and taste like and this wasnt even close. I felt like i needed to come in and retrain the entire staff. Its made me sad and almost pissed to see how poorly the place was run now.We came to eat here because we were hungry from riding the streetcar and just didn't know better.  I got the BBQ Shrimp Linguine that was served in a cheese pizza bowl.  I was excited because I thought I was getting a combination of my two favorite things: pasta and pizza.  But, that excitement faded real fast once I bit into my dish.  The pasta was extremely bland and the shrimp was extremely salty.  There was no hint of BBQ or creole seasoning like it was stated in the menu.  It was extremely greasy and probably clogged up 45% of my arteries.  
Another thing that I don't like about places is when they "suggest" how much you should leave as a tip on the receipt.  I should tip you based on what I feel is deserved, not what you "suggest."The food was really good. The service was terrible. 3pm on a Saturday afternoon. There were only a small number of people dining. Our waitress was horribly slow - she took our drink order and it was about 10 minutes before she brought half of the drinks - (tea, water, nothing fancy) another 5 before she brought a cocktail to one person and when we ask about the remaining persons beer - she smarted off that she can't carry everything at once in a VERY mean tone of voice. Really you can't carry 5 drinks on one tray? It takes 3 trips each 5 minutes apart to do it? Unfortunately the rest of the experience went the same way. Our waitress didn't care at all what we needed or if we got food or anything else in a reasonable time frame. 
So when the check came - we found out why. The tip was automatically added on! No wonder she didn't care, she was getting her tip whether she deserved it or not. 
Meal over - we go outside and hand the valet the slip for our car. 20 minutes later I ask him how much longer it would be before he brought our car out and  Oh guess what - he forgot! WOW 
Never againI'm not a big fan of buffets, but I decided with a group to give this place a try. I will say I was in New Orleans at a very busy time (Essence Fest) but if you are in town save your money and go somewhere else. First, most of the food containers remained empty for extended times. Secondly, the restaurant was quite busy and the staff were not keeping the atmosphere clean. Lastly, the service was quite poor. I cancelled a mimosa because it was taking so long and I asked for a refill of coffee which came with the waitress handing me the bill. Overall, poor experience.I came here two days in a row while enjoying the Mardi Gras parades. The first day, I purchased the King Cake Cheesecake. At first, I thought  $8 for a slice of cheesecake was steep, but it was SO good, I went back the next day and purchased another slice. SO good!I was a regular here when I lived in New Orleans.  I frequented this location and the one on Veterans Blvd.  The food was always good.  My favorite appetizer is the crawfish egg rolls and the crab and crawfish bake. The shrimp bordelaise pasta is a tasty entree to try.  As a side dish, I usually have the macaroni and cheese wedge. For me, the desserts always steal the show. I've had the carrot cake and praline cheesecake a few times.  The service is average.  No complaints here.FAIL. my fiancee and I just wanted dessert.  we were told the wait would 30-45 minutes. we said why not, we'll have some drinks in the mean time. we waited. it was about an hour at this point. and then Al Copeland himself came in. They forced a group of people to move so that he could have his favorite booth. He got his food before we even got seated. Thank god he is dead, I'll spend my money at a place where the owner come around and makes sure I am enjoying my meal, instead of making me wait so he can enjoy his. The cheesecake was bland also.Had the crawfish ravioli it was very good but, at the end of the meal we were informed that they were OUT of CHEESECAKE how does this happen to a place called cheesecake bistro- on a positive note Jonathan was an excellent waiter he was like a ninja warrior running aroundOh my gosh. While I was in town, I stopped by here the night before my plane left to get a bite to eat. The menu was enormous, comparable to that of The Cheesecake Factory's. I finally decided on this awesome seafood pasta that was served on top of a sauceless cheese pizza (calories galore.) It was the best meal I have ever eaten. The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because my party had to wait awhile to be seated even though there were a ton of booths open.Super Delicious!Sweet staff!Fast service!...and I was hangry!This out of towner was satisfied!Can I honestly give this place four or five stars, no I cannot. I do love the atmosphere of this place however, great color scheme, but can we clean it up a little? Especially the bathroom and the bar area, cleaning throughout the day would have pushed my review over to a four star rating.
The food is good, trial and era, kinda reminds me of an overpriced deli, although they do serve hot items, I typically come here for the wraps. The turkey wrap namely.
This used to be called the Cheesecake Bistro, I think it was better when it was under a different company, much cleaner that's for sure.
I usually only go during lunch hours, I know they have a happy hour with pretty good prices, that's something to try.
I am not in my typical yelp environment, so this review may be all over the place, but you guys get the jist, right?!The food is always good st Copelands.. The service ran really slow this time around...For some reason, this restaurant reminds me of 'The Cheesecake Factory'.  I mean, the menu reads the same, I think some of the dishes are similar and hell, both sell a crazy variety of cheesecake.  I just wanted to point that out because I've felt that way for years.  Odd similarities.
Anyway, I've dined in this place SEVERAL times since 2005, when I first came here with my ex.  Each time, there was always something weird going, either inside the restaurant or just outside the door.  More on that later.
This last time, I came in with some friends from Pensacola.  Why on Earth they decided to dine at a chain restaurant for their first visit to New Orleans is beyond me.  Have you ever wondered what the deal is with that?  New Orleans is unique right down to the core, from the eclectic mix of individuals to the cuisine to the architecture.  Why travel hundreds and sometimes, thousands of miles to eat at a chain restaurant that you can experience anywhere.  Why not actually try something that's bred in the city you're visiting and remains only local.  Does McDonald's in Atlanta taste any better than McDonald's in Texas?  No, because it's friggin' McDonald's.
In any case, this is what they wanted and so we decided to dine.  As usual, while the hostess seated us immediately and was courteous, it took quite a while before we got a waiter.  10 minutes must have passed before we flagged someone down to find our server.  Eventually some guy stumbled from the bar area to take our order.  At first, we only ordered drinks and mine was a simple Jack Daniels and Coke.  That's typically my weapon of choice, for those who don't know me well yet.  The drinks took a VERY long time to arrive.  Finally, they showed up and my friend's wife got the wrong wine.  The waiter argued with us, explaining that we were wrong.  The wine wasn't even the proper color.  He finally went to the back and brought out what she had ordered.
For the sake of keeping this review within the 5,000 character limit, I am only reviewing MY order.  I placed a request for the Lemon Garlic Chicken with Rosemary Glaze and it came with garlic mashed potatoes.  The food arrived promptly this time so no complaints there.  My chicken, however, was EXTREMELY salty.  I was surprised that the intense amount of salt content didn't dry out the bird.  I then sampled the mashed potatoes and they, too, were overly salty.  It took me almost 4 Jack & Cokes to rinse away the sodium.  I also want to add that in all the times I have been frequenting this establishment, my entrees have either been too salty or too bland.  Wait staff are not very attentive at all, especially when it gets later in the evening and there's usually a raucous going on inside or outside the joint.  Allow me to explain....
The last three times that I've dined at this location, the police have been there and it's never on pleasant terms.  On this last visit, my party and I walked up the sidewalk and two cop cars were parked nose-to-nose in front of the doors.  When we walked in, our eyes immediately started burning and our noses running.  It was from a cloud of pepper spray in the area.  What the hell was going on??  I immediately ran to the restroom, where 3 women were seated on the bench just outside.  Two of them were arguing very loudly and suddenly, they began exchanging blows.  It appeared as if they had already had an altercation once earlier that evening.  One of the women's dresses was ripped at the shoulder, exposing her bra.  The other girl was laying face down on the bench.  Another girl had a badly bruised eye and was covering it with a pack of ice.  Another woman had scratches on her face and down her arm, clothes ripped.  As soon as the two women began throwing punches, two cops rushed in immediately and grabbed the women.  Someone fired off another round of pepper spray but I could not tell where it originated from.  After I cleaned up in the bathroom and came back out, one of the women was missing and the others were in handcuffs.
I saw what I presumed to be the manager near the entrance speaking to police, his hair disheveled and shirt wrinkled and un-tucked.  Later, our waiter explained that the women engaged in a boxing match inside the restaurant when one of them was caught dining with the other's boyfriend.  Punches were exchanged, the manager jumped into the fray, customers fled and the cops were called.  Again, I'm just reiterating what the waiter told us.  This is not the only time I've dined here where cops were called in.
I'm going to close with this:  The food is okay.  That's all.  There are better places to dine, in my opinion, especially if you're in the Uptown area.  This restaurant is too streaky, suffers from poor wait staff, under-seasoned or over-seasoned dishes and seems to be a prime location for physical altercations.  I'd pass on this one and you should, too!Shrimp, crab and avocado salad - never have I ordered a salad and been disappointed with the amount of greens that came with it.  For the price there was a decent amount of crab meat and shrimp and 1 strip of avocado but the salad greens itself were pitiful.  It was a little larger than a normal side or house salad that you would get  with a meal.  This was hardly enough to fill me up.  The cup of dressing that they included was maybe half full.  Which I guess was in proportion to the number of greens? Bottom line I would never order this again.The service was okay nothing spectacular where I would go back. After waiting 30 mins for appetizers we then waited another 25 for our meals. It was only 5 people 3 of us had the same meal. When we received our food it was bland and dry. When asked for more sauce it took another 20 minutes for it to come out. I have Copelands  in Atlanta but I just thought the service and food in New Orleans would have been better. Very disappointed!Awful service and the food is not as good as it used to be---general manager listened to my concerns but what will he really do? Choose somewhere else to dine....bottomline!We loved the food and the staff. It was a grest experince. The shrimp and crab egg rolls were amazing, and their roast beef PO boy excellentI planned our company holiday party with Cheesecake Bistro this year.  We had about 40 guests set up in their private, back room.  The buffet was delicious--everyone was complimenting the food--and the service was excellent.
Perfect setting for a simple holiday gathering with all of our staff--we'll definitely do it again!the food is ALWAYS AWESOME. but, WHERE IS YOUR BARTENDER? we came at 4 and you're still not here. i cant order a martini until you come. the chef tried, and thank you sir, but my vodka soda was ehhhh so i've got wine. great happy happy hour, OMG. but yeah, one bartender shouldn't leave until the next walks in.Right next to one of the worst breakfast places on st. Charles, is one of the best! Located in the clarion hotel, the coffee is smooth and fresh, cheese grits ti die for, jalapeño biscuits made from scratch.  Seriously good, and reasonably priced.Last day of the semester for my daughter so before we return home we decided to stop here for a meal. We had high expectations since I've had Copelands before. Well much to my disappointment the food and the service was terrible!  Our server was awful! We ordered an appetizer for the table which required utensils we wait a full 7 minutes for plates and utensils after we received the appetizer. The waitress has a flat affect and behaved as if she was afraid. I ordered the crab cakes with zucchini basil pasta, the crab cakes were burnt! I returned my meal untouched. This is the first and very last time I will ever spend a dime in this place.Came here for Work Holiday Party. We're owned by an out of state source, so they don't know that locals don't eat here. The one star is based on our service at the bar. 
We had a private room, but we also had a tab at the bar 45 minutes before the party started. 
Service as slow, but that's not my complaint. About 25 people who don't really drink were overwhelming the two bartenders, not making eye contact, yelling over top of other people, and ordering drinks that required a blender. I am not one of these people; having been a bartender in a past couple of lives, I know that this is not the way to get served. The one star is still not about taking to long to get a drink--to this I still give the bartenders a pass. 
As our party was starting at 7:30 (and the tab would be closed), I stood at the bar starting about 7:15 with a colleague to get a drink to take into the party. I came prepared with cash to tip, which I had in my hand. 
About 7:35, they began ushering people back to the room. I am still standing at the bar with my colleague. The bar is down to one brunette bartender, the blonde-ish bartender was off to the side, speaking to a patron who was not ordering drinks. From behind, she appears agitated. The gentleman to whom she is speaking makes a gesture outward, and says something like, "You should be grateful for this." So, instead of serving us to get us away from the bar, it appears she's complaining about us. I still refused to give up on the hope that I would procure a beer for me and a wine for colleague. 
After everyone else has gone on the room, there is one other person from our group there waiting on drinks. He asked for 3 top shelf long islands. Blonde-ish bartender gets finished with her conversation, serves him the wrong number of drinks, and gets huffy as if she didn't believe that he ordered three. He was very nice about it, and watched her as she went to make the remaining drinks. I was talking to him at this point, but he was watching her. Our conversation went like this:
Him--"I was nice, right?"
Me--"Yes, you were fine."
Him-- (pauses) "She's giving me well."
Me (after looking over in the corner where she was pouring)--"Maybe her sour's in the well."
Him--"No, her sour's right there." (Points to pitcher of yellow liquid)
She gets huffy again when he points out that he asked for top-shelf. She still does not wait on me and my colleague.
She gives him his drinks, and then a manager type comes behind the bar. She 
begins whining that they were bombarded, and then says in her whiniest tone, "Do you know how much I made off of that? TWO DOLLARS!" 
She finally comes over to me and colleague. I looked at her and said, "I had money out to tip you, but you never waited on me, so I put it away." She says, "Oh, you're fine!" 
I was confused about why I was fine, but I got my drinks and left. 
I was also confused about why she thought she only made two dollars when the tab was still open and the credit card hadn't been signed. Unfortunately, I wasn't the one signing it. 
Wait until the end of the night to complain, and certainly don't complain while the customers are still standing there.I don't want to sound as if I'm slamming the place because of an off night. Cheesecake Bistro is actually my favorite causal restaurant. Between this location, the one on Vets and the on in Baton Rouge I've literally been more times than I can recall and each time was outstanding. But I will reconsider heading to this location after my experience last week. 
My server was inexperienced but he was trying his best. My wife and I ordered the Spicy Fried Chicken Cordon Bleu. It's relatively new but I had it once before and it was very good. Well this time it came drenched in a brown, au-jus looking sauce. The sauce was very salty and completely over whelmed the fire cracker sauce. The server said the chef said he may have spilled another sauce on it on accident. Thanks for telling us after we ate it. Why did you send it out in the first place? That was my 1st issue. 
My 2nd issue happened when the manager comes out and makes a lame attempt to save face by calling it a "new sauce". He only begrudgingly comped the one appetizer(not the entrees in question) after my wife kept complained.
My 3rd issue was when my wife's birthday cheesecake came served with bits of paper on it. That was all I needed to make sure I would never come back to the Bistro on St. Charles. The only reason I gave it two stars is because this place used to be great. Maybe it was an anomaly but with so much competition in this city it's not worth it to me to figure that out.Service was awful. Check was absolutely wrong. I had to look for my waitress entirely to much. Plus food came back cold. So the experience all around was terrible.The food is very very unimaginative. The waitstaff never ceases to screw up, and tourists are abundant. The only item on the menu that is worth paying for is the cheesecake, and that's if you enjoy eating lard. Wait , perhaps I am being a bit unfair...
The cheesecake is decent. So I will give it two stars. The menu has like 20 pages. Do yourself a favor, if you want corporate american food, drive a little farther to Chilis in Metarie. You'll spend less, have more attentive wait staff, and be happier.Mediocre food. I ordered the blackened shrimp Alfredo and it was okay. It could've been good but it had a ridiculous amount of pepper. It was a large serving, which is a plus, but halfway through it I had to quit because of all the pepper. It was served on pizza bread which was a nice touch. I actually enjoyed that more than the Alfredo. The cheesecake was good, definitely not great. The atmosphere was nice and the service was okay. You could easily find better food for a better price.If I could give 0 stars I would.  Fiancée and I went in this evening and it was the worst experience I've ever had at Cheesecake Bistro.  Upon arriving, I went to the restroom to find a toilet disassembled and sewerage all over the floor.  After pushing thru and sitting at the bar, the young lady was extremely pleasant.  Unfortunately, her pleasantries were all she brought to her job.  I asked for a Lemon Drop Martini and received lemon juice in a chilled glass.  I asked her to remake the drink, which she obliged.  Upon receiving the second drink, I tasted it and it tasted just as bad as the previous.  I asked her to taste the drink and she advised that she doesn't drink.  When asked how she was effective as a bartender, I learned that she was only playing a bartender because they were busy.  She then advised that the restaurant was out of Sour.  Not to mention, she only looked 16.
We decided to leave, but not before speaking to the manager, a guy.  He stated that they were busy and he had to train someone on the fly.  My response was that's not smart.  How come you're willing to waste $ on alcohol by trashing it because you're using untrained people at the bar?Had the buffalo wings, seafood platter and crash & burn all in all I enjoyed it..So I finally decided to dine at CCB and I am highly disappointed. The architecture of the building was interesting, however the atmosphere was not as intimate as I would have liked. I felt exposed at my table. 
The food was not very good. I ordered a seafood platter that tasted as if it was cooked in old cooking oil. The appetizer, firecracker shrimp, was pretty delicious despite my entrée sucking. The waiter was decent, despite the hostesses lack of attention and attitudes when I first entered.
I'm pretty sure I won't be returning as the food was overpriced and I could get a better and cheaper meal at Chili's.Dined here our first night in New Orleans and we thought it was fabulous.  Had the crab, shrimp, & avacado salad. Very generous portion, delishous, ate everything!  My daughter had a pizza bowl topped with fettucine alfredo & blackened shrimp - excellent!  The cheesecakes were incredible! Hard to choose but we had the banana foster & seasonal special pumpkin. So full from dinner we only ate a few bites & took the rest, but are looking forward to enjoying the rest when we're not so full. Plan on going back since its so close to our hotel.This place used to be much better. I still go every now and then for the only item on their menu that I like: the thai chicken wraps with onion strings.
Everything else is just extremely salty. The cheesecakes are ok but they used to be better.My review is for the cheesecake. The Napoleon cheesecake with pecans, original crust and the strawberry cheesecake are incredible. They have GREAT carrot cake too. 
If I were to rate their service, maybe a 3 or 4 depending on the day. But their desserts are out of this world.