The service is awesome...staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Go check it out! Tried the deviled eggs...Devine! The fig and goat cheese, serrano and margherita flatbreads were delicious as well.New and cool spot in downtown New Orleans!
Great variety of wines and local beers. Great food menu. We had rosé and white wines, ordered a burger and a club sandwich. Everything was made to perfection! Our server Paul was AMAZING! He made our experience even more enjoyable ! Favorite new spot !We went here before a concert. It was super busy. The service was sort of slow. Lots of confusion with drinks and food. We were dropped food that wasn't ours multiple times while we wait for our own orders. My cocktail was pretty gross. The fig and goat cheese flatbread was very good and so was there flank steak.My friends and I had a great meal at Copper Vine. The space is beautifully designed and welcoming. The staff was friendly. They just opened a week ago, and it was evident that they are still working out the kinks in timing as service was a bit slow at times. Still, they were attentive. Additional lighting outside would be great as it was tough to see our food. 
We enjoyed the deviled eggs, duck fat fries, and the Brussels sprouts to start. The sprouts were the star. I had a good soft shell crab special, and my friends sung the praises of the pork belly and short rib. My husband had the gnocchi and it was so good, I ended up having several bites of his. Definitely recommend this dish. 
We loved the variety of wines available on tap and the option of a half glass which enabled us to try a bunch of different types. 
Bonus points: gender neutral bathrooms and comfortable outdoor seating. 
Overall, we had a great time at dinner and would absolutely return!What a great concept! 38 wines on tap, oh yeah! This is a fantastic spot for those looking to learn/explore the world of wine. They have a very versatile wine list...the staff was very warm and welcoming...eager to share their passion for wine. I'm just hoping this crew opens a location in Houston! Ask for Mike at the bar...friendly and knowledgeable!Our waitress Rose was amazing. Made me feel like this was my home bar. Great drinks and food!Best place in the CBD. Rolled in rough around the edges but Rose saved our lives. She gave us the perfect recommendations and kept the drinks coming and us laughing until we became whole again. Love that spot and will definitely try and get her as our server on our next visit!So the waiter was great, the atmosphere was GREAT the red blend copper vine wine was GGRREAT! Here comes the let down, the food...
I was shockingly disappointed.  I'm obsessed with escargot, naturally I ordered the escargot flat bread and I sweat they soaked them in some form of very tart citrus juice.. it was so bad 20 minutes after we left I still could NOT get the overpowering taste out of my mouth, it was so bad I got 3 ulcers from the acidity... and duck fat fries, they legit tasted NO different than hot fries from McDonald's, SAD
I'm still going back for the wine the atmosphere and next time I'm going to try the BRUNCH MENU! Come on copper vine let's get this food on point!I have been here twice, and will continue to come again and again! Very perfect setting for an Instagram-worthy photo session, girls night out, romantic date night, or simple catching up with family and friends. What is very unique here is their complimentary self-serve popcorn with different spices/ flavors to add on top! 
Their main courses are also off-the-charts! I highly recommend their brussel sprouts as an appetizer! They are so crispy and the aoili dip compliments the flavor very well. I also recommend their gnocchi for any carb lovers out there! The mushroom pasta was particularly my favorite, however, my friends stated it was slightly salty. 
Their milky way dessert display was beautiful but was it worth the cash? Not really. It was okay. Very tiny cookie bites spread around a big dish mixed with assorted chocolates. I'll definitely skip that dessert and try the other ones next time. 
Their wines and cocktails are pretty cheap! And they also have half-off select wine bottles during happy hour from 3:30 to 5:30 PM. I loved the Eberle Cabernet Sauvignon. Very smooth and not too bitter. 
The only minor complaint about the location is the absence of lighting outdoors at night. Hopefully there will be a string of lights and also working heaters for the winter time in the future. However, these little things won't stop me from coming back! See you real soon Copper Vine. Stay beautiful!My sister and I ate here last Sunday and it was beyond amazing. The atmosphere is very quiet, the service flawless and the food beyond delicious. The wine selection is quite good as well. Definitely a must!Don't let the heat deter you from enjoying the outside dinning area, just be aware that once the sun goes down, you won't be able to see your plate. The gender-neutral bathrooms allow for you to step into the 21st century and the decor is detailed and sleek. The option of half or full glass allow for you to choose your own adventure without breaking your pocket. While the service is a little slow the wait staff is very welcoming, attentive and my water glass was never empty. The oldly but goody classic devil eggs are given a New Orleans edge with the accent of crab meat. Short ribs melt in your mouth and cooked to perfection. If you need a change of pace from the same old look for the gem in the CBD.Great spot. Outdoor patio plant situation is prime. Wine selection is excellent as well. Recommend.Our first visit for a casual late lunch with cocktails. Restaurant has a lovely courtyard that you walk into prior to entering. Once inside space is clean and very nice. We are greeted and seated promptly. Water is served very quickly. Waiter shows up a bit later to take our drink order.  We asked a few questions about menu and our waiter answered and seemed knowledgeable about menu. We ordered crab devil eggs and fries for app. Both were very tasty. We asked if dinner menu was different and asked if we could just look at one, for maybe dinner in future. We never got one. I ordered smoked chicken salad club sandwich with no tomatoes. It came with tomatoes .  After I removed them, it was tasty. Another had grilled cheese with tomato basil soup and really liked it. Another had veggie sandwich and said it was okay, more cheesy than veggie. Had to ask twice for another wine. Also did  not get itemized check, just total on table side machine. We all did love powder room area. Food and cocktails were tasty, restaurant was nice and laid out well. Service could have been better. We will probably give it another try.Recently visited New Orleans for a extended weekend. Three out of five of us were excited about the bottomless Veuve Clicquot Rose they offer for brunch. Regretfully, after they pour you the first drink you have to chase your server down for a refill. Be prepared, just trying to set expectations appropriately. I also wanted to mention the over all service at this restaurant is below standard. That's the issue, no service. Our waiter Nikolas would spend more time standing around talking and playing on his computer that he takes orders with, than helping the table help (assistant). We had to ask for things 2 and 3 times. It was quite annoying. I wanted to forewarn you the food is EXTREMELY salty. Be prepared for some flavor. Two of the five of us in the party left with stomach aches due to over salting/seasoning. Lastly, double check your bill. Our server once we were done with brunch came over and gave us our total and didn't supply us with a copy of the bill. When he told us the amount, we all looked at one another and thought it was high. Sure enough after asking for a copy of our bill were charged for one more bottomless Veuve Clicquot Rose. It felt very unethical honestly. Though portrayed as an error, something didn't seem nor feel right. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to friends, family or colleagues. There are many choices in New Orleans, good choices... My reasoning for giving the two stars is because Nikolas's help really worked hard and did all he could. That young man should be the ones giving orders to Nikolas... I am confident one day he will be.Food, drinks, and superior service. John S. Is the best server! Check this place out.Copper Vine has a pretty legit happy hour, and their lunch special during Coolinary New Orleans was really good. I've been consistently impressed with the food and drink, though the service leaves something to be desired (mostly just the speed and occasionally the accuracy). I love to order a glass of wine at happy hour and sit out on their patio, which is the stuff of my dreams: literally, just plants as far as the eye can see. My favorite lunchtime order is the fried shrimp poboy (their pepper jelly and pickled okra are SO GOOD) with a side of gumbo. They have a huge selection of wines and I've only tried a few of them; one was excellent, and the other (the house red) wasn't great, but I didn't have super high expectations for the budget blend. Overall, this is a great place to get lunch in the CBD (especially if you've got extra time to kill).Sorry no pic, we sat on the balcony at night and i couldn't snap anything good. But this place is pretty cool. The atmosphere was pretty noisy but its bearable. Pretty large selection of wines not some much on liquors ( which is understandable it's a wine pub). Good price points on everything no complaints. As far as the food! I tried my first impossible burger (plant based)and it was AMAZING! It didn't leave me with that I'm super stuffed feeling. They also have unlimited popcorn with various seasonings to snack while your waiting. I like this place the food and the drinks. Great place to hang out and catch up with friends.I have to rave about this place. We had a reservation for a large party and unfortunately things got complicated because the rain took the courtyard out of the equation, but the staff handled it beautifully. They offered us a free appetizer and a complementary bottle of champagne without us even complaining and got us seated as soon as they possibly could. Our waitress, Rose, was so sweet and served us really well. Not to mention, the food was fantastic! I would recommend this restaurant to anybody in the New Orleans area.I enjoy trying new places when I come to visit New Orleans. I had high hopes for this restaurant based on reviews and photos on Instagram. As I walked in, my party was not formally greeted and there was no direction for seating. I found a worker that led me to the hostess stand, but there was no hostess available. As I waited, its clear the establishment did not have a functional system to handle walk-ins and reservations. Also, it's very unprofessional to leave the hostess stand unattended for long periods. It's understandable to be swamped on a Friday night, but there needs to be more efficient communication within the waiting area. Overall, we stood confused for about 15 minutes waiting for a directive. Finally, the hostess arrived, and we asked for a table for two. At 7:30 PM, she said they were completely booked until 9:45 PM. I told her to put my name on the list for 9:45 PM, and headed to my vehicle. However, I looked on Open Table, and they had a reservation for 7:45 PM. This was purposefully not communicated to us by the hostess, and we were essentially lied to. We made the reservation for 7:45 PM and went back to the lounge. Although we had a confirmed earlier reservation, they still hesitated to seat us because they were "confused." While they were "confused" they still sat other people who had reservations at the same time or after us. I felt as if we were treated unfairly with major hunts of racial stereotyping and bias . We finally decided to sit at the bar instead. The bartenders were nice and extremely helpful. However, the hostesses need work. Based on newer review, it seems as if black visitors are all treated the same. Terrible!Terrible service and the food was underwhelming and that's being nice. My wife and I decided to give copper vine a try. I will say the decor was very nice and inviting. We had several glasses of wine. A decent selection to choose from and several choices of size of pour that allows you a chance to try several different ones if you want to  experiment. 
The issue was the inconsistent service, absent-minded and slow. A little bit after we arrive and party of 20+ arrived. It looked like a group from a local CBD office. That group sucked up all the service. I comment to my wife we should probably order something before the large table because it may overwhelm the kitchen. After a few moments we order some duck fat Fries and a duck confit Flatbread. We were initially told that the duck Confit wasn't available then told it just wasn't ready yet.  So we went with the fries. Low and behold several flatbreads including a duck confit flatbread we delivered to the large table less than 5 minutes later. Our fries to 20min and we well fries. Not special.  Then we ordered a different flatbread. 25 min later I flagged down the server to ask where it was. Apparently a mistake was made so he said he would rush out another order.  20 min later a server comes out with a flatbread and wanders ultimately placing the flatbread on the large table of 20+ and I can hear them asking among themselves who ordered it?.......well no one because it was ours. So I flagged again and told it would be rushed again and yes, 20 min it finally arrived. And well it was underwhelming at best. A flatbread is a simple square/rectangular pizza on a thin crackery/crispy crust. How do you mess that up?  Was bland. We just finished up and left. We were there to enjoy some wine on a Friday evening so we stayed for that reason. Then it just became comical. I don't believe we will be returning anytime soon.I was excited about this place as I had passed it  it a few times when I was waking by although the atmosphere is nice it defiantly has some flaws. First of all is the acoustics...GET READY TO SCREAAAMMMM. Next the service although somewhat efficient they actually only  had one server for the entire restaurant (although did have food Runners and bartender) but he obviously forgot to put my main course in which was a big issue when telling him at the start I was heading to the pelicans game and on a schedule. Apparently that did not  mean much although he did bring me my bill before my forgotten food even came out! And I was somehow charged a 20% tip as a default for my forgotten order before I even got my main course when I was planning  to leave cash tip. Thankfully I noticed it before I tipped double on severely neglected service and subpar food. 
The food was not good. The beet salad although sorta pretty came out filled with morose chunks of beets that could have choked a cow. But HEY the underlaying sauces made it look pretty...although didn't really help the taste. They should really add some greens as a base and ummm carve the beets into something a human could choke down. 
Then the main course which was a flatbread margarita pizza took 40 min after the salad. Obviously forgotten the pizza came out cold and slopped together on the fly. Obviously waiter error and he would not acknowledge it. 
WINE BAR: To top it off their wine selection by the bottle is severely overpriced  and the tap wines by the glass ...up to bottle are basic and uninteresting. This is the sort of place that could easily boast a high end list but instead they gobble up your dollars assuming you are a tourist or on a business tab $$. 
I so wish this place wasn't just a tourist trap with a nice looking appearance but unfortunately that is exactly what it is. I don't expect I'll be back.Great ambiance, food was ok. Drinks were fabulous! Also, the serving staff couldn't have been nicer.Definitely a spot I will be returning to. It's always nice to find somewhere to sip and chat. Sadly, I was only there for a few glasses of wine and did not get to taste any of the appetizers or meals. The wine... wow. Never would i have thought wine on tap would be a thing but I'm sure glad it is. Very cool idea and definitely trendy. Decor is spot on. Staff is spot on, enthusiastic, friendly, and entertaining. The bartender, JR, definitely kept the bar entertained and lively. He had great suggestions. I tried the Hook & Smith along with the Grenache/ Cinsault; it had a nice sweet taste to it. Full bottles for happy hour came out to only $20; that's a pretty nice price for good tasting wine. Win win situation!A great addition NOLA and the CBD. The wine selection is great and the wait staff suggested a wonderful light and fruity wine to go with my lunch. The gumbo was delicious and I can't wait to return for more wine. Happy that you arrived and took over from previous company and must success with Little Gems.We were in New Orleans last week for the first time and came upon this place. We went because I like wine, but my partner was intrigued by the crab deviled eggs. It was a nice day so patio seating was available (highly recommended). Our waiter Christopher was awesome. Not only was he easy to talk to, he gave us a list of places we should try while in New Orleans. I really liked the choice of being able to order 2.5oz./5 oz/ carafe/ bottle of wine, especially since I wanted to try a few. The food was delicious. We had the crab deviled eggs, fig and goat cheese flatbread.  We came back for their weekend brunch before heading to airport. Crab cake benedict was mouthwatering delicious!A delightful experience both times I was here. Kind, attentive staff, beautiful outdoor and indoor space and very tasty food. I am a bit spoiled with divine dining selections in New York, and Copper Vine did not disappoint. I highly recommend sitting in their outdoor space and trying a flight of wines. My friend and I joked that we were transported into a tropical forest--greenery was everywhere! I stopped for one last glass of wine and charcuterie/cheeses before my flight back to New York. The variety of the meats and cheeses was abundant and filling, and I really enjoyed the wine.This was one of our favorite spots in this part of town. A lot of places were closed due to mardi gras. Copper Vine was not only open, but had a high top table free for us. We did the deviled eggs, which came with three halves for some reason. Haven't really figured that out, but they were good. We ordered a bottle of malbec. The bottle didn't have a label on it, so I'm not sure what that was about either. The food was great. Compared to other places in the area it is reasonably priced and much better quality. The staff was much more attentive and responsive than a few other spots nearby, too. Would definitely go back if we lived in NOLA.On vacation to New Orleans and this wine bar was FANTASTIC! I absolutely loved the menu and food, but the service was second to none. Justin was fabulous. He constantly checked on us, provided new wine suggestions based on my tasting experience and truly made the visit to Copper Vine memorable. We have to return before we leave NOLA. If you love wine, Copper Vine is a must.Great ambiance. Food and drinks were good.  Server was super funny and attentive. Only drawback is the kitchen was a little slow.Great place to eat and hang out! We had some drinks outside in the patio area and then went inside for dinner. The service is what made me give them 5 stars, the chef was outside hanging out with everyone, seating, chatting, asking how we were doing. So many people checked up on us that I couldn't keep track. Food was great and the atmosphere was fabulous!Decent little wine bar in New Orleans. Lots of choices on drinks (wine by the half pour, full pour, carafe, bottle or on tap - beer and cocktails).
Their food was quite good as well with a modern American menu. Duck fat fries were awesome!
Quite a variety of foods, although I might recommend sticking to land-based food as better seafood is available throughout New Orleans.Beautiful outdoor space and a great menu. Loads of options when it comes to wines & great suggestions as far as pairings! The chefs muse is a must try! My only complaint was awful service - although the manager was great and knowledgeable, the waiter was rude and ruined the experience all together.I WAITED 8 MINUTES AND WAS NEVER GREETED
and the bar was 2/3 empty (see pic).
Apparently there was an important group in for a wine tasting. Regardless, I should have at least been acknowledged.
I WALKED 2 BLOCKS TO JUAN'S for happy hour
(3-7pm daily).
I did get pics of the most current menu (attached).Went for Bottomless Mimosa/Rosé Brunch, and we were lucky enough to get Christopher as our server. He was so friendly, welcoming, informative, willing and able to answer our questions, and was checking in on us appropriately and unobtrusively. As a local, I like to drag my sister to "Brunch Recon" before I bring out-of-town guests. The space has been beautifully renovated since it's days as Happy's, lots of natural light, comfy bench seating with pillows, lovely courtyard seating option weather permitting. Brunch menu has something for everyone, Bottomless mimosas were on point - they give you the orange juice in a small, separate carafe so you are able to add as little or as much as you'd like. We ordered the fig and goat cheese flatbread, the shrimp and grits, and the gulf fish. Shrimp and grits were excellent - grits were flavorful and not runny like they can be some places. Gulf fish was cooked perfectly and the green beans were in a subtle, tasty sauce. Fig and goat cheese flatbread had - dare I say- TOO  MUCH goat cheese, but was still very tasty. Would order everything again, but will probably try something new next time as there were so many delicious sounding choices. My bottomless glass was never empty, and believe me, I tried!! We never felt rushed, and actually had to ask for the check which was so wonderful in a "bottomless" environment. Highly recommend Copper Vine for bottomless brunch! Thanks again for such an excellent experience, Christopher!Such a great place to stumble upon! One of the best cheese/charcuterie boards I've had! Especially if you like pickles green beans and okra. We also had a great server named Justin, luckily he understood our humor so it was a great experience for all of us. If you're easy going and enjoy a good time ask for him!Wine was very good , margarita flatbed needed salt and instead of basil they substituted micro-greens ... really bland .....olives good, service was okOkay so the food at Copper Vine is pretty amazing and so is the atmosphere , because of these two factors , I rated a 3 star. The Customer Service here was not the best and that was a huge let down . My waiter was decent for the most part and I made sure to leave him a nice tip but we definitely felt rushed after about an hour . 
I understand that they want to get other people seated and make more money but it is my right as a customer to take my time and enjoy my dinning experience. ( Especially since I made reservations) Maybe I just caught them on a bad day but management definitely needs to speak to the waiters and hostess about being kind , pleasant and patient with the customers- after all , we are how you stay in business . ( We purchased bottomless mimosas and after the third glass , the bus boy tried to come take our glasses . I had to tell him we were not finished ) 
This is the south folks, be friendly, smile at your guest and make them feel welcomed , not rushed. Other than that , I would have to say I enjoyed my brunch at Copper Vine .I absolutely love the atmosphere of this cafe/bar. You can tell a lot of thought went into their design. I also appreciate their covid protocol. Their panini sandwiches are delicious and their fries are literally the yummiest fries I've probably ever had!! This is a great place to come and do work and grab lunch/breakfast/coffee with a friend. This has definitely become one of my go-to spots!!Came here after a nice dinner out to keep the night going a bit. Relaxed atmosphere is very inviting. Get the feel of being downtown without all the New Orleans party scene. Great wine selection and the servers are more than willing to help direct you if unsure about wine in generalWe came here on our last night in New Orleans as it was around the corner from our hotel, we couldn't fault it! Taylor our server was incredible! friendly and attentive! 
We ordered the short rib and steak and frites and they were both cooked amazingly, we decided we would try a dessert since we loved our mains so much and shared a Milky Way, just like the other meals it was perfection! 
We booked ahead online and looks like that is the way to go as it did get busy but would definitely recommend checking this place out if your in the area! It was a great way to end our trip to NOLA!New favorite place! My husband and I stopped in last night before a concert at the Arena. Great wine, amazing food, awesome service. Ask for JP! We loved all of his recommendations. Already planning our next visit!Copper Vine took over the old Happys location. Let me start with the space. They did an amazing job! Has indoor and outdoor spaces on the first floor and second. We sat upstairs on the balcony. Besides the heat, it was great up there! I was mostly focused on drinking and not eating. 
They had a good selection of wine. We went with a bottle of Rosé and it didn't disappoint. Also ended up getting an order of fries and the aioli sauce was to die. Service was good as well. Only disappointment was how early their happy hour ends. 
Happy Hour is 3-5 and half off wine on tap. 
Definitely a spot worth checking out especially if you can make it for the happy hour deals.Can't wait to get back to this place once restaurants reopen. Amazing casual but boujee ambiance on their breezy outdoor terrace. The flatbreads (we had duck confit and Serrano ham) were savory deliciousness that was the perfect snack to our with wine (heavy enough to be satisfying but not so much food that you're stuffed). Their vino is delicioso-and half off bottles during happy hour?! Heck yes.I love the atmosphere of Copper Vine! On top of the wonderful wine selections and great tasting small plates, my server Taylor was excellent! She was very kind and helpful, and even introduced me to my new favorite wine. Will definitely recommend her as a server for my next visit!The food here was delicious. My travel companion and I split the steak and it was amazing; perfectly tender, no part wasted as this cut of meat was beautiful. We shared the cauliflower and Brussels sprouts; the Brussels felt a little heavy to me and I couldn't finish them. The ability to do half glasses of wine made for a nice, choose-for-yourself flight. The decor was cute and the outdoor space would be awesome in warmer weather (lots of greenery). Our waiter was friendly and funny. All around, a nice evening.I love this location and the food is amazing. I've been several times and everything I've tried has been delicious. The fried chicken with boudin rice and boiled peanuts was to die for. The service is amazing and the ambiance is greatAll around SO GREAT. Came here with three others and sat in the outdoor patio for a late dinner. The whole space is beautifully decorated and the food was delicious -- we ordered multiple dishes to share and even our one vegetarian found plenty to eat on the menu. Also, the wine-on-tap concept is super cool, especially because they're able to reuse the bottles (once they're emptied and sanitized ofc). BEST PART had to have been our server. Dom is hilarious and amazing, he gave us plenty of recommendations from the menu and places to go around the city. He was also very attentive in general and especially to our dietary restrictions without needing any reminder!!! Also there was another server who was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and vegetarian establishments throughout the city and just all around so friendly, just can't remember his name unfortunately. Without a doubt will be returning next time we're in NOLA!We have been there twice. Once a few weeks ago and again today. Honestly the food is not only amazing but the service is at least seven stars. The first time we went we had Rose who not only made us feel welcome but also so informative about the menu. She led us to to an amazing brunch. Today Ari (spelling) ? Made us amazing drinks and again made us feel so welcome. Our number one brunch spot in the ENTIRE city of New Orleans!!!Tasty food, lovely outdoor patio service, great wine selection and Cemille was a wonderful server. My friends enjoyed the Wagyu burger and their side arugula salads which were huge! And I enjoyed a cup of the new French shallot soup and the blackened tuna Niçoise salad. Our bottle of Tempranillo was lovely, and the outdoor patio seating was sweet. Sadly we were too full for dessert!I ended up stopping here twice during my trip. Once for happy hour and another time for brunch. Their happy hour includes a great wine flight and discounted appetizers. I got the Brussels sprouts and olives...amazing! For brunch, we did the bottomless mimosas, filet mignon brochette, chicken sandwich & the burger. We enjoyed our entire meal!We had an amazing experience here.  With covid, and puppies and all that life throws at you, it's nice to get out, drink and forget it all.  Copper vine is that place.  Amazing social distancing and COVID preventative methods, along with an amazing staff (shout out to Jen/Gin/Jin dang it you all know who she is.). She was an amazing host, very attentive and related well to us and even conversed with us, which we loved.This is my new favorite place for happy hour! Half off all tap wine! By the glass, carafe, or bottle. The atmosphere is wonderful and open. The food is to die for! A MUST order is the mushroom pasta, just wow. Side note, if you're lucky enough to get Chance as a server, makes the experience that much better.The food here was amazing and the restaurant is super cute inside and outside. Our sever Justin is what really made our experience enjoyable. He gave us many recommendations on the food and beverages. We are also here on vacation and he also gave us recommendations on things to do for the rest of our time here. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone and will be back before we leave.Thats was Thursday night after hurricane in New Orleans. Place was packed, so it caused a little waiting time on everything. Friendly hostess helped me to find a spot inside, because outside was pretty chill. I tried few items there, and I can't say that it was something special. But I really like exterior and interior. Place looks so cool to me. I really enjoyed being there.Great place with tons of potential but ultimately they need a lot of work. Food was ok, service was poor, drinks were weak, and they do not honor there happy hour on saints Monday game days. This should have been explained when I booked my reservation being happy hour was the reason we were dining here.Absolutely fabulous food the brussels sprouts were scrump-delicious the green salad was fantastic with candied pecans  and the margarita pizza was wonderful. Do not under estimate the serving size. I  order way-more than I needed to eat but  plan on eating every single bite.  Definitely worth a try.  I will be back.Such a fan of this place! I've been twice now, the most recent being with a group of friends for happy hour, and both experiences were amazing. Happy hour starts at 4 and offers half of the carafes of wine. In addition to ordering a few different wines, we also shared several small plates including the duck fat fries, olives, and vegetable flatbread. Everything was delicious, reasonably sized for a medium group, and a good complement to the wines we ordered. 
While the food and wine (on tap!) is definitely worth a trip, their outdoor patio is PHENOMENAL. The live plants and simple, but rustic seating makes an intimate "getaway" from the hustle and bustle of the CBD/downtown area. The crowd is professional, sophisticated, and relaxed. Definitely worth a visit!Excellent food, phenomenal drinks, superb service, delightful atmosphere.  We had Wonderlust cocktail and margarita pizza with crab deviled eggs and tuna salad all was delicious!Enter through the courtyard on the corner of Poydras and O'Keefe. Go through the first door on the left to find host stand inside. Had the happy hour tuna tartare w/caviar and bacon wrapped dates. Both were good. 5 stars for service and gorgeous plant covered courtyard. Hostess was welcoming and my server Cemile was a sweetheart. Bonus: They have easy touch-less QR code pay option.Presentation of the Place: The Bathrooms are nice. It reminds you of  an overpriced hotel that you can feel fancy in while taking a dump. The inside of the place reminds me of an amalgamation of the sets of Cheers, Sex in the City, and some French Noir.
The Food: 
Starter:
Jumbo Lump Crab Deviled Eggs
So, this is the first of many dishes were the common complaint is the lack of salt in the food. From the egg, filling, and crab itself, everything was void of salt or seasoning except for what was a little paprika. The textures are boring and 1 dimensional. For 8 dollars, you are getting 3 deviled eggs at the lowest effort of innovation and care. It is something with less flavor and passion than the ones you are partaking in during Thanksgiving at your grandmas.
Brussels Sprouts with Garlic Aioli and Grated Parmesan.
The Brussels sprouts are cooked exceptional well, which is rare. This is ruined, by the lack of salt and seasoning again. I assume this is due to the amount of Parmesan shaved on top of the dish. This gives the dish an overwhelming umami flavor, and it forces you to reach for the garlic aioli to counter it. After about 10 bites, you begin to realize how white you are because you are essentially eating cheese and mayo. 
Entrees:
Ratatouille with filet
No salt on the filet on top. No salt in the dish itself. What is on the Filet is a lot of balsamic vinegar, which is overpowering. The tomato paste hasn't been stewed long enough, so the dish is really acidic especially with the amount of balsamic vinegar being used.  
Quail and Boudin
This dish is weird. If you ever had a fever dream and was wondering man I wish I could eat that, this is what it taste like. The portion of boudin and quail you get is actual small for the price. Guess what the quail doesn't have on it? The fry on the quail isn't good and the breading breaks offs. The chicken gumbo taste so strange like they almost put soy sauce in it and also has notes of sour. The boudin is really good and is the oasis in this odd dish. 
Drinks:
1 Bottle of the Smith and Hook. Your standard Cabernet nothing flashy.
Service: 
I usually don't critique service. I understand that we all take breaks at work, but man no water refills, the restaurant isn't busy, and people from the pass are having to bring our food. This is happening while you and your bartender friend are talking the entire time. Not a good look hombre.  
Verdict: A Salty No
If you want to have a glass of wine with the girls or boys, while you look out at Poydras St. I guess this is the place for you. In my opinion, there are far better options location and culinary wise for you to go to.HOOOOOOOORIBLE!!! It was 8pm, a friend and I walked in after hearing how "AMAZING" this place was and were left standing at the host stand for several minutes.  I honestly thought the place was closing although there were several people seated both indoors, outdoors on the main floor and outdoors upstairs. 
Finally this chipper but rather confused host comes out to semi great us, but was paying a lot of attention to what was going on back where he had just arrived from. When I asked if we could sit upstairs, we were informed there was a party, which was fine, and then requested the main floor patio. 
After about 10 minutes, the host came back with 2 empty glasses, no water, no tea, no soda, just 2 empty glasses and then walked away. 
We were both starving and it was getting late, awful service, dry drinks, figured we would get better service elsewhere, and we did.Ok, we didn't have a reservation but they said a half hour wait and we would be able to get something. Well an hour later and she forgot about us.... no big deal we were sitting at the bar and they have over 30 wines on tap! Great concept right? Well we finally got seated outside upstairs. Another great idea, but the street lighting made it incredibly difficult to see the menu and your food. As for food we'll it was a disappointment. Very bland considering New Orleans is a culinary mecca. The layout and looks of this place has incredible presentation. Food needs to be better and this place would be an absolute home run making it almost impossible to get a table on a Friday or Saturday night. Love all the wine options and bartenders down stairs. That's the only reason for the 2 starts. This is New Orleans people! Your food needs to be much better!What's better than great food & wine? Great food, wine & service   
Nic took amazing care of us again!! We came for brunch and we were enjoying everything that we ended up staying for lunch as well‍‍
Today we tried the 
- baby Dutch pancake (5/5) 
- 8 oz wagyu burger (5/5)
Love the ambiance perfect outdoor patio seating right in the heart of downtown. 
The landscaping is everything you can tell they really care about details . I also really appreciated the great service thanks Nick R for all the recommendations they were all superb. 
Highly recommend! We will definitely be back I heard they have an amazing brunch.The Crusher petite syrah - 100% varietal and DELISH. Great atmosphere. Good, solid food. Brussels were excellent. Waiter was friendly and personable. Comfortable environment.Perfect spot for a group of people or a date night. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I got a flight of 4 wines. They say it was 2.5 ounces each but I think they had a heavy pour! They explained each wine and left me with the names written down. We split the goat cheese and fig flat bread and the charcuterie board. The charcuterie board was worth the money. They offered plenty of  accoutrements with the selection. High quality meat and cheese noted and were not skimpy on portions. Probably could skip the flat bread next time. Split the impossible burger which is the best one I have tried thus far in the city. We swapped fries for Brussel sprouts which were worth it. I can't wait to go back to try more wines.Enjoyed a glass of red and the fig goat cheese flatbread on the patio with a few girls. Wine was delicious as usual! I will say our server did not have one of us sample it before serving us all, which I found a bit odd considering it's a wine bar. The fig and goat cheese flatbread was fresh and came out warm. I did feel it was lacking a bit of flavor- although the goat cheese was great it was really the only thing I could taste on it. The atmosphere is wonderful and our server was friendly. Would consider trying againJohn is the best sever you're will get period. Such an amazing experience, and the food was delicious. Highly recommended!Finally got to try Copper Vine for brunch.  Basically, the two big pluses are the food and the ambience.  The courtyard is VERY nice now that we're starting to get some cooler days.  The food was also mostly very good.  The deviled eggs appetizer, while good, wasn't really a standout over other deviled eggs I've had at restaurants.  The main dishes, however, were much better.  My salmon dish was pretty good.  The salmon was nicely cooked and seasoned.  The spinach was very well seasoned as well.  In fact, for some it might be TOO well seasoned.  For me it was enjoyable because I like a bit of spice, but you guys may want to mention on the menu that the spinach features a pretty heavy sprinkle of red pepper flake.  In fact, I'd probably refer to it as a "spicy" spinach because I could definitely see some people being taken by surprise.  The crabcake dish was also very good.  Crabcake was very heavy in crabmeat and light on filler.  Potatoes were done nicely, and sauces on both dishes were handled just right.  As far as main dishes go, the main negatives were the Dutch Baby being I think a bit underdone and the poached eggs having slightly overdone yolks but slightly underdone whites.  No idea how they pulled that one off...    But the main reason for subtraction of a star is the service.  First off, lil black dude who was the host, seemed to have ZERO care about doing his job.  We walked in to no smile or greeting or anything.  He just looked at us.  Fiancee says Hi table for two please.  He says "this way" and unceremoniously brings us to a table right next to the other two parties in the entire place.  So the courtyard has (I counted) 11 tables.  There are 3 parties in total dining at the time.  And he thinks it a good idea to sit us all on top of one another.  That's just a lack of care or common sense or both.  Spread us out a bit!!  He did seem to care GREATLY, however, when an attractive single diner came in.  Even came back to check on her at some point to see that she was "doing OK" *eyeroll*.  Our waitress, on the other hand, was very nice, but maybe seemed to not have a great grip on the POS system as literally EVERY DISH was brought to the wrong table.  Not just ours, but everyone else's.  By the time we had all of our food, there were only 4 tables occupied.  How hard can it be?  Also, she completely forgot my second drink.  BUT she caught her mistake and brought it on the house.  So that is a great positive.  She realized she made a mistake and went above and beyond to make it right without me even bringing it up.  But at the end of the day, the food was very good so I'll very probably be back.  Just, in all honesty, replace the host.  I'm never one to try to rid people of their employment, but if he's only going to show hospitality to patrons he thinks he can flirt with, then he is quite simply in the wrong business.  That, and retrain your wait staff on the table numbers.  I think if y'all can do that, combined with the quality product that the kitchen is putting out, y'all will be very successful.This is an awesome place to pop in for a light snack or refreshing sip. We popped in on our anniversary and the service was wonderful. Will definitely be back to try some more of their menu itemsThe atmosphere was great, but the receptionist was kind of rude to my group. He directed us to our table but didn't give us the q code to scan for the menu. He sat another group after us with the q code. He never made eye contact with us. After waiting 10 minutes without seeing a server, I got up and asked for a menu.
The food was okay. Kind of overpriced for the quality. We ordered brussel sprouts, truffle fries, 2 orders of deviled eggs and 2 cups of soup for our starters. The brussel sprouts were our favorite even for my friend who never liked them before. The soups were good, but the eggs and fries were just okay, nothing special.
We then ordered the large cheese board to share and the lumpcrab gnocchi. The cheese board was adequate. No complaints there, but the gnocchi was served half- burnt. The taste was interesting but not in a positive way. The drinks were okay. I don't know if I would go back.Food was perfectly seasoned and yummy! The Brussel sprouts were our fave! John was friendly and knowledgeable and made our experience even better! He was very attentive and went above and beyond! Great service and food!We were a party of five at 6:30 pm on a Friday night. We had called for a reservation but might not have been necessary. The restaurant did fill up shortly after our arrival. Everything we ordered was amazing. We started with the deviled eggs, three cheese charcuterie board and the marinated olives. Everything was so good! Many discussions took place over the quality of the cheeses and the olives and maybe capers.
Two of us chose a two selection flight of wine, one of us was recommended a vodka cocktail and very much enjoyed. Nick was our waiter and he was top notch. 
We weren't sure if we were going to order entrees and then the quality of the food definitely had us anticipating those specialties. I ordered the grilled vegetable flatbread. It was excellent, the slices roasted garlic brought it to the top. My daughter had the chicken and boudin gumbo, very enjoyable. Another guest ordered the short ribs and mashed potatoes, her words "try this, it'll change your life". This will be a definite must stop on future visits.We snagged a coveted outdoor reservation during happy hour and were seated promptly. While we were waiting for our drinks, a party of three walked in and seated themselves at a large table behind us. The hostess came over and explained that the table was already reserved and they could be seated inside. One of the men was awful - so condescending and entitled - barking that he knew the manager and to just tell her he'd be sitting down. The poor hostess went to get her manager, Lydia, who came out and greeted the customers warmly. Lydia didn't waste a moment before throwing her hostess under the bus -- she apologized to the rude patrons on her hostess' behalf, and said she had moved around other reservations so they could have the table. Now, a party who had actually made a reservation and requested an outdoor table, would be bumped inside because the manager refused to stand up to this patron -- not a great way to run a business. Now for the food -- Copper Vine has their menu coded with "gluten free." Nowhere does it say that the items are only GF when specified or modified -- it just labels them GF. I ordered the pork belly, which purports to just be gluten free, but mentioned that I have celiac, and our waitress responded "oh, let me actually go ask the kitchen. I don't think the menu key is right." She went and checked, and much to my shock, was right. At this point, I was rattled and wanted to talk to someone who truly knew what was gluten free. Our waitress sent over the manager, Lydia again, who had literally no information. She started off with "well I try to eat gluten free too," which is never something that someone with celiac wants to hear. I could tell she was making it up as she went, as she couldn't answer any follow up questions. If I'd been with my boyfriend, we would have just left. Since I was in NOLA visiting friends, I stuck it out, opting for a seafood dish that I was confident was naturally GF. The food was good, but management makes or breaks a restaurant, and Copper Vine needs to spend some serious time retraining their staff.Came here with a friend who made a same-day dinner reservation for a Saturday night. It was a rainy weekend so unfortunately the patio was closed for seating, but I can imagine dining in their outside space would be so nice! 
We split a bottle of Malbec wine (750ML, $36) and 3 appetizers: black truffle fries ($9), brussels sprouts ($8) and the bianca flatbread with added charcuterie on top ($14). We were a bit worried the portions would be too small to share but it filled us up perfectly! Everything was tasty. The parmesan aioli that came with the fries was particularly good, and I actually preferred it over the aioli that came with the brussels sprouts. We added charcuterie to our bianca flatbread for an extra $3 and while the amount of meat was on the measly side, it was very tasty and paired well with the three cheese flatbread -- in layman's terms, it tasted like mildly sweet little cubes of ham LOL. The water also tasted like it's cucumber-infused. 
In light of the new COVID mask guidelines, some staff members were and some were not masked. Service was extremely attentive. We were asked a few times how everything was and were also offered a dessert menu towards the end of our meal. They were able to split our bill between two different cards. We stayed a while (probably longer than welcome) to just chat and finish our wine, and I didn't feel too pressured by staff to hurry up and pay and leave. As for the ambience, while definitely nice, people eating there ranged from couples dressed up for date night to just casual groups of friends i.e. dress up if you want to but also don't feel pressured to! 
I've been told from friends who have gone to Copper Vine prior that there used to be a popcorn dispenser free to customers, so not too sure what's up with that anymore. Overall, seems like a popular spot for a fancier night out! Would love to visit and check out their happy hour.Copper Vine has been on my list of must try and so happy that we went before the Pelicans game . 
First , beautiful space that feels cozy and open inside and with a delightful patio that insulates from the busy street .
The menu has an excellent variety of both small and large  plates  and for all eating choices . 
We enjoyed our wine , cocktails and dinners and had leftovers . 
The staff are professional and friendly . Thank you to our excellent server Ari .
We look forward to many more happy hours and dinners .Wow. This space has certainly come a long way since it was Happy's and I really have to commend the owners on the change. It honestly looks nothing like it used to and there's even a fancy upstairs area now!
David and I were here for his cousin's birthday celebration and we were seated upstairs. We didn't have a full dinner, but we did have some really good fries and we had a few cocktails. First, since it's a wine bar, I started with a really good malbec that was reasonably priced. I like that they give you the option of a half pour or whole pour, I guess in case you want to just do some tastings. Even though they mainly specialize in wine, they do have a full bar and a pretty decent beer selection. I had the Holy Roller IPA which was a fairly priced $7, especially considering the atmosphere of the place. 
We hung out at a while and they didn't rush us at all as we basically just sipped drinks and enjoyed conversation. Every now and then I did feel that they forgot about us (I ordered coffee that never came), but all in all it was a good experience and it good place to start your evening.We visited Copper Vine last week. Our server, Grace was wonderful. We ordered a few apps. The food was good but what stood out for us was the service. Copper Vine has multiple wine menus...I wanted to try something new but didn't know where to start. Grace made a few knowledgable suggestions and even brought over the sommelier. Since we were having a casual night I was unsure about bringing over the sommelier...typically I would shy away from something like that. WOW, I was so pleasantly surprised! She was so bubbly and friendly. She didn't sacrifice any professionalism in her demeanor but talked about wine in a way that wasn't elitist...I felt like she didn't care if we thought she knew a lot, she wanted us to know about wine and the brand. This girl is something special. By the end of our talking I had a flight of 3 amazing wines...a Napa Valley sauvignon blanc, a chardonnay from Santa Barbra, and an Albarino....and I could tell you about all 3, Thanks Copper Vine!  The night we visited was busy and we definitely weren't the table spending the most money....the sommelier still came back to check in and continue conversation. Grace was attentive and ensured we enjoyed our experience. We felt welcome and every staff member seemed to be happy and passionate. It looked and felt like a family run operation in a classy modern atmosphere. So cool! Great venue, Great food, Impressive staff. Worth a visit!Went for brunch and found the food to be just fine. Certainly not bad and there were some moments but overall not excited. We had the fritatta and chicken and waffles.Had business meeting on Tues last week during Happy hour starting at 2 :00 pm Plus I'm a Day Drinker Hahaha,  where can I start the  Atmosphere is Truly Amazing with all the gorgeous vines hanging everywhere,  then I ordered the Tatar with Caviar every bite was excellent  tasting experience especially with the Caviar as i was sipping my fresh made Mojito. The fresh made  Flat bread Margherita pizza had totally Killer flavor & the crust was nice and soft which I really enjoy !!!Love! Love! Love!! Decor (check) wine (check$   Gender neutral bathroom (check) customer service (check)   
Copper vine is a must do for groups and friends from out of town! Came we saw we conquered. Order multiple 2.5 pours and make your own flight.High quality ambiance, food, and service. The brussel sprouts were divine - especially the garlic aioli! So flavorful and crispy. The beet salad was very colorful yet light on the stomach. The charcuterie salad was a unique and delectable option on the menu. Every restaurant should add this option! It's all the variety of tastes and textures of a charcuterie board with the added bonus of dressing and greens. The fig and jam flatbread was perfect to share and very savory! Wine is on tap and comes in a variety of size options (different pour sizes, carafe, bottle, etc.). 
If I had more time in town, I would go back for their bottomless brunch! Michelle was an exceptional server who took great care of us.Beautiful wine bar with plenty of selections on tap! We had the Cuban sandwich and burger which were delicious & reasonable priced. Nice music playing and manager came over to ask how everything was. Clean and unique restrooms and decor and table settings very inviting.So delicious: the outdoor patio is the best. John S. was our server and he was so great. Helped us pick amazing drinks and food. Will absolutely come back!So fun! Great drinks - wish they had more of their cocktails on happy hour but all the food was delicious!This place is an oasis on the corner of two busy streets downtown. The plants create an excellent barrier from the street and provides for a great atmosphere and background. This place is extremely photogenic if you're looking for pictures for instagram. I would not recommend the indoor seating. The outdoor patio seating is so much better, but it's small and fills up fast. Make a reservation for this because you want to be outside! The brussels sprouts are a must order. Even if you don't like brussels sprouts you will like these ones. The truffle fries are also a delicious appetizer. Their happy hour is weekdays 2-6pm and they have great prices for drinks and snacks. I've never been for brunch but I have heard great things about it. This place is a favorite for me and I can't wait to return!This restaurant does not only have amazing wines and a very cute patio downtown but also good food and service every time I went there: girls day out, celebrating birthday or even a book signing.. I never had a bad experience there and that's the reason why I highly recommend it!!WOW! Everything we ordered was perfect! Best shrimp and grits EVER. Our server, Jen was awesome.I love this place!!! This was my first visit and I am hooked. The food was delicious and the drinks were great. Our server was very friendly and attentive. I love the decor and the inside or outdoor seating options. This cute place was definitely a vibe!! Will definitely be back.I've been to Copper Vine twice now and can say that both experiences have been less than mediocre. 
The space is beautiful; walking distance to the dome jf you want to go before the game or easily accessible to an after work happy hour for people who work downtown. 
The menu is creative but maybe a little too ambitious and the kitchen seems to be a little sloppy. The best appetizer I've had is the lump crab deviled eggs which are served as 3 halves. Three. Not 4, not 2. This makes splitting awkward and every time I go I chuckle about not getting the remaining half. I've had the ratatouille which is hearty but despite all the different ingredients tastes like it's just oregano. This dish also led to unfortunate digestive issues later. The second time I visited it was for brunch and my crab cake Benedict, along with another persons dish, arrived with hard boiled eggs which were supposed to be poached. I stuck my fork in the egg expecting the yolk to come dripping out but instead the ball just rolled elsewhere on the plate. I felt bad, but I had to ask for another egg. Even though we were one of maybe 4 parties in the entire restaurant, by the time I got our servers attention the crab cakes were cold. The egg they brought me later was undercooked enough that I questioned if it would make me sick (the white still has clear parts in it) so I opted not to eat it. 
I feel like I've given them a fair shot at this point and they've disappointed me each time so I don't plan on returning again.Brunch in the Big Easy!  There are so many spots for brunch but this aesthetic is BOMB. SUPERRRRRR cute. The food matches the ambiance!  Shrimp and Grits, duck leg and waffle, steak and eggs... You really can't go wrong. $25 Bottomless mimosas during brunch.  (P.S. Texas, please take away the anti-bottomless mimosa law ). If you're in NOLA, especially with a group (we had 9 of us) check out Copper Vine! AMAZING! Joseph will take great care of you.Have been here for both brunch and dinner! They have unlimited mimosas or rose' for brunch! The food is not heavy and very delectable! Try the duck leg and waffle for brunch and seafood bouillabaisse for dinner! For appetizer try the crabmeat deviled eggs! Haven't tried the wine on tap, but the sangria was good!Wow!!! One of my top three new favorite places to eat in New Orleans. Very great ambiance with vintage/earthy accents & decor, wine on tap, self-serve popcorn and amazing service. What more can you ask for?! 
No complaints regarding the food, our server John made great recommendations: Toast of the day with salmon dip, bread pudding and the charcuterie board paired with some wine. 
Def will try more next time and recommend to all of my friends and family :) perfect for group dinners or even a date night!Only came for drinks and dessert but the Banana Fosters was Amazeballs!!!!! Service was amazingly too!!!!Walked here during the week to get my lunch. I got my lunch to go, so that and COVID-19 safety precautions made up the bulk of my impressions.
You enter the restaurant through the courtyard, which is a decent size for the CBD. The existence of a courtyard is especially noteworthy in pandemic times - some people want to avoid dining indoors - and the fact that it's shaded is major bonus points.
I placed my to-go order with the host and then sat in a corner to wait. There was a table with wipes and sanitizer by the door, and all the employees seemed to be properly wearing masks. There wasn't anyone dining in, but I got there right as they opened, so it was still early.
I was brought my drink immediately, per my request, though they also offered water while I waited. My food was ready about 15 minutes later. I got the Pick 2 combo of crawfish grilled cheese and sunflower arugula salad, and along with the standard utensils and napkins, they included 2 packets of alcohol wipes.
The crawfish grilled cheese was great: thick, gooey, and packed with flavor. I'm not normally a salad fan, but the arugula salad was pretty good too, and I'm glad I got it to balance out the richness of the sandwich.I am so pleased we chose Copper Vine for our first meal out/anniversary dinner. The decor is pretty and comfortable. The staff was friendly, all wearing masks and gloves, and people were appropriately spaced apart for social distancing purposes. We started with the crawfish beignets- absolutely delicious and my favorite part of the meal. We then shared the fig flatbread, wagyu burger with Brussels sprouts, and mushroom pasta. Everything needed some salt, and the burger needed a little more condiments. Other than that, it was delicious! I would absolutely come back :)Was our first visit to Copper Vine after I had been eyeing it down for some time, and it was just as good as I had expected. Food was delicious, our server Christopher was excellent. Great cheese board and brussel sprouts! We will be back!Yum! Yum! And a great view from the top!!! Our server was awesome (wish I could remember his name) and the food was great!!!! 
4 stars cuz no place is perfect! And we walked lots of stairs for an empty room when I would have been fine on the patio or bar! Next time I'll just say something, they seemed very accommodating 
Go here for a nice dinner!!!Came here for brunch with a bachelorette party. Made an online reservation and got seated on the beautiful, picture perfect balcony. Our server greeted us and asked us if we had been here before-we haven't-and then he ran through the menu and several of the popular items. He was very helpful answering any questions we had and offering suggestions. We all ordered coffee, which was amazing. We ordered crawfish beignets and lump crab deviled eggs, both which were great and not items you can find everywhere, so definitely recommend but you only get 3 each. For entrees, we got the crawfish grilled cheese (so so good), apple fritter french toast (so decadent, ate it for two meals), fried chicken sandwich (messy but good), lump crab benny (amazing), and the chicken and waffles (good, cornbread waffle was a different texture but not bad). Service was great and atmosphere was +++++5 stars for food, service, and ambiance. Tracy, our waitress, was absolutely wonderful. All of her recommendations were spot on. From wine, food, dessert to champagne-she nailed it! Loved it all. 
My steak was so tender and perfectly cooked. All of the garnishes paired very well. 
If you come here ask for Tracy to be your waitress. She's fire.Mom and I have been trying different restaurants for the past few weeks in order to support the community. Copper Vine was this week's lunch date. It was incredible! Justyn was our server and he was so nice and service was on point. Thanks, justyn! The food was really good, too. I was starving so we started with the crab topped deviled eggs and truffle fries. They were both amazing. Then we got the lunch special and as soon as he described that cauliflower soup, we were both sold. Thanks for the great lunch, y'all!Casual laid back vibe, but also very loud, so if you're planning a romantic date, this is not the place. Food was good, gumbo with boudin, amazing! And the roasted beet salad was delish. Flatbreads were fine, just not any wow factor to them, we tried the duck confit and margarita one. Be warned, bread pudding is Huge! We had the cranberry orange one, and it was hot, super orangey and yummy! The wine and drink pours are stingy, which surprised me, given the cost. Our service was fine, I found myself wondering a few times where our drinks were, but it did get busy at the bar, so it may not have been his fault. Overall, I'm torn on whether I'd go back.I'll start off by saying I only went to brunch. The atmosphere and the decor was nice. Very nice outdoor patio but for the fall. The three stars however are due to the small portions relative to the price. Plate sizes were a lot smaller then we imagine. I had the crabcake Benedict which was only one crabcake and one egg on top of potatoes. Taste very good but again size made the difference. My friend had the steak and eggs, steak was very very small and over cooked to his preference, which he stated at the time of ordering. But I am willing to give them another shot for dinner.The duck was amazing and the champagne was priced fair which is hard to find in the Quarter. My husband  had the white trout and enjoyed that as well. Who dat!Found this cute wine tap bar while visiting New Orleans last month.  This is my second time here and I love it even more than the first time.  
Drinks to order:  Cucumber Gimlet and the Sangria Roséé is one to die for.  
Venue is modern but still has that New Orleans feel.  Great location and amazing patio.  5 stars!Relaxing Ambiance. Jazzy Aesthetic. & Wine On Tap... What else does a girl need! I really wanted to get dolled up and enjoy a nice vibe. I had the opportunity to have dinner here and it lived up to all of my expectations. I booked a reservation through OpenTable. Upon arrival, our table was ready as soon as we walked in!
Our server Chris was phenomenal. Since this was our first time, he took the time to thoroughly explain the menu offerings. Also, he had great wine recommendations and allowed me to sample them but fully committing. 
For my entree, I tried the new cornflake chicken sandwich and it was delightful! I highly recommend this place for brunch with friends or date night with bae!Seated on the back patio, we had heaters to warm us up on a cold winter night... I loved it! 
Anyways, drinks: beer selection is weak, but I went into this understanding this is a winepub so no need to dock points there. Additionally, I was still able to find a great beer to satisfy me. We also ordered two carafes of wine which was top tier.
The food! Bacon wrapped dates were incredible and rich, the burrata and eggplant caponata was bright and light and paired with some fantastic bread, the LA crawfish grilled cheese was also rich and quite tasty while paired with a side of Cajun carrots that were unique, truffle fries were your run of the mill truffle fry experience, and the cornflake chicken sandwich was uhhhhh bland and not seasoned and the only bad part of our meal.
Pros: our waitress (I wish I could remember her name), the decorations, music, outdoor patio, the burrata and eggplant caponata, wine selection, the zony mash sour beer I settled on
Cons: that poor chicken sandwich
Closing notes: absolutely will be back, as I already have a list of new menu items I want to tryNot sure about Copper Vine yet.  This was my first visit and the food was ok (a solid B+).  The service was great and the atmosphere was very inviting, but the food didn't quite hit the spot.  Granted we were some of the first customers in the restaurant this morning and there were a couple of larger parties already seated for brunch.   So, I don't know.   We'll try them again for a dinner service and see.  Hopefully this was a one time situation.Ambiance was amazing, the food was delicious and I loved my wine.. however the service was HORRIBLE!! It took 20mins before anyone even came to our table. I had to flag someone down, they took our drink order then took off before we could order our food. Waited another TEN mins and I had to flag down another server to place our food order but he couldn't take it since someone else took my drink order  seriously, I shouldn't have to hear why the servers can't handle their section or be managed properly... by the time we got our food, we were the only ones on the patio so I'm not sure why they were so "swamped" and would have loved another glass or two of wine but couldn't get anyone to take our order. Get better management and training to the staff if you're gonna charge those pricesThis my first time coming and the food was great and the service was amazing. Our server and the other servers were super attentive and on top of our drinks and making sure we were good the whole time. I will definitely be back. Nice environment and great music as well.My friend and I came here after waiting to try for so long. Needless to say, the customer service is beyond poor. We sat at the bar, the young lady came and assisted us with a drink. She never came back there after. We had to ask someone else ten minutes later can we order our food. He then proceeds to respond with "we're back up and we make drinks for everyone in here but I'm here now." Okay. We ordered. Twenty minutes goes by (no food) the young lady who first assisted us comes over to us, takes a drink menu from us to assist someone else and doesn't say a thing. This was beyond unacceptable and disrespectful. No "excuse me" or anything. Mind you, she never came back for our food order either (we asked her for a food menu.) I asked for a manager at that point since it is rude to reach over someone without saying anything for one, and two, she never even acknowledged us since then. Manager came over to remedy what was left of the situation which did nothing because I was ready to completely walk out. The young lady came over (because of the manager obviously at this point) to check on us. We completely ignored her. The guy who we gave our food order to came over more frequently as well to check on us. Had we been told by either of them, "we're very busy, but we'll get to you as soon as possible," we would have completely understood. However, that was not the case. We believe this is happened to us because we are African American women and this establishment is served predominantly Caucasians. Regardless, we have NEVER been treated in such a way and will never come back or recommend anyone we know to come here. If I would be able to give this review zero stars, I would.What a great find in New Orleans on a Monday evening. We slid in under the Happy Hour expiration and my husband had three local brews at a fab price. Our food selection was all from the starter section of the menu but the entrees sounded amazing - will be back to check them out. Fig & goat cheese flat bread, truffle fries and a charcuterie board are highly recommended. Shoutout to our server Chavez for superb service and great conversation.If you're in New Orleans give this place a visit!! You won't regret it. Great food, great ambiance, all for a great price.Coppervine 
 Looking for an intimate space and a good time? @coppervinewinepub is located right on Postseason. This sleek spot is very comfortable and up to date with a beautiful, fun courtyard.
 For cocktails, I ordered the lavender sprits with Magnolia vodka, elderflower liqueur, lemon, lavender simple syrup, and Lambrusco. Simply put it was a lavender and tonic lol.
 For lunch, I started with the " Jumbo Lump Crab Deviled Eggs". They seem to have a strong mustard and pepper taste. I also ordered the "filet mignon brochette" which was cooked very nicely and accompanied with wild mushrooms. The sweet pepper whipped garlic forest glaze was the perfect pair.
 For my main course, I ordered the Wagyu burger with Brussels sprouts! Listen the burger was extremely juicy, with the perfect choice of gruyere cheese and served on a soft burger bun. I was so happy ! The brussels sprouts were cooked great and the garlic aïoli was awesome. I even put a little on my bun!
The cultured chef, Amy Mehrtens, has traveled and lives all throughout the world and the menu gives you a hint of what she has experienced. 
If dining in, beware that you may have to pay for parking and that it is on a very busy street! 
Server (Rebecca) 4/5
Food 4/5
Atmosphere 5Had dinner last night. Fantastic food, great service and the house Red Wine blend on tap is a must try!Let's wine about this place, copper vineeeeee. We took our pick and explored right off of cbd central, something I don't usually do... but hey why not! 
It was as hot as the first crawfish boil and the cement was sizzling, we did have reservations but it took the server, or hostess,  some time to configure where we were sitting. But always, mask up. 
This is def a "let's catch a drink while we're downtown" or pregame here! Or def, drink before football game kinda vibes. There's no parking, so off street it is! M there is a paid parking lot in the back if you choose to park. 
They handed us our handy dandy QR code so we can scan them into our phones and view the menu that way. Very nifty with what society is coming up with during Covid times. We got good snacks and awesome truffle fries! There's something about truffle that's makes me feel classy every time I consume it. The outside is decorated very nice, and so is the bathroom. 
I def. would like to return just to grab drinks before to make sure my liver knows it's time to function in over drive.What a cute restaurant and fresh delicious food! We sat on the balcony in the sun, even with their shades it was a bit hot, so just be aware of this. I had the Tuna Niçoise salad which was so fresh & well balanced. The restaurants has many different sections, floors and outdoor seating.  I love the blue paint and green plants that really give this place a cozy welcoming feel. Service was great too. Itll be on my list to dine again when i return to visit Nola!Started off the Birthday Boy's day with some Brunch at Cooper Vine.
First off, service was outstanding by John. He knew the menu well and gave us suggestions on what to order. We ended up getting a bunch of items and we all shared and every was delicious.
Must Haves IMO are:
Jumbo Lump Crab Deviled Eggs
Chef's Charcuterie Board with 3 meats & 3 cheese
Brussels Sprouts 
Wagyu Burger
Chicken Salad Club
Chicken Fried Duck w/Cornbread Waffle (THIS IS A MUST TRY) 
The ambiance was beautiful with an attached patio that is super cute!A wonderful concept that delivered in every way. Great atmosphere, great decor, friendly service, and creative food and drink menu. The bacon, wrapped-goat cheese stuffed dates were unique and delicious. Will definitely be going back. If you haven't been you must try!!!YUM!!! Copper vine not only has a great atmosphere, but their food and cocktails are delicious as well. We started out with apps for the table: the truffle fries (cannot recommend enough), Brussel sprouts, and the fog and goat cheese flat bread. All were so yummy! I had the crawfish grilled cheese with sautéed veggies for dinner. The best grilled cheese I've ever had!This review specifically regards the WAGYU BURGER. Besides the meat being a little softer and having "Wagyu" in the name, this is your standard burger. There is nothing special to it and it is really quite mediocre. The burger is definitely under-seasoned and lacking needed flavor. There is also no x-factor condiment/topping, and this simply adds to the mediocracy of the burger.On the menu: 
Apple Old Fashioned and White Sangria
Truffle Fries
Cornflake Fried Chicken and Waffles
Cochon de lait Cubano w/brussles 
Verdict:  Would recommend!
The attention to detail and customer service was inviting and welcoming. The atmosphere, simply gorgeous -a modern simple chic vibe. Food? Delicious. 
Ps. They do have bottomless mimosas for brunch, if that kinda thing floats your boat . 
Thanks! We will be back!Went on the Friday the 26th & it was pretty busy. I was so looking forward to finally going. We missed happy hour, which was totally fine. Now for the review, their rose sangria was literally rose poured into a glass and a fresh strawberry & a basil leaf were thrown in -- not exactly sangria folks. Then I ordered Mayor Roffignac, which is supposed to be a Maylie's signature drink -- allegedly cognac, raspberry shrub, simple syrup, & sparkling wine -- it was godawful and tasted like cough syrup. Food-wise, we ordered duck fat fries & they were great (that's what got them at least a single star) and the large cheese board. The server came out, unceremoniously dropped the board down and spun on her heels without a word of explanation of what was on it, and we looked down and there was literally a total of an ounce of three tiny slivers of cheese sitting there.  That's it!  The bill for five cocktails, fries, & cheese board was $100 including the tip.
In a town of fabulous craft cocktails everywhere you go & restaurants opening & closing on a weekly basis, their game is lame and duck fat fries can't be the only thing carrying you. Needless to say, we won't be back. Next!My friends and I came here for brunch on a Saturday (made a reservation). We sat upstairs on the outside balcony. It was absolutely beautiful, the view was nice and the balcony was very picturesque. Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and was friendly and fast. The food was outstanding and cocktails super refreshing plus there's bottomless mimosas. I got the chicken and corn waffle that was topped with gravy, it was like nothing I've ever had before and definitely recommend! We also tried the poutine, gumbo, and onion soup - nothing disappointed! During COVID, a lot of NOLA was closed or not operating to its full potential but this place was perfect and we all felt it was the highlight of our day!Great spot! I would come here with friends! Everyone is very friendly and I appreciated the staff being so helpful and checking in often on my table! The outdoor area is beautiful and everything I ate was great! Cool place!WOW this place is incredible. My mom and I went for our first dinner when visiting New Orleans, and at the end of our 5 day stay and a LOT of food, we still said this was our favorite meal. 
Great atmosphere and the walls are filled with really cool art. Also, the tap wall was really different and great- I wish I could have tried more wine!
When we went we just shared a few appetizers so that we could try more things and it was so fun! We tried the goat cheese + fig flatbread, salmon toast, and the pork belly & corn fried oysters. The oysters were soo tender and to die for.As someone who works in the service industry this totally bums me out! The veggie burger was dry and over cooked. The small charcuterie cheese only literally came with 4 pieces of cheese and was all thrown on a box with 4 slices of bread and 5 grapes! It cost $18!!! There is absolutely no reason with the amount of people that we are able to serve in the service industry right now that something this sloppy should be happening. We should be sending out perfect orders every time and making sure that people want to come back. I  I literally spent $55 and didn't eat any of it except for my four slices of cheese! Total overpriced bummer! To further add insult to injury the delivery guy brought me a hot can of soda and left my order in front of Someone else's door even though I left specific instructions on where to meet me text me when they arrived. I wish I would've spent my money somewhere else.* great place for special occasions! *
i was here recently for a friends birthday, and it's a great place to go to to celebrate! it's very nice and fancy, and the food and drinks are pretty good too. the price point is a bit high, so i personally would only go here for special occasions 
i split a charcuterie board and rose sangria with the table, and the my were both delicious! the 3 meats, 3 cheeses board was *just* enough for 6 people and had some really tasty meats and cheeses. we did have a cheddar that was super sharp, and i think that was the only cheese that didn't get fully eaten 
the rose sangria was delicious! it came with a lot of ice though - like A LOT - probably because they want to give you less alcohol... it was super good but about 65% of our pitcher was ice, which is not so good
i got the croque madam for my main dish, and it was good but the ham and sauce were both a little too salty for my taste personally. but i had a bite of my friend's wagyu burger and it was so so good! cooked super well and also very well seasoned
so imo the dishes are hit or miss, the charcuterie board was great, and the drinks are kind of a rip off but they're tasty if you're willing to pay!I thoroughly enjoyed this place. My son chose it for a dinner date to somewhere new and I was pleasantly surprised. The outdoor seating is impressive as it has the feel like you're elsewhere, not in the CBD. The food was phenomenal with the exception Rolf the French Shallot soup which was oddly thick and served at room temperature. We had a great dessert and the ambiance was lovely. Going back with friends soon.This was my first brunch dining experience since COVID & I must say I felt comfortable. The staff were wearing mask, super friendly, & they don't bring menu's they have the barcode where you can scan on phone & it brings up the menu for you! Super cool! The tables were sanitized & spaced out a good bit! 
I ordered the Crawfish grill cheese & I was not disappointed! It consist of crawfish, mustard remoulade, roasted tomatoes, & aged cheddar on sourdough bread. I just wish there was a bit more crawfish but it was super delicious. Love their fries! 
I also had the chicken & boudin gumbo & it was really good! P.S. They have bottomless mimosa's! 
Can't wait to be back to try more!Lydia and Rachel, are the shit.  This bar is instagram super beautiful but also will take care of your alcoholic taste buds. Cheers, get your ass hereI had my reservations about this place. I only went two times before this last time and I had all mixed feelings about it. My first time was amazing. My second time was not so great but I did get a cute birthday pic in the bathroom. And what is brunch without a selfie in the bathroom? Am I right people??
Anyways, I met up with a friend from out of town at this place and was super excited. Of course, I looked up the menu that morning and decided what I would get. You also have to decide what you and that person can share too (foodie tip: if the person you go to lunch with doesn't mind splitting things, then do it!) Get separate plates and go ahead and cut things down the middle. Usually their sandwiches already come cut!
We got the lump crab deviled eggs, LA crawfish grilled cheese, the goat cheese and fig flatbread, and the soup of the day. It was alot of food but so good. HIGHLY recommend the LA crawfish grilled cheese. It comes with fries that are just too good to pass up. Also, ask to sit on the patio. If you make reservations, give them a call and see if they can sit you in that area or the balcony. Cute pictures for days and all the vibes you need.Sitting on the patio is definitely the way to go. Came with my husband during Covid and sat on the porch. Atmosphere was perfect!  I had the beet salad and red drum. Absolutely amazing!
I highly recommend and would come again!In the midst of Covid-19 angst, having really good food delivered helps one to cope with the daily stress of it all. Last night I decided to try a new UberEats offering, Copper Vine. The menu via UberEats is pared down from what I see on their main website. Not sure if that's an app limitation, or just an inventory issue when I placed the order. In any case, what was offered seemed very appealing to me and my family. We ordered two of their take on the Impossible Burger, their Waygu Beef Burger, their Copper Vine Cuban sandwich, and the Baby Herbs Salad. After placing the order, my wife and I went back to the distraction of streaming TV. After probably 20 minutes or so, I got an alert from my UberEats driver that there was an issue and he would be delayed. I called the restaurant and was told that the chef wasn't happy with the presentation of one of my entrees and was remaking it. I thought to myself, "Wow, perfection during a pandemic. That's a good sign." ... and I have to say I was more than happy with the food. When it did arrive a short while later, my family was more than happy with the quality and presentation of the food. Everything was top notch and delicious. 
If you're looking for your next meal in lock down, you really should give them a try. 
Thanks, Copper Vine!This place works for anything. After work happy hour, date night, family dinner, before or after a visit to the dome, or just when you need a glass of wine. Located on Poydras there is street parking and a park mobile lot behind on Okeefe. Reservations help but are not required. They have a wonderful lush patio. Indoor seating is nice with several different setups on the first floor, as well upstairs dining, and small second floor balcony searing. They have many wines on tap and you can choose a flight (smaller pour/reduced price), half glass, full glass, etc. They also have a nice list of bottled wines. Happy hour is Monday - Friday from 3:30 - 5:30pm, $5 glasses of our Signature Red and White Blends, 1/2 off bottles of any wine on tap, and snacks starting at just $5 and as always complimentary popcorn!The food was delicious! The crawfish grilled cheese was excellent! The service was great, too! Really nice and always made sure we were satisfied. And the atmosphere is so cuteMe and my Black friends went into this establishment and we were greeted and seated immediately and then 1 minute later we were moved to a different seat because of no reason really... we were seated a total of 10 mins no waiter the moment a group of white women walked in the were seated immediately and greeted immediately and served their water immediately. MIND YOU THERE ARE 4 DAMN WAITERS STANDING AROUND HAVE A FULL CONVERSATION LOOKING AT US LIKE WERE FOREIGN. Highly upset with their service.! Please do better or at least train your ignorant employees to know black people aren't foreigners! Tf! 
But watch the moment another group of black people walk in after this review their going to act waaaay better. 
THE DAMN PLACE WAS BASICALLY EMPTY!Great service and very knowledgeable servers.  Server recommended a Seaglass Pino Noir which was excellent.  Menu seemed limited but we ordered the Margherita Flatbed for a light snack.  More than enough for two people.  Atmosphere was very laid back with both indoor and outdoor seating.  Definitely will return.This is my new brunch spot! Came here with a friend on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Had the bottomless mimosas (get it with grapefruit juice) Brussels sprouts, crawfish beignets; our main entrees were the Croque Madame and the Jumbo Lump Crab Benny. Everything tasted great. Presentation is beautiful. Service is top notch! Tiki was our server. She was so sweet and helpful. Copper Vine is a Instagram influencers' 
D R E A M! Plenty of places to take great pictures for the Gram. ESPECIALLY their gorgeous restroom.Stopped in here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious and their outdoor seating is beautiful. If you come you have to get their jumbo lump Crab meat deviled eggs!!! The gulf fish was also delicious - I really enjoyed its preparation. The staff is all very nice - my waiter recommended this cocktail and I wasn't disappointed; however they couldn't really give me a read on the menu as apparently they haven't tried much on it which was disappointing to me.A great first meal in NOLA.  I don't normally eat much French food so I relied on my server's picks and they were spot on. The restaurant has more than 30 glasses of wine on tap--I went with three half glasses: the Malbec, Zin, and Albariño were all $4-$5 each for a small pour and I'd get them again as I thought they went well with my entree, esp. the Albariñoo. Bouillabaisse was excellent--the sauce was light and buttery and was the perfect complement to the seafood. My server's rec of the buttermilk cake was perfect.
I will be in town all week for a conference and am sure I'll be back.This place was recommended to me from a group of friends that (now used to) go here. If you want to get "sold" and ripped-off, visit this place. If you walk in a few minutes to when Happy Hour ends, you won't get served until after Happy Hour is over. Then you're going to get upsold on items thinking they are provided as a courtesy to make up for not overriding the Happy Hour pricing. They got our money in the short-term, but we won't be back.This place satisfies the nostalgia for Old New Orleans cuisine and atmosphere in perfect balance with a desire for the fresh and creative flavors so many ambitious local chefs are doing now.  We shared a bottle of wine and the perfectly prepared Brussels Sprouts with garlic aioli and ordered the freshest, most flavorful and not over seasoned ratatouille and bouillabaisse as our meal.  The only thing I can think to say I would have preferred is more broth in the bouillabaisse and a bigger spoon. Located in what used to be Maylies on Poydras for nearly 100 years, Copper Vine offers great wine at reasonable prices and the service is second to none.  Grace was our server and was an absolute delight.  She was not only hospitable, charming and knowledgeable of the restaurant, food and libations but she was also very well versed in the chefs and food scene within 30 miles of the Metro NOLA area.  On your visit to Copper Vine, it is worth asking for Grace to be your server.First off the greenery in their outdoor seating area is amazing! I was with family on a trip when we drove by at 2am. I knew i would have to try them before we left. With an EXTENSIVE wine selection I with the Bordeaux and my sister the Albariño. DELICIOUS!
I found that the "sharing is caring" approach was the best way to enjoy all of our meals. We started with the truffle fries (TO DIE FOR) and the tuna tartar topped with caviar #YUM! As main course items we chose the gnocchi dish with crawfish+andouille sauce  and the ancient grain + sugarcane salad! After a weekend of indulging in fried goods Copper Vine provided a refreshing meal packed with FLAVOR!
If you're ever in NOLA give them a try! Our waiter was even kind enough to provide us with activities/things to do in the area that was rain proof... we decided to travel there with a tropical storm passing byHi to whoever is listening!!! JUSTIN & DEREK are AMAZING! We received such awesome service and the food was freaking . You have to come here!! The staff is just so friendly and welcoming & the set up is absolutely perfect. We were lucky enough to sit on the balcony during peak brunch time with a perfect view. It doesn't get any better than this!! Seriously. Forget all those restaurants at the French Quarters (except Corner Oyster Bar and their fried Oysters) and COME HERE! You will not regret!!Great service, great wine and delicious food. We went there before seeing a show at the Saenger and it was perfect! Will definitely be back!Bartender was great. Chatted us up.  Had an AMAZING cornflake chicken sando with housemate it at least locally sourced pickles, sliced okra, and onions.  Came with a smart arugula salad with fresh shaved parm.  Delightful.We made this reservation last minute and completely lucked out. The crawfish beignets are amazing and should not be missed. Our server had fantastic wine recommendations. The gulf fish amandine was really, really good. The (dessert) beignets and bananas foster were the absolute highlight of the meal. The wine selection was fantastic. The half glass option was so great so we could enjoy the perfect pairing with each course.Top notch cocktails but disappointing food other than the black truffle fries.  I had been really looking forward to this but will only go back for drinks in the future.First time going for brunch. Service was good, keep the mimosas filled. Food was good as well. However, the shareables were very small portions. I got 3 pretty small lump crab deviled eggs for $8......yeah. But the cornflake fried chicken and waffles did satisfyWe are from out of town and we had a terrible experience with the staff.  The service was terrible.   I would not recommend this place to anyone.Unfortunately, I had to give it 3/5 because of the fries and the shrimps. They were just too salty. 
The pork belly and fried oysters tasted unexpectedly pretty good together. The sweetness from the cha siu complimented the oysters. When you eat any type of seafood, there will be this fishy taste to it. Due to the bbq flavor from the cha siu, I didn't taste any fishiness from the oysters. 
The herbed mushroom pasta only came with a poached egg, so I decided to add the shrimps for some protein. Big mistake. I love salty food, but the grilled shrimps were just too way salty. The mushroom pasta itself tasted delicious. Maybe that's why I should not add any extra topping. 
The tequila mule was really good. I love cocktails that do not just straight up taste like alcohol. If they put too little alcohol, you won't be able to smell it. If they put too much, then the alcohol taste will be too overwhelming. The tequila mule was just perfect. It was sweet, strong, and ready "to kill ya". 
I will definitely come back for more drinks and to give the food menu another try.Full disclosure, I haven't tried their food, just their happy hour wines. Their patio is so cute, lots of greenery, plenty of parking outside (metered) and service is always good. The happy hour has $5 glasses of wine (red, white, rose, orange). I think they also have some small bites on happy hour.Christopher was best server I've ever had 10/10!! Amazing menu knowledge and made experience so much fun for everyone.The chicken and waffles were so tasty! I loved the rosé as well!! The outdoor seating was a plus because the aesthetic was what me and my friends were looking for.The wait can be long but the food was absolutely amazing! The steak and mushroom appetizer (forget what it's called) is sooooo delicious. Christopher was our server and he was very informative and friendly.I had such a good time today at Copper Vine. This felt like such a down home visit. The vibe inside is like a cafe with great food and our waiter, Dor, was amazing. My party really enjoyed the bottomless mimosas and the food was heavenly. Everything was timely and on point, I really really enjoyed my visit.I have been to Copper Vine many times before and there are so many things to boast about as the entire experience was to die for. I would recommend getting a reservation because every time I have been, they have been extremely busy, and especially with the cooler weather lately and their patio being so lovely, it will stay busy. They have an entire wall of draft wines which is a very interesting concept, and though I am not a huge wine fan, I can see how people would be extremely enthused. The patio is gorgeous with a lot of plants and it feels as if it is in the heart of the city with the nearby buildings and bustling street. I highly recommend getting the fig and brie cheese flatbread, the 3 cheese gnocchi, or the crab deviled eggs as the appetizer. For entree I got the Crawfish Grilled Cheese with a side of fries, and my friends got the Wagyu burger with the aragula salad. For dessert we got the Rum Bananas Foster, I believe. Overall, the experience was fun and different and our service was amazing, especially for how busy they were!I totally enjoyed my lunch at Copper Vine. Dusty was my server and he was awesome. Dusty recommended the Creole Tomato Sandwich with Grilled Chicken added. Let me say, bomb.com!Our God Daughter pick this restaurant for lunch after her graduation from Loyola this past weekend.  The five of us were blown away!  Our server John Paul (JP) added so much to the occasion.  Four of us ordered the cornbread waffle with fried duck, powered sugar, Tasso gravy and were completely blown away!  As an extensive traveler I have had many awesome dinning experiences and this one ranks among the top.  Thank you JP and Crew for making this special event one to remember.  When we are in NOLA you can be assured that we will be back.My friend and I went there for the first time today and it was AMAZING!!! From the Rose' Sangria to the Bread pudding it was excellent. Shoutout to our waiter John, we felt so connected to him and he had really great recommendations. Can't wait to come back!!!Continuing on with the culinary tour we had dinner this evening at Copper V. 
Thumbs up to the white sangria! Crawfish beignets were also a highlight. I had gnocci and enjoyed it, along with truffle fries. Generally most of the party enjoyed dinner and the space was great for a larger group (8 of us).BLUF:  I would go back in a heart beat for the food. 
I know it is a wine bar but I'm not a wine connoisseur. I got a full glass (5oz) for $12 and I think it was their cheapest. It was good but I can buy an equally satisfying full bottle for less. They had a couple beers but they were common beers for the city. My lady got a cocktail (the Smokey?) which was very interesting and very good.  
The highlight here is the food. I got the crawfish grilled cheese which was very rich and pretty good. Fries were great. Lady got the fried chicken sandwich and it was unreal. Makes Chick-fil-A/Popeyes seem like a bag of fried trash. It was awesome and huge. We also got the pork belly and oysters which was great. 
We finished with the chocolate-butter creme broulate (I can't spell) and it was awesome.  
Service was great. 
Go for the food and sneak a bottle in.Horrible service and so-so food.  The server didn't even take app plates away. We stacked our own plates and they stayed on table while we ate. And, the cocktail was horrible. Big mistake coming here.  Too many good places to eat in NOLA.  Why did I eat here? Group dinner. We made rezzies and it still took a very long time to be seated. Bottom line: skip this place.Went for lunch and sat upstairs on the balcony. The food was AMAZING, the drinks inventive and delicious, and the service was 20 out of 10.this place is so cute! i wanted to eat in the outside area with the plants but it was really windy that day so my friends and i opted for inside seating! it was kind of a small area, but it felt so spacious with the open windows and the natural sunlight everywhere! even the bathrooms were aesthetically pleasing.
i got their flatbread, and my friends and i shared the friends and brussels sprouts. it didn't seem like a lot of food but by the time our flatbreads came out, we were almost full from just sharing the brussels sprouts and fries(it was a group of four people)! everything was really good, and i enjoyed my meal! 
will definitely come again, i want to try lots of other dishes that they have on the menu!Beautiful look on the outside and inside. Lots of greenery and plants hanging outdoor! It's a very popular happy hour spot with wines on tap at the bar. Don't expect to get great seating service especially if you do not have a reservation.. there was a bit of a line and we asked about seating at the bar.. the host didn't seem to care about it so we just grabbed a drink at the bar while waiting for our table. Luckily 2 people left the bar and we were able to snag some seats. However, the bartender was nice. We came in only to grab a drink and an appetizer so we got the brussel sprouts because we saw they looked delicious while walking past a table. They were made perfectly being well cooked and soft while crispy and charred on the outside. The parm cheese and the garlic aioli topped it off. I absolutely recommended definitely getting the brussel sprouts for sure. My husband ordered a cocktail that was basically a Manhattan but it was supposed to have coconut syrup but they ran out of it which was unfortunate. Their wine list was pretty cheap but that's me speaking coming from Seattle.. $12 for a 5 oz pour of the rose. #rosealldayDillon was an amazing waiter, I ordered the Gumbo and the deviled eggs, I'm still
Confused as to why I was served 3 deviled eggs. My count can't be that off?! I'm missing an egg. Two eggs cut in half is four deviled eggs. My gumbo lacked rice!!!? 1/3 slice of of boudin link that's crumbling does not Substitue rice at all. Add it!Wow! I did not expect to like, let alone love Copper Vine. I was a bit skeptical when I heard that it was wine on tap and thought that it would be like WINO, downtown. Cooper Vine is super chill and has a restaurant vibe to it, because it is a restaurant. I went for a work event and we had a private space upstairs. We ended doing a 4 wine flight where our servers brought unmarked bottles to the tables and we had to guess which wine we were consuming. 
Half glasses start off at $4-$5 and most bottles range from $36-$54 with wines from the east coast to the west coast and your usual South American, European , and South African wines. 
What I did not expect was to love the food. It was sooo good. We started off with french fries, deviled eggs and Brussels sprouts, which was absolutely divine. The Brussels are fried then baked and served with grated Parmesan. They were sooo good that you did not need the sauce that accompanied the sprouts. We also had a few different flatbreads which were all delicious! My favorite was the pulled pork flatbread with caramelized onions. 
The staff all seemed to really enjoy their job and were super helpful and friendly. My group definitely wanted to come back again for brunch, but rest assured the brunch menu will be available within the next couple of weeks and they will be available for brunch on both Saturdays and Sundays. 
In addition, the bathrooms were clean and I appreciate them providing paper towels instead of a hand dryer.In the midst of the pandemic, my wife and I have been supporting as many of the restaurants as is possible for us. So far, we've ordered take out twice from Copper Vine.
The first time, we ordered their jumbo lump crab deviled eggs, steak frites, and shrimp and grits. Our second order included their fantastic deviled eggs, Wagyu beef burger, their Cuban sandwich, and a couple of draft beers consumed while we waited for the food to be prepared.
Both orders were promptly and exactly prepared, nicely packaged, and delicious. They also included 20% off on food, and 50% on beer.
We shall return!I was very disappointed in this place. Dylan was our waiter about an hour ago and he seemed fairly pleasant but not very attentive or understanding. While some of the food was decent, a lot wasn't and the service was pretty abysmal. 
We weren't told bottles of wine would come in an already open reusable bottle from a tap. I would think that there would have been a spiel like "have you dined with us before? No? Well just to let you guys know all of our wine is on tap and not from a bottle...  blah blah blah"
We ordered wine and apps and got the apps before the wine. We were 100% done with all our appetizers before our server came back to take our main order. We tried to tell Dylan the red wine was un drinkable while he was taking our main orders and he said he would come around when it was our sides turn to order, but then practically ran away without giving us time to bring it up again. When we told him a second time and he seemed snarky. We all ended up ordering soup for our mains because we had such a long time after completing our apps we weren't really hungry anymore. Good for us (because we would have over ordered) bad for him (because his ppa went down and way less of a tip.) When our mains came two of us were splitting the poutine (cochon au lait debris fries) and while the plate was scorching the food inside was luke warm at best. We would have brought it up but he never asked if the food was good. He was MIA the rest of the meal (not that he was very present to begin with.) Or even friendly when he was present. Oh and eventually our other wine came but that took forever too. It was also very hard for us to get gross dirty plates taken away from the table. The French shallot(onion) soup had decent flavor but it was a tiny little dollop of cheese (not your normal smother in cheese and then baked French onion soup) floating on a Very chewy stale piece of bread that I couldn't cut at all.  Three cheese gnocchi was good. Although pretty watery and he didn't bring a spoon until I flagged him down about 10 minutes later. Over all not a fan. There are Many better places in town.My wife and I just moved to the city after many years of visiting and this is the first time we experienced this pub. 33+ wines on draft, a very nice space with beautiful decor. Patio to die for, great food and friendly staff. This is now in my top 3! You must go try it.As bad as I want to give this place 3 stars, I added an extra because of its potential and me being willing to give it another try. 
Came to Copper Vine for Sunday brunch. Love the ambiance here and the patio area! My expectations were high as I've greatly anticipated dining here for quite some time. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, took his time to explain things, and made quality recommendations. For an appetizer, I had the filet mignon brochette as the waiter suggested; it was fantastic! It definitely set the bar. While waiting for our entrees (yes, my friend and I both ordered 2 entrees, don't judge), we occupied our time indulging in the bottomless mimosas which were also great. 
Entrees: I had the chicken and waffles as well as the crawfish and andouille gnocchi. The chicken was really good and paired well with the gravy that came with it. However, I was greatly underwhelmed by the waffle. It was super thin and crispy, almost like a wafer. I prefer thicker, more fluffy waffles. I ate the chicken and played over the waffle for those reasons. As for the gnocchi, I was not impressed at all. It was disappointing for me. My friend also got the chicken and waffles in addition to the Apple fritter French toast which said was phenomenal. 
Next time, I'll have a better feel for what to get!Nice variety of wines at very reasonable prices and the bartenders very knowledgeable and assisted me in making some great selections.  Quite busy but the service was on top of it.  Cool classic old school building in cbd - easy walk from fq.The food and service were excellent! They had tempura mushrooms that I will dream about and the fig and goat cheese flatbread was outstanding! I asked for the lightest rose they had, which was the Angeline and it was excellent. We also had the Brussels sprouts and fries, which were amazing as well. I don't have anything bad to say! Our server, Justin, was very informative and so much fun! I can't wait to go back and I will definitely ask for him again. If you are wondering, definitely go and try it out and ask for Justin!Trash. Just came here Christmas Eve for lunch, the hostess turned us away saying no more guests were allowed; they were booked. There were sooooooo many empty tables my bf & I just looked around  thinking "really"?!! I wouldn't recommend. Idk when certain New Orleans' restaurants became so pretentious & bougie but I won't be visiting Copper Vine ever again. Customer service has been lacking in our society today & this place definitely confirmed that.Ordered a Zin and fig and goat cheese pizza. Very tasty. My daughter had the burger. She liked it. I enjoyed her chips and garlic sauce that came with her burger. I could not stop eating them. In better weather I would like to sit outside. The outdoor seating looks very pretty and relaxing.My team and I were trying to find a nice spot for lunch in for our last night in New Orleans. The ambiance was spectacular I enjoyed the apricot mock tail which is also in the photo. Really enjoyed the food would definitely go back if I am ever back in town!
Also had the gnocchi au gratin and brussel sprouts, no photos but definitely also recommendedI went here for the first time a couple weeks ago! I loved it so much that I would definitely go again! I had an amazing server who actually took her time to explain her favorite wines on the menu and why! Everyone was spread out safely too! The food was really good also!Copper vine is a beautiful wine bar in the CBD. I have been there countless times for happy hour--where bottles of wine are half off and have thoroughly enjoyed the duck fat fries. They also have a beautiful patio with greenery that is great to sit under and Instagram worthy. 
I hadn't gone to copper vine for any meals until my fiancé order brunch for us during Mother's Day weekend (i just became a dog mom) Just wow. It came with pain perdu,chocolate ganache,cane syrup, sweet cream, strawberries, blueberries, oranges, bacon and candies pecans. It was honestly to die for!! We had so much left over for the next day as well. Run to copper vine and order a great brunch to-go!Copper Vine is a modern vibe Downtown. New Orleans is beaming through the traditional French Quarter French Doors, however, the dining room and courtyard add flavor. Service was great, as expected. I ate once before at the bar before but have returned with my fiancée. We came during Coolinary month and Copper Vine's selection didn't disappoint. We shared the appetizer and dessert. This isn't a traditional New Orleans cuisine, but you can certainly taste the influences. Flavors are a bit more light and fresh rather than spicy and in your face. The chicken and boudin gumbo appetizer was not mom's gumbo, but pretty good. Paige got the Wagyu burger while I got the Gulf Fish Bouillabaisse. Both great. The Strawberries & Cream Bread Pudding was GREAT. I'm pretty sure it was garnished with champgne strawberries. Those were a dope touch. While a little pricy, it's a nice change of pace when you feel like being downtown but out of the noise.Great new restaurant in New Orleans. This place has an awesome atmosphere and great employees. Our server John was very attentive, helpful, and friendly. The food was also delicious. We will be back!What a cute spot! We came here for wine tasting before dinner reservations but will be back to try the food because the ambiance was awesome and so was the service.My family went to Coopervine Restaurant for lunch on Christmas Day.  We were seated by the door as a party of four.  We ordered our food and my daughter, who sat in the chair closest to the door had placed her new purse on her chair back. While we were sitting down my daughter went to look for her purse and it was missing. We immediately checked to see the location of her I phone and it was going down Rampart Avenue. We informed the restaurant we needed to leave in an attempt to recover the purse and her new I -Phone but we had to wait to pay the check. Our food would be packaged to go.  We were unable to Lacaze the phone since the phone was turned off and we returned to the restaurant to file a police report.  The restaurant has a camera and we were informed that the on duty manager didn't have access to the camera and we would have to wait until Monday. As of today we have not received a copy of the tape nor has the restaurant called us. So I contacted the restaurant and spoke with Derick who is the on duty manager. He informed me he was unaware of the incident and would inform his GM to contact me.  It's amazing the restaurant no only failed to communicate to staff to avoid future occupancies, but they totally dispelled the incident. Clear message that customers are not valued but if you are a victim of a crime on their premises, they are unwilling to assist you.Copper Vine is not taking the necessary precautions for Covid! I called to reserve an outdoor table for 4 and was told they would be able to fulfill my request. Fast forward to the next day...I arrived and lo and behold there wasn't an outdoor table available. I didn't want to inconvenience the others in my party, so we agreed to sit inside. At first, there appeared to be adequate social distancing. BUT no one inside was wearing a mask or required to wear one while not eating. About 30 minutes later, the place was well over 100% capacity. There were way too many people in there and no one was masked, except me and another at my table. Most of the staff had on masks, except one guy who stood by our table for a loooooong time talking to another employee. I was really uncomfortable. 
Now on to the food. I ordered the Cuban sandwich. It was big! The pork was delicious but the ham could have been better in my opinion. Overall, I'd give the sandwich a 3.5. I upgraded my fries to the truffle fries. They were good but I feel I only got enough to go with one half of my sandwich. My friend had the ancient grain and sugarcane salad, add oysters. It looked delicious and she said it was!
We decided to pay using the QR code on the receipt. After submitting payment, we realized we didn't have the option to tip. Upon looking at my email receipt, I noticed that Copper Vine took it upon themselves to add a tip at the rate of their choice. I did not like that and it should have been communicated to us ahead of time. 
Will I return to Copper Vine? Probably not! This was the first restaurant I chose to eat in since Covid started and I feel they failed tremendously from a safety perspective.Went to Copper Vine tonight, my first night in New Orleans at the recommendation of a friend. Our server John was super personable and helpful finding me a great glass of wine.
We ordered duck fat fries, and a few flatbreads to snack on. Everything was delicious and was served quickly. Hope to come back sooner than later.Great service! My server was perfect. I had the chicken sandwich but with a twist it had puckered okra on it which really made it stand out! It was also filling I couldn't even finish My salad! Over all 10/10 and heads up the bathroom is gender neutralStopped in to Copper Vine on a whim our first night visiting NOLA and was incredibly happily surprised! Everything was absolutely perfect! Drinks were on-point, all food was fresh and delicious, service was excellent! We will absolutely be visiting again while we're here this week and would highly recommend to anyone visiting NOLA!Fantastic service and great food. I was very impressed by this place. Ordered the Impossible Burger and Brussels spouts. Even tho I've had the Impossible Burger before? This was by far the best. Served with grilled onions and seasoned well. No way a meat eater could tell the difference. The sprouts were so yummy. And the wine was top notch. Definitely recommend!I reserved a table for a Saturday night dinner for a bachelorette group. When I made the reservation I asked about vegan options because I didn't see anything on the menu. The person who took the reservation assured me there were vegan menu items so I assumed the menu online was outdated or didn't have all items listed.
When we arrived at the restaurant, I was disappointed that our vaccine cards weren't checked- there was no request for anything like that. We waited for a few minutes in a lounge area near the bathroom before being seated, and were seated pretty quickly after that. We placed drink orders and then a lot of time went by while we waited to order appetizers. I eventually had to get up to ask someone if we could place an appetizer order. 
When ordering dinner, I asked about the vegan options. The only menu item that is vegan as-is was a bowl of olives. Our server said there were no vegan options. I asked her if she could check with the kitchen because the person that took the reservation was very reassuring about vegan items. She came back and said they could do a vegetable plate with "what we have in house." When I asked, she said it was carrots and green beans. I asked if there were possibly grains or beans in addition to the veggies? Nope. Just two veggies apparently. I let her know how disappointed I was she was defensive and not apologetic or kind about it at all. I would have expected more from a restaurant that has a chef in-house, especially when it was not busy in the restaurant, and because I had called ahead. 
I ended up getting a salad without bacon and cheese (of course it is the same price without those ingredients - hello vegan tax!) and having some fries left over from our appetizers. It reminded me of the early 2000s when fries and a side salad were the only meat-free items I could order at most restaurants. 
The best part of my meal (aside from spending time with my friends!) was two wonderful glasses of wine. The food and especially the service was so underwhelming. I have previously really enjoyed sitting outside on the patio with my wine, but I just don't think I'll be back after this.This place is definitely good!! The aesthetic and vibe here are on-point. Bar is super cool, drinks are good, happy hour is cheap. We got a bunch of apps and some happy hour wine and it was good. However- service is definitely subpar. This place has the venue and menu to earn a 5-star rating, but the bartender and servers and short, a bit sassy, and not very helpful! 
Bottom line: almost everything is great- except the $20 cheese/meat board. We received *literally* two pieces of cheese. I asked about it and the bartender awkwardly pawned me off to another employee who didn't know what to say, so they just named the meats and cheeses placed on the board to add in some filler words. They give you a small portion of meat and legit two slices of cheese and then throw on a bunch of random leftovers from the kitchen. They definitely make a big profit from these cheapo boards- beware!Amazing food , amazing ambiance, and amazing service! Our server John did a great job and made our experience that much better.Perfect environment/ atmosphere!!!! Very quaint & a relaxed atmosphere!!!! Be sure to ask for J P on your visit... very informative & very well knowledgeable of the menu items/selection! They even offer complimentary popcorn w/ 4 different seasonings!!!! The Shrimp Grits WILL NOT DISAPPOINT!!!!Love love love this place on a beautiful sunny day! The atmosphere is everything! Whether you're sitting on the patio or on the balcony you'll have a great view! I've come here for brunch, lunch, random times just for drinks and I'm never disappointed! This is always somewhere I recommend when people ask me where they should go to grab a bite when it's nice weather outside. Copper vine is a staple for the city!Amazing service and great food! We had Angela as our server, and she was fantastic and gave great recommendations. Will be back for sure!The Mothers Day Brunch was simply fantastic!!  I enjoyed the Bottomless Mimosas, which I highly recommend!  It's served with champagne in a glass w/orange juice on the side so you can mix your own perfect blend.  My appetizer and entree of choice were the Jumbo Lump Crab Deviled Eggs & Almond Crusted Gulf Fish.  The eggs were light, seasoned well, and the perfect amount.  The fish was light, flaky, well seasoned, and so delicious!  The greens (underneath) and cream sauce, garnished w/caviar, and roasted almonds all created bursts of flavor!  The ambiance was warm & inviting.  Our server was attentive and accommodating to special requests.  I recommend this restaurant for special occasions or just because!Charming ambiance and tasty apps! We caught up with friends on their cute patio, which conveniently had heaters to mitigate the cold. We ordered the crawfish beignets and truffle fries, and both dishes were solid. Wine selection was very strong. Wait staff was charming and gracious.This was my favorite stop in New Orleans and we ate about 5 different places. It was within walking distance to our hotel. The flatbread pizzas was great. My chicken salad was fantastic, I had a bite of the burger and that was great too. My daughter said the cornbread waffle was outstanding. The cocktail I had was great.  The outdoor seating looked fun.  I would highly recommend this place if your outside of the French Quarter.Great place . We sat outside and it was delicious. Derrick was our server and was so helpful and friendly. Gumbo and French onion soup are second to none in the city which is saying a lot. Will be backBest time ever! Stephen was our waiter he is the best guy ever. everyone was so kind and helpful. The food was AMAZING. the music was AMAZING. the ambiance was AMAZING. brussels sprouts were AMAZING. beautiful place everyone should experience this. Thank you cooper vine for your amazing service SHOUTOUT TO STEPHEN!This is a very, very welcome addition to the CBD. 
I've been here three times, and I've grown to like it more and more with each visit.
The wine options are very solid. I appreciate the fact that they are not so numerous as to be overbearing: I typically don't like being presented with a long list of wines that doesn't seem particularly curated. For each wine type, they have 1-3 options at different price points. Another great selling point is that you can try each wine in different sizes; in other words, you don't have to fully commit to any one wine if you want to be more experimental.
The food offerings are delicious. I've gotten a few flatbreads and have never been disappointed. The duck fat fries are mouthwatering. For entrées, I've only gotten the bouillabaisse, but it exceeded my expectations. 
The food can seem a little pricey, but it is honestly on par with the area. Additionally, the wines are reasonably priced and there is a good happy hour special.  
The atmosphere is sleek, clean, and trendy; the outside patio is a must in better-weather months.