It's a good bar.  They have a great jukebox and always have the local games on tv.  The bar tenders are really knowledgeable and offer a wide arrange of drinks.  The food is nice as well and not too expensive.Came here a few times, looking for a late night place in the French Qtr, like around 1am.  Being on CA time (2 hour difference) you tend to get hungry late at night. Most places open in the area have just fast food and burgers, so fortunately Copper Monkey has a decent looking gastro pub menu which hits the spot. 
Service is pretty much what you'd expect.  It isn't a classy restaurant, so don't bring a first date here.  The food is surprisingly good at 2am though.  Not just the same french fries and nachos.  We had the gumbo, shrimp po boy, crawfish hushpuppies, jambalaya, and fried shrimp. We went about 3 times, so this wasn't all in one sitting. It was all good and I'd definitely go back after hours.  They also have a good selection of beer.  Located close to Canal and Bourbon.Great staff and bartender. They made my wife a custom drink she knew the ingredients to. She was quite pleased. Had some simple bar food that was as good as it could be. Bartender was great to talk to as were the patrons and other random guests. Great place to end a night of partying.Awesome local spot!  Such friendly staff and amazing food.  Make sure to get the crab bites and gumbo.  So delish!  Also one of the only bars that carries rajun canjun beer on tap.  Great experience!Came early in the night.
Super nice bartenders who took the time to talk to use thoroughly about absinthe. First try of the stuff here, real tasty
Jukebox was an electronic one which we had an iPhone app for allowing us to select songs. Pretty small place but super chill in the early evening.It's true that almost any food tastes better when you're hungover. Regardless, I'd say our first visit to the Monkey was very impressive.  It's a small, comfy, clean bar with a little bit of a divey feel.  Decent beer selection including several Lazy Magnolias on tap.  Wasn't in the mood for absinthe, but impressed with their selection of those too.  
Mrs. Pickles had the fried oyster poboy. Not huge, but very tasty. Mr. Pickles (who was the real hungover one) had the ribeye quesadilla. I believe the the words I used when I saw the cook on our way out rhymed with "ducking blossom, man".Let me start off this review by saying that Megan is our favorite bartender in New Orleans!!!  Super knowledgeable and friendly!  We didn't have any food but the atmosphere was great, drinks were on the money, and again, bartender was excellent!!!  Thanks Megan!!!Bartender was rude. Kept hitting skip on the TouchTunes box when people were paying for songs. Overall a terrible experience for a bad bourbon street bar. Would never spend any money here againOne word- Monkey Buns....just get it- OMG!!! Hot beignet right out the fryer, stuffed with banana  and a decadent  caramel sauce, covered in powdered sugar - it is pure heaven! So happy we ended up deciding to go for it. Although  piping hot, we just couldn't stop eating them-yes, they're that good....just get itFood is great but the woman bartender with dark hair, looks emo-ish, is always rude. Never picks up the phone to do orders. Makes an excuse every time I see her as to why she can't take an order. Or on the very rare occasion she does pick up the phone, she still can't take an order. 
Food is amazing which is why I'm disappointed that the stuff never has it together. The kitchen does, though.Went here last night to try out these Monkey Buns. 
I'm not sure why anyone was intimidated to go in here; it seems pretty normal. It's actually really well-lit and not crowded. The only thing that's off-putting (as a female) is that me and the bartender were the only ones. But, she totally didn't care and got on with the customers as if she didn't even notice, which put me at ease. 
In about 10 minutes these things came out and for some unexplainable reason, the beignet packaging isn't hot but GOOD LORD THOSE BANANAS ARE PIPING! Sadly, they didn't live up to my expectations. I LOVE the idea of banana stuffed beignets but  I was expecting to see actual mushy bananas in there, not some brown unidentified goop.
Either way, the bartender was sweet and the place seemed fine. If I'm ever in the mood for round two, I'll go back.Great burgers...1/2 lb of beef severed on a great bun. Plenty of Shrimp on the Po Boy. Great and friendly bar tender, Zoe. A definite stop for drinks and food.Must try the monkey buns!! Beignets filled with banana and chocolate powered with sugar.This place was great! We stopped in here on a Tuesday night! Not busy at all but we had stellar service! The drink was amazing (came in a fish bowl) and our food was amazing! They have such a wide variety from New Orleans cuisine to your all American food. I had the Caesar wrap... Yum! Warm and perfect. The cook brings your food out and is such a sweetheart! My boyfriend had the club wrap and his was great too! We love our food and will definitely be back to try the gumbo and jambalaya which looked irresistible! Definitely try this place!So I just rolled into town, not knowing anyone. Next thing you know, I was overseved, but no fault of their own (or mine), the hospitality was next to none! Be sure to ask for John!No better place to get a cheeseburger at 5am in the French Quarter! Staff is friendly and maintains a great sense of humor despite the late night Bourbon Street crowd. It seemed to attract lots of local service personnel as well, so that was an excellent sign. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in the Quarter!Good food, slow service. Bar tender was great when we arrived and got drinks right away, but ordered food and after 30 minutes waiting had to ask and they hadn't even started it yet. Food was good once we got it though, so may be just an off night for them.Went on St Patty's night and the only bartender was trying to take food and drink orders (including window customers).  Felt bad for the guy but he had  great attitude.  Laid back bar/grill with a good selection of food and drinks.  Stuffed mushrooms are huge and worth the wait. We had hamburgers and both were cooked correctly. Food did take awhile to get and we ended up going to bar and ordering drinks after first round but again that was no fault of bartender.Great little treasure in New Orleans. Try the Shrimp Creole cup - you won't regret it! Service, food, and drinks are great - make sure to stop here when you're in town.I attempted to order for from the bartender who told me his name was Zack. He was EXTREMELY RUDE for absolutely no reason. I cancelled my order solely because of himGood spot for a drink. Pass on the food.....at least the po boy and gumbo.I cannot say enough about this place! If I could give it more stars I would. When looking at it, this looks like a typical New Orleans French Quarter bar. But then I ordered the Hurricane. THE BEST HURRICANE EVER! Be careful because they are lethal. After two, you might start flirting with the nice lamp post down the street. Make sure to ask them to make it by hand. The premade ones are not as good. The bar staff is wonderful and the clientelle is laid back and very good. I have not had the food there and you need to order at the bar. But it is a great place to while away an hour or two. I would highly recommend it!Best monkey buns ever! True to a monkey bun, they'll leave you wanting more. The owners here are so nice. A must stop on your way down bourbon.Zach is the best bartender ever. He has the best beard and he deals with you regardless of your state. Also your food can be given to you at 2am. The bar is not ADA accessible and the food is basic greasy drunk food which will get you to where you want to be. Water is free and Zach will talk to you the entire time. The ambiance is nice with Christmas lights and good service. Good place to rest your head on the wall while you've drunken too much. You have locals who give you background noise with super hipster vibes. Food is good.Yeah it's a dive bar that's open til the sun comes up, but my wife and I had a great chilled-out lunch here with delicious food and perfect service. Zoë was wonderful and the food came out hot and fast.I'm seeing a trend with the reviews of the Copper Monkey- it seems everyone just "Stumbles into" this place...and that's exactly what we did...Mardi Gras night 2006...needed food while we waited for midnight to watch the police some down Boubon...walked down Conti, peeked in, saw an empty table and headed in. We ordered a bunch of food, including the nachos and some drinks. The nachos are really really good. Or else we have been really really hungry every time we have been here! It's become a tradition to hit the Copper Monkey late night every trip since  for some nachos. The bar staff is friendly, and the service is pretty quick. 
It's a bar. It's clean and there are a few tvs. There is a back patio room, but we have never sat back there. My husband and I watched one of the Saints play off games here in January and had a great time with a bar full of Saints fans!  We had the burgers and they were really good. 
Of special note is the wings. We are from NEPA where we have so many bars that have really good Buffalo style chicken wings. We have searched high and lo in NOLA to find some decent wings. (as we plan to move there, we can't live without wings!). Our search has been unsuccessful as every place that makes wings down there breads them! Wings are not breaded! Well, we were happy to find that the Copper Monkey does them right! They were nice sized, crispy and drenched in wing sauce!  
I hate to even do a review on the Copper Monkey as it seems to be a nice little French Quarter secret. We've always been lucky to get a table and have brought friends here several times. It's a hidden gem.....Great little place off the beaten path in the french quarter. Big fan of the chicken ceasar wrap and the amazing monkey bun. Good drinks at good prices. Cozy comfortable place with good ppl.We came here for lunch on our last day in town, and the food was awesome.  Blackened shrimp po'boy, club sandwich, and crawfish etouffee; generous portions, served hot and perfectly seasoned. My only issue was that the bartender was kind of obnoxious. Imagine Hannah from "Girls" but way, way louder. (I'm mere inches from you hon, you don't need to shout in my face). That being said, I'd definitely go back again.On our first night in New Orleans, my friends and I went to checkout Bourbon Street like everyone else that goes to New Orleans. It was early on a Thursday evening and we were getting hungry. We saw a restaurant on the corner and there was a huge line. We were like, "screw that" and instead walked into the Copper Monkey right next door. We were all very surprised that they had amazingly delicious food and local beers! We didn't have to wait long for our orders to come out. It was a great place to chill and escape the madness! Definitely recommend stopping by here!Fantastic little bar and best Absinthe drink I've ever had! They make it the traditional way with the sugar cube and everything...definitely worth the drink. ;)The poboy was seriously on point. I've been trying poboys all over and this place does it justice. It's for sure a hole in the wall but I will most definitely be back!This bar is located a bit off Bourbon Street so it's not as crowded or rowdy. I came here because it was one of the last bars still open late at night with food. We split an order of nachos which were huge, but delicious. The bartender was nice and attentive. The atmosphere was snug and cozy compared to the crowd on Bourbon Street.Their burger is easily as good as Yo Mama's and more consistently made correctly. I like the shrimp creole here too. Bartenders are attentive. The vibe is touristy but not overly so. The banana stuffed beignets magically cure hangovers. They have a wide variety of absinthe and a dripper setting them apart from most area dive bars.Went here with my boyfriend to grab a bite to eat. 
Loved the enviroment. Food was great. Average bar prices from what I have noticed. The burgers are excellent!We went to this place on recommendation from some of the local staff working on Bourbon St. It's just off Bourbon St, so you can step away from the madness and get right back when you are done snacking. It's open pretty late too, when a lot of other nearby kitchens are closed. 
The food was okay, nothing great. My wife tried the Shrimp Etouffee and she was kind of disappointed. It may have been just the one time, but she and a couple of other fellow guests found it too salty. My burger was decent, not too bad or too great. Just your average bar burger. 
The real kicker was when we tried the monkey buns, it was SO UNBELIEVABLY GOOD. It totally made up for our average food experience up until that point.The wife and I came here on a whim.  The food was incredible!  The Whitney special is amazing.  I had the red beans and rice and the jambalaya.  I loved them both.  Bartender/server was super nice.  He checked on us 4 or 5 times and chatted with us.  He told us they deliver locally.  Give this place a try.Spectacular. I'm sad to say the first time I walked by it on my way to the tourist trap next door. I wish I had more than one meal here. Jambalaya, Étouffée and beignets... There's a lot of love pouring from the kitchen. Wash it all down with a drink of Absinthe from the lovely bartender. 
Don't be shy, it's a small place, with fabulous kitchen.Irish bar tender is Awesome!!!! The peanut butter burger MUST have!!! And the money bun are to die for!! Definitely a MUST go when visiting NOLA!!!Peanut butter hamburger was great!  Monkey buns make my taste buds happy.  Some of the friendliest service I've had in New Orleans.When I order a cheeseburger at a restaurant, I usually eat half of it and save the other half for later.  This was not the case for the Copper Monkey, because I ate most of it! Order the BBQ burger with cheddar and tator tots as a side!Good food, slow service. Bar tender was great when we arrived and hot drinks right away, but ordered food and after 30 minutes waiting asked about it and they hadn't even started it yet. Food was good once we got it though, so may be just an off night for them.This is a pretty solid little spot to grab something to eat whether it be lunch or something late night. They've got a ribeye there for $20ish that I've ordered at 3am and at lunch and it's better than a lot of places that call themselves a steakhouse. Reasonable priced drinks and friendly service make the copper monkey a great place to hang out or just grab a quick bite.This is our favorite New Orleans bar...and we went to a few! Megan the day bartender is amazing.  It's a tough bar to tend and she did an excellent job with excellent service, great communication and a smile. For me the smile was a bonus! the IPA on tap was fresh and good, the gumbo was the beat we had... Reginald was cool preping and serving. For us these kind of place are all about service and this was the best....but be cool, understand where you are and RELAX...you will enjoy this place!Delicious food with great customer service. It's a bar that serves restaurant quality food and amazing taste. Oyster Po'boy, shimp Creole, Crawfish Etouffee and Gumbo are a must try!Don't be fooled! It looks like a dive, and, it is...but, the food is stellar! The andouille sausage is the best I've ever had, and, I like the sausage ;) 
The Whitney, which is a drunk's heaven, was truly deelish! The gumbo is hands down, fabulous. Red beans and rice very good. The beans were just the perfect consistency. Service, got-dang spot ON! Trust me, you will NOT be disappointed!Great please to grab drinks and or grab a bite to snack on. The bartenders are great and drinks are the best! I have been going to this place for over 8-10 years. Love it!Happened upon The Copper Monkey after long days of drinking. V was our bartender and The Whitney Special was our salvation......So that we could continue on with the drinking of course super awesome place to relax and then get back to it  .The service and hospitality is phenomenal!  The bar tender is from France.  The best drinks and food in the quarter!  Plrase visit this venue!I'm sorry, why do you even have a Touch Tunes jukebox if you are going to turn it off as soon as I've played a song? Rude!Literally, the BEST shrimp creole I've ever had! My husband and I have toured all around New Orleans and have eaten pretty much everywhere. From 'high end' to not so 'high end' and this place has THE BEST shrimp creole!! We've been there 3 times....in our 4 day vacation stay in New Orleans. We love it! Highly recommend it!Nice little dive bar. Food was a total surprise. I got the bleu cheese burger with bacon. Was good. Friend got a salad that looked really good and fresh. What stole the show was the monkey buns, which were beignets with banana foster filing. They were awesome!!We were staying a hotel on Conti Street and looking for a good bar that wasn't on Bourbon Street.  All we had to do was walk out the front door turn right walk 10 steps and turn right into the Copper Monkey.  The staff is glad to see you and will make any drink you ask for even if it is a Bloody Mary at 2am. We ended every night there and started to feel like a local by the third night.  The food is great and perfect at the start of your day or the end of you evening.  Stop in for one and you will stay for many.  Enjoy the music, drinks and food.Jeepers! Great bar open all night with exceptional grub. The whitney mashed potatoes and monkey bums (beignes with banana) are to die for.
One of the best around town.Great service and great gumbo! We didn't see any pics of gumbo, so we were hesitant to order it. The bartender recommended it and the shrimp creole in the New Orleans section, and the gumbo did not disappoint! Loaded with smoked sausage, chicken and okra = YUM! Also enjoying the classic rock jukebox.Food is fantastic and prices are fair. We got a shrimp po boy, the copper wrap and the mash potatoe bowl app and they were all delicious and came out fast and hot. The only detractor to this place is the bartender, who you have to order threw and couldn't be bothered to deal with me for about 10-15 mins because she was talking to friends. I get it if it's busy, but she literally kept looking at me and I then back to her friends despite me obviously seeking her attention. Then when she did start my order she walked away twice, seemed to struggle with the computer and then eventually just pseudo passed me off to the doorman to give my order. 
All in all, good food, not dirty, and can serve as a quiet reprieve from the craziness of Bourbon but that bartender...Just off Bourbon.  Copper monkey is a great place to jump off and grab a snack and a drink. Great burgers, and the shrimp etoufe is off the chain! Order at the bar and enjoy this quaint frendly hole in the wall!They do make some pretty amazing bar food and it would the best bar food in town if they actually came out before an hour.
We flew into New Orleans so late that by the time we checked it to our hotel, it was already 10 pm. So we decided to find some food and this place had pretty good review and they were one of the fews that still had food. We sat in the bar and order drinks and food. The drinks came out quickly but the food (3 items) took more than an hour and half to come out. After a long day of traveling and being hungry, it wasn't a pleasant experience waiting for such a long time for food. The bartender apologized and gave the excuse that they were doing shift change. However, we only got that news after 30 minutes in of waiting. Also when we first sat down, another table actually asked about their food as well.
Maybe it is the shift change or it could be that I keep seeing the cook walking outside to talk on the phone several time.Great service and decent eats. The crab cake bites were scrumptous as was the remulade that came with them. If you enjoy a good burger, the blue cheese one is the way to go. So much blue cheese topping on the burger, it looked like cottage cheese! Delicious, but very messy. It was definitely a 3 napkin burger! The shrimp po-boy was average, and the tots we ordered with both sandwiches were a tad over-salted. The bartender / server was attentive.Some friends and I were trying to find a place one night and stumbled into Copper Monkey. We were so hungry we were willing to eat anything, even though we heard warnings of eating at dive bars in NO. They are the exemption. Food was awesome, Atmosphere was awesome, the pretty bartender was awesome. After the Erin Rose, this is my 2nd favorite bar in NO.We stumbled in here purely by accident.  We were glad we did.
The atmosphere was cozy; the lights tastefully dim.  The bartender, Lorna, was busy, but still found time to be cordial and conversational.  
My Po' Boy was pretty dog-gone tasty.  I did not expect this from "bar food."  We also ordered a club, which seems like a ridiculous thing to do at a bar, but it, too, was fresh and delicious.  
Our drinks were refreshing and "generous", if you nomsayin'.   
All-in-all, a very good experience!Total lifesaver! We were out for Halloween fun when I started realizing I was pretty hungry. Being the good Yelper that I am, I had done my research ahead of time and bookmarked some quick and cheap food spots where we could grab a bite to eat.
We found ourselves at Copper Monkey fairly early, all things considered- 6:30. We sat at the bar and looked over the menu. I knew what I wanted immediately- the Copper club wrap with pasta salad sounded divine. Don't you just love a place that offers more than just fries on the side? The wrap came packed with ham, turkey, swiss cheese, cheddar cheese, bacon, avocado and mayo. WOW. They were super generous and I was more than happy with the serving size. The pasta salad was delicious as well and had tomato and artichoke in it. Artichoke is one of my faves, so I was really happy. For $11.50, this meal was not only a deal, but it hit the spot as well. My boyfriend got the burger and he raved about how good it was, so that's worth trying if you are in the mood for meat.
Copper Monkey is definitely worth checking out if you are in the area and want a quick bite to eat. They serve more than typical bar food and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming.GREAT food for a drunken fix! 
Love ZACHARY- he's the bar tender that served my bachelorette party! He was super kind, polite, and attentive. Thanks for a great experience. 
recommend the GUMBO! They serve it with okra which was so Delish!The service was horrible. The bartender ignored me and my friends and served people that came in after us until we flagged her down. She then condescendingly took our IDs and ignored us some more. The food was pretty gross, I guess they're used to super drunk people eating the food so they don't try too hard. They didn't give us silverware for the food, and when we asked the bartender rolled her eyes once again. My friend ordered gumbo and didn't get a spoon... But she was too scared to ask for one after our bartender was so rude the first couple times, so she just attempted to eat it with a fork. Honestly, there are so many better places in NOLA to eat, skip this place and go elsewhere!Always a staple stop while in Nola. Everything I have ever tried at this grill had been excellent.  Great staff.. Always recommend.Super good! We were only in New Orleans for three days and this was the first place we tried and the best place we tried on almost the whole trip! Food so good we ended up here a second time. Also nice way to beat the heat and the crowds without having to walk too far.So we stopped in for a break from the heat and to grab a quick bite to eat. We grabbed a pub table for 4 across from the bar. We had to go up to the bar to make our order. I had the oyster po boy and it was very good. The oysters were not too chewy and the food came out hot. I also tried a cup of gumbo and it tasted great. The food came out quick and they had a large selection of local beers. Prices weren't too bad eitherHad delicious etouffee. Loved the atmosphere. Friendly service. Wonderful place for a quick, but not too quick lunch.So, the bartender was sweet, the fried stuffed mushrooms were really good, the baby roach on the bar was not good.  I know most places have them but not babies crawling on the bar.  If they get the roach problem under control, this is a 4 star bar with great pub food.Best burger in NOLA!  This is a cute swanky little bar just off Bourbon!  Loved every minute we spent there!Had dinner here because it got great Yelp reviews. We are not seafood lovers and this place had enough alternatives for us. Another couple was just getting up to leave and gave us their seats at the bar. They recommended and RAVED about the amazing spaghetti and meatball dinner special. After I heard that I REALLY wanted spaghetti but hubby had his heart set on nachos. They were so good! Cheesy and loaded with toppings with large chips for scooping. Definitely enough for two. The bartender was very friendly with a big, pretty smile and she took great care of us. We also got the banana beignets (Monkey Buns) and they were AH-MAZING. Only drawback for us was the very loud hard rock music, but hey we are old and it IS a dive-y bar in the French Quarter so I get it. Beer on tap selection small but good variety.Amazing! The service was really good. It's a very small place, and you would think that the place wouldn't have good food. However, it's amazing. You get a lot of food for a great price. Next time I am in New Orleans, I fully plan to go here again.great bartenders and cooks! I work in the french quarter and come to the copper monkey after work and order a veggie quesadilla no mushroom and it's my favorite!I am not giving 4 stars because it was late and they were willing to cook me food.  I will warn you this is a local flavor joint and ....not Disney.  Nobody is going to polish your bottom here.  It's a pub and like most pubs I have been in around the world, it is for grown ups who can fend a bit for themselves.  I loved the food.  The door dude was fun and friendly the bartenders were polite and helpful, but it wasn't the girlfriend experience some folks seem to want.  There was a VERY loud drunk woman who occasionally yelled at the TV and anything else that she fancied, and everyone was cool with it.  It was Mardi Gras and 1:00 am and they were working their butts off.  Creative local menu with some fun oddities.  If there was any low seating it would be 5 stars, I am short.  A real Gem, make a point of stopping in for some real local charm.Great dive bar! Have been 2 days in a row and Vee was bartending; she not only makes great drinks and is totally personable, she gave us the low-down on where to go... and where to avoid. Great little place to chill and the food is good too!We went in for beignets and "monkey buns" after dinner and I have to say the beignets were every bit as good if not better than Cafe Du Monde. I had never had a monkey bun which is a beignet with bananas foster inside. They were also delicious. We will definitely go back next time we are in town. And Lorna the bartender took great care of us.Good food late. I think I ate around 2am. Got a sampler of Jambalaya  (good), gumbo (ok), but the red beans were great! Also the Abita root beer was delicious. Seemed like a spot for Bartenders and food industry ppl to close out the night.Stopped in for a burger on a Tuesday night, not too crowded. Great burger, thick and cooked to order. Everything on it was fresh. The pasta salad instead of fries was absolutely awesome. Had pasta, fresh cut tomatoes AND artichoke hearts!!!
Reasonable price and good service. Will go back for sure, they had Lima beans & smothered sausage for special, but didn't notice till after I ordered the burger.Bartender, Lorna, has a major attitude that needs to be adjusted. I ordered two beers and paid my bill and then when I walked away and left my tip she said out loud in a sarcastic way "gee thanks". Look here sweetheart, you opened my beer...not make me a cocktail or performed open heart surgery. The fact that I gave you something you should be grateful and not a stubborn worker. Will not come back at all!Good drinks, tasty apps, awesome bartender.  We had a great time here after stopping in on a whim.  The bartender was friendly, helpful, and kept his cool while managing a busy bar.  If this place were home, I'd be a regular.One of my favorite places to go have a drink and not be bothered by tourists...
The bartenders are great and the food is definitely great, especially if you've been drinking. 
My one complaint is this: the kitchen guys do not wear gloves or hairnets. I saw one of them using a mop and then stuck his bare hand in a bag of fries, then drop them in the oil. Thank goodness I didn't eat any fries that night...Headed in around 2 am for my first peanut butter burger ever. Man, was it good, and so were the fries (regular, not sweet potato). Really great staff too. Happy food coma!Best food we have had in New Orleans. First night we avoided it because very few people in small dive bar. However, the next day we picked up a grilled shrimp po boy and a blackened catfish po boy, both with tater tots. Fantastic! Spicy remelaude was fabulous. Yum. They deliver!This is a nice local bar with a simple but good menu for casual dining.
We had the crab cake appetizer which was tasty. The garden salad was ok.
My wife and I had Po Boy sandwiches. She had the fried catfish and I had the grilled shrimp. We both thought the food was great and service efficient and friendly. We would return!
Was this review helpful?We stumbled upon this bar one evening when we and friends were visiting NOLA.  It is what I would consider more appealing than any of the bars on Bourbon Street, etc. and I noticed quite a few locals in the place.  
The food is wonderful.  We had the jambalaya, shrimp and grits, scampi, crab cake appetizers and a few others.  The food is clearly prepared with love and is authentic.  The chef came out to check on us twice and even gave my friend a few recipes.  The bar tender was attentive and friendly.  Originally from Ireland, she's been a transplant for at least a decade and great to talk with.  We were so thankful that we  passed by all the touristy bars with the frozen pizza and daiquiris and chose the Copper Monkey!Visited 1/5 and it's really more of a 3.5 star.
After walking out on the ridiculous menu at Bombay (see that review if it's not deleted by yelp), I read the menus at Oceana and I was watching the take out orders leaving the CM.  Well, this sparked my interest as I figured few people would order take out from a crappy place.
Yes, it's divey, but I jumped in a got a pretty good shrimp po'boy w/ a craft beer for under $19 before tip.  I would have hoped for a little more of what looked like a remoulade, but it was a little heavy w/ a horseradish sauce.  Still, quite good.  Definitely worth the trip for a quick/reasonable meal.I love this place OMG great beer selections! The copper burgers and naked wings were awesome! Great dive bar in New Orleans hands down!!! I will go back and suggest to you anyone who is staying in New Orleans!Was in NOLA for a work conference for several days. I ate at several restaurants but always seemed to get a late night craving. Ended up grabbing late night food here three times! 
Burgers-AMAZING
Tots-AMAZING
Poppers-AMAZING
I would recommend this place for late night, grab and go!A late night spot with great food and a great atnosphere.  I got the ultimate nachos and will never think of nachos the same way. The bartender at the time was Natacha. She seemed so nice and ready to take care of me. If given the chance i recommend asking for her if she is workingThis place was a great find! I landed there at a terrible time, but; they were great none the less. I say that because a waitress was changing shifts and a guy (who was off but apparently working the night at another local bar) confirmed that he couldn't come in since they could use the help. Basically- it was a bit slow getting my food because they had an unexpected rush.
I was only in town a few days and had the one meal at Copper Monkey. A group of locals walked in while I was sitting there and I overheard them talking about how they always go to the Copper Monkey. I had a nice spot near the door so I could catch interesting characters walking by periodically.
I will say that I tried their beignets and they were heavier than others. I'd stick to their other food and grab some beignets elsewhere.Cool little place to grab a drink and some food in the french quarter.  Not so amazing that you'll be dying to go back, but solid options and friendly service.  You can't go wrong with this place.Stopped in for a late drink and snack.  On first impression, it's a sort of dive bar which is just my scene. Our group of 5 was able to sit snuggled around a high top. Drinks were reasonably priced. They didn't have a waitress when we came in so we had to order at the bar, which sort of a pain but The bartender and kitchen staff were nice. I had a catfish po'boy with tater tots. Both were good. Who doesn't love tater tots!  We also had the mozzarella sticks which were good. Overall I liked this place.Great spot right of Bourbon Street. Very friendly and welcoming staff. It was nice to be able to sit at the bar and have some good bar food for a decent price! The cup of gumbo was great! Great 90s punk music! Defiantly a hidden Gem and stumper stoked to find this spot.Great place to go to get out of the madness of Bourbon Street,  but close enough so you can get right back into it.  Great food,  prepared the way you expect it.  The grilled cheese is just like mom used to make,  no gruyere on artisan bread made with cold pressed,  cilantro infused olive oil.  The burger is generous and they get the concept that medium doesn't mean cooked to the consistency of modeling clay.  They also have local dishes like jambalaya,  crawfish etoufee and beignets with banana filling.  The staff is very friendly,  especially Mary and Meaghan (hope I spelled that right) and after an hour you'll feel like you've been going there for years.  Drink prices are reasonable for the Quarter and they've got a better selection than most bars,  including things like Chartreuse,  Fernet Branch,  and several varieties of absinthe.  A Touch Tunes jukebox lets you play your favorites right from your seat. Stop in here once and it'll become a tradition for all of your future visits to New Orleans.They have food and booze. The bartender was very patient with my group of drunken disorderly folks. She recommended some great dishes and we enjoyed ourselves as only drunkards can. Beyond that I don't remember much.Six of us came in on our first day in New Orleans; it was raining and we were hopping from one place to the next.  We just sat at the bar and had a few drinks.  I liked the vibe of the place and it had a cute outdoor patio area out back, which was unusable due to the rain.  The waitress was personable and offered up some suggestions of places to go in the area.  Pop in for a drink if you're in the area!Came here because we sat down at another place down main strip to get some green fairies. They didnt even look at us or notice us. That place was twice as much for two drinks. This place was half price. I quickly yelped it and foudn them a block away. Just off main street. Either way. The bar tender was friendly and talked to us. But the whole show on for the absinthe. Food was cheap. There were other also who were ordering food. 
Place was actualy cleaner than a couple of the other bars we walked into as well.Went for lunch, had a burger and met a client who always ate there.  It was ok.  It's a bar that sells food.  It's not like you gotta go because of this unique item, but was ok.  During the day kinda slow.  I could imagine it would be better at night.I just tried to call to get an order delivered they answered said to "probably call back in an hour" and then he hung up on me. I can not believe how terribly I was treated. Terrible place DONT EVER GO TO THIS PLACE!Awesome food. Fresh and big portions. Nice drinks in a comfy pub atmosphere. Loved it. Crab cake bites were perfect. Chicken strips were juicy.Ate at 1230 am on a Friday night. Wife had a fried shrimp po boy -4 stars. I had a blackened shrimp poboy  with 5 small shrimp -4 stars taste,1 star content. Ordered monkey dessert,took it home,no banana filling! 6.50 is too much for 4 little dough balls with sugar.What can I say about the Copper Monkey Grill? It is a loud, kind of old-style dive bar and grill. They have a decent but not a great selection of liquors. And, it is crowded without really enough staff to keep up. I suppose if we sat at the bar and not at a table it may have been different.
We ordered drinks and food from the bartender. It arrived pretty quickly. My son and I both had Oyster Po-Boys and my wife had a salad. How was the Po-Boy? It was not the best I've had but far from the worst. I like crusty bread on Po-Boys, but here the bread is pretty soft. The oysters were breaded but did not have much taste. Well, nothing a little hot sauce can't fix.
I did particularly like the tater tots they served with the sandwich. My son had their sweet potato fries and also raved about them.
In my opinion, they were generous with their pours. But, what do I know?I didn't expect this place to be so great! 
It's a small bar with amazing food & excellent service! The bartender was incredibly kind & helpful. I wasn't expecting the food to be so great, we kinda just stumbled in after walking for a while. I ordered their blackened shrimp poboy--- it was DELICIOUS. It was drizzled in Remoulade sauce  the sweet potato fries were crispy & savory! Definitely recommend!Small place but it's a great find for a quick bite to eat and drink. Feels like a local bar from home. Bartender is mad coolGood food, slow service. Bar tender was great when we arrived and hot drinks right away, but ordered food and after 30 minutes waiting asked about it and they hadn't even started it yet. Food was good once we got it though, so may be just an off night for them.If it's grub you're after, get the peanut butter burger. Very satisfying. Come to hang out--it'll take a while to get your food, but the patio in the back is cozy (the first floor of the bar, on the other hand, is pretty cramped).Really good, substantial food for not much money.
In the French Quarter, it's quite an accomplishment.
I had chicken strips and fries (I'm boring), which were hot and perfectly cooked and spiced.  The man had the best nachos I've ever had in the Quarter...they use the good, "cheap" cheese sauce, but then layer it with a salsa-y sauce, sour cream, lettuce, tomato, and jalapenos...very trashy-delicious.  
Drinks are strooong, which of course allots to them an extra star.
A good place to stop when your wallet can't take the hit.Love this place. Food is excellent, drinks are fab. But most importantly, the bartenders are awesome, hilarious and nice.  It's a place that you go there once and after that, they know you.  Thank you for a great time! Until next timeFood was good for a bar near bourbon street! We had jambalaya, gumbo, and a shrimp po'boy. 
They were not very busy and the bartender seemed to be doing everything. He was very kind and wonderful the entire meal.
Great spot to grab a bite and it's a bit more quiet than all the bars on bourbon. They also received a lot of orders from other workers from around the neighborhood that were on break.We went here to grab a quick bite before a tour we scheduled. Probably the best hot wings I've ever had! Crab cake bites were amazing too but a little pricy at over $1 each. It's like bar food but actually really good!Line for other restaurants in area was ridiculous. Stopped here for a drink. Great vibe, great drinks! We ended up eating dinner....had burgers and sandwiches and they were DELICIOUS!!!The food was really good. Bartender was busy but attentive. She handled the group of people around the bar with ease letting people know in what order she would get to you. The food came quickly despite the reviews as our group had catfish poboys and jambalaya. I would definitely return.Went here after seeing the great reviews. When you walk in, don't be scared.... just give it a whirl. We both got a poboy (from the recommendation from the bartender), mine with blackened catfish and his was fried shrimp. Both were absolutely awesome! The service was good and beer was cold!One of my favorite bars in the quarter. It's away from all of the fuss of Bourbon and it's a great local watering hole. They do have food here but I've never partaken in the eating festivities. The bartenders here can be chatty and chill, two combos that work for whichever mood you're in. The frequenters of this establishment are great and this dive bar is the perfect place to strike up conversation and drink. I always make it a point to stop here whenever I'm in the quarter. Seriously perfect spot for day drinking!Great place to get away from the craziness, yet close enough to get right back into it.  Affordable drinks and nice atmosphere.The Whitney's Special was nothing short of manna from heaven after a night on Bourbon Street. Drunk food perfection! My husband and I shared a small order along with a bowl of gumbo. Atmosphere and service were great. Will definitely return.They make totally amazing hurricanes and the little "crab bites' are simply YUMMY!  The burgers are super fresh and you can get it cooked the way YOU want it!  No overdone meat here!  I ran by for a second helping of this place before my plane left!  Can you say GO CUP?
Sip on by!  This is going to stay on my every time I get to NOLA list!It was a late night, we were starving, but I'm not gonna lie - the bartender rocked and the food was solid. Chicken fingers and fries for me, a peanut butter burger for the husband with sweet potato fries. The burger was amazing! I'm not certain the peanut butter was necessary, but my husband thought it was delicious. For late night munchies in NOLA I'd give it two thumbs up!Good food and service if a bit slow due to one person behind the bar, and one cook in a kitchen about the same size behind the bar with all the people trying to get serviced. :) Anyway, it was Mardi Gras so no worries.hung here for a couple nights watching the sports game while I was in town.....great location for people watching....solid drinks...affordable.....and fantastic bar food.....the whitney special is insane...and the monkey buns are food crack.Our first stop while in New Orleans.  It was late Thursday night/early Friday morning.  Drinks were great, food was unexpectedly fabulous.  The bartender was entertaining and friendly.  Definitely not touristy.  Loved it!Great place for a casual meal and a few drinks. After a few days on Bourbon Street and a lot of the same type of seafood and oysters, we were glad to find Copper Monkey Grill for some traditional comfort bar food. We had wings, fries, and some gumbo and it was hot, fresh and fast, and the service was great.First night in town this was near our hotel. Very welcoming. We got iced teas, red beans and rice, gumbo, salad. Excellent and very surprised since we were in a bar! Portion sizes were great, not too big. Nice vibe.Ok it stays open late sooooooo that might be why 4 stars... Because people are drunk, it's late, and it's food. Well, I just had a late night meal and I was starving but it was very bland.
First off the service is terrible... You have to order from the bar and the bar tender is a class a douchebag! I'm serious, multiple people were calling at him at once and he lost his shit and yelled at the entire bar to just shut up.... Hahaha!
Ok now to the food...menu looked good so I asked what was the best between red beans and rice, gumbo, or crawfish étouffée. The bartender said any because all were home made, which was complete bullshit. I went with the crawfish étouffée which I typically love... It was a bland bowl of crawfish tails. The crawfish tails were good but no seasoning at all in their supposed "homemade roux base" 
This place lives off its late night hours... The food sucks and the bartender is a douchebag
Never again, pass and just wait until breakfast!My friends and I had dinner at Copper Monkey based on a suggestion by a bartender. It's a small bar & grill with some good Cajun cuisine options. I ordered a grilled shrimp po-boy with sweet potato fries. There was plenty of shrimp and the po-boy was nicely moist. I found the bread to be a little hard and chewy but that's just me. It's a decent place for a quick dinner but nothing spectacular.Our first night in New Orleans and we wanted to grab a quick bite. This spot is not too far off of Bourbon Street the area is dark not too many street lights kind of a warehouse district feel but hey we still had a good meal. The bouncer checks your ID and you order at the bar. We ordered crab balls catfish po boy and beignets. All of the food was good and seasoned well. I don't drink sodas often but this root beer was pretty good.This is the place the locals go for a hurricane as opposed to the other "touristy" traps.   If you want to do it right, try their red beans and rice.Good place to go if you're a hot guy who wants to flirt with a bartender. HORRIBLE place to go if you're a normal human being looking to be treated as such and get served some food. The waitress didn't write anything down so surprisingly enough when our arrived ONE HOUR later, it was incorrect. She was behind the bar by that time (a busboy brought out our food) and it was impossible to get her attention away from all the guys hitting on her. When she finally did decide to give us the time of day again, she told us it would be another HOUR if we wanted our food remade, or she could just cancel our bill altogether. Made no apology, offered no compensation for HER mistake in the first place, and then immediately went back to serving drinks. NOT a way to treat paying customers at all. I guess since we weren't shoving $20s in her face every five minutes our money didn't matter enough to her. Not only that, but the food was mediocre at best
This was my first experience in New Orleans and if the Copper Monkey is what it represents, then I've had more than my fill of the city.Good atmosphere. Food wasn't great. I'd stay away from the crawfish poppers. Very grainy tasting and had a bad texture. Cold beer and stiff drinks.Great food, great atmosphere! Right off of bourbon st! Highly recommend coming here for a chill, relaxed, low key dinner!Didn't eat there, so I can't review the food. But we did stop there for drinks, and enjoyed the friendly, dive bar atmosphere.The Oyster Po Boy was delicious! It may not look like much, but it was surprising great!Don't let appearances fool you.  This is a decent bar with good food although, like others have said, don't order if you're in a rush.
This place is usually less hectic than Bourbon street (even though its only a half a block off of it) but it can still get crowded and then it's a tight fit.  If you get a spot at the bar, hold on to it.Had a lunch and late night dinner here. The sweet potato fries were the absolute best. We went back three times just to snack on those. Also had a wrap and club sandwich, both which were great as well. Cute little bar,  great service, perfect location from our hotel room.If you're reading this GO GET FOOD HERE YOUR SEARCH FOR FOOD IS OVER. This place is actually so awesome. My friends and I landed late and wanted to get a quick bite before going out, we stumbled on it and it wasn't too busy so we gave it a try. AMAZING first impression of Nola food! A little unexpected cause it was so low key, you just order at the bar and grab a table. We ate at many places throughout the trip but this was by far my favorite with out a doubt. Don't let the long lines of other places make you think they're better because they ain't haha.My favorite dive bar in New Orleans!!  I stumbled on this place several years ago when Oceania refused to seat me because I was alone.  So, I went next door and had good food at a reasonable price!  The blackened shrimp po'boy is particularly delicious and costs under $15! Copper Monkey also has an interesting selection of local beer.  Add to all that, a very friendly staff and you can't go wrong.  I always return when in NOLA!  I am just glad my guy liked his red beans and rice and sausage po'boy!!I had a Chicken Ceaser wrap with sweet potato fries-very good! Took long for our Spinach Artichoke dip to come out, but not too bad. The bartender was nice, very welcoming. My boyfriend had a seafood gumbo which he liked a lot!
We also had the MONKEY BUNS!! TOOOO Good...this was our first time trying the Beignettes, so we had nothing to compare them to, but they were AMAZING. We also got Beignettes at Cafe Du Monte a couple days later and they were a lot more dense than the ones at Copper Monkey. I dont know which one was more "authentic" I really don't see how you could really mess them up....I definately prefer the ones here because they are light and fluffy. WAYYYYYY too much powdered sugar, but i am pretty sure thats how they are supposed to be....I dusted it off, and it was even better!
yum yum!I've been to copper monkey several times and it seems that's it's been going downhill the post few times. I was there last night and my bartender, Marisa, seemed more concerned with smoking than providing a good customer experience. She made my Long Island incorrectly and rolled her eyes when I asked her to correct it and told her that it does not in fact include bourbon. Our food came out wrong and when I got the bill and asked why the Long Island was $11, she said it had always been that way and other bartenders must have been giving me a break. All in all a horrible experience. I'm a bartender and I would never treat a customer that way.Stumbled into this place -right off Bourbon Street--quiet bar serving food !!! Best Red Beans & Rice and Jambalaya!!!!   Cold beer tasted great on this hot day !!My family of 5 was looking for a good local and affordable dinner option in the Quarter on our last night in New Orleans. This place was suggested in a search on Trip Advisor. Our initial call revealed we couldn't bring our kids who are under 21. Looking on the website, we noticed that "deliveries are free inside the French Quarter". We called to place our order, and the very impatient and slightly rude girl who answered the phone couldn't wait 30 seconds for me to find the address to our hotel. When I called back, the same, now even more rude girl, told me they only deliver within a 2 block radius. Our hotel is 4 blocks away. When I told her the website said they would deliver anywhere in the French Quarter, she said, again rudely and with a "you're wasting my time" tone, "Yeah, that website hasn't been updated in a long time, but you can come pick it up." If not for the tone and rudeness, I probably would have gone to pick it up. Instead we spent our $100+ at NOLA Po Boys (which had friendly people and great food)! I suggest the owner of Copper Monkey reassess who answers the phone (and update the website).My fav place to eat in the quarter.  The bartenders are personable.   I went back twice so I could try more menu items. Local beer on tap plus many more local bottles too.   This is one block off bourbon, open late, and offers wonderful late night snacks.  Go where the locals go!Kinda stumbled on this little place just off Bourbon St. for lunch one day while in New Orleans.  You get a menu from the bartender and place your order with him/her but the food comes out fairly quickly. Very small place, but what I had was really good and everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked really good.  I had a grilled chicken wrap and fries and it was delicious.  Will definitely visit the Copper Monkey next time I'm in NOLA.Walk 1/2 block off of Bourbon Street for a much better experience and better prices! A big bowl of homemade red beans and rice with andouille sausage and toasted Leidenheimer bread was only $11.75, and the Canebrake on tap was $5.50. At least 5 TVs were playing sports, and the service was very friendly. 
We were too full to eat the Monkey Buns dessert, but it sounds awesome- beignets stuffed with bananas foster filling. We left Bayou Burger because it was so hectic, and are really happy we found this place!
They are open late - so go anytime. They close 3-5 hours per day for cleaning. Very impressed with staff! Probably one of the few places you can get food this good at all hours of the night.
The Shrimp and Grits on the menu looked great- probably worth a trip back to try that.I came here at 2:30am looking for late night bar food. I had the hot wings, fries, and 4 monkey beignets. Surprisingly they were all quite tasty and reasonably priced (under $15 after tax). CC is accepted for checks over $10.I stayed at the Prince Conti, which is just down the street, and needed a quick bite to eat since it was Halloween and the Saints played the Steelers and it was busy as heck in New Orleans. The bartender was SO unattentive, it was ridiculous!  Yes the place is a dive, but the burger was pretty good. She didn't ask me if I wanted cheese, and totally ignored me until the burger got there.  She also got the orders of people who came in after me their orders before mine!  I sure hope she doesn't represent what New Orleans is all about!I have never read something more disgusting on a menu than a "peanut butter burger".
I ordered it because the bartender highly recommended it and because of peer pressure.
It's amazing. Get it. As a burger addict this blew my mind!It's good, however, they take forever and a day! I honestly felt like i could've gone back to the kitchen and peeled and fried my own patatoes! And probably killed my own chicken and taken off the feathers.... that's how long!Nice place. A little rough around the edges but pretty decent. Good menu selection. The crayfish e'touffe is amazing.We love it here. It's kind of a dive but the waitresses are so nice and the food is great. They even remembered us from a visit the year before. The portions are HUGE. We were so full from lunch that we never ate dinner. I had the Oyster Po Boy - with tater tots - and my husband had the Catfish Po Boy. Both were so yummy. I liked the red beans and rice but it was a little spicy for me. (I'm a wimp). The gumbo my husband had was fantastic and not too spicy. The bloody mary was great too. Don't let this place get too popular or it will ruin the vibe. Enjoy it on the down low.Came here for a late(r) night Jambalaya and cocktail
This place is a little grimy, but still has some charm. They also carry about 10 different Absinthe(s). The menu is extensive and has all of the favorites of NOLA.
We had eaten dinner about 2 hours before, but we were craving some Jambalaya. The Jambalaya here is rich and tasty, not too spicy just perfectly satisfying.
The bartender was really friendly and helpful even though his shift was about to end. There were smokers and although the doors were opened, it can get a little smoky here.
I'm sure all of the other food is good too, check it out if you are stuck for a place to eat.The Cooper Monkey has a fun and friendly atmosphere without the frills that some of the extravagant bars offer in the French Quarter. This bar focuses a good drinks and craft beers.Definitely didn't see an extensive menu... To call this a grill is pushing it. If you want an off the beaten path bar.. It would be great. They really should not be serving food.Absolutely the best hamburger in town. Had the Bleu cheese burger and couldn't finish my plate. Fries were  excellent alsoAnother great bar in NOLA!  The place sort of called me in.  The place is a little divey which is what I like. The bartender was super nice and cool.  Thanks, S.C.!On a Sunday night at 10:30pm, a couple friends and I were hungry and couldn't find a nice place to eat that was also open. We got a recommendation from someone for this place and went in. The blackened shrimp poboy was delicious! The sauce on it was very tasty and I highly recommend. We were also served very quickly and the bartender was very kind.Its a dive bar, but its pretty chill. Beer prices are good. Their crawfish bites are really really good tho.Crawfish etouffee!!! Please please get this while you're there. It is delicious. My husband and I ordered that and a shrimp po boy, we split the two almost with a lot of tasty beers. The location is off of Bourbon St, so it's not as loud and crowded. The bar tender was super nice and was involved with the customers in the bar.We went here late because we wanted a beignet and it was about the only place open to get one.  It's just off Bourbon Street, which is not really our scene.  The place is small but was full.  We waited at the bar while they made the beignet and the bartender was great.  A lot of people were eating in the place and the bartender was doing it all and doing a great job.Great atmosphere low key and the bartenders are fun.... The grilled chicken Caesar wrap is great !!!!!I visit this place every tome I go to New Orleans. You order at the bar but service is quick. I have had all the classics here....po' boys, crawfish, etouffee, jambalaya and have never been disappointed. The bartenders are friendly, food is fast, drinks are cold, and the atmosphere is casual. The perfect place to pop in off of Bourbon Street.Hole in the wall, but really good bar food & drinks were also good! We had the absinthe to drink and they were delish. If you are staying a Hotel Le Marais its right next door which was great for us that night since it was pouring rain!Went here the first time this past weekend with a huge group of people. Lorna our bartender was very welcoming. We asked her what she recommended for a bite to eat and it was delish! Try the peanut butter burger...AMAZING! She also made a great hurricane...a must go bar and grill!What do you do after a night of booze and burlesque when you find yourself on Bourbon at 3am in the morning and so hungry you would eat the leftovers from one of the Lucky Dog vendors? Ask a local where you can get something a little safer to eat. We were directed to the Copper Monkey! Walking into this place, I knew they had misunderstood us. We wanted to "eat up" not get "beat up". Seriously, this looked like the last place you would find something to eat and thats why it pays to ask!  If you look at most of my reviews, you will see that I go into some detail about the actual food.....however, I can't remember exactly what we had! I do remember some very tasty chicken strips ( I think) and a yummy quesadilla. I wouldnt hesitate to fall into this place again after visiting the Opera House, Rick's or Irving Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse at the Royal Sonesta.This place is the best. The bartenders are so nice and their etouffle (sp?) is INCREDIBLE. Get the crawfish it can't be beat. Cheap drinks too I cannot recommend this place more.Great menu, staff, food and experience. 
After a night of bar hopping we came here for some late night eats. It was delicious and the people were very friendly. We ordered the peanut butter burger (really good!), the nachos and an order of jalapeño poppers. The food was nicely prepared and thoughtful. We would totally eat here sober too!!Really good food in a relaxed bar atmosphere.  Best etouffee that we had on our entire trip!!  We also really loved their shrimp Po boy. And their monkey buns are a MUST!  We went to the Copper Monkey Grill 3 times on our trip. It was just that good!!Our bar tender V was on top of it last night. The food was amazing too and a nice cozy courtyard to eat in. 5 stars all the way around for this hidden gem in the city. We plan to visit again soon.We came here because we had 2 separate unsuccessful attempts to have a Peanut Butter Burger at Yo Mamma's, horrible service!!  Locals told us to try the Copper Monkey, they had a peanut butter burger that was to die for!  We were so glad we did.  The burger was amazing! I know it sounds weird but so worth the try!  The bartender was fantastic and friendly.  Excellent service! Can't wait to go back.Happened upon this place looking for some lunch off of Bourbon Street.  What a great discovery!  Great service, the bartender was extremely helpful and friendly.  We tried the crab cake bites which were to die for (we even came back for two more orders the next day.)  I had the Whitney Special (mashed potatoes covered in cheese, bacon, sliced chicken strips and sour cream) which was perfect hangover food.  Yummy!  We even tried the local Saison beer they had on tap and it was by far the best beer I had my whole trip.  Which I could get it back home in Arizona.  And of course I had to try some Absinthe given their huge selection, and it was better than expected.We had a large group of 21ppl celebrating our friends 40th bday staying right next door at Hotel Le Marais and originally discovered this place when looking for somewhere to watch a basketball game (with sound) on our last day. However, this gem became our home base for our entire trip. We're a rowdy group and when we were all in there, we pretty much consumed the whole place. Staff was ALWAYS kind and patient lol. Food was really good (while not our first place for meals, we discovered with all our drinking we ate more than one lunch/dinner lol) Lorna is a great drink maker and is super funny. Thanks for putting up with us!Stop here if you want to experience some of the best food in New Orleans!! We actually ended up eating here three times during our stay. The bartender, Zoe, is AWESOME!! Must tries: peanut butter burger and the crab bites. The Whitney is also good, but make sure you get a burger here because they aren't playing aroundThe food is great and this weekend was really busy so food was about a 45 minute wait but worth it. The bartender, Vick, was great and did his best. Overall great place to eat and drink.Best burger in the French Quarter! It was really flavorful and came with seasoned fries. Good price too. Hubby got the fried shrimp po boy which he said it was some of the best shrimp he's had. Would definitely recommend for their low prices and great food!First time at this bar and it was great. The food really is amazing for a hole in the wall and the bartender was a lot of fun - didn't get his name tho. The group of Peruvians(?) in town for the Saints game added a lot to the atmosphere. Would definitely recommend for a great meal and friendly-most-of-out-of-town patrons.The crawfish étouffée is delicious! I ate a cup almost everyday during my week long trip. Additionally the drinks were reasonably priced. I almost exclusively drink Ketel One vodka and my cocktails at the Copper Monkey were cheaper here than almost every other bar I patronized. All of the bartenders, especially Zoe, were extremely friendly. The only negatives were the ribeye I had was over-seasoned and overcooked. I also wasn't a huge fan of the gumbo. All the other food I ate was extremely tasty and always hot when delivered. You can tell everything is made to order.Food was very good but took forever to come out. Waited 30 minutes and had to ask have out wrapped up. Wouldn't be so bad,  but I was in my lunch break and the bartender didn't let me know the status of my food and was oblivious to the fact that it had been a long wait. Prog a cool bar at night to and the bartender was working alone during a lunch rush.We stopped in on a Tuesday night. Ordered the stuffed mushrooms,  bowl of gumbo, and an oyster poboy.  The mushrooms were a little bland and were most tasted like a frozen store bought product.   The poboy was ok not great and the gumbo was ok also.  Would have probably been better if we were drunk but it was early.  Ok bar food!!!A hidden gem on conti st. Natasha is very nice and accommodating. Very friendly atmosphere. Food was exceptional. If you like a cheers type bar this one is for you.Food is good, burgers yum, sandwiches yum. Small little bar, pretty good service. Cheap.After a recommendation from a friend, we tried this bar with a limited menu as a place to hit up for a late lunch. We wanted authentic New Orleans cuisine and I think that we did a pretty good job in finding it. I got the Catfish Po' Boy and my partner got the Jambalaya and everything was on POINT! Our bartender was Polish and every other bartender there seems to be of a different ethnicity. It was cool but at the same time it was a little difficult to understand the whole 'flow' of the joint. Regardless, the food was good and almost all of their beers are imported. Oh, and I forgot to add, this is one of about 6 bars in the French Quarter that serves ABSINTHE. That's right, from anywhere from $12-$24 a pop, you can get sleazy off of the legendary 'hallucinogenic' alcohol. We passed...for now, but this is a pretty cool place to check out to escape from the craziness of the Quarter! Cheers!The lady behind the bar was pretty awful. No hint of a smile or giving a shit at all. Although I have found in New Orleans that smiles are apparently only for special occasions. Or maybe it's just too hot to use those muscles?
Anyway, I had the BBQ burger with their 'special BBQ sauce'. It came out of a generic supermarket bottle, not even trying to be a gourmet version, let alone made in-house which I had foolishly assumed. 
It was a basic burger, the redeeming feature was the sweet potato fries, yum! Like another reviewer said, I wasn't given cutlery either so it was all hands in.Great bartenders! Adam and Vic made us feel right at home and safe, great jokes and great drinks. Will definitely be back on the next trip!Great staff and the best Jambalaya we have had yet in NOLA! We have been struggling to find food that is really good. I had the wings and my husband had the Whitney and a Jambalaya. It was so good we ordered one to go. A must visit place in the city.My wife and I were just looking for some food after rolling in from Memphis. ThCopper Monkey was about 2 blocks from the hotel and looked interesting. It looked like just what we were looking for; relatively inexpensive, cold beer and some NOLA tastes. We ordered the shrimp and grits but the cook came out and said he didn't want to serve the grits he had and it would take awhile. He recommended the Scampi Conti Shrimp (it was the same 10 bucks) so we deferred to his judgment. WOW!! We were so glad we did. That scampi may have been the best I have ever had. The shrimp was fresh and tender, the linguini cooked perfectly and the sauce was outstanding. The seasoning in the creamy sauce was just the right blend or savory and just a small bit of heat.
The bartender was quite gregarious and apologized for the lack of many draft beers but we had a blonde ale out of Baton Rouge that was delicious and complemented the scampi perfectly for our tastes. The cook was genuinely interested that we enjoyed our meal and we assured him we were quite pleased. My first experience in New Orleans has started out well. Today it is onto something different.The service was great.  Super nice bartender.  The crab cake bites where amazing!!!  The quesadilla was not bad either.  Grilled cheese was mediocre, but the mashed potatoes were awesome.  Great place for a late night bite.Definitely a diamond in the rough. We just happened upon it by chance on our way to bourbon street. Great bartender offering great service and awesome food. Great music and overall great atmosphere!Good bar food, but the service isn't great. You order at the bar and the bartender only gave us one menu for five people, haha. Chicken ceased wrap was good, but the tater tots are salty as hell. Good hangover food spot.It's a great place.  There's an eccentric old man who shows up and acts like he knows the owner.My husband and I decided to stop by for a late lunch.  We were so hungry, we were in the vicinity and stopped by.  The bartender took our beverage and meal order. 
Our shrimp creole and étouffée were served first and were absolutely delicious. The burgers tasted fresh and huge. Certainly not the half pounders in the menus description they were more than that without a doubt. 
The ground sirloin was cooked perfectly and the fries were delicious but not to compare to the burgers.  My husband wanted beignets but was too full so we took our order home.  This is a dive bar with a chef who doesn't scrimp on quality and won't let you go hungry.We found this little "hole in the wall" completely by accident, but SO glad we did!  Zoe (the bartender) was polite, gracious and helpful. The gumbo was great (but order the small if you're wanting it as an appetizer). The blackened shrimp po boy was delicious and was a very generous serving of shrimp. As a side we selected the pasta salad, and glad we did. Again large helping, with a great dressing (not soaked in Italian dressing like so many places) and sprinkled with cheese - delicious!  
Skip the line at the neighboring restaurant- this is far better! (We ate at both places and this one surpasses its neighbor in quality, service AND price.)Sometimes while in NOLA you just want a cold azz Miller High Life and damn hot fries. The grilled shrimp poboy was excellent, not too saucy, but great flavor. Fried catfish poboy was fried to perfection and flavorful. The bartenders were attentive and polite. Didn't have the kids this trip, but next time know where I can get a to-go order for grilled cheese and cheeseburger for them.Great dive bar! Delicious burgers and jambalaya!  Check it out. On a side street off Bourbon St.  Reasonable prices and nice outside seating out back.  Have fun without the bourbon street chaos.This place doesn't even deserve a star. We saw the great reviews on yelp, so we decided to stop in for some food. Unfortunately, the only person that greeted us was the bouncer outside who asked us for our ID's. We sat down and waited for a good 20 minutes. No one came over to us to give us a menu, or even a glass of water. We just sat there and waited. Everyone else was being helped except us. So, after the 20 minute wait, we stood up and went next door to Oceanas Grill. We were greeted instantly, we were given a menu instantly, we were even given a glass of water instantly. I definitely won't come back. There's no point.Nice place to duck in to when in the Quarter. I just came across is while walking down Conti St. Small place with a big bar (typical New Orleans), they have a nice menu. Bartender was super friendly as well. I had a wrap, it was good, it served its purpose. Prices are average for NOLA. Nothing to set it apart from any of the other bar/restaurants in the Quarter, but I did enjoy it.Easy, quick and tasty. I was walking by in my lunch break from a seminar. Place looked chill. The bartender was nice and very attentive. I ordered the Copper Wrap and a Shiner. The wrap was quite tasty. The avocado went very well with the bacon and turkey. Everything came out hot. Just the way I like it. If your looking for a spot to grab a quick bite, you can go wrong at Copper Monkey Grill.Our group had the jambalaya and it was pretty good.  At the end of the meal we saw a rat running around in the kitchen....which made it taste less good.  I will give them the benefit if the doubt that the rat doesn't live there full time, but hope that they do something about it.  I took off the traditional two stars for allowing a rat in the kitchen.Was at the Monkey twice I four days, 12/20 & 12/23. What a great little find this joint was. Had gumbo, red beans & rice and shrimp creole, all of which were fantastic. Staff was great. Atmosphere was fun. Get the MonkeyBuns! Can't wait to go back!Great food,l5 stars! 
Little off the beaten path but who can't love a good dive bar with great food... will visit many more times. Burger was fantastic.Great bartender, crawfish bites were good. Nice atmosphere, good late night find (3am ish?)The bartender s were friendly and the food is good if you go get the monkey buns they are awesomeHaven't even got our food yet, but the brunette-ponytail bartender could give two shits for anyone here. Nasty, bitchy, and just a pill to deal with. Take a look in...if she's not there, stop and have a drink!  Very cheesy grilled cheese!  Yummy!