Bread, special bread basket & fried Soft shell crab spectacular!  Duck and scallops also great.  Soft shell crab extremely ever so lightly breaded making the crab taste dominate!  Some may think portions are small (for the price) but we thought they were just right.  Had both brunch ($30 for 3 courses) and dinner there.The food was delicious and beautifully presented. The only reason why I'm giving 4 stars is because the hostess was not very welcoming nor polite--the rest of the waitstaff was wonderful though, and it's a really cute little restaurant.We were called by the many exemplary reviews from Yelp, Frommer's, Trip Advisor and others. So happy we heeded the call‼
We decided on the Chef's Surprise and were treated to multiple delectable and unexpected delights.
Alex, our server, was fantastic, and the evening was a 12 on a 10 point scale!!We stopped here on our way to R'evolution to have a few small bites before dinner.  Great choice. The ambience is nice and it's a relaxed place. But I must tell you.  Try the fried chicken. Try the fried chicken. Try the fried chicken. It's pretty amazing. Even for New Orleans standards. You won't regret it.I wish I could leave 4.5 stars! I'm going to leave 5 in hopes of bumping them up to 4.5!
I had a lovely time dining solo at the bar on Saturday night. Host service was helpful, and all servers appeared to be competent, well prepared, and efficient. I watched them quite a bit, and never once was someone standing around doing nothing. The staff had a bee-colony like work ethic to them that was never rushed, even though they were busy. The menu changes often, and I loved the wine list. They were both small, but had a perfect amout of everything for everyone. I love not having to wade through mediocre options and get straight to the good stuff!
Bartender was efficient and educated on his product. Service at the bar was very nice. I love the ambiance, and the noise level was adequate for a bistro. That's to say, I wouldn't take my hard of hearing grandfather here, but it would be the perfect place for a date night or to take my parents for dinner.
Food was excellent, although portions are a touch on the small side. I do believe I paid a fair price, given the quality of the food I had. I began with the steak tartare with greek yogurt and slaw. It was lovely. I then had the pork shoulder with figs and summer squash. Absolutely great. The complimentary house bread is also divine. 
To drink, I began with a Cotes du Provence Rose (fabulous), and moved to a Bourgogne Rouge (I can't remember the producer...), and finished up with Pierre Ferrand Cognac (yummy). 
All in all, I really enjoyed my evening, and will be back. This time, to share with others!Had dinner with my lovely dinner pals and arrived early and they had no problem seating us and giving us time to prepare for the gastrofestival that was about to take place.  This is a midsize and very open restaurant/bar with seating along the wall and bar ends to the back side.
We chose to try the chef's 5 course blind tasting and it was amazing.  What began with a slight hesitation and concern quickly turned into excitement of the surprise of what was next.
We began with cured meet and sorbet that cleared the pallet and prepared us for the delightful onslaught of flavors.
I am not going to give away the surprises that followed but the gnocchi (***** stars) has now made it a requirement, that my future companion knows how to make these.  The dessert was full of technique and complexity but I was expecting a more decadent traditional dessert.
I would also recommend the wine pairing.  The chef's choices clearly enhanced our dining experience and help me set aside some prejudice I had towards white and rose.
Now the chef's blind tasting is not for the faint at heart.  Dinner for three and drinks for two was almost $125 p/p and while I am more than ready to do it again, its clearly not a weekly adventure.
Parking is heavy on Magazine and while I enjoy the ambiance, when I am hungry and have to find street parking it can become a bear.  The only reason that it is 4 star and not five is because I did not like being so close up to the bar while we were dining and it was difficult at times to hear my companions with bar conversations taking place right behind me.  I didn't know there was a upstairs seating area so maybe that would be a more quiet environment.  
The food is CLEARLY 5 star but the overall experience was a 4.7 and I dont round up.Went for lunch on a Friday. Service was kind and answered (a lot of complicated) questions, both before the food was served and after (regarding the preparation because we were so impressed). Was so stuffed from the last few days of gorging in NOLA that we split the fried spicy chicken (with whipped honey and pickles) to share, as well as the three course lunch menu (shared): tea cured cobia over cucumber dill and creme fraiche (divine), smoked drum salad with pickled summer squash and pickled chervil (perfect), sorghum ice cream profiteroles (fresh, not soggy at all), and an apple upside down cake. Absolute heaven. They split the plates for us without asking and no extra charge. Get a reservation early - this place is where its at. Also, totally reasonable and high value for what you're getting.We went for Friday lunch, one of our best meals in New Orleans.  We had the fried chicken with pickles and whipped honey - thin boneless pieces with a nice, thick crunchy, well-spiced coating.  We split the 3 course lunch, and the kitchen split everything for us onto two plates without being asked.  Interesting combinations of local ingredients and flavors - tea cured cobia, smoked drum salad, profiteroles with sorghum ice cream.  Great food, great service, nice atmosphere.Terrible experience! After reading all the good reviewsI decided to have lunch here. Waitress was a walking attitude. When I asked her explaining the menu to me because if a view dish name that I had no idea what it was she looked at me like I was mental and barely gave me a n answer. 
Okay fine I thought let me google it and find out myself..
When my beer arrived in a wine glass (are you trying to be fancy? Use a real beer/pils glass!) the glass was half full like 8 oz max.
$8? You must be kidding! 
I just got up and left.The service is outstanding. The food good, but not amazing. We had: scallops, gnocchi, and bass. Not sure I'll go back...It was all about the catfish dip, roasted cauliflower atop a dill yogurt spread and the fried pork chop with anchovy relish. The bread came warm and folded into a linen napkin. Love that dollop of room temp butter. 
And then there's Allison, the Uber-cool waitress with the mostess.... Allison, I sing to you Elvis Costello style! Thank you so much. You are a rock star and know your shit. So often wait-staff make recommendations that they know absolutely nothing about and ruin my culinary experience. You, on the other hand SLAYED it!
Back to San Francisco I go with a splendid dining experience tucked ever so deliciously in my 
Respectfully yours,
Regina LouiseMy husband and I decided to drive over to NOLA from Baton Rouge for a date night.  It was a last-minute decision, so we picked this place based off its Yelp reviews (read: how well New Orleans natives like it) and availability on a Saturday night.
First, the restaurant itself.  It's pretty, the staff is friendly, and it's not nearly as stuffy as other restaurants in its price range.  We were seated upstairs near the waiters' bar.  First thought: I couldn't hear my husband over the groan of the A/C.  Quite loud.  The music:  a strange selection that didn't seem to match the environment.  The seating:  My husband sat in a chair and I was seated at the long wooden bench that runs the length of the wall.  After about 45 minutes, my backside was completely numb.  A cushion of some sort would have gone a long way to my comfort.  My husband's chair was not any more comfortable.  We tried switching it up but sitting still at that table for that long was not helping either of us.
Next, the food.  Not long after being seated, a waiter brought piping hot, crusty bread and whipped butter to our table.  The bread was so hot that each time you pulled out a slice, steam would escape.  It was absolutely delicious.  Perfect crust and soft, gluten-y interior.  We snacked on it while we looked over the menu carefully.
We knew that the menu changes daily, but based on the Yelp reviews, it looked as if there were a few repeat items that we'd both enjoy.  We chose an appetizer and two small plates to share, and we each ordered a large plate that looked appealing to us.  The appetizer was a selection of cured meats with roasted hazelnuts, shaved comte' (Gruyere) cheese, some sort of root beer vinegar and ginger that had been preserved somehow.  The description on the menu said "selection of cured meats," but it was all prosciutto.  I'm really not a fan of it, so I was disappointed there wasn't a better selection of meats.  The cheese really didn't have much flavor, nor did the root beer vinegar.  The ginger was an odd flavor to add to the mix, and though I love hazelnuts, they just added to the weirdness of this mixture.  I did eat some of all of it, trying different combos of meat/cheese/vinegar/nuts, but never did find a combo that I'd say I enjoyed.
The small plates:  We ordered the crabmeat w/basil and roasted eggplant and the "yak-a-mein" soup.  We got the latter because our server recommended it and it sounded tasty.  To be fair, it was - but it was SO salty that neither of us could eat it.  Wow.  I mean I love salt, but this was like picking up a bottle of full sodium soy sauce and chugging it.  Nope, couldn't do it.  I was sad, because I really liked the flavor of the soup otherwise.  The crabmeat - my husband enjoyed this one.  Now, I've lived in South Louisiana most of my life, and I sincerely love crabmeat - but this dish was kind of gross to look at.  The "basil" actually looked like some kind of green feta that was crumbled over the top.  The roasted eggplant was buried under the crab and basil and was unrecognizable in taste and appearance - so much so that we had forgotten it was supposed to be eggplant at all.  I love eggplant, but this had a tangy flavor to it and it was cold.  Add that to the green cheesy appearance of the crab and I was done.
The large plates:  My husband ordered the smoked duck plate.  It looked appetizing.  It had a lot going on - he described it as something you had to "deconstruct" to eat.  He thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered the pork neck with eggplant, frizzled onions, and mint.  My plate had a VERY strong smoked smell emanating from it - granted, I'm pregnant and everything smells more strongly than usual, but even my husband said he thought it was his smoked duck at first.  Nope, it was mine.  Everything was brown and dark looking, with a mess of frizzled green onions on the top.  The eggplant was smushed under the chunks of pork and everything sat atop a bright green sauce - supposedly the mint.  I tasted a chunk of pork that wasn't in the sauce.  Strong smoked flavor, but cooked well and very tender.  Overall tasty - but it tasted like dry pork that needed...something.  So I sliced a piece of eggplant and dredged it and a bite of pork into the sauce.  OMG, MISTAKE.  The sauce tasted sour and not at all like mint.  I had my husband try it, who described it as "battery acid."  Said it was truly horrible and that he couldn't get the taste out of his mouth.  I tried for several minutes to find a piece of food on my plate that this green sauce had not touched - but to no avail.  It was absolutely pervasive.  I could not eat my dish at all, so I ate more bread.
The server came over, and I explained to her that I just did not care for the sauce which was touching everything on my plate.  She apologized and asked if I'd like something else.  No, I was full of bread by then.  She took it off our bill.  We skipped dessert and left.  Can't say we'll be back.  2 stars for the staff.This may be the best food we've ever eaten. The cauliflower vegetarian dish was perfect and the trout, shrimp, and crab was detailed exquisitely.Dear God this place is amazing. Since my very brief time in New Orleans with my fiancé, it's been hard to forget this place. We ordered the hot chicken and the catfish appetizers which can only be described as some of the best stuff I've ever put in my mouth. Describing it could hardly do it justice but I will try. Reading about the ingredients, most may think these flavors odd together. The mandarin oranges, plantain chips, catfish. And then pickles with my chicken? However, putting them in your mouth is a different story. It made me feel like one of those snobby food critics whilst tasting weird dishes on these competitive Food network shows. They'll usually compliment the "balance" or "acidity." These are qualities that I never fully understood until trying these dishes, and that bliss that stems from said "balance" is nothing short of incredible.
Did I also mention the bread? The freshly baked bread? The endless complimentary loaves? Oh yeah. We kept drinking and they just kept baking. "More bread?" "yes please!" I'm not crazy! We must have eaten two whole loaves, but you know what? I don't even care. In fact, if I could only eat one kind of bread for the rest of my life it would be this one. It was like some sort of gluten high!
The drinks were also superb. I had a bubbly rose and my fiancé the stiffest ole fashioned he's probably ever had. 
And somewhere in our drunken, gluttonous stupor, I began to fear the inevitable nostalgia for my future self, that food this good is likely to bring upon oneself. I thought "some day I'll be back at home in California and I'll be wishing I had food this good...and it'll be so very far away." Well, that day has come. 
If anyone who is reading this has a chance to eat here TAKE THAT CHANCE and have some bread for me ;)First of let me say that this is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I've eaten at all the big popular places and Coquette is by far the most interesting, thoughtful and creative food I've had in the city. If you are a picky eater or like to stick to the classics, this might not be for you. 
They have an ever changing menu the utilizes seasonal ingredients. Their menu is set up with small plates, entree and dessert or a five course tasing menu (chefs choice and the whole table has to participate). This is the only restaurant I've been to where the portions are perfect size so I can choose my three courses and it is the perfect amount of food. 
The small plates are as their name suggests, small. I've seen a lot of reviews complaining about the portion sizes but hey, it's literally in their name. With the exception of a few dishes, most are big enough for two people to share. If you aren't sure on the size, ask the waiter, they will be honest with you! The catfish dip is probably my favorite small plate.
The entries are pretty typical size and I've never ordered one I didn't like. 
The desserts are worth a major shout out. While the menu plays them down to look simple and boring, they are anything but. Every dessert I have had is an elaborate arrangement of items that look deconstructed but work together very well. There are usually 3 to 5 different components that are delicious by themselves or taken in a bite with the other things on the plate. 
Okay, time for my CONS:
If you want cheap food and large portions, this is not the place for you. 
You will probably need a reservation. This place is constantly busy.
If you don't like noisy restaurants, request to sit downstairs. The upstairs portion is ridiculously loud and one night when I was on a date, our nice night out was all but ruined by having to sit upstairs next to two tables of people who were literally screaming. We could barley hear our waiter enough to order.
Lastly, the fried chicken brunch is to die for, do yourself a favor and try it. I think it is only on weekends but it comes with fried chicken, biscuits, pickles, deviled eggs and two sides.My friend and I have decided to go out for Friday lunches every other week and due to reputation via Yelp, we decided to make this our first stop. And I am SO glad we did.
We heard about the $20 3-course lunch and decided to each order different things so we could try several dishes. I ordered the oyster appetizer, the pork belly and beignets, which I was dying to try. My friend ordered the bibb salad, lamb neck and beignets (we each were feeling greedy). 
Oysters: Yum-yum. The onions on them could've been cooked a bit longer, but the flavor was interesting. We couldn't pinpoint the spice that made it so delicious, but kept thinking it must be something Indian. Very good.
The Bibb Salad: Fresh and perfectly dressed, sprinkled with pig ear atop a soft boiled egg. The combination of flavors and textures was delectable. 
The Pork Belly: Plate came as a do-it-yourself wrap kit. Again, very fresh and well-balanced, savory blend of flavor. *Runner up* 
The Lamb Neck: Hearty, but not greasy. Kind of like a stew. Definitely hit the spot, given the cold weather. 
The Beignets: We got ours with Irish Coffee. Each order came with 5 fluffy clouds of delicious-ness sprinkled with powdered sugar, served with a tiny cup of coffee mousse and a caramel dipping sauce. They were definitely the best beignets I've had in town since I moved here. THE BEST. *Winner of Dinner... er... lunch!*
Their glass wines are also delicious - great selection. I'm partial to the Willamette Valley reds and fruit-forward varietals, and was very happy with their Pinor Noir. I didn't order any of the specialty cocktails, but I'll be back on a Wednesday when they have a $5 special on them. They look creative and interesting. 
It's a favorite on here for a reason - delicious, innovative, not overly complicated, savory dishes and great wine pairings in a quaint, classy neighborhood bistro.
I didn't really notice the service a whole lot. The hostess was nice, but we sat at the bar. The bartender was busy, but took care of us. When each runner dropped food, they made sure to ask if we needed something. They have their service down. Boom. 
All creative, not over-thought dishes
All delicious
Great bistro atmosphere in the LGD
BEST BEIGNETS evahhhh!Oh my gosh best food we have eaten in New Orleans. We went for brunch. The menu was creative and scrumptious. I had the risotto with mushrooms sausage...,incredible.  I then had the beef cheeks over biscuits eggs and gravy.  The most interesting use of herbs. My husband had the gumbo and the catfish. Oh my yum. 
The desserts were perfect. Sweet potatoe pie and cookies and cream.  The texture and flavors heavenly.  The complimentary bread was. Must try.The service is outstanding. The food is delicious and interesting. Then, there are the cocktails. Ah, the cocktails. This is a fantastic restaurant.Fantastic Food!  Service was very good although Maypop was slightly better!  One of the best meals of my lifeAmazing start to finish. The staff was courteous, attentive, but never annoying. We had a small plate of Ricotta gnocchi, wild mushrooms, and beef short rib to share. They brought out wonderfully baked bread. I had butternut squash, farro piccolo, brussels, cipollini onion. Husband had pork neck, tuscan kale, gala apple, charred lemon. Also had several cocktails and the ice cream trio. All were simply amazing. Literally no complaints. We sat upstairs by a window. Perfect date night ambiance. We would absolutely come back again to try a different menu, as it is always changing.Excellent all the way around!! The whole family said it was the best meal they had while in New Orleans. The waiter and waitress went above and beyond. Extremely cookie wait staff. We will make it a habit to stop and eat anytime we are in NOLA.The most innovative and food I've ever eaten. Delicious, too! Most impressive was a quail stuffed with pork sausage, wrapped in bacon and served with a chicken liver sauce. So many savory and earthy flavors in this dish. Make sure to start your meal with one of their specialty cocktails and finish with one of their creative desserts.Yeah, we ran into this place on toasty day two years ago while walking around the garden district.  We were just blown away by the quality of the food and drinks.  Went to August a few days later and, in all honesty, Coquette food and drinks were way better.  Had soft shell crab at both and coquettes was simple superb in comparison.  So, back in NOLA tow years later and stopped by to see if they were for real and yes, they haven't missed a beat.  Hands down the best dining and at truly reasonable prices.  For lunch or dinner, this is well with the trip if your over in the Quarter or Business district or even beyond.  Just love this place, give your self a treat and try it out!Simply wonderful! Ambiance was great, beautiful old building with nice details. Our server was very attentive and described dishes beautifully. The cornbread cavatelli and soft shell were fantastic.  If you usually skip the bread and butter, don't while at coquette. The bread and butter was unreal. Wonderful wine selection and it sounds like the cocktails are very good! I couldn't have been happier! Next time we're in Nola, we'll be back.Absolutely one of the best meals I've had in a long time.  Flawless on every count.  Every single thing we ordered was remarkable.  Easily the best meal we had on our NOLA food tour.  The charcuterie platter had some pate and meats that were mind blowing.  And the chocolate and caramel "explorations" were among the best things I've ever tasted.I really wanted to love this place. It's a great neighborhood location, great staff, and short ribs were good. The rest of the meal was not stunning. The appetizers lacked zing or depth of flavor.... something.  They were too bland. My Red Snapper  had the potential to be great, but it was only ok.I love to eat out but I also love to cook. Perhaps it's hubris, but I like to think I'm a pretty good cook. It's rare that I eat somewhere, where I'm not secretly thinking "I could probably come pretty close to this at home." This place is the exception. 
I took my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary. She had wanted to try the coolinary special, which is offered in several fine dining restaurants throughout New Orleans. The deal is you get a 3 course meal for $35 a person. The catch is I'm a vegetarian and few places offer vegetarian meals with this deal. Coquette's listed coolinary entree is catfish but they said they could make all 3 courses vegetarian upon request.
The restaurant has a great upscale ambience which is perfect for a fancy date. They have three glass chandeliers and the bathroom is bigger than some apartments I've lived in. The wait staff is attentive but never intrusive and extremely friendly. Nothing I put in my mouth here was less than extraordinary. The bread and butter was the best I've ever had. That wasn't a distinction I would have made before eating in this restaurant.  The cucumber soup was exquisite. The temperature and viscosity were nothing short of perfect. The vegetarian entree was mostly eggplant. Typically, I only like eggplant fried and heavily sauced in an eggplant parmesan sandwich. Not at the place, the eggplant came in a delicious gazpacho sauce and was cooked to perfection. Not to mushy and not to chewy. I have no idea how they did it. The eggplant was topped with mushrooms, gnocchi spinach and plum tomatoes. I have no idea how it was seasoned, but the spice combination was perfect. The seasoning brought out the underlying flavors of the vegetables while also adding a flavor component of their own. The desert was outstanding too. I'm not even sure what it was. I believe it was some sort of run flavored ice cream in a chocolate sauce. 
My grievances are two. Firstly, everything was too salty. Secondly, there wasn't a red wine under $9.  I can't really be that pissed about either of these because most food in the south is too salty for my Yankee pallet and this restaurant is fancy as hell.
The food here is beyond food. I've never been disappointed by fine dining in New Orleans but this place is on another level. I seriously thought about mugging the chef, kidnapping him and demanding cooking lessons. This is one of the best meals I've ever had. I almost forgot to mention, the check comes with a praline!We had lunch here, and it was fine. I had the baked oysters which were a bit bland, and the "pulled lamb" which was ok also. service was good and I would certinly go there again. Beginets were great.Ate alone on a business trip. I sat at the bar. The staff was very friendly. I had the steelhead trout appetizer and red snapper. The red snapper was great, really flavorful. I have had a fair amout of trout...never steelhead. Maybe I just don't know this fish. It was good, but I can't say I would order it again. Decor and atmosphere was great.I love visiting New Orleans and finding new restaurants.  Coquette will definitely be on my list to try again.  The decorum was fabulous and I loved the tiled floor and the wooden bar.  I had the scallops which were melt in your mouth good.  My friend had a fish dish which I can't remember but apparently she called herself the winner of our two plates.  I loved mine.   We shared the beignets with salted caramel sauce.  I wanted to drink up the sauce all on it's own.
The wine selection was fair we started with bubbles and switched to white.  However, I did see a few mixed drinks served and I loved the presentation.
It was great to be away from the Quarter and feel like a local again.  We enjoyed a nice walk down Magazine.Disappointing. There is so much hype about this place, that I came in expecting to love it, but was let down with every dish. 
While it is clearly excellent quality food and beautiful presentation, portions were too small and flavors didn't stand out as much as I was expecting. It was an entirely forgettable meal. 
Also annoying was that they sat us in the upstairs room despite their being downstairs tables available because (I believe) we were not local. 
It paled in comparison to places like Cochon, Peche and August.This is called a Yelp Review Update Number 3...
SPECTACULAR.
The service is impeccable.  We actually got friendly with / developed a rather nice relationship with our servers (plural servers..).  They were extremely personable and provided excellent, sound recommendations...  They were the type of people that you would be friends with if you weren't there eating dinner...  Nice, down to earth people..
Quality of food and craft cocktails - TOP NOTCH.
My favorite restaurant in New Orleans.I've been to Coquette several times including yesterday for lunch. It's always been excellent. I particularly enjoy the cocktails, which are extremely well-made. Yesterday I ordered an old-fashioned and it was (surprisingly) made with a spicy kick. I never would have ordered this since I like the sweetness of an old-fashioned, however I loved the taste so much I ordered another.
The quality of Coquette is such that even the simple appetizer salad with greens, candied pecans, feta cheese and a vinaigrette becomes a perfect blend of flavors. My entree of fried catfish over fresh veggies was richer than expected but very enjoyable. The portion was fairly large.
One thing that was odd was that the prix-fixe dessert was stated to be a chocolate torte with kettle corn ice cream, but we were brought out a creme brulee-like custard in a thin shortbread crust instead of the chocolate torte. It was not very flavorful, but the kettle corn ice cream was absolutely delicious. It came with scattered pieces of popcorn very lightly glazed with a salty-sweet coating. Overall, yum!It was a fun experience dining here. The table we got had some glare from a streetlamp but they managed to adjust it so it didn't affect us that much. I appreciate short, well-thought out menu. The food was excellent, no complaints in that regard.From the service, quality of ingredients, composition and ambience, this place is fantastic. Friendly, tasty and relaxing with a hint of something special... This place is a gem!I think I'm in love! Brought visitors here for lunch and had one of the best meals we've all had in a long time!
Service was great, the food was phenomenal and the wine paired just right...
Had the shrimp and grits and it blew my mind. What a flavor extravaganza.
Thank you, we will be back.we came across this place as we wandered around...decided to check it out just because it was there...had a wonderful time and ate many different and new things...On a trip to New Orleans, I had the good fortune of dining at Coquette twice - once for dinner and once for lunch. Both times I was pleasantly surprised that Coquette lived up to the hype, everything we tried was delicious, particularly a great soft shell crab, and our cocktails were pure class as well. I would highly recommend Coquette for the great food, atmosphere and fantastic service.Fantastic experience, attentive and knowledgable staff.  The paris brest dessert was yummy too!This place was amazing. I had the chef's tasting menu and my husband had the duck breast. Yelp-find that was amazing!One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. We tried the tasting menu, which was amazing. Service was fantastic.One of the best meals I've ever had.  You guys are absolutely amazing.  We came in with a group of 18 and the staff was were so accommodating and sweet.  I got the wagyu beef and I will say it was cooked to perfection and was perfectly tender.  The okra was to die for. If you want a meal with perfect service and perfect taste, this is your place.Came here for lunch on my wife's 30th birthday. I made the reservation through Open Table and simply put in the notes it was my wife's b-day not expecting anything fancy. Well our server greeted us with 2 complimentary glasses of champagne to start with and wished my wife a happy bday.
Overall this was a great experience, Even for lunch they have great options, I ended up getting the Duck Breast which was cooked to perfection. Also they have a tremendous cocktail selection for those looking for a bit more than the usual Jack and Coke. and they have a pretty expansive, but moderately priced wine menu.
All in all this was a great experience and I love the fact that they are outside of your normal hot spots (French Quarter, Garden District, etc). They are uptown on Magazine, but this side of Uptown is much less touristy and crowded at least in my opinion.Everything is innovative and very well-executed.  Even if it sounds strange it will be superb,  so don't be afraid to try anything.  Fine attention to detail and not at all overbearing.  Upstairs dining is best.  Upscale casual.  A++ for real foodies.  Not for tourists.  Highly recommend.Ok I'm writing a review on the wait list process and nothing else. We went on a Saturday at 1:30pm. The restaurant was busy but not full. There were 5.open tables and they asked if we had a reservation. Our table of two didn't, so the hostess said she couldn't seat us for the rest of lunch because they are packed. So I don't want to get in too much detail about a hostess' job but she sucked and the rsvp system needs updating. There are so many things wrong with this situation I dont even know where to begin but my point is ... no restaurant is THAT good to be completely ignorant in seating their guests. By the way in the 15 minutes while we were finding a restaurant to eat no one showed up to take the 5 available table. I hope their imagery 5 tables were worth the bad review, no returning customer, and customers that will never pass but negative words because I got stopped at the door like it was the bee nees of a club. This place needs to get over themselves and find a better hostess that knows how to coordinate and take a name.We were visiting from out of town and had made a brunch reservation because reviews looked good. It was not... the hostess, server, and bartender were all rude... the brunch menu was just lunch dishes... we left after 15 minutes and went next door.Had a wonderful dinner here for our 5th anniversary. We did the 5 course blind-tasting menu and had a great experience from beginning to end. Service was great and each course was delightful. The freshly baked warm bread we got upon sitting down was wonderful. Then we made our way through some amuse bouches, such as the fried oysters with watermelon hot sauce, after which we started our first course: a salad with crisp local veggies in a wonderful citrus dressing. The salad was such a delight, with such intense and unique flavors (perennial cucumbers that look like cherry tomatoes; pickled beet) that it might have even been my favorite dish of the evening. We were also served beef tartare, red snapper, duck, and then a slice of watermelon with lemon bitters, micro basil and pop rocks as a palette cleanser. It was so much fun to eat and absolutely delicious. We were served zucchini flower beignets for dessert, which ended our meal on a high note. The server also brought us two glasses of complimentary champagne so we could toast our anniversary. All in all, a wonderful culinary experience. It made eating fun, and we enjoyed every bite and moment!My SO and I ate at Croquette on a Friday evening around 7:00pm.  Croquette has a nice quiet and more upscale atmosphere.  I can't say enough for the staff at Croquette.  We called ahead to see if they could accommodate two hungry vegans and they obliged.  We arrived and they were prepared!  My SO and split a small plate and a large plate.  The small plate was a pumpkin faro type dish the chef adapted to be vegan and it was quite delicious.  For the large plate we got the Fingerling Sweet Potatoes and they were out of this world!  I would recommend to any vegan or carnivore who finds themselves in New Orleans because of the amazing staff, romantic atmosphere, and amazing food!
What we got:
Pumpkin Faro [My Rating: 8/10]
Fingerling Sweet Potatoes [My Rating: 10/10]
Keywords: Vegan, VegetarianFood was very good. occasionally bordering on the sublime. Only issue was that it was a bit high falutin for the grandparents in the group. Room is nice, service is pleasant and efficient.
Took a party of 10 here for dinner - it was good, but i think the restaurant's sweet spot is probably a party of 4.
On the negative side, I was surprised about how big the bill got, and i am no fan of an automatic 20% of the all-in bill being added as a tip for large parties. Overall, fully priced, but good. Based on the reviews, I may try brunch next time.Last night we had dinner at Coquette. We'd previously only had lunch. It was fantastic. Everything about it was good, and while the food is most definitely Louisiana, there's a certainly lightness to the cuisine that keeps it from being gut-busting. 
We were with a large group so we got to taste many things but my favorites were the pork tenderloin (my entree), my husband's outrageous fish, and the butternut squash cavatelli with fried chicken (outrageously good). Even the bread was fantastic, and cocktails were unreal. Service is attentive and very pleasant.
I really love this place. So should you.The food here is amazing.  My wife had the fried chicken and a side of grits.  I had the hanger steak for two,  which was perfect for one hungry guy.  Chicken was crispy, crunchy and tender at the same time.  It came with whipped honey. Yes that is as good a it sounds.  The steak was Sous vide for 24 hours and then charred at the finish.  It was outstanding.  Make a reservation.  They try really hard with the service and they are really nice.  The brunch cocktails are strong and complement the food nicely.   They even let my wife taste the bloody mary mix before she ordered.  Will return on our next trip.The fried Brussels sprouts are the bomb. I mean lick the plate good. Seriously. The rest of the meal was pretty good too. Start with the mixed drinks: mine was the Bailout and was delish. Wife had the Low Country Sour and was just Ok but not great. The crabmeat appetizer was good, but the paste/sauce on it needed some flavor and was bland (the homemade thin-sliced Tasso was GOOD). Grilled drum was quite good - i'd order again. Nice glass of Malbec to top it off for a nice meal. Note: on the expensive side, even for New Orleans. We had no reservations on a Friday night, so we ended up sitting at the bar (note to self - make reservations, stupid). Despite that, service was excellent.I have to attend pretentious over-priced dinners at hotels and restaurants of celebrity chefs as part of my work on a regular basis.
So when my boss said, you pick - I was on a hunt. To find something I liked.
Something eclectic, with a great menu and excellent food. Not to mention a great atmosphere.
So when I made 6 VP's take 2 taxis out of the French quarter for a dinner at coquette's I got some very sideways looks.
We've never heard of it.
How did you find it?
What made you pick this place.
Man were they nervous.
And I got the gold star of the week after.
Excellent dinner! Great service! The decor is just my style! And the locally sourced food made me oh so happy!
Thank you for an excellent dinner and for letting me show 'my style' of eating out to the mucky mucks!
I only give 4 stars because 1 or 2 menu items weren't available that night. Otherwise - excellent!My husband and I ate dinner here on our date night. The service was good. We had reservations for 5:45 and most tables were empty until 6:30. I called for reservation and they said they were booked hum? They sat us in the second floor all the way in the back. (Or very front however you look at it...next to the window) wow and it was totally empty.
Anyway, the food was delicious and the portions were small, afterall, it's French cuisine. The menu only listed the ingredients not the actual name of the food. Lol it reminded us of Chopped. The tv series and the combination of ingredients were alittle strange. We will return because the food was very good and hopefully we get to sit where all the cool people sit. LolIncredible meal!  I went for the blind tasting with the wine pairing and they knocked it out of the park.By far my absolute favorite restaurant in town.  -Incredible food, wonderful service, and a memorable experience EVERY SINGLE TIME WITHOUT FAIL.  Bravo Coquette, keep up the amazing work!!This was a wonderful find. Put yourself in the hands of the chef and do the 5 course blind food tasting. We included the wine pairing and it was the best meal we had on the trip.Amazing service and great cocktails. I had an appetizer and an entree, but my friend ordered the 5 course tasting menu. The waiter paced our courses perfectly. 
I had the crawfish cavatelli appetizer, white asparagus crab soup. The cavatelli was amazing. Seriously, would have eaten it as an entree. The soup was rich and very tasty. Would order it in a heart beat. My softshell crab dish was too salty for me. The waiter immediately removed it and took it off the bill. Tried my friends scallops, shrimp dish, and beneigts and they were all great. The beneigts came with a great pudding. On my list of must go-tos the next time I'm in NOLATruly, I cannot say enough good things about this place. Our lunch was so good, I almost scrapped our dinner plans and went back, but decided to put them on my dinner list next trip. First, the restaurant itself is a very charming café/wine bar. The bar is gorgeous dark oak. Service was very prompt and helpful, even offering opinions when we asked for them. Once our server realized we were game, he offered his opinions on a couple of things without prompting, which I appreciated, as he was very knowledgeable.
At our waiter's suggestion, we shared the roast oysters with fennel and Benton's bacon ragout, and horseradish for an appetizer. They came out piping hot and delectable. As good as they were (and they were moist and delicious), they were the weak link in a meal that frequently entered into the sublime. 
We ordered separate entrees and split them on an extra plate, another lovely suggestion from our server. We tied in the entrée Olympics, as both were divine. I ordered the shrimp and grits and was blown away by the rich, full flavor of both the shrimp and the grits. The dish included red pepper, which gave it a nice zing. My mom ordered the special, the scallops, which were equally good. 
We ordered the fresh squeezed lemonade, which was so tasty, we were compelled to order cocktails. We each ordered a champagne cocktail that was lovely and clearly made with all fresh ingredients. Their bartender has it going on, big time.
Just when I thought things couldn't get any better, we ordered dessert. I ordered the panna cotta, which was served with blood orange and candied fennel. I adore panna cotta, and this was quite possibly the best I've ever had. Even given that, it couldn't compete with my mom's chocolate pot de crème, which made us delirious with its light, fluffy chocolate taste. I like pot de crème, but sometimes it is too dense. Not this - it was light as a cloud, served with a dollop of whipped cream. Even better, it was accompanied by about eight fluffy beignets sprinkled with powdered sugar. I truly can't think of a better dessert I've had anywhere on the planet.
I've been dreaming of this meal, and cannot wait to go back. It's food so good, it's worth a special trip to New Orleans just to eat there. I was chatting with the manager, who told me the chef used to be the sous chef at August, so his talent comes with a pedigree, too.Coquette is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans, so I was really excited to try the No Menu Tuesday offering that they have going on right now.  It's $45 for 4-5 courses, and as the name implies, you don't get to order off of the menu.  You get what you get, and ya don't pitch a fit.  LOL
When we arrived for our 8:30 pm reservation, we were seated by the front window.  I hate this spot.  Being seated in the window with the glaring lights from the street light, and the Smoothie King sign somehow ruin the atmosphere for me. But they were a full house, so no asking to be moved.
We were told that the theme of the evening was Summer squash.  
Neither of us were drinking, so the waitress said they were offering a lemonade drink.  My friend ordered that.  Neither of us cared for it.  It was too sour.
First we were brought out small nibbles of zucchini bread, and a piece of squash filled with catfish.  Both were delicious.  We're off to a good start!
Our first course was a roast squash soup.  It was a cold soup, which I've never been a big fan of.  I just really love hot food.  Even though it's not my jam, the flavor of the soup was still good.
Next course was squash latke with lump crabmeat and a pear Remoulade.  This was very good.  It was my favorite course.
Next up was a squash and potato porridge.  It really wasn't like porridge to me.  It was room temperature chopped up marinated vegetables and what looked like lentils.  It was o.k.  
By this point I'm dying for some hot food.
Next was the main course, which was listed on the menu as a Summer squash steak and lamb croquette.  What it was, was about half a piece of grilled squash, and a square piece of breaded lamb the size of a marshmallow.  Both were atop a honey mustard type dressing.  I didn't like this dish at all.  The flavors didn't work for me.  The lamb was dry, and again...this dish wasn't hot.  It was room temperature. 
The dessert was zucchini beignet with vanilla ice cream, raisins, and cane syrup.  I'm not a sweets person, but this dessert was delicious.
When we received our bill, we were shocked to see that the lemonade was $6.50.  Nuts.
One thing that rubbed me slightly wrong was that in the middle of the meal I told my waitress that my stomach was a little upset and asked if she could bring me some soda water with a splash of bitters in it.  I got charged $2.50 for it.   
At the end, both of us felt really unsatisfied.  From the lack of any hot dishes, to the one square of protein, it just didn't do it.  I felt that $45 was high for this meal, especially since they were advertising it as being similar to their $70 chef's tasting menu.  And I wanted to cry thinking of the pictures I'd seen from previous No Menu Tuesdays...to include a shrimp and crab boil one night, and sweetbreads on another.  
Some other friends of mine that dined earlier that evening gave the exact same feedback regarding no hot food, and ridiculous protein serving size.
Sorry for lack of pictures.  They all look horrible due to the street light coming in through the window.Decent food, wait a little longer than expected for having a reservation, service was average.Everything about this restaurant was perfect! We were celebrating my birthday and even though they did not know beforehand, the service, atmosphere and food was everything we hoped for. Loved the vibe, great wine and cocktail list and perfect being on magazine street. Highly suggest you go here for a romantic, fun experience in nola!!!I recently stumbled upon Coquette when a group of my friends were in New Orleans for a bachelorette get-away weekend around Aug 5. This place was so delicious!!! The service was awesome - thanks to our server, Elizabeth. And best of all, the beignets were light, fluffy and super delicious. They were better than Cafe Dumonde in my opinion. You have to try this place!Amazing food- farm to table, every bite was delicious. Smoked trout starter, pimento starter and the shrimp starter. Fantastic! Bread was warm and fresh, great service. If food is your thing you must go there! Service was warm and friendly. Don't miss coquette when you visit Nola. We are from SF so a little spoiled with awesome food. Coquette would be packed all the time if in SF. Go!You're thinking to yourself, "I'm hungry and i'd like 5 star food at a 2-3 star price."  Most places, you'd be up a creek without a paddle.  Not at Coquette.  
See, they have a great deal for lunch where you can get the quality food that they serve for a great price.  They have a 3 course lunch for $20 at lunch.  What a deal!  
I'll spare you what the others had since they had determined that I "won" the meal.  I started with the fried oysters.  They came with a great lightly roasted tomato salad.  The acidity of the tomatoes worked perfectly with the lightly fried oysters.  After that, I enjoyed their pork belly dish.  It was served with boston lettuce so you could make your own wraps.  The pork was dressed in a sort of hot and sweet Thai chili sauce.  Oh man.  Just melted in my mouth.  I made more than my fair share of the wraps with their lightly pickled veggies and great spicy mayo.  Basically, everything was done lightly.  Nothing heavy at all.  But "Light" does not mean "Lacking in Flavor."  Everything matched perfectly.  
Finally, I enjoyed their beignets.  These were far lighter than you would get at Cafe du Monde.  Instead, they were more like the pastry in profiteroles.  On the side was a fleur de sel caramel sauce.  Just to die for.  It also came with a chocolate sauce.  Now, I'm a chocolate guy.  I love me some chocolate.  But I only had a taste of the chocolate...that should tell you how decadent and amazing the caramel sauce was.  
My recommendation would be to head out to the garden district for an afternoon.  Start with lunch at Coquette and then walk around the area.  Couldn't have asked for a better day!Very unique restaurant. They serve dishes you would never imagine unless your were a chef your self. The wine selection is spectacular. The atmosphere is great. The food is even better. Be prepared to spend more than usual but it is worth it. Come with and open mind and leave with a memorable experience.Superb!  Masterful!  A delightful blend of flavors equivalent to what one experience that is like what you see on Top Chef.  Fabulous!  Had 2 appetizers - Gulf Shrimp & the Baby Quail with beignets for desert.  Gulf Shrimp was standard NOLA fare.  The Baby Quail was a masterpiece of fried quail on a bed of lettuce with a creamy buttermilk ranch dressing & pickled jalapenos.  Beignets were dense & not liking coffee in my mousse enjoyed with extra powdered sugar.  Service was fantastic - my friend is a regular here.  this was my 1st time on a trip to NOLA which is always a gastronomical delight.  This was the one to top this trip.The pork rillette and foie gras were great!  I had the red chicken and hubby had the rabbit.  We went for a birthday dinner with a large group and the service was great!!!  They stayed on top of the drinks, and were very courteous!  A great experience!I had brunch for the first time this past Saturday after hearing rave reviews about this place but was really disappointed in the nearly all aspects of the experience. First of all it was ridiculously expensive with my bill totaling over $300 for 4 people and I left feeling kinda hungry and deeply unsatisfied both in the experience and the food. The choices for the brunch menu were not exciting and the portion sizes for the food we were served were quite small and terribly oridinary in flavor, design and presentation. Cost for three courses was $30 bucks a head and honestly it wasnt even worth it at that price. My one friend found the duck to be so fatty he pushed most of it to the side and the boiled egg that was served with it was ice cold out of the fridge and didn't seem like the right compliment to the dish. My server-I dont remeber his name but I was extremely turned off by the length of his beard while serving my food. Honestly it was ZZ top length and left me puzzled as to how he was allowed to have a beard at that length while dipping to run & serve food. 
The pacing of the meal was really ff as well. We arrived at Noon and didnt leave until after 230. The first course took 1/2 hour and then over hour later we were served our 2nd course and then 5 minutes after that course the 3rd arrived. It was embarrassing and unprofessional. 
I have to give this place one star for ordinarary and expensive food, poor timing and less than hygenic serving staff!!!We went to Coquette as a group of six on a recent trip to NOLA.  We went in with very high expectations and were not disappointed.
We each ordered the the tasting menu with wine pairing, and decided to buy an extra bottle (Côte du Jura Trousseau) to tide us over between the third and forth courses. 
Some of the highlights were the shrimp crackers with pimento cheese, the smoked cobia,  the crab risotto with popcorn topping (paired with a crisp Chardonnay), a red snapper, and a hanger steak.
The service was what you'd expect (should expect) from a restaurant of this caliber -- a highly attentive staff committed to improving the diner's experience (knowledgeable servers capable of helping with wine selection, each course brought out in a concerted, timely manner, complete with FBTs, etc.)
All in all, I'd say it was a great dining experience. High quality Contemporary Southern cuisine done in proper French technique.  I wouldn't say that I had anything that I found truly unique, however.  Many of the flavor combinations were those I had experienced before in other dishes at other restaurants, but their composition and overall execution were superb. 
We ate at Coquette on our last night in town -- after having just visited Compère Lapin the night before.  We couldn't help but compare the two restaurants -- despite them being very different cuisines.  Had we visited these restaurants in reverse order (or perhaps on a separate trip), I would not feel as compelled to rank order them.  In this case, however, I'd have to say Compère Lapin is the clear winner.Delicious and great service. I recommend always making a reservation in advance because wait times can be long and the bar area very cramped.Took my wife there last night for date-night for the first time. Always heard great things about this place but decided we need to try it for ourselves. Exactly what we were looking for...quaint, non-pretentious yet elegant, great service and creative food. 
We had the ribeye cap and cochon. First restaurant we have tried so far that prepared the cochon tastefully without all the fuss and fat. The ribeye cap was def a new experience, a totally different cut of meet prepared charboiled on the outside, juicy and red inside. 
Pros: All the above + great service. Our waiter, Kent, took the time to describe the "philosophy" of coquette's cooking. Never had that before but simply outstanding description because I tasted it in the food! He was genuine and cared about his role. Outstanding service! 
Cons: They ran out of fries! Totally understand since it sounds like one of the best in town. But perhaps might consider inventory adjustment for the simple and humble potato. 
Will definitely go back again. Might try lunch next time!Amazing! We ate here for Sunday Brunch and had the Eggs Benedict. Wonderful choice. It had a spectacular mix of flavors that was so well paired even down to the tiny garlic/onion flowers. Coquette never disappoints.  Great atmosphere and friendly waitstaff.fresh baked bread and soft butter - perfect
smoked cobra with coffee - outstanding
crab on rye bread - outstanding
fried chicken with whipped honey- chicken was moist - when you found it - under way too much batter - meh
crab large plate  - another meh
It would have been four stars for the food, but our service was schizophrenic - we had a waiter and a helper waiter? assistant? Waiter was great but his assistant was unprofessional. She put the dessert menu down on top a dirty tablecloth that needed to be wiped down - ugh.Arranged a dinner for a large group while in New Orleans (May 2011). Coquette was our favorite meal while there. The atmosphere is good, the service was good (although you have to plan 3 hours for dinner anywhere in New Orleans...) The long bar is great to get a drink while waiting for the table. Tables outside and small tables downstairs are very romantic.
The food was great and not too experienced. We all loved it. The almond tart was incredible. So much wine I can't remember much before that except that I loved it all.We arrived late for our reservation and were greeted with a very poor attitude and punished by being placed in the doorway.  The downside was it was a bit cold next to the door but also that we had to sit next to the hostess station which was a trio of unfriendly, holier than thou women who rarely, if ever, smiled at anyone the entire evening.
As for the food, I'm not quite sure what everyone has been raving about. It was okay but far from outstanding. I had the snapper which was rather fishy. I tasted the hanger steak and found it bit tough. Certainly not great. The roasted carrots were tasty and the broccoli was well prepared. 
I'm happy to have tried Coquette as now I know what's going on there.  If the hostess was more friendly, I'd try it again, but that turned me off. I do not need to go back nor will I recommend it to others.Located in the beautiful Garden District of New Orleans, surrounded by charming works of the late local folk artist, Bill Hemmerling, there I sat in the upstairs dining room of Coquette for a leisurely Sunday brunch. The ambiance and wait staff (especially Elizabeth) were lovely. While my dishes, the oysters with fennel and the shrimp and grits were good, my mom had definitely made the better menu selections. She ordered the pork rilette, which was simple yet delectable, served with a variety of toppings; cherry jam, spicy dijon, bell pepper caponata, and wee little cornichons. She also ordered the battered shrimp with the spicy sambal sauce: great. My dad enjoyed the sausage and sunny-side-up egg. I had the beignets for dessert, which sadly had nothing on Cafe du Monde's. They instead tasted like cream puffs though the salted caramel sauce and coffee creme were delicious. Overall I give it a 5 for ambiance but consider it just shy of a home run for the food.Stumbled onto this place. It is very good. French inspired local cuisine with a neighborhood feel. Every dish we had was expertly executed. Cocktails were imaginative and awesome.  Simply outstanding.This was such a great place to find; we were visiting New Orleans for a conference that happened to take place over our wedding annniversary. We made reservations at Coquette and ordered the blind tasting menu, without the wine pairing (although I do generally like to add it on, we were in complete rosé/sparkling mode and ordered some bubbly for our celebration). The portions were great for two people and the courses were timed perfectly so that we weren't rushed but also didn't sit there starving. I'm fairly certain the menu changes frequently, so it's likely that many of the items we had won't be there on a different visit. For starters they brought us some snacks of the pimento cheese and smoked catfish dip which were both delicious and great appetite-whetters (and seem to be regulars on the menu). We also had BBQ shrimp which were tender, juicy, and amazing (particularly compared to some that we had later in the week), the snapper which was saucy, crunchy, and silky all at the same time, and several other items that of course I couldn't name now but at the time I was literally salivating over. I don't know why the best meals can be the hardest to name later--they just continue to exist as some dreamy, nebulous experience that you can't quite recall but can somehow still vividly remember. That was this meal. It ended with dessert which had some coconut and some raspberry cake and some creamy parts and it was deliriously good. A final little snifter of port, compliments of the house (tip: it pays to tell them if you're celebrating when you reserve on OpenTable) and we were well-equipped to head back out into the sweltering, humid NOLA evening.We experienced the no menu Tuesday. My wife had the wine pairing menu and I had a couple of drinks off the menu. I enjoyed all 5 courses, my favorite being beef tartare. The curry lamb was a pleasant surprise however my wife doesn't  like lamb, so be warned some courses may not be to your liking and or comfort zone. The only negative I have to say is the wine pairing for the main course smelled like a dirty diaper and only tasted slightly better. 
Would recommend to anyone who has an adventurous pallet.Found this place after we realized The Commander's Palace doesn't allow shorts. We didn't have a reservation but were able to get full service at the bar. Had the three course brunch - Napa cabbage salad, shrimp, and German chocolate ice cream sandwich. All very good! If you like bloody Mary's they have a great spicy one. The staff was very nice as well.This place is spectacular! We had the gumbo, shrimp and grits, pickle platter, and bread pudding. We thoroughly enjoyed everything that we had, the shrimp and grits were probably the best I have ever had!! My girlfriend loved the dessert and the pickle platter was extremely delicious and unique!! I highly recommend coming here when in New Orleans !One of the best outdoor dinners I've ever had.  Everything we ate (there were 6 of us) was fabulous; ecspecially the pork patte type thing.  There was something called "rissotto" with the qoutes, that was actually potatoes.  That was awesome too.  The service was great, ecspecially considering that we stayed there from open until close.There's nothing more New Orleans than Sunday brunch and Coquette's take is nothing short of perfection.  For $25/person you get a three course spread that will beyond satisfy.  I personally started with the fried shrimp with grapefruit, niçoise olives, and sambal vinaigrette.  It was very unique and refreshing with almost an Asian flavor.  Second I chose the pimento cheese sandwich.  As simple a classic as this is, it was so rich and decadent I almost didn't finish it.  For dessert I had the goat cheese mousse.  So creamy with just enough goat cheese flavor, not overpowering.  All topped off with a bellini and I'm set for the day (or a nap).  
I can't wait for my next trip to NOLA so I can try their dinner menu!!We had a fabulous meal here Sunday evening. The food was creatively designed and expertly prepared. We started with the rabbit pate, liver mousse and rillettes with rye bread. No one of those was better than the other as they were all delicious, even the rye bread!  We followed that up with Roasted Spring Vegetables and romesco sauce. The sauce was subtle and delicious and made with pecans rather than the standard almond preparation. Then we enjoyed the Red Snapper with Celery, cucumber and almond brown butter which was divine. Half way through we traded and each enjoyed the speckled trout, crawfish, fennel sausage all in a spring vegetable broth.  No room for dessert but the meal was awesome.As a foodie who regularly eats in NYC and recently went to SF and Miami, Coquette was hands down the best meal I've had in memory. We started with the smoked trout dip and butter beans. Both sent tingles through my body. THAT GOOD. The entries of Red snapper and steak were equally as sublime me. Then the line curd Napoleon finished off the meal perfectly. My only regret was not getting the tasting menu so I could've eaten more. But after a recent over portioned tasting menu elsewhere we were too afraid of the food coma to come after. After all we had dancing on Frenchmen to go too. 
The service was good if relaxed. It was a nice event by so we sat outside. Just some tables on the sidewalk but the hood is nice and the gas station across the street didn't dampen the romantic mood too much. I can't recommend this restaurant enough. Truly special.Small restaurant. Make reservations a couple weeks before. We got the following: 
- Catfish dip- tangy but not fishy at all; pretty big dish
- Crab- small but delicious 
- Burrata- under the large plate but we got it for an appetizer; very refreshing simple dish
- Wagyu- nicely cooked steak but the summer squash was deceiving; it was squash bread. Tasty but not what I was expecting
- Miller's Farm Chicken- looked really pretty and my coworker seemed to enjoy it 
Overall great restaurant!Great restaurant! We went there while visiting New Orleans for a conference. It is a taxi ride away from downtown (or very easy the trolley) but it's well worth it. It was recommended by a friend in Maryland and we are so glad we went.
The place is classy, upscale, yet casual and easy going. You could wear a jacket or just a t-shirt I'm sure. There is outside seating when the weather permits. 
The Starbucks is directly across the street so it is in an "up and coming" area.  The Wholefoods is also a 5 block walk from there.
It wasn't too crowded at the time we arrived. It was a slow night but there was still a lot of energy in the restaurant. The drinks were fabulous and the food was delicious. The portions weren't huge but that is a good thing! :)
This is a definite visit the next time you're in New Orleans. It has become even more popular since we were there.We loved the fired chicken here. It came two side dishes of mashed potato, green veggies plus 3 pieces of deviled eggs, some pickles and 2 pieces biscuits with a half order chicken. The chicken skin was so crispy outside, the meat was so juicy and tender, LOVE IT! The mashed potatoes was so good and I finished it although I am not a fan for mashed potatoes.So this restaurant is more like a 3.5   On our food tour of NOLA is was the least memorable.  Service was average at best.  It took them about 20 minutes to take our order in a somewhat empty restaurant.  
While the dishes were ok, nothing really stood out.  The pork chops and duck were solid.  The fried chicken was not bad.  But the rest of the meal was kinds of bland.  The short ribs were thin and coming from Hawaii, looked the kind you can get from a low end Korean Restaurant.
The red snapper was cooked well but didn't have any flavor that popped and wasn't very exciting.
Overall the restaurant was not bad, but didn't have the "wow" factor.For our last night in New Orleans, my wife and I had decided to go without a plan and see where the night took us. After an amazing day kicking around the Garden District and Uptown, we got caught in a torrential downpour in between stops at local watering holes and cool little shops. The nearest shelter from the storm just so happened to be Coquette, where we were treated to one of the best meals we had during our time in the Crescent City, and we had already eaten pretty damn well over the previous few days. Coffee cured cobia, followed by crawfish agnoletti - it was delicious. AND they had a fantastic beer selection. Highly recommended.We loved just about everything about Coquette. From the table upstairs away from the noisier crowd downstairs to our leisurely paced service. Each dish was thoughtfully prepared and delicious. Between four of us we were able to sample a good number of appetizers and main courses from the small menu that changes daily. We were so impressed that we asked to speak to the chef which we did on our way out and discovered that his focus on vegetables matched our observation that locally farmed organic vegetables receive careful consideration at Coquette. Portions are modest and flavors distinct so you savor each bite. Standouts were the Potatoe leek soup, Ravioli with Ramps, Smoked Drum salad, Fried Chicken and our desserts which included a dollop of peanut butter ice cream and a donut with huckleberries. All generously washed down with lashings of Picpoul de Pinet (white) and a GSM to see us through. Four stars because even though we disagreed amongst ourselves, the pasta for the ravioli was a bit tough, it took a really long time for the one cocktail ordered to arrive and service could have been a tad more attentive to detail. The prices probably are fair for such attention in the menu and execution in the kitchen but don't expect huge portions or fried seafood. This is a really special place.So delicious and fantastic ambiance!! We were so happy to have wandered in for brunch. We shared the fish dip with fresh veggies and each had the pimento breakfast Sammie. Both amazing! My husband and I still drool over the memory of how delicious this food was.Been here twice and was super happy with chef's choice both times. The food really reflected the time of year and the seasonal selection used by this chef. We had a wine pairing both times and were please with the wine selected and felt the sommelier to be very knowledgeable and easy to talk to. The food, wine, and great staff give this Resturant 5 stars in my book!As tourists, our attire was 'comfortable' but too casual for Commander's Palace, so we asked a local for a 'memorable' meal w/a casual atmosphere.  They directed us to Coquette which fit the bill.  My wife and I worked off the small plate(s) menu for variety.  Though I can recommend the lamb w/pasta and saffron, their menu changes regularly so it may be not be available when you go.  However, the complex dishes and creative cocktails served to make this a great dining experience for us.Coquette is a pleasant little bistro and wine bar on the Magazine corridor. The layout is particularly inviting with a series of tables around a wonderful rectangular bar in the bustling downstairs dining room and a warm cozy set of tables and booths upstairs. Those that want buzz and bustle will be at home downstairs. Diners looking for quiet intimacy will love the upstairs location. On temperate days, tables are set up for al fresco dining as well. Overall, the place screams "hip."
My wife and I visited Coquette several months after it opened and we both loved the atmosphere. The William Hemmerling folk art paintings on the wall add a particularly nice, local touch. But the food was the real star of our early experiences at Coquette. An adventurous menu paired innovative techniques like sous vide cooking with splendid local ingredients and some house made delicacies. We quickly incorporated the restaurant into our regular rotation and were consistently impressed with the imagination and execution of the rapidly changing menu. Highlights from our early experiences included a splendidly executed grilled pork chop and a delicious steak prepared sous vide, then finished on the grill. Both were succulent and satisfying. The appetizers and sides were equally impressive.
After several months in our regular personal and business lunch and dinner rotation, we noticed a mild decline in both the food and service. Two successive dinners in 2010 in particular tarnished the glow of our early love affair with the place. Ironically, both involved exceedingly slow service--on one trip I had to get up and go downstairs to find a waiter after waiting a full twenty minutes without placing our cocktail order. On both of those occasions, our food was "hit and miss" in quality. Some dishes rivaled the perfection of the early kitchen, others were cold, overcooked, and under seasoned. I was especially disappointed in a cochon dish, delightfully described as "pig" on the menu. I was so excited to order suckling pig that perhaps my expectations were too high, but on this occasion the kitchen delivered an over cooked, dry, chewy piece of pork. Boo!
Happily my last three excursions, all in spring 2011, demonstrated that the kitchen and the service were back on top of their games. Outstanding softshell crabs, lightly cooked in an almost transparent tempura batter preserved the integrity and sweetness of the crabmeat and literally exploded in bursts of tasty juiciness in my mouth. The fried quail and a lovely presentation of lightly battered oysters and beef carpacio starred on another recent trip.
The service at Coquette has been uneven. In the early months they seemed to have their act together with an attentive and knowledgeable wait staff that attended to both the food and wine possibilities with a great deal of thought, care, and preparation. During the down months in 2010, however, I found the service to be both inattentive and mildly surly. On a recent visit, I noticed some new faces, perhaps not as knowledgeable as before, especially in regard to the food preparation, but both waitresses seemed to be eager to find out the answers to questions and motivated to learn more about the food they were serving.
The bar at Coquette is quite good. Coquette's imaginative list of original concoctions contains some mighty tasty cocktails that are lovingly constructed by conscientious bartenders who also do a wonderful job with standards such as the Martini and the Sazerac. Coquette's wine list offers nice variety in a wide array of tastes and prices. Oenophiles might balk at the small number of choices, and indeed some thoughtful expansion could improve the wine list. But on the whole, Coquette lives up to its growing reputation as both a hip wine bar and a place to enjoy some innovative and delicious food.I've eaten at Coquette twice, and enjoyed my entrees both times. Service is attentive and punctual, and I enjoy the ambiance (remember when the place was Takumi, an overpriced sushi bar with icy AC and obnoxiously loud 80s music?). Desserts are yummy too, but I wasn't a fan of the tasteless beignets. Cocktails are inventive and reasonably priced, though!I had the pleasure of having dinner at Coquette for the first time last night.  It was nothing short of amazing!
The atmosphere is warm and beautiful, with warm, low lighting and rich, beautiful woodwork.  I highly recommend it for a nice date night.  I probably wouldn't go there for a first date, but for a 4th or later, it would be perfect.
My date and I both enjoy great food and are quite adventurous, so we decided to go with the Blind Tasting.  It's pricey at $70, but I felt it was well worth it for the amount and quality of food, and the creativity of the dishes.
We had 7 courses.  The highlights were the chicken fried sweetbreads with celery, fennel and hot sauce which had me literally moaning with every bite, and also the seared sea scallops with pork belly, beet jam and marinated kale.
Other courses included a market vegetable salad, butternut squash cavatelli and beef cheeks over stone ground oatmeal.  Again, everything was great and I especially loved how their menu changes daily based on what they can get fresh, with a focus on buying local.
The only course that didn't wow me was dessert.  I don't have a clear memory what it was.  I think it was some kind of ice cream and it was topped with Lucky Charms shaped merinque pieces.  It wasn't bad, but just an o.k. end to what was one of the best meals I've had in a very long time.
The service was very attentive without being overly so.  The timing between courses was perfect.  The owner came out and chatted with us for a good while.  I was impressed that when I was talking about how much I loved the sweetbreads, in true Macy's Santa Clause fashion he said..."You want to know where to get the best sweetbreads?", then at the same time we both proclaimed..."La Boca!!"
Although such an amazing night out isn't something one can do regularly, I'm really looking forward to trying it soon for both lunch, as well as their happy hour specials!We got lucky and were walking by when hungry last month. Someone walking out told us it's very good and had a lunch Prixe Fix menu for ...was it 20.00? I'm still dreaming of the chocolate munchkin dessert...amazing textures, warm and cool...not to sweet..with the mint ice cream..mmmm... I think it was the best dessert I've ever been served. I loved the presentation! The Prixe Fix lunch is an amazing deal. But, it would have been an amazing meal even without the Prixe Fix. I had shrimp & grits with fried oyster appetizer. Beautiful presentation, non-rushed atmosphere. I enjoyed every bite and it's given me a chocolate -minty dream to dream about on days like today.The most amazing experience...we had a small wedding with our wedding dinner to follow in coquette's charming private room. The food was absolutely delicious (we are a tough crowd to impress) and service was equally amazing. We appreciate how tough a crowd of 40 can be to serve but they did it seamlessly.This place is perfect. Service is so good. Words can't do justice to the food, so I won't even try. Just go there. Your NOLA experience won't be complete without it.had Sunday brunch here today. we came in soaking wet after getting caught in downpour on the walk. The hostess expressed some sympathy and offered us a couple towels which was much appreciated. 
Our server was very pleasant and knowledgeable about all of their offerings. The cocktails were creative and refreshing. We ordered the eggs Benedict and the pork cheeks. The eggs were absolutely perfect and the hashbrowns harboured the perfect amount of spice. the pork cheeks were bursting with flavor and the grits were excellent. 
This place was upscale but not pretentious. The prices were steep, but the food was nothing short perfect.  Some websites say the dress code is casual here, but you'd feel out of place in T-shirt and jeans.When I go out to eat, I am looking for something I either technically can't or won't make. Coquette year after year exceeds my expectations. The chef combines the freshest of local ingredients in unusual ways to great explosions of delight in each bite. Standouts today were the roasted carrot salad with kohlrabi and the coffee cured, smoked cobra with dill creme fraiche. Spectacular.The duck was perfect, tender with a fantastic balsamic based sauce. Also had roasted chicken that was cooked to perfection with another great sauce, for appetizers we had hot chicken which I recommend and the sweet potatoes which were good but not as great as the rest of the meal. Service was prompt and efficient but not too much in your face. Too full to look at the dessert menu.Went there with high hopes and good recommendations. Yikes! First let's start with their version of gazpacho. They have a different take on it -- don't you tell people that? Can't say it was terrible, but it wasn't gazpacho. Had I known, would have gotten something else. 
Service was terrible -- friendly, but pretty sure my first server entered the witness protection program after taking our order (which was at least 20 minutes after being seated). The next was equally friendly but clueless about what we ordered. 
For entree I got the lamb "chateaubriand." it was nice, but they never gave me a real knife so I had t fight it. I would have asked for a knife (which I shouldn't have to do) but I never saw anyone to ask. 
All in all, with a relatively inexpensive wine (wine list is mostly obscure, but a few good nuggets at reasonable prices), total meal was $250 for 2 and in excess of 3 hours. At $100/person, there a just so many good places in New Orleans (in Uptown!) that I can't imagine why you'd waste your time at Coquette.Hands down the best and smoothest old fashioned I have ever had, the food was great and the restaurant has a great atmosphere for such a small location. Went with in laws for brunch, great red fish crudo and butterscotch pudding with bacon blondie, the bacon flavor was amazing. The shrimp and grits were just ok, just par for down here. Mortadella sandwich was a first for me, but very good.At first, I was intimidated by the price of this place, but it was well worth it. The food and service was wonderful during Sunday morning brunch. I was unsure of how some of the unusual flavor combinations would ultimately work out, and in the end I was pleasantly surprised. I had the open face pastrami sandwich and although a bit pricey for the size, the freshness and flavors made every penny worth it. The only reason I didn't rate five stars instead of four is because one of the workers was drinking on the job on the floor. I'm not sure if management is okay with that, but it seemed a bit unprofessional.Outstanding 5 course dinner with wine pairings. Chef and sommelier both know what they're doing. Great variations on shrimp and grits, tuna sashimi, smoked pork with roasted beets and chow chow. Some obscure wines and some traditional with a perfect focus on complementary pairings. Will definitely come back when back in NOLA.This is an example of how much good service can make a difference in a dining experience.  We went there for lunch on a Thursday afternoon and Craig made sure that we were taken care of.  He really seemed to care about making sure that we had a good time and was happy to answer all of our questions about the menu and the drink selection (both of which have some very unique offerings).  Plus, it was clear that he was enjoying himself and that makes the whole meal that much better.
This location has changed hands a few times recently but hopefully Coquette will stick around for a while because it is a nice addition to the restaurant scene.  I would say the highlights of what we tried were the roasted oysters and the redfish.  I think they change up there menu seasonally but if either of these are on it when you go, definitely try them.
I have not been there for dinner but I would be interested in trying it out.New favorite restaurant in New Orleans!  Great menu items. Great drinks.  Great service.  Nice setting/atmosphere.  The local vegetables were so good.  Really enjoyed my evening here.Summary: Go Thursday for $5 cocktails.  Eat everything being offered.  It's just as awesome as it can get.
I had read about Coquette for well over a year before I departed from the heat of Magazine Street and into the cool, quaint yet formidable décor of what may be now my favorite restaurant in any city.  Fresh off my flight from New York, I forced myself against my tired body to pay the $1.25 streetcar far and walked for ten minutes through the subtle beauty of the Garden District.  The experience made my arrival at the steps of Coquette all the more welcoming, and the strongly recommended mode for travelling to this spot.
Perhaps I had read so much of Coquette before arriving that I had a predetermined, positive review of this restaurant before I had the first bite of the goat cheese stuffed squash.  Perhaps I badly wanted a restaurant that could compete with the goliaths of New York, but at southern prices, all whilst doing so behind ancient drooping oaks in a sleepy part of town lit by faux-gas lamp streetlights.  Perhaps.  Or perhaps this place is just what eating should be about: an overall incredible sensory experience without overload, and without overpaying for it.  There were no gas lamp streetlights, but it had everything else.
For lunch, I got the three course lunch: goat cheese stuffed squash, shrimp and grits, and chocolate cake with banana milkshake.  Each was in its own right deserving of a brag to friends with how good of a meal I just consumed.  But the stuffed squash and banana milkshake was ideal.  The shrimp and grits was eloquently prepared, no doubt, but was not the type of dish which blew me away.
I came on a Thursday, when cocktails are $5.  I normally opt for beer, wine and straight liquor, but with the opportunity to have the local Sazerac along with a "Squeaky Door," you would be choosing poorly in ignoring the daily options.  My favorite was the "Low Country Sour," a drink featuring genever, ginger snap, lemon, egg white (egg white?? yes!) and bitters.  My recommendation is just ask the bartender what is good that day, and he'll offer up a (cheap yet) fantastic surprise.
My lunch experience was so great that I came back for dinner four nights later.  I was seated at 10:00 PM on a Sunday (albeit during Jazz Fest), and when I left there were still genuine smiles on our waitress's face and patrons still laughing over half drunk bottles of wine.  I had the smoked drum salad (with horseradish and ghost pepper caviar), which is strongly recommended along with the aforementioned goat cheese stuffed squash.  The "fried" chicken was different - a fried skinned chicken, with a succulence that could only come from having baked the chicken.  It was different, and how it was pulled off I am not too sure.  
Our waitress then enticed us with her odd yet seductive humor into ordering various desserts.  Having polished off several beers, cocktails and an awesome glass of port, details became fuzzy, senses beautifully dull, and a calming sense of euphoria setting in, I don't remember what was eaten at the end of the meal.  All I know is that as I left that restaurant on that Sunday midnight, walking into the balmy air of the crescent city, I knew that this restaurant was, without question, one of the better this world has to offer.Coquette is another Irish Channel gem, but with a few flaws. I have only been to Coquette for Sunday brunch (which I believe no longer exists) and happy hour drinks --- read this review through this lens. 
One Star - GREAT, EXCELLENT, WONDERFUL FOOD. This food was really quite delicious. Mad props to the Chef who put together the brunch menu, the drink menu, and every morsel in between. Coquette really does hold a high standard for excellent food. 
Two Stars - Great drinks... creative drinks with $5 wine nights on Wednesdays and $5 cocktail nights on Thursdays! 
Three Stars - beautiful building set in the Irish Channel. 
Minus Two Stars - The timing on our brunch was very off. A three course brunch took close to 3 hours to eat. We enjoyed ourselves, and our extremely amicable waiter, but we spent a lot of time at the table. I want to go back and have a different experience very soon!Great spot. We did a Cemetary and Garden District tour yesterday morning and had brunch at Coquette after the tour. First class meal and service. Would highly recommend it.The best part of this experience, in my opinion, was the catfish appetizer.  The others in the group, however, did not agree as they did not have any compliments. 
The wait staff had difficulty knowing who ordered what, be it cocktails or food items. Further, the staff did not know where to place the silverware in front of each person; another staff member came right over and moved each person's fork, spoon and knife. 
When it came to the dishes, our responses were "where's the food?"  The bisque, crab, lamb, duck, beef, fish, etc. were ridiculously small but each came with a hefty price. 
When it came time for dessert & coffee we had to ask for cream & sugar.  Our cups were not even filled anywhere near the top nor was the coffee hot. Staff did not come back to even ask if we wanted more coffee. It seemed as if they were rationing the coffee, milk & cream.  I poured the little bit of extra cream we had  to get another cup of coffee, but no one ever came. 
There are far too many really good New Orleans restaurants. This is Not One. Extremely expensive and we all left hungry ( our group several shared table dishes plus each person had a first course, entree and dessert)!
Very very disappointing. If you're looking for a wonderful experience with great service and delicious food, go someplace else, eat well and leave happy and full!  
All in all this was not a good experience. 
We could NEVER RECOMMEND this place unless you want to make sure you get ripped off.I love the atmosphere at this fine establishment and the food is exquisite. They use mostly local ingredients and the staff is very knowledgable in their products.  I had a very good experience dining at this resteraunt and especially loved the host she was amazing and I never had a better experience being seated in my entire existence on this planet.How in the world do I review the best restaurant experience I've ever had? A love letter, I think. Because nothing else will do.
Oh, Coquette. I saw you from afar so many times. I lusted over your amazing architecture. I wanted to touch you, feel you and experience you. One fateful day I got the chance. I was not disappointed.
With you, I've had the very best and most personal customer service I've ever had. Your owner is kind, has a great sense of humor and so engaging.
You are so beautiful. I'm a little jealous of the stunning bar and lovely tables in here. Beautiful isn't strong enough to describe you, really. Out of this world gorgeous is getting kind of close. 
The menu changes daily according to what you can get fresh and I love that about you. I had a lovely pickled watermelon and shrimp appetizer which I'm sure sounds strange but was so damn awesome.  For my main course it was the red snapper and it was just delicious.
Coquette, you have my undying love. I'll be back to see you soon and often.Loved this place. The fried chicken (which I would never normally order) was unreal. They poach the chicken, wrap it in thigh skin and then flash fry so you get this crispy clean juicy breast with zero grease. We also had the beef tartar and it was amazing. E hanger steak was cooked to perfection and the wine list was great and very affordable. 
Erin was our waitress and was delightful. So sweet, knowledgable and helpful. If the desert was also perfect then I would have given 5 stars. 
Perfect place for a date nite!I had a delicious fish dish at the bar but the service was terrible! The bartenders didn't ask one time if we wanted water or a cocktail, etc. They didn't acknowledge you and say 'be with you in a minute' 
Just no eye contact until you flagged them down. I was with 2 other people & they felt the same that service was poor.Based on the reviews on Yelp, we were looking forward to our meal here greatly, and this is why it's hard not going with the majority of people on this one.
Let's begin with the positive. I wish the bartender here a long and happy life, cause the drinks were amazing. The Sazerac was perfect. I had the Arawak which was quite possibly the best cocktail I have had in New Orleans. It was a combination of Rhum Barbancourt, byrrh, ginger syrup, lime and lime peel.
Now for the not so positive. We reserved a 9:45pm seating on Open Table. At the time we had no idea this was timed near closing on weekend night. When we got in we were one of the few tables there and it was becoming clear by how our server Chloe was kind of pushing us to put in our drink and dinner order in at the same time, that the natives were getting restless. I get it, I've worked in the industry, and this was that hour where the staff wanted out, they start hanging out at the bar and talking loudly amongst themselves just waiting for the last table to get out. The thing is don't offer a 9:45 reservation, if you plan on treating the table differently than the others.
When we first sat down, there was water dripping on our table from the A/C unit or ceiling. The server acknowledged this, said these things happen, and said she'd be by to wipe it down, but that didn't happen, so we physically moved the table ourselves to keep from dripping into the plates. My friend ordered a Market Vegetable Salad (citrus, cashew puree, olive praline) and we shared it as an appetizer. The bread they offered the table too was quite delicious. Unfortunately, we weren't quite done, and they took our plates away, saying they had other food coming. I started to feel annoyed because I wanted to finish what I had on my appetizer plate.
They brought out our entrees, and my vegetarian friend who had put in a specific order with requested vegetables, ended up with the cooked version of the Market Vegetable salad again. Another friend was not quite satisfied with his Shaved Foie Gras (flavorless), and I did not say much cause I spent 30 minutes chewing on duck breast. Not chewing in enjoyment, just chewing to digest it. I am used to tender duck, not so much chewy rubber duck. The shrimp and grits dish however, I thought was one of the better offerings.
When the staff came by to ask how we were, we were lucky that they could read our sad and vulnerable faces, and replaced two of the dishes. They offered us some fantastic birthday desserts, including a Milk Chocolate Mousse with salted caramel, peanut butter sorbet. The crust layer under the mousse tasted like Kit Kats! We also got a strawberry dessert that showcased a strawberry sorbet, now I know what they locals mean when they talk about the freshness and sweetness of Louisiana strawberries.
I can understand the many high star reviews for Coquette, we may have been there on an off night, there were friendly servers in the group that served us that night, and I understand many reviews are for their excellent lunch three course menu, which I would likely come back for.Came here for lunch with my in-laws when they were visiting town in October.  Very good food and friendly service.  Good-sized portions and reasonable prices put this place high on my list of places to take out-of-town visitors.I'm actually a little surprised that there's not a review for Coquette here - but I guess I'll do the first one!
Coquette is located on Magazine and Washington right across from the Starbucks on Washington. The dining area is small yet cozy, there's a large bar, and I would guess maybe around 15 tables. The chef was a former sous chef at Restaurant August (so you know it's going to be good) and I believe people were saying a lot of the waitstaff used to work at Commander's Palace, which is down the street. The decor was wonderful - very elegant yet casual at the same time. Lots of wood paneling, mirrors, kitchen tile, brick walls and a dark grey ceiling. The bar is stained wood with three crystal chandeliers hanging from underneath. French music plays in the background, the day I went there was Edith Piaf playing. All of that ties in the atmosphere of a French restaurant perfectly.
Onto the food - I only came here for lunch when my friends and I spotted this place as we grabbed some coffee at Starbucks and it's delicious and the prices were reasonable! We ordered the shrimp and grits, Croque Madame, and Steak and Fries. I had the steak and fries - which was a flat iron steak covered with reduced shallots (absolutely delicious) and homemade fries. The fries are probably the best I've ever had - perfectly salted and a little soggy  - (I love soggy fries. You know the one or two soggy fries you would find in McDonald's fries? It's like a big serving of them. I was in heaven) with a side of aioli. The Croque Madame was wonderfully cooked with citrus mustard inside which gave it a nice tang with a small bibb salad on the side with walnuts. Shrimp and grits was good according to my friend (who wouldn't share). For lunch all was nicely priced - Steak and Fries were 15, Shrimp and grits were 16, and the Croque madam was 10. Pretty decent sized portions - I'm a pretty big guy and my entree filled me up. 
Onto dessert - apparently the chef is nutella addicted. Nutella-filled crepes, beignets, Creme Brulee, bread pudding with vanilla ice cream - can't beat that. 
The menu revolves around every week or so it seems - a new fish or new cut of meat is offered. No lie, I love this place.I came to Coquette on a date recently with a guy who, like me, is kind of a rube/country bumpkin/poor person. We immediately were sat in the empty upstairs dining room even though there were plenty of seats downstairs. I'm sure that there is a reason for this that is not that we looked like rubes but I definitely projected my own insecurities onto it, which were TOTALLY VALIDATED throughout the meal.
Like I said, the upstairs was completely empty, except for the 8 or 9 people waiting on us.  There were so many people! It was very confusing because they all looked the same (great looking young white people in really flattering black attire who glow because they probably drink a lot of juices who don't smile so they won't ever get lines on their faces) and everyone who came by stood in such a place that neither of us could really see them without totally turning around in our chairs, which was just awkward.  I know that's very minor but I had no idea who to ask for anything and they were soooo unwelcoming and cold that I was certain that if they were not one of the 10 or 11 people that was waiting on us they would be insulted.  
Oh and the worst part is that we were having trouble deciding what to get, and instead of doing that thing where the server is helpful (do you like___? I can recommend ___), our waitress (one of at least 16 of them, I swear) actually just made fun of my date for taking too long.   I'm a comedian-- I get jokes, and this wasn't really a joke, it was more just needlessly mean.  It got so uncomfortable that by the entree I wanted to run out of there with the soft-shell crab I eventually ordered hanging out of my mouth with my arms flailing in exactly the same way as the crab's.
The food was fine. I'd rather go somewhere where anyone at all is welcoming.I love this restaurant more than life itself. My husband and I have gone to this restaurant so many times, mostly for lunch. The lunch portions are just right. The flavors are beyond this world. This place is perfect for dates and intimate settings. Everything on the menu is good!!! The restaurant is small but that's what I love about it. Nice bar area. This place delivers awesome service. I've heard from the waiters that many celebrities who are in town come to this place, but I don't come here for its popularity. I come here because my life depends on it. 
Reservations are recommended.I love this neighborhood on Magazine street but unfortunately both times I have been disappointed. We had the tasting menu once that was very pork forward that we didn't care for. We came a different time to try a la carte fish filets and were unimpressed as well. Pricey, small portions and not the friendliest service. For the price, we like Emeril's and Cavan much better on Magazine.My guy and I had the 3 course lunch menu and (as other reviews mentioned) it was FABULOUS! I am a gal who knows pork (please avoid placing the obligatory dirty joke here. :) and the pork main (pork belly wrapped in crisp lettuce) that my boyfriend had was possibly the BEST piece of pork I've EVER HAD! . . . I had the shrimp and grits, which, while not equally as amazing, was yummy as well. Top that off with beignets for dessert that were melt in your mouth delish! 50 MILLION times better than Cafe Du Monde!
We shared a glass of the bacon bourbon. A big thank you to the waiter for recommending it. 
With the reasonably priced 3 course lunch and great food, this place is wonderful for a relaxing afternoon lunch date! . . . ENJOY!Stopped in for drinks and some small plates at the bar.
The cocktails were on point, the cheese plate was delish, but omg, the caramelized banana with house made peanut butter ice cream and coconut desert was fantastic.
Their menu changes daily so idk if it'll be around for a while but if you have a chance to order that desert you won't be disappointed!One of our favorite spots in nola!  Great for special occasions or just going out for a delicious meal. Wait staff is professional, courteous, and knowledgable.  Fine dining at a reasonable price.  The menu changes daily and is worth the surprise!Five star experience all the way!
Wins:
- Service was spot on from the hostess, to our server to the timing of the dishes being brought to the table. Our server was knowledgeable, friendly and helped guide us through the menu.
- The food was amazing!
- They serve a delicious spicy Bloody Mary for brunch
- Great decor / build out
Overall, I would say Coquette is a home run for brunch. It's great for a romantic date or a place to meet friends who want a truly memorable meal.Came here for lunch with my parents over Labor Day Weekend.
Decided to all do the 3-course lunch special because, for $23, that's a steal!
We were early for our reservation and it was raining horizontally outside, so, patrons were waiting it out and delaying their leave, in hopes of waiting for the rain to die down. As a result, there wasn't a table that was avaialable so we would have to wait a little for a table to free up. 
The restaurant handled all this very professionally and got us seated as quickly as possible.
To drink, I had the NOLA Rebirth Beer. It was a perfect beer to drink on a rainy day in New Orleans.
For the 1st course, all three of us opted for the pork and mustard green gumbo. Oh my goodness gracious.....you might as well just call this masterpiece, Bacon Soup. The broth was so flavorful and just had that salty goodness bacon taste. There was so much flavor in this soup, I wanted it in an IV.
For the 2nd course, the 'rents ordered the Wild Catfish, while I opted for the Shrimp and Grits. I'm not a huge catfish fan, but, thought their catfish was rather tasty. It was lightly fried so you could still get the taste of the fish. The Shrimp and Grits that I had were very tasty indeed. They had a really nice spice to them and all the flavors were perfectly balanced.
For the 3rd course, my dad opted for the Chocolate Pots du Creme (as he is a chocolate addict) and my mother and I opted for the Cornbread Funnel Cake with Blueberry Thyme Ice Cream. The pots du creme was good and had a nice mint flavor. I'm not a huge fan of funnel cakes, so, I ignored that aspect and went straight for the blueberry thyme ice cream. The thyme added a really lovely savory component to the dish which I enjoyed.
Overall, dining at Coquette was a most pleasant experience.
Should I find myself in the Garden District in NOLA in the future, I'll stop in for some more of that BACON SOUP!This saavy uptown restaurant has one of the most impressive liquor selections in all of new Orleans, a must see for any imbiber.Yes, indeed, this restaurant is an alluring temptress.  Wow what a meal!  We started with the fried chicken and the gulf shrimp, grits and chorizo.  Simply splendid in every gastronomic sense.  Next we had the pork cheeks which, again, just blew us away.  The bitterness of the rapini coupled with the sweetness of the figs and the saltiness of the pork created a very tasty dish.
We finished the meal with the la meringata with chocolate inside.  The heartless chef killed my diet.  You can't miss here.  The service is warm, fun and classy.  The atmosphere is simply spectacular with high ceilings, interesting decor and lovely chandeliers.  This is a memorable night out for anyone.Best meal I ever had. The 5 course blind tasting menu was superb! Really wonderful atmosphere as well. They also were very accommodating to my better halve's dairy allergy!Nice place. Nice ambiance. Good service.
I cannot rate a restaurant more than 3 starts if I cannot remember the dish I ate. I ate fish I think, which was ordinary. No wow!Last night I had some absolutely amazing fried chicken with pimento cheese ravioli and collard green slaw.  Not to mention the best non-traditional gumbo I've ever had: smoked pork gumbo topped with strips of crispy pig ear and a poached egg.  I would go back any day.  Well done guys.
The reason for 4 not 5 stars is that my wife had a fried shrimp dish with a strange flavor profile that was a little unfortunate... somewhere between old scallions and extremely strong tarragon or something.  Not great, but her fish with buttermilk was quite nice.What a nice surprise!  Great lunch with farm to table delights!  Will go back when back in Nola for sure!  Great service too!BEST FOOD EVER! It's pretty, it's delicious & served by a friendly staff! I've been here multiple times and have yet to be disappointed!Just a delightful, bright space on a cool street with a huge selection of drinks and creative dishes. Had a wonderful lunch on a sunny spring day, and yes, I had the sweetbreads and didn't want to leave. Highly recommended.I found the salmon small plate to be a tad too salty but I am told it's supposed to be.
I don't have an educated pallet by any means so I can only speak from that. Anyways, the waitress kept the drinks coming, had gin and tonics with generous amounts of gin for such a tiny glass. I had the duck entree which was served over rice. It was incredible! Best duck I've ever had and I don't what was in that rice but it was such a great accompaniment. Desert (mine at least) was not good. Bannana cream pie. The crust tasted like an old cookie. As if they just get these shamefully small pies out the freezer and slap it on a plate with some caramel to make it look fancy. My date, however; had the cheesecake and it was delicious. I give five stars to this place because for every one thing I did not enjoy, they had something else to make up for it. So really just boils down to my own tastes and shouldn't reflect the restaurant. Very expensive though. Worth it? Mostly I'd say.Wonder ambiance, easy location on Magazine, good service with a food that is good although not mind blowing.
No on the sweetbreads, having it fried takes away so much from such a succulent organ. 
The butter squash cavatelli was a very pleasant experience, do try it.
Both the Duck and the Red snapper were okay. 
A good date place.I went here for dinner tonight and everything including food, service and ambiance was great. We ordered the catfish dip, snapper and new york strip, all of which were really good. The dip is a must try. The snapper's sauce was really good but also a bit rich at the same time and was hard to eat the whole dish. The fish itself was good perfectly. Light and flaky. The ribeye sauce was delicious. There were too many radishes as part of the side though, I wish they had been something else (or maybe they were sour cherries?).My parents came to town for a few days, so we did sort of a marathon restaurant experience thing for a few days. Of the three we went to (all of which make most New Orleans top 10 lists) Coquette was the standout. The food was delicious, unexpected and not too fussy. I see why so many people are in love with this place.Food was a little salty but I'd still give it 5 stars. Best bread in Nola. I had duck which was amazingly tender.  The bartender did an excellent job with my favorite drink, whiskey sour w/ egg whites. The only complaint is the service was underwhelming.  They lacked the attentiveness that should accompany such great food.What a upscale casual gem of a find. I love the interior of this building with its exposed brick and chandeliers. The wait staff was friendly and quick. We dined on the fried chicken with spicy peach sauce, buttermilk ranch, pickled baby summer squash with cilantro, what a wonderful combination of flavors. However we wish that there was more spicy peach sauce to dredge your chicken through with every bite. It was the combination of all the flavors combined that made the dish. We also enjoyed the lamb with the summer vegetables mixed in a sauce with cilantro. We ended our dinner with a study in Caramel, it got an A+! It was a delicious sweet treat of a cookie and Caramel  with dolce de leche.Unexpected change of plans brought us here. What a great stop and great food. Loved the smoked Cobia and the rabbit pasta. Great ambiance. A great choice away from the typical big names and tourist stops.I found Coquette en route to Domilise's for legendary po'boys. But as the name suggests, I was seduced inside-the little minx.  I can't believe that this place used to be an auto parts store (the bartender told me).  The long bar just screams fun so I asked to sit there.  I noticed quickly that this was THE place for the real housewives of Nola to lunch.  The rocks were out!
At the bartender's suggestion, I ordered the lobster bisque and roasted oysters.  The bisque was wonderfully silky and rich in flavor with hunks of lobster at the center.  The pieces of lobster could have been a little smaller I don't think a knife has any place on a soup bowl.  
The oysters were a half dozen of briny, savory bites of the sea.  The meat was plump and tender and topped by a sprinkling of parmesean, horseradish and bacon.  
I was too full to try the desserts but the panna cotta sounded amazing.  
I wish I'd known about Coquette before because I would have been sure to try dinner here.The lunch was so good, I had the Shrimp and Grits and it was the best of all that I tried throughout the city..... wonderful flavor. Very nice ambiance, good service. We really enjoyed being in this restaurant and they also have outdoor tables. The $20 lunch ia a great value. Also a good selection of wines.Enjoyed the best meal of my NOLA trip right here at Coquette.  Party of 1 at 8:30pm, this place is filled with young to middle aged working professionals.  I came here on a hunch after reviewing the many glossy Yelp reviews and it was well outside the French Quarter tourist traps.  
Decided to go a la carte:  Fried Oysters for Appetizer, Pork Cheeks for Main, Chocolate Pudding for finisher.   They do have a pre-fixe menu but I couldn't see myself gulping down 7 courses after having jambalaya earlier that day.
All of the food was amazing, but the prize winner of the night was the Pork Cheeks - highly recommended by the waiter.  After several lush-ful bites of this, I couldn't quite put my nose on what the starch was.  It's creamy, it's thick, it's substantial . . not polenta . . not pasta. . it's OATMEAL the waiter answered.  Oatmeal with molasses.  Coming from San Francisco, I have never had such a savory dish that included oatmeal in it's recipe.   The pork cheeks were nice and tender, full of flavor.  Yes - I ate every last bite. 
I debated coming back a second night but the eccentric food outlets NOLA had to offer made me want to taste test all over the city.  On a Tuesday night, this place was well packed and buzzing with energy.  
Service is unpretentious, ambiance is friendly (a bit dark suited for steamy, seductive looks) and parking is very easy.Spent 90$ on a charcuterie plate, a starter plate, pork cheek entree,and one cocktail. The shrimp in my starter plate were undercooked. Included in the price were both slow service and a rude waiter (he was annoyed that we didn't order dessert). Go to Luke's instead.Service was awesome and they made us an interesting shot on the house after I ordered a couple rounds of Tuaca. They have an interesting menu and the food was fresh.Every dish I had was good. PLEASE try the sweetbread and the blood sausage.Stop reading the various reviews trying to decide whether to go or not.  Shut your computer off and just go to Coquette!!  NOW!
We just came back from dinner and the food and service were FABULOUS!!  We started of with the Covey Rise salad - blanched fresh veggies, then on to the entree.  My wife had the Black Drum and I had the Duck Breast, both were easily some of the best meals we've had in NOLA.  Whatever you have for dinner you can't go wrong, but save room for dessert and make sure you get the Strawberry Cream.  It's a house-made strawberry rollup injected with real cream, with strawberry sorbet and finely diced strawberries covering it.  This isn't one of those leathery rollups you buy at a mini mart with Cool Whip squirted on it.  This is something you could easily have 17 of, and still want more!!
Seriously, just go.  Right now.  If you don't like it, I'll buy.   No really, just forward me the receipt and I'll reimburse you. Yes, it is that good!!  Oh, one more thing.  Ask to sit in Kaylie's section.Amazing food; a bit pricey, but totally worth it.
In this cozy restaurant they have some of the best food I've ever eaten.  The menu is not particularly exotic, but everything I had was done perfectly!  I started with the gazpacho, dined on the duck and finished with the chocolate mouse.  All three were very small, but exceptional.
The service is good and the atmosphere is on the fancier side.  The prices are high, but the tasty food makes it worthwhile.  I would love to dine here again!I do not know how you do it Chef Michael! Everything you dream up works so well. Sometimes I scratch my head and wonder why these beautiful combination of flavors are just now getting their moment in the spotlight. I still dream of the fried chicken, butternut squash, cavatelliGreat drinks, tasty food. Lots of options for meat eaters and veggies. The seafood salad was amazing. Nice service too, with a romantic ambiance. Great for a date.We had a wonderful dinner here! The dishes are so inventive. A very romantic little spot with beautiful architecture and interior. The cocktails were fantastic as were the small and large plates, however the small plates are just that-very very small. We love small portions so this wasn't an issue for us, however if you're expecting to fill up on one, two or even three small plates, think again. The small plates are more like tasting menu sizes and they are delicious! You won't be disappointed by the quality or the presentation, both are extraordinary.It's unfortunate that I came here for expertly prepared offal options, and the timing of my visit coincided with their shift to a majority of mainstreamed offerings. The tongue and cheek options I had ogled on their online menu that morning were nowhere to be seen. Disappointment aside, I opted to stay since all the rave reviews had me looking forward to good eats. Let me preface this with, "Yes, I probably had an atypical experience", but really I can only review the daisy chain of clusterfxck we went through.
The tables were average in size, and the placement of its feet made it difficult to shift chairs to one side. After being seated immediately, I discovered that my forearm was being waterboarded at 5-second intervals by condensation blowing from an HVAC vent. I asked if we could move, as there were quite a number of free tables. "There's no point, a lot of the tables get hit. I'll bring over a napkin to wipe you off." No napkin arrived. Not all tables were directly under a vent. Could we perhaps sit at the bar three feet away? "No, the bar is closed." So we four diners physically shifted our table into the aisle by less than a foot, just so the drip hit my bread plate instead of me.
Table bread was warm and crusty, which I was grateful for, since without it I would have felt like I was in prison. Sazerac was deliciously traditional, Arawak was intriguingly herbal, and the Scenic Route was a brightly well-balanced cocktail. Market vegetable salad was okay. Our appetizer plates were forcibly cleared over protest, to make way for entrees.
The vegetarian dining companion asked for a collection of sides described on the menu as accompaniments to other dishes. I would have been unsurprised if they had come back to us and declined on kitchen policy, but the server said "sure" and what got served was a sauteed market vegetable salad, plated differently.
Duck breast was a bit overcooked, with the skin under-rendered. A shame since the seasoning and saucing were good. My pig ear garnish has been cooked just past crunchy into hard, but my shrimp and grits were actually heartily satisfying so I made no remarks since sending it back would mean watching our server roll her eyes again. Shaved foie gras was an interesting play on sweet-savory richness, served cool with maple syrup accents; unfortunately this was not what the orderer had in mind, so it got sent back. Around this time, I see 30 feet away, our server was tagging in someone else by gesturing to our table in a pretty clear "you deal with it" wave. The white asparagus soup that replaces it was just okay.
Desserts were served without silverware. There were none on the other tables and no one around to flag down. The only friendly person we'd spoken with so far emerges in time to sprint over with silverware as I start eating with my hands in desperation to finish and leave the meal that's left us fifty shades of unhappy. Strawberries and cream were super fresh in fruit and generously melty sorbet. The chocolate mousse with salted caramel was similarly divine with mixed textures: silkiness over a base of nougaty wafer, and a complementing quenelle of ice cream set in a mound of powdered peanut. If not for dessert, cocktails, and grits, this would have been a less than okay dinner.
It's not a large space and had circumstances been different, the intimate vibe would normally have had me fantasizing about bellying up to the bar on the regular if I were local. We were the second to last table of the night, and though we didn't linger over any of our plates, it became exceedingly clear that they wanted us the hell out of there. I rarely let poor service bother me. But when unhappy servers treat you like shit, the rudeness slowly percolates into your psyche.First of all, this is a beautiful restaurant. I sat at the bar, so I can only speak to that. I had great service. My food was really good - sausage and crab with summer squash, but I only have four stars because I thought it was a bit overpriced for the amount of food, and there wasn't very much crab on my plate. BUT, it really was delicious, and I would imagine their other menu items are delicious as well!Coquette is fine dining establishment with a focus on fresh and seasonal food but the portions are usually on the smaller side.  The service has always been good but the seating can be a bit tight downstairs.  My main complaint, other than the smaller portions, is that the food is sometimes a bit on the blander side of the New Orleans spice scale and might need a little more kick in some dishes.  
This is a nice lunch spot (I prefer sitting at the bar for lunch) but I've always found the lunch entree portions to be less than I need to fill me up so do plan on dining on multiple courses (and that can be enjoyable with the different selections here like the multi-course specials).  The dinner portions are a bit better and the bar is also well known for making creative cocktails (and being a popular happy hour spot with some discerning cocktails fans).  I've also attended some enjoyable private parties here, in the upstairs dining room.  This establishment is very near to where I live but it usually isn't the first spot that pops in my mind when I'm considering a fine dining establishment but their frequently changing menu based on fresh seasonal ingredients makes it a good choice when I'm in the mood for something a bit different.Great place! We had a reservation but had to add one person and they happily and quickly accommodated us! Shared the steak and it was great! The beef noodle small plate was my favorite of the night! Our waiter was the best and gave every detail of every dish!We had dinner at the Coquette on December 22, 2015. It was delightful. The Servise is impeccable. The philosophy they employ is to serve locally grown ingredients, such approach is very close to my idea of a good restaurant. Their menu changes daily. We try three appetizers, fried oysters, carrots and squid, and pork meatball in the beef broth. (They had fancier names and descriptions). All three were prepared with a great skill. I would recommend this place for someone who knows a lot about food and doesn't expect big portions for their meals.One of my favorite places in New Orleans. My husband and I have visited twice, doing the tasting menu both times.  They offer a 5 course tasting menu for $70, and offer an optional wine pairing.   Both visits, we had an excellent experience, with fantastic food and great service.  On our most recent visit, we even received 2 additional courses, a large shared appetizer plate of roasted vegetables, and an additional dessert course, a unique dish that was a play on "ants on a log," both of which were fantastic.  The 5 courses from the tasting menu seem to have been derived from their a la carte menu - with courses of crudite, risotto, speckled trout, poulet rouge, and a coconut panna cotta   Each course was fantastic, and served with impeccable timing.  We did not do the wine tasting during our most recent visit, but did on our initial visit, which we really enjoyed at that time as well.   
This place is amazing - and will always be one of my top recommendations for restaurants in New Orleans.  The food is definitely not classic New Orleans cuisine, more contemporary in style, but impressive in presentation and creativity while not compromising great flavor.I'm not going to make you read a super long review. Lets just get down to it. Coquette is hands down one of the best restaurants that I've been to in New Orleans. Lets find out why.
Its a nice small place (like many places in NOLA), so I would try to avoid having super large parties. The menu changes so you know that the chefs work with what is in season and what they can get their hands on. The word FRESH comes to mind. Service was very good, we got seated, had our drinks served, etc with excellent timing. 
The FOOD! I usually order a lot of chicken, and its usually a hit or miss. Too dry or comes out just right. This place was more than just right, it was PERFECT. I've never had a piece of chicken so tender and moist. The steak was also very much on point. 
I don't think my family and I had a single complaint of the place. Grab someone and bring em on a date here or something (nice intimate setting)!Another great experience!! This time we went with a group of friends (instead of just me and my husband) and it was so much fun doing the blind tasting in a group :)After taking a $14 cab ride, dressing up for an early lunch at Commander's Palace and being turned away, my bf and I were disheartened.  With my handy smartphone, I used the 'Nearby' feature to track down some good eats in the vicinity.  A little weary for the pocketbook, I steered us toward Coquette and what a great find it was!
As previously mentioned, Coquette has a great lunch prix fixe menu for $20.  
APP:  I started with the fried oysters served with pickled peaches and topped with sprouts.  The dish was amazingly light and savory!  Who knew pickled peaches could accent fried oysters!  
MAIN:  My main dish was the pork belly lettuce wraps.  I was very impressed that the flavors were on par with Thai/Vietnamese lettuce wraps.  The wraps were served with the freshest Bib lettuce, pickled carrots, mint and cilantro alongside with a great dipping sauce.  I enjoyed the crisped pork belly with their sweet glaze, and reminisced about the Asian notes throughout this dish.  Well done!
DESSERT:  I chose the beignets with chocolate and caramel sauce.  These were just divine!  I read someone's review saying that they'd prefer these over Cafe du Monde's.  And I must say, I may actually agree...(don't hate!)  The beignets were light and poofy (looked like a cream puff actually).  Vanilla flavors escaped into every bite and finishing each bite in a choice of the two sauces....what a wonderful idea!
All of this for $20.  I'm really glad I stumbled into Coquette.  It was definitely one of my favorite meals in NOLA.  Service was great and atmosphere casual.  Good food doesn't always have to cost an arm and a leg, nor should it require formal dress code. :)Favorite restaurant in Nola. Fancier but not out of budget. Fresh, local, and seasonal menu. Refreshing, especially if you're looking to get out of the quarterQuick summary: Best meal in New Orleans! From the house-made and fresh baked ciabatta bread to the best fried chicken I had this side of the Mississippi! This place is legitimately a wonderful place to eat at! Biscuits were tender, moist, and warm. Best biscuits I've ever had! Amazing food, great ambiance, and on par service!The Pompano was delicious and the service was excellent. The Coconut Napoleon desert was quite tasty as well.We ended up here a Friday early afternoon for lunch totally at random. The place is wonderful (even though across the street from a gas station). The ceviche started was fresh tasty (more modern American than southern/Cajun). My main was the shrimp and grits. I am no connoisseur of this dish but I loved it: the ingredients are fresh,'the shrimp is delicious cooked just right, the fresh broccoli added crunch the grits are just beautiful (don't have grits often): creamy and also really tasty. The broth was a sort of burnt butter like roux is some sort. Good dish. The only thing is that I would have liked some kick to it. But overall a great experience to start a long weekend in Nola.(Visited 3/27/2010)  Found this place via Yelp while we were wandering around the Garden District...thank you Yelpers!  After reading the Yelp reviews and plugging the address into my GPS my girlfriend and I were rewarded with one of best dining experiences of this trip.  (They also use OpenTable.com for reservations).
I've been going to New Orleans every March for years but have never heard of Coquette.  Arriving just after noon, we were able to nab a perfect outdoor table on the side of the building under a tree and umbrella.  The weather was perfect.  
Having hit the local food and beverages hard the two days before, we decided we'd try to go a little light on the calorie intact.  After walking for nearly 4 miles, we decided to have a glass each of a Spanish Cava sparkling wine which was perfect for the weather and the mood.  Just in passing, we mentioned to our server (who was outstanding - more below) we were going to "split" and order of a roasted oysters appetizer and an order of fish and chips.   
The oysters were served excellently - hot, juicy with a wild onion topping.  Our server took the extra step to have the app ACTUALLY split in half with 3 oysters per plate resting attractively on course rock salt!  As an oyster lover (and glutton while in NO), I couldn't stop talking about these oysters all week.  
Next came the fish and chips, again thoughtfully separated for us on individual plates.  The fish was delish.  Period.  Light and fluffy with a tasty breading.  The great little twist on this dish was that it was served over a drizzle of Louisiana Hot Sauce reduced with sugar.  A little spicy, a little sweet but very tasty.  I could have eaten this meal my entire time there.
Back to the service which was definitely top notched.  Besides being very impressed with our own waiter, who seemed to know every detail about every menu item, we noticed the staff across the board was invested in their customers.  It was refreshing to see such cheerful teamwork.
We were enjoying ourselves so much that, while we skipped dessert (calories...); I had to have the sazerac advertised on their menu.  I recommend you do as well.  They also have a very extensive wine selection which unfortunately, other than the Cava, we didn't get to explore.
Our bill came to about $50 which is something of an inside joke to us.  For some reason, almost every meal we had in New Orleans came to about $50...this one was the best spent $50 of them all, though.
Make this a must stop if you are in the Garden District and let this place nudge you to escape Bourbon for awhile if you are not!Hot chicken and buttermilk ranch - amazing!!! Down south they know how it's done! Yum! Big fan of the cobia -delicious! Fingerling sweet potatoes- awesome! Fried oysters -get these- great!!
Speckled trout - overcooked and dry.. Avoid. Sweet pea agnolotti -so so. The duck... Omg.. Yes... Order this, perfectly cooked, delicious! Dry aged prime rib - this would have been delicious if it wasn't over cooked.. Which is a really sad thing for such a great cut. Overall service was ok and food on the plus side with a few exceptions. I would go back next time I'm in NOLA!DELICIOUS FOOD - EXCELLENT SERVICE - BEAUTIFUL PLACE. everything we ordered was delicious, and the pre fixe at $20 was extremely reasonable.Wow. I was with a party of four and we all had the blind tasting with wine pairing. I've been to many top restaurants and this is way up near the top of my list now. All four of us agreed that this is a place to come back to. All the staff were extremely knowledgeable and friendly and informative. I won't go into details of each dish because I understand the menu can can change daily. I will say that the chef and crew know how to combine ingredients and make amazing presentations that taste as good as they look.My boyfriend and his brother and I dined on June 7, 2015 @ 9:30pm. I walked in first with his brother. The hostess took one look at his brothers seeing-eye dog and asked if we would like to sit outside. NO, in New Orleans in June with a reservation, we did not want to sit outside! I could see toward the back of the restaurant, the table that was set and waiting for us. Then she tried to get us to sit in the front in the bar area. No again. She said she would have to get the manager, who came out and reluctantly allowed us the sit in the table they had set for us. Coquette, have you ever heard of ADA?
Let's move on to the meal. Appetizers fine. I had a thinly sliced fried chicken cutlet. It was OK. My boyfriend's brother and I both had the steak. It was over cooked and tough AND it was completely covered in peanuts, when no mention of them were on the menu. Odd combination, but especially when there are some people who are extremely allergic to nuts. It was terrible. They took it back and did not charge us for it.
We were celebrating a big birthday for my boyfriends brother. He had never been to New Orleans before and was loving it. In three full days of 2-3 meals a day and spending time at the music festival earlier that day, Coquette was singularly the ONLY place that never offered Frankie, the service dog, water. Let me remind you, that it was June. 
We were treated with contempt the entire time we were there. It was the most unpleasant experience of all time. I guess that is another award for you Coquette. 
I am writing this now because earlier I was on a Chowhound forum and I was asked why I would not recommend Coquette. It was too aggravating at the time to do so, but I thought I would spare others this misery.I give it two stars because the food was amazing but that was it for the good parts. I'm in agreement with everyone else who posted on this page that said the service was not good. I have to give the employees the benefit of the doubt though. They seemed profoundly unhappy, like they hate their jobs, also like they were a bit scared and that they just wanted us out of there.
When I first showed up, I asked the bartender if I could save some seats at the bar and he was cool with it. He immediately brought me the drink ordered. Great drink, fast service. That time and that time only did I or any of my friends get fast service.  The bartender disappeared for quite awhile after my other two friends got there and he never took my food order. Every time I tried to get his attention, he turned the other way. My friend politely got the manager's attention (pink checked shirt, glasses) and he came over. I asked him "Can I order some food?"
His response: "Well this IS a restaurant."
Me: "..."
It was snotty. It was a snotty thing to say in a snotty tone of voice and that's where everything went downhill. Another friend showed up and stood at the end of the bar waiting for a stool to open up. The hostess told her she would have to move away from the table she was standing by. My friend said that she would before the table showed up. Before that friend sat down, she tried to order from the bartender and was told that he couldn't server her food while she was standing. Wha??? He said that it was management's policy, not his. She asked him if she could order while standing and THEN sit down, which he said was okay. Did we REALLY have to have that conversation???
That friend sat down. Another friend stood at the bar and was told AGAIN by the SAME HOSTESS to move. We were just flabbergasted at this point. We aren't stupid. We heard you the first time. We will move down. He will sit. Just. What??
It felt like the staff was: afraid of management and getting into trouble, rude, they hate their jobs, they didn't want us there, they didn't want to serve us, etc. They just didn't want us there. That's how it felt. With all the mid-to-upscale options in this city, even when the food is as good as it was a Coquette, it wasn't good enough to warrant another visit due to the straight up rude, bad service of the staff. BAD SERVICE. Just really bad. Cochon, Franklin, Peche, Borgne. I would rather spend my money at these places. Does the staff hate happy hour?? Do they just hate us? I felt like we were pleasant until we were subjected to shitty service. I came here a year ago for dinner and was blown away by everything, but after this, I don't want to spend my money here again. 
Hostess: Rude to ask two of us to move. TWICE. 
Bartender: Terrified, profoundly unhappy
Food runners: Very pleasant, nice
Manager: Hipster-rude. Sarcastic rude.
Update: Three out of five of us had *ahem* stomach issues this morning. All three of us had the Happy Hour burger. So yeah. Really rude service and pure evil coming out of me this morning means that I won't be returning.We went to Coquette on Dec. 30th and found the first course to be delicious indeed - the simple baby veggies plate talked about so much in reviews and the fried chicken with butternut cavatelli - fabulous! Then came the very late delivery of our entrees. My husband's duck dish was good but my trout with smoked oysters was bland and overdone, the veggies on the plate cold and the sauce tasted of liquid smoke. I left it on my plate. The wait staff, which was very conciliatory, offered to replace my entree but i couldn't see waiting another 40 minutes for it to arrive. What a disappointment.
We had to assume that Chef Michael Stoltzfus must have taken the night off and the Sous Chef was mismanaging the kitchen.My 2 friends and I did the 5 course blind tasting with a wine pairing, and it was fantastic. The wines complimented the dishes perfectly, and the service was excellent. I definitely want to go back and try both the lunch and brunch options.Que rico! Coquette is a pinky-out kind of place perfectly located off the busy Magazine foot path that most people frequent. While I've only ever been for their happy hours, I can easily say their cheese spread, nightly wines, and signature cocktails have always hit the spot.I am from Brazil and I made this 4 days New Orleans trip. My friend who is American was pretty excited about this restaurant. She made the reservations, we look the menu online, we were ready for the whole experience. Then we arrived there, they told us about this No Menu on Tuesday. We got little upset because we had our choices on our minds, but honestly it was the best dining experience we could have. It was 5 AMAZING courses, I can't choose each one was the best. The service was excellent, fast and polite. The restaurant is nice, clean and with a cute decoration. I totally would come back, it worths!The following is at best a feeble attempt in detailing how incredibly awesome this place truly is:
The first time we came here, it was somewhat under the radar, but a foodie hotspot in New Orleans. We came for a coursed dinner with wine pairings (which as I am currently on record for being a total slut for) and left with something close to a religious experience.  The wine pairings were spot on, the food was local fresh, and left us with one of those rare meals that you'll always compare others too ("I mean this meal was great, but it wasn't Coquette great).  I've had a lot of awesome food, but rarely do I dote on a single meal as often as I do ones from here.
They truly grasp what it means to deliver great service as well.  From accommodating special requests, to quickly and excessively accommodating any issues with the meal, they know how to take care of their customers.  
It's a small place in the Garden District off Magazine Street.  Take the street car (not trolley mind you) down from the Quarter to Washington Street.  Walk towards the river (left if coming from the Quarter) on Washington.  You'll pass the Commanders Palace - another I highly recommend.  It's a beautiful walk and a one that I hope I take every time I'm in town.I saw Matthew McConaughey here. It was really distracting, couldn't focus on my date. But the food and drink was excellent. Coquette never disappoints.Stopped here for a midday snack and a glass of wine on a Saturday after roaming around the garden district.   Limited menu at this time of day- basically prix fixe brunch. We weren't that hungry so we sat at the bar and had a couple of small sharing plates.  These were wonderful - we had the smoked catfish dip - with pickled beets was great and the chopped pistachio topping added fantastic crunch. We also had the picked veggies. An unusual assortment very nicely spiced.  Would definitely come back here and try dinner - would be five stars but for the limited options available on a Saturday at lunchtime.Recommended during a garden district tour. Looking for a vegan lunch. This place hit the spot. 
We had the 3 course lunch, which changes daily, and the food was exceptional. There have been reviews stating the portions were small, but the food was exceptional and by the time I finished the 3 course I was just a little more than full and my taste buds were very happy.  What more can you want in a meal?
The staff (I really wish I remembered they're names as they should get cudos here as well) was very friendly and accommodating for our special requests. The bar is very well stocked and the bartenders were knowledgable about their trade. We had a pleasant experience and plan on returning when we come back to New Orleans.Ok, I love good food at a good price. Just to give you an idea, their tasting menu is $40 per person. We opted to choose our own courses and boy was it good! We had the Beet salad, Duck Rillette, Collard Greens Ravioli and the Hangar Steak. I realize that the menu changes daily but I don't think you can order anything wrong here. There was also a dessert-Bananas Foster with carmelized pound cake. While I pretty much like carmelized anything this pound cake was, um, how do you say....phenomenal?! We sat upstairs and it was cozy, like someone's formal dining room.  We had shopped up and down Magazine earlier so this was a very nice ending to a wonderful day!Very good southern (fine dining style) food! Went with a group of 6 of us for dinner and the service was wonderful. One of us decided to try quail for the first time- and it wasn't a mistake! It was the best dish of the night by far. Absolutely delicious! The red snapper was also fantastic, as was the fried catfish with egg. It's in a nice part of town in the Garden District. I definitely recommend a reservation, especially for larger parties.This was simply amazing. The food was amazing and the presentation was on point. Even if all you do is go in for desert, you must try this place. Great food.Five Blind Tasting. First restaurant I think pictures cannot justify the taste. However, as a Beijinger. I think Beijing Duck taste better then the duck as entree. Beijing duck is burned over peach tree, date trees, as it give duck a special aroma. But I will definitely come back. The rice is terrific!I don't think I've ever given a more deserved five star rating. Yeah, the food here gets costly, but it's worth it in so many ways.
Service: Awesome. We had two or three different people wait on us, and all of them were excellent. Our main server explained to us what was perhaps my favorite thing about Coquette, specifically that they get fresh ingredients every day. This leads to them creating a unique menu daily. Thus, what you eat one night may literally never be served their again. This makes it a little tricky to recommend food on the internets, but makes the food they serve so delicious and so fresh that you simply can't say no.
Atmosphere: Amazing. From wall to wall and floor to ceiling, every little piece of decor in Coquette seems to be designed to create an atmosphere of both comfort and class. Though the building looked small, upon entering it really was a warm, large, and inviting dining room with a long bar that was run by an excellent barkeep.
Drinks: Yes. Yes, yes, and yes. They can get a little costly, but go on a Thursday, and they're only $5 a piece. They have a variety of homemade hard alcohol, and though there isn't a whole lot of beer available, what they do have is a surprisingly tasteful selection.
Food: Finally. The food. It's amazing. Fresh ingredients prepared by obviously talented chefs taste amazing. Both my lady and I had an excellent meal from start to finish. I'd suggest asking your waiter for recommendations, as they will know more about the specific dishes of the day than any yelper, and will be more than happy to accommodate you.
Price: As is to be expected, it does sting a little bit to pay for a meal here. However, I would say the food is well matched to the price. If you're worried about spending too much, I'd go on a Thursday night after dinner, sit at the bar, and order the cheese plate. It's inexpensive, the drinks are only $5, and it will all be delicious.Nice ambiance, BUT....ordered steak entree and salmon tartar. Decent steak but not great. Salmon tartar was forgettable at best.  Risotto/rice that accompanied entree swam in  what tasted like a pre-made Sysco red pepper/tomato sauce from a can. Not the best.  Will definitely avoid going again knowing that there are other great restaurants in this city.My wife and I had the chicken for two. It was one of the best meals I have ever had. The bartender and drinks were great. The complimentary bread with the piquant sauce was amazing.This place was amazing! We always try a different restaurant whenever we come to New Orleans when we visit family.  Most of the restaurants are fine dining establishment and it wouldn't be New Orleans if it didn't have a great selection of seafood.  However I always find everything heavy on the butter, cream, and at times overly salty. Coquette was a fresh breath of air for us.  It had the ingredients and flavor of New Orleans but with a lightness that let every ingredients on the plate  shine and for us to savor.  Let me first start off by saying the restaurant is located on Magazine St. in a beautifully renovated building.  The service was excellent and not obtrusive especially if your dining for two.  They served the most incredible bread that was hot and crusty outside with a soft pillowy inside.  The drink selection was extensive and the cocktails inventive.  The menu is very small but all items looked good.  We had wo small plates and shared a large plate.  We selected the butternut squash cavatelli and the a seasonal salad.  The butternut squash was excellent light in sauce but packed with flavor in every bite.  My favorite dish of the night.  The salad was extraordinary and not your typical salad.  Not every salad has to be drenched in dressing and this was a great example of  farm to table dish that showed their creativity and use of seasonal products.  The main dish of soft shell crab was also excellent.  Fried to perfection but sooo light and not drenched in sauce that you could taste the sweetness of the crab and fresh corn with the tomato and  sauteed kale in  light balsamic sauce to balance it out.  This was by far a great addition to the New Orleans restaurant scene.  Will be back to have dessert and try out more of their menu items.We ate here Sunday and it was the best meal we had in the US - we have lived here for a decade. Everything was perfectly executed, with fantastic, clean flavours, and great textures. We had the smoked catfish dip, a seafood soup, a beef yaki mein, and profiteroles. All outstanding. Our waiter was lovely, attentive, knew well the food and could answer all our questions. We will be back. Often!What do you get when you cross a French chef and an Italian chef: Coquette's.  Eclectic and French. The antipasto was fantastic.  Smoked salami and duck liver balls.  My daughter and I split an excellent Wagyu beef and interesting pork fusion dish.  Fantastic wine list. Try the 2012 Cab Franc!  If we left any!One of the best meals I have had in NOLA. Started off with the fried chicken. So delicious. For entree I had the butternut squash. May be my favorite thing on the menu.Great decor and service, but what stands out is the quality of the cooking from the kitchen staff.  This chef knows exactly what he's doing and every dish is perfectly flavor balanced. 
This is one of those rare gems where every item on the menu is  a #1 hit.
My favorite was the Arugula salad. It was very lightly dressed in a lemon and bottarga** dressing that made me want to sneak a bottle of it out of the kitchen. When the cop tries to hand-cuff me,  I'll just give him a spoonful of Arugula dressing and he'll let me go on my merry way.
Great wine list and proper Bloody Marys. If your drink doesn't have flavor chunks sitting at the bottom of it,  then it's not a Bloody Mary, it's a Vodka Tomato  that you can get from United Airlines.
Do save room for dessert - there is a pastry chef  in da hous!
**A grated, dried caviar made from mullet roe.Incredible!! Erik killed it with his cocktails, las cruces stories and amazing beard. Gumbo was choc full of flavor in every bite, the fried chicken & satsumas bursting with citrus and the Cuidado cocktail an elegant mixture of spice & balance. 
LoveI decided that 2014 is the year of the setup and this place has a great one for happy hour  - $7 burger, $4 fries, and $5-6 cocktails (punch, french 75, or sazerac). While I wasn't too impressed the punch, the sazerac, burger, and fries were tasty.  My only complaint was the service - the bartender wasn't friendly  and didn't seem to know much about the food. Maybe he was having a bad day and also amnesia?  It sounds like my experience was abnormal so I will probably give it another shot.3 course lunch is a must here.  I know this would sound like a #firstworldproblems thing to say, but it's pretty much a steal for the price.  I will say, I was sitting there for a good half hour deciding which 3 courses I wanted for lunch, now that's #firstworld problems
Sips
Sazerac - Ah, a New Orleans drink...  With a Sazerac brand rye, Pernod Absinthe, Herbsaint, and Peychaud Bitters, this was strong, but extremely clean.  Amazing bartender working there.
Eats
Ham and Pinkeye Pea Stew (mustard green pistou) - This stew was packed with flavor, It was mighty tasty, but I may not be accustomed to New Orleans seasoning as I found it a little on the salty side in general, but I devoured it.
Louisiana Crab Meat (heirloom rice, vadouvan, brown butter) - Pure heaven.  Crab was so succulent and oozing with loads of flavor.  Brown butter made the crab burst with flavor as well.  I could eat this all day every day.  Best crab experience ever.
Shrimp and Grits (LA hot sauce, sweet corn, anson mill's grits) - Popped my grits cherry with this plate.  LA hot sauce wasn't overwhelming.  After my NOLA trip, this was a pleasant way to devour grits that weren't dripping in butter.  A very solid dish, shrimp was large and well prepared.  In retrospect, the fried chicken from such a fancy restaurant would have been rather interesting.
Sweets
Pavlova (roasted mission fig, balsamic) - This is a meringue-based dessert.  It was like a very upscale over-sized marshmallow/meringue stepchild.  A bit too sweet for me, but very unique, and very good.I went to this restaurant with a group of 14 for the chefs tasting menu. Food was excellent and the serving staff was amazing. Every time I turned around someone else was bringing me a plate of food or drink or folding my napkin. I would recommend this restaurant.Still a fan. However, Went there last night for dinner after work. Was a little let down by the service. We both did the tasting menu which was delicious and ordered a bottle of wine. Leave it to coquette to make brussel sprouts delicious. I'm craving them as I type this. The waiter was even friendly. The food was slow to arrive and we were left waiting for a while between the courses. The food runners weren't knowledgeable about the food. I am a firm believer that when doing a tasting menu you are doing it partly for the experience. The Food servers would run the food out and drop it off at the table as if they were feeding a herd of cattle with a "Here you go!" as they scurried away...as if to avoid any questions about the dish being served. I even noticed it at the table next to us. The man, whom i became aquainted with and who was on an extended stay from LA (as in California) called them out on it. I even questioned what one of the dishes were as i could not recall what it was. The reply...."some pasta and vegetable dish. I'm sorry...i don't really know. I'm just the food runner." 
JUST the food runner??? Not a good answer. Everyone should be prepped and knowledgeable about the food...especially on the tasting menu. Just sayin...
I shall give them the benefit of the doubt and say they were having an off night and I definitely intend to go back as the food is exceptional.This Sunday, my husband and I decided to drive down Magazine Street and eat at the first place that caught our eye. Being relatively new to New Orleans, we are trying to eat at the restaurants that make the city famous. Coquette definitely falls in that category. 
We arrived for Sunday brunch. First, we both ordered spicy bloody Marys, which were delicious, although I felt like mine could have been a little spicier. 
The brunch is three courses and my husband and I decided to split it. This was a great choice, since we had plenty of food for the both of us. First, I usually don't write about the bread course but WOAH- their bread was incredible, warm and delicious with the best butter I've ever had. That started the meal off perfectly. 
We then ordered the pork and collard greens gumbo that came with potato salad. Another great choice, it was warm and comforting, and I loved the potato salad. 
Our main course was the fried wild catfish. Both being from the south, we have had our share of catfish, and agreed this was the best we had ever had. It came with asparagus and an excellent sauce. 
Our last course was a German chocolate ice cream sandwich. It was pretty small, but that was fine after all the food we had already enjoyed. 
The staff was also incredibly friendly, and made a place for us, even when we didn't have a reservation (I would recommend making one). It was an overall delicious and enjoyable experience, and we cannot wait to go back for dinner!