This was the first food we ate upon our arrival in New Orleans. The food was just ok and our bill was a bit of a shock for what we got. Portions were small. I'd skip this in favor of some other spots here.We went into a pretty much empty Cornet for drinks and was greeted by a fairly uninterested bartender.  We ordered 2 French 75's and 2 sazeracs.  She asked my husband and friend if they've ever had bourbon to which they said yes.  Her response was "well this is pretty much straight bourbon." Then rolled her eyes.  She moved two places over at the bar and proceeded to tell the only other patron in the bar that she hated making these drinks. We only ordered one round of drinks simply because of her terrible attitude.  Our friend gave her his AmEx which we're pretty sure she was swiping backwards because it's a clear card and he used it the entire trip without issues.  Anyway it wouldn't swipe and she kept doing it over and over each time telling him it's time to get a new card.  They used a different card but she wouldn't stop complaining about it.  I didn't catch her name. She was a pretty blonde lady, but the single reason we left after only one round of drinks. We had wondered if her attitude was the reason the bar was empty after we left.I have mixed feeling about this place. The place is on Bourbon St. The food was not bad but it wasn't my favorite in New Orleans. I am sure that for the same value I would've had better food. The shrimp gumbo was definitely good! We didn't order drinks here because we were ready to drink at the bars on Bourbon St.Great location but the customer service varied with each trip. I will return for the crab cakes and the balcony seating.If you want a nice place to over look Bourbon Street get a seat on the balcony and enjoy an extensive cocktail and food menu. I had the shrimp appetizer and red beans and was very happy. The place is very clean and kid friendly.As many places as there are in FQ that serve genuinely local cuisine, this place just didn't really offer anything I was all that impressed with. The food is good, the service was ok, and the decor was fine. I guess I just don't understand a semi-fancy seeming sit-down restaurant on Bourbon unless its unique.
We had the crab corn chowder which I truly did enjoy, but also seemed like something I'd be able to buy off the shelves as sold by Campbell soup. The cheesy tots weren't very good. All in all, both dishes seemed like something I'd whip up for myself when I was 19 and a bachelor.
Lastly, two minor flubs by the waitress. The first one isn't so bad, but happened nevertheless: the waitress initially brought out the incorrect appetizer. I get it, ready mistake, ready fix. Next, when I checked in through yelp, a coupon for half-off for an appetizer came up. I had to ask twice to have this applied to our check.
There is too much in the area that wows me more to come back to this place unless I hear that locals are into it.Food was really good, we sat upstairs outside and overlooked Bourbon street.  Kinda of a rustic place, but overall good!Way overpriced, portions were tiny, food was cold, drinks were watered down, service was terrible. Completely unsatisfied. Total ripoff. Avoid entirely.This is our first visit to NOLA. My husband and I were looking for someplace to have lunch after walking for hours through the French Quarter when we came across this quaint place. The brick and wood decor and friendly staff drew us in and the food was worth it! Their chicken Caesar salad was amazing! The seasoning on the chicken was very delicious. I had the best drink, some sort of watermelon mixed drink. We highly recommend!There are so many restaurants in the French Quarter, it's hard to discern which is good and which is not so good, especially if you're a tourist.
I would say Cornet is good. 
It being our first night in New Orleans, we had no clue where to eat. Lots of choices. Our first choice was packed,  so we kind wandered into Cornet.
Compared to the other place we looked at, it was bright and looked fairly new
Anyway, the food was good, not great. I had the Barbecue shrimp and red beans and rice. I thought I was getting appetizers, but they turned out to be entrees. The bill turned out to be a little more than I was looking to spend. But oh well.
One more note, we ate downstairs because we had my mom who has a walker. But I think most customers are upstairs.
Overall nice place, good food,What a great find in a sea of crazy. Perfect calm atmosphere in a sea of party animals. Amazing service CJ was very helpful and attentive my drink was perfect my food was amazing. I ordered the Cajun platter it had red beans rice jumbilya and catfish with smoked sausage perfect is not the right word to describe this master piece.  The only downside was I had to request a spoon and some french bread to accompany my meal. They have a full bar so it was a perfect stop on my long walk down Bourbon and the perfect place to take a break from the crowds. What a jewel to find. As a solo diner out in seas of people I found a quiet place to eat with great food and in the middle of all the fun. I will be back next time so Worth it.Cornet is located right on the corner of Bourbon and St. Peters and was right down the street from our Airbnb so we decided to stop in for lunch one day. I'm usually a little skeptical of anything  located directly on Bourbon but we had heard it was good so we gave it a try and I'm really glad we did. We wanted to sit on the balcony but there was some disagreement about sitting in the sun so the hostess told us that a table located in the shade was about to be available if we wanted to wait. We decided to so she sat us at an inside table temporally. Our server, Alex, came over and took our drink orders and assured us that he would move us outside as soon as the table was available. He was absolutely adorable with his cute Louisiana accent. I ordered a local beer and he asked what size. Naturally I answered the biggest one and was completely shocked when he arrived with a Huge Ass Beer. The ass cups are so much fun.
Once we were outside at our table I decided on the Red Beans and Ricely Yours dish because I was on a red beans and rice kick. This one was my favorite out of all the rice dishes I had tried all weekend. It was a very large serving with andouille sausage. The seasoning was just the right blend of spice and flavor without being overpowering. I finished the whole thing and I'm usually the one taking home leftovers. I also tried the grilled alligator sausage with house made pepper jelly and the fried green tomatoes. Both dishes were delicious. I would suggest Cornet to anyone visiting New Orleans for great food and an equally great Bourbon Street view.I give 2 stars for the good amount of TVs to watch the game. The food however is reminiscent of a chain sports bar when you order anything, but their wings. You know the over priced, semi-bland non-wing dishes you find at places like BWs or Pat O'Brien (the chain).Little bit chilly if you're sitting at the bar....but other than that....the service is great and the drinks are great. Besides being a little slow on service everything was perfect.This place has amazing food.  The crab cakes were awesome.  And our waitress, Heather, was amazing.  She was so friendly and was running around working nonstop to cover her tables.  A definite stop if you're in the area.The bartender is horrible , drinks are terrible she wasn't very friendly just overall a bad experience. Oh and there were one too many flies . I'll never recommend this place to anyoneWe had appetizers and drinks here on the upstairs deck. So fun watching all the action from up high. The service was great! Very friendly staff. Stated with Shrimp with cheese jalapeño grits, they were so good we ordered another. Then had the Calamari, lightly breaded and fried with a garlic sauce drizzle. Very good but you don't get enough is all. Also tried the beef pies, they were ok, ground beef inside with a bit of spice. Finished with Pecan pie and ice cream of course. It was yummy too.  All dinners that came out of kitchen looked really good and everyone was smiling and looked happy about their meals.
We would definitely go back. Try the local drink Sazarc, a slight licorice tone, slight sweetness shaken over ice. A nice sippin drink to watch the crowds!Shrimp Po Boy was absolutely on point and both the Bourbon Street Koolaide and Blueberry special drink were fantastic. Awesome spot, try to get to a window seat in the bar so you can people watch and enjoy the drinks at the same time! Great service, great food, great bar area (lots of tvs). Give it a shot!This place has delicious food.  The prices seemed a little higher for what you get ($11 for 4 slices of fried green tomatoes?) That said,  we were satisfied with food but the service was TERRIBLE. the waiter seemed to be the only one in the place,  which was not busy by the way. The Waiter didn't put in our food for about 20 minutes. The check took another 30. Won't visit again. Bourbon st. Area Has too many great paces to eat to put up with terrible service.The mint julep was excellent! Iconic Southern charm with a lovely balcony and friendly staff.Came here for a quick bite on new years eve during lunch time and everything was kind of a mess. Server seemed confused about our order and had to be repeated a few times. Food came out quick but was drenched in grease. Seafood platter was soggy. Jambalaya was pretty much tomato paste and rice. Gumbo was ok and the hot tots were ok. Wouldnt come back.Wow! The food, staff, and especially the chef, are phenomenal. We showed up late on a Thursday night for dinner and had someone in our party with a dairy allergy. The chef, himself, came up to talk to us and prepared a special dish off menu. It was amazing. Everything else was great, too. The fried green tomatoes are a must-have. So far, everyone we've met in New Orleans has been super friendly, but these guys take the prize. I'd give them a 6th star if I could.We spent a lot of time looking around the French Quarter for dinner on our second night in town. We came across Cornet and it had upstairs patio dining, so we took a chance.
At first, there weren't a lot of people eating here, so we were concerned. We had a new waitress which was made quite clear to us by her "mentor" who seemed less than thrilled to be training someone. The waitress was a delight and was in top form when her mentor was absent.
Our drink order was taken quickly and we never ran out, constantly being refilled. We ordered the Gumbo, Crawfish Etoufee and Hushpuppies.  The Hushpuppies were good, but needed a sauce.
The Gumbo was good as well, but the portion sizes of the entrees were a little small, especially for the price (which matched up to the other comparable dishes in the area).
The Crawfish Etoufee was great and not too spicy as I was worried that I would not be able to eat it as I don't do the best with spice. I would love to have had more, but the portion size here was, again, disappointing.
The atmosphere of dining on the balcony overlooking Bourbon Street cannot be missed and the service was great, the food tasted good, but the downside was the portion sizes. It did, however, leave room for beignets from Cafe Du Monde for dessert.Small portions, limited choices.  It was very disappointing for the amount of money we spent. Beer was $10 a glass. Shrimp Creole was average at best.Great little spot on Bourbon st with outdoor balcony seating so you can people watch while enjoying decent food and beverages.Small overpriced basic tasting food. You'll find better food worth the price elsewhere.The food was really good and reasonably priced.  When we were initially greeted by our server we thought it was going to be a good experience with her, but once we had our food she disappeared and was not seen again until the end of the meal.  No refills or checks to see if we had what we needed.  In fact, when we did see her again it was time to pay and she didn't even bother bringing us our card.  Someone else delivered it.  I had read some reviews about the place and apparently service is one of the areas where they fall short.  I made this only two stars because having worked in customer service and having been a partner in a restaurant I know how much an attentive staff matters to customers.The food was really good. Price and quality/quantity was not a good ratio. There are much better places for the money. They do have sine tasty food,  but the service was slow and there was obviously just one server for the night.A nice restaurant with balcony... it wasn't the food that attracted us, but the location and balcony however, upon our arrival we were greeted by Darias who was very professional, polite, respectful and made our dinner many times more enjoyable. He made recommendations when we asked for his opinion and all were excellent. The blackened cat fish, jambalaya, the crawfish mac n cheese were all great choices.While traveling through New Orleans, LA on our way to the mid-West, my sister had one request:  to "eat on a balcony on Bourbon Street".  We saw folks eating on the Cornet wrap around balcony and asked the host if we could join them... We were seated right on Bourbon Street.  Our waitress "Tina" immediately brought iced cold water to the table and took our drink orders.  When she returned, she answered our many questions about the menu items and made suggestions.  When she came to refill our drinks, we asked "Tina" to take our pic? She not only took our pic on SnapChat, she taught us how to use "boomerang" on Instagram! The food arrived in a timely fashion and it was delicious!  We could hear the music from across the street.  There were live baskets of flowers and peppers on the railing... Everything was perfect (restaurant, food, ambiance and the very kind waitress "Tina").  Highly recommend Cornet and "Thank you Cornet for allowing my Sister to add a check to that Bucket List"!  We will definitely be back (next time we're in town)! Hopefully, "Tina" will be our waitress!?.We ate a quick dinner here before going out. I ordered the shrimp po' boy and it was okay. It was a very large sandwich and the crispy shrimp were piled high, but it was way too salty. The drinks were expensive and weak, and our server was more concerned about gossiping at the bar than actually serving us. The restaurant itself was sticky and smelled awful. Now, I understand that it is a bar on Bourbon Street, but it wasn't very appealing when you're trying to eat dinner. 
To summarize: it's a decent place to eat if you're on Bourbon Street, but do some research and you can find some AMAZING places just a couple blocks away.Nice bar and restaurant in the french quarter.  Had lunch.  Gumbo was very good.  Also had shrimp poboy.  I opted for grilled shrimp.  French bread very good.  My wife had crab and tomato salad.  Lots of giant lumps of crab.  Could hear jazz music outside. TVs for sports.  Hurricane drink very good.We mostly came here to get a balcony view over Bourbon Street, and there wasn't much more to it beyond that. I got the Hello Dolly, which was way too sweet, even for my sweet tooth. The martini is incredibly salty - they have a mixer that's been soaking in olives, etc, that they display at the bar. 
Still, we were the only ones sitting on the balcony on a Monday night around 10pm, and it was at a pretty busy intersection. Fun to people watch.Our initial impression was lackluster by as we had to wait until the manager finished messing with the tv channels to be seated on the balcony. The restaurant was not very busy with plenty of open seating. After a 10 min wait we were seated at the far end of the balcony (again many open tables). Thankfully our waitress was FABULOUS and changed our experience to a happy one. FYI the Ribs were really good!Service was nice and polite but incompetent.
We requested balcony seating to watch people on Bourbon while eating on an early Tuesday evening so there wasn't many people yet.  I
We ordered a beer and coke.  There was
Extended periods between the waitress getting our drink order and then our food order but we were people watching.  I ordered fried green tomatoes for dinner and my husband ordered a fish plate. When our food order did arrive, she only brought my husbands order. She then told me that they were out of tomatoes and asked if I wanted something else. Yes, I did. She went to get a menu.   In the meantime , my husband ate ... his fish warm, his mashed potatoes cold and chunky! 
Several minutes later, she returned to tell me that she had sent another waitress to bring me a menu but I had declined.   No one came to my table. Obviously it was a mix up.  So we got our check and left. 
Poor service
Poor food
Good view of burbon.Loved loved loved it! Great food. Angelica was awesome. Be kind relax and enjoy! Food was good, environment was welcoming.We stumbled across this place randomly looking for something semi nice on bourbon street for dinner. Everything was amazing! We shared the Cajun calamari and it was so flavorful. The banana peppers gave it a new twist. For dinner I ordered the blackened gulf fish.... It was to die for! Boyfriend got the alligator po-boy and couldn't stop raving about it. Drinks were tasty as well. Highly recommend!This place was amazing! I ate at the bar, and asked the bar tender what to order. 1st he suggested the hand squeezed Margarita OMG it was amazing! Then he suggested the Cajun chicken sandwich! Blackened chicken, bacon, a fried green tomato and goat cheese with a creole honey mustard on an awesome french bread bun. This sandwich was so amazing.
Great atmosphere great staff.... awesomeness on Bourbon StFood was pretty okay and the service was good, I love the jubilee shrimp it was gooooooodbWe were met at the street and told there was a table on the balcony. We proceeded upstairs to find there were no tables available on the balcony and sat next to a loud drunken party which were already making others leave. We advised the staff that if we didn't get another table then cancel our orders. We were then sat on the balcony. The food was okay. Definitely had better New Orleans fare outside of New Orleans. Wait time for food was extra long but sitting on the balcony made it bearable. Unfortunately drink refills did not show up causing us to seek drinks elsewhere. Overall, I may give the place another chance but it's not a definite revisit for us.Customers beware:  the food is really good BUT the portions are so small...if you're hungry do not order the crawfish Etoufee...you'll leave hungryReally good jambalaya, fried green tomatoes, meat pies! Sit on balcony to see Bourbon street! Great time even on a Monday nite!2 stars for location and the balcony seats watching bourbon street. Out of the 6 draft beers they offered they only had 2 available, service took FOREVER. Our waiter couldn't care less about our table. We ordered fried green tomatoes and the crab cakes. Crab cakes were fine but tomatoes were nothing special. Ok place for a drink, even though you could find somewhere cheaper with better service.Went here for food and drinks on a Saturday night.  It's centrally located on Bourbon St so if you're in the area, it's a good place to dine as you can sit and eat without it being too loud.  Overall, food wasn't as good as I hoped.   The calamari was extremely salty and the rest of the food we ordered was decent but not something to write home about.Ok so I paid $44 for jambalaya, red beans and rice, and gumbo.  The gumbo was ok but there was hardly any sausage in it at all.  I think there was one small piece and one claw.  The jambalaya had a few small pieces of chicken and maybe two small pieces of sausage.  Red beans and rice was tasty but it only came with half a sausage are you kidding me?   Definitely not even close to worth what you pay.  I felt cheated by how little sausage was included in all three meals.  My wife was very disappointed with the quality of this food.  I'd encourage you to avoid eating here it's just not worth what you pay...id say my meal should have cost about $18 total and not $44.ABSOLUTELY THE WORST FOOD IN THE QUARTER!!!!!!!!!
We were walking by and were approached by a barker. First and last time we ever enter a restaurant that someone is trying to lure you into. The service was a pitiful. We were seated and waiting for someone to come to the table when two other tables were seated by us. The waitress approached both tables then left. After about 10 minutes we got up to walk out and then the waitress came and asked for our drink order. We placed our drink order and our food also. Sweet tea's, fried free tomatoes and a taste of New Orleans. 20 minutes later food comes out and the tomatoes were poorly bread and barely fried. The TONO was gumbo, crawfish Mac and cheese and jambalaya. Apparently the TONO is made by a third world country trying to imitate chef boyardee.  I had to find a manager for silverware because the waitress was nowhere to be found. We took one (1) only 1 bite out of each thing and asked for the check to leave ASAP. The manager brought two purple touristy drinks and told us here these are on me because you don't look happy. DEFINITELY NOT HAPPY. We declined the drinks dropped money and left. 
Just a reminder. 
ABSOLUTELY THE WORST FOOD IN THE QUARTER!!!!!!!!!What an experience in Nola. Our server Wes, really went above and beyond for our trip. He even brought out toothpicks like the a dental floss sticks whenever asked him for toothpicks. he threw it down with the fantasy football knowledge and overall he was an awesome waiter. thanks for everything man and we'll definitely be back when we're in the area! just an overall 5 star experience here.We were here on a quick girls vacation. The good points it was clean and the service was ok . However the food was awful we both ordered the crawfish Mac and cheese.  It was velvetta and noodles no flavor I was made from a box.  There are so many other places to go in New Orleans to eat do not try here.The seafood platter was great..came out hot! However, the oysters had shells and the poyboy' s bread was too thick and dry.. The service was nice and the rest of the meal was okay!Good food, street guy was awesome, service sub par. Waiter only checked on us once paid alot of attention to others even saw my glass almost gone didn't offer refill friend with me waited so long she had to get up and ask the hostess for a refill. Have been done with meal for 10mins. I just want my check so I can go. Man bun=bad service!!The staff was super friendly and helpful but the food was pretty bad. Calamari was undercooked, bread was stale, Alligator Sausage mediocre, and drinks were slightly below average. Would recommend a different place if your looking for authentic NOLA cooking. Great for pre-gaming and drinking because of the location and balcony view of Bourbon St.Great atmosphere and a fantastic place to people watch when you sit on the balcony. 
Food was good- the corn and crab chowder and filet were awesome. The fried shrimp was mediocre. 
The bartender absent minded- but polite. 
Worth visiting if you need a place for a quick bite, a view and a drink.Before exploring the whimsy of Bourbon Street, my sister and I had dinner at Cornet. I'm enamored by the iconic wrought-iron balconies of the French Quarter, so I was delighted that we were able to dine out outside. My sister had the gumbo, which she enjoyed. I had the catfish platter. The catfish was hot (as in temperature) and well-seasoned. It was fried a bit softer than I prefer, but that didn't stop me from devouring it. Both my sister and I had a Blueberry Hill cocktail. It's made with fruit-infused vodka, and was very tasty. We even got seconds for the road.
Our server was really nice and was happy to recommend her favorites.Service is laughably bad, but I assume it's new and working through the kinks. Tables are slow to get cleaned for waiting patrons, bartender has to go downstairs to grab draft beer orders, and we waited for every part of the meal. Gumbo had a good kick, and my favorite part of the meal was the corn side which was tangy with a hint of sweetness. Loved the balcony seating for people watching on Borbon. It's a nice reprieve from the debauchery, just don't come in a rush. Let the good times roll as they say!The place is beautiful, especially the balcony, nice view. Our waitress was kind. But we were Very disappointed by the lunch menu. Expensive for what we had. We ordered a Caesar salad and a burger. $17 for 5 lettuce sheets, Parmesan cheese and 6 shrimps. French fries were not good and no cheese, no sauce in the burger.Worst meal in New Orleans. Awful and slow service. Overpriced and less than mediocre food. Probably the most unauthentic PoBoy in town. My friend paid $17 for a salad that was nothing more than a side salad at best. We waited thirty minutes for a cocktail we had already paid for. The bathrooms were disgusting.I stopped in here to order a cold one only, since it was a typical hot & humid NOLA morning. Krazy Korner next door wasn't open at the time, so I arrived at Cornet on a whim. While I was given a menu, I noticed that most of the entrees ranged from $14-16 to start with. Other choices went into the $20s, which is reasonably priced when you consider that prices climb higher at restaurant venues closer to Canal Street, as well as on certain spots on Royal Street. But hey, this is the French Quarter. All of the food is going to be good anywhere you go.
I tried a local brew of something in a serving sized called "Half Assed Beer", which is all that I needed. The higher size up is called a "Full Assed", or "Big Assed Beer" or something like that. For $6.50, the half size met my expectations. Both afternoon bartenders were prompt in their service, and you didn't have to spend a minimum of $10 if you were using plastic (unlike Krazy Korner). Also, there isn't a $1 surcharge if you use plastic as well. 
The only distinguishing features that I noticed was that there was a gold cornet hanging from the top of the entrance into the other half of the venue. The venue itself is a restaurant bar, yet could easily be mistaken for a dive bar while walking on Bourbon Street. Certainly worth trying out.We had such a nice time the first time we went that we were back two days later. Erica and Angelica were great as servers each day. The mixed cocktails were perfect. The seafood gumbo was A+.... we got to sit on the balcony and it was the perfect spot for tourist and locals enjoying their city. The prices are a bit high but i guess that goes with location. They did honor the 50% off app, too.Friday Lunch // French Quarter  
Ambiance: On main corner in French Quarter.  Went in for lunch and a couple cocktails.  Great upper balcony view, it was summer day so it can get hot.  Upstairs air conditioned interior is nice as well.  Beautiful building; exposed brick, pub bar and lantern lighting.
Service: Friendly and professional 
Drank: NOLA classic cocktail menu for those who like spirits. Full bar downstairs. 
Food: Seasonal  NOLA style menu, delish!Great place with great service.  Jennifer at the bar was incredible serving up drinks based on our taste - she even sang for us...  great voice that matched her service!!  The Blueberry Hill - which she recommended - is outstanding... not too sweet and refreshing.  Didn't eat there - great atmosphere and to go cups right on time!This quite easily could have been a five star review; however, upon being seated inside, at our request, we were ignored for about 20 minutes without being acknowledged by anyone.  I finally asked a busser if he could locate our server for us, which he attempted to do immediately.  The wait staff then began to argue over who was going to serve us.  Finally, the bartender Ashleigh was kind enough to take our drink order, and eventually our food order.  I'm pretty sure serving tables wasn't her responsibility, so kudos to her, but I think she realized how unprofessional it looked arguing over who was going to take a table that was ten feet away, in a virtually empty restaurant.  She was very nice and made an excellent hurricane.  45 minutes after sitting down, the server who originally seated us asked if someone had taken our order.  It's sad that it took him that long to acknowledge us.
The crab cake appetizer was very good, as was the shrimp po boy.  The seafood platter was served with no dipping sauces, and for $28, I would certainly expect that accompaniment.  
With the exception of Ashleigh, the bartender and the very kind bus boy, the rest of the servers appeared unhappy with their jobs.  The management of this establishment should hire new servers who are actually interested in doing their jobs.Come here for the excellent Bloody Mary and to get a table overlooking Bourbon Street so you can watch the nighttime madness. The waitstaff was a bit slow but friendly and the entrees were only average. The fried green tomato appetizer was very well done though, fried and seasoned just right. This is a place to escape from the street for a bit and grab a drink and a snack, not get a fancy meal.
Speaking of which what's with all of the people getting burgers and fries in the New Orleans French Quarter? This isn't the place for that. Stop it.Great location and decent red beans and rice. Aside from those things the experience was less than desirable. The entry way had a terrible smell which thankfully went away when I made my way upstairs. The waiter was very subpar, he seemed put off by the fact we were there wanting to order. I had the Crawfish Mac and Cheese which was basically Mac and Cheese because the Crawfish was almost impossible to find anywhere. Most likely won't return.We went here to sit outside and enjoy the view of Bourbon street on Pride day.
They have a great balcony to be able to watch all the debauchery on Bourbon street but not be IN the mix...if you know what I mean.  Perfect people watching.
The service was ok.  I guess, we are in the south...so its kind of slow...to be expected.
The food was just ok.  We had the hot tots and the shrimp po boy.  Both were pretty good.  The hot tots werent anything special but a great little muncher while we watched.  The shrimp po boy was actually one of the better ones we had.  It had a great sauce to really pull the sandwich together.
This is a great spot to chill and watch and eat and drink...all while enjoying a nice seat and a bathroom :)Open late on a Monday. The restaurant wasn't busy when we visited but Renard was a great server. One entree was crawfish Mac & cheese - EXCELLENT. Another entree was the blackened gulf fish - equally as great. We know what to expect out of Cajun food and also eat fresh gulf seafood regularly. Great slice of southern Louisiana.I'm a little mixed about this place (2.5 stars). Nice tourist spot.. not too loud & had a lovely balcony to people watch the Friday night I was there. The menu had a decent variety but it seemed overpriced.. but we stayed anyway. Maybe they'll have huge portions? NOPE!!! Nuh-uh brother! Tiny thing if semi-flavored jambalaya for nearly $20. Ridiculous. Pfft
I'd pass on this place... but if the prices were lower, it wouldn't have been so bad. Service was a bit gimmicky.. I mean, the on/off NOLA (sometimes Texan) accents were entertaining but was not necessary. But I guess you have to give the people what they want. Meh
Tourist trap... stop by for drinks, not food. You'll find better stuff out thereThe food was not as good as my previous visit to New Orleans. The climate of the restaurant was not as lively as pre-Mardi Gras. I brought some first time New Orleans visitors to the restaurant and bragged about the crab cakes. I was a bit disappointed as they were smaller than I remembered and slightly mushy. Mine had numerous pieces of the crab shell, which was gross. I also had the crab corn bisque. The bisque was good but and a bit spicier than I expected. 
I am not sure I would go there again. The third time was not as good as my previous two times, which was months earlier. Maybe they changed cooks or it was just a bad day (Saturday).I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. So-so food and service. Definitely not among the better places in the French Quarter.Love this place!!! Adrienne was awesome!
We kept coming back for her fresh hand crafted drinks! Also the food is on point.. best crab cakes in town hands down!!!Stopped in for a quick bit to knock off the hunger on the way to a different place to eat. We got there early so it wasn't crowded and there was plenty of upstairs seating. The service was great and we had an order of alligator sausage with some kind of rum concoction. Nothing about this quick meal was bad and I would highly recommend this place for a meal or drinks.16.50 for a bud light, albeit a pretty big bud light, but after tip I could have bought a 24 pack.One name... Adrian! She is by far the best bartender I have ever come across. My fiance and I came here summer of 2017 and fell in love with her drinks that she makes from scratch. We came back here a little less than a year later and came straight here specifically for her! Once again she did not disappoint! This time with her own twist on a Watermelon Cooler. This girl has serious skill and is incredibly cool to talk to. Because of her we plan on coming back again and again. Thanks Adrian.Food took 45 min to get out even though it wasn't busy. When it came, one of the 3 dinners was cold and dry and not worth eating. 
There are to many other options for good food nearby to waist time and money here.Great service and bartender. Cool place!  Adrienne is the best!!!  Very personable. Great drinks.Upscale bar, on bourbon st., Great drinks, incredible staff, solid local food. I've been to this bar multiple times on two different trips, over two years apart. Hands down one of my favorite stops on bourbon st. Slightly quieter place can sit and talk, friendly and incredibly knowledgable bar staff. Mixed drinks are great, hurricanes are actually better than Pat O's. Food is also really good. Shrimp jubilee was awesome. Fried green tomatoes great. Alligator sausage great.Great service! Delicious food! Good vibes! Tour of New Orleans app is a must try. The atmosphere is great and prices are reasonable.This was a great place, great atmosphere, and my server was great; was was very helpful on other places to go. The only reason it is not getting five stars because their menu on their website said they had crab Alfredo pasta but when we got there they didn't have any pasta on the menu. I was so disappointed because I had my tastebuds set but the food we order was delicious also.Oh so fabulous!! We stumbled upon this place and had one of the best dinners, ever.  Hubby lived his steak. I had Caesar with perfectly seasoned shrimp. Yummy cocktails and awesome service on the upper veranda.  GO!!The restaurant is very bad. The waiter doesn't know about the menu and made me ordered something totally different. The rice they served isn't cooked. The food is not good at all.During the month of December, I went to the Yelp Christmas Party held at the Cornet on Bourbon Street located in the heart of the French Quarter.
The food at this establishment was EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD which included Catfish with cream sauce, Mirliton Dressing and Crab Cakes only to name a few.
Liquid refreshments included a drink Infused Vodka with Cucumber Lemonade which was my drink of choice-Need I say any more.
Now let's talk about the Entertainment which was a three-piece combo that played a verity of music who was the life of the party.
In closing, I had a very nice time at this Cocktail Bar and Creole Restaurant which I plan to return and I encourage others to visit this establishment.
Also, Morgan and Staff deserve a round of Applause for another successful Yelp Event-CLAP-CLAP-CLAP!!!!!!The drinks here are amazing.  They had a watermelon infused drink that was to die for. The blueberry infused drink was also phenomenal ! As for dinner... the fried calamari appetizer was amazing.  I had the red beans and rice platter... it is a must!! While here ask for Teena as your waitress she is so sweet and attentive.  The k my downfall I see (yes there is always one..) is the hostess names Francisco.   He told us it was a 25 minute wait and yet still sat other parties after we arrived.  He was rude to the waitresses as well.  While in Nola you must dine here!!!Awesome location but food and service left a lot to be desired. In a city known for excellent food - skip this one and opt for another spot. Food was served cold, lacked any real flavor.This place sucks you in only to disappoint you! We live in Baton Rouge and if you are looking for creole cuisine DO NOT GO HERE!! It's watered down crap! They try to put an expensive price tag to say it's good. It most of the crawfish were dead when they went into the boil and the proportions are tiny! Stay aWay!!!Good food, good drinks, nice balcony. Bartender not very friendly though. Overall, pretty good place to relax.The service was fine and the drinks were good. I was very disappointed with the Jambalaya. It was warm on the outside but cold in the middle. It tasted more sweet than spicy. Maybe it was an off night.Came here based on yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. We had the hot tots, shrimp jubilee, red beans and rice and the burger. Everything was very tasty and the service was good too. This was a nice last stop on our culinary tour of the Big Easy.We were walking on Bourbon and were approached by an employee of this restaurant to see if we wanted to eat. We were ready for lunch and decided to give it a try. 
We wanted to sit on the balcony and they were very accommodating. 
We were greeted right away and told who would be our server. 
We ordered drinks and we wanted to try the calamari and corn and crab bisque soup. 
After checking in we received a coupon for 50% off one appetizer. 
I showed this coupon to the server and he said he would tell the manager. 
Our food was delivered very quickly and was just ok. The $9 bowl of bisque could have fit in a cup. The bowl looked large but was very shallow so not a good price for the amount of soup and it was luke warm not hot. 
The calamari had a great dipping sauce and was very hot, fresh out of the fryer. Some were chewy but most were very
Good and not too greasy except the ones
On the bottom. 
When we received the check they did not take the 50% off so I mentioned it to the server. He said oh yes you did have a coupon. He asked me to pull it up on my phone for him and then he proceeded to take my phone and show the manager. Before I realized he walked away with my phone. I was not thrilled at all with this procedure. Yes I should have reacted quicker and not allowed this but just never
Thought he would take my phone out of sight. 
#donttakemyphone
The balcony seating was nice.Bourbon street is known for parties and parades, which is fine when you are in the mood. However I was very pleasantly surprised to find Cornet. My wife and I sat down in the bar. Food was very tasty, one of the best bloody Mary's I have EVER had with their infused vodka. Nikki and Wendy were fantastic bartenders. Answered every question, gave great suggestions and their personality added the cherry on top to a great ambiance. Just added a new must stop place to my list, for next time I am in town. Cheers!Great location, staff, and prices! Booked a table for 30+ very last minute on the balcony on a Friday night. The manager, Kit, was so accommodating and made it happen! Great views of Bourbon Street and definitely so memorable for the entire group! Big Ass Beers are a must and so is the Alligator sausage (trust me)! The bill ended up being about $40-45 per person including apps, entrees, and at least one drink! Awesome spot and food for a nice dinner and break from partying on Bourbon.Me and my girlfriend really enjoyed ourself! First off the weather was perfect to sit outside while enjoying a drink and people watch on bourbon st. Our meal was extremely good and the service was just as great as the food!!!We came in for the beautiful decor, and I'm so glad we did. The staff is attentive, and the food is great. I can personally recommend the fried chicken sandwich and voodoo mojito.This place is a hidden gem among the slew of wall bars along Bourbon Street. We were in town during the Red Dress Run and calling the surrounding area a "hot mess" wouldn't even begin to describe it so we fell into this bar by chance. It's clean and in the perfect spot for people watching but nothing beats their food and its employees. The Cornet was by far our favorite place in New Orleans for hanging out and we even came back the next day. The ladies at the bar, Nikki (bartender) and Sherri (bar manager), were hilarious and kept the good times rolling. The manager, Joe, also took the time to come by and congratulate us because we were there on a bachelor(ette) trip! They have bloody marys that use a house infused vodka for extra flavor and are better than Pat O'Brien's. Delicious! But if you're not a fan of the tomato mix then definitely go with the martini version which has a spiced rim. They've got a full bar to choose from along with a nice tap selection. Of course, you can't drink too much without needing food and let me tell you, the alligator sausage that's on the menu is probably the best appetizer I've ever had.. anywhere. They also have fried shrimp available and a tater tot option that are worth ordering! The building is located on a corner so you don't miss out on any of the people watching. We will be back! Special "Thank You!" to Nikki, Sherri, and Joe for an unforgettable trip!"one second" in the kitchen, thousand years in the real world. Wrote a novel when we were waiting for the check...The food was delicious and the staff was super friendly ! We were are party of 12 with no reservation on a Saturday night and the manager got us sitting down within 45 min.  He was super friendly.  The service here is fast and it's in a great location.Excellent staff. Attentive and friendly.  The seafood gumbo was delicious.  I had the taste of New Orleans and was not disappointed.  I would go there again.Cornet offers delicious home-style meals that are truly phenomenal examples of what Cajun and Creole food is meant to taste!  Paired with the best Bloody Mary in New Orleans and the absolute best balcony on Bourbon Street, Cornet is a great place for both locals and visitors to enjoy. What more could you ask for? Infused-vodkas? Oh, they have those too. Special events rooms? Of course! As a local, Cornet is one of my French Quarter favorites!First time in Norleans. So far my favorite bar. Great location and the best Bartender hands down!  As a Bartender myself Brooke has the qualities and intuition of a true professional.  The food was also good!  Definitely coming backWalked into here soaking wet from edge of patricia last Sunday....aahh, nice place without booming music and delicious food, very reasonable...went back to watch world series, only bummed kitchen was already closed, other than that, great location, good food , will be back.I hate to leave a bad review, but this place was severely underwhelming. We got suckered in by extreme hunger and regret it. The waitress we had seemed like she couldn't understand a basic order. We had to repeat ourselves several times, and keep asking for things to be corrected. Then we waited OVER AN HOUR for food. We were about to give up and just leave to eat elsewhere and when we told our waitress that, she rushed off to the kitchen. It seemed like she forgot to put in our order, because she had to come back and clarify things AGAIN. Finally our food came out. It wasn't even that good, and the service was so so terrible. Do yourself a favor and find a more authentic restaurant.So far I'm very unhappy with their reservation online form. There is no spot to put how many are in my party or what time we would like to eat. I've had no confirmation, hopefully we will have a spot tonight when we show up at 7:30 . If not my review is staying at a 1 star. :(
It changed, only because of Heather! She sat us at a perfectly shady spot and was so attentive. The jambalaya was dry but the customer service made up for it.  Best food so far!For a late night eatery in the French quarter, one can't complain...the staff was super friendly, like most we've encountered. The one thing the server had no recommendations on the menu. When I see tater tots I order them! These, hmmm could have gone back, they were tasty when they were hot, once cold you could tell the cheese was nothing but a canned nacho cheese getting all coagulated. I had the crawfish Mac and cheese, the same cheese, I didn't mind it while hot but it was swimming in cheese that by the middle of my meal it was hard to continue eating. If in a late bind, a decent option at most.Great staff! I only drank beer so I can't attest to the drinks, but cost was reasonable. Food was good but the portion was not large. We had shrimp cocktail and red beans and rice with sausage. It was good and served fresh.
The balcony and location is what makes the place. Both are spectacular.Fun place to sit upstairs on the gallery/balcony and have dinner while watching the crazy down below on Bourbon Street. I enjoyed the fried green tomatoes and my red beans and rice, my wife found her fish dish to be bland.We have held a corporate event here for the past 10 years, sometimes with close to 400 people attending. The staff has always gone above and beyond to make sure our event was a success. The food is wonderful, especially the bread pudding.We had a great time at Cornet. Great ambiance, awesome view. We had the gumbo and the shrimp mac and cheese, everything was delicious!Ordered 4 separate dishes, the bbq shrimp, crab cakes, alligator sausage, and the crawfish mac and cheese. All 4 of the dishes were overly salted and extremely small in portion for the price. However the atmosphere was nice and the staff was friendly.The food here was amazing! Great service, great food, great location. I recommend the shrimp jubilee as an app and the seafood platter for a meal. Specifically, Wes was an amazing server. He went above and beyond for our party of 9!Didn't try any food so I cannot rate their food , it's a good bar good drinks I tried the Cajun martini ... enjoyed it .... bartenders were friendly nice ... it's a nice bar but my one criticism is it doesn't stand out.This was a disaster. We sat at the bar, ordered drinks - his beer arrived after about 10 mins, my Sazerac did not. We reminded the very short staffed bartender who apologized and quickly made it...  It was a good drink. 
We asked for food menus and were given them after another 10 minutes. We wanted to order some food - the menu looked great but we just couldn't get any service. We closed out the tab after 1 drink each. 
We felt bad for the bartender, she had a full house, and clearly should have had a second bartender scheduled with her. The man who seemed to be the manager was running around talking to people at tables. He should have been helping out the poor lady behind the bar.Best Grits i have ever eaten!
I had the Catfish and my wife had the Jambalaya.  The food and service was amazing.  We sat upstairs.Four of us shared a roast beef poboy and 2 orders of hot tots. The hot tots come with sort of hot sauce cream cheese that we weren't told about and had to scrape off to eat...didnt like the taste...tots didn't have as much cheese as expected. Tots were good and poboy was good...not the best I've had but good. Waitress was attentive, but hard to hear. Manager came by and asked how everything was. Atmosphere was good..cool on a hot evening.
Bathroom....dead roach...door needs tlcWent there for supper last night with my Pooh. He had the Crawfish Mac&cheese and I had the bbq ribs.
His Mac&cheese tasted like Mac&cheese but  had no crawfish taste and my ribs had to be cut with a knife - they were not melting in my mouth. Very disappointed.Holy crap!!! We were looking for a place to eat we stumbled on the Coronet when we got upstairs and sat on the patio overlooking Bourbon Street it was fantastic.... 
My friend ordered the seafood platter I ordered Fillet mignon. I wanted melted butter and they didn't do it but Heather got me butter put it in hot water melted the butter so I can enjoy my steak with melted butter talk about customer service Heather goes above and beyond!!!
So the food was great but Heather was what makes me want to come back!! It is the customer service that I enjoy !!! 
You can't miss her she has awesome red hair !!We ate here 3 times. The first time honey tried a Cajon mix sampler and the jambalaya stood out amongst the 3 samples as a clear winner flavor wise. I tried a bite & really loved it so I went back for lunch the next day and ordered just that. It was fantastic. I savored every bite! We went back again the day after that and honey had a full order of jambalaya... unfortunately, it was dry. The jambalaya is made first thing in the morning so with an inconsistent recipe, if it's dried out this can ruin it for everyone buying it that day. I had their crab cakes with remoulade sauce as a starter. Wow! They are good! Soft on the inside with a nice crispy exterior. Delicious. I'd eat jambalaya here again but I'd tell them my experience and ask to try a taste of it first to make sure it's a good day. Just a caveat, if you don't come here for the "entertainment" of Bourbon Street, ask for a table in the back. It's quieter.
UPDATE: Went back for a 4th time today for lunch and explained about the inconsistency in jambalaya moisture, the waitress knew exactly what I was saying and said the outcome is dependent on the cook of the day. I appreciate her honesty. She brought me a sampler in a pizza jalapeño sized container and it was AWESOME!! I had another delicious bowl! Yay!worst service ever. food was not that great. the server ner came to refill my drink so after waiting 10 minutes i got up and refilled it myself........ never again will i return to this restraunt when i return to louisianaWe came here because the reviews were so good! A really nice employee greeted us at the door with a smile welcoming us in! We had a party of 11 on a Thursday night which wasn't super busy! The employee said one moment please and walked over to the manager (who was in view of us) I see him say something and the manager shake his head "No" ... without even looking up. The nice employee walked up and said no we can't take you. Totally turned us away, no wait, no sorry just like no ... bye!4.5 stars
Had the redfish bullion. It's a seasoned redfish with a tomato broth/Buerre blanc sauce. Really good! Good balance of herbs and spices and it made a nice balanced meal with the starches and vegetables integrated into the dish. Surprising for bourbon st. Not a tourist trap like most other restaurants here. 
Redfish bullion score - 9/10 surprisingly good, it's nice to not be underwhelmed here.Can't stay away from the crab tomato salad.  Decided to try the gumbo.  Crab cakes with Alfredo pretty tasty too.10/22/2016 - Perfect balcony views of Bourbon Street
Cornet was right around the corner from where our Airbnb place was so it was super convenient to stop by. I was apprehensive at first thinking that it was a tourist trap. But we decided to give it a try. We walked in and a man host was about to sit us downstairs. I immediately said we wanted to eat lunch upstairs. He said "There are no seats, it is busy"...Hmmm, we decided to go check it our anyway. It was empty! and I mean 3 guys at the bar and a few tables outside. Really? I was not happy with the host that blatantly lied to us. 
The hostess upstairs told us that the only table outside was directly under the sun. But if we wanted to wait because there was a table about to leave on the other side. I liked her honesty so we decided to wait. Our server, Alex L., came by and brought us a few waters and took our drink order, 3 LARGE beers and 1 SMALL beer (that was mine). He also told us, in the cutest Louisiana accent, to hang tight that the table was about to leave and he would clean it up for us. Meanwhile we took a look at the menu and I immediately went for the Alligator Sausage and Gumbo dishes. 
We sat at the end of the balcony outside overlooking Bourbon Street. Alex brought the girls their Huge Ass Beers! ($15)and my Half Ass Beer ($6.). The grilled Alligator sausage was served with crostinis, creole mustard, and house-made pepper jelly ($14). There were plenty of sausage to share with the ladies...lol. The gumbo ($9) was quite tasty as well. 
Overall bill was $29 (excluding tax and gratuity)Came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon, greeted by Fabio at the door. Sat at the bar, three of us ordered, Cajun Platter, Blackened Catfish and Jubbilee Shrimp. Food was awesome service was the same. Sadie kept the drinks flowing and was very informative on the area.Late night dinner - 6 of us. Good service, put us on the balcony, which was great.
Had the crawfish Mac & cheese (after reading others' recommendation) - it was delicious!!
Hubs had crab cakes & shrimp jubilee. Loved both of them! 
Grandson had jambalaya - liked it just fine!
Other grandson had chicken sandwich, gave it 5 stars, son-in-law liked it, too.
All in all, a good experience, good food and nice dinner. 
On my list of recommendables!!!Terrible food. Had a steak, mac and cheese and vegetables that tasted like they were frozen. Great balcony seating though.We came here on Christmas Day and a party of 3 we shared the Big Ass Seafood platter, Jambalaya and Crayfish Etouffe.  Everything was typical New Orleans and good. The service was fine but nothing spectacular.The charm of The Cornet is the atmosphere. Welcoming, friendly wait staff ready to meet your needs. We had the Jubilee shrimp appetizer. Great. Reynard waited on us and he was great.  The manager came by to make sure we were ok.  Really nice folks.  I would recommend the Coronet to everyone.  My husband had a mint Julie and I had a southern comfort on the rocks.  Yummm!We made a reservation for a large bachelorette party approximately 3 months ago. We asked to be seated outside on the balcony and they were happy to accommodate this request. We had to call multiple times to change times and party #s (don't judge me; you try planning a Bach party for 13 girls:)). Tina happened to answer the phone every time and was super nice about all the changes. When we arrived we were sat quickly. The manager mentioned that a storm was coming but he would set up a table inside for us just in case. Sure enough, a huge storm rolled through and we were able to move.  Our food was very good and came out quickly. Overall great experience.Came in around 7pm, the restaurant wasn't that busy and we were quickly seated.  However, we waited an hour to get our food. When the food finally came it was good. We asked for the waiter to split up the check (there were 4 of us). The waiter was visibly bothered, and it took him another 30 minutes to bring our checks. All told, despite the food, it was not a pleasant experienceThe atmosphere was good along with the food. The crab cake appetizer was extremely good. The Blackened catfish was very tasty. It had a bit of bite to it. A good stop during your visit.Stopped at Cornet for a cocktail and a snack. We ordered the Pimms cup, Sazerac, and fried green tomatoes. The Pimms cup was so refreshing, the fried green tomatoes were crunchy and made to order. It was accompanied by a Creole honey mustard. Awesome!!! The bartender was prompt and good with recommendations.Food and drink perfect.  You'd never expect it but best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Food was great too.I have mixed feelings about this place.  We visited two times while in NO.  The first experience was GREAT!  Our bartender Nikki was beyond wonderful!  I ended up getting a migraine before I could even take a sip of the delicious Pimms Cup that she made me.  She immediately asked what she could do and help.  She sat us in a darker corner of the restaurant and brought water and an energy drink (which helps).  We received our food very quickly and it was actually pretty good.  The experience was made by Nikki, though.  We came another time for a quick drink and it was the worst experience of our entire trip!  There was literally not one other person in the entire place and we waited for help.  Once she came and we ordered the EXACT same drinks we had two days prior, they were disgusting.  No craft at all to the sazarac, it was made with sour mix.  My Pimms Cup was also made with too much sour mix.  It was really a disappointment, especially since the time before was so lovely.  So thank you Nikki for making our experience at Cornet a really great one!  So..... five stars for her!Stopped in for a few drinks with a friend and was quickly greeted by Amy! She suggested the blueberry hill infused vodka which was absolutely delicious and refreshing. Amy gave us fantastic and friendly service. I would highly recommend this bae to anyone!Gross. We came here for the view and the half off appetizer. When we told him we had the deal, he seemed irritated and when he was bringing out or appetizer he said are you going to actually get an entree? Confused we said yes and he seemed a little more please tell but not much. I ordered the lemon chicken. Literally it was LOADED with salt. It was so bad I couldn't even finish it. The chicken was I swear was pork. It was the same color and consistency but it was basically a salt lick. I told him I couldn't eat it because it was so bad and he said he would tell the manager and they took it off my bill but still very disappointing. I guess since they have such a prime location they don't think they need quality food. Disappointed. Don't waste your time.Fantastic food, service with a smile with a great view of Bourbon Street. What more could you want!Food was delicious, service was great, but the serving size is very small for the price. I ordered the shrimp creole for $18, it was about one cup serving size on a very shallow plate and came with one thin slice of bread. Similarly, my friend ordered the crawfish Mac and cheese for $18 and was not filling. We've dined at several other similar restaurants in the area that gave us more bang for our buck.Right on bourbon street. Had the alligator, gumbo and Caesar salad. Salad seemed a little overpriced ($17), but the gumbo was delicious, very well seasoned. I ended up enjoying the alligator but I don't know if I could really tell if I was eating a beef sausage either. But it may be my palate. Husband ordered the big ass beer here. Fun!Randomly stopped in for a late lunch. I had the shrimp and okra, it was pretty good, there seemed to only be one waitress working and the balcony was closed. But we were here during the off season I guess. We were seated immediately and there was no problem with having the kids there.Normally food can be hit or miss on bourbon street, but this place has awesome food. We had drinks and appetizers one afternoon, and they were so good that we brought out group here for dinner that same night! Their trio of Mac n cheese, gumbo and jambalaya was perfect. Best gumbo on the trip!Great food & great service.......our server, Renee, was probably the best server we had on our trip to NOLA.Just say no!
We were rushed in, but that was the only thing that happened in a hurry. 
The crawfish etouffee had hard, stale rice. Our chicken sandwich and order of hush puppies never came. Drinks were not refilled and the checks were inaccurate. What a hassle!
Keep walking, folks. There's better food in New Orleans.Never go here!!!!! They tried to scam us so many times by "forgetting" our order and bringing out the more expensive gourmet burger. After we were nice and decided to just eat that so that we didn't have to wait for another burger, he charged us for the gourmet burger even though it was his fault for not remembering the correct order. My friend also tried to get a beer and chose the "large" instead of the "huge". Of course the waiter brought out the huge, so that they could get more money out of us. 
This place is a horrible establishment that no one should ever go to. They make a business out of scamming naive and drunk tourists by up charging their food and drinks and making people pay more than they actually deserve to pay. Luckily we are not tourists and caught them in their scamming !!!Just got to sample their jambalaya and Bloody Mary at the Bloody Mary bash at Tchoup Yard tonight and it was amazing. The jambalaya is some of the best I have tasted and to be served out of a chaffing dish, I can just imagine how it is fresh in the kitchen. Their Bloody Mary was also my favorite if the evening.This is the first place we ate on a recent weekend getaway/vacation to NOLA and this was by far my favorite place we ate at. I had the local beer, Abita, and it was wonderful. I also had the Shrimp Creole and it was hands down one of the best meals I have ever eaten in my life!! So delicious, spicy and full of flavor. Bartender was friendly, and the atmosphere was good. We plan on going back to New Orleans again soon and Cornets will be on the list of places to revisit for sure!!Good food crapy service. I don't like to wait 20 min before my order is taken. Then the food comes and the waiter never came backWow it's been a year!!!!! 
And still hands down our fave place for handcrafted drinks, our girl Adrianne is absolutely AMAZING! 
We noticed a few changes in the menu but quite honestly quality still good, quantity might b a bit less but still worth it. If you're in town make sure you check them out and don't forget to ask for Adrianne !!!!I tried the crawfish etouffee, sauce was watery and had no flavor.  Wait staff was very nice and brought me another dish,  a jambalaya with pasta dish,  which was better but not consistent with Cajun cuisine.We love the Coronet. We come here every year. The Jubilee Shrimp are to die for and their fry is the best. Nice and light. Window table with great food and drinks. What's not to like. Anjelica our server was excellent. I highly recommend The Coronet.MINORITIES BEWARE!!  You will not be served!   My husband, his two colleagues and myself were strolling about bourbon street this past weekend, looking for a lower-key spot to have drinks.  We aren't the rowdy type walking around with the fishbowl of liquor, we were looking for a placed that served drinks in real glassware.  We happened to be of African-American and Asian descent.  We stumbled upon Cornet and walked inside to sit at the bar.  A bartender was taking 2 white couples's order, so we waited patiently.  Then she came back to take their 2nd round of drink orders.  We were still waiting.  No water, no "we'll be right with you, absolutely NO acknowledgement.  We sat for about 15 minutes.  There was another bartender there who promptly began to clean once she served her food.  I then got up and talked to the lame door-keep who was a Fabio wannabe.  I told him the situation, as he greeted us when we walked in.  He then walked over to the bartenders and feigned concern for us.  At that time, we just got up and left.  No one tried to stop us, no one said a thing.  I guess since we were not drunken white New York Ranger fans, we were invisible.  I guess white money is all they're after.  Shame on them.  It's 2017 for God's sake, really?!  As we were walking out, another black couple was walking in.  I wished them luck as we had none.  If you're not white, stay away or they will push you away.Really good food but nothing spectacular. Great location on Bourbon. Service was decent. Prices were kinda high even by NOLA standards.Cornet, 
Balcony seating if you arrive early enough and food service was quick.  
MARCY was a fantastic server and we could not have asked for better inside info on the food order.
My wife loved the corn bisque and the red beans and rice was also very good and traditional NOLA style.  
Prices were typical NOLA also.  70 for 2 people w a drink each and a filling meal.   
Great value for the seating option. 
Please tip your server!!!Food and service we great. Only one option for someone GF/DF but that's not entirely on them.  I'm grateful for the staff knowing recipes so at least they were able to get me something safe.Nothing but good to say about this place. What could be better than sitting on a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street with an awesome Bloody Mary and some of the best creole food I've ever had? The service couldn't have been better. It was a little pricier than I had planned on, but I can't say I didn't get my money's worth. Definitely visiting again next time I'm in town.Had nice jambalaya rice and beans.  Bartender needs to learn to make a martini. Had cosmo and a dirty and was mostly mix. Boring.  With all the choices in the quarter probably won't return.So, we tried Spirits. It was ok but we wanted something a little less Bourbon (within reason, of course) and with less Sysco-y food stuff. More of an adult, chill place to hang out in a super touristy area. By sight alone, this place looked like what we wanted and it hit the spot!
Our bartender, Sherry, was great. She was just right amount of Bourbon (voluptuous! but the uniform is tacky, obviously) while still being absolutely lovely. We tried a couple cocktails and my boyfriend got one of those booty beers (another Bourbon thing but this was witty so it was cool). The cocktails were fabulous, the BF said the amber was great. 
We had a really fun time. We didn't go upstairs, it was pretty cold anyway, but we got Hot Tots and Jambalaya. Both were really yummy. Perfect bar food that didn't really taste like it was from a bag. No complaints on the food. Pricing is what you get for the area.
One weird thing, and maybe it's because we are from west LA where smoking has been illegal outside and inside forever. The guy at the door smoked a couple cigarettes while we were there, and was basically inside while he was doing it at some points. Struck us as really strange but maybe he was caught up in the moment, lol. idk, maybe that's (smoking) normal here. I guess I DID see ashtrays in a few other places.
Anyway, we were generally happy with our time here. Prices were a bit high for what we got and compared to the other places we went, even on Bourbon but like I said, not surprising.
Visited: Friday (Feb 2016)Meal was ok.  Service slow. Dropped one plate of food and had to refire  several people came to bar to order and left because no one served them.  I asked the bartender to go see a gentleman who had been sitting at bar for 5 minutes.  Oh and my food didn't come as it was supposed to be after dropping on floor.We sat downstairs; I didn't think much of the atmosphere other than the opportunity to people watch on Bourbon street. The food was ok; I found the price high for the quality of the food. The portion size was adequate. They made a big fuss about providing a vegetarian option for someone in my party. In the end they did agree to make a grilled cheese. They have a great beer selection; I would go back anytime for a drink. The staff was friendly.There is nothing not to like about this place....except maybe the price. Considering the quality and amount of food though, it's worth it. The crawfish etoufee is a must! Had me licking my fingers! I also enjoyed an infused bloody mary quality was phenomenal! :) I also recommend their pecan pie to finish off the meal! Ask for Angelica she was friendly and genuine as was the rest of the staff. Thanks again Angelica!We got roped in by a promoter at the front door on bourbon street because we were looking for lunch. Ordered the tour of New Orleans. Could have been better. Wasn't very hot and service wasn't great. I'd try somewhere else before going here!Amazing service!  Heather is a phenomenal bartender.   Best Bloody Mary by far!    I highly recommend this place.We wanted to see the craziness that is Bourbon Street after dark but we didn't want to walk it so we decided to do a late dinner. If you order food you are able to sit on the top level of this restaurant and rubber neck. They knew gluten free really well and made me a special meal. I will warn you that it is VERY spicy. But we both liked our food and service!We had a late dinner here last night and had a great time. The service was very friendly and we were able to get a table on the balcony overlooking Bourbon Street. Our view of the action was great. All the food we ordered was tasty. The ribs and crawfish macaroni and cheese in particular got rave reviews.The worst food I have ever had. Super expensive and greasy:/ I was so excited but what a disappointmentFood was awesome. From the fried green tomatoes to hush puppies to res beans and rice to po'boy to the cheddar grits. Awesome on the terrace. Would be remiss not mention the awesome service and staff.  Will definitely be back for sure.Make sure you get savannah she is the bomb also get the blueberry hill it hits the spotExcellent food, superb service. Loved the fried catfish and pecan pie. We went for an early dinner, so I'm not sure what this place is like after dark, but I would definitely come back when I'm in town.This place was nothing but one disappointment after another. First we waited 30 minutes for a table after being told there was no wait. Then we waited for 45 minutes for our food with no warning. Then the food was overcooked and tasted off. Then they refused to take it off. Then there was no condiments to make it taste better and after asking twice they still didn't bring us any. Then the manager was incredibly rude to us. Then there was no soap, paper towels or toilet paper in the bathroom. Overpriced garbage. Don't waste your time or money.I just stopped in this little divey bar just to check out the gumbo. I give it a "C". I was expecting to be blown away being in 'Nawlins.
The gumbo had a mild spice so it shouldn't cause any pain. There was a nice balance of shrimp. I didn't notice any andouille at all. There were a couple of tiny crab claws tgat certainly added flavor although they were so small that I didn't get any meat from them.
The service was fast and very friendly. Nikki was behind the bar and was very welcoming. I bet you this would be a fun place to hang out to watch sports.
There are too many places in 'Nawlins to eat for me to make a return visit even though the rest of the menu looks good. Remember I only had a bowl of gumbo.
OK, so Nikki tells me how good the crab cakes are so I decide to stay for an appetizer order of crab cakes described.as "All thriller, no filler!" The description is 100% accurate. These crab cakes seem to be all meat. And they top them with a creamy crawfish sauce with a huge amount of peeled crawfish tails. Now somebody tell me, "Who has a job of peeling crawfish tails?"
The service here is incredibly speedy. I barely ordered and my food arrived. They must have mind-readers in the kitchen.
I did expect a little more spicey but everything was good.
I was trying to leave and Nikki offered dessert.
"What do you have?"
I stop her when she gets to pecan pie.  In my world pecan pie is a religion so I had to to give it try.
"Holy mother of God!" I can die a happy man. On my death bed I will send someone to get me a pieice of this pie and I will refuse to pass on until I get to eat it one more time. But wait, this has to be the same pecan pie that is served.in heaven. This pecan pie earns an extra star.
GET THE PECAN PIE!!!!!!!Of ALL of the places along Bourbon Street, this is hands down - the best in my opinion. The service is quick and the staff are friendly. I was seated right away and was able to select a table outdoors on their balcony overlooking Bourbon Street. The waitress we had was incredibly helpful in breaking down the food and drink menu. Be sure to check-in, on Yelp, and get a free appetizer. For my free appetizer, I ordered the crab cakes. The crabmeat is made up of hearty chunks of juicy crabmeat, covered in crawfish sauce topped with actual sautéed shrimp. The dish comes with two crab cakes which are good enough to share with a friend and still have room for your entree. For my main course, I ordered the $16.00 "Crawfish Mac N Cheese." I wasn't sure what to expect, as I've never had crawfish but I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it. The cheese isn't thick but it still has the right amount of creamy saucy taste to it. I can not wait to go back to NOLA to have this dish again! While, I didn't have desserts, their dessert menu looks delicious. Come hungry because you will without a doubt leave full! Great affordable place with a laid back and fun atmosphere. I highly recommend this spot to anyone looking for affordable, traditional food with a great view. I will definitely be returning to this spot for sure.This place is really cool and the food looked good.  Popped in for a cocktail at the bar and wow, the female bartender had a horrible attitude.  She chased away several couples as they were just checking the place out. Snapped at her fellow employees, they apparently didn't like her either as they laughed at her. We left, too many other places here to choose from.  In thirty minutes that I sat there, taking this all in, she probably cost that place over 200 dollars.  As a business owner, it was sad to watch this.Dinner on a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street, what could be more perfect? Nice atmosphere, attentive waitress and good food all combined to make this a great experience. We started with alligator sausage with pepper jelly on baguettes. Alligator was a tasty local appetizer that we enjoyed thouroghly at this time and other restaurants. I followed it with an essential Louisiana dish, red beans and rice with sausage accompanied by buttered cornbread. He had Shrimp Jambalaya Pasta and was equally as happy with his choice. His drink of choice was no surprise, a Bloody Mary. It was one of the better versions he had on the trip. I had a blueberry specialty drink that went down quite smoothly as well. As a nice added bonus, we asked our waitress which ghost tour she recommended and she ran and grabbed some brochures for us. One of the tour guides came through and saw us reading them. He chatted with us for quite a while and as a result that's the company we ended up going with. No regrets. It was a great time!Awesome cocktails.  Hurricanes are home made ! Not the mix stuff!  Blueberry hill is amazing and bloody Mary's are nice and spicy :).  Crab cakes we are fantastic!  Crawfish Mac n cheese - very good !  Pastalaya was also very good. Great place to eat and relax with a few beverages on bourbon!  We sat on balcony and people watched .  VERY NICE!we came in here while waiting for preservation hall.    perfect seating on the balcony overlooking the line, and a waitstaff that was really great.   one of the waiters let me use his phone charger, I gave him a good tip for that.    while waiting I had drinks.   we had a bunch of things.   I had the red beans   SUPER yum... smokey goodness.   the alligator sausage   fried green tomatoes, gumbo, salads and beyond.  the only thing that wasn't good was the fried oysters on the salad.   the coating needs some flavor.    it was like just rolled in flour and deep fried leaving nothing flavor wise to savor.   so that didn't get finished, other than that it was a great meal, great service, great  view and great drinks. 
good new orleans styled food with a great view.
here's to all that.I was disappointed after being invited in for dinner off the street by the manager himself, just for my friend and I to get in there and be rushed along as they were getting ready to close. The food was Meh. The prices were ok, I guess. I just hate that i was all but forced to take my food to go. It was only ok from start, it tasted even less so after being reheated. Given the service and the food, I honestly don't think that i'll be back. I had so many other much much better experiences and food while in New Orleans that I just can't see wasting any more time in this establishment.Our server was Nicolas and he was very welcoming. Being our first time in New Orleans, we really didn't know what to order from the menu and asked his opinion. He recommended local beers that tasted pretty good. The food he recommended (Blackened Catfish, Deep Fried Red Fish, and Tour of New Orleans), all of which we order, tasted amazing and was a great beginning to a good filled trip.
We sat on the 2 floor balcony where you get a great view of Bourbon St.
Service 5, Food 4, Location 4Stopped by at cornet for a short lunch break.
Great location. 
Good design
Nicky our server was great.
We just got  drinks so can't  tell you about food.
But atmosphere is great.I think this place would've been great if it wasn't for the horribly rude bartender. She clearly has been there or in the business too long and needs to find a new job. Rude to guests and fellow employees. I wish she had a name tag on but she didn't. Short dark hair with a bad attitude. You lost quite a bit of business tonight because of her.  Cool atmosphere there tho and the food coming out looked good.Cute restaurant in the center of action in the French quarters but slightly away from the bar strip. Short wait less than 10 min to get a seat outside on the balcony. Calamari was fresh but batter was on the salty side. Props to the checkin discount on Yelp for pushing me to try it tho! Ordered the ribeye and swapped out the jambalaya (has pork in it) for Mac and cheese. Ribeye was delicious, although ordering it to be medium cooked actually means rare here. Mac and cheese was creamy, and side of vegetable that came out was nothing special and seemed to be from a frozen bag. Finished the night off with pecan pie with a massive food coma. Service was attentive but not annoying.The view from the outside terrace is what makes this place. The prices are a bit high, and the food is very hit or miss. I ordered red beans and rice dish and was quite pleased. However, my partner ordered a shrimp po boy and was very displeased. It was very dry and only contained bread and shrimp. We were under the impression po boys also had a special sauce to go with them. If your priority is people watching, go here. If your priority is food, there are countless better culinary choices for the area. Shout out to our waitress Angelica for being really nice and friendly, though! I felt like she was trying to make the place better than what it really is.It's incredible that everything we got was excellent! We had: crawfish etouffe (x2), crawfish mac n cheese, St. Louis BBQ ribs, and the hush puppies. And even though we ate here before 4yrs ago we were blown away and will now come here every time for sure.The 50% off one appetizer drew us in. We kept walking up and down the street and decided to give this place a try for dinner and it has an average of four star ratings.  The place is very big, not many people were in it each time we walked by and we just wanted a quiet meal. 
Our server was very personable and friendly.  We really enjoyed that. I wish I knew sitting on the balcony was an option because at the time I didn't know! We ordered the taste of New Orleans which had very good crawfish and Mac and cheese. We also split the fried seafood platter. The restaurant itself kind of struck me as a very commercialized place to eat compared to some authentic places but still very good. 
Con: portions of the tour of New Orleans were very small.ASK FOR TEENYA!!! She is a FANTASTIC server and will definitely get you set up with a great meal. I saw flyers for this place when I arrived to the city and got a few recommendations to come here. I'm so glad I did! Great prices, great food, great drinks. I'll be back for certain!We returned this place after a few months ago loving it, to our surprise this was a very poor experience!!We asked for balcony seating when we were taken to our seats there was only 2 chairs when we had a party of 4. We looked for a couple of empty chairs and when we asked the party that was seated at the table if they were going to use them they offered them to us, then their waiter came and told us NO! he would be short for his table. We went back to the hostess who then went over and took the same 2 chairs. When our waiter came we ordered drinks and app. along with our dinner. After 15 min. the drinks were not there yet, when we asked the waiter he said "when I get them you'll get them" ??? Another 5 min. the drinks came still no App. After 30 min. total we asked where the app was and the waiter said OH I didn't know you wanted that before dinner? When we said yes and where is the dinner? "I'll check" Now after 35 minutes both the dinners and the App showed up at the same time!! The App was the only hot thing to be severed!! We called for the waiter and told him after 35 min. the dinners are COLD! and the app was the only thing that was hot, we asked for the MGR. who came and asked what the problem was when we told him that the time we waited and then the dinners were cold he said "okay, let me take these". Gone was the cold dinners and with that we waited. another 10-15 min. we asked the waiter where is our food? the waiter said "your bill is comped and your all set to go!!!! Really? (not would you like anything else) More like it felt like please go now!! We left and if I could give lower then a 1 star I would!!
Please stay away!!Nikkie was an extremely friendly person after one of the worst meals ever... Dickie Brennans...
Best service AND drink on Bourbon!
She works in bar area and everyone in bar was laughing and having fun!The food and the ambiance was perfect.we will be returning next time we're in new orleans.I caint wait!!!!Awesome food, great service with a cozy atmosphere! 9 of us came out for dinner and Cornet did not disappoint! Try the Crawfish Etoufee and Shrimp Jubilee...so delicious!Great food,  great atmosphere. Sat upstairs on the balcony. Service was great. Had the shrimp with okra sauce. Was able to look over into bourbon st.Horrible service. I get that it's on bourbon but when your sitting at a table for 20 mins with waiters starting right at you knowing that know one is servicing you, it is extremely disappointing. It took 20 mins just to get drinks, one being a premise drink and the other just vodka and orange so it was ridiculous. Then when we decided to move upstairs we were the only 3rd full table to seat inside where we can be seen from everyone and no one even came up to get our orders. They didn't even care that we just got up and left. Will never be going back.Cornet.... The bane of my food experience in New Orleans.  My friends and I booked a table here on Open Table.  We decided to eat somewhere close to our hotel.  That's about the only thing this place has going for it... LOCATION.
Cornet is located in the heart of the French Quarter on Bourbon Street.  The restaurant features an awesome wrought iron dining balcony that wraps around the upper level. The views of Bourbon Street are spectacular.  The atmosphere is fun and casual... perfect for tourists popping in from Bourbon?
The servers were friendly and accommodating.
Unfortunately, that's where the good stops.
I'm a bit of a lush so it's difficult to surprise me with a bad drink.  Booze is booze!  But the drinks were lousy.  If you decide to drink here maybe stick to the basics like a mint julep or draft beer.
The food was mediocre at best.  Bar food perhaps?  The food gave the impression that it had been microwaved.  
Location isn't everything... the drinks and the food are where a restaurant needs to succeed.
Don't dine here when there are so many great restaurants in New Orleans!The food is filling and what you expect. Not fab but not bad..but The bloody mary is one of the best I've ever had! Service at the bar is friendly and prompt!Two of us shared seafood Mac n cheese and red beans and rice. Food was excellent. Service was excellent.  Wait staff were superb and made great suggestions. I would definitely recommend.If you are in New Orleans, this place is a MUST. The head chef is incredibly personable, and very talented! Great atmosphere, and even better food!!!!Had a great bone in prime rib, one of the best I have eatn in 50 years. Service was good and quick. Good beer, seating right above Bourbon St,It was great being able to make reservations on a Friday night (via OpenTable). 
Overall the service was good and the food is good.
At first, the idea of sitting on the balcony seemed great but when you have a large group, sit inside, especially on a hot day. It's air conditioned inside. Part of the group had their back to the street and if one had to go to the restroom, all on that side had to get up. NOT the restaurant's fault. I asked to sit here.
The server seemed a little confused when we asked her to split the check but she figured it all out.
I say try this place at least once. Enjoy the view below.This is a great place to sit upstairs with friends, drinks, and every app on the menu to share. You will not be disappointed.My husband I were just in town vacationing and took a moment to sit and enjoy a beverage here.  Nikki and Wendy were so nice and very informative with suggestions.  
I had a lovely totally from scratch daiquiri (no bottled juice here which is really hard to find... perfection!) and their Jubilee Shrimp starter... lightly battered so all the great shrimp flavor and texture came through tossed in the house made "jubilee" sauce (think slightly spicy Thousand Island dressing)... so many places over batter their shrimp that you can hardly find much less get to enjoy the shrimp... not this place (thanks again Nikki for the suggestion).  I even shared a few with my husband...
maybe next time we'll actually stay for dinner... I hear their crawfish mac and cheese is fantastic... So ladies, save us a place at the bar...Service was slow as hell. We ordered the strongest drinks and it literally contained no alcohol (supposed to have everclear and rum). We brought this to the attention of our waiter and he just brushed it off.  The was actually really good, but the poor service and the scam of a bar is what will prevent us from ever returning.Are blackened fish w crawfish on top n corn Mac que on bottom great
N real Cajun gumbo
Great service n great atmosphereThis is my new favorite restaurant in NOLA. First the upper level balcony seating is smack in the middle of (non-construction) Bourbon street and I could have spend many more hours people watching down below....from the performing artists, to the drug addicts, to the drunk tourists...entertainment at its finest! Second, the food was delicious...so were the drinks. Third, all reasonably priced. I had the gator sausage and fried green tomatoes and my friend had the lemon chicken. All were so darn delicious, well seasoned and just YUMMY! The watermelon cucumber house drink was quite refreshing on a hot and humid day! This will definitely be my go-to place whenever I'm back in this crazy, wild town.Great food! Calamari is fantastic and the the Cajun Martini is where it's at hands down! Christop was great with recommendations definitely coming back !!This place has a lot of history. We enjoyed reading all about it.  The drinks were great as well as the foodSo disappointed.  Brisket was not hot, but tough, fatty, and very little of it.  The barbecue sauce that came on the side was even colder.  They could have just brought out the cheap bottle the sauce had been poured out of.  The cole slaw tasted like kerosene.  I literally had to spit it into my napkin. This place was more like cheap bar food than a cheap bar food.