Our food was just okay I had the chicken sandwich and fries.  I ended up leaving my bin and fries.  $13 for a piece of chicken.Great Bloody Mary!   If you like these at all, try theirs.  Good po boy.  Great catfish.  They served us pretty late and were all every polite.  I've seen the service be a little slow in there but not the worst I've ever seen.  Give it a try!The worst meal we have had in the 30+ years we have been visiting this lovely city!!
No oysters at 7:30pm on Tues night - cold pasta & chicken alfredo & Crawfish NOT purged/cleaned!! Tim was very disappointed.Not great...would have been one star, except our waitress was good.  My food was clearly made way before I ordered it and might have been microwaved, but it wasn't warm so I am not sure.  They brought a horrible loaf of bread. lt really would have been better if they skipped it.People... seriously? You need to review a place for what it is. This isn't brunch at the Ritz; it's a hole in the wall breakfast joint/fried food spot. 
You will get in and out of this place as fast or slowly as you'd like. You should also appreciate that things tend to move a bit slower in this city, so why not calm down and take it all in... why must we always be in a rush to get to the next place? Enjoy the moment you're in and take it for what it is and you will not be disappointed by this place. New Orleans is also not exactly known for being quiet so, if the noise of the street blows through the open windows with a breeze or there's a tv or 2 on this really shouldn't bother you.
The breakfast is nothing fancy but it's delicious! The servers are friendly and the bloody mary's are perfect! I often wake up in Atlanta wishing I was back at home to have one.This was was the BOMB! I had the blackened shrimp nachos, the game day platter and this drink called the Voodoo Brew. Our waitress Angie had so much energy and was so fun - all of the other staff was incredibly friendly, attentive, and really got out party started. Other people in my party ordered the gumbolaya and I tried it and it was delicious. Definitely going to head back here again soon!Stopped here a couple times, just passing by.
First time was just to kill time before a tour. Went in to refill on the alcohol. Bartender was a gentlemen, very proper. I can't recall the last time I was treated by an actual bartender as opposed to just an employee tending the alcohol. Bartender Etiquette is nearly lost!
But not here. Too bad I forgot to take his name.
Second time, we were out in the French Quarter, got late on us, and if you haven't already noticed, EVERYTHING except for over-crowded Bourbon St is closed! We were starving and wanted a place to have a meal (not some quick fried chicken, which i wrote a review about as well). This place was open! Forget what time they close, but when we arrived, I didn't realize they were close to closing! We didn't get any stares or bad service. I didn't realize they were closing until it was time to go and the door had to be opened for us. LOVED that I wasn't rushed or FELT rushed. Love it! 
No particular reason as to why I didn't give them the 5th star. That 5th star is saved for over the top impressions. I didn't spend enough time here or come often enough to give it that trial.
We had the Alligator here and I have to say, this is where I preferred it. The mustard sauce is a little heavy on the plain 'ol mustard flavor, but I didn't mind it as much as the bf (he doesn't like mustard). 
Oh, yeah, one thing, do NOT order the oyster shot. That thing was terrible. And I love Oysters. And I love me some bloody mary mix. This shot was very reminiscent of a bloody mary mix and it was terribly executed. They HAVE to improve that recipe. Oyster House needs a strong Oyster Shot! ---then name it the MG Oyster Shot. Because i gave them the idea. ^_^ (hey worth the shot)Had to wait 20 mins, while there were 7 free tables, not reserved. We left because the host completely ignored us. Other friends, who stayed behind, said the service was terrible.The Sampler is $20 but two people can easily split it and have a great taste of NOLA cuisine. Bartender was super nice. Great atmosphere!!  Also, the Gumbalaya is really good!!!Our waitress, Angie, was gracious and friendly, and so helpful. The wait staff makes me want to return again! If only every waitress in the french quarter was as sweet as she is. Will return for her!I wanted to go to café du monde, but the damn line was down the street, and it was raining. Since I had come in to New Orleans, I had wanted to try some oysters. There was another oyster bar not far that I had wanted to go to more, but I had a hungry fiancé, who becomes increasingly impatient and cranky when he's hungry, so we opted for them instead of the further walk. Next time though! I had the fried oyster platter, I thought for $17 it was too expensive for 6 oysters and fries. My fiancé had a smoked sausage po boy. That was pretty good, never had something like that, and it defiantly had an interesting taste. I don't think I'll go again just because there are so many good restaraunts to try.The food looked good but the service horrendous.
It took several minutes to get seated with a party of six because there was no host or hostess at their station
Once seated it was several minutes before our waiter even showed up.
We wanted only appetizers and small plates but we noticed that several smaller party's of two and four and five which were seated after us were getting their food. We ordered beer and I ordered an oyster shooter and it took several minutes more than I thought to get our drink order. All of this was occurring as the establishment was beginning to clear out after what appeared to be the lunch crowd. 
and so after 30 minutes  of waiting after we ordered in which many of the groups seated after us were not only eating their food but finishing up. And waiting about a hour after the crowd had left We decided to cancel our order with Lester and all he did was promptly provide us our bill. In fact this was the only thing he was prompt at.
 There was no manager to complain to and when we cancelled our order we promptly paid for our drinks in which I never got the oyster shooter.
With so many good eating establishments in New Orleans this one should just go away if this is the type of service they provide.We came here a few years ago and had some delicious hurricanes and amazing Oysters. This time all I got was food poisoning. I ordered a po boy sandwich as 10pm and the shrimp must have been sitting out all day. I was up at 12:30am with the sweats, the chills and sever vomiting. NEVER AGAIN. Booh Corner Oyster House, Booh!Avoid this place at all costs. Food mediocre and kitchen ridiculously slow. We stopped in for a "quick" lunch. Stuffed crab cake was ice cold in the center. Not cool. Ice cold. Guess they didn't microwave it long enough. Lesson learned : never stop without checking Yelp.This place is disgusting.  Terrible food and the rudest manager I have ever encountered in 56 years.Stay away!  My family and I ate at this overpriced restaurant because the location was convenient.  The food is overpriced and lack luster but worst of all I got food poisoning!  Yup,  threw up the entire four hour drive home.  I will never make that mistake again. (And I know it was them as this was the only place I ate all day.)While waiting for the St Paddy's parade tonight we decided on an early dinner. Right on the corner and handy to the parade route was this place. (One star for location) First thing we noticed was it looked somewhat clean (for a New Orleans joint) and the music was not making the tables jump up and down by themselves. ( Second  star for being able to hear each other and carry on a conversation).
We asked for and did get a window seat. That was the best thing for the rest of stay. Wife ordered a beer. I ordered a Hurricane. That's what your suppose to order when in NOLA, right? Wrong, not here. I asked the waitress if it had alcohol and she assured me it did. Pretty sure it was dry. I asked her to take it back and make a new one. She came back with the same drink and said "we will need to charge you for a shot"". REALLY? Her excuse was that not all bartenders makes drinks the same way.  
Last time I checked a Hurricane usually has rum in it. I told her to take it back and ordered a margarita. How bad could that be? I think it came straight from the mix bottle from Wynn Dixie. I gave up on that and we ordered an appetizer. Shrimp Nachos. Pretty easy, right? Twenty five minutes later we get a plate with not only Cheese-Wiz but COLD cheese wiz and some of the smallest shrimp I've seen in a long time. About another twenty minutes and our Crawfish Po-Boy finally shows up. Okay, I'm a northener and maybe not the best judge of Po-Boys, but I don't think they are all like this one was. A cold and very stale-dry over sized hot dog roll, no dressing, a small amount of shredded lettuce, two thin tomato slices, a hand full of pickels and some warm crawfish tails with no dressing. Very dry sandwich,, no taste at all. Also included on the plate were frozen french fries. Utensils were not on the table, 
Both men's and ladies (so I was told) bathrooms were less than pleasant.
Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.My last day of New Orleans. A bittersweet moment. I was low on money, and my stomach was growling as I wandered the streets of the Quarter at around 8pm, reading through various menus of these wonderful restaurants sitting all throughout these streets. While most were nice, most were pricey. I didn't want any type of food neither too, no, I wanted something authentic. Something I wasn't able to have in Chicago. After a while, my desperation grew to tremendous new height that when I came across this establishment, the Corner Oyster House, I said to myself, 'whatever, I'm starving, I'll just go eat here'.
Good choice? Sure. Great choice? Probably not, but it's hard for me to judge. I wanted the seafood platter that they had on their menu, but unfortunately, they did not have enough crab that night to serve me. So I went for something else, this intriguing dish that I could not even pronounce (still can't pronounce), which was 'etouffee'. I love trying new things, so I thought it sounded great.
When it was finally served to me, my initial reaction was that it looked like gumbo, but the taste was far different. This was much richer in spices, and there was a lot more of this to eat rather than a little bowl; this was a full plate size! In my dish there were different types of meats and crawfish as well, mixed, or should I say 'smothered', in rice, that made out to be an all around delicious meal. Love me some seafood!
The interior of the restaurant was just your average everyday sports bar. I did like that the ceiling was filled with blankets/sheets of professional sports teams from across the nation. Also, when you go into the mens bathroom and take a leak in the urinal, you'll see a lovely photo of New Orleans' Saints' hero, Drew Brees, directly above it! How...interesting.
Really looking forward to coming back to any coastal state to get me more seafood, cause now, as a boy born and raised in the landlocked state that is Illinois, I am officially hooked on this type of food!Can only comment on the drinks as we just stopped in to rest our feet and have a morning cocktail. The irish coffee I had was passable, and the "voodoo brew" the waitress recommended for my companion, in her words, "tasted like college". Seating was crowded - kept getting bumped by passing wait staff and other patrons. It wasn't the worst experience I had visiting there, but I wouldn't seek this place out again.I had the seafood jumbalaya, and to be honest, it tasted JUST like boxed Zataran's jumbalaya. I wanted to be impressed, as it's my first time in NOLA, and this was my first spot. But it just didn't do it for me. ALSO, they totally skimped on the seafood in my jumbalaya and in my friend's gumbo! I literally had ONE shrimp in my dish! :(Not the best stop we've been to on our trip. Although we got seated right away, it took a long time to even get our drink order. Our drinks were practically empty by the time she came back to take our order. One time she came to refill ONE drink (we were a group of 5) my Gramma had to ask her to refill her coffee. My drink was almost empty but she ran off before I could ask for a refill. 
After another wait, she finally came with our orders. Everyone's except mine. Then she came back and said something about sausage ( I had ordered a breakfast sandwich) and she finally brought me a plate with only scrambled eggs, sausage, and chopped potatoes. No sandwich. And promptly left again. When she finally came back around my Gramma had to ask her for our desserts to go. She tried to run off but my Gramma stopped her to finish what we were trying to order. 
I wish I could say the food was good, but everyone at our table said it was very bland. And the red beans and rice nearly made her puke, and they said it tasted like Pine Sol. Then, of course, it took her forever to bring our change back.
We figured she thought if she made us wait long enough we would just leave and leave all of our change. 
Oh, and I never did get my sandwich.
I was only going to leave one star, but my cocktail drink to go was very good. So one star for that. 
Do not recommend this place.In the tourist area. No parking obviously. We got there before the crowd around 11:30 AM. They serve breakfast all day. It's a sports bar but all the tvs are on one side by the bar. They said they were short so it took an hour to get our food. It was quite warm in there but it was a hot day. Their AC may need updating. Specialty omelette with the rice was amazing!!!Twenty pirates walk in a bar was the highlight of our dining experience on Halloween night. I specifically went to this restaurant to get alligator which they were out of. They were also out of almost everything I wanted to order which was frustrating. 
What we did order was the char broiled oysters and shrimp. The oysters were fantastic and heavy in terms of cheese/butter but worth it while in New Orleans. The peel and eat shrimp were so so. 
Definitely a place that tourists might get stuck in which was us as well. Sadly, I can't say I'd visit again.Sad service, super slow on everything. Waitress looked like she was having a bad day... and she had to serve us. Do not recommend. :/Kathleen was our server. She gave us great advice on our food choices and she was right!  We loved it!  This might be our new favorite!2 and a half... Really?  This place has the best food. Period. Great service, great taste. What is everyone else, at a different place? Try it you'll like itZero stars: The absolute WORST food experience of our Essence Trip. The service was mediocre but the food was DISGUSTING! We waited 30 minutes just to have our order taken, then another 20+ to get the food. I had to send back my pizza after finding a HAIR IN IT! Top that with floaties in the water, and bloody tampons on the bathroom floor we left and never looked back.  My advice: Keep walking. Don't go in.We dropped in here for a quick bite after frolicking on Royal at a few art galleries. The food was great, but our waiter, Joshua, was better. He had amazing energy, kept us laughing, and had great opinions and suggestions on what to order. I ordered Gumbalaya, you guessed it Gumbo and Jambalaya. My girl ordered Catfish Decatur (? After a few glasses of wine earlier in the night, I think that's what she got lol)! 
I had been snacking in the galleries before we made it here, but even still we devoured our food, it was delicious! Add in a couple NOLA Blondes, and we were more than satisfied! 
Joshua was very attentive. He checked on us just often enough, and even left a cute note on our bill! I love love love a restaurant that has an infectiously happy and pleasant staff!We were in here on a Thursday night and our service was great, our waitress was awesome and gave some excellent recommendations. The food was ok for bar-type food. The Southern Belle drink was good. on Saturday night we came back to eat and be able to watch football. The place wasn't very busy. Our service was absolutely horrible. It took forever for us to have our drink orders taken and then way longer to get our drinks and all our waiter could do was blame the bartenders. Then our food took forever to come out and it wasn't even correct and one our individuals did not even get their food. We complained to the manager and he didn't even appear to care and he did nothing the entire evening but stand around. I would not recommend this place at all. The only reason I give 2 stars is because of the experience we had on Thursday.  Otherwise it would have been 1 star.Located right next to Jackson Square, this restaurant should be a great place...but it is not.   We waited for maybe 15 minutes before WE spotted a hostess (operative word WE).  It was like we were protected by an invisible shield!  Our waiter was very good...but overall the food was not anything to write home about.  The oyster po'boy was just ok, about 8-10 small ( and I mean SMALL) oysters, on a foot long French Roll, on a bed of fries.  The crab cakes were ok...but over cooked.  The Club sandwich....was really not inspiring...and consisted of a few shreds of processed meats.  Overall bill for a party of 4 was $50....just too much for this quality of food.Oyster Bloody Mary was great and so was the alligator bites. Service was decent. Worth the quick stop.We stopped by here while walking by and it was quite busy so we figured it would be a great place to try. 
There was about a 5 minute wait at 2:30 on a Wednesday afternoon. There were 3 of us. 
We started with a spinach artichoke dip which was awesome. It was priced at $13 and was topped with cheddar cheese and onions. It had a very unique taste and came with tortilla chips. 
For the entree I got a Jambalaya Omelette (since they served breakfast all day) and it came with toast and grits (no potato option because they ran out). The Omelette was too well done - otherwise maybe it would have been good. The toast was dry and cold and the grits were cold and bland. The price was $13
One person in my party got Shrimp Alfredo and he said it was really good. Plenty of shrimp and very creamy. The price was $17
The last person in my party got Crawfish Quesadillas and they were really good (I tasted one)!!! The price was $14
Add one Bloody Mary for $10 and our total bill was $74.37. Our waiter was Lester and he was great - friendly, helpful and attentive.
Visited December 2016Delicious food! If you can, sit at one of Karen's tablew, she did such an excellent job and was so friendly!  Definitely made the experience so worthwhile!We stopped in here with 8 of us in tow (3 were children) and were seated fast.  It took a while to get our waitress, but they were busy so that wasn't a surprise.  After that, Angie took excellent care of us.  The food was good, and the atmosphere added to the ambiance.Not flexible. Would not let me sub anything. Food was OK. Coke was flat. No waiting but I know why now.I'm not one to complain about restaurants and service.  However, this experience was absolutely wretched.  We went to Corner Oyster Bar & Grill on Saturday night around 8pm.  The host, a young man, was less than enthusiastic to seat us, but he did and was told our waitress was Joy.  Well....Joy walked past our table on no less than three occasions to let us know our table was next.  After several minutes, she did arrive and we placed our entire order...water, beer, and food.  She quickly wrote everything down and stated our drinks would arrive shortly.  THIRTY minutes later...we still had no drinks (not even water) and we noted that others who had been seated later than us and were served by others were being fed.  We tried to locate Joy but could not.  We left after telling the host whose response was "ummm, sorry."  DO NOT GO.  Or, if you do..do not be seated in Joy's section.   Terrible experience.  Just terrible.  If I could, this would get no stars.I stopped in to the Corner Oyster House on a recent trip to New Orleans with some friends.  Perfect location and a good place to stop in after wandering the French Quarter.  I ordered the Mardi Gras Pasta and it was very good but I wish the serving had been slightly larger. The restaurant is a quick in and out type of establishment and not the kind of place to have a long relaxing meal.  I wish all the table weren't so crammed in- it wasn't that busy when I went but it felt like I was constantly be brushed past by staff and other patrons.  I ordered a New Orleans Lady and while my drink was very tasty it was not very strong - I would not recommend as a place to get drinks.Hope you've read this before they've handed you one of their filthy menus.  Please walk away now, there is absolutely nothing good about this place.  The other reviews, the positive ones, those people were drunk, delusional, or both.  Four other people, on a holiday weekend no less, in the entire restaurant should have been our first clue. 
Even though the wait staff outnumbered us three to one, it took almost an hour to get breakfast for two. We had to flag down our server to get any other attention, even the bill took forever.  There appeared to be what might have been a manager.  He mostly sat on his big fat rump and scowled.  At one point when a phone call came in for him, he was absolutely rude and dismissive to the employee who was simply the messenger.
.  Our food was awful.  The condiments on the table were so filthy I had second thoughts about picking them up to try to add some flavor to this terrible food.  After almost an hour wait we were famished or would have probably sent the whole mess back and walked out.
We had the chance to walk by again later in the day.  A couple was outside looking at the menu, but before I could warn them they had the good sense to walk away. 
So, hope you read this before you even consider dining there.  There are so many other places, even the mediocre ones have got to be better than The Oyster House.These reviewers are idiots - this is why yelp needs some type of 'review-school'.  Reviewing a place as one star because they couldn't get seated?  Reviewing a place as one star saying they wouldn't eat here but only had drinks?  Unreal.
First off, their BLOODY MARYS are AMAZING.  I thought it was luck, but we went back the very next day, they tasted just as good.  They use this old bay spice around the rim that adds a certain something to the drink.
Secondly, it became one of our favorite breakfast spots in the French Quarter.  I had the eggs and hashbrowns both times.  We sat by the open window and had our bloody mary and breakfast before we started the day walking around.
If you are in New Orleans, I would highly recommend both the Bloody Mary and breakfast.... and if you are like us, both at the same time.this is absolutely the worst resturant i have ever been to. no one knows how to do their job, the food, although reasonably priced, was so bad. there didn't seem to be any sort of management or sense of urgency in this place. took the waiter 3 times to get my very simple order right, we literally ordered eggs and toast and were here for over an hour and a half. honestly this place ruined my whole trip to new orleansThis place is extremely unhygienic and unprofessional. One should stay away from this. We went there today for brunch. Our table was getting water splash on us and table from the air conditioner and dirty walls. We told the owner, he said sorry we can't do much as all the tables were taken but then he then kept sitting new people.Gumbalaya...no, that's not a typo...that's the fabulous plate of welcome to New Orleans I had that places a lovely island of jumbalaya in a moat of gumbo, so you get the best of two of NOLA's famous dishes!If you just need drinks, stop here.  They are reasonably priced and a good place to cool off, but do NOT eat at this establishment.  I've been here twice (once because we had kids and they wanted pizza, and another because friends decided to eat dinner here against my wishes).  Both times pizza was ordered it was burnt and not good.  The others had different dishes and I tried a little of others, but decided to wait to eat later.  Just not a place to eat with all the other choices in New Orleans.Quick pit stop. Gumbo was good, not great. Service was friendly. Ask for the salad dressing on the side, a bit soupy.We stopped in here because it was raining and didn't feel like walking too far for food, even though we saw yelp rated it 1.5 stars. I have to agree with the reviewers about their food. Jambalaya was disgusting, tasted like pure tomato sauce! shrimp po boy didn't come with any sauce at all very dry and not unique. It was just fried shrimp on bread. Fried catfish was good I got to say not bland at all I would order this again IF I ever step foot in this restaurant (and I wouldn't). I also liked the blackened shrimp nachos but didn't have enough shrimp and was a bit salty.Had to walk out. Was sat quickly and given a drink, but the waitress never came back. The place wasn't busy and nobody else had food on their table. Great location, but there needs to be some training for the server staff.Walking in the Quarter and wanted something quick and good with a drink. 
I got better than that.
Good/Strong drink.
Friendly service at the bar.
Bartender worked around my lap-band surgery needs with my meal.
Food was really good for bar food.
A homeless person walked in and stood at the bar and when if "Veteran's get a free drink on the 4th of July?" The waitress politely said, "No Sir, we don't do that." and smiled. I said, "Get him any drink he wants and any Po Boy and put it on my bill." The bartender smiled and took his order and treated him with extra kindness and respect.
Classy move Corner Oyster Bar .... It would have been easy to get a to go cup and styrofoam box and push him out the door, but you took care of somebody in need.
I will be back just for the way you treated that person.
Not your usual tourist trap. Give it a try.I have been to New Orleans on numerous occasions and been to quite a few establishments and never had a problem with service or quality until I stepped into this place.  
As soon as we walked in the door it was a mistake.  The hostess stood there as we walked in and couldn't offer a greeting of any sort and when we asked to be seated, it seemed as if we were interrupting her from staring off into space/doing nothing and she was annoyed by this.  Next was our waitress who seemed like a sweet enough girl but unless it was her first day and first job ever, she had no excuse for being this ignorant about basic food questions (scrambled eggs with cheese/cheese eggs seemed to be a delicacy that is only served on our home planet).   I then asked for a beverage which took so long that I wondered if they were squeezing the cranberries one by one.  When my food ordered finally arrived, it was wrong and I asked for a side of grits and the quality was mediocre (how can you really screw up eggs, bacon and grits?).  Clearly the grits and the cranberries must have been located miles and miles away because that took forever to arrive and when they did, she had a serving that could have choked a horse that was CLEARLY a passive aggressive move (Oh?  You want some grits?  WELL HERE'S ALL THE GRITS YOU CAN EAT!).  The place was not crowded AT ALL so there was no excuse for the slow service.  When my friend made mention of the lack of service, she could honestly care less.  The final straw was waiting for the check to arrive so we could get on with our day and we scan the room for our waitress only to find her standing at the register looking directly at us and not even budging.  My friend finally got so frustrated (and she has to be the most patient person in the world) that she threw her money down on the table and walked out.  
New Orleans is a beautiful city and caters to its tourists but it is apparently this place missed the memo and instead decided their theme would be "We don't care, don't bother us and don't forget to tip your waitress before storming out."I would be eating oysters; but, the Corner Oyster House is out of Oysters on the half shell.  You would think if Oyster House was in your name, you wouldn't run out of oysters.  It's sort of like McDonald's running out of burgers.
Seriously, no freaking oysters, REALLY? Who manages this place?  No Oysters- I would have shit canned him just for the principle.
Ugh!
Oh yeah, their restrooms are a mess too!  You can't un-smell urine; I can still taste it!Yay, Im a lil bit of fan...i have nothing important to say but they want more words...i hate words   words   wordsTried the Gumbalaya on a quiet Thursday afternoon. Friendly staff and tasty food and drinks. Win.Left this place without even ordering ! Walked in and had to wait at the front door while at least 6 waiters around the registers. Some guy in jeans and tee shirt takes us to a table in the corner and a server comes over to pick up her tab from last table. Not busy at all. Literally 8 different servers walked by the table in the next 15 minutes without as much as acknowledging us. Never saw the female server. Walked out after 15 minutes and guy at the door just said bye.We were looking for a place to watch the game and happened to walk by this place. Had to wait almost 30 minutes for the bloody mary but it was pretty good. We had oysters but they weren't that great. Very small and didn't taste salty.Love the bloody mary's. It is punch right in the mouth. Perfect after church beverage.The host and server greeted me promptly.  Nice atmosphere.  The appetizer plate was tasty, way too many fried pickles, wings were highlight, but only 3 of them.  Coke was semi-flat tasting.  Music was low, heard more of the traffic and Spanish speaking family.  The cheese pizza was tasteless; needed ranch dressing for flavor. Shrimp po' boy sandwich was an embarrassment.  I'm not even Creole and mine taste way better and have more flavor.  Sorry u r in NOLA your food should have FLAVOR.  Please stop by a nearby seasoning shop and buy some seasonings guys.The food is just not that good....sorry, but it is true!  Had the Gumbolaya and it almost cold.  My son had the red beans and rice it was cold and just no flavor.  I do not mean to leave a poor review and not talk to the management before we left, but I do not think they care.  No manager stopped by our table and our server never asked with.  Lot's of better places around......You have a charming and beautiful plce....go back to the drawing board and work on your quality....just sayin you can do better!Best bloody mary in the US. The lady that made the recipe is extremely nice and great at bartending. We have visited many places and always try the marys...but nobody comes close to the Corner Oyster's. The food is average but the location is great. Lots of entertainment away from bourbon. We visit 2-3x a year and stop by here everyday to get some drinks.After a morning of shopping and doing the things one does in the Quarter during the daytime, a group of us decided to stop for lunch.  I got the New Orleans Sampler.  A cup of gumbo, red beans and rice, shrimp etouffee and jumbalaya finished with a small helping of bread pudding.  Not the worst meal, but not the best.  The food was alternately bland or extremely salty.  I did not finish anything but the cup of gumbo and the bread pudding.  The bread pudding was not true NOLA style as one would expect. 
Service was slow, although friendly.  There are other places to try.'Drinks to go'. Waited 5 minutes while the bartender finished three Hurricanes, made a Tanqueray gin drink, spilled it, made another, bartender and another girl cleaned it up, neither acknowledged me or the guy next to me, both of us had our credit cards out. I put mine away, then I was out. The door. 
As the other guy had been standing there when I came in, and he hadn't been acknowledged and certainly didn't have his drink order in, I was not going to subject myself to their nonsense with an entire French Quarter full of establishments ready to serve me quickly. This was a Friday late afternoon/early evening, the weekend of Saint Patrick's Day, which is a HUGE deal in NOLA, and the week after Marda Gras, SO, you would figure these idiots would have their poop in a group. Not so, not so at all.
I wasn't close to where they spilled the drink thankfully, but it looked like some of it may have spilled into the ice bin, as the BT scooped ice directly below (from my angle) where the gin was spilled. Scooped it with the cup she was serving in, by the way. Yum.Hands down this place has the best Bloody Mary in the city!  The other drinks have some kick but are rather sweet.  Friendly bartenders too.We loved this place on our stopover for Mardi Gras, right next to Jackson Square and close to the river. We had a little snack before we went onto the next main meal. They have a great bar, with friendly staff and easy in and out, with most excellent people watching. We had Beans and Rice, I know exciting, but it was very good and the Oyster Shooters were awesome, best I've had in a while. Will be back for more on our next trip.To be honest with you I was very disappointed in the food, both my wife and I were actually.  
Our server Haley (spelling?) was very nice and accommodating. I ordered French toast and she said that she doesn't believe they make them that late but would check. She checked for me and the kitchen agreed to make it, when they came out they looked scary.  If that was not the norm, I would rather the kitchen say no and have me order something else.
My wife ordered Creole shrimp and rice, she described it as cafeteria food.
I would have given this place a one star but the service was good.No one was friendly. Our waitress had moments where she seemed friendly but then she would roll her eyes or huff and puff like she was annoyed with us, then she had the nerve to get upset when she saw that we tipped less than 10%, she should have been grateful to get anything at all. The place is a total dive, the manager sat in the corner looking like a creep the entire time we were there and the food was awful! We got the crab/crawfish cakes which tasted like canned tuna that had been fried and a burger and fries which was all frozen and then served burnt. It was the worst! 
Then, the place is a sports bar and there were some basketball fans in there for the playoffs being excited for their team and one of the waiters actually said "oh shut up!" Uuuuuummmm you're a sports bar!!!! 
The place is just all around awful!!! With so much food in such a small area steer clear of this place!!!! They belong on Restaurant Impossible and they need an entirely new staff!!!!Fabulous staff! Good beer and game day feeling.  Food below average.  Second time in,  both bad food experiences.Gumbalya, sausage po-boy, and chicken quesadilla were great!!!  However, the muffuletta was brought to table with olives when it was requested with none and the chicken fingers were burnt.....This is mostly a tourist destination but it is well located in the Quarter.  The food is decent but there are far better places to eat.  I actually watched the Saints win the Super Bowl in this establishment with a large group so that was a memorable experience.  This does make for a decent sports bar as they have many televisions and have a lot of sports memorabilia on display.  This probably wouldn't ever be my first choice but its overall a decent place.The lunch and dinner was simply delicious. I had the plate that came with white rice, red beans, shrimp creole, jambalaya, gumbo and topped it off with the bread pudding for dessert. There hot sauce crystal which is comparable to Tabasco sauce was added to my dish and yummy. The portions were a decent size for the price. The staff was really nice and very attentive. The breakfast was okay not much of a selection but okay not out of the ordinary there.It took a long time to get our food (20 minutes)... alligator bites and gumbalaya was cold and not as good as other places ..  Salad was just lettuce nothing else... please keep out...Great food comes in very big portions.  The price is reasonable.   Service is really friendly.  Thank you, Angie K.   There are many big screen TVs great for sports watching events.Oysters wrapped in bacon awesome. Waitress not so much. If you want to save on your tip, ask for Lindsay. Hi, do you have any specials? Answer : no specials. What about the specials board outside? Answer : the chef won't let us take it down. After appetizer order waitress took menus. When we asked for check it was literally thrown on the table. Enjoy your $2 tip Lindsay. Went to 801 Royal to eat.... Fantastic service. Take note.Extremely slow service. They completely forgot about us after we were seated. New people were coming in and served but not us. Had to go tell the hostess in order for a waiter to assist us. He apologized but then the same thing happened when it was time to pay. We waited 15 minutes for a check and finally asked the manager. Food was OK.My review is about the Bloody Mary's and Stephanie (we did not eat). Stephanie, the bartender makes a wonderful Bloody Mary. It was perfect and her secret recipe is something to be proud about. My husband and I came in to relax and plan our NOLA day. We chose to sit at the bar and order a drink. Stephanie was extremely helpful in making a few suggestions on must do's in NOLA. 
We have been to NOLA several times a year and enjoy receiving personalized service and great drinks. Great Job Stephanie! We will be back to see you soon!They didn't want to sit us at the bar because the day bartender was leaving soon. Not a big deal, but didn't make much sense. We got the appetizer platter. A place with the name oyster in the name shouldn't be offering frozen oysters. The most edible part of the plate was the fries. I can get fries in MN. We were hungry when we went so we weren't picky. Do yourself a favor and be picky about this place.Went in for lunch. We ordered a pizza and a quesadilla. It took about 45 minutes before we got our Food. After 40 minutes the waitress came to tell us that the pizza was Made from scratch and that is why it took so long. The pizza was delicious by the way. 
The toilet however was disgusting. Smelly, dirty, small, no toilet paper. Yuk.I would literally rather go hungry then ever eat here again. And I'm being totally honest. Service was awful. Food was like 2 stars. Our waiter had to have been high on something. He literally forgot his name when he was talking to us. It was by far the most awkward interaction I can remember having.Zero Stars... Had to wait about 20 minutes to order after being seated because our waitress disappeared... When we finally did, it took along time to receive our food... By the time we got the food, there was hair in the pizza and the "gumbolaya" was not fresh and had a spoiled taste... Thankfully I have a cast iron stomach. Oh and there was stuff floating in my water. And the restrooms were atrocious, urine everywhere. Never againDo not eat here. The place is understaffed and the food is terrible. It took us over an hour to get served oysters, jambalaya and 2 beers. The oysters were filled with broken shells and the jambalaya had one single piece of sausage and one burnt chunk of chicken. This place is a tourist trap. Hopefully they can get serious about their food and service.I feel bad about it...but I really didn't like it here.  The service sucked...the food wasn't very good....and I just had an overall bad taste in my mouth at this place!  
I ordered the Shrimp and Oyster Po Boy and an Abita Amber.  Well...you can't really go wrong with beer..so that was fine.  The Po Boy wasn't good!  I was surprised to find a Po Boy in New Orleans that I didn't like!  The oysters tasted rotten and the sandwich was dry!  I had to ask two times for Tabasco only to give up and ask for tarter sauce.  The bread was sourdough...and I thought that was weird.
Overall... it's in a great location but I wouldn't go back.First  off, ordered drinks and they were out of lemonade. Then, ordered a cheeseburger, out of those too. Someone in the  party i was with ordered nachos and they were the absolute worse ever. As for the  Roast beef sandwich, i am still trying to chew it and not to totally knock them, the grilled oysters were really good and my wife said the gator bites were also good ,but i would not recommend this place too pricey for the quality.Meh. The fried pickles were disappointing. The fries were tasteless. However, the catfish was flaky and tasty. Huge portions. 
Our waiter was friendly, albeit a little sidetracked. 
Probably the best thing here are their beverages. They have some interesting local beers (bottle and on tap).  As out-of-towners, we were happy to try the local brews, which were delicious. 
Bottom line:  don't come here for the food.THIS PLACE WAS TERRIBLE!! Do not waste your money or time here! Took over an hour to get my "char grilled oysters" and once they came out they were completely raw!! We also ordered the seafood platter which took an hour and a half to come out and the server finally comes out to tell us the cooks burnt it in the back!! Now two hours later and I'm still hungry. Smh. If I could give this place a negative rating I would.Wait staff very nice.  Drinks were never empty.  Food was good.  We expected typical bar food but were pleasantly surprised.  We had crawfish pasta and a seafood sampler and shared both.Don't waste your time.  It took 45 minutes to get our food.  The manager said that is what to be expected in the French Quarter.....  No sir!    I ordered the cajun omelette....bland and tasteless.  I took two bites and I was done.
Go someplace else!If you love gumbo and jambalaya, get the Gumbalaya!! I took my cousin here after a four-day munch-a-thon through the Quarter. Her words, "WOW! You saved the best for last!"It was ok.  The omelets were better at River's Edge across the square.  The hash browns were really good.Service was friendly-ordered the fried pickles which were mediocre-the asparagus and oyster soup and a burger...the soup had an odd flavor-very unique-the burger that I ordered medium came out well done...but the part that was bad was within 20 minutes of eating I was overcome with a belly ache and so were the other two people with me:( so something was definitely bad! The location is great the people are nice but the food fell flat.Wow this food is nasty. Went in starving and left hungry too because neither myself or my wife ate our meals. The table next to us felt the exact same way. I really should've looked on yelp before we walked in and wasted $30Been here two hours no food yet server just told us kitchen staff can't read to manager trying to read to them tickets! 
Never ever again water even took 30 min
Stay far away from this placeWe stopped here because we were extremely hungry and headed to Jackson square. We ordered a variety of foods, and it was all either terrible or mediocre at best. Do not order the pasta, and the fries were awful. The service isn't great, and we probably should've looked into it more before eating here. We ordered the stuffed mushrooms for our appetizer, and those were alright... still not great. I wouldn't recommend coming here.Walked in with a group of 11, took 20 minutes to just get water (many tables available, wasn't busy-most people at the bar). The waitress never took our drink order, this was also at 10:00 at night. She said she could only split the check 10 ways, being very difficult- everywhere we have gone has been willing to split checks and we tip graciously for their troubles. We ended up getting up and walking out because we were over the attitude and we're hangry at that point. Eat somewhere else. We ended up at New Orleans hamburger and seafood and service their was amazing!I am going to go against the grain and say that I actually enjoyed my experience at this little dive. True, New Orleans is a bustling city with much to offer the culinary- savvy... but I found Corner Oyster Bar to be satisfactory enough. I was not expecting fine dining, and with those expectations, I received what I was wanting which was a large plate of deep- fried seafood. 
My server was rough around the edges in all the right ways. Her crude attitude actually endeared my table to her, and she was very attentive to my party, joking about anything and everything.
I am going to go ahead and say that my favorite part of Corner Oyster's is the drink special menu. I found myself popping in several nights just to grab another Voodoo Juice or Frozen Lemonade. The staff was always friendly toward my guests and I would not hesitate to hit this bar up again when I am in the city.After our horrendous experience at Coops place , I wanted to go to Cafe Maspero but hubby saw this and we all stopped.
Our first seat was not good, we had water from the pipes dripping on us and we got up and moved to an open table by the window.  It had plates on it so we stacked them and saw an older black lady wiping the table next to us off and we asked if she could take the dishes....She snapped I'm helping these people first!  WOW.  My Mum started to get up when a young black gal came over and said she would take those plates as she handed us menus and said I'll help ya'll. 
She returned with water when we didn't ask. While she had some difficulty remembering our order but she was correct in WHAT we ordered. Mum got a HUGE chef salad w/Cesar dressing, brother and I got crawfish pies and hubby got a dozen raw oysters and beers all around!
When she came with the check which was ONLY $53 for everything AND alcohol!  We told her about our previous experience... and YES she was happy to split our check into 3!! 
Anyway, Mum's salad (yes I stole a bit) was HUGE and amazingly fresh and had so many wonderful ingredients, our crawfish pies were amazing and hot, hubby's oysters were succulent and briney.  We were very happy with our decision to stop!
Will do so again when we go back!Really wanted to like this place but the only thing that was good was the oyster /advocating stew and that was a shade above average. Definitely made with fresh oyster if the amount of shells and grit were any indication .    Wife had their version of a muffuletta I had a rare hot roast beef PO boy.    Roast beef was NOT rare and so thick you had to drink water to get it down.   On a Saturday night half the place was closed so the front door was a chore in its self to get in and out.     Service was stretched and service was like most other reviewers.     I have a habit of checking Yelp before going to most places but this was convenient after the parade; wish I had read up before going inTo ring in 2011 the right way, the girlfriend & I spent the week around New Year's Eve in New Orleans. During that short time, we discovered a historic city with long traditions of great music, outstanding food & continuing perseverance.
Well into our 1st odyssey in the French Quarter, the girlfriend & I were in need of another cocktail when we came across Corner Oyster House. "Cocktails to go" was prominently displayed in the window, so we had the answer to our problem.
Corner Oyster House is an impressive technological temple for any sports fanatic. Numerous flat-panel tv's visible from any angle hang from the ceiling all around. Each tuned into a different sporting event. Being named "Corner Oyster House," I assume that oysters are served here.
Neither sports nor oysters mattered to us. We went straight to the bar to get our drinks so that we could be on our way. We ordered our cocktails to go, but got to talking to our bartender. Zan was energetic & hilarious. She shared with us the comically absurd stories that a veteran of the French Quarter accumulates over years of seeing crazy tourists.
I finished my cocktail to go before going anywhere, so I ordered another. We thanked Zan for all the amusing tales of human depravity & went about the rest of our night. The girlfriend & I didn't walk into Corner Oyster House for sports or oysters, but what we did get there made our night.Sat down, ordered drinks and beignet fries waited about 10 mins for the drinks. One of the Bloody Mary's had an old receipt at the bottom. Ordered breakfast (omelet) it was ok but didn't come with the toast as advertised. French toast didn't come with syrup. After we ate breakfast the beignet fries were "on the way." We asked to cancel them since we no longer interested in eating and quite frankly lost our appetite. Waited a while for the check and then the waitress asked us to split up who had what because the waitress couldn't keep track. Why yes, I'll do your job for you. Pretty awful experience.Andrea is the biggest sweetheart, and she is a great bartender - she made me the most awesome filthy martini's while I was in town.
Fun friendly staff, great drinks - cool vibe for being in an area with a bunch of tourist attractions.  
Also, they had soccer on the TV - what more could I have asked for? 
Only 4 stars because I didn't eat here, but I did drink, nearly daily x's 5 days and the martini's were that awesome.  Good Job!As an experienced visitor to the French Quarter I should have known better.  I've learned to never eat here from previous visits but stopped in to kill some time and grab a drink while the girlfriend shopped at nearby Violet's.   She loves that dress shop and it usually means an hour+ of downtime.
I ordered a simple Bombay Gin on the rocks.  It came in one of those tacky clear solo cups.  And it cost 7 dollars!  I was not offered a menu (not that I would have accepted it) and the bartender never once came back to check on me.  In fact, she spent her time eating a sandwich behind the counter...nasty.
Granted, they are probably on the busiest corner of Jackson Square and probably deal with tourist idiots all day long but everytime I've been here I've left completely disappointed (and this time slightly disgusted).  It's probably my own fault I even went in.
Fortunately, the lady was very happy with her dress selections this year!Great charbroiled oysters! My server Christopher worked his butt off and provided excellent customer service. This is what makes or breaks a restaurant! Plus the Bloody Mary oyster shooters are incredible!Was in New Orleans this past weekend and had the opportunity to eat at several places.  We returned to The Corner Oyster House for after my husband had a spicy oyster shooter while we were perusing Jackson Square artist's offerings. He loved the oyster shooter so much he wanted to experience a meal here.  I ordered a 1/2 Muffalata sandwich and hubby had jambalaya.  The sandwich was spicy, juicy and frankly fabulous.  Perfect with a cold beer.  Hubby's jambalaya was spicy goodness.  In short, the food was really good.  However, The service was terrible.  Slow.  Never received water - after asking for it twice.  The restroom was disgusting.Service was weak, food was cold and uninspired.  The beignet fries were good.It was just this past Tuesday (07-17-18) night I'm VERY hungry and in need of some good ole New Orleans food after 9:PM. I walked into this business and was seated almost immediately. Waited 3 minutes before water was offered/served. There was ONLY one family of 4 inside this restaurant at the time I walked in. I sat there and wait and waited for a waiter to come over and either take my order or perhaps ask questions to help. 3 minutes after walking in and seated a family (white family) of 6 walked in was seated and someone immediately went over to assist while this family were still working on their seating arrangements. After waiting 8 - 10 minutes someone FINALLY came over and ask if he can help. By the time he came over I had already requested an Uber! On my way out, I stopped at the host desk to say "I have been waiting for over 10 minutes now and NOT one person came over to take my order OR even ask a question." His nonchalant response "I'm sorry" without any sincerity. I would NEVER return to this CEMETERY ever again!We found this place on Sat., Jan 27. It was rainy and dark outside, but inside everyone was delightful, attentive, interesting, and I only wish the restaurant was near my home. They had the best bloody mary's I have ever had. My friend loved her grilled oysters and my crab cakes were really good. And, just to make our visit perfect one of the staff went outside in the rain to hail us a cab.
NOW THAT'S SERVICE! THANK YOU AGAIN!!Awesome service and great location!! Ask to see if Angie is working and ask her about the best drink!!!The General Manager Bruce....is a complete jerk!!! i was simply calling to confirm a pick up of my credit card and the timing...and he hung up on me trying to tell me that he was going to be there and he was the "BIG SHOT" GM!!! who give's a #$%&!! if he's the GM...i was simply asking if the location was close to Muriel's so i didn't have to make an extra trip to just to pick up my card!! i actually had a great breakfast there...but after being treated by this jerk!!! i'm actually going to tell people to stay away since the management is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! STAY AWAY FROM CORNER OYSTER HOUSE!!!For having the name "Corner Oyster bar & grill" the oysters were very sub par. My fiancé and I were stopping in just to grab a quick snack in between shopping and we wanted oysters so this was the place. 
The atmosphere was nice. I will give them that. Very bar like, but it was expected. We sat at a table where we could see the street and the activity so that was cool. Immediately when we sat down, Jesse asked for a Dr. Pepper, they don't have that? They have a fully stocked bar but no DP... So he asked for sweet tea. Guess what? They don't have that either. What southern restaurant does not have sweet tea? He got water and he was not happy. 
I got an oyster shooter and honestly it was the best one I have ever had. They put the oyster in Bloody Mary mix and it is delicious. Our oysters came out and they were just blah. Not very impressive. 
The service was not good. Our waitress never checked on us. We were constantly flagging her down for more water. As soon as she put the oysters on the table she asked if we wanted our check, brought it to us and never came back. 
Not recommended.Took 45 min for the food to come out BUT OMG..When the waitress brought out my coke and placed it down, we both noticed at the same time that there was a paper in it from the straw and she LITERALLY stuck her finger in my drink and took the paper out! Her exact words to my husband and I were "I was my hands like 800 times a day, so they're clean" I swear I couldn't eat my food once it came out. The only plus here is that they showed the NBA finalsUnfortunately we should have checked the reviews before we came....they are accurate. Poor service, sub par food, much of it overpriced. Waited over an hour for food, which would have been okay of our server kept us informed and the food was great..... long wait for mediocre food.I had the New Orleans sampler and wife had shrimp/oyster poboy.   I would have to be drunk to like the food here; though the sampler wasn't that bad.  Slow service and forgettable food.  Poboy was way over salted, over cooked,  and not plump/juicy like most places here.  Bread wasn't crunchy on the outside.  Wife says "Worst poboy I've ever had"
We wish we'd waited for a seat at Cafe Pontalba :(Holy Gumbalaya !!!! This place had the most amazing food and their drinks were to die for! Our waitress Joy was so sweet and really helpful on what to order! We will be sure to come back as soon as possible!!Bottom line: NO. Just... no. Go across the street to The Jackson Brewery.
Found a crumpled receipt in the bottom of my Bloody Mary, which required lots of pepper and hot sauce to be palatable. Another friend found a pube in his mimosa (which was basically just orange juice with a drizzle of champagne). Two other friends never got their food, no one got their toast, and we never got our bignet fries. Waitress seemed frazzled and couldn't keep our orders straight, and ended up bringing us one large check for ten people, even after we asked several times to have the receipt split. The entire experience took us over two hours, and while the manager said he would "do what he could", the only things they took off the receipt were the items that came with hair/receipt, or the items we didn't get at all.
Only reason they even got one star was because the coffee was superb and the jambalaya was the best I've ever had. That being said, even fantastic jambalaya isn't worth the experience. Just... NO.
Update: we've been trying to figure out the check half an hour later. This place is the Hotel California: they're never going to let us leave...Group of 11 came here for lunch. Everyone loves their food, from poboys to the sampler plate everyone was happy. The Bloody Mary is good too!Had a great time at The Corner Oyster Bar. Great service and good food. The drinks were very good too. Recommend this restaurant!!!This was one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. Our server ignored us for 30 minutes at a time and when she finally came over to offer us more water, she disappeared for another twenty. When we were finally able to flag down a different server after several others avoided eye contact with us, she said she would get us water and she too disappeared for another 10. Not to mention the rice with the red beans was completely undercooked and their turkey club looked like a sandwich I could've purchased at a Circle K for $1.50. When we spoke to the manager about our experience he just nodded and did not even apologize. I will not be going back ever and I strongly advise avoiding it at all costs.Stopped in here on a whim during our vacation in New Orleans. Food and drinks were excellent. We had red beans and rice with spicy sausage and jumbalaya, both were huge portions and more than enough that we could have shared. Drinks we tasty and bartender (Stephanie) was great and really made our trip more memorable. She provided quick food and drink service and was very friendly and welcoming. She suggested some other places to go for food and drinks which we took her up on and we very pleased with her suggestions. We even came back the Corner Bar to thank her and grab a few more drinks before heading home.Just came by for drinks. It was pretty good. Very friendly bartender. I enjoyed my drink and so did my friends.This had to be the worst service, or should I say non-service, I've ever received. As someone who has made New Orleans his home I find it hard to believe that you can succeed as a restaurant in this city without having good customer service. 
So the story goes that I walked with my girls, ages 4 & 6, to the quarter from the house, as it is a beautiful day. This is rare for New Orleans because the suns out and it doesn't feel like your walking through steamy bath water. I digress, both girls said they were very hungry as we walked past Jackson Square. The Corner being the closest place to eat we stopped and waited to be seated. Now this didn't take all that long, but the whole time I kept getting the feeling that we weren't welcome there, probably because it was only one adult with two small kids. In the restaurant world that means small tips, but hey you don't know me, or the fact that my wife is service industry, or that when I was younger I worked every job in the service industry. So I know full and we'll that servers live almost exclusively off their tips. 
Well here we were waiting just to talk to someone, and like I said we were getting the stink eye just for being more kids than adults. When we finally talked to someone they were courteous and said they were waiting on one table to leave, again not that bad. When said table finally left, the hostess cleaned off the table and quickly seated us, where we waited, in hunger purgatory. We were never greeted, never acknowledged (even when I made eye contact with multiple servers), no one even acted upon our existence for 45 minutes. Even though they walked by us, and again like I said, the whole eye contact thing. We eventually got the clue that none of us were going to be fed here and quickly made our exit. 
So what's the moral. Don't go here- ever.Love this place! Service is always fast and friendly . Oysters on the half she'll is always fresh and delicious. Anita Amber is always cold. Ignore the bad reviews and go there. The bad reviews came from people who were having a bad day and wanted to grouse online to feel better .I love bloody Mary's but I was completely disappointed with both the bloody Mary's and service. The bloody Mary's we're $10 a piece and we're basically straight up tobacco sauce and undrinkable. When we  told our server that we couldn't drink our bloody Mary's because they were so spicy she said there wasn't anything she could do about it. Later on the manager stayed that there wasn't anything she could do because she wasn't made aware of the situation. So $50 later plus our dinner bill we were completely unhappy with our service and felt disgusted with the entire place. I don't recommend this place. Please find a better restaurant.The food we had went from a touch below average (tempura crab sandwich) to a touch above average (waffle), but there are certainly many, many better places to eat in the area.  The service was slow and there were flies all over the place.  The bloody mary was very good though, large and spicy; but it should be large because it cost ten dollars.  I don't think I would ever go back, but if you are already there its not so bad that you need to leave or anything.My friend & I stopped into the Corner Oyster House on a whim just to have coffee, because the line at Cafe Du Monde was too long. We sat at the bar with Stephanie the Bartender last Saturday, June 16th and had an absolute ball. She was such a pleasure. We found out that Stephanie has worked at the Corner Oyster House for 24 years!
We stayed to further enjoy Stephanie's Bloody Mary and we split a Craw-fish Omelette which as to die for!!! We will be back :)So I was walking around with my girlfriend when she decided that she had to use the restroom. Instead of pressing on back to the car she wanted somewhere to go so we could continue shopping. Me thinking it would be crass to walk in and utilize the facilities and walk out I go in to the Corner Oyster House, and begin to order a drink and peruse the menu.  As I'm looking around I notice that this place is somewhat divey, and figure I should check the reviews online before ordering food. Thanks to yelp and a split second decision, I take my blue moon beer served to me in a plastic cup as opposed to a pint mug with much foam on it, and I decide not to order food. My girlfriend who comes back from the restroom, decides to order a margarita. After receiving her margarita she discovers that it is horribly watered down, and taste like some sort of mix out of a bucket, or powder, just very disgusting, and you could not taste any alcohol in the drink at all. The margarita was also brought to us in a "GEAUX" =GO cup. I was starting to think they didn't have any clean glasses in the establishment. Anyways, my girlfriend urges me to finish my beer, so we can go, and we get the bill. $18 dollars for two drinks. Nothing top shelf, or special, or anything nice. WOW! So I'm working on my beer and my girlfriend pays the waitress, with a 20 expecting change, and no... the waitress disappears with the change. When she does finally come back she is inquiring about why my girlfriend poured her drink into my empty beer cup, and is leaving it on the table and my girlfriend explains to her that she didn't like the drink, and the waitress acknowledges the issue and walks off. My girlfriend heads to the restroom once more, and it happens to be right behind where the waitress and the manager are talking about the issue. The manager according to what my girlfriend overheard said that the waitress should refund the money for the margarita, but when my girlfriend came back from the restroom the waitress had disappeared AGAIN. So we left. My girlfriend called that the most expensive restroom trip that she had ever made. Would never go back here again!I've never had a meal at the Corner Oyster House, unless you count a Bloody Mary as breakfast. I mean, it does have vegetables in it (plenty of spicy beans, pickled okra, etc.). 
Their Bloody is solid, but can actually be too intense with the spice at times, which can make it hard to finish. I suppose it could be that I shouldn't wake up after a long night of drinking and start drinking a gigantic, spicy alcoholic beverage immediately. 
But that seems wrong when I say it out loud. 
Anyway, Corner Oyster House has nice bartenders,* decent Bloodies, it's conveniently located, and I've never seen a line at the bar. You can do a lot worse.This was the best place we ate in the french quarter! Angie was awesome! The food was amazing. I am a chef by trade and thought that this was the best gumbo I have ever had. Order the gumbaylaya and u won't be disappointed. Red beans were also full of flavor. Best restaurant in the french market for sureOne fine afternoon, as we strolled along Decatur and French Quarter, looking for a place to grab a quick bite of Lunner (that meal between lunch and dinner, if you live and eat on a schedule unlike other normal human,) we came across Corner Oyster Bar, and it seem to fit our purpose.
This is no Michelin Star establishment, but it is certainly not as horrible IMHO as described/reviewed. The only thing I can fault them on is the fact this location is too accessible, but then that was the reason why we stopped in.
We were recommended the voodoo juice cocktail, which was indeed delicious; the bloody mary was a really good blend of the mix and the garnishes. I need to start putting marinated green beans instead of celery. I like this Cajun style Mary!
We ordered an appetizer platter, with chicken wings Cajun style, fried mozzarella, onion rings, and fried pickles. The size of the platter was just enough to hold off the hunger until our dinner reservation.We had a disappointing experience in this place . BBQ Shrimp dish not as described on menu.  We ordered a dozen char-grilled oysters that were over cooked and very small. Big rip-off for $24!! Spoke to manager who offered to take only half off.  Manager not interested in customer service as they probably don't have very many repeat customers. Just a tourist trap next to Jackson Square.  Just a heads up. You could do better.We had a fantastic afternoon here during a recent trip to New Orleans! We intended to stop in for to-go drinks, but ended up spending a couple hours chatting with the super friendly bartender, John, and enjoying a variety of their specialty cocktails. The Voodoo Brew was delicious and strong! If you're looking for a nice buzz at a good price, stop in for a to-go cup of this drink rather than a hurricane or hand grenade! I tried chargrilled oysters here for my first time and loved them! The seasoning was fantastic and the bread for soaking up the juices was perfect - and I'm not even a seafood lover!! Overall a great experience, I plan to come back on my next trip to NOLA! For great service I recommend sitting at the bar, John was super attentive and gave us some great recommendations for the rest of our trip!Great food and good prices. I've eaten here both years we've come to New Orleans and it's always good. I recommend chargrilled oysters, peel and eat shrimp, seafood gumbo and the jambalaya.The Corner Oyster House was ok...it was the first place we ran into on a Saturday morning that had breakfast in the quarter, but that's not saying much. Everything is quite over-priced. $4 for an egg? AN EGG. Also, there is not much consistency with the food. My friend and I ordered a breakfast option that came with grits. My grits were great, hers were very runny. Not too delicious. On the other hand, the waffles we ordered were fabulous. Go figure. Who knew you could mess up grits in the South?"The Corner" in New Orleans should rename itself "Lame Rip Off."  
   I was drawn in because the sign said "Breakfast Served All Day" and it had large windows and antique tables. Looked like a winner. 
  But the first thing I noticed when I came in was sports flags all over the ceiling and a staff dressed in the black and white jerseys of football referees, complete with whistles. The stripes of their uniforms, along with their demeanor, made them seem more like prison inmates.  They were sad, lost, miserable souls without a smile to be found, numbed by it all as 80's pop hits, such as Steve Winwood's "Roll With It" blasted from the stereo over the practically empty restaurant. 
     I'd also noticed a sign saying "We serve bottled water only," which I took to mean something like "Our glasses of water are fresh, right from the cooler, not from the tap." But I found out the truth when I asked for a glass of water from the waiter, who had all the excitement and enthusiasm of the perpetually bored cartoon dog "Droopy."   
   "You gotta buy a bottle o'water, Chief" he said.   
     Translation: this tourist trap, corporate chain like blight on the otherwise shining city of New Orleans will not serve you a glass of water. They make you pay for an overpriced bottle.
     This should have been my clue to leave, but I wanted to give this place a chance. It was right on Jackson Square in the center of a city with great food all around. How bad could it be? Undaunted and determined to attain the breakfast I so desired, I ordered an ice tea. Then I looked at the menu. The prices seemed reasonable, at first.  
     "What do these come with?" I asked my server about the eight dollar omelettes.  
        "Nothing, chief" he said. "There are sides right there."
    He pointed to the lower section of the menu, which showed home fries for $4 and toast for $2.50. In other words...you pay $8.00 for a tiny omelette that comes with nothing. Then you have to pay another $6.50 for toast and home fries. 
    At this point, I probably should have paid for my ice tea, cut my losses and gotten the hell out of there. But I was hungry and a bit hungover. I figured, at the very least, this place would at least provide me a good meal, despite prices that were comparable to room service at the Westin.
      When the 'omelette' arrived, it was a thin strip of egg over the 'toppings,' each of which I was charged an extra 1.50 for! The 'home fries' were those cheap, crispy, frozen, plastic like ones that you get only in the cheapest of diners. And the toast had all the freshness and authenticity of Wonder Bread.
    I took a couple bites and decided not to waste my appetite, bite the proverbial bullet, go somewhere else and call this a valuable lesson. When the bill came, the total was $22 (gratuity had been included). Twenty two dollars for a cheap, lame, pathetic excuse for a breakfast. 
        To the owners of The Corner:    Shame on you. 
   To everyone else:  New Orleans, La. is filled with great restaurants, some of the best I've ever eaten in. But if you ever find yourself visiting there do NOT, by any means, ever eat at a restaurant called "The Corner" at Jackson Square.Got food poisoning after eating the boiled shrimp. The restaurant was unclean and so were the restrooms. Ordered a coke and it had food in it.....Should have left then. After eating and doing some shopping in the square I was completely sick. Safe to say, this was the reason behind my illness. Don't go here, you will have great regrets.This place is in a prime location right next to Jackson square. When we got there we stood at the front door and waited for approximately 15 minutes before someone came to seat us. The host was cleaning tables and the line got 5-7 parties long. The server also was a very long time getting to us for our drink order. We had alligator bites as an appetizer. They were very good! Tender and cooked perfect. I ordered a po boy half oyster and half fish. The fish was fresh and breaded light. The oysters were also fried to perfection. The bread was okay. My husband ordered the New Orleans sampler. A sampling of our gumbo, shrimp creole, red beans & jambalaya. The shrimp creole was in a delicious tomato based sauce. The gumbo was really good though and by far a favorite for both of us. It came with bread pudding that was kinda so-so. I've had better. The consistency was kind of rubbery.I like to eat healthy,  but these portions are too small. Service is atrocious.  There are so many other places to eat. Don't waste your money.TERRIBLE! We ordered a few sampler platters for a large group and a pound of boiled shrimp. I'm a lover of shrimp and this shrimp tasted and smelled like trash. I would recommend not eating here but if you must - the catfish on the seafood platter was great so order it! My sister doesn't do seafood and she ordered the chicken Alfredo dish - pasta and sauce was good but chicken was similar to eating rubber.We were here for drinks only. Our service was very bad and slow. It wasn't busy at all during the day on a weekday yet it was still really slow. Two of the drinks were frozen drinks but the drink machine had broken and the frozen drink melted. She added the melted liquid with more ice in a blender and made a diluted down drink... there was almost no alcohol and it tasted like barely flavored ice chips. I would skip this place next time and it certainly didn't seem like a good place to eat judging by the atmosphere.The chargrilled oysters were amazing. Large, plump, juicy oysters that tasted like the grill throughout. I have had the chargrilled oysters at Acme and Neyows, these were the best. Definitely the place to go for chargrilled oysters. As far as my po boy, it was average.  Fried shrimp was good.an open letter to the owners of the corner bar and grille:
Dear Corner Bar and Grille Proprietor:
Congratulations, it's finally been done.  I've written reviews on over 130 restaurants, hotels, etc. in multiple states and many cities over the past year and I've never given any business one star.  I've left restaurants before the food arrived because of service, been promised a suite and ended up in a closet in hotels and still have found some redeeming quality to give a location at least two stars. If you look at my reviews I think most objective observers would say I'm fair.  First, I need to place much of the blame for visiting your location on myself.  I did the proper due diligence and was given great info by NOLA yelpers, nevertheless I found myself with my friends half drunk on our first day in NOLA in Jackson Square and in serious need of sustanance quickly before one of us lost our balance.  It was this past Tuesday (1/30/08) and we happened upon your establishment fully knowing it was a tourist trap, but hoping for the best.  Oh yeah, let me also say I just called the rivers edge to ask them the location of your bar and also your restaurant, because I couldn't believe that anyone could give you more than one star and was confused when I read the other reviews.  I spoke with someone a few minutes ago who did indeed confirm that this is the right corner bar that deserves my displeasure.  We walk in and are greeted pretty angrily by an italian fella who without smiling says something to the effect  before we even speak to him, you better be buying something and not coming to use the bathrooms.  We let him know we are here to eat and drink and be marry and he can reserve his charm for another wary traveler.  We seat ourselves quickly at a table and it appears we are literally stuck to the furniture, from one to many spilled drinks and a lack of sanitary concerns.  THe waitress arrives quickly and she is nice enough, smiles and all and takes our drink order.  I order a ketel one and orange juice, which is definitely not kettle one and I would also have a hard time agreeing that the orange liquid is juice.  One other lovely aspect I find is that the ice appears grimy and dirty, needless to say I only have about one sip.  We probably would have left then, but had already placed the order.  I order a "shrimp po boy", I know I'm an idiot. I receive a cold stale bun with wilted vegetables and a few deep fried shrimp about the size of a tic tac.  I only am saying they are shrimp because that is what I was told.  They also arrive with soggy sweet potato fries for a dollar more.  Ron and Jason get the "philly cheese steaks" which have the similiar condition with respect to bun and veggies, but these are piled high with a grayish soft material that if I am to believe the waitress is meat of some kind.  Again, having had a beer or two by the time we arrive our decision making skills aren't the best and we both have a few bites each purely for medical purposes.  The waitress comes back and presents us with the bill which automatically has a 16% tip added.  I guess this is S. O. P for this place and I'm sure I understand why now having ate the food.  While we are waiting for the bill a busboy comes by to wipe the table and asks us how the food was, I chose not to answer but Ron instinctively said "fine, thanks" and the guy says "really, I wouldn't eat it" and walks away.  This is the perfect cherry on top of this fantastic dining experience and if this short visit wasn't hell enough all three of us were infected with some mild case of food poisoning the next day, New Years Eve!!  This provided more than a bit of a distraction for even the most hardcore and dedicated partier.  In closing, thank you for giving me a reason to provide one star to a business and I hope you are forced to eat this food for the rest of your lives.  
P.S. one quick note of another sign of the apocolypse is that the next day we are walking by and there is actually a line outside to get into this place.  Yes my friends we definitely need much more thinnning of the herd.Drinks were good! Bar staff was speedy and friendly. I'd recommend stopping in for a specialty drink in a souvenir cup when you're near the cathedral!Me been a local I was very disappointed with the food here .... I only order the BBQ shrimp and wow really bad ... shrimp not fresh it all.. no flavor and the sauce way to grease.. first and last time that I come here.. that's why us locals avoid places in the French Quarter..blue crab restaurant  at the lake front was  times betterThis was the worst place we have tried in New Orleans. We were extremely disappointed. The gumbo was decent, but the etouffe was bland, as was the jambalya. There was almost no shrimp in the shrimp creole. The bread pudding was very sweet, but otherwise flavorless. The breakfast dishes were mediocre at best too.EXTREMELY slow service. Food came out cold and took forever. Appetizer was brought with food. Refills only happened because we asked. AND this was on a slow night. Truly sad!Stopped in for lunch and it was crowded, which we took as a good sign. In the case of this restaurant, I think it was more a matter of convenience in that it's location right off Jackson Square is perfect for tourists. We were seated and it took a long time to get our drinks. In fact, the first beer ordered by my stepfather was out of stock. Bummer, but it happens. The two star review comes from the sub-par food. My boyfriend ordered red beans and rice and he wasn't very impressed. The others in our party were disappointed as well. Edible, yes, but when we got the check for our food and drinks we were in shock. $95 before tip. We could have gotten a better tasting meal from a fast food joint for a fraction of the cost. The poorly mixed specialty drinks were $10 a pop and while that isn't uncommon in the French Quarter, for what we were served was in no way, shape, or form worth what our bill was. Plus, the bathrooms were filthy. What a disappointing waste of money.PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE. We had Calvin as our server and he was NOT happy to be at work. No hello no your welcome nothing. We were nothing but polite to this gentlemen and he was just having the worst day and taking it out on customers, yelling at the poor hostess for giving him more tables. He was just so disgustingly rude. It's so sad that a restaurant in a very busy corner in French quarter has such poor service and food. We only ordered oysters and they weren't even shucked properly, had to shuck them ourselves. The manager looked like could be my little brother. He saw that we were displeased and we tried to my eye contact, he would grasp it for a second and purposely tried to ignore us. Worst part is they weren't even busy. This was around 4pm 5/27This place was awesome. Walked around for a while  looking for a good spot to eat, drink and watch the Sixers game. Found it right there. Food was beyond excellent. Our waiter Justin was great!! Price wasn't bad at all. Def recommend it.Went on a super slow, Tuesday night. All the food and drinks were delicious. I had the oyster shooter and char broiled oysters. Wife had a hurricane and jambalaya. All the food was flavorful, but not very hot, which is probably most appropriate for a tourist spotDelicious lunch for my family of 4! My husband had the oyster po'boy, my son got alligator bites, the other son got the fire on the bayou omlette, and I got a chicken  Caesar.  Everything was very delcious. We waited a very long time for our food to come out and the restaurant  was kind of empty, otherwise it would  have gotten more stars.Oysters weren't grilled enough- bordering raw!  Gumbo was broth with lacking content.  Jambalaya tasted like tomatoes out of a can.  Too many great places to eat- skip this place!This place has some of the worst service I've ever had. We had to find the bartender/waitress any time we wanted food or drinks and we often had to remind her about our drink orders. The drinks were only adequate and they included 18% gratuity on the check for our party of four. Do not come here.We came in here with the intentions of drinks, appetizers, and a meal, but left after the appetizers. I ordered alligator bites, and boyfriend got oysters. My "alligator bites" were actually little pieces of STEAK and an extremely small portion too! The boyfriend liked his oysters. We left without ordering an entree because we didn't like being lied to about the alligator.Pretty Ok, not bad. Would probably be a worse rating if they staff wasn't so polite. 
It's a packaged "NEW ORLEANS, I MEAN N'AWLINS! GUMBO BUMBO CRAWFISH, Y'ALL!" type of French Quarter tourist restaurant, but barring that, it isn't that bad. The Beer is certainly reasonably priced, and the only thing that was really over the top expensive was the oysters, which I probably wouldn't pay that much for again. 
Otherwise is was decent fare with good waitstaff. Wouldn't recommend, considering how many other great restaurants are in the area, but if I was stumbling around starving and drunk, I wouldn't be adverse to stopping in and ordering a poboy or two.Gumbalaya was amazing. Great service during a busy weekend night. Drinks were on the weak side so I'd skip having one here.So me and my crew stopped in for a quick cup of Gumbo before our ride to Whitney Plantation. I'm giving this place 2 stars ONLY because the sausage in the gumbo is nice and spicy....HOWEVER...our oh NOT SO SWEET waitress Cara was real rude! We tried to tell the Manager however he acted unconcerned as well! Their service is HORRIBLE! New Orleans is all about hospitality and this place did NOT provide that! It's way too many restaurants in New Orleans to deal with rude and neglectful staff...No crawfish... no oysters... but the service was ok and they had tv's to watch football games.This place has some of the worst service I've ever had. We had to find the bartender/waitress any time we wanted food or drinks and we often had to remind her about our drink orders. The drinks were only adequate and they included 18% gratuity on the check for our party of four. Do not come hereNot good, smelled bad and the food was just mediocre at best. I ordered a omelette that was supposed to be stuffed with a seafood mix. It had a couple shrimp and nothing else. Coffee was possibly the worst I have tried.Staff is great. Food is so sub par... what a disappointment. I got the fried shrimp po boy. It was just not good... Uninspired, thrown together. The actual pieces of shrimp were fine so I dipped those in the tarter sauce and gave the rest to a homeless man.Visited for breakfast this morning. The floor was filthy and the table was sticky. They seemed to be understaffed in the kitchen as it took a very long time for them to return with our food. My hash browns were cold, coffee was burnt, and there was a bay leaf in my omelette. We will be telling our friends to avoid eating here.After chugging down several glasses of water during our hot & humid walk through French Quarter, I needed to use a restroom. I saw this nice establishment and proceeded to walk to the restroom. One of the waitresses then came and blocked the restroom asking what I was doing. When I let her know she screamed out that I needed to be a paying customer. When I questioned if she was serious, she said yes. I said, "FINE! I'll buy a coke." She then said it was too late. WHAT?!? Too late? I then proceeded to tell her that I was a food critic and that they would be getting ONE star on Yelp. Well here's their one star.
In a society that is driven by peer reviews, you would think you would want to do your best to "assist" clients or even potential clients.
P.S. I then went down a few buildings and was welcomed into a NICE restaurant to use their restroom. Stay away from the cheap hole-in-the-wall places like this one when in NOLA.It was ok. Oysters were GIGANTIC!!!! Chicken salad was blah. Only good thing about this place was our server. He was a character!Excellent (strong) bloody mary's. They will make it a "double" for an extra $3. Bartender has a short fuse though.I haven't seen a wait line yet for this place, but that's probably because the food is not to die for, but it's good. Some waitresses are awesome and others not. They do offer raw oysters on the half shell at an affordable price. Not a large variety on the menu but it had all the basics. The only item I've had that I didn't enjoy was the eggs Benedict. It was way too greasy and drowning in hollandaise. Gets some oysters, the full seafood platter, or the double club. Close to Jackson Square and the water. High top tables and a good view.Okay I am a fan of 2 things! Their Crawfish Chicken and the waitress that recommended it!  Aside from that everything else was okay... well let's make that 3 things!  Had the "Sex on the Quarters"....... LOVED IT! A bit on the pricey side... but would go back for the same thing again! 
Great for group's and sports fans as they had several TV's playing sports!AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!!! Should have judge a book by its cover! This bar had a low rating and I can see why!! Bartender is extremely unexperienced and one of the rudest people I've ever met and I'm from Miami. She made my family and I horrible, to sweet drinks. We all had all but one sip and asked to switch them out because hey we're undrinkable. She told us that she would change them but have to recharge us for the new drinks. I've never in my life been somewhere that if a costumer is unhappy with something and only had one sip, they wouldn't change it. My family and I ended up leaving unhappy with no drinks and out $64 dollars. It's not about the money, but be nicer and understand a little more. I found out as I was leaving that she had been working there for 11 years or so. It honestly makes me wonder how many bad drink she had made and how many people she has fucked over in her time there. Never returning!The grilled oysters were amazing as well as the cruzan punch.  We were a little weary because of reviews but so glad we stopped.  Get the oysters!The food was amazing, I had the Catfish Decatur. It was the best dish that I had in New Orleans while my time there. They seated us right away. The waitress was super nice, her name was Angie. She made us feel very welcomed and she was very funny. I have never had a waitress so nice and so welcoming like her. Definitely would go again next time I am in New Orleans.The service here was pretty horrible.  The waitress seemed to think she didn't need to write down any of our drink orders and would bring us the wrong drinks or forget a few and then disappear for 10 minutes at a time.  On the plus side she offered to give us 6 individual checks, but also messed that up a few times.  She also seemed unusually concerned about who got the (free) waters and wanted to make sure that was indicated on the checks.
The bloody mary's were mediocre as were all the other super sugary drinks.  The food seemed pretty overpriced and while all I got were french fries, they seemed pretty typical.   On a Thursday afternoon it was not very crowded at all, which is perhaps the only advantage of this place as it allows for an escape of the overly crowded, douchey places of Bourbon St.Ended up at Corner Oyster House after unsuccessfully finding a place nearby that could seat a large party for Sunday Brunch. Everyone in our party was super hungover from the night before and after a seemingly never ending walk down Decatur Street a place without a line in the heat was a solid option. Each person in our group had a vastly different opinion of the food. Personally I was a big fan of the Fried Shrimp PoBoy, but I could see how some sauce could have definitely helped. I will say this is not a place to order a Hurricane, the one I ordered was basically a giant glass of sugar and made me sick after like two or three sips. The service was pretty amazing as our server was on the ball and brought us out food and drinks quickly. I feel like if you stick with the recommendations and don't worry too much about it not being as known as the other spots near Jackson Square, it is a fine, but certainly not glamorous pick for a decent meal at a decent price.We ended up here on a Sunday evening when most everything else was closed.  Ordered po' boys and they were the worst we've ever had in any trip to NOLA.Collette our server was absolutely Wonderful and Amazing.  She made our experience the ultimate best.  This was my first time visiting New Orleans and I must say it felt great to have a server with Collette's great personality, style and patience to take the time and interest and go over our menu options. She made us feel comfortable and checked on our table with something fun to share.  All I can say is this was a memorable experience that we all enjoyed due to our server Collette.Do not eat here. This is my first post ever. Very poor management.  Charred oysters were burnt for $24.00. The manager would not do anything. Pizza came out for my youngest son after everyone had finished the meal. We had to take it with us. There are so many restaurants down here and I am sorry that I choose this one.Treat staff shitty, roaches in the kitchen as well as rodents. Food is prepped by so many hands ur likely to catch something. Behind the scenes scare fest. Do NOT eat here.I tried the sampler and it was off the chain!!! Huge dish!! And i eat a lot! Very flavorful! Not sure why the rating was low. We almost left but we were tired of walking around. The service was extremely good. I never leave reviews so it took good food and great sevice for me to write one! Enjoy!!My fella and I ate here the other day and did not know what to expect in a touristy part of town.  The bloody mary was out of this world.  I ordered the gumbo (awesome)  he ordered the crawfish chicken(sooo good).    The server Jes was very friendly and fast.  The location is really good, right on Jackson Square, and the place is very big and open, so even though it was hot , it was not stuffy.  I will be going back.  With Saints season coming, this place will have my repeat business they have like 14 t.vs.We did not eat. 
The drinks are very pricey, but worth the cost. 
This place knows how to pour.I love the convenient location of Corner Oyster! I usually find myself here in need of a to-go brew, so why not enjoy a dozen oysters. Freshly shucked right there in the bar!Stopped in for some delicious mimosas late one morning the last weekend of December and ordered a sampler platter. Half of the food came out cold and most everything was just bland.
Service at the bar was great and we didn't feel like complaining about the food and making a big deal out of it.
I dunno, I hate giving mediocre reviews, but with all the great food nearby, I don't think I'd stop at Corner Oyster House for a meal again.We went for lunch on a Saturday and were promptly seated in a high top in the bar area.  There are many TVs showing college football games.  The restaurant is decorated with college sport banners.  I ordered the gumbolaya.....gumbo and jambalaya combo. It was very flavorful. My friend had the catfish poboy and enjoyed it. The cheese quesadilla had a lot of tasty cheddar cheese in it.  We had NOLA beer for $7/pint.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  It is located next to Jackson Square.  I would return again to try other dishes and the desserts sounded delicious.This place has a great location -- on the corner of Jackson Square -- but NOTHING else going for it. Don't waste your time or tastebuds! We ordered what we thought was a simple meal last night: shrimp poboy and a pasta alfredo. We waited almost an hour.for our food. They said the kitchen had "gotten a little backed up". Totally dysfunctional would have been more accurate. When it finally arrived it was so bland (both dishes-- really? How hard is a poboy?) That a Filet-o-fish would have been better. And $40?! (We didn't even have alcohol.) Don't bother and your life will be better off. No stars for these clowns but the system won't take zero for an answer.Excellent chicken and sausage gumbo! Dark spicy redux! Hard to find gumbo without seafood and this was great! Fresh garden salad. Wonderful service...from the host to the server! Glad I didn't listen to the reviews! There was a slight "stale beer smell" but that is NOLA! Cheap prices too!!Horrible food and horrible service! I should have known better, but after a late night and a full day of walking around I decided to stop in. What a mistake! Stay away. They don't tell you that an automatic gratuity is put on the bill and it makes me wonder how many people don't realize this. The blackened shrimp nachos that I got were pretty much chips with sour cream. The shrimp po' boy my brother got was a nothng but a huge loaf of bread with a handful of shrimp that tasted old. Ridiculously over priced and the servers are so rude.We loved the fried shrimp platters and the eggs Benedict, and the cool inside of this place on a hot summer (in September) day.  Service was great and the beer was cold!We stopped in specifically for the boiled shrimp and oysters. We ordered drinks (the bloody Mary was very good) and found out they were out of oysters. Ok, boiled shrimp along with the boiled crawfish. The crawfish was quite good for a dive bar. Plenty of cayenne pepper!  The shrimp were a bit blander. 
Good place for boiled seafood and beers.We were seated quickly and our waitress seemed nice enough, once we ordered our drinks the service went down hill drastically. She was good enough about refilling our waters but she said maybe five words to us our entire visit and when we asked what she suggested between a pasta dish and sandwich she seemed super annoyed and rolled her eyes. The Roast Beef sandwich was bad...soggy, meat wasnt flavorful and just over all not good at all. The sausage poboy was decent, but not worth the price. We asked for the check to be split and our waitress rolled her eyes again, and it took awhile for us to get the ticket back. We also asked for one more refill of water and never got it.Good place to stop in for a mid tour cocktail. Bloody's are good and made with homemade mix.
Worth the stop. Maybe next time we'll try the food.Pasta was swimming in sauce. Nachos had cheap nasty cheese. Shrimp had heads. Jambalaya was dry. But the voodoo brew was phenomenal.Omg the chargrilled oysters were phenomenal! And the decateur gator bites were so good too. But Dan recommended the chargrilled oysters and he did not lie about how good they were! They melt in your mouth and even my boyfriend who's not big on oysters loved them. I highly recommend this place and will be coming back for these chargrilled oysters which is the best thing i've had in new orleans so far. And Dan was a great bartender with great customer service and tips!We stopped here for dinner tonight. There were 10 in our party so we understand we would have to wait for a table. Ended up being seated at two different tables with two different waiters. Still no problem. Our friends had Angie as a server got drinks and bread almost immediately. We had Calvin and it took over 10 minutes for him to get around to us. Angie on the other hand had appetizers and more bread to our friends before Calvin took our order. Angie was kind enough to bring us some bread since Calvin was too busy to check on us. He took our order, brought us drinks, and disappeared. NEVER EVER AGAIN will I come here. Completely dissatisfied with the service. In all honesty it completely sucked. I don't know how many tables Calvin was taking care of, but it clear he had more than he could handle. 
And the family bathroom was disgusting. The floor were wet with urine and nasty. 
Thankfully the food was delicious.I was in New Orleans for a girls trip and we ate here on the first night. I got some sort of pasta with crab cakes and crawfish and that night woke up with FOOD POISONING. It couldn't have been from anything else I ate because that's the only thing different I ate from everyone else in the group. So I do NOT recommend going here unless you want violent food poisoning and to yak all night long. Worst. Experience. Ever.Food was ok, have had much better for much less.  Service was terrible, gratuity is automatically added to your check, so I felt like our waitress could care less.  I would have no problem with the gratuity already being added if our waitress was better.   For three people, three burgers, appetizer, and three drinks, was $60.  Place had 12 flat screen tv's which would be cool to watch the NCAA basketball tourny on, but I would only go here for drinks and to watch a game.We only got drinks here, but they were strong and good. Decent service and great location in the French Quarter.Had the alligator bites, they came out cold, literally baby bites (they were like little end pieces of meat) they were very very tough. Would not recommendJust had dessert here. I was craving some NOLA sweets and ended up here as it was rather late. Staff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating, even though I was only eating dessert (aka less tip potentially).
Desserts were only OK. They had that 'been in the fridge too long' taste unfortunately.
Friendly staff and great location, but only a 'meh' for the food quality in my opinion.Glad we did not listen to the reviews. Gumbalaya was amazing! Great portion for $11. Our server was Robert, he was very nice and attentive.Very nice, cozy breakfast/lunch place with good food. Gumbolaya is a must-try. It is a fusion between Jambolaya and Gumbo and it tastes good. Try to get Jon to wait on you if you really want to experience Southern hospitality. What a nice, classy man!While on our honeymoon in New Orleans, we frantically looked for a bar with NFL Sunday ticket so we could catch the end of our team's game (the Saints were currently playing so most bars just had this on).  It was the fourth quarter, so our options were limited.  I was relieved after trying 10 bars to find this.  First of all, we told them the name of our team, and they sat us down in a location where a ceiling fan completely blocked the screen.  We waited 15 minutes for service and asked to move, and the waitress said she couldn't serve us then (after we were ready to order).  She said we would have to wait for another server.  At this point, there was only 10 minutes left in the game, so I just stayed put and ordered.  The waitress said their Hurricanes were too sweet and recommended another cocktail.  It was disgusting.  It tasted like syrup and sugar.  I could barely drink it.  They then brought us out our food.  Now I am from Wisconsin, so I LIKE cheese.  But our nachos were literally drowned in an entire jar of cheese sauce.  I should have taken a picture because it was so unbelievable...it's pretty hard to screw up nachos.  This was so disgusting that there wasn't a mm not dripping in cheese sauce.  I said something (nicely) to the waitress that these nachos were inedible due to the cheese.  She said, "Oh yeah, they put too much on."  She then brings our check out.  Did not comp the nachos or offer us anything.  I was so mad but my husband didn't want me to make a scene.  I then look and our sugary syrupy drinks were $12 a piece!  This was by far the most expensive drink we had in New Orleans.  We went to the famous Sazerac Bar and Carousel Bar and Lounge and made less than $10 for high quality cocktails.  Two small drinks, wings, and nachos we didn't eat, plus a 20 percent tip (I'm too nice...she was awful) was over $80.  I cannot begin to say how disappointed I was.  This restaurant/bar should be ashamed of themselves.  It clearly needs to jack up horrible food prices to afford the rent across from Jackson Square.  DO NOT go here...do better research for football games and avoid this rip-off at all costs!My BF had the jambalaya, it looked great. He had about 4 bites and that was it. I tried it, it tasted  like it was from a box, not home made. I had the crawfish/crab cakes over pasta. It was swimming in pasta. It looked great as well .... I only ate some of it. We both had bellyaches within minutes of leaving & had to go back to our room. The server was great.I really don't know why this place has such a bad rating. First of all, our server was ah-mazing and brought us everything before we even knew we needed it. We had the gumbaliya (?) and the roast beef "po' boy" and both were excellent and came to us within 15 mins of ordering. We weren't looking for much, just a quick lunch before an activity and the price was really good for the location. I can't tell you if the food was authentic but it was yummy.Stopped in for lunch with the wife, niece and grandbaby. Ordered shrimp poboys, it wasn't on French bread. It was on a hogie bun. Wth, I'm from ls/ms and have NEVER had a poboy on anything other than real French bread. Food was ok, but kinda disappointed. Our waitress was not good at all, we had to ask for everything, napkins, more drink, the check. Will not come back.Stopped in for lunch and it was crowded, which we took as a good sign. In the case of this restaurant, I think it was more a matter of convenience in that it's location right off Jackson Square is perfect for tourists. We were seated and it took a long time to get our drinks. In fact, the first beer ordered by my stepfather was out of stock. Bummer, but it happens. The two star review comes from the sub-par food. My boyfriend ordered red beans and rice and he wasn't very impressed. The others in our party were disappointed as well. Edible, yes, but when we got the check for our food and drinks we were in shock. $95 before tip. We could have gotten a better tasting meal from a fast food joint for a fraction of the cost. The poorly mixed specialty drinks were $10 a pop and while that isn't uncommon in the French Quarter, for what we were served was in no way, shape, or form worth what our bill was. What a disappointing waste of money.We forgot to yelp this place.  The location was convenient and the restaurant looked busy.  That's where the good ends and the bad begins.
Service was painfully slow.  After about 40 minutes and no food and no top- off of beverages, we had to ask another server if our order and our table had been forgotten.  It obviously had been.  When the food finally came out, it was cold and worse yet ridiculously small portioned, poorly presented and flat out cheap.  The school cafeteria in kindergarten would seem gourmet in comparison.  Sorry to report this but the one star is generous.  Always yelp first!!!Worst experience ever! Too many great places for food and drink in NO to bother with this one! Wait staff didn't know what seltzer water was...but we were served tap water on ice rather than the grey goose we paid for! Would not even give one
Star if Yelp hadn't made me!