We really enjoyed our meal here, and the service was excellent. My husband had the blackened alligator as an app and I had the crab and corn bisque - both great. Highly recommend getting blackened instead of fried... unless you just don't like blackened seasoning. 
I had the shrimp po' boy and he had the red fish for our mains. I should have ordered something a little more specialized - save the po' boy for a more basic place! They do a great job with flavoring and there's a lot of great options on the menu. Worth a visit!We had a terrible experience at this restaurant while being on vacation for my sister's bachelorette party. The moment we sat down, our server, VINCENT, was not the friendliest. When taking our drink order, one of our pregnant friends asked if they had freshly squeezed lemonade or if it was from the soda machine. The server said "Do you really think I'm going to the back to squeeze your lemonade?" with sarcasm. He then took the bride to be's order and she asked for a Bloody Mary with a pickle, he said they didn't have any pickles, and questioned where we were from and went as far as saying.. "where are you guys from.. freshly squeezed lemonade, pickles in your Bloody Mary?"; as if our requests were something out of this world. Shortly after, we let him know to place our orders on different tabs since it's a group of 5 girls. He said he could NOT do that, which we found surprising and kept questioning. He left the table and went to the back, came back, and rudely asked for our order which is when we decided to just leave this place altogether because he was so rude and unpleasant! Will not be returning to or recommending this location ever all because of one person.Coterie is the Bennigan's of New Orleans restaurants. The menu sounds good, but the food is mediocre. I was especially disappointed with the Blackened Redfish, a New Orleans speciality, which at Coterie wasn't blacked, wasn't spicy, and was pretty darn plain. I asked them to blacken it some more, but I think the cook just shook more cayenne pepper on it--all the art of a Popeyes Friend Chicken restaurant. My friend ordered the Shrimp Poboy, which was good, I should have ordered that.Oh my God the food here is amazing. Loved every bite and the wait staff was awesome. I would highly recommend this anyone visiting the big easy. Awesome char-grilled oysters and the crab cake pasta was delicious. 
They also had happy hour with great prices on martinis and a New Orleans favorite, the Hurricane.We've been here 3 times already.  They used to be called Huck Fin.  They will not disappoint you.  We loved the Happy hour with $0.25 huge oysters, great breakfast. They even gave us complimentary bignet. A must if you go to NOLAWhere do I begin?  Okay, let's start with the plus.  We got there and the place was full.  We had a party of 6 and was told that it would be 45 minutes to be seated but that we could get separate checks so we decided the wait would be worth the aggravation of figuring out the bill.  We only waited 10 minutes.  Bonus.
That's where it all ended.  We were seated and Chris, our server came out to take our orders.  Okay, all good.  I ordered 2 dozen fresh raw oysters.  I love my oysters and eat them all the time.  Not sure how they were shucked but they all came out very dirty and gritty.  Yuck.  
We ordered various things from the menu.  The server forgot to put in one of our orders and only realized it when he was handing out the food so he had to put in the order late but instead of apologizing he blamed one of the other servers for "stealing his plate". 
One party ordered the pulled pork Po Boy.  It was so salty she couldn't eat it. 
One ordered a pasta dish that was also too salty.  
The seafood gumbo was alright but nothing to write home about.  
When we finally received that last order (after everyone had finished their meal) we mentioned to the waiter that the potato salad which came with one of the plates was not given.  He stated that they had run out.  
He apologized and said the kitchen was failing him.  When I agreed the kitchen had failed him and said that the potato salad being out should have been mentioned.  He rolled his eyes at me and said, "I don't care" and walked away.  what?!
I would never recommend this place.  The food was not great and the service was worse.What a gem Coterie is in downtown NOLA. Stopped in here randomly and sat at the bar. This place gets packed though so you'll want to make a reservation. Happy hour is amazing. Half a dozen oysters for 4.50 and martinis and cocktails for 3! Sign me up!
Bartender,oyster shucker, and staff were lovelyGreat food, great drinks, great service! I recommend the Boudin Balls and Chicken and Sausage Gumbo to start with, and then wherever your tastebuds lead! The hurricane is of course the must-have drink for NOLA, but the St. Germaine 75 is absolutely delightful (and Michonne is the best bartender ever)!!! Definitely hit this place if you're looking for great food and drinks with less bourbon street crazy, more chill NOLA vibes. I'll be back!We always came here for po-boys when it was Huck Fin's.  It was always a good experience. This was our first time as Coterie.  We were seated in the back bar dining room.  The bartender brought waters and one had a dark object floating in it. Then two more tables were seated after us. We all waited forever for any kind of service. The server went to the other tables for drink orders before us. He finally came to us.  We figured with this poor service we better get our whole order in because we may never see him again. We ordered appetizers and our entrees.   He brought out our entrees and THEN our appetizers.  These tables aren't meant for six plates.  The manager must have had others complain because he came back and asked one employee 'what is going on back here?'  
We walked through the rain to get there to have a nice, casual dinner with friends and in the end,  just wanted to get out of there. Needless to say, we won't be back. Too many other choices in town.I stayed at the attached hotel for several nights and visited the bar and restaurant here a few times. The drinks here are really good. I tried the old fashioned, Sazerac, and a couple of others. I also had crab cakes, fried shrimp po'boy, and the taste of New Orleans. I wish I had tried the seafood gumbo before I left. They were very busy at certain times and seemed to be understaffed, but the bartender and waiters were very kind and apologetic about it. I would go for happy hour or lunch. They were not as busy as later in the evening.Great food, staff and price. Came here multiple times during our recent stay and it never disappointed. Great breakfasts thru cocktails. If you're leary about trying new places/restaurants, this one is a safe bet.Great Staff,
Fresh Oyster, Cargrill way to go. GUMBO is also a good starter.
Enjoy!
ThanksWe had the pleasure to have Jeffrey B. serve us and I  can not describe how incredible he is! He went above and beyond and was just so friendly! Breath of fresh air and can't wait until our next visit and hope to have him! Food was amazing and he was spot on with all of the recommendations he made!I had - TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS
Three of the city's most enjoyed dishes, all prepared in house: Crawfish Etouffee, Chicken & Sausage Jambalaya, and Gumbo
Delicious!!!Coterie is the new kid on the block and definitely worth trying out. A tad pricier than Acme but more delicious imo (also you don't have to endure a 30-45 minute wait, which is a huge plus in my book). 
The interior is clean, modern and has an industrial chic+sports bar vibe going on. While our food did take a while to come out, it was well worth the wait. We ordered their charbroiled oysters, which were large, plump, juicy and full of flavor! My coworker also ordered a great medley dish (Taste of New Orleans) that I would recommend for first-time NOLA visitors. 
Give this place a shot, you'll like it.Fantastic food. We stopped in for breakfast. I had the three pig skillet. It was amazing. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. The local flavor is exactly what we were looking for. All the staff was friendly. We will definitely be back.I definitely recommend the Bayou Lafitte for brunch or breakfast. Absolutely delicious. I'll definitely be back next visit to Nola!Great happy hour spot. Fresh atmosphere, great service and yummy oyster specials. Will definitely return!We stopped in for a dozen chargrilled oysters. They were good. We enjoyed them. Had great service. No complaints.So apparently this place renovated and changed it's name, but it is really Huck Finn's Cafe that has been here a while. It's right in the heart of the french quarter of New Orleans. Don't care for the new modern atmosphere as much. Food is still good, might have been better before.Had cocktails and appetizers this afternoon. Fantastic!
Loved the crab & corn chowder. Get the large.  Great taste and finishes with a little kick. Grilled oysters were the best I've ever had anywhere. Served with a side of bread doused in the oyster sauce. 
The fried pickles were good, but substitute ranch for the default sauce. It was too salty.  
The milk punch bourbon was sweet and good like a White Russian.  A little too easy. The House recipe sazerac was very tasty.This place was okay. Tried the Grilled Oysters and the Taste of New Orleans, which came with Gumbo, Red Beans & Rice and Crawfish Etoufee. It was moderate at best. Quite honestly, at the end of the meal I had to ask the server what each item was because I honestly couldn't tell. If you can avoid it, do so. You can do better.I went for the highly rated fried shrimp. Unfortunately, it tasted like frozen, farm raised shrimp that I got out of a grocery store freezer. Great service and cute atmosphere!Food is on point! Service would be 3-4 star but I rate on food. AC could be turned up as well. But definitely worth visiting taste wise.Everything we ate here was delicious! The service was great too. Amazing oysters and I don't usually live cooked oysters but wow the BBQ oysters were the beat I've had. I'd go back in a heartbeatThe Southern eggs Benedict was absolutely delicious!!  Also had dinner last night, the chicken and sausage gumbo was incredible along with the grilled oysters and the jumbalaya!!!!Food and drinks were great!  I had the Grasshopper drink so yummy!  Our table shares the charbroiled oysters which were good and then I had the crab cake pasta really good!  My husband had the jam burger which he loved and just like other posts the fries were so good!  Our server was definitely attentive...once we were finished a little too...felt like she was rushing us out the door.  She was polite and friendly!The food here is awesome! Some of the best fried shrimp I've ever had. The drink selection is phenomenal too! There's also an oyster bar that's one of the best in the city. Nice, cozy restaurant with a New Orleans feel... Highly recommend!I cannot day anything bad about this restaurant, the food was good. Just unremarkable. We had the crab cakes. The drinks were unmemorable. The service very good. Unfortunately, with so many absolutely wonderful restaurants to choose from I would not return.I can not speak highly enough of this place. The food was amazing and our service was beyond spectacular. I made a reservation for after my wedding with a party of 7, and even though we arrived nearly an hour early we were still seated promptly and politely. Our server Joseph was so friendly and on top of our service, and the manager Jack stopped by the table to congratulate us and exchange a few jokes. They have the best fried pickles I've EVER had (which says a LOT) and we will definitely be back on our next trip to New Orleans.Absolutely HORRIBLE customer service!!! We are in N.O. for a bachelorette weekend & had reservations. Our table wasn't ready when we arrived ON TIME, they split our party up when the 4 people they put at another table could've clearly been added to our table, we had ONE HORRIBLE WAITER (New waiter at that) w/ no assistance & our food arrived cold. When the bride complained to the manager, he wasn't even concerned, nor did he offer any resolution. I will never return to this restaurant on any future trips to New Orleans. Additionally, the women's restroom was absolutely disgusting! The crab cakes are awesome, however, I would not recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy!Our waiter Eric was attentive and the food was great!! I had shrimp and grits which was amazing and a good portion. My son had the catfish dish with rice and vegetables. It was tasty! My daughter had a sampler of jambalaya, chicken and sausage gumbo, and something else. The jambalaya was good, but the gumbo was way too salty. The place is clean and we were seated right away on a Wednesday around 5:00pm.This is my favorite place in the French Quarter. The Char Broiled oysters are spot on and the prices are very reasonable. Also the Bar is really cool and comfortable right in the middle of the French Quarter.The staff 2 thumbs up.  The oysters locally sourced and organically farmed...all I can say is have to order...oh and the BEST charbroiled oysters ever...if I could find a way, I would take them with me home on the planeI wanted to write this review as soon as I left the restaurant but I thought it would be better if I waited a day to try and articulate a proper review for the establishment. 
I had very high expectations when I entered. The influx of positive reviews made me want to try this restaurant for a while. I missed out on Coolinary month and was kicking myself for it. But lo and behold, restaurant week was right on the corner so I was able to happily indulge.
A $29 menu as opposed to the $39 peaked my interest but after the experience I think the $10 extra at any other place would have been worth it. 
Since its restaurant week, I assume non regulars end up showing up to dabble and get a feel of a new place. Because of this, wouldn't you think the food would be on point? I mean, if you are trying to get more customers to your establishment shouldn't the food be properly prepared?
The issue wasn't the service. Quite frankly, I bumped up the review because our server was sweet and everyone I saw working a smile on their face. Something happened in the kitchen and it was clearly evident in the food I tried to eat.
Lets start off with the mojito my girlfriend and I ordered. Was that the best drink to order off the menu? Probably not, but I wanted something refreshing and the idea of mint was appealing. The drink was way too watered down prior to the ice melting. The 3 sprigs of mint shoved into my glass was clearly withered and old. The drink tasted like crap to be honest but I tried to think positive and cut my losses early. 
I ordered the gumbo and she ordered the boudin balls. Honestly, the boudin was probably the best thing i ate on the menu. It was fried pretty nicely and in combination with the remoulade made it tolerable. The gumbo was flavorful but watery. Everything seemed like it was cooked at lik 9 am or earlier and reheated for 8 pm. 
I ordered the blackened redfish with crawfish etoufee and she order the shrimp and grits. I realized after i ordered that the redfish wasnt topped with shrimp etoufee. Being that its not crawfish season, i had a feeling it might have been frozen. I couldn't say for sure til i received my dessert. The redfish was tiny, probably the size of a toddlers foot. It was seared properly and it tasted fine, nothing too bad or good, just meh. The vegetables were over cooked and the dirty rice was under cooked. I mixed the vegetables with the rice in order to try and finish my food quicker but it just made a bigger mess. Every spoonful of rice i ate, 3/4 of it was cooked and a 1/4 of it was hard like the grain. I was extremely disappointed with this dish. I was excited to try and eat something different but ended up being disappointed. The shrimp and grits looked ok. She said it wasnt the best and kind of tasted like great value grits but again, tolerable. 
Peanut butter anything is my kryptonite. So, of course im ordering the peanut butter chocolate pie. Looks can be deceiving. The pie had a rock hard outer chocolate shell with a cold, peanut butter brick center. The only way to eat this dessert is with ice sculpture tools. The bread pudding was the worst thing i have ever seen. I am used to bread pudding being soft; cut it with a butter knife soft, and moist. This pudding however, was the opposite. If I shoved my fork into it, I would be able to lift the whole dessert off the plate. Not all was bad though, the glaze that it sat marinating in was ok. 
I wanted to love this place, I really did. Maybe it was the restaurant week menu that messed me up. I want to say I will try and give this another shot, but if they cant keep a standard participating in restaurant week then don't participate. Regular people take advantage of these menus so they can try new things, hopefully get blown away and come again at a later time. I picked this place because of the convenience, the money and the overall good reviews. It was not what I expected at all.It was my first time here. The etouffee was good. Honestly...I wasn't crazy about the gumbo which I heard was really great there. Someone else in my party had been before and was dying for the gumbo and they were also disappointed. The best thing I tried was the Chicken Club sandwich!!!! It was definitely the best chicken club I've tasted anywhere!!! Our service was okay.  We were only 1 of 3 tables at the time. But i don't see myself going back unless it's for that chicken club!!!Don't waste your time coming here. The service is bad...took hour & half to get food, waiter couldn't keep orders straight, dirty dishes & bathrooms. Run Forest, run!Brunch was heavenly! From the PJ's coffee with half and half served to the delectable New Orleans style French toast with Applewood smoked bacon I had to my boyfriend's omelet with andouille sausage. Delish!Pretty late with this review but I had such a good time in New Orleans on the weekend of New Years Eve. My family and I visited Coterie Restaurant as our first stop after arriving at the airport and I must say this place did not disappoint. Mike was our server and he was awesome. Very humble and welcomed us with open arms. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it was beyond fantastic. I even tried alligator  which was delicious as well. I highly recommend!Service was too slow and the food wasn't that great. Overall, just another touristy spot.The oysters were great and the seafood gumbo was good. Had a good time listening to the banter at the bar especially after Darth Vader started performing on the corner outside. I will visit again.I try to go somewhere several times before eating to ensure consistency.  Coterie is my go-to restaurant when I visit New Orleans.  The food and the service are always great.  The chargrilled oysters are by far the best you will find (better than the famous Drago's).  A must visit when you go to the Big Easy.
Update: New menu items to include oysters Bienville and oysters Rockefeller.   Well-done, Coterie!  Both are excellent additions.Eric R behind the bar led me up the right path. Thanks man, for doing what you do well! Sit at the bar.Fast service and great food. A lot of oyster bars close to Canal Street suffer from long lines and spotty service. For a slightly higher price, I would much rather do a restaurant like Coterie than some place like Felix's or Acme. Our server Joseph was fantastic. Drinks were great (recommend the Bourbon Milk).  The raw oysters were awesome. Perfect size and super fresh.  The grilled alligator was also great. The chargrilled oysters were good, but not quite as good as Drago's.  I would highly recommend giving it a try.I have absolutely nothing bad to say about Coterie. The drinks are awesome, the food is some of the best Cajun food you will find in New orleans and the staff is incredibly friendly. I'd highly recommend the Crawfish Etouffee or any Cajun entrees.Great place to sit and watch the game as a local or an out of towner. Multiple TVs. Drinks were fairly priced and well made. We tried the shrimp quesadillas. They were amazing. Light and filling, well seasoned. Definitely made me want to order more.Server seemed a little stretched thin as we did wait awhile for some things like extra napkins, but the food and drink more than made up for it! The gumbo was really spicy- which I adore! Amazing place with a cool atmosphere! Loved it!My review would have been a 5/5 if our waitress was friendly and not rushing us to order.  Despite that, the food was amazing! It was my first time while visiting NOLA. Had the omelette with crab and shrimp. Delicious. Beautiful place inside too.We went here for brunch because there was no wait and a pretty empty restaurant as opposed to an hour wait at another place. They waitress acted very inconvenienced by us and was pretty rude. The food was overpriced and the service was not great. They catered to newer customers well when we couldn't even get water - we asked another waiter for water after 15 min of waiting and our waitress got really offended, popped her head out from behind the bar and said, "I was gonna get that for y'all." The Cajun Bloody Mary was watery and tasteless. Would not go back - I would wait an hour to get into Ruby Slipper instead.Clean and adorable place. Many choices for great food. Had the Shrimp Po Boy and a House Bloody Mary. Food cane out fast and the waitress we had was amazing. I would go back a hundred times if I were not leaving today.We read the Yelp reviews and decided to come in for Happy Hour.  We were seated immediately at the back bar with a real pleasant and helpful barmaid giving us a lot of suggestions and conversation about the menu.
My husband ordered a vodka martini $3.50 (happy hour price) and I got a nice glass of Chardonnay.  
We ordered a dozen roasted oysters and they were absolutely delicious!!!  They were roasted perfectly with a little herbed butter and sprinkled with a light cheese blend.  The oysters were so filling that I didn't need an entree.  My husband ordered the Taste of New Orleans which was three of the city's most enjoyed dishes, all Crawfish Etouffee, Chicken & Sausage Jambalaya, and Gumbo. Of course, I tasted each one and they didn't disappoint my taste buds.
We definitely will revisit this restaurant before we head back to New Jersey!Came here for a late lunch on Mardi Gras after discovering Acme was closed for a private party. Food was really good. I had the bacon jam burger with a side of hot, fresh, perfectly crisp fries. For dessert I had the bread pudding covered in a rum butter caramel sauce. Absolutely delicious. Only downsides are that all burgers come cooked medium (I think this might be a citywide thing) and they don't serve sweet tea. But food, service, and ambience were great, nonetheless. Great place to rest and refuel after the parades!Me and my brother went here for brunch and I ordered the Crab eggs Benedict  and it is so delicious. I will definitely come back here.Unfortunately our dinning experience was nothing but horrible at Coterie. First, we called to make a reservation on Monday night around 9pm. Whoever was hosting that night is probably the worst hostess we have ever encountered. She was rude for no reason. Then she said she got our reservation down, but she never took our name nor phone number so when we asked about that she replied "Ugh fine. What's your name." This automatically made us skeptical about the restaurant considering it was our first time, but the birthday girl wanted to go there so we decided to let it go. We arrive to Cotiere on Tuesday at 7:30pm for our reservation. The hostess, not the one from Monday night, informed us that she couldn't find our reservation and she wanted to seat us at the bar tables by the door on the restaurant. We obviously did not want that as we wanted an actual table. She told us the restaurant was reserved for a private event for 82 people. We were perplexed since this was not informed to us the night before. We asked to speak with the manager, but she said he was in a conference call and couldn't come. We informed her nicely we would definitely wait. During this time the hostess "finds" our reservation, which we weren't sure if it was true or not but whatever. The manager comes and only addresses the hostess. Doesn't even bother to asks us what is happening. The irony of all of this is that they turned away another reservation and tables that arrived after us because of the "private party" and the private party never showed up. We are all aware at how the service industry works as some of us are hostess, waitresses and managers at other restaurants and we were surprised that the manager never attempted communication with us, not even after we asked to see him. He only mumbled something to us about how they "cared for their reservations." He might want to communicate that to the Monday night hostess though. We read on previous reviews that there had been problems with a manager named "Chris" and if Chris is the white-haired gentleman that was managing that night, the owner of the restaurant should really consider better training for their managers for situations like this. The service and food were fine, but honestly, nothing wow to make us want to return or recommend this restaurant to anybody. Overall, the restaurant really needs to have either a change of management or better training because their communication is not the greatest.Excellent place and excellent service!!! Had a great time the bartender and the oysters are incredibleWOW, what an amazing meal!! We started with a rich warm and creamy crab   au gratin and crab cakes that was accompanied by a delicious fried green tomato! The seafood gumbo warmed me up and was on point and those delicious Beignets, where one had you going back for more! I will definitely be returning my next trip NOLA, enjoy! #FoodieVisited this place for lunch yesterday and enjoyed it. Admittedly, I only had a bowl of gumbo, but it was a delicious bowl! The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly for the most part, other than my waitress who had selective hearing. I will certainly be back to try some more dishes from this place.A cute place with really tasty food! Lots of good options, both traditional New Orleans foods like crawfish etoufee, jambalaya, etc as well as a few really tasty pasta dishes as well. It took a little long to get seated even though we had a reservation, but we were also a large party. Definitely would recommend!The gumbo was too salty, crawfish was excellent. I would stay away from the taste of new Orleans dish. I dont feel it was worth the price.John behind the bar is amazing. Entertaining and on time. Happy hour $9 for a dozen oysters. FantasticDarnell & Wes at the bar are the best! Come here for happy hour during the week for great prices on Oysters & drinks!My wife and I got a real lesson that NOLA isn't really a brunch town. "We thought" if we get to a spot around 1'ish Eggs and breakfast style food would be available. Hahhahaa we definitely were wrong. One of the guys working there said "We stopped serving breakfast at 11". So Dinner Menu it is. We started with some hurricanes that were loaded and made perfectly. The thing about this spot is their Apps selection has items that you don't normally see- so we had to try 3 different ones. Let's get into it- the Chargrilled Oysters might be the best in the city. They had the perfect combination of garlic, char, cheese (Pure deliciousness). Moving along to the Egg Rolls, really good. I recommend them, only if you aren't getting the chargrilled oysters. On the recommendation of the server we tried the Gator Blackened Bites- they were just ok to me. Definitely ranked 3 out of 3 on the apps we got. Moving on to the entrees- my wife ordered the Catfish Napoleon and that was the elite entree for the day. I ordered the Taste of NOLA and was average at best. If we made it back here, I wouldn't order it.The breakfast here is on point!! We ordered so much: Crab cakes with eggs Benedict, Seaside Skillet, Veggie Omelet, Bacon, Fruit, French Toast. Everything was delicious and I wanna eat here every visit to NOLA. Our server Michael was an excellent introduction to New Orleans as he was sooo entertaining, sassy and funny! Looking forward to my next visit!This used to be the old Huck Finn's and while the updated space is an improvement the food is just okay and nothing special. I've eaten there twice in the past 6 weeks. Once was carryout which I expected to be just okay and it was fine...nothing special but decent. The burger with the combo sausage and burger patty was the best thing that I've eaten there. The second time I ordered a mint julep that they put in a huge cup that literally tasted like sugar water with mint. I am not a fan of overly strong drinks, but this was so weak that I sent it back and got a beer. I ordered the shrimp pasta that same night. Terrible. Not hot, not fresh and small portion. Pasta was limp and had obviously been cooked way earlier in the day. I was starving so I ate it and because I had sent my drink back i didn't complain about the pasta. I won't be going here again. The staff is very nice . I can't fathom how this spot is getting 5 star reviews.....Outstanding, try the alagator blackened appetizer, catfish napoleon, and the st-germain and champagne to drink.Great breakfast for group of 4. Great service too. We had French toast, bacon, sausage, breakfast biscuit, pirogue.We picked this place to go one night and we were both highly disappointed. My friend's tacos came out with brown guacamole and dry mahi mahi, it looked like it had been sitting for awhile (it took a long time to get our food). I ordered fish which when put on the table smelled very fishy and was very dry. It tasted fishy and bland so I asked for something else. The manager brought out my new dish and proceeded to chastise me saying I should have asked for a sauce if it was bland. Bland is one thing but strong fish smell and taste is another! And it is not a fish that should smell that way! It looked like it sat under a heat lamp for awhile. Did not appreciate the extreme lack of customer service. Don't offer to get me something else if I'm going to be yelled at for it. Will not go back there. Horrible customer service.Wow just wow!!!! Let me start with restrooms super clean! Moscow Mule is the best one I've ever had in all our trips. Joe is the best server in New Orleans, he recommend the taste of New Orleans and their fabulous alligator and omg I've never had it before and it was great! The kids had shrimp with fries and I was very impressed with the many shrimp on their plate. By far our best experience in New Orleans.John (4J's) is a fantastic bartender and made the night start off on the right foot.  On Wisconsin!Came here with a group of friends while  we were visiting the city after it had been recommended to us for the chargrilled oysters. Of course we ordered them, gumbo, alligator bites and shrimp quesadillas. Everything was great. The service was amazing! Our server was honest in his suggestions. Definitely worth the visit!Very rude staff. No greeting, water arrived in like 10 minutes, did not get refill after emptying my cup, no thank you when handing me the receipt. The food is just ok, the environment is nice tbh. But I don't like rude servers. :)Worst experience ever!  If I could give this place zero stars I would.  Poor customer service, dirty utensils and glasses, filthy bathroom, missing food items and cold food when finally delivered after an 1-1/2 hours.  When I spoke to the manager about it he apparently wasn't concerned about customer service or the customer experience.  He was extremely combative.  We made a reservation for a large group and it wasn't set up when we arrived, the hostess was not welcoming and there were no place settings for part of the group.  AND they had ONE person servicing our group.  Like most people, I have eaten at a number of restaurants and I have never been in a large group situation with just one server.  They set this guy up to fail.  I went to the restroom and there was no toilet paper.  You had to use paper towels. There was water all over the floor and it was dirty.  
We waited for our food for an 1-1/2 hours.  When my plate finally arrived there was a dirty spoon sitting in the middle of my bowl of red beans and rice.  The fork they had given me was also dirty.  The glass I was given was dirty.  AND my food was cold.  
This place is a mess.  Avoid it....there are a number of places in the French Quarter with better food and service.Used to come here when it was Huck Finn, been here twice this week, and they still can't bring you a soda.  They say it's the carbonate, and the guy fixed it once already.  My question, how do they serve mix drinks at the bar, without soda.Before I start - we (party of 10) visited this restaurant during a record attendance Essence Festival weekend.  Great location, loved the ability to book a reservation digitally and table was ready to go (unlike some other locations we visited the same weekend).
Nate - our waiter, did everything he could to give excellent service.
The place looked cool too, with brick & wood accents and lots of TVs.
That said, food was meh...compared to other places we visited the same week.  There were SEVERAL items that were out that day (fried oysters, etc.).  Our cocktails were, meh.  Food temperature wasn't stellar.
I wouldn't recommend.  That said - perhaps give 'em a break, it was Essence weekend.In my never ending search for the best crawfish etoufee, I tried Coterie.  I was by myself so I ended up sitting at the bar.  Most times that is the best place to sit as you can banter with the other people at the bar and bar staff
Started with a half dozen raw oysters and they were good.  For my main I got the crawfish etoufee and it was some of the most flavorful that I have eaten in the quarter.  Nice slow burn just how I like it.  The people thT were sitting next to me had the fish and said that it was spectacular.  I have a feeling that everything on the menu is good 
Service was ok (and I was sitting at the bar).  Don't know if it was because I wasn't drinking, but I can get past it.  I was there for the food.   
Cool vibe to the place as it is very unassuming from the outside.Meg and Wes were excellent. Great service, with a smile and a great crab cake. I'll be backCrab and corn bisque was not too heavy, perfectly seasoned and arrived nice and warm. Oysters were .75 each from 3-6pm, very fresh. Beer was $3 each from 3-6 as well. Ordered the grilled chicken salad which was great, lots of dried cranberries and blue cheese, ordered the firecracker shrimp which was basically crispy shrimp but not so crispy-lil spicey, good with the salad underneath. The jambalaya was good but not great. Presentation a lil boring.  Overall service was fabulous, food was pretty good! Chris the waiter was fast and very cool!This place sucks. Once again I've got fooled by yelp reviews. Their famous cajun food was lacking flavor, not good at all. The worse part was service- our waiter kept ignoring and forgetting about two of us after constant waving and calling him. This place is a mess, no one knows what they are doing, our waiter kept bringing wrong food to wrong customers, kept forgetting things. We spent there almost 3 HOURS!!! trying to have a quick bite to eat. THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER :(The raw oysters and tacos were the only hit of the night.
We found the gumbo and Crawfish Etouffee to be extremely SALTY.
Portions are very small here.My family & I had the best experience here. We came in Friday night, and although they were busy,our waitress was very attentive. They were out of a few things we had our heart set on, but Sarah our waitress made some wonderful suggestions. The redfish with crawfish Etoufee was outstanding. I highly suggest this place, and coming from a local , that's a compliment.We had the hangover burger and the big easy breakfast. Both were really good. Service was good too.Breakfast brunch and cocktails were phenomenal!
I usually judge a Bloody Mary by it's taste and garnishes, so when mine came today I was a little bummed at first... until I took a sip. One of the best tasting bloody Mary's I have ever had! Food was authentic and tasty! We had the Southern Eggs Benedict and the Crab Cake Benedict- delicious!!! Wonderful service! Thank you!!Service was great and fast. Food was delicious. Great over all. The beignets were really really good.This place was amazing! Fantastic and quick service, beautiful space, expansive menu, and delicious food!  Not many are looking for salads in NOLA, but if you are--look no further!  Excellent blackened shrimp spinach salad! Very filling and savory.  I also watched them shuck the biggest oysters I've ever seen! The local next to me says he eats oysters here every week because they're the best.
Update: This place is so bomb, I came back every day of my work trip for lunch.We stopped in for happy hour on Wednesday which was from 4-6. Happy hour included a dozen oysters for $9, $5 hurricanes and Bloody Marys, $3.50 martinis, and $3-4 drafts. We sat up at the bar which was really nice. While it was a good deal for drinks and oysters, other items on the menu were pricey, so I would definitely recommend visiting during happy hour if possible.This was our second time here. The first was when they had just opened, and this time with a large group of friends. The food, service, and location was good. The food quality was worth the price. Would recommend the taste of New Orleans plate to get a bit of everything.Omg the BEST charbroiled oysters and gumbo I've ever eaten. Drink menu is on point too. The ambience is wonderful, the staff is great and our table got several visits from the owner. Put this place on your bucket list! Excellent. Ask for Michael and tell him I sent you!I really enjoyed this spot. I had the oyster salad with fried green tomatoes. Really tastey, and the service was great! I would come back!Came here on a whim, and it was sort of a mixed bag. The wait staff was kind of rude, but the food was outstanding. If you can get passed the service, the food is worth popping in for.
We had some raw oysters, crab and corn bisque, firecracker shrimp, cajun egg rolls, and blackened alligator bites. All were fantastic! Especially the shrimp and egg rolls. Highly recommend those!What I'm about to write will seem like a fake review, but it is 100% legit. A friend who is local to the area said she comes here for their charbroiled oysters frequently. We had eaten some "charbroiled" oysters elsewhere, but she said wait until you try Coterie. I was already impressed with some other places in French Quarter so I wasn't expecting a greater taste. Let me stop to highlight our waiter Joe who found out it was my first time getting "real charbroiled" oysters and made sure to let the chefs know. As I'm waiting for the oysters I'm looking around to see if I can get a sneak peak. When they arrive and I see Joe carefully carrying two big platters I begin to think "okay this might be different". As he sets it down I'm already drooling at the sight and smell of them. I go in for the first bite after letting them cool because the shells are almost smoking. I CAN'T DESCRIBE HOW INCREDIBLE THESE TASTED!!! Literally the best oysters and incomparable to any other. This is something you have to try if you are in the French Quarter. If not, you've wasted money elsewhere and missed out on the greatest oysters you could have ever eaten. When Joe came back to check on us, I express these sentiments as best I could. He was thrilled and his reaction matched what my mouth was feeling. I'm going to miss this place when I go back to California, but will make it back to NOLA as quick as possible for them. Thank you Joe, chefs and Coterie for and unforgettable dinning experience in NOLA!On the corner of Decatur you'll find this gem where their signature dish of course is oysters which were pretty large on size, but also a few other suprises.  In the mood just for beverages, try one of the beer flights.  If you're in the mood for meat, I definitely recommend the bacon jam burger.  
The burger is what I went with and for the appetizer I got the blackened alligator.  I would have thought a few more pieces of alligator came with it, but it was delicious especially the blackened flavor.We had the BEST experience at lunch today! Charbroiled oysters, gumbo, crab cakes, stuffed mushrooms, quesadillas, and can't forget about the drinks More importantly was our service by our incredible server, Michael!  Anyone visiting NOLA looking for great service, be sure to come see Michael... you won't be disappointedStopped by for happy hour on a whim for $5 cajun bloody mary.  Bartender Donte made awesome bloody and was very friendly.  Gave us awesome recommendations for places to eat and suggested the chargrilled oysters which put Acme Oyster House chargrilled oysters to shame.Came to this restaurant for a bachelorette party. Was seriously disappointed that we had reservations for 18 ladies (including the bride), they only provided 1 waiter! Will was really patient and did his very best... Shout out to Will! But the manager never checked in our table, mind you he checked in every table in the restaurant but ours! The bathroom was far below health and safety standards... The manager said we should have approached him about  the service! ARE YOU FREAKIN SERIOUS!?? Don't eat here, the food was cold, not seasoned well on most dishes... disappointing for the beautiful city of New Orleans!!!Really great service, food was ready very quickly. The prices were very reasonable, and the food was absolutely delicious. I split a Shrimp Po-Boy with my mom, and my dad got an Oyster Po-Boy, which I tried and they were both delicious. For dessert everyone got bread pudding, which was amazing. It tasted very fresh and it was served with warm bourbon sauce. I highly recommend this restaurant.I came upon this place while waiting for a room at the hotel next door. They didn't have a problem with me setting up my laptop at the bar to work for an hour (during non-peak hour). Great chill vibe from everyone I came across in the 3 days I went there. Special thanks to Sierra and Darnell for drinks, great charbroiled oysters and the dozenS of raw oysters that came along with their pleasant/friendly demeanor towards an L.A. native. Visit and be good to them. See them next time I swing through town. :)Nice ambience.  Convenient location.  Friendly servors and fast service.  Food was good but nothing particularly memorable.  Average prices.I went to New Orleans for my bachelorette party and we immediately started our weekend here. After I had read about their Cajun cuisine and great happy hour deals I was sold. so Friday afternoon the four of us head over and are met by John (the bartender who is literally god sent for putting up with us after the 3 rounds of hurricanes he served us)  and in all honesty the best bartender I have come in contact with probably ever! Anyway the boudin balls and 25 cent oysters (on happy hour) were to die for! After we ate he sent us on our way with some to go hurricanes and the rest of the weekend was a bit of  blur. But Sunday night I knew we had to come back and say hello and to apologize for our Friday night antics and to be completely honest, eat their beignets...  which were exceptional. we also met Kelly, the one that looks like Kate Hudson haha she was also an amazing bar tender (and johns girlfriend, lucky guy!) but all in all a great and clean establishment and pretty much the only place that really stuck out to me and we ate at a lot of restaurants so that means something. Keep up the great work.I ate here because I had just flown in to town and couldn't get in anywhere else. There is a reason there were plenty of seats at Coterie. The food was blah. (rubbery blackened alligator and seafood gumbo that was soooooooo salty I could hardly eat it). Service was a mess despite the bartender trying to be friendly. 
Do yourself a favor and skip dinner if this is your only option for getting a seat.Food here is awesome, and this restaurant is new and you don't need to wait to get served. Reasonable price with great service! Give it a thumb!On our way out of NOLA we decided to stop at Coterie to try the Poboys and I'm glad we did ! 
We tried the Boudon Balls and the Cajun Eggrolls as appatizers and hey were amazing! The sauces and the flavors were on point! I highly recommend both! 
For my meal I had the shrimp poboy and the shrimp was fried and delicious. My only knock was on the amount of shrimp. It's a simple sandwich to begin with. Light lettuce and light mayo but when there's light shrimp I get concerned. 
Overall I'd definitely come back!The BEST oyster shucker in the city! These are the freshest, cleanest, and COLDEST oysters! Mr. Lowe is your man! 
Breakfast is amazing! Order the Beaucoup Breakfast. There is PLENTY of food to be shared by two! If your lucky enough, ask for Vincent. He ROCKS!
This is a favorite of ours (we're local)! Friendly staff who actually seem to love their jobs and superb food! The GM, Jack,  is an engaging man (also a chef!) who runs a a wonderful dining experience! Kudos to the owners! Check it out!Discovered this place on yelp because it had decent reviews. Items looked good in pictures. Figured it was old school New Orleans southern raw establishment...Prices seemed fair .... was not my experience... Ordered a large seafood gumbo ... came in shallow bowl / plate ... very small portion ... tastes like leftovers from day before. My friends ordered New Orleans sampler plate and were satisfied. I would not recommend this place for New Orleans culinary experience... maybe I just came on off day ... go to Mother's restaurant around corner and get Soft shell po boy !I tried blackened alligator and seafood soup. Both TOO SALTY. The alligator came with source I just dip a corner, then almost drink half glass of water. Environment/atmosphere/service are 4stars, but food, sorry 3stars are maximum.If you want New Orleans food that is geared for tourists, this is your place. I got the taste of New Orleans which is a trio of jambalaya, gumbo, and crawfish etouffee. The jambalaya had been clearly sitting in a heating tray for a very long time because the rice was extremely soft and gummy. The flavor was ok but the texture was gross. The gumbo had a very muddled flavor that almost tasted like Blended beans that had been watered down. The crawfish etouffee was very fishy tasting. The rice that was in the gumbo and the etouffee was cold, not room temperature, cold. These three entrees are Staples of New Orleans style cooking  you would think that they would have them more dialed in.  It was not exceptionally crowded at the time  so that is not a valid  excuse. If the prices weren't so high the meal would have been acceptable, but since my Trio cost $18 I would expect a higher caliber of food.Watery drinks. Old food. Must try harder. Nice decor. Very disappointed as I thought it would be good. Left food and waitress did. It even ask about it.Wow!!! By far my favorite Bloody Mary ever!! The food was on point. Good Deep South NOLA staff that I love. Newly renovated bathrooms that are very sanitary. Definitely my go to spot !When I first walked I had the best welcome ever! Everyone from the hostess to the oyster shuckers and the bartender was just so welcoming and friendly. It was really as though you were invited to their home. I just wandered in here looking for oyster and champagne cocktails at 11:00 am and I was not disappointed! I had a dozen raw and a dozen chargrilled and both were amazing. The oyster quality is top notch, they look fresh and tasted divine! Trust me I eat both raw and chargrilled oysters about once a week.  I had two st Germaine 75's and they were nice and bubbly and one mimosas that was strong. I will be returning to do their happy hour, and probably going to be a regular. Everyone is friendly, the place looks nice and the food is great, it's a winner.Love this place! They have the best hurricanes and oyster happy hour. Bar tenders are very friendly AND the bar has outlets, which I found extremely helpful when my phone was dead. I was in New Orleans for a week and this was my favorite place by far.Enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Very friendly waitress.  Alligator tail appetizer was awesome.This place was awesome and the crab cakes were 100% ! I was late meeting my friends, but Kelley came out and took my order and got it out quick so it wasn't too awkward for my group! The food was amazing, I tried everyone's! Literallllllllly, do yourself a favor and stop by for a strong hurricane and a crab cake!The BEST chargrilled oysters ever! OMG! And the beignets are perfectly  the negates are oerf Kelley the waitress was GREAT! And Jack the manager was super nice!Great atmosphere, great food. I recommend the grilled mahi-mahi and fried pickles! I'm not able to give it 5 stars because of the alarming inefficiency of the entryway/host area. We had made reservations for 7 pm and arrived just barely on time. The doorway was crowded with people, who resolved themselves into an enormous group of students and a family. The host, who was uncommunicative and somewhat abrupt, seated people as they came without even asking whether they had reservations. I distinctly heard him ask the party ahead of us a question and answer the ringing phone IMMEDIATELY afterward, not even waiting for their response! I got the impression that they were somewhat understaffed for a Sunday evening, but this is the service industry! People are going to eat, drink, and tip more when they're greeted with Southern charm and politeness. I look forward to trying more items from the menu sometime when it's not overrun -- but I don't think I'll bother making a reservation.Had breakfast here an ordered Beaucoup Breakfast which was fantastic. The pancakes were awesome and bacon perfectly crispy. My server  Sarah was friendly and will come back often.We got seated right away at Coterie for breakfast on Sunday morning. Server was great. Orders included French toast, Pirogue, bacon-egg-cheese biscuit, with ample Bloody Mary's. Coterie was a good find and we will add it to our breakfast places for our next visit to NOLA.The grilled oysters are UNREAL here! In my humble opinion ACME was good but- this was even better. The sauce on these oysters ... divine. And we had two shrimp dishes that were excellent. Can't recommend this enough for the grilled oysters. I will be dreaming of these things long after we go home.umbled across this place on accident was looking for huck finns, which I guess was the previous restuarant at this location. Food was great. Service was great. I was highly impressed, as a vegetarian, there isn't much on the menu... as usual when we eat out, I normally just order an entree without meat. The mgr who is also a chef approached me and said he would create an entree for me, so I did not have to settle or sacrifice, he asked what i did eat and proposed a few options he could create. That was amazing customer service, going above and beyond. Jack you listening?I stopped in for dinner, flying solo, so I sat at the bar.  John was tending, took my order as soon as I  sat down,.  The fish gumbo was awesome, with fresh fish and a nice Cajun punch.  I ordered the chicken salad, but substituted blackened red fish.  Incredible, fresh flavor and ample portion. Finished with a hot beignet, perfect. Great meal, friendly and casual atmosphere.  No strangers at the bar.Loud
Place feels like a high end pub
Food is ok
If you are not a smoker, constantly there are smokers who goes outside thru swinging doors that do not shut well. Some the doors do not shut well, The scent of cig smoke permeate thru the restaurant
Service is pretty good and serve with a smileThis was the best breakfast I had while in NOLA. I ordered the Bayou Lafitte skillet and it was absolutely delicious.A sampling of New Orleans Cuisine!
Coterie Restaurant & Oyster Bar is the perfect place for those new to New Orleans looking to try the famous foods of the area.  From creole to Cajun, you'll be hard pressed not to find the delicatessens that Louisiana is famous for.
From the seafood, I tried the fried catfish, which was wonderfully crispy without masking the natural flavors of the fish.  I also took the sampler plate, which featured gumbo, jambalaya, and other Cajun specialties. And no meal could be complete without some blackened gator tail, which was my favorite dish, capturing the uniqueness of the uncommon meat.  If you've never sampled gator, then do yourself a favor and try it here.
Service was fast and overly friendly and the atmosphere is filled with the warm smells and sounds of good cooking.  
Coterie is the best place to start your vacation in New Orleans.The food was tasty & would have been great if the crab cake wasn't cold and the crab & corn bisque wasn't tepid. BloodyMary was great. Service sucked--extremely slow...no napkins until replacement order of crab cakes was delivered. On balance, a C+.It was our first time in NOLA and we just stumbled in this place as it was around the corner from the Marriott hotel. The atmosphere is relaxed, as most places are in NOLA, but warm and inviting. We just stopped in for a quick lunch and the BLT (on the breakfast menu but still available for lunch) was the best I've ever had! The fried green tomato put it over the top! Yum! It turned out to be one of our favorite places we are in our trip and went back again for lunch before we left. I would definitely recommend it. The visitors centers have coupons for 10% off too.Entrees came lukewarm but they had good flavor. Service was disappointing, had to attempt to flag down the server every time even though it wasn't very busy. Not a bad experience but was expecting more.I'm not much of a breakfast person, which is the reason this restaurant was pretty much a great place for me. 
They offer many options for breakfast, brunch and dinner. I do recommend trying the savory breakfast option, " The Seaside." It sits well on your stomach, and it's a great meal for a hefty hangover. Also, in my meat eating days, the Cajun egg-rolls were a no brainer. My Gosh!! If heaven was that egg-roll, we would all die happy. 
My only quarry with Coterie is it's vegetarian options. Just because the base of you food is vegetable, doesn't mean it's vegetarian or vegan friendly. Especially, with its served in a pool of butter. I would not recommend the veggie wrap to the most evil of characters, "Hey Dolores Umbridge!!" 
Overall, I had a pretty nice time, trying out this comfy place.Do not miss this place! Seriously great food! Chargrilled oysters a must! We were really wanting something a bit healthier! The salads are great! We had a dozen of the oysters and I had a mixed green salad and my husband had the Caesar with grilled chicken. All was excellent! Our server, Kelly, was excellent as well! Coming back for breakfast!The ambiance is fabulous. Staff is friendly and on their game making customers fabulous food with great service . We had both raw oysters (ice cold ) and grilled oysters- outstanding. We came here 2 times in one dayhighly recommendSpicy New Orleans goodness..gumbo, alligator,  crawfish etouffee.. everything was delish.We waited over 10 minutes for a waiter to even approach our table and bring water. Also, my fork was dirty. We ordered our appetizer and food and waited a while for the appetizer to come out. During this time the waiter was very attentive to the party of eight seated next to us. Clearly she was after the tip from them, as she was completely ignoring us. When we asked about our appetizer, she had forgotten that we ordered one. At this point, we walked out.I wish there was a way to rate our service, management and food separately. Our waiter was fantastic. He went out of his way to check on our food and drink orders which were taking much longer than they should have. It was clear that he had all of the large groups in the restaurant and was spread too thin. We did not see a manager all night and it was prime time for dinner on a Saturday night. I have worked in Food service and it would have gone a long way to have a manager on the floor to provide some assistance with their busy night. The food was good but not hot.Pretty good seafood restaurant near French Quarter. Crab dip was very cheesy and didn't have too much flavor and the cocktails were flavored well but not strong enough. We did enjoy the crab cake pasta a lot though, the crab cake on it was really well made ! 
Overall a good spot for a casual dinner with pretty good seafood and prompt service.Went to this restaurant with a friend on our first night in NOLA. Conveniently located in the French quarter. We were seated promptly but did not immediately receive service. The kind hostess noted this and asked a bartender to serve us. Our bartender was AMAZING and juggling probably about 10 different things at once. We were promptly served our drinks and were able to order quickly. My friend had the pasta with Alfredo sauce while I had the jambalaya, gumbo and crawfish etoufee combo. Both dishes were okay. We then decided to order dessert- beignets and bread pudding. The beignets were quite good but the bread pudding was TO DIE FOR. The maple bourbon sauce they drench the bread in is nothing short of amazing. I would come back to this restaurant the next time I'm in town just to order the bread pudding.We were seated upon arrival, but it took about 15 minutes before a waiter even greeted us. Mind you, the restaurant was nearly empty, and the waitstaff continued to serve other tables without realizing we were waiting. Eventually, one of the bus boys took pity on us and got us some waters. 
When we finally got our waiter, he wasn't very talkative or responsive. Just there, doing his job and going through the motions.
I got the Taste of New Orleans (pictured). I couldn't tell which thing was which, but the red one was the most delicious out of the three. However, for the portions, $18 is a little high priced. The scoop of rice (could be jambalaya??) was cold on the outside but hot on the inside. The other two in the small bowls were nicely warmed. 
We also got a dozen raw oysters, and they were okay. Got a slurp of some rocks, which made the rest of the oysters unappetizing.
Overall, this visit was just okay. Could have been better if our waiter was more attentive.Service was horrible. Waiter stood at table behind us chatting up 3 attractive young ladies and ignored us. We called the hostess over in an attempt to get help, that didn't work either. When we finally got our food, and after I took setups from another table, we discovered the food did not make up for the horrible service. It was mediocre at best. Bottom line... not worth a second chance.Restaurant staff didn't acknowledge me. Sat at the bar for a little over five minutes, no less than four employees in the main bar well, and never made eye contact with me. 
That said, the place was clean, and the food smelled okay. I'll probably give them another try if the stars line up just right....Stumbled upon this restaurant as I wanted to try some Gumbo, which was very good. The bead pudding was amazing!!!Delicious!  Great service and food. Restaurant decor is clean and hip. Great choice amongst dirty alternatives nearby.LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! The entire menu is absolutely wonderful!! But the best thing is the Chargrilled Oysters!! These are the BEST in New Orleans!! I've eaten chargrilled Oysters at Felix, Acme, and Oceana and this is by far THE BEST!! The General Manager Jack Petronella is amazing and very personable to everyone that comes in! Absolutely LOVE this place!!Michael made our dinner a night to remember. The food was wonderful and our conversation with him memorable. Thank you for everything!This was our favorite of all the places we ate in NOLA. Good food & great cocktails. We tried the Old Fashion, Prim's Cup, Grasshopper & Vodka Martini. All expertly blended and very good. Location is a little hard to find, but worth the search.Ok.. here we go. This place was a disgrace to anyone in the restaurant industry. First off, we walk in and are notified by the hostess that they are closed as they have ran out of certain food items. We inform her we are only there for drinks and she happily tells us to sit at the bar. From there, we wait a good while for our bartender to make her way back to the bar. She serves us a beer although doesn't seem too happy we are there. We watch another couple walk in with a reservation and they are turned away. They didn't call their reservations to inform them they are closed?! Laughable and also unfortunate for the couple. Next up, is the couple beside us who order a dessert and the bartender brings it out in a to go box because "the cooks go crazy when it's close to closing time." Mind you, I am writing this review 20 minutes before closing time. Anyway, I hope this is a once off for the restaurant but everything sucked besides the happy hostess.I have been to Nola several times and just found this place.  I was so happy to get my dozen raw oysters for half off!!Visiting NoLA with the wife foe Mardi Gras. Sorry, but food is not good at all. Presentation is amazing, staff is very friendly and welcoming, but food lacked flavor. I wish we didn't waste the 60.00 spent for breakfast (we had mimosas though). 
Our best part of the experience was our waitor, James I believe his name was. He was amazing, new the menu well, and was very attentive. Love him but I doubt we would return.Love the raw oysters and the chargrilled oysters were so good! Planning on going back this week. Excellent service. Sat at the bar and both the bartender and the oyster person were very personable and helpful. Interesting to note that the oyster person and the bartender share the tips so pls tip each person accordingly :)I think Coterie deserves a solid 3.5 stars - but I'm giving it a 3* because I find the overall 4* review misleading.
We were looking for a sit down restaurant not far from Canal for a late lunch.  They have plenty of space and tables that can be rearranged so seating in theory should not be a problem.  Unfortunately while we were there there was a private event in the back room, and they had set some longer tables up (which I'll get to in a minute) and then couldn't figure out how to sit a family of six (who were clearly very hot and thirsty) even though there were several combinations that would accommodate them.  It turns out the longer table set up was for a tour group that came in - so you may want to be wary of that.  
As stated it was very hot out, and the A/C in the restaurant doesn't keep much cool - unless you hit the ladies room, and then you will be treated to meat-locker-esque cold and have a sweet reprieve for the time you are in there. 
The "extra napkins" sandwhich was large, on delicious bread but overly salty and came without any extra napkins (which are warranted!)  And as another reviewer stated, overpriced.  
It's overall just fine for a clean, non-authentic, semi-civilized respite from crowds and heat but "just fine" is about all I can say for it.This place is awesome! Came on a Sunday morning had the crab cake and eggs it was delicious and reasonably priced! Joseph was our server and he was so pleasant! Great food, great location, great atmosphere!We stopped in here after seeing it listed on the Coolinary New Orleans menu.  We had the Coolinary menu where we picked the Broiled Oysters, Cajun Eggrolls, New Orleans Sampler, Shrimp Alfredo, beignets, and bread pudding.  Highly recommend the Cajun Eggrolls.  They sound like an odd concoction but they were SO GOOD.  Pasta is to die for and the caramel sauce on the bread pudding is the best I've ever had.amazing char boiled oysters. if I had not had their oysters, all the others would auve been good. because of thisbplace... everyone else was subpar.
 the waitress staff is great; friendly, informative and helpful. very attentive to customers and every penny spent was on good  items. 
years, it is a little pricier..but really it's just a little oricier then the other places that offer the same food, so it makes sense to just spend the extra (for us..litterly $20 for 3 people)..to eat here. and then was including 2 orders of oysters. 
the restaurant was also very clean.Quite possibly my new favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I've been here three times now (in the last month). Overall, everything has been good. Highlights have included the Breaux Bridge Boudin Eggs Benedict (topped with boudin and crawfish etouffee) and the Bread Pudding (by far better than what we had at Brennan's the previous night).I had high hopes for this place. I booked a reservation early in the morning through Yelp for an 8pm dinner time for 9 people. We arrived on time only to be told that they didn't have a reservation list and that Yelp sets reservations without their consent. I made a fuss and they ended up putting us ahead of all of the walk-ins, but we still had to wait 30 minutes for a table. I hoped that the rest of the night would make up for this mishap, but no. They were out of shot glasses and said they didn't have any for the oyster shot so it stuck to the bottom of the short glass. They were out of the au gratin potato appetizer, out of ice cream and and unable to make beignets as their fryer was off. The chargrilled oysters were really good and the waitress was nice (the reason for my 2 star rating instead of just 1 Star). My opinion is that the shrimp and grits were bland and the gumbo was average. The bread pudding had a great flavor but was served a little under room temperature. This place has potential, but they need to get it together!Best meal we had in New Orleans for the week that we've been here. We had oysters for an appetizer that were outstanding. We had the shrimp and grits along with the Taste of New Orleans for our
 entrees. The shrimp and grits were just incredible. Could eat here weekly if we lived on NO. 
Our waitress was extraordinarily helpful, fun, and enjoyable. 
Can't recommend this place enough, we loved it!Had veggie wrap, which was nice but closer to 'okay' than to 'great' on the scale. Fries that came with it were best in town, especially with mayonnaise. Very affordable and nice staff.Lunch here was good. Place is very clean and so were the restrooms. Waiter was good and gave us a small discount. Food is very delicious. I recommend the egg rolls and the crab cake!Great find. On a corner Awesome bartender Darnel the Mother Shucker!" Fresh oysters are very good.Just went here and the bartender told us that the chef doesn't feel like shucking the oysters so they aren't serving them today. Then the bartender proceeded to tell us how delicious the oysters are but they still aren't serving them because they don't feel like shucking them.Classy place but not linen table cloth fancy which was perfect for lunch. Raw oysters were big and fresh and the red beans and rice were the best I had on the trip perfectly seasoned. Wife enjoyed the crab cake pastaMichael R. Is the best server EVER!  He was so intuitive and catered to our every need!  The food was AMAZING!!!!  We highly recommend either the blackened redfish or shrimp Po'Boy!  I've been to New Orleans 100 times (all for work) and Michael R. And the food are the best in New Orleans, hands down.Found this restaurant while on vacation. The reviews on yelp were good so we decided to check it out.  The restaurant was very nice and the food and service we both very good.  It was nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of bourbon street. Our food came out promptly and the red fish was delicious!I do not think there can be a restaurant with a worse manager than this one. We had a reservation for 11am, it's 11:30 now, half the restaurant is empty and it took the manager half an hour to get us to our table. He is unfriendly, incapable, does not know that on Sundays brunch is served after 11am. If this was my restaurant, I would get him fired and recommend to choose another career where he does not have to work with people.My brother and I started a 4 day oyster tour of the gulf coast right here. We drove from NOLA to Apalachicola. Hard to say we had any better oysters than right here. And many not as good though we enjoyed all 
We had a dozen chargrilled.  $20.  Wow, they were great. Served by John Johnson who said his parents were short on imagination. 
Raw are .75 at happy hour.If i were an owner of this restaurant I would change the name to Meh. The ambience is meh. The food is meh. There's nothing that was either outstanding, good, or bad about it. Nothing that could help it stand out or at least be a good restaurant. Everything was meh. Food was bland and tasteless which is a feat in itself since you guys are in the heart of NEW ORLEANS! How can you have such a meh food? I tasted your mahi mahi tacos and not only fish was dry, the taco tasted like cardboard. I tried your grilled mahi mahi and again - no taste and weird texture which tells me fish was frozen and refrozen several times. Tried balckened fish and even that thing was under seasoned. Good grief. Had to have a dinner somewhere else after visiting this meh restaurant.We had a dozen of half shell oysters and another dozen of charcoal grilled oysters. It was fantastic. The shrimp pasta is recommended. I love the pork and rice balls the most.The BEST oyster shucker in the city! These are the freshest, cleanest, and COLDEST oysters! Mr. Lowe is your man! 
Breakfast is amazing! Order the Beaucoup Breakfast. There is PLENTY of food to be shared by two! If your lucky enough, ask for Vincent. He ROCKS!
This is a favorite of ours (we're local)! Friendly staff who actually seem to love their jobs and superb food! The GM, and Jack, who is an engaging man (also a chef!), runs a a wonderful dining experience! Kudos to the owners! Check it out!Food was decent but the women that work there have terrible attitudes! I will NEVER eat here again.Great interior and great menu.  The breaded fried pickles were a must have treat along with the lump crab cakes. What a surprise.  We we stopped and were delighted with the service, the menu, and the ambienceFood was pretty good. But service was horrible (unless you were a middle aged couple) they barely paid attention to us. The manager came up to the two couples next to us and asked them how their food was, personally brought out one of their orders, and one of the couples actually ate, got their check, and left before the server even acknowledged us for our check although we'd been sitting there done for 10 minutes. Apparently they don't expect people in their early 30s to be professionals that actually have money and tip.Nothing was bad, everything was perfectly adaquit, but that's just the problem. The waiter was just attentive enough to not be bad. All the food was decent even tasty, but nothing special. We left saying ok, that was ok but we won't go back. There are much better options for better prices around.I found Coterie on Yelp! and I was very pleased with it.
Catfish Napoleon was amazing and I highly recommend it. Everything was great except that our dozen raw oysters took forever to come out.  Luckily, we weren't in a hurry and this gave us plenty of time to people watch as well as watching Darth Vadar do interpretive dance across the street.
Coterie isn't pretentious and has high-quality food coming out of the kitchen. Get off Bourbon Street and head down to Decatur Street and Coterie.Horrible service , food was not great, skillet was just full of potatoes and missing all the seafoodWe stopped in here for dinner not knowing anything about the place. The menu on the door looked good. We walked in and it looked like they were under construction, but they were just updating their bar area. 
The overall decor was nice. The bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated
The menu looked good. I had the grilled oysters which were delicious. Then I had the shrimp and grits. The shrimp were a little small but the dish overall was good. 
My friend had the fried pickles and then shrimp etoufee which was also good. 
The service was fast and friendly. If I am ever in New Orleans again, I will definitely visit again.Wanted to show my 5, 10, and 13 year old some delicious food that N.O. is known for. Their Shrimp Pasta was so good. Their specialty, Taste of N.O. Was good too but my of course my kids liked the Beignets the best.We went for Dinner. The service was very Slow. The food was pretty good. Waited forever for drinks. They forgot sides we ordered. The Floor Manager semi baled the waitress out. It was just super slow with decent food. Don't be in a hurry!!We stayed next door at La Galerie hotel during our trip, so we visited this spot a lot. The restaurant is great for enjoying a dinner in a less crowded space, enjoying raw oysters during their happy hour, or just grabbing a Hurricane as you walk through the Quarter.
AMBIANCE is modern, with a borderline upscale feel. Don't let the marble be intimidating- the dress ranged from t-shirts and flip flops to button-down shirts. I enjoyed how large and widespread the restaurant is, especially after eating at many crowded and smaller spaces in the city. There's two bars, and plenty of seating for guests.
ORDERED shrimp quesadillas ($12), bacon jam burger ($14), a dozen raw oysters (happy hour: $9, regular: $15.5) and plenty of Hurricanes ($10).
FOOD was tasty overall. The shrimp quesadillas were fantastic, the oysters were a great overall deal, and the Hurricanes deliciously sweet. The burger was not my favorite; perhaps it was the jam that left me wanting more. 
OVERALL Coterie gets a friendly four stars. The service was great, the people cheerful, and a great stop to come or go from our hotel.Really good food. I had the crab cake pasta and it was to die for. Service was really good and the staff was super friendly. Will definitely be back!Great location and friendly staff. Chargrilled oysters were good but not the best. Unfortunately, food was not memorable.Unfortunately the experience at this restaurant was below par. I ordered a rib eye and honestly you could order a better piece of meat at Applebee's . The bartender brought the meal out at the same time as the appetizer which is deff a no no , appetizer means a small course or dish to stimulate ones appetite before the main meal not at the same time my rib eye and soup come out. I'll give this place another chance in a month when the staff changes. 1 Star for the cool glowing bar top.This place is fabulous.  Everything we ordered was delish!!! Highly recommend this place!!!! The bloody Mary's are amazing!!Yumm.   Sampler plates.   Loved em all. Though gumbo little too spicy for me.   Loved ettoufe  jambalaya  catfish oysters and shrimp.  Killer drinks.   Like salesclerk and that everclear drinkWe stopped in for a snack of chargrilled oysters and cocktails in the early afternoon. Oysters were slightly different than other places we've had them. Slightly spicier but still loaded up on butter, garlic, and Parmesan. Best oysters we've ever had. Cocktails were delish but small for the price. Especially when I could go other places nearby and get twice or thrice the volume for the same priceBar staff needs to be upgraded, especially ones from today (4/2) around 12:30pm - the guy is a cocky ass and the gal seriously needs help. Oyster guy is keeper - oysters cold and plump.We stopped in for lunch first day in town for a conference. Service was slower than we are used to but about average for New Orleans but staff was friendly and seafood quite good.Sat at the bar for dinner. The bartender was friendly and attentive. I ordered the eggrolls, they were pretty good. I also ordered  the salad with blackened shrimp. The shrimp were pretty salty though they were well cooked.  It was located close to my hotel so it was convenient and it was reasonably priced.Food was good. No wait, which was nice. 
The staff was amazing. Everyone was very attentive and kind, even thought they weren't our server. 
The taste of New Orleans was a good sampler. My SO enjoyed it. He finished it all. 
It was the first place we've gone in NOLA with kids menu, so that was a huge benefit and appreciated. 
The gator appetizer was probably my favorite, although the Cajun egg rolls were good too. I didn't love the gumbo, but I've only ever had one gumbo I did like. I just keep trying it to taste it. 
Overall we were very pleased. Good all around experience -- food, service, etc.Some colleagues and I were in New Orleans for a conference last week and we were looking for a place for a group of us to eat on our last night. Someone suggested Coterie and it was the perfect place! 
There were eight of us and they gave us a great table where we could all see each other and share our delicious food. Between us, we tried many of the dishes. Some favorites were the fried pickles, the taste of New Orleans, the cocktails, and the beignets. The best part was the service. We were there for a long time and ordered a lot of food and drinks, and after a week of sitting in workshops, we were high energy. Our wait staff was incredibly patient and kind, even when it took us forever to split the bill.  
I had such a good experience, that the next morning before leaving for the airport, I walked over to Coterie for a cup of coffee. It was delicious.The bartender made the best White Russians I've ever had. We were in town for Mardi Gras and Cafe Du Monde had a line up the street. We had a psychic reading done and couldn't wait so after we were walking and stumbled across this place and let me just say their Beignets are just as good. I definitely would like to come back. Very nice place and the service is great!The chargrilled oysters were great. So were the crab cakes! The bartenders were very attentive and very informative. Had a great time eating while chatting with the bartenders. I highly recommend this restaurant!The alligator appetizer was good, light and flaky with a good taste and good meat content.   Unfortunately there signature burger with the bacon and  onion paste was not as good,  was greasy and hard to stay together, also the flavors imparted were not complimentary.  Service was good and the place has good atmosphere, they just need a better signature dish.Been eating here for years and always good! Went in tonight and the appetizers were good, salad was good but gumbo taste like the rue had been burnt. Told waiter who relayed to chef who agreed but didn't offer to replace or refund. Don't mind paying for good food but this fell short!Been here a a few times for the Happy Hour Oyster Special ($3 for a dozen raw) and, it's always been a pleasant experience (Kelley and Wes are awesome) HOWEVER, this time was different. Sat at the bar as usual  and initially was greeted by the hostess who then sat me at the horseshoe bar and then, I was greeted by the bartender John. I asked him what the drinks specials were and he took my initial order for one dozen raw and ... that was it. 
Not once did he ask me how I was doing, did I want a drink since I did ask and received a drink menu from him, he didn't ask if I want anything from the menu or if I wanted to see the food menu, didn't ask how my oysters were, didn't ask if I needed napkins, if I wanted a refill of my water (oh wait he did ask AFTER I closed my tab), he didn't clear my empty oyster tray ... just nothing. He complexly ignored me the entire time I sat at the bar. Of course, he was fully engaged with all of the other customers (except for the couple next to me- they were also ignored). The oyster shucker (Wes) was very nice as usual and had to relay all of my requests to John. 
Not sure what was John's deal but, I will not be returning if this is the kind of customer service this establishment is providing ... John's service was piss poor.If you're thinking about going to this establishment, simply don't. The food was okay but the service, or lack there of, was awful. There are plenty of great restaurants nearby with better food and service. The disappointment in my experience started from when we first arrived. We made reservations in advance, checked in and still had to wait over 30 minutes to be seated. People who had just walked in the door were being seated promptly, as we we're left waiting. We had to remind the hostess that we had reservations and then she finally sat us. We were forgotten about, which was annoying but we were tired of waiting and hungry so we went along with our reservation. We all ordered. Our poor frazzled waiter who had too many people in his section messed up our order in more than one way. I ordered french toast, which never came out and another one of our orders was forgotten and brought out late. The forgotten order came out but the French toast did not. Instead, on the receipt was "french fries" which we did not order and also was never delivered. I ordered crab cake Benedict and requested the hollandaise on the side. The waiter told me he wasn't sure if they could do that? When i revieved my food, my order was not how I simply requested it (not surprised). We finished our meal and asked for the receipt. When we finally got it, it was not split. We explained to the waiter how to split it. 45 minutes later he returned to our table which the same ticket, which was not split. After speaking with the manager he did nothing about the situation. Did not offer to help the poor server who was obviously struggling. Instead, he left his patrons to wait for 45 MINUTES and still not be taken care ofCame here for breakfast and had the Louisiana omelette. Can I just say heaven! It was delicious. My fianc had the crab cakes and fried green tomatoe and said it too was good.Found this place via Yelp the morning after a long night at Bourbon Street. I had a sip of my friends Irish Coffee as soon as I sat down and man that thing was strong! I got their Eggs Benedict Breaux Bridge  Boudin Topped with Crawfish Etouffee and it was really good. Really heavy and spiced up just what I needed to recover! Service was really good and friendly too.We found Coterie by accident and we are so glad we did!  What a treat!  Fantastic food and great service.  Hope to make it back soon!Great place for breakfast.  Omelets and crawfish dishes are awesome!  Service was good too.The service was excellent, the food is amazing! I definitely recommend this place when you are in New Orleans.Solid oysters. Went for raw and grilled. Great bartender. Beautiful facility! I'd recommend happy hour.Darrell is THEE ABSOLUTE BEST! He effortlessly engages with everybody at the bar, kept the drinks and the oysters coming. Even gave some weird yet kinda cool Canadian dude in a bowler hat (IDK why the hat is important to this review but it is dammit) a breakdown on how Oysters makes pearls. 
Anyhoooo.... I asked for my Chargrilled Oysters to be cooked well and they came out PERFECT! 
Coterie is a MUST visit!!Stopped in after another local place was closed due to "doing inventory." Nonetheless, place was quieter then expected for a morning which included a nice dose of warmth and sunshine. Promptly seated and waited on by Edward. Nice guy. Social, prompt, courteous. I had the Crawfish tails, scrambled eggs, mixed cheese, onions, peppers, and potatoes.  topped with housemade crawfish touffe. A killer breakfast. Everything was cooked perfectly and the crawfish touffe was KILLER! A hearty memorable breakfast.OMG!!! Absolutely the most amazing place to eat while in New Orleans!!! They have the best boudin balls, oysters, and homemade Bloody Mary's around!!! The manager Jack is so amazingly nice and informative on the sights and culture of the city. Michonne is the best bar tender in town!!! Great conversation and lots of laughs!!! We will greatly miss our time spent together. Hands down by far this was the best place in the city!!! My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed the Coterie that we found our selves there every evening!!! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu and the service is unbeatable!!! Created memories for a lifetime!!! Thank youWell being a NYC girl myself I was so impressed by one of our very first stops for our ladies bachelorette trip two of us are getting married so we decided on a trip to NOLA ! Listen up we came in on a Thursday morning to start off our wild women's weekend and we were definitely not disappointed. It's always nice to run in to a New Yorker and we were so glad to have met Alice, she started us off by suggesting the Cajun Bloody Mary and boy let me tell you they are heads and tails above Our go to brunch beverage here at home they use vodka from a local distillery and marinate olives, peppers, and onions in it for two weeks can you say yum . After we wet our whistles with this spicy little mama We were ready for a small appetizer and being adventurous we went with another suggestion of our lovely bartender and we got the chargrilled oysters whooooo I swear they were some of the very best oysters I've had and that says a lot for a girl who goes to Provincetown every summer . Now one very important thing for myself as a former bartender is the company and Alice honestly kept us on our toes she was funny , engaging , and very helpful and informative, She let us know where to go and when and sent us to Preservation Hall and the French Market . (Reviews coming soon). All in all NOLA treated us well but thanks to people like Alice the trip was that much more special and we will definitely be back for round two next year ! Thanks for the good times and keep up the good work !!!