Five stars, always.  I am a tough brunch critic and this is one of the only places I can depend on.  The line always moves fast- you never have to park more than a block and a half away- so ignore the reviews complaining about that.  So long as you're not trying to come in with five people at 11 you can get in in 20 min or less.  Priced so that you can either get a sweet or savoury dish and then get a little side of the other, so you don't have to choose between!  The grits are the star though, and Deb is the best.  Love Coulis.I have new found respect for hollandaise and Eggs Benedict as a dish. I had the variation with pulled pork on a biscuit and it was heavenly. The coffee was good and my cup kept filling up every few minutes. The place and the waitstaff were courteous and friendly (such is the charm of NOLA) but really the food was fantastic and the menu had a lot of options.I love breakfast food and am constantly on the lookout for the ideal breakfast experience.  Since moving to New Orleans last year I have been pleased to see so many local breakfast and brunch places scattered around the city, so I figure my chances are high that I'll find the perfect spot.  Alas, Coulis is not it.
THE GOOD
Eggs Benedict:  There were definitely some misses here, but this dish was not one of them.  The pulled pork debris was a tad dry, but it didn't have to be moist when you could mix it in with the egg yolk, which was perfectly poached.  Hollandaise sauce was also spot-on.  Only one complaint: while I love the idea of using the corn cake as the bread instead of the English muffin, unfortunately even my heightened sensitivity to spiciness (i.e. I'm too weak-sauce to handle real spicy foods) couldn't detect any hint of the jalapeno that was supposed to be in it.  I think that even with my slight aversion to spice, a little bit of a kick would have helped the dish stand out even more.
THE BAD
Hash Browns:  Complete failure.  Without eating them I could tell they were dry and hard without any flavor.  I don't know what the cooks were thinking sending them out from the kitchen looking the way they did.  Tasting them only confirmed what I saw.  I don't send back food unless it's completely inedible, so while they were towing that line I knew I could still eat them with some ketchup.  In addition, we were in a rush so I just sucked it up and ate what I could.  They were not pleasant bites though, plus it costs $3 for a side of them.  Talk about a rip-off.
Omelet:  The eggs were cooked to the point where they passed being fluffy and started to slightly have the texture of rubber tires.  Not that I've eaten a lot of rubber tires in my life, but you get the picture.  Again, we were in a rush and hungry so we did the best we could.  Oh yeah, and the hash browns that came with it were just as bad as the side order.  At least the ingredients inside the omelet tasted good (mushrooms, sausage).  I'm sure that not all their omelets turn out this way, but it still shouldn't happen even one time.
PURGATORY
Service:  They were busy, but it wasn't volume that any server with a modicum of training couldn't handle.  Sadly ours was often nowhere to be found, whether it be for simple requests like getting a straw or a refill, to actually placing our order.  I'll just give her the benefit of the doubt and say she was having a bad day, but still, it wasn't the best experience.
Bacon:  Nice thick pieces, but expensive ($3) and a little bit too chewy and rubbery for my tastes.  It's like the cooks didn't do justice to the quality of bacon that they were given to prepare.
OVERALL
Based on this review, Coulis deserves 2 stars at best, but I have been there once before and it was an admittedly much better experience, save for the service which was unfortunately pretty much the same both times.  From my best recollection, I have also eaten the Croissant and Egg Sandwich and tried others' Steak and Eggs and Eggs Creole.  I don't remember being wowed but I also don't remember having anything bad to say either.  I'll probably give this place another try, but based on its inconsistency alone I believe there are better breakfast joints in the city.The food is absolutely amazing!  I go on the weekdays to get breakfast before work.  I call in my order and it's ready when I get there.  It is becoming a part of my morning routine.  Cheesy grits....yummmy!This is a popular breakfast and brunch spot that often seems to attract a queue of people waiting to get in.  They have lunch during the weekday but the weekend is all breakfast.  The steak and eggs is probably the smallest portion of steak I've ever had anywhere for that dish and their hashbrowns seem closer to thick cut potato chips but everything is generally executed well.  I personally prefer veal grillades and here they do pork.  You can bring your own liquor or champagne and they have mixers to let you create your own Bloody Mary or mimosa treats.  Overall this is a good place for brunch or weekday lunch with friendly service but I wouldn't wait in line to get in.EGGS BENEFICIO. Get it. Dont miss out, you will regret it. Get it! Treat yourself! This place is just great though, its a can't miss off St. Charles street.The food is delicious. The servers aren't overly friendly, but they bring your food.  They were also super helpful when I wanted to make a substitution in my meal. 
Like many other places, they don't split checks so you need to do it yourself. Luckily, the thing you're holding in your hand is also a calculator. 
If you want your eggs slightly stiff, don't order them over easy. Order them over medium.  
I'll be back here often. I'm a local.Pretty good. I came here during the Mardi Gras break so there was a bit of a line but we were seated relatively quickly and our waitress was cool. She had some sweet tattoos and was friendly and knew the food which I always appreciate.  
I got the corny beefy partly because the name was funny and partly because I like corned beef.   I liked the sliced apples that came as a dressy part of my dish. My friends got bagel with lox which looked amazing and eggs benedict which also looked amazing. I'll probably go back again as I enjoyed breakfast and it wasn't overwhelmingly heavy. 
Wasn't a great review as it's been a couple of days since I last ate here...Great neighborhood breakfast place that's busy most days. Migas and french toast are good. Potatoes are awesome. Upscale diner like place.The breakfast food was very flavorful. I had pecan French toast and biscuits and gravy for $12. Worth the price. Only disappointed that they didn't have mimosas on the menu.Great customer service and the food was amazing.....some of the best corned beef I've ever had :) Will definitely be back the next time we are here. ..Maybe because we went during lunch vs breakfast/brunch I am missing something about the popularity of this place. Was very excited to try this place out today after my kids doctor appointments. Went into the restaurant which had maybe....3 or 4 tables of customers total...weren't greeted, ok...seated ourselves and waited for 5-10 minutes before I went to the counter myself to get menus. Mind you this is in a mostly empty restaurant where I had attempted to make eye contact or call over someone but just kind of was ignored. The waitress did apologize for this I will say.
The lunch menu is really small, hamburger, one salad, a few sandwiches with fries. Salad could have just as easily come from a chain, I tried one of my child's  fries and it tasted like  straight oil that it was cooked in. We went to the bathroom a few minutes after the food was out, and when I came back the check was already on the table. Waitress was nowhere for the rest of the meal.
Again maybe the breakfast food is better but this was a really disappointing lunch, both food and service. I wouldn't come back again, unfortunately.So so good! The specials were shrimp and grits and a banana fosters French toast. We ordered both and was so happy we did. The grits were so creamy and perfectly salted. The shrimp had delicious seasoning and it was perfect on the toast points. The French toast wasn't overly sweet so the wonderful banana and French bread flavor shone though. Service was great and so helpful giving us directions to get around the Garden district. This is definitely on my Must list for the next trip back to New Orleans.In love with Coulis! I'm a Pescetarian (eat fish no meat) and I still love this meat loving place! Get the EGGS BERNICIO (with meat on side for the boyfriend). Phenomenal. Also try the BISCUIT & GRAVY and have the options for an ONION GRAVY. It's out of this world and I'm addicted! Haven't had biscuits and gravy in years and now I can enjoy it :D Simple place. Good price.I really wanted to eat at Coulis. After driving around for 15 minutes looking for parking, I finally parked in a pay lot that only takes credit cards. Only to get to Coulis and find that they only take cash, which I didn't have on me. Thanks, Coulis for wasting my time and money.Always delicious as breakfast for lunch! Also quick & near the house, just off the streetcar.  Had eggs ranchero.  Awesome!this place was amazing! we saw some champagne on someone else's table, so my husband ran across the street to grab us a bottle. there was no corkage fee, but we paid for that with the $15 carafe of orange juice. all well worth it to enjoy mimosas during our meal.
I ordered the juevos rancheros "shaunna style" which was SO good. their black beans were done right, the ranchero sauce tasted excellent and the pulled pork was spot on. 
the staff was friendly, the place was chill, food was excellent. we will definitely be back here when we are in town next.I was reluctant to visit this place since I changed owners and names. My mistake! My daughter and I went to breakfast and I had the Eggs Benicio and her the corny beef. The Benicio is a jalapeño, cheese corn cake topped with savory pulled pork, two poached eggs and hollandaise. It is really a piece of art: slight heat of the jalapeño, a bit of sweet in the corn cake, simple meaty, savory of the pork, decadence of a perfectly soft yoke and a touch of acidic creaminess in the hollandaise. Trust me here, and try it! The corny beef was not slouch either with a corn beef/potato hash with a bit of crisp, two poached eggs and hollandaise. I'm not a big fan of meat in the morning, but I make an exception here. (Right up there with the Abita pot roast biscuit at Buns on Banks, my only other exception). 
We had a pancake too, and it was huge, fluffy, and really good. No mealy, ordinary flapjacks here. 
Go early as the line can stack up, but definitely try Coulis for breakfast!The food is simply great, I had egg pendict their own style , with pulled pork and it was amazing, fresh orange juice was v good too. The service is friendly but can use some improvement.Best uptown breakfast/brunch spot with affordable prices. Simple menu, great staff, and even when there's a line out the door the wait is not more than 30 mins or so.While I was a staltwart Bluebird Cafe fan as well as an admirer of the late chef James Leeming's cooking at Dick and  Jenny's, it nevertheless took me awhile to warm to Coulis. Maybe it was the fairly short menu or its somewhat prosaic selections...who knows. My girlfriend, however, loves this place and sometimes, you need to see a restaurant through the eyes (or tastebuds) of a true fan.
       Coulis does breakfast right and pretty much has something for everyone; the big, thin pancakes have that great crispy to cakey balance; the lox and bagel is really cool, delivered as a sandwich with capers, cream cheese, avocado and beets(!)...and the bagels are seared on the griddle, which yields a delightful texture and flavor. A few specialty egg dishes accompany the standard omelette and other breakfast warhorses. These days, you are nothing to breakfast fiends if you don't serve rightous cheese grits, and Coulis doesn't disappoint.
          The lunch options are pretty ordinary but solid; burgers, grilled cheese, a few other sandwiches and bits and bobs.
     The folks working at Coulis seem like family...friendly, familier, and eccentric. Service is always good, food is delivered quickly and your glass is rarely empty for long.Fantastic service. Great standard brunch menu. And how great is any place that's byob!?The food was wonderful, on track for all the stars. The service was weird and our waitress scammed us.
Our waitress repeatedly mentioned how she could use a Bloody Mary, so we bought her a tiny bottle of vodka from the kwicky mart across the street. She was thrilled and told us she felt so much better after that drink, she was going to bring us each a bloody mary.  We told her that we didn't want them, to which she replied "oh don't worry, we'll work it out". Then she brought them anyway. Our bill came and we were charged for our drinks...and hers. She also disappeared as soon as she dropped  it off, so after 15 min of waiting we had to hand our money to another server.  
The food here was good but after such bizarre treatment by our waitress, we won't be coming back.Maybe I'm justing missing the Blue Bird, but I thought the menu at Coulis was a little sparse.  I almost never eat breakfast out so was looking for something....but whatever it was wasn't on the menu.  Which is more a personal problem, I know.
So I ordered the breakfast sandwich and I think they scrambled up 3 eggs to go on it which was bit much for the croissant.  And we had a service bobble (the server didn't think E had ordered anything), but it was remedied with appropriate apologies. 
Maybe I'll try again for lunch...This is a great little cafe! Can get a little busy, but it is worth the wait. I highly recomend the Creole Eggs (I posted a photo).I'm not a breakfast type of person.  With this admission it would be surprising that I end up with some friends at a place that serves brunch.  I gave in, and had some really outstanding food.  Admittedly, I'm the type of Yelp user that is bimodal either writing about how absolutely amazing a place was, or how surprisingly bad an experience was.  This review should serve as a perfect amalgamation of the two.  
The food was absolutely stellar.  The wait was a bit long, though after a quick trip across the street to acquire a refreshing beverage and an issue of "Just Busted" the wait was very tolerable.  Our waitress was pleasant, though in all honesty seemed like she had a rough previous night (or longer).  I'll defer to another review by a friend to fill in the next details, since he quite accurately depicts the event (see below):
"The food was wonderful, on track for all the stars. The service was weird and our waitress scammed us.
Our waitress repeatedly mentioned how she could use a Bloody Mary, so we bought her a tiny bottle of vodka from the kwicky mart across the street. She was thrilled and told us she felt so much better after that drink, she was going to bring us each a bloody mary.  We told her that we didn't want them, to which she replied "oh don't worry, we'll work it out". Then she brought them anyway. Our bill came and we were charged for our drinks...and hers. She also disappeared as soon as she dropped  it off, so after 15 min of waiting we had to hand our money to another server.  
The food here was good but after such bizarre treatment by our waitress, we won't be coming back."
I would just highlight we thought we were doing a nice gesture for someone who was finishing their shift.  Getting scammed like that was really inexcusable and a really easy way to ruin a dining experience.  I opened the "Just Busted" issue to double-check that she wasn't listed in this edition for similar shenanigans, but to no avail.  I couldn't even get another look at her since she disappeared for so long and we had to ask another server for the check.  The bottle she took from us wasn't that big to distract her so long, so I'm not entirely sure what she was up to.  Also before you say "well she probably thought you were intoxicated" or "perhaps she thought you were flirting with her offering her the drink" I can assure you neither of the two could be further from the truth.  Even with after the bloody mary she was no where near any of our types. 
Let me just again mention that the food was great and all the other servers whom we interacted with were very great and friendly.  Also above-average coffee.disregard the hater reviews on here- not sure what their glitches are because this place is freakin' delicious. we had the benicio eggs, huevos rancheros and a side of fresh fruit and it was all amazing. quick friendly service. four enthusiastic thumbs up!!!I would definitely recommend this for breakfast. I had the Ultimate French Toast and loved every bite of it.  The service was spectacularly friendly with out being overbearing. Just perfect!Best breakfast in town! Everything Is fresh and delicious as if you made it at home :) the staff is awesome and the owner is the most amazingly friendly lady :) there's isn't anything on the menu that isn't top quality and taste!!! 
Love Ena&EthanI ordered the special which was shrimp and grits. It was nothing like the shrimp and grits you get anywhere in nola!! The shrimp were "sautéed" but they weren't cooked at all. It looked  like raw shrimp in my cheesy grits. When the waitress took our tab she asked how was everything. I was honest with her and told her the shrimp were not cooked that she might want to tell the chef that, and that I didn't touch my food because it was not at all how shrimp and grits are in south La. she apologized and still charged me for the meal even though zero was touched! Not coming backCoulis is your standard diner. I feel like it's a hit and miss with service and food. Last time came in with a group and everyone's food seemed the vary with either missing something it was supposed to or subpar in taste-- for like standard eggs and pancakes. I feel like the items that deliver more solidly in consistency and taste are the super high calorie ones (eggs benicio, yumm). Service ranges from friendly and good to awkward to apathetic. Coffee is solid though. Not sure I'd come back when there are so many other options around NOLA.This is a happy place. If you find yourself out in that part of the city, stop in and you won't regret it. There can sometimes be a wait, but it's worth it.What a fantastic little cafe this is!  BF and I had a great Sunday brunch experience during our recent weekend in NO.  Initially, we were not thrilled about the 20 minute wait outside (it's too tiny for patrons to wait in the restaurant) in the mostly unshaded heat (owners-please consider extending the awning a few feet!), but breakfast was definitely worth it.  I had the huevos rancheros and it was perfectly seasoned and spiced.  BF had the eggs benicio, an inventive spin on the classic benedict made with shredded pork.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the jalapeno and cheddar corn cakes are nothing short of inspired.  We sat at the counter and the bartender/cashier/waitress was attentive and sweet.  A bit of advice- save your window shopping on Magazine street for after your meal, as you will be ready to work off some of the calories you will be compelled to consume.  A must for those of you who, like us, are visiting and don't have the luxury of eating here whenever you want!Well we just had to stop and have brunch here after seeing the line outside the door and reading the reviews. Its a neat little cafe very clean with a very friendly staff. I had the famous egg Benedict and I have to say I have had better. The corn bread they use though was very tasty. I also had the buckwheat pancake and that was terrible. I actually threw it out couldn't quite finish it. 
It was average if you ask me. Nothing special.The staff is super friendly and attentive. Their food is amazing and I personally recommend the shrimp and grits whenever they have it!Very friendly service, good breakfast food, HUGE portions (even for New Orleans).  I ordered the 2 egg breakfast w/2 sides - either they use XXL eggs or they gave me at twice the number of eggs ordered.  The hash browns are like thick fried potato chips - unusual, but tasty.  The coffee is standard diner coffee, nothing special, but totally drinkable and refills are free and plentiful.  Only bad part of the meal (which was really my fault for not remembering this is the Deep South where it's presumed you want butter or bacon on everything) - the greasy english muffin - order your toast dry if you don't want it pre-soaked with butter.We recently moved here from SC. This place was DELICIOUS!! We had the Corney Beef, and a half order of the Eggs Benecia. Both were incredible, and it was plenty of food for my husband and I. Also, the coffee had great flavor! Love it, and we'll be recommending it to all of our visitors.I have to give the credit to my girlfriend for finding Coulis. We were in New Orleans for a graduate open house at Tulane University and she stumbled across Coulis while waiting for me to get done at the university. I started receiving picture messages of her food while I was sitting in a lecture. Long story short we returned the next day and I was blown away by the Eggs Benicio. The service has always been great and sometimes there is a wait, but its always worth it!
Since that first time, I have moved to New Orleans and now live right down the block from Coulis. I make it a point to take every visitor when in town and rave about this place every opportunity I have.Nice gem in quite business area. I had the bagel & lox with bacon. Matthew had ultimate French toast. Big portions, excellent service and not crowded since it is off the beaten path but close to streetcar.Great Lox.
I just got a quick bite to eat to go when head out of town.  The Lox was fantastic.  They put avocado on it and suggested to add bacon to my wife.  The sandwich was very large and tasty.  They did have a beet garnish on the sandwich for some reason.  That was kind of out of place.
I would go back.I've got no complaints !  True New Orleans style.  Very welcoming wait staff on Friday morning at 7:30am especially Joe and the waitress with dark hair and bangs.  Didn't catch her name.  It was uncrowded, and the food came quick.  I'm sure on the weekends it is bustling!
Food was delicious.  I had the $3 fruit cup side order which came with eight different fruit.  Yummy.  Coffee with lots of refills.  Eggs Creole -- scrambled eggs & cheese grits topped with sausage gravy. served with a grilled tomato & sourdough toast.  The portions are generous.  I'll be back!I'm giving this place five stars because I've never been as satisfied off of one pancake, ever and they have the best hashbrowns I've ever had.
Everyone says the pancakes are big, so I expected an overwhelmingly large pancake. It wasn't that big. You can get as many toppings as you want with no additional charge, which is great. That might add to why I was so full. Strawberries, blueberries, chocolate chips and pecans. The whipped cream smiley face was a nice touch :)
On to the hashbrowns. They're medallion-cut, which is something I've never really seen before in a hashbrown. Topped with green onions, they were delicious. I liked that I could eat them with my hands and I didn't need ketchup or anything. My goodness, thinking about them is making me hungry.
Very good food, very reasonable prices. Also, the wait staff was amazingly nice.Delicious breakfast, old New Orleans feel, great service!  I had the crab omelet special and it was yummy!I had the bagel & lox which I highly recommend! Although I am not an expert on this dish & the only other time I ate this was a month ago at Sarge's Deli in New York City, the dish at Coulis is good competition for Sarge's! The salmon was tasty and all ingredients were fresh and perfect. The bagel was lightly toasted & delicious. 
My husband had the corny beefy and, a man of few words, ate the whole dish without uttering a sound & then said "fantastic" which is a five star review for him! 
My son had the breakfast sandwich and loved it so Coulis gets two thumbs up from this family!Enjoy it every time we go. Attentive but not intrusive service, great food, pretty decent prices considering we're uptown. (I get that rent is expensive in the area, but I'm not looking to subsidize your losses with a $45. all in all, along with Cake Cafe, one of our two regular haunts!I like crisp bacon, but this was so over cooked. Eggs over easy, and the whites undercooked. I ate here a few weeks ago and it was great. What a bummer . We won't be back. :(Great breakfast. I made my own. Eggs were perfect. Cheese grits were cheesy and smooth. Coffee hot and aromatic. The buckwheat pancakes are thin. Never had a thin cake before and I must say that I liked them. Service was friendly with lots of coffee refills. You have to wait outside to get a table but that w as ok even though it was raining we were under the awning so we didn't get wet. They had a Migas as their special but being from San Antonio I just couldn't order Mexican food in NOLA.My sister was starting school nearby so we visited this place her first weekend in town. The breakfast is amazing! We went back twice. I'd recommend their twist on Eggs Benedict, the "Eggs Benecio". Great food at a reasonable price. I'll definitely return anytime I'm in town.I live a few blocks from here and have been meaning to try it out in case I need it to be my new breakfast and lunch spot. Came here on a Saturday around 11, we waited about ten minutes. It didn't look overly crowded but servers had to bus their own tables. Service was great and friendly. I had the grillades and grits since I usually order shrimp and grits. It was nice and filling two smaller pork chops with a tomato based sauce on top. The bf got some a la carte breakfast items and loved how the biscuits and gravy were flavorful and the pancake was thin and crispy all around, though not sure if one pancake was worth $4. A friend got the benecio and of course inhaled it. I'm sure there are plenty of other reviews on that. Looking forward to come back to coulis to try lunch!My breakfast at Coulis was among the best meals I ate over the course of three days in NOLA. Our party of seven ordered a variety of dishes (plus some pancakes to share) and not a dish disappointed. Of particular note were the huevos and the eggs benedict. Service was great: friendly, attentive, not overbearing, excellent technique with the backhanded water pour.It's always a challenge getting into some of these New Orleans breakfast places on a weekend - seems like everyone wants greasy food on a New Orleans' weekend morning. Imagine that. However, I had a chance for a Friday morning breakfast and dropped in on Coulis on Prytania Street (in the location of the old Bluebird).
My first thought on walking in was that the place was freezing, but that could have been because it was empty and it was raining outside, so not a big deal, just be aware and bring a sweatshirt. There is a fair amount of seating and not packed on top of each other, so you have a bit of privacy. And the music was excellent! I don't think I've ever heard Guns-n-Roses "It's So Easy" (unedited, not really sure if that song could be edited and still exist) in a restaurant. Other selections included Cherry Bomb (The Runaways) and Mr. Roboto (Styx). Good stuff. The music wasn't booming or anything, just above background. Overall, I liked the atmosphere. I'm giving it a 22 out of 30 in that category.
The service was solid as well; of course, it was a Friday morning and empty, so tough to gauge what that would mean on a weekend. They don't take American Express, which isn't an issue to me, just saying. I'll give it a 13 out of 20 for service.
I had a very good omelet with excellent smoked sausage. I do go back to my old tenet that it's tough to really mess up an omelet, but good ingredients help a lot. Having said that, the side of bacon was bad, all dried up and crunchy, tough to event eat. The bread for the toast wasn't great either. As far as food, I'll give it a 28 out of 50. It was good, but sure glad I didn't wait in line for it.
Final score = 63 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).That would be a BIG MEEHHH for this place. The wifey & I both had the Grillard special with the pork tenderloin, eggs, cheese grits & side of hash brown (chip like structures). The entire meal was bland, tasteless & boring, no great seasoning on anything & for $12 a piece with no damn hash browns/home fries or a piece of crusty toast to go with it this was an epic FAILLL! And this coming from a westcoast soilda who's had better southern dishes in (dare I say it) LA. I think if u can't get f****in pork or grits right u can't call ur self a true nawlins brkfst institution. Surreys around the corner is the truth for a Nawlins breakfast & I have a couple on my list i ll try nxt time in the NO never will I be deceived by the overrated star system on yelp.Oh man oh man.  If you don't come here for breakfast you are missing the boat.  The three of us all had outstanding meals.  The place and the waitresses are eclectic.  The place isn't much really to look at from the outside.  Really not much on the inside either.  Lol.  This place has been here awhile, whether as this restaurant or something else who knows.  The Huevos Rancheros that my friend got was a huge portion of food.  Salsa and black beans with eggs on top and then sour cream and cheese on top of that.  You get 4 fried tortilla strips to use as pushers you can later eat.  My other friend got the special of the day which he started eating too fast to get a good pic of.  It was a crawfish omelette and it looked like a good amount of crawfish tails.  I got the Eggs Benicio.  Compared to the other dishes it seemed small but it really was the perfect amount of food for me.  Plus it was rich with the hollandaise sauce.  So good!3.5/5 solid portions for price
i almost always get the creole eggs - i think something about a griddled tomato is just so appealing. it comes on a hearty bed of cheese grits and comes with some toast, and then the eggs seems like they've actually scrambled in 4 or 5! definitely filling start to the day.
as long as you come in on the early end of the day, you won't have to wait. the service is pretty friendly, and i know folks who are regulars who have good relationships with them. of the times i've been, i don't think i've ever had a bad plate. i like how the "hash" is more like thick chips - it's a fun change. 
my only complaint is that sometimes they go cash only, which is inconvenient.For an unassuming, cozy breakfast joint, this place couldn't be better. Even fairly early, there was a line out the door on a Sunday. They don't take reservations.
I've only been here twice, and the Egg Benicio was just so incredible that I've had to order it both times--PERFECTLY poached eggs over pulled pork served on jalapeno cheddar corncakes and drizzled with Hollandaise. It is beyond delicious! My boyfriend opted for the special, which was a delicious shrimp and grits. The orange juice was fresh squeezed, and the coffee strong and good.
Our server was super friendly and attentive. Several other servers topped by to see if I needed a refill on my coffee. 
Tip: I noticed that it said you could BYOB as they had mixers for Bloody Marys and mimosas. Might be a good (inexpensive) option to curb a hangover!We decided to check out Coulis as we wanted a good place local to where we were staying and didn't want to dress up and pay an arm and a leg for breakfast.  It seemed like they had some great reviews and the tattooed waitresses were not a turn-off for us so we decided to check them out.  The place was easy to find, nice and cool when we came in (a huge plus for me who is always hot heh) with ceiling fans and a nice strong A/C working overtime in the morning humidity of New Orleans.  
I decided to order the Eggs Benecio, despite not being a real big fan of jalapenos (I don't mind hot food, in fact I like it but have never truly cared much for jalapenos).  I had read they weren't that hot so I was ok with the biscuits being jalapeno.  I also wanted to try the hash browns so we got a side of those.  My fiance ordered the Rancho Cuervo eggs.  After a very friendly waitress took our order she got us some waters and we waited (and cooled off) for about 10 minutes before our food arrived.  Everything looked great, I took a bunch of pictures, which unfortunately appear to have been lost during the wonderful time my Droid decided to die (on vacation of course), which just goes to answer the question of "why do I need to upload these pictures to Yelp! now?  I can just do it later..."
The Eggs Benecio came out looking delicious and were in fact delicious.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the hollondaise sauce was awesome.  The jalapeno biscuits were also delicious but I really wasn't a fan of the jalapenos in them, I could have done without that but I get why they added them, it makes the dish unique, so I didn't eat all of the biscuits.  My fiance raved about the Rancho Cuervo eggs she had. It looked (and tasted) really really good, however the clear win of Coulis for me was the Hash Browns.  I'm not really sure why they call them hash browns as they don't really seem to be..well hash browns but whatever they are called (I'd call them fried potatoes) they are insanely delicious and all of them were scarfed up with some ketchup by Stefanie and I.  In the end our bill was pretty good too and we were well fed and left happy.  
Sorry about the lack of pictures (stupid Droid!!)100% worth the long wait on the weekends. Coulis does a great job of accommodating dietary restrictions and serves up piping hot plates of deliciousness. I got Huevos Rancheros and sometimes still dream about them....I had the grillades today. They were more like two pieces of breaded pork cutlets with gravy. The grits lacked seasoning, and my over-medium eggs were over-easy. The pancakes looked good though. I would return to Coulis, but not for the "grillades". So much for believing a yelp review lol.Good breakfast food, somewhat surly service depending on who you get.  Worth returning!
AC reeds some help tho.The eggs Benedict was fab! My wife had pancakes that were from scratch and almost didn't need syrup. Wish they were open longer- don't sleep in!GOODS: Eggs benecio was amazing, as other reviews have said. Jalapeño cornbread that it was on was the highlight for me, sweet and spicy combo makes the dish genius. Came in hungry for breakfast, and wasn't even able to finish. Added the "hash browns," which put us over the top. They're really sliced and fried potatoes, and too good. 
Service was attentive and friendly. Seat yourself tables. Came in at about 9am on a Friday, and we sat down immediately with tables to spare. The 2 servers efficiently managed the room.
In the heat and humidity, the atmosphere was casual and cool.
BADS: None.This place has an awesome menu and a great staff. Get there early it's usually line out the door after 10am.I discovered this place while my mom was having surgery across the street at Touro. I had seen it in passing and decided to eat there that morning. I have since been back a couple of times. The food is simple but good and the prices are very good. The chopped salad is wonderful.It is off the main road a block, but worth the search. Small, cozy, the beauty is in the simplicity.
Eggs, bacon, toast.... Classic basic breakfast with fresh squeeze OJ, for rather cheap!
Good food + friendly staff + low prices = awesome breakfast spotI am never disappointed. This place is so good and I always leave satisfied!!! My go to brunch spot to take people from out of town.
Bagel w/ lox is perfect, just perfect. The bagel is always so soft and the lox is always salty, but not too salty. I'm not a big fan of cream cheese, but don't mind it here bc they spread a light, thin layer that I taste it, but not really. Lol. 
Huevos rancheros. I don't eat this, but my bf loves it! He's eaten all of it within 30 seconds, which means it must really be good! I think it has eggs, salsa, and some other stuff like beans? Lol. I'm not sure. It always looks very good, but it's just not my type of breakfast. 
The corny beefy is delicious! And the eggs are always poached perfectly to give the right amount of "yolk porn" for videos and pictures. 
I have also tried their French toast. Pretty good, very different from any of the other brunch places in town. 
I always get their hashbrowns. They look like chips, but thicker and not as greasy tasting. They have just the right amount of crunch.
I tend to judge my brunch spots by their biscuits. And oh boy, their biscuits are flakey and buttery. Just the way I love them. Therefore 5 stars.Amazing restaurant from the food down to the service.  The people who run this place have real heart and soul.  You are missing out if you don't support this gem in New OrleansAmazing breakfast! The grilled cheese and grits are phenomenal, also the corny beef is a must try! BYOBDidn't know what to expect dining for the first time post Bluebird Cafe days and was very unimpressed.  I'll keep it short and sweet...
service- Poor- no warm greeting at the door. Sloppily dressed wait staff shrugged "sit at any set table."- not a great start.
Silverware was dirty with food residue still on fork and knife.  (also saw wait staff "washing" silverware by dipping in warm water and wiping dry.
Food was OK. Nothing to call your mom about and definitely over priced for what you get.  
I expected a lot more from a breakfast "joint" in New Orleans.  Definitely not up to par with my favorites- Riccobonos, Slim Goodies, and Ruby Slipper.Outstanding don't write many reviews but this place got my juices flowing do not pass it upThe server named Gary was terrible!!!! I got the Corny beef and my boyfriend got the steak and eggs.  I don't recommend the corny beef as it was very salty to the point it was almost unbearable to eat and the meat tasted like it was reheated. I asked for one egg instead of two and my boyfriend asked for 3 eggs instead of two. Gary said it would be too complicated for the cook just to trust him on that.  Once we received our food, he never asked us how it was, refilled our drinks, or gave us a tab. Yet he was talking to two women he knew that came in. We were done eating waiting for the tab for a good 15 minutes before I asked a coworker of his for the tab and that I needed to talk to Gary. She said he's been talked to before but this is a diner and they work as a team! Where was the team work? No one else asked us about our food or if we needed anything. It was one of the worst experiences I've ever had.  Poor service. Poor food. I wouldn't even feed this food to my dog!Honesty time: I am super boring when it comes to breakfast. I don't need anything fancy- just give me the basics. Of course, I went to a fancy brunch place today and got my usual basics. Of course I did. So, here's my basic review.
I've heard raves about Coulis for a while. I've been told they do breakfast and they do it well and I finally made my way over here to check it out. I'm easy to please when it comes to breakfast and I always get the same thing: two eggs over easy, toast, grits and bacon. That's exactly what I got here and it was pretty good. The bacon was crispy, the portion of grits was generous and the wheat toast was yummy. 
I have two tiny complaints: the eggs were a bit under cooked and runny and I like them a bit stiffer and we were seated at a tight table in the back. In the grand scheme of things, this is not a huge deal.
I will go back mainly because they have a Cuban sandwich on the menu (not available on weekends) and I must try every Cuban sandwich in the greater New Orleans area. Nothing will beat El Libre, I'm sure, but I am willing to do all the research necessary to find the best of the best.While I chose this place mostly for ease of locale for my hotel, it proved to be a fortuitous choice. The waitress was an absolute delight (even when I walked in at 7:10am), and had plenty of suggestions and stories to share. Her go to? Eggs benecio, substitute sausage gravy for hollandaise. She was dead on, it was delicious! A fun experience and tasty food. I also got to sample the ultimate french toast, which was also super tasty (great mix of savory meat and sweet stuffed french toast). Definitely recommend.
They charge for soda by the can, just fyi.This place is great.  Believe it or not it's my favorite weekday spot for breakfast. No lines and the staff is super nice and patient when I can't choose which yummy thing to choose.  Grits are a staple.Totally over priced pancakes that had no taste and were not even hot.  This place is very close to me and could have been a regular spot but the service was bad and the food wasn't even close to worth the price.  I can't believe that people stand outside this place a wait for a seat!  Not worth it!For anyone giving this place less than 4 stars, you've got to at least list another place that you think is better.
If not for the wait outside, this place is remarkable.
The staff takes their time, they aren't in a hurry, so if you are then go somewhere else. Check such expectations at the door. If you treat the wait staff well and don't get all huffy because they aren't as responsive as you'd like, then they'll bend over backwards for you.
Expect to get a great breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere.
My staples:
Huevos Rancheros
Creole Breakfast
Eggs Benedict (any style)
Grilled bagel w/ cream cheese, salmon, beets, avocado.
Wife loves the stuffed French toast. Incredi-bad-assed.
As far as noise, some days it's loud and others its soft. Just don't be in a rush and don't be shy about gettin' up to help yourself if the waitress is too busy or too preoccupied. 
Other similar breakfast joints throughout the city: Huevos, Thanh Thanh, Ruby Slipper (too pricey but good).Yelp you did it again. Grillades and Gritz... Outstanding. Eggs Benicio superb. Fantastic breakfast place right behind Hampton Inn in the Garden District.Simple spectacular breakfast!!! 
Staff kicks major booty!!!
Stop by to start your day for work or a great base to get your drink on!!!I don't mind a long wait if the service and meal are great. After all, isn't that why so many of us are there? But this place did not live up to the hype. Meal: I was disappointed in this version of Eggs Benedict (Benicio) recommended by the server.  The eggs had a good bit of uncooked whites and the highly-sweetened cornbread was also undercooked. I saw others left most of theirs on the plate as well, so maybe they were just having a bad day for that dish. I actually ordered a side of gravy to try to salvage it, but it was weird too - nice color and texture for house-made gravy, but the flavors were overwhelmed with the strong taste of onion. Service: My server never came back to see if I was enjoying my meal or check on me at all. When I finally flagged another server down, she told me they share tables. That's fine as long as *someone* stops by once in a while. This stuff really stands out when you're dining solo. On that note - when I arrived, they said they weren't seating the bar, so I waited about 45 minutes for a big table on my own. A few minutes later, they seated four people at the bar. Wtf? Conclusion: I won't be bringing my late-sleeping friends here, and I definitely won't be back on my own.I've been here several times.  A friend lives close which allows us to just walk over for brunch when I'm visiting her on the weekends.  
I'm addicted to their grillades and grits.  The grits are just the proper consistency and oh so creamy.  Accompanying them are two perfectly cooked slices of beef (I'm assuming) smothered in well executed super yummy sauce.  I don't like my grillades sauce made with a bunch of tomatoes.  Some places do this bc it's a cheap filler food.  There's properly.  It get's better!  Two sunny side up eggs delicately on the side.  If it were only the grillades and grits served, it would still be divine.  The yolk from the eggs adds even more depth to the dish.  The combination of the three screams traditional, old school New Orleans cuisine!!!    
My friend always orders something different and raves each time.  
you can't beat the prices for the quality of food.  They could easily charge more.  Easily.  People would still line up outside.
Tiny prob... no cocktails.  But they allow you to bring your own.  At least they let us.
If you're looking for a new place to brunch on the weekends, look no further!Always a favorite of ours.  Awesome buckwheat pancakes (today I had them with fat, juicy, fresh blueberries) and their Eggs Benicio are to die for!Came in on a Saturday morning for brunch. It was busy- but the wait was only a few minutes. I ordered the lox, husband had the eggs benecio, kids ordered pancake and eggs with croissant and sausage. My lox and bagel was really good.  Husband said eggs benecio was delicious. Pancake was ok. Kids ate most of the eggs and sausage. Would come back again.For the price, the atmosphere, the menu - 5 stars. This place was awesome. Being from Chicago I wanted authentic southern food. This place hit the spot
Go for the corn cakes topped with pulled pork and poached eggs. We also split a side of biscuit and gravy. Again, outstanding.Wish I could write something positive, but we never got to sample any of the food. Sat down at the bar to eat & encountered a waitress/bartender that had a piss poor attitude. Needless to say, we left based on that. I don't enjoy paying someone my hard earned money to be treated bad.Thus place should definitely be on your "must try" list...fantastic service and food!  The eggs benedict was absolutely amazing and the huevos rancheros were wonderful as well.  We had a total of four in our party; our waitress was personable, prompt, and had no problems with our order.  If you are not a grits fan then substitute them for hash browns...you won't be disappointed.BY FAR one of the top places I've EVER been to for breakfast! The wait is definitely worth the food...that is, if you can stand the scorching heat from direct sunlight the front of the building gets in the morning. 
I stumbled across Coulis while wondering around Uptown New Orleans waiting for my boyfriend to finish up a Tulane University graduate school open house meeting. I was driving around looking for a local café to grab a cup of coffee but Coulis crossed my path first...it was destiny! After reading a few reviews I knew I had to join them for breakfast. I enjoyed their Huevos Rancheros, a hot cup of coffee and a homemade biscuit. I'd never had Huevos Rancheros before but decided to try because of all the other reviews. Couldn't be happier that I decided on this dish! The Mexican grilled cheese (two corn tortillas fried with cheese in between) topped with 2 over easy eggs served over black beans and salsa, garnished with sour cream was just what I needed. My mouth is watering just writing about this! Now every time I visit my boyfriend, I make sure we go here for breakfast. I don't think I'll ever be adventurous enough to order something new because why flounder away from something so great?!? 
It is a little pricey for a breakfast/lunch establishment but it's worth it. You won't be disappointed!Came here by myself on a Sunday morning and had no trouble finding a seat at the counter. No nonsense breakfast items on the menu and I was surprised how quickly my order came out (good timing). The coffee never stopped flowing either! The people who work here were nice, polite, and funny; taking jabs at each other while they worked. The guy behind the counter also spoke Spanish to the Latin workers, a sign of true mindfulness and understanding. I will be back here!I have tried many, many breakfast places in New Orleans, and there is not one that holds a candle to Coulis. The Corny Beefy is the single best thing I have ever had the privilege of tasting, and they have spoiled me so much with this dish that I simply cannot enjoy corned beef hash at any other restaurant.
The service is friendly and eclectic. While there may be a wait from time to time, this little gem is more than worth it. I want to recommend it to everyone who's ever considered getting breakfast in New Orleans, but this place becoming swamped with tourists sounds like a nightmare to me.Nice little breakfast/brunch spot.  Not as fancy as Ruby Slipper, and not as amazing food as Elizabeth's, but it's pretty good overall.  Service has been good each time we have been in, and although some of the prices are a bit high IMO, it's still a good and popular spot for this area.  Don't be surprised if there is a line outside for a table as it is a fairly small space.Some of the best food I've enjoyed while staying here in new Orleans.. A local favorite spot and the staff is welcoming, shout out to Shaunna and jen, and the food taste like mom made it
I recommend anything with the sausage gravy !!! The secret has to be crack!
Family friendly with crayons to entertain the kids, as they can go to town on the paperlined tables, changed after every sitting 
So talk a way down and enjoy some homemade goodnessOne of my favorite places but Friday the table that came in 20 minutes AFTER me got their food at the same time I did.
Oh; and when my waitress said that to the gal running it after I had paid, her retort was "Well that's just the restaurant business jackass". 
Wonder if she feels that same way waiting at other places?I had the breakfast sandwich with home fries and everything was out of this world. If you're staying at or near the Best Western on St. Charles, it's a quick walk. Totally worth it. Delicious!!!Great neighborhood diner.  Feels like it has been there forever.  Went for breakfast around 9 on Sunday morning and was seated immediately.  Had their corner beef hash and eggs with hollandaise - delicious.  Wish the code r was a little better but would definitely go backGreat brunch spot. It's a bit away from the city so the wait tends to be a bit less than my usual brunch places. Notable things about this place:
1. In general amazing food. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal here. Certain dishes are better than others but everything is delicious, which makes it both easy and hard to choose something.
2. Salmon. The bagel and lox sandwich is my favorite but I'll order the salmon scramble special if they have it. The salmon is flavorful and they always pair it right. Not sure what they're doing differently but their stuff beats other breakfast places.
3. Sweetness. I don't typically do sweets for breakfast but their french toast is near perfect. It's not too sweet, just enough.
4. No booze. I usually like a drink with my brunch. Luckily the restaurant is BYOB, so make sure to have a bottle of champagne in hand.
5. Attentive yet slow. The service here could use a bit of work. While we usually have everything turn out fine, our stay ends up being 30-45 minutes longer than we were planning. They are always very attentive to detail so this leads me to believe they are usually short staffed.
All in all a very solid breakfast/brunch place. The food is good enough to make up for the slow service and lack of alcohol. So much so that I will gladly clear out a 2 hour window and grab a bottle of vodka on my way to brunch. 4 stars!Had the Eggs Benicio and it was great.  Only thing I would ask for more of would be the jalapeño corn bread that was under the pork.
If you go here when it's cold outside make sure to dress warm cause the waiting area is outside.  Definitely will go to this place again.  Very worth it.One of the best breakfast meals I've had. The eggs were poached perfectly, the hollandaise was excellent, the debris was moist, and the sweet corn cakes were delicious. What a wonderful place!Very good food. I went around noontime and only waited about twenty minutes in the line outside. This is about normal from the reviews so was expecting it. Location was easy to find. One street down from St Charles. Some construction at main intersection. There was paid parking in front of restraint but if you were willing to walk a block. Easy street parking was found in both directions. Inside was one dining area about twenty tables. If you have big party get there early. If by yourself. They have 5 seats at counter. They also carry out. They don't have liquor license but they don't mind if you bring it in. Food selection was creole/Mexican/American type lot of variety. Only breakfast menu available on weekends. But does have lunch menu for weekdays. I got the ultimate French toast. Was delicious. On the larger side so bring appetite.Best biscuits and gravy I've had in my life. And believe that this girl has had some biscuits and gravy.Eggs Creole rocked and the biscuits and gravy were out of this world.  Waitstaff is attentive and friendly.  Taking the St. Charles trolley to Coulis was scenic and a nice distraction from the French Quarter hustle and bustleWe had a great time at Coulis.  The corned beef hash and the grits and grillades were damn tasty, and the service was excellent and entertaining!One of my favorite brunch spots in Nola. I prefer it to Surrey's and other spots with equally long waits. Everything I've had here is great. The servers have character and are very accommodating. My favorites on the menu include the brioche French toast, the bagel with lox, and any of the egg specialties. I always go when there isn't a wait because I've heard it can take hours to get a table for a group.I must be missing something....I thought this place was ok but was really disappointed based on the other reviews. I had the egg dish and my husband had the steak and eggs. Thought the price was great for breakfast but thought the food was "nothing to write home about." Service was also just ok...If you want a southern hole in the wall, authentic breakfast place, come to Coulis. I ordered pancakes, and I was able to add blueberries and bananas to it. The pancake was a very generous size--added fruits were delicious. Price was great! Decor was fun. Staff was super attentive. The place was busy but there wasn't a long wait which was great for a weekend morning! Great experience, definitely going back!This place honestly deserves all the darn stars in the world. The food is good but the customer service is beyond great. Everyone is so happy and full of love! 
Shanna was out server and she was so awesome!!!!!!!!
I would post a picture of my meal but it didn't stand a chance. 
I highly recommend this place, baybaaaa!Had a great breakfast today at Coulis! My server was so sweet and efficient. Had the "build your own breakfast" and it was perfect. They've got a good menu set up with lotsa variety! Deffo a place to go for brunch!My belly is still full from Coulis' huevos rancheros plate. Mmm that thing is so nice to look at when it comes out and then while you eat you make a sloppy mess- and then, it's all gone, and you can sink back in your chair and listen to the Saints.
That's right, the Saints. Coulis was playing the radio over their loudspeakers so that diners could listen to the football game. Although it was fairly loud, it actually was not too distracting. 
I chose to sit by the front window, in order to keep tabs on my bicycle, and that may have been a mistake. Huge black flies plagued me throughout my meal. But it only seemed to be a problem in this one area and not in the rest of the restaurant.
Coulis' tables are nice and big- fitting four people comfortably- which I think is important. 
For Sunday brunch you have the option of traditional breakfast items or lunch items. I like that, some people may want the cream cheesed stuffed french toast while someone else is craving a grilled cheese. 
The huevos ranchers is done so well here. They layer the tortillas with cheese, top it off with overeasy eggs, add some black beans, mmm and a "creole sauce" that is so tasty! Coulis understands the need for crunch so they top off the warm gooey plate with big tortilla chips!
Service was good- there were only a few tables being occupied so we definitely got enough attention. The food came out very quickly. The waiter was constantly refilling the coffee and water. But it wouldn't be fair if I didn't note a serious cleanliness issue- my coffee cup came complete with red lipstick on the side of it... eww, super gross. 
I believe the huevos rancheros was about $9 or $10. You can decide if that is cheap, pricey, or just right. 
Accepts credit cards- but not Amex.Waited in line outside for about ten minutes before we were seated. No biggie, preferred to wait outside as there isn't really any extra space inside. 
Before we even got the menu the "hash browns" which are thin slices of fried potatoes, caught out eye and we ordered a plate, definitely get a side! We decided to split the ultimate French toast and that with the potatoes was the right amount of food for two people. 
It was absolutely delicious, French toast stuffed with cream cheese, topped with smoked sausage and caramelized pecans and apples. It also comes with whipped cream but we got it on the side, it all came out to $15 for two people!This is the closest to NYC dinner food I've had so far in New Orleans. The omlettes are so friggin' huge. There must be like a dozen eggs in one. Good selection of goodies to put inside (thank you for having gruyere!). Add on a pancake? It's the size of a manhole cover. Fun, friendly staff. No pretense here, just good noms. Worth the wait.Absolutely the best brunch I've had in my life!!! I would go here every week if I live in New Orleans! Amazing tasting food! Everything on my plate was good. I came with a group of people and tried some of their foods, it was great as well. Definitely, need to go there when visiting New Orleans! Love it! I was recommended the crab omelette special and I don't regret getting it, I actually want to come back and get it again one day.I've been here a couple times, and I've found it really hit or miss. I love the egg dishes and would really recommend them to anyone checking this place out. The Egg Benicio are my favorite by far. Its worth giving a try for sure.had monday breakfast here.  actually a good meal.  the benedict was good...just get the hollandaise on the side...creeps me out to eat anyone elses hollandaise...except my bf's.  
also got the french toast.  it was underwhelming, a little weird to be stuffed with cream cheese, but was decent.  hash browns were freshly sliced potatoes and were quite nice.  
service was meh...decor is mehWith respect to everyone, I have to say that this place is a now a holy place for me should I visit New Orleans again (I know I will).  It is charming, a place you can call your own.  Friendliest staff who seem happy to see you and feed you AMAZING things. 
Located in the Garden District, it's honestly where people who know go.  A friend had read it in a reputable foodie magazine to try out, sorry I can't think of the name right now.  This place is not pretending to be something its not, what it is, is a delicious place to come and savor.  
We had to taxi over to this place and then arranged for the driver to pick us up after we were done.  We raved about it so much that it peaked his interest.  We arranged to have him take us the airport 3 days later, and after we thanked him and said our goodbyes, he said he was headed over to Coulis for the Egg Benecio.
I would give this place a 6th star just for those two words - Egg Benicio (aka Eggs Benedict)
Love you, miss you!Pulled pork, poached eggs, an amazing hollandaise sauce, jalapeño cornbread...what more can you ask for. 
The staff was very friendly and welcoming. From the moment we walked in it smelled amazing. Delicious and comfort food, exactly what you want for Sunday Brunch. 
If you go, they do have a small TV so you can watch whatever game is on. 
Go with friends, have some laughs and some good food! 
Buen Provecho!Great place for breakfast. Lots o locals, food is delicious. Worth 5+! Omelet and French toast were divine. OJ natural. Portions are generous and staff very friendly. A must go place!Eggs Benedict ... best tasty the modified cornbread. Much better than other eggs Benedict I've tried elsewhereGreat brunch! Sat at bar and the staff were all very friendly and welcoming. Food portions were more than ample and truly delish!delicious. Can't go wrong on this menu. I really reccomend the hash browns!My fiance and i both had the huevos rancheros with pulled pork (named after our waitress Shaunna) and we both loved it. Its definitley a spot where locals eat - tucked away near Touro medical center. The atmosphere is relaxed, and the two waitresses provided outstanding service and were friendly and funny! Would highly recommend especially if you need your fill of coffee refills - my cup was never empty :)Love this place more than I can say. Eggs Benecio is the bomb! I always get it with the pork on the side bc I don't eat pork, and my husband puts the pork on whatever he's having. Cornbread is amazing. I add side of potatoes for extra yum. It's a simple diner with friendly people and good food. Worth whatever wait you have to endure.This restaurant was amazing. All of the employees were super nice, the food was absolutely incredible. The jalapeño cornbread with the pork and egg on top was to die for. I don't like hollandaise so so they put a sausage gravy on top instead,best choice ever. The pancake wrist plate, bagels and lox were nice and fresh, and the French toast was sweet and salty and soft and crunchy and ohhhhhh so yummy.I had Creole breakfast- definitely ordered the WRONG thing. The cheese grits were runny & NOT cheesy AT ALL. There was MAYBE a tablespoon of sausage gravy& the one tomato slice was small & with little flavor. However, the sourdough toast & scrambled eggs were good. $9.00 for the"Creole " breakfast( what makes it Creole I wonder? ) is definitely NOT WORTH IT. Maybe I got an off day or a different cook coz the other dishes around me looked delicious. Nevertheless,I won't be back.Had breakfast here and was definitely surprised at how much I liked it, I had the eggs creole and it was fantastic!! My group all split the ultimate French toast and it was delicious!!! Will be back for sure!!Was here last week for brunch. Very tasty indeed! Great art work on the walls, and not much of the hipster/artsy attitude from the employees. I would stop by again when l'm back in New Orleans...Terrible service. We arrived on a Sunday morning with a party of five. We were told to stand outside and wait. There was no list. We were not allowed to sit at the five open seats at the bar and two parties of four were seated before us. The waitress/hostess did not explain the seating policy or give any indication of how long the wait would be. We left.They have the juiciest burger I've ever had, but this joint is overpriced.There was a long wait, but that was OK since we struck up conversation with the friendly locals in line.  This was a really cool spot off the beaten path of the typical touristy sections of New Orleans.  
Everyone else has already said it all about this place.  Great food, wonderful service, lively atmosphere.  Would definitely go back.Went for breakfast. Had an omelet with cheese and sausage, toast and fruit and my co-eater had a pancake. Omelet was good and large. Pancake was exactly how I like it. Crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. Good service and they were busyVery underwhelming to state it simply. I don't find the menu to be anything special. It had all your basic breakfast dishes and a couple of different items, but nothing too unique. The prices aren't insane, but you aren't getting a bargain either. Definitely not worth waiting in the line that seems to form here on weekend mornings. If you are in the neighborhood for some reason and want to grab breakfast I say go ahead and stop in here if there is no wait, but don't go out of your way to come here and definitely don't wait in line to eat here!The service here is great, love the food.  Used to live a few blocks away; recently moved away and I'm a little sad that this can no longer be my easy go-to breakfast spot.This place was great. We were visiting New Orleans for a conference, and grabbed brunch here on a friend's recommendation. It was just a short street car ride away from our hotel, and the restaurant was really cute and everyone working there was super friendly. 
I ordered the eggs benedict, which was filling and delicious. It was with jalapeño cornbread and pulled pork and was super filling. It was great. 
Really great atmosphere, and I will be sure to stop back here next time I am in town.Great service and a fun environment . Eggs Benicio and Migas with chorizo were awesome. Also try the fresh squeezed orange juice and grapefruit juice. We definitely will be coming back here.Live here in nola and often go to couli's for a great, solid breakfast. The fresh squeezed oj is delicious. I always get the eggs Benedict. You get two poached eggs  served over pork debris on top of two jalapeño cornbread cakes. All topped with hollandaise sauce. It beats many of the
Higher priced over stuffy tourist spots in the French quarter. Would pick coulis any morning for brunch over a place like court of two sisters.OMG. Great breakfast find a block and a half off the streetcar line in the Garden District.Mega-treat!  Had the best omelet I've had in years.  Waitstaff is really warm and the atmosphere is super pleasant.  Had to wait to be seated, but after tasting the food, I see why.  Great little place.We came here twice. The first time my eggs were over cooked and the potatoes were an over cooked greasy mess. The next day I figured I would explain I want the eggs over medium. The white cooked and the yolk runny. I ordered french fries instead and asked for them cooked light, again everything was over cooked. When I said it was over cooked her response was "oh well you know". If you like everything cooked on an over heated grill with tons of grease this is your place. I will never return.Don't even bother looking at the menu.  Order the eggs benecio!  It's eggs Benedict with pork debris on a corn cake.  Incredible flavor combination!  You can thank me later...Best breakfast in town!!! Love this place! My absolute favorite breakfast place in NOLA!This was one of the best brunches I have had in a while!  The food was great - the server was better.  I had the Eggs Creole and it was fabulous - the coffee was awesome as well.
Will definitely return to try the French Toast - hear it is amazeballs!Might just be the best breakfast that I have ever tasted and well worth the wait.  I highly recommend the Eggs Bernicio!  The service was awesome and the food came to our table fast after we were seated and we had a chance to order our food!  You should eat here for breakfast at least once in your lifetime!Amazing breakfast/brunch! Shaunna style Huevos Rancheros with pulled pork were to die for and so was the service by our waitress Shaunna (who the dish was named after). The ultimate french toast was unbelievably decadent! No long lines. Excellent and  super fast service. A true hidden gem! You have to check it!Great menu and always consistent!  Service is spot on. Get there early on the weekends.The food is *excellent* and very consistent. There is even an option to build your own breakfast with your choice of protein, side, and bread-- and it's relatively cheap.  The pancakes are outstanding and their coffee is above average (they use a Community blend).  
My one complaint about Coulis is the spotty service.  When they're slammed (typically from 10-12 on Saturday and Sunday mornings), they rarely seem to have enough help. I feel bad for the servers on occasion because they can't seem to keep up. I usually avoid this potential problem by trying to secure a seat at the bar.  Also, when they're busy and you have to wait for a table, you must wait outside. This can be inconvenient when it's cold/crazy hot/rainy.
Overall, great breakfast spot. I highly recommend.BOOM! Coulis crushed it for original twists on corny beef hash and eggs benicio. The square cornbread base was as moist as a brownie and topped with perfectly poached eggs and tender, juicy pulled pork. The cubed corn beef was griddled into a large, cheesy potato patty, crisped on both sides. We also shared a beautiful buckwheat/blueberry pancake served crepe-style for dessert, but skipped the whipped cream. Samantha was friendly, knowledgeable about menu descriptions and accommodated excellent recommendations on our first visit. My only feedback for improvement would be to garnish a Bloody Mary with more than a lemon wedge during brunch - no biggie because the orange juice my partner ordered was freshly squeezed. We will definitely be back for more!!After 3 trips to Coulis I have decided its time to review. 1st time I went because of a recommendation of a friend to try their eggs Benedict (can't remember what they call it) with pulled pork and a jalapeño corn cake. EPIC. 2nd time I wanted a breakfast of chocolate and sweets. I ordered their French toast w chocolate chips, disappointed. I can make a way better French toast. Fat slices of a brioche style bread Soaked in cream, eggs, cinnamon, sugar, and love.  My thing is... I am great at cooking and making delicious foods, so I want to go some where that makes plates full of flavor and amazing-ness that I struggle to make at home. So basically don't go for French toast. 3rd time was by far the best trip. I brought in a bottle of jalapeño vodka to enjoy w brunch with my girlfriends. The bartender makes a great, spicy, tangy bloody Mary mix. I ordered the Huevos rancheros. Another great choice. Fried eggs on top of cheese filled corn tortillas w black beans and what they call creole sauce. Their creole sauce has flavors of tomato, cilantro, jalapeño and garlic. So it goes great w the whole dish. I'm addicted to spice (if you haven't seen a trend yet) So I added crystal hot sauce. Awesome flavor and a twist to a breakfast classic for me.
Why not 4 stars? Well because I've had the same server every time. It's been about the course of a month since I started visiting. I dont know her name but shes the only one without visible tattoos. She just lacks personal customer service and knowledge. I ordered coffee with cream. My cup came filled to the top with a side of cream and no spoon for stirring. This is a great exception to my rule of only going if the combination of service and food are spot on. I think their egg breakfasts are amazing. The pork is moist and flavorful, and wow the eggs are perfectly poached and the hollandaise sauce is velvety and tangy. Another WOW just for good measure.  
Go for the eggs, bring a bottle of alcohol (I'm pushing for vodka for bloodies), and sit at the bar with the awesome bartender covered w tattoos and wearing a "cherry beret" not to be confused w a raspberry beret, yes the song by Prince :0)..How does this place not have more reviews?! I'm literally in shock. I went to New Orleans for Mardi Gras, so I didn't really get a chance to explore all of the amazing food New Orleans has to offer, but I was staying only two blocks away from Coulis, and I actually ate here 3 days in a row for brunch. I don't care if that is over the top, but if something is great, why not go back?! 
I had their take on eggs benedict the first two days, and even though the description made me a little skeptical, I LOVED it.. and I am quite the expert on eggs benedict. It's pork on cornbread and so delicious.. just talking about it makes me want some. My friend got the huevos rancheros and he loved it. Everyone was happy with their dishes (hence why we kept returning!) For the delicious meals, it was also a pretty good price, unlike some other brunch places I've been to. 
Maybe this was only true because of Mardi Gras, but the place was also BYOB, so we brought along some beverages to give us a nice little start to the day. 
The only downsides is I found that the service could be a tiny bit slow (well it was EXTREMELY busy thanks to Mardi Gras), and you have to wait a bit - but there were 5 of us and we only waited for 10 minutes at 10am... not that bad. I can imagine having to wait longer, but I have yet to find an amazing brunch place where you don't have to wait in line. It could be much worse. 
Overall, one of my favorite brunch places, I wish they had a location in SF.Like a lot of other New Orleanians, I was truly sad to see the long-lived Blue Bird Cafe close it's doors in this location - and I was stubbornly ready to shun it's inevitable successor. But its sheer proximity - we live within walking distance - proved enough to overcome my obstinacy. These days I readily suggest it as a breakfast spot.
The diner-ish feel of the place usually puts me in the mood for straight up bacon & eggs, even though I'm a real worshiper of fancier, Hollandaise-slathered breakfast fare. Plus, my favorite thing about going to breakfast is having someone cook over easy eggs for me, which I am (so far) too inept to produce at home. But last visit I changed and ordered the Eggs Benedict, and was well-rewarded. Served with a few culinary twists - jalapeño cornbread instead of English muffin, pulled pork instead of Canadian bacon - it was richer and more flavorful than a traditional Benny. Both changes were delicious and mostly well-executed; the pulled pork was perfection, and the cornbread was tasty but on the thick side for my taste and under-baked in the center - I didn't quite finish it. And, most importantly in my book, the eggs were poached perfectly soft & runny, which created that wonderful emulsion with the sauce.
Overall, this place is a great go-to breakfast spot because of its consistently good food, mostly good service, and reasonable prices. And it's especially nice during the week when you won't have to wait out in the sun for a table!If you are debating between breakfast dishes, I would highly recommend the eggs creole or the huevos rancheros! Their creole sauce is delish! Really cozy atmosphere, great service and very friendly waitresses (and sassy if you tempt them), amazing food more than reasonably priced!I must go to lunch there too. I had the pancakes, and they are perfect old fashioned style cakes with a crispy edge. The little neighborhood Coulis is in adds to the fun of visiting. Avoid lines and go earlier (6:30-9:00) at the latest on a Sunday morning.This place was recommended by the home owners where we are staying. The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly. 
The huevos racheros hit the spot along with the bacon and biscuits. Good overall value.Eggs Benicio and the Ultimate French Toast  are must haves if you come to Coulis (pronounced koo-lee)! The atmosphere is wonderful and the staff are friendly. Very reasonably priced for how good the food is! This is definitely staying on my list of restaurants to suggest to out of town people.Went here for brunch with my family and shared a number of dishes.
- Steak and Eggs: only 2 small pieces of steak which weren't well-seasoned. But, the sauce was very good. Side of hashbrowns was just ok (expecting better).
- Huevos Rancheros: again, just OK. You have to eat it quickly or it will become soggy and not very edible. Beans were better than the cajun sauce.
- Eggs benedict with jalapeno bread: the eggs were cooked well but the bread was not very spicy or flavorful. Disappointed.
- Eggs benedict with corned beef hash: this dish was very good. Hash was spicy and tasty, and eggs were cooked perfectly
- Cream cheese stuffed french toast topped with sausage and pecans: best dish of the bunch. Sausage was a nice balance to the sweet french toast.
Overall 3 stars because of the stuffed french toast and the eggs benedict with corned beef hash.  I saw a table who ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich and that was a large portion and looked good. Drink sizes are pretty small (juices served in a small glass and the soft drinks come in a can so no free refills). Wait staff was great and friendly.Great place hiding in the Garden District in New Orleans. Had breakfast on Sunday and it was  good. The eggs were fluffy and NOT because they added a bunch of pancake mix to it. We had a vegetable omelet, a gruyere(!) omelet and french toast. The french toast was excellent according to son. They used french bread, 4 slices and at 16, he wasn't hungry after having (just) that. . The hash browns were more like homemade potato chips or something. Kind of  yummy and unexpected, but I would rather have had regular hashbrowns. A little fruit or something on the plate would have been welcome, especially to counteract the potatoes:) 
My biscuit was the best I've ever had. Better than mine. Nuff said.
The server was busy, and efficient, not overly friendly, but he was run off his feet. He did his job well and food was hot and delicious.
Super good food and they were packed with a line waiting outside part of the time that was happy to wait. In August. In New Orleans. This was clearly a popular place in the neighborhood as most people seemed to be regulars.I have been there two times and two times I HAVE had "nothing exciting about " food. There is nothing special about the food I got. This morning I had the huevos rancheros,  the presentation is unexistant, the roasted tomato  is clearly a can of chopped tomatoes with green bell pepper thrown in it( it was supposed to be a roasted tomato not tomatoe blob) black beans straight out of the can, tortilla tasting like the order of pancake made 5 min prior ....only the eggs were ok. Nothing was seasoned( if you don't season the food you make, you should go back to flip burgers at mc Do) .
I chose not to give this place another chance, I will not come back.Great Tuna sandwich & sweet potato fries. Sandwich wasn't too creamy, but portions were so big, I could only eat half. Very fast service for lunch, my guess is that the big crowd comes for breakfast. Loved that they support local artists by displaying local art on their walls. Very cute place w/ good food at reasonable price.Great breakfast place in a wonderful NOLA neighborhood! I don't think you'd dislike anything on their menu... Solid.Okay, so their eggs benedict with pork debris on a corn muffin is pretty out of this world.  However, that's pretty much the only interesting menu item that I can find (so far).  Everything else seems pretty run-of-the-mill diner food.  It is a great place to go if you are on a budget since their prices are reasonable.  No fancy coffees served here.My first time there since the Bluebird days but excellent fare for breakfast.  Reasonable prices and good portions.
Eggs Benecio were scruptious!  It consisted of roast pork debris over jalapeno corn cakes with poached eggs and topped with hollandaise sauce.  Eggs creole were a hit with our party as were the huevos rancheros.  
Highly recommend - well worth the wait if there's a line.Shame on me for the late review. *******EAT HERE****** the food and people here are amazing. Walk across the street and buy some champagne and have mimosas! Eggs Benicio - HOLY MUTHUH COW yum!!!! Cheese grits. Grits and grillades. ALL OF THE BREAKFAST FOOD IS AMAZING.WARNING
DO NOT TRY TO PAY SEPARATELY HERE!
The service at this place is horrendous. While the food is GREAT, the service absolutely ruined our experience. From the second we stepped in the door we were treated poorly. The server barely cracked the door and told us, not asked--told, us to wait outside. There was no line so there was no way for us to know to wait outside, and once out there there is really no place to sit so you're basically standing in the street. Once seated, we weren't greeted for a good 10 minutes, and it was probably 20-25 minutes before we even got to order. Don't get me wrong, the food was fantastic-generous portion sizes, the blueberry cheesecake pancakes are to die for-but the real struggle came when we tried to pay. THEY WILL NOT SEPARATE THE CHECK FOR YOU. As poor college students on a spring break trip, it wasn't feasible for one person to pay and get reimbursed, plus this isn't something you should have to do in the 21st century. After purposely avoiding eye contact with us for a good 10 minutes, When we asked for the checks to be separate, we were told to "figure out the amount" ourselves, and write the last 4 digits of our card next to the amount that we were paying. The order was not written together how we ordered, so we had to dissect it and do a solid 5 minutes of figuring out how to split up the amount. Once we had done all the work to do so, they gave it BACK to us and said the amount didn't add up. After ANOTHER 10 minutes of deciphering what to pay, the amounts still didn't add up to our total and someone just took one for the team and added the additional amount to theirs. It took a good amount of time to then get her to run our cards finally after the whole ordeal. We were not apologized to at all and were treated rudely the entire time. The food was great but the service ruined the experience. So if you want to start your day in a bad mood, come here.God, I can't say enough about this place.  I live only a few blocks and usually end up eating here about three times a week.  I have eaten everything on the breakfast menu and love it all.  The eggs are always perfect, the coffee is good and the oj is fresh squeezed.  The prices are really great for all that you get and the servers/owners are sooo friendly and know how to please.  GET HERE FOR BREAKIE IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY!!!Overall: Amazing, love it, total lifetime customer! Bummed....why am I so far. 
Pros
-came in super last minute and the staff still took our party - thank u thank u for not letting us go hungry
-service is bomb diggity
- food is like ......(insert something that you just LOVE)
- the egg creole is one of my favs, I could eat a tub full of their gravy and grtiz
- huevos rancheros 
- perfect place for the hangover cure if you want food with eggy goodness. 
Cons
- none that I can think of
Tourist Sidenote: 
- just get the hash browns, I totally should've since all the other food was so good
-The street parking (during the holidays) was kind of confusing so pay the meters to be on the safe side.Kickass food, great prices, great service. Their corned beef hash breakfast thing was life changing.Glad to be the 100th review of this place.
Stopped in this morning on my hunt for breakfast. I originally wanted to go to Surrey's Cafe because i had it bookmarked and the pictures looked amazing, so upon driving by the place, i saw there was a line halfway down the block and i decided not. Even though i was eating alone and i probably could have gotten a seat much quicker than everyone else outside, i didn't want to piss anyone off so i searched Yelp for another spot and found Coulis.  I remember coming here a few years back and it was a different place but it appears that the spirit of the food from before has stayed with the location.
Helped myself to the Creole eggs and it was a delightful blend of spices and seasoned to my liking. I only had to add a dash of pepper and it was ready to go, and that it did! I think my waitress only got to her first "how's everything" before the plate was ready to be placed right back on the shelf! Washed it all down with a glass of OJ and all was OK.
I love my city and how you can never really go hungry if you have a desire to eat, if one place doesn't work, theres eighty more options!
Good job, i'll most likely be stopping by here during my Mardi Gras biking for breakfast!Fantastic breakfast food. Is a bit busy on weekend mornings, but that's really the only complaint I can imagine leveling at the placeFeels like a home-cooked meal every time. Love the sausage patties and crispy bacon. Yummy! And you might even see someone famous! The staff is warm and friendly and treats you like family (maybe even better.)Coulis has an artsy, bohemian vibe. While only a few blocks from St Charles Avenue, it feels off the beaten path. Parking is on the street. The staff were very friendly. We had their breakfast special of an omelet stuffed with chorizo and cheese served with sour cream, avocado slices, and pico de Gallo. It was a very flavorful and delicious dish. It was served with cheese grits which were smooth and creamy. We also had biscuits and gravy. The gravy had a smoky flavor and was a hit at our table. The biscuits, while good, were a bit heavy. The last dish we ate was French toast. It was light and fluffy. Overall, a very good dining experience.De-f***ing-licious. I had the special--griot(sp?) over flash fried pork served with 2 eggs any style and grits. The food came out quickly and hot. I forgot to ask the price, but it came out to $12 and it was worth every penny. Brought out water and coffee right away. Refilled the creamer right away. Free refills on coffee and water were timely and frequent. Don't expect any mimosas or bloody mary's (although that would give this place another star) because they don't serve any alcohol whatsoever.
My man had the huevos rancheros. It was not good. He thought it was okay after he smothered it in tabasco sauce but said they should have had tapatia or whatever it's called that restaurants in New Mexico use.  When I had a bite of his in the middle of eating my delicious dish it turned my mouth sour I thought it was so bad. He lived in Santa Fe for two years, and I lived there for 6 months. This place has nothing on real Santa Fe cuisine and could use a refresher course if that's their thing.  But besides that, they can cook breakfast and creole food!
Sometimes there is a line out the door, but we got lucky and were seated upon arrival. Our waiter was a bit awkward and just left the check on the table before we had finished eating, and then remembered to say, "Everything was good?" He's lucky our mouths were full of deliciousness or his rudeness would've docked a star off this rating. But I guess they're so busy they have to keep the tables moving and we didn't want to order anything else anyway.
Since we live nearby we will probably make another trip back for lunch and another for brunch before our lease is up and we move out of the neighborhood this summer.Walked in 15 minutes before close on a random weekday for "brunch". Food here is perfectly prepared. Got the Eggs Benecio...delish! Jalapeño corn cakes covered with poached eggs and debris pulled pork.  If you ate near Touro, it's a must!Coulis ("Coo-lee") Overall 5 stars! Great food, well done basics, good presentation, fast kitchen, convenient location, and attentive staff!
I love heuvos rancheros, and this is one of my favorites I've ever had! The amazingly tender pulled pork add-on is a must for carnivores! The regular French toast was good too, I added strawberries and bananas. The toast could've had a bit more crunch/crust, but I got the order to go, so maybe that was it. 
Small fee ($1.50?) for To Go orders. I especially loved all the friendly staff. This place reminds me of small restaurants I've worked at in the Midwest. Nostalgic!It was our last day in New Orleans and we wanted to visit the Garden District when this little placed popped up on Yelp. Getting brunch in the French Quarter can be a nightmare if you're hungry and unwilling to wait in line, so off we went to find this place which thankfully didn't take very long to get into.
The ambiance is definitely cozy and the waitresses were super friendly and perky. The paper table cover and crayons was a nice touch -- my friends and I had a grand time drawing stick figures and animals just for giggles (we were the only ones doing it though, so it was pretty obvious that we were tourists lol). Most of the other diners seemed to be the bougie residents who lived in walking distance, which was cute because it allowed us a glimpse into local life in New Orleans away from the Quarter.
Most everyone on Yelp recommends the Eggs Benicio, which I agree is very good -- but our table unanimously agreed that their Shrimp and Grits was the best dish. It was on special so it doesn't seem to be part of their regular menu, and I'm glad we didn't miss out. My friend also raved about his Bagel and Lox dish, which I'll have to try out next time.Fun and interesting brunch selection, kind service and unexpectedly great egg dishes.  We had a special plate of fruity and cocoa pebbles pancakes; eggs benecio; and eggs creole--would recommend all three.  Restaurant was clean and accessible.We were staying at the nearby Hampton Inn and decided to go here because of the good Yelp reviews. I had the Eggs Benecio which was filling and a little spicy. 
I'm giving them 2 stars because the service was surly. Not a single smile or "enjoy your meal", "how are things", or "thanks for coming in." Maybe we caught them on an off day or maybe they are only friendly to regulars. In any case, the rest of our time in New Orleans we kept referring to the unpleasant meal.I love this place. The breakfast is always amazing. The staff is so very friendly. I feel like I'm at home with my family when I eat here!  Such a relaxing and warm feeling.Went to this place during Mardi Gras 2k15. Our server was awesome, and our food came out quick and hot. Also its BYOB can't beat that!My favorite breakfast place in town! I have lived only a few blocks away for 3 years not so I have visited here often. Their eggs benicio is more than delicious and their hash browns are addictive. I am rating with a 4 stars instead of 5 because every time i order for pick up, the bagels are burnt and the hash browns are soggy and under seasoned. I would also like to see new menu items. (**their cuban sandwich is a must with their coffee**)Super tacky decor, high prices, sloppy tables. Server just dropped plate in front of me. Two eggs alone on a 7"dish  with 6 tiny pieces of jalapeno $7. Everything else truck stop quality or below. Blueberry pancakes = plain pancakes that taste like styrofoam with 8 blueberries sprinkled on top. Huh?  If it wasn't for the location near Touro Hospital (better food there, I know that for a fact), the place wouldn't exist. Locals remember the Bluebird Cafe' which used to host lines outside for breakfast. This place couldn't be further from that.Wonderful find for brunch. Small and quaint, there may be a line outside the door. Don't be deterred, just hop in line and wait patiently, the food and service are worth it. Servers are friendly and make great reccomendations, I had the jalapeño corn cakes topped with shredded pork and poached eggs w/housemade hollandaise. It was wonderful!This restaurant is in the space that was the esteemed Bluebird Cafe. We first visited 2 1/2 years ago and were astounded at the menu: eggs benicio (eggs benedict on a cheddar jalapeno biscuit with pulled pork, poached egg and hollandaise sauce...to die for!), bagel and lox (unlike any you've ever tasted), homestyle fries (potatoes are sliced thinly and are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside), Salmon benedict, Huevos rancheros (homemade corn tortillas stuffed with pepper jack cheese, black beans on the side with pulled pork and two eggs any style!)....etc.
We ate here 4 out of the 8 days (during our Jazz Fest trip this past week when we visited) and could go back right now, if it weren't in New Orleans and we are out here in CA! Long live Coulis;) We were sad to hear the chef passed away, but his memory lives on through everyone's tastebuds!
The staff are all so fun and capable, professional and friendly. This is a definite stop for breakfast or lunch!
The bonus is that you can bring a bottle of champagne or some vodka and have mimosas and bloody marys!A tiny place, cute... not so cute outside standing in the rain because there is no space for you to stand and wait inside.... but that's ok... food was great, and my love for grits started here. I had the lux scramble with grits and I was in heaven! Also the french toast and my brother's scramble was awesome too, according to him. It was a really nice start to our New Orleans trip and I recommend it.This has been my go to breakfast spot since it was Bluebird. I hadn't been back since 2005 so when the new hubby and I decided to honeymoon in NOLA this past Jan, I had to stop in.
Nothing has changed! Still great coffee, nice as can be staff and the grits...oh my lord, the grits and ham and eggs are yummy!!
Tip, salt, pepper and then mix the grits with the eggs and then take a bit with a piece of ham steak....then a bit of biscuit and sausage gravy..your mouth will love you!
Still very reasonable prices because the food was literally overflowing on the plate.
The one thing...I do not like it the new name. You will always be Bluebird to me! :)Went here this morning for brunch. The food was pretty good, but our waitress was not very nice. I don't think we'll be going back.Out of coffee and OJ on a Sunday morning and STILL earned five stars, which shows how good the food was and how nice the waitress was.  Got the bagel & lox, which comes with standard onion, cream cheese, and capers, as well as avocado.  Ate some of my friend's fruit salad, which was high quality.  Tablecloth is butcher paper; crayons are available.  We had a blast.The pancakes are truly one of the best in the nation. Service was 5 star as well. Will definitely revisit when in New Orleans.Coulis is great breakfast spot in New Orleans located where the Blue Bird had been previously. The food is great here since the chef that opened the place had left fine dining to focus on the breakfast. Shorty after it opened he passed away yet his spirit and much of his menu have been retained.  They do a killer version of corned beef hash and all the egg/omelets dishes are delicious as well.Eggs benicio was really good. TONS of pork, which was not finished, but when you get that balanced bite with the jalapeno cornbread... impossible not to smile. 
Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had. My recommendation is to order two eggs over-easy to put on the biscuit before they cover with gravy. Its the perfect breakfast. I went on Wednesday and will be likely be back on Sunday when I come back through New Orleans.
Did I forget to say that THEY HAVE TH EBEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY I HAVE EVER HAD?As the brunch tour continues, take two at Coulis was a great success! Stop in if you're ready for a lazy and tummy-filling Sunday morning; the wait was typical for breakfast and the meal was an average large plate for New Orleans.
Coulis manages to hit your Southern craving without putting you into a coma from butter, oil, cream, or cheese. Each plate that was ordered could have fed 2-3 people and their take on traditional treats like Eggs Benedict and huevos rancheros brings variety to my favorites. 
*Great spot to bring parents or visiors, and it's BYOB ;)Another favorite brunch spot in uptown New Orleans. The staff is very friendly and were quick to take our drink and food order. The eggs Benecio is the best dish on the menu. The jalapeño cornbread makes it Devine!! Lovely brunch we will certainly be back again!Finally stopped in to grab breakfast while visiting my mom at the hospital. Coulis is conveniently located to the hospital and the staff was very warm and welcoming. I ordered a ham, bacon, and cheese omelet. Along with fruit and a biscuit. Everything was fresh but I didn't enjoy the thick slice of ham in the omelet. Future references I believe you all should chop up the ingredients it will taste much better. I also noticed you have to pay for every single item for breakfast as if it's a steak house. The standard omelet was $9 and only included cheese had to pay $1 extra per each ingredient and .50 -$3 for sides such biscuit, grits. I understand you all are capitalizing off the location but a standard breakfast can get pricey. In all the the food wasn't terrible but it wasn't great either definitely have a lot of room for improvement. Hope you take this constructive criticism from a consumer standpoint to further develop Coulis. Have a great day!Ultimate French Toast was awesome. Went for Sunday brunch and there was a short wait, but we bypassed it by sitting at the bar. Friendly service, fair prices. Definitely worth a try.I know this place is popular and I suppose I am a quasi-regular, but I think I just forget about it for a week or two and go back to it. 
It is like having a safety boyfriend. You can look around for something better and when you get bored you just settle for something you know.
I would recommend getting the Eggs Benicio. It is nothing exciting,  but again this is a safety dish in a safety restaurant that you go to with your safety boyfriend.My experience here was amazing!
Our waitress was so helpful and down to earth.
The pancakes are huge and delicious. Overall, all the portions I saw looked rather large for the price. 
BYOB for mimosasThis is a decent brunch spot that won't break your bank.  Casual atmosphere, and be prepared to wait in line.  Make sure a waitress puts your name on the list before you get out of the way to wait.  I've witnessed people assume it's a first-come, first-serve policy and get left table-less.
All the dishes are safe and difficult to mess up, however I could do with more choices.  I usually order the steak and eggs, which is great for $10, and nearly impossible to cook improperly.Bleh.  If I wanted stale, hard, flavorless french toast I would have stayed at home and made it myself.  As far as the other meals on the table, they all had huge portions and said they liked their food (omelet, 2 egg special, steak and eggs, bagel and lox).  Though I don't think I've ever really heard them criticize food.   
I tried a friend's pancake (my second choice) and I'm glad I didn't choose that.  It's as big as the plate but it's really thin and no flavor.  The waitress was awesome, you can tell she loves her job.  She really made the meal more enjoyable but her awesome attitude couldn't save the food.  
Bottom Line: There's better breakfast spots in the city.I have wanted to eat here since I left 5 months, 7 days, 8 hours, and 32 mins ago. Go there now! Please tell me about the deliciousness. You will only have so many moments to eat at Coulis in your life, don't waste one!Hands down the worst food we have ever eaten. Throw slop on a plate and call it breakfast. We were not the only ones that felt this way. The table next to ours was complaining about the tasteless, unappealing mess the restaurant called "hash". How does anyone screw up corned beef hash. I ordered something that sounded good but what I got was a green mushy corn cake with gray meat piled on top. I tasted it -it was horrible! 
Do not believe the press. The food here is as bad as it gets.Stumbled upon this spot in the garden district. It's pretty old in there, they have a wide variety of food options.  Service was good and food came out really quickly.  I ordered a basic fried egg with a few veggies and salmon atop. It was good, nothing to write home about.Very tasty!  I suppose most of my review is going to compare it to Bluebird, but how can I not since Bluebird was such an icon!  
Went for the first time with some girlfriends this weekend.  There was a wait, but not quite as insane as the Bluebird line used to be.  At Coulis there is actually a list you put your name on, which I like (unlike Slim Goodies where everyone crams on the sidewalk and fights to get in!).
Menu is mostly standard breakfast/brunch/lunch fare.  Smaller menu than Bluebird but with some interesting twists such as Cuban sandwich.  I was very pleased to see a bagel-and-lox plate (not common here in New Orleans!) which I ordered.  It was very artfully plated and very tasty.  My friend had the pancakes with strawberries, and the berries were fresh, not syrupy.  My other friend had an omlet and I tried her cheese grits - yum!
Servers were nice and attentive, but not quite as funky as the Bluebird servers.  Prices were reasonable, and they take credit cards.
All in all I liked it, and will go again.tried Coulis for the first time this weekend. Ordered the eggs benedict with prok debris and the juevos rancheros - both were delicious! and the atmosphere was great. will definitely be going back.Coulis is great. I love taking a short walk here in the morning and grabbing breakfast. It's not quick and it's not cheap, but everything I've had there is at the least good and at the best, great. The atmosphere is pleasant, simple, and well orchestrated. The service is quick and cordial, and while they don't serve alcohol, they're willing to mix drinks if you bring your own. I'd suggest getting the stuff french toast, which is really quite amazing. If Coulis were just a tiny bit cheaper, it would absolutely be a five star joint, but I really have a hard time justifying spending $30 on breakfast for two. While it may have been a good $30 breakfast, it still hurts me a little bit to drop that much dough that early in the day.Had a little bit of a wait, but it was well worth it. First timer in town from Houston. Eggs Benicio is as good as advertised. Service is lovely and a nice casual atmosphere. I was alone but the staff took great care of me.Normally I wait to review a new place until I have been there a few times. Sometimes, though, if the experience blows me away, I do so right away. This, my friends, is the case with Coulis.
Backstory-breakfast is my favorite meal.  I can eat eggs over easy and bacon for every single meal every single day and be very, very happy doing so. Now that you know this about me let me also say that lately I have been to many breakfast spots in the fine city of Nola and mostly I've walked away saying "ehh". Don't get me wrong here...there are some great breakfast spots here...but I want to be BLOWN AWAY. And I haven't been. Until Coulis.
This unassuming restaurant served me the best breakfast ever and has earned a lifelong customer (moi) here's why:
Eggs over easy- just that. All too often I'll ask for my eggs over easy and get ummm....something else. Yolks hardened or whites undercooked. Hello? Eggs over easy means whites cooked all the way through and the yolks still soft and yummy and ready for some toast to be dipped in them and devoured. Am I right?! They do eggs over easy soooo good and soooo right here.
Hash browns! Man. Coulis has the BEST hash browns EVER. I know that's a big claim but I stand behind it. They aren't chunks of potatoes and they aren't shredded potatoes. The hash browns here are thinly sliced potatoes with amazing and freaking delicious sautéed onions thrown in the mix as well as a sprinkling of green onions topping them. I'll pause so you can read that again.  
Yeah. They are fantastic.
Service- my waitresses (yes that is plural) were the female versions of Cheech and Chong. I was waiting for one of them to say "yeahhhhh, man" when I asked for more napkins. They were efficient and friendly and totally New Orleans.  
I love it here and really can't wait to go back!