In all of New Orleans and all of Materie, this is perhaps the best food I've had here. It's one of the best foods I've had in general. This place is super cute and has a very eclectic charm to it. They repurpose everything and even use tin cans to give you your bill. I had the fish tacos and Blondie for dessert. The Fish Tacos were amazing, the fish was super fresh and the toppings had a beautiful light zesty and savory flavor. The flavors were very well balanced and even the sides were amazing. It came with some savory beans, cajunish rice, pickled slaw and guacamole. The fish was very fresh, no pungent smell or taste, flaky and beautifully seasoned. The Blondie was heaven, it wasn't overtly sweet and the icecream was velvety. My friend had the Molly Ringwald cocktail and it was just refreshing (I had a taste of course). I usually don't like rose flavors, but this was downright pleasant! Do yourself a favor and head on down here, but beware, like all hole in the wall places, parking is a disaster.Great food , great service - wished we'd walked that way down Oak Street sooner in our visit!Great off maybe the beaten path where we could
take the trolley car back  to Canal.  Menu is creative with many options that sound great to not. Both vegetarian and meat options. Kale salad was excellent with some citrus and not bitter at all. Harvest burger was a big firm pattie of beans and rice etc.  Worth going!!I've been to Cowbell twice now, and I must say judging on food, this place was amazing! I ordered the special that day, which happened to be the lamb burger, and it was amazing! The burgers are really juicy and come with a variety of choices. Their fries were also delicious and paired great with the aioli sauce that Cowbell makes themselves. Their macaroni and cheese was also delicious! The waitress that I had was very sweet and checked on us numerous times. 
HOWEVER, the second time that I went there. It was about 40 minutes to closing time,  the host asked us how many people we had to a table. Our answer was four and he then told us that they were closed. As he told us that, his friend (who was a waitress there , I believe) decided to stand by and laugh at us. We later then called Cowbell and asked if they were closed. Just as we thought, her answer was NO. 
Overall, the food is absolutely amazing and it gets extra points for being organic. But beware of the host who is a white caucasian male, probably in his early 20s, wears glasses and has dirty blonde/light brown short wavy hair. He lies and is a horrible host. That is all.Excellent food and atmosphere. The housemade sauces they give are delish. I had the chicken salad. It was perfect with the goat cheese. Very glad we stopped here.Cowbell definitely exceeded our expectations. It was slightly hard to spot at first due to their renovations; however, as soon as we walked in we were instantly impressed. Very cool, eclectic vibe. From the hostess stand, to the light fixtures, to the artwork, all original to set the atmosphere just right. We sat down and were instantly greeted. Our waitress was exceptionally nice and attentive. By far some of the best service we have had in New Orleans at a hamburger spot. The menu was fun with creative ways to catch your attention and easy to follow with many organic options. Did I mention the gras fed beef? Definitely a plus for us. We ordered the Cowbell burger, fish tacos, the love Brussel appetizer and a side of vegetables. Cowbell did not disappoint. Our food was incredible. We can't wait to go back for more.I am late to the Cowbell trough but I hope to make up for lost time. So far, my two visits have been absolutely fantastic in every sense.
   Despite its funky post-industrial exterior on a once forlorn but up and coming section of the ever evolving Oak Street, Cowbell is a comfortable and welcoming restaurant with very friendly staff and enough space to stretch out a bit (key when you might have to unbutton some garments after the generous portions of delicious edibles available). The Gulf Shrimp Quesadilla, with Black Beans, White Cheddar, and Chayote Slaw is even better than it sounds, the shrimp perfectly fresh and prepared. I know most veggie burgers have a deservedly awful reputation, but Cowbell's House Made Brown Rice and Red Bean Harvest Veggie Burger is absent the usual leaden texture and weight and so very tasty (especially with some cheddar, avocado and the house made ketchup). Too many carnivores have elected Cowbell the place for the best burger in NOLa that I will not deign to argue and the mac and cheese is special trip worthy.
     I look forward to working my way through the rest of the menu as well as the delightful looking specials.Ok ok this is going to be a big bold statement... but it needs to be stated. The best hamburger in all of New Orleans lives at Cowbell. Get it medium rare with the pimento cheese and the farm egg on top. YOU WILL DIE. It's somewhat mind blowing honestly. 
Aside from this wicked burger, everything else i've tried has been phenomenal!!!! The figgy toast is a complete mouth party. And the brussel sprouts are out of this damn world. I seriously could go on and on. 
If you like intricate flavor pairings and quality food, don't pass up cowbell. Ever. If I had endless funds, I would eat here every single day. Who is the chef here? I need to meet this person. He's a flavor artist. Or she. Whatever.  
Cowbell is one of my favorite restaurants in this whole entire city. State. World. I'd eat here over Commanders Palace. Done and done. Thank you and goodbye.Very pleased.  What great ambiance.  Small very nola.  I am a local artist and enjoyed your mockingbird series!!!
Figgy toast.  Wow.  Shared with a friend.  Andouille.  Figs.  Toast.  Blue cheese.  Perfect.
Mac and cheese?  Thank you for telling me so...  on the menu.  Shrimp quesadillas and slaw!  Yummy.
I will be back to venture further!Now since I'm home in California, I just wanted to update that we voted Cowbell as having the best mac & cheese we have had any place... Even in California. It had a little bit of a tang like perhaps a Parmesan or Guryere cheese, it was creamy, the noodles weren't overcooked, and it was just the best mac & cheese we've ever had!OMG def one of the best mac n cheese in the US!! The dish had 3 types of cheeses and poblanos which gave it a very unique flavor. The host wasn't very welcoming at first but it's quite understandable and definitely worth the wait. The night we went the soup special was duck confit was delicious. This place was def a must to go to when in NoLa.Don't call it a burger joint. They're cooking up amazing sauces and entrees. It's an amazing restaurant. Delilah's service was on point, thank you! Food came out at perfect serving temps with an excellent flow. Environment was so relaxing, the decor was unique and the seating accommodating to all party sizes. (The restaurant is designed in what appears to be an old gas station in a really cool location). 
Mac and cheese was off the hook. Pear and Brie soup was so sweet! The burger was perfection! Gotta add the housemade pimento. I recommend for two people splitting things in half. The food is so satisfying that just a little is fulfilling.Love this place!!!! The food was beyond delicious. Grilled chicken was tender and juice. I could eat the collard greens daily!!! The waffle was fluffy and light. My mother had the burger and fries. It was delicious as well...fresh, thick homemade patty that melted in your mouth. They also had the best homemade pickles ever!!!! Drinks were tasty creations. Although I was completely full, trying the blondie with homemade ice cream was a must. I'm so glad I did. It was fabulous!!! Cowbells is a must when in New Orleans!!!Service was friendly and fast, burgers were great. Its 10.95 for the standard burger and fries, dollar extra for cheese or special toppings, worth the money.  Probably the best burger uptown right now, and one of the better ones in the city. Plus, all the meat is organic and grass fed which is awesome. My girlfriend had the apple pie, she said it was the best she's ever had.I visited Brack May's Truck Farm Tavern in St. Rose first and was utterly amazed... The next day I went to Cowbell and was even more impressed. The entire experience at both of his restaurants were worthy of 10 stars but sadly Yelp only allows 5.  As I said about Truck Farm Tavern I will say about Cowbell "it was a culinary adventure into an utterly divine world of flavor"Arguably the best burgers in NOLA but I'd say Company Burger gives this place a run for its money. It's expensive (about $13) but I think the price is worth the burger you get. You're always full at the end of the meal. Although I'd like more burger options, what's on the menu isn't that disappointing. We got the bacon with Zinfandel onions added to our burger and the bacon and egg one... neither were disappointing choices. There's a pretty decent beer list as well. If you aren't rolling over with indigestion after your burger be a champ and order the chocolate cake (appropriately named Chocolate City).Best burger in New Orleans. I had it with egg, bacon, and cheddar.The burgers here are awesome: juicy, cooked to request (I ordered medium and it came perfect), and come with a side of rustic fries with sea salt.  They have two homemade sauces: a ketchup-like thing and an aoli-like one.  While they are good on their own, I recommend a mix for the ultimate in condiment heaven.  The price is right too, about $11 for a burger with fries.
For those who head to esplanade for their burger fix:
A "port of call" can refer to one of two things: and intermediate stop for a cargo ship or the final destination for a cruise ship.  If you've had burgers from both places on your quest to find burger heaven, you'll see that it's actually cowbell that is the latter as Port of Call on esplanade fulfills the former.I'm a big fan of a good burger.  I've hit all the local favorites many times over.  I think Cowbell may be my new most favoritest burger joint in town.
I got the Cowbell Burger with house made pimento cheese and the bun was just amazing.  I'm not one to rave about the bun usually but this was a grilled slice of heaven. Everything about the burger was just perfect.  Cooked like I asked and dressed deliciously.
I need to try other items on their menu but I may not be able to make myself order anything else now...The perfect burger?  Could be.  I had a burger with blue cheese.  As others have noted, the burgers are not huge - a bit bigger than a hockey puck, but they are packed with smack your mamma flavor.  I'll take a great burger on the small side any day over a huge patty of mediocrity.  I was amazed that a burger with as much flavor as this one had, was not greasy.  Even with lettuce and tomatoes, the roll did not become saturated. 
I knocked off a star because my gf's lime chicken dish was really good, but not great.  Also, I'm not a fan of communal seating.  The other couple at our table bitched and moaned about everything under the sun.  The homemade ketchup was interesting.  Not bad, but pretty sweet -  I would add vinegar.  Fries were your standard home-cut fries.  They were fine, but I prefer the crispier variety.  As others have mentioned, it is BYOB - which I like b/c you don't have to pay for the mark up on your drinks.  The waitress was also kind enough to bring a plate of limes over for our Dos XX's.  Wait staff was really good.  Food seemed a bit slow coming out of the kitchen, but I was hungry so not sure if that is true.
All in all a great burger place.  I want to find the relatives of the grass fed cow that gave its life for my dinner and let them know their sacrifice was worth it.The food was very quality, from the creaminess of the Mac & Cheese to the sharp cheddar used, and from the cheddar in the grilled cheese as well. The Brussel sprouts had great flavor and the ham with them was just the right saltiness. In addition, the shrimp chowder was more like: "Shrimp Chowder," "Corn Chowder," "Ham Chowder..." And by these powers combined, it became the most delightful shrimp chowder I have yet received. Thank you. 
Finally, the drinks. Both white and red sangria were up to par, but I drank the Pim-Pam or something like i...A gin based drink with mango infused tea, cucumbers, mint leaves, she lime juice, maybe some tonic water. It was incredible. If I was driving I would have just sat there and drank seven more and been in a euphoric dance with David Bowie. 
Cheers to you folks over at Cowbell.
Our waitress on top of her game and the bartender was confident and clear in her descriptions. 
My wife, my friends, and I would love to come back and see you again someday...
From Michigan, where Redamaks is and also the cold weather.OK so I've been searching for the best burger in New Orleans and well, I know I'll never find it.  It's a never ending quest.  Today I had a chance to try Cowbell and I must say the burger was.....AMAZING!  Best burger?  Of course not.  We established that already right?  Never ending quest remember.  However, this burger was an awesome burger.  Oh and hey it even had lettuce and tomato unlike that other fancy burger place on Freret St.  Fries were solid, service was great but a little slow because it was so busy and the beer selection was okay.  But damn if the beers weren't way too expensive.  But then again, the one thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars from me is the price of the damn burger.  Jesus is it WAY too expensive.  I had a burger(with bacon) and water and before tip paid $13.95.  FOR A BURGER??!!!For my first visit to Cowbell, I was on a mission to try their burgers. I wasn't sure if it was the bun or the seasoning but their burgers have taken first place in my books for best burger in the city. I replaced my fries for the mac and cheese as I've only heard good things about that dish as well ... and I concur, it was amazing!! The cheese flavor was light but not bland, just enough for you to still taste everything but not be overbearing. I can't wait for the next time I go there!!
*Edit* I think the last time I was there, it said on their menu that they don't split checks for a party of 5 or more. So bring cash (or have someone else pay for you)!!Tag Team Hospitality with Amazing Food
From the minute I walked up to Cowbell I felt like I was home. Every makes you feel so welcome. 
I arrived for lunch on a sunny Tuesday afternoon. Plenty of seats out on the patio as well as inside. I decided to belly up to the bar for this one, but I think I may stay outside next trip. 
After reading so many Yelp reviews about the Locally World Famous Cowbell Burger I felt obligated to try it out. I opted to add White Cheddar to mine to customize it. 
The dish arrived with a heaping order of fries, lettuce, tomato, onions, and their signature homemade ketchup and agogo sauce. It tastes as good as it looks. I ordered it medium and it arrived slightly pink inside. The beef is top quality. Very nice. 
The ice tea glass was bottomless. Refills were always on the way, almost with every sip. When I couldn't handle anymore tea they gave me a "to go" cup. 
Honestly, the people and the food here are amazing. Absolutely worth the trip if you are in the area, even if you're not in the area!
It kinda cool that they give you your check in a little tomato sauce can. 
Two solid thumbs up, this is a great burger joint!Another 5 star place in the N.O. Everyone was nice & accommodating.  The burger was one of the best I've had, but it got a little expensive w/ all of the extra toppings. I think it was worth it but make sure you are aware of what you are adding on. Riverbend fries were delicious, fish taco got better w/ each bite.Great food! We enjoyed everything we got. The quesadillas were the bomb...got Mac and cheese which was excellent. Tacos were amazing! And the lime chicken was very good as well ..they are stingy about some sauces. Our  waitress was great..Danielle was a delight. So why 3 stars?? They have a rude bartender who is also the co owner. If you are not a people person dont be in the service industry. She snapped at me for looking over the specials which they weren't offering anymore..i said " I am just looking ..qith a smile" but she started with giving attitude. Was unnecessary. We were with a baby and toddler and my husband's drink got spilt after two sips coz he was tending to the baby.  She( the co owner) refused to replace the drink...sayying it's his fault and would charge full amount. The drink probably cost them a dollar Something? And my husband who would have atleast  had 3 drinks decided to not order another. And decided not to come back...till our waitress made it happen. It looks like others also have some complaints about the same person possibly. There are plenty of great restaurants in New Orleans so please be nice to your customers. Never the less, we will be back thanks to Danielle!Cowbell is an adorable little restaurant with a unique vibe.  It's very relaxed and friendly.  I've only been here once and had the burger which was awesome.  One of the best I've had in the city.  It was perfectly cooked and came with a delicious sauce on it.  I can't wait to go back.Another good NoLa recommendation for us Chicagoans. Real cute decor, friendly and colorful service staff. The food is tasty but nothing extraordinary. I ordered schnitzel - as recommended by our waiter- my husband ordered a burger and tacos for my daugther. It tasted all good but so pricey! 2 mini tacos for $14 is a bit much and so is chicken (didn't realize it was chicken, thought it was beef for that price) schnitzel for $19.After a few visits, it's safe to tip my hat to Cowbell and say this is the best Burger in New Orleans. First of all, they serve French Fries. You can't have the best burger experience without fries on the side. No way about it. Most importantly the burger itself is boss. It's made to order, and tastes like friendship. I think I've found God in a Cowbell burger before... but then again it was the day after Mardi Gras. 
The offerings beyond the burgers are also pretty stellar, jalapeno mac & cheese was pretty damn good, and I usually don't care for that stuff. The go-go sauce they serve on the side is tasty, maybe a little too sweet, but they also make their own ketchup (yet another hat tip!). Good job guys!
Last but not least, the folk-art decor is done well. The staff is super friendly, and there always seems to be parking. In the case of the emergency hangover burger, you can't ask for much more.So I finally got out to try this place and it's true what they say: the agogo sauce is out of this world. The burger was good and of course it was not complete without the fried egg. Here's the thing, if Cowbell was located even remotely close to where I lived I probably still wouldn't eat here because it was just meh. I wrote earlier that the burger was $15 but that was for all the fixin's (cheese, bacon and egg) so my mistake. I also forgot that it did actually come with fries but obviously they weren't at all memorable. The macaroni and cheese was decent but take that with a grain of salt because as ashamed as I am to admit it I still eat and love velveeta shells and cheese. Judge me, I don't care. All in all it was a good experience but I'd take Company Burger or even Rally's over Cowbell, but that's just me.I've got a fever, and the the only prescription IS MORE COWBELL!
We moved to New Orleans about 8 months ago.  I asked a coworker "What is the best burger in New Orleans?"  The answer was Cowbell.  We thought the prices were a little steep, but we put Cowbell on our list of places to try.  Well, today, we tried Cowbell.
BEST DAMN BURGER EVER.  HONEST.
Its not often that a meal is so good that you sit quietly and think about how amazing it was afterwards.  This was THAT good.  It was shockingly good.
The meat was SO FRESH and cooked so perfectly.  I like well-done for burgers.  That doesn't mean I want a dry, burnt burger.  Well, Cowbell did it perfectly.  The fries were also fresh and well cooked and delicious.  We also had the Meyer Lemon Creme Brulee.  We aren't brulee people, but we love lemon.  It was also really, really good.  
The restaurant is a converted gas station with unique decor.  Definitely not a cookie cutter, chain place.  The napkins were cloth kitchen towels, the glasses were mason jars, and there was a big carafe of ice water on the table.  
Our check came to about $40 and it was worth every penny.  This is our new favorite place in New Orleans.  Can't wait to go back!Cowbell, I love you!
Appropriate staff training.  That has made all the difference.  Every time my fiancée and I come to this place, I'm always struck by how much our waiter or waitress wants to help us, wants to be part of our decision-making process.  The staff here is very knowledgeable about the food and always happy to be waiting on you.  There are no scowls here, no servers dead set on showing you how annoyed they are to be working.  And that is so very refreshing.
On this last visit, everyone at the table had the lamb burger.  Get one if you have the chance.  The lamb burger was delicious, fresh and sharp-tasting.  The staff recommends that you get it with goat-milk gouda cheese.  The fresh, clean taste of the cheese goes perfectly with the lamb.  But let me tell you this: that sauce/veggie relish that goes on top of the burger is out of this world! If you want to taste fine dining in a burger, well, here it is!
The vegetable side order was fresh and delicious too.  When you bite into it, you know that the ingredients are good and pure.  Not too much salt; just the right amount of butter.  Very nice.  
As usual, the macaroni and cheese was fantastic too.  It's really a couple of levels above anybody else's.
There's been a lot of debate about who has the best burgers in New Orleans.  Well, my friends, there shouldn't be any debate.  First of all, Port of Call is awful, terribly overrated.  Charcoal is no longer as great as they once were.  Cowbell is the best--the absolute best.  They even beat out the much-loved Yo Mama's (who, I believe is second place, by the way).     
Anyway, you get what I'm saying.  Go to Cowbell.  What are you waiting for?!Instant favorite! Best burger I've had since living in LA. Also their homemade ketchup is awesome and made with apple cider vinegar and cinnamon. I just got bacon and cheddar cheese on the burger but it was PERFECTION.Cowbell is an eclectic treat both visually and in terms of food. The atmosphere is incredible, you can really tell a lot of effort went into creating a fun vibe in the place, and its happy decor provides a positive setting for a meal that delights. The service staff couldn't have been better; I was waiting to meet some people and multiple staff members offered to bring me a beverage, and one of them obliged to bring me a cup of coffee. Our server was very kind and knowledgeable of the regular menu and the specials. The specials all sounded fantastic, and I ended up ordering from that list: chicken and waffles. The grilled chicken was moist and flavorful, the waffle cooked perfectly, and the sausage gravy over the chicken was savory in beautiful contrast to the sweetness of syrup on the waffle. The folks I dined with ordered a grilled cheese with Gorgonzola and flank steak, and a cheeseburger. They both said they enjoyed the meal. The wait times for a table and food were short, though the place wasn't very busy while we were there. I would definitely go again!Best burger in NOLA.  Short wait at lunch on a Friday.  Staff is friendly (but not too friendly).  Limited menu but something for everyone.  Appetizing daily specials.  Top quality ingredients. Overall great experience.I met my darling at Cowbell for lunch yesterday and was extremely satisfied with the experience.
The place was packed and we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, which is to be expected during the lunch rush. The restaurant itself is not very large but it has awesome decor and some community seating. They also have outside seating available. The menu is limited but is both carnivore & vegetarian friendly.
My honey had the veggie burger and I had the fish tacos. Both were absolutely delicious. The service was fantastic and friendly. We didn't have room to try dessert.
My rating is only four stars because the cost was a bit steep for lunch.i love how they have their own ketchup AND siracha mayo, i give them 5 stars for that couse is their own thing and you can put them on your chili fries wich are perfectly made in a way that the chilly doesnt just stick to some of the fries and makes them all wet and gross. KUDOS for that. Burger was awesome, staff was fun and nice. I also had the famous mac n cheese that makes you feel like your in a sweet loving home with mom cooking for you! Im not gonna get the fish tacos again, they werekinda wet and i dunno, nothing from another planet, had better fish tacos before. Again: Staff is fun and nice, they make you feel at home and they will remember me even tho i just had been there one time before hehe. Nice people! funny art.Best burger in NOLA for my money. This lovely restaurant is set inside of an old garage with the area around the pumps converted into patio seating. The decor is lovely and eclectic, embracing the heritage of the building's former location. The food is excellent. You cannot go wrong with the burger, but they offer rotating specials every night, such as the chicken and waffles on Wednesdays.
The interior is a little cozy and you might end up sharing tables with someone if you're just a party of two but that's part of the fun. The service is fast, helpful, friendly and efficient. They have a good selection of beers on tap as well as a full bar.
I recommend this place to everyone coming into town, without any reservations.Excellent, creative menu. sophisticated twists on old favorites (grilled cheese with asparagus and a date compote) as well as the best veggie burger in town.  LOTS of good stuff for the carnivores as well.  If it is cold, you have to try the hot buttered rum!I love the atmosphere and the food is great! Service is always fast and waitstaff is always super friendly and helpful. I only started going a few months ago but I've been at least 8 times. Love it!Came here with a huge group (like 15) and they were super accommodating. Great food, wonderful service. So glad that we randomly ended up here. I split the mac and cheese with a friend which was delightful. I really liked the tuna burger. Glad that we ended up wandering in here.The food is good, which is the only reason why I put two stars instead of one, and why my office decided to put Cowbell on our monthly rotation of restaurants from which to order lunch for 20-30 people.  Each person spends $12-15 so it ends up being a pretty substantial amount, and we always pay cash, so I thought they'd be happy for our business.  I called before opening hours to give them a heads up that a larger order was coming, because they acted like it was such an inconvenience the previous time), and so they'd have plenty of time to make it before the lunch rush.  As soon as I said who I was  and that I had a large order the girl who answered put the phone down and started having a conversation with the manager about how much to charge us.   She told me she'd be adding 20% gratuity because our order was "so big and complicated".    I told her my company's corporate policy is that we cannot tip over 5% on takeout and we'd be unable to order if it was over that amount. She said it was a pain in the butt to write our names on the boxes (so that we could figure out which order was which) , and that she wasn't doing it, or she was charging us 20%.   I've never seen a small business more ungrateful for a large order in my life.  We will not be ordering from there again.My Favorite Sat lunch spot for cheeseburgers, mac&cheese, brunch and Ball Sukahs. Best cocktails and great atmosphere.One of the best burgers Ive ever had.  Cheap, nice ambiance, lots of parking.  Can't wait to go back.  
The homemade sauces are outstanding.  If you love a good mayo based sauce, you'll love the agogo sauce.To die for burgers and fries. Also very fresh and delicious salads and fish tacos. Nice outdoor eating area.  Service is always friendly and fast. Good prices too.This place is great!! The service was awesome and so was the food. Glad I got the Mac n cheese and the adult grilled cheese, delicious! My friends got burgers and loved them. Overall great time and food!After living in Carrollton for almost two years, I FINALLY made it to Cowbell for Saturday brunch. My friends were sweet enough to treat me for my birthday and I'm so glad they did! Though I skipped the oft recommended burger, I can safely say my meal met the hype.
We had a 15 minute wait and ordered drinks, which we were able to sip outdoors while waiting for a table. The host was sweet enough to bring water for our dog, which was so appreciated.
Our party had bloody marys, guava mimosas, white sangria and a drink called the Molly Ringwald, all which were delicious. The mimosa was a little small for the price though.
We ordered the figgy toast (loaded with figs, but needs one more crouton gratis), mac & cheese, which was so mild and tasty, the adult grilled cheese with asparagus, goat cheese and a tomato jam, and  kale salad. OMG that kale salad...was aces. I cannot begin to express how badly I want the recipe for this salad. My friend also got the Arancini brunch special, which was topped with over easy eggs. Everything was flavorful and fresh.
My biggest "complaints" are that they don't have Sunday brunch and I had hoped they would have more breakfast-y carbs on the menu. I don't eat eggs and would have loved a waffle, crepe or french toast option! Seriously, I would be there errrrrrrrrrrrry Sunday for brunch! Please, Cowbell, hook your neighbors up!One of the best burgers in the city. I went strictly to try the burger, although they have a very good menu.
They have great outdoor seating right along the levee.
All in all I'd definitely come back again."Adult Grilled Cheese" is my absolute favorite meal off of the menu. Every time I go I have full intentions of ordering something new, but I just can't! 
My 2 year old son is also obsessed with the Mac & Cheese! He asks for it at least once a week!Ain't the cheapest burger in town, but it's arguably the best. Cowbell is located in the "hipster" uptown. Don't judge me for judging...I'm located there as well. The burger joint is located in what looks to be an old ice cream shop or milk house (did those even exist?). The menu isn't extensive, but how many options do you need when choosing a burger? What they do give you options on is .... wait for it.... condiments!!! WOOO!!! I get TONS AND TONS OF SAUCES IN MY BELLY which makes for a HAPPY me! 
Do try the Mac-n-cheese. It's really great. They boast of it being the best, but ... I must disappoint and say I've had better... way better. But, I'm something of a fancy, eat with your pinky out mac-n-cheese connoisseur. I run with the big mac-n-cheese dogs, so my opinion on whether it's the best doesn't count.
I haven't yet ventured into their other options which include fish tacos, Carne Asada tacos and a Ribeye that "makes babes cry." 
In a nut shell--- I've got a fever... and the only prescription... is more cowbell. You should too.It wasn't until my third attempt that I actually made it while it was open. I know they have the crazy hours to add to the bourgeois, hip, organic atmosphere, which is half of why I wanted to go, but definitely check the hours before leaving your house. Better yet, print them out, laminate them, and tape it to your dashboard b/c this is definitely a place you'll want to try. The food was great, kind of expensive, yes, but worth it for the "man, I should shop at farmer's markets, and ride my bike to work, and buy a goat" sort of feeling you need to have to remind yourself that being healthy and eco-conscious is incredibly important. And tasty.
I would personally try the mac and cheese, which I added a bit of their homemade ketchup to for fun...turned out to be a good idea, but it can stand alone. The only real downside was that our server seemed to be high as a kite or else really in his own personal zen-zone, because he forgot our drinks and basically us in general. Too bad, because we definitely would've bought more beer if he had checked on us.
End of story, you should go because you will love their creative menu and the absolute quality of their products, but plan your trip or you'll just end up slightly disappointed at Truburger down the street.Damn good burgers, juicy and just the right size. Homemade Ketchup and agogo sauce were addicting. Fries were good, service was good, everything good! Would eat here rather than The Company Burger, which feels so much more... sterile.What an inventive and well executed menu.  
Returning from a day at the zoo with my family we wanted to try this restaurant because of the reviews and good reputation.
I consider myself a foodie, and I was overly impressed with the originality of this restaurant.
The Quesadilla was by far the most original I have ever had.   It was not an overly loaded cheese mess, but an inventive, mild, and delicious concoction of unusual ingredients including huitlacoche (look it up) which was delicious, plus some great mushrooms, and a light touch of a delicious Mexican cheese.
The Figgy Toast was an amazing dish with a little andouille, cooked figs, served with crostini and blue cheese.  Wonderful and fresh.
Mac and cheese was good.  The hamburgers were huge and delicious, and the fries were just the way you like them.
Service is very pleasant.  Ambiance is cozy and relaxed.The food was very good. We tried the red bean and rice veggie burger. It was great. The fish taco were also very good. The service is real friendly and fun.We sat at the bar because we didn't feel like waiting for a table. I like sitting at the bar with my husband because we can snuggle while we wait for our food (sorry not sorry!). OK so the food was BANGIN'! We got two orders of fries, they were so fresh and crispy! I started with the LOVE Brussels Sprouts - bacon, almonds, grapes and YUMMINESS all around :) I had the Skirt Steak and T got the Burger - it's a BEEF kinda place. Everything was scrumptious but, specifically, the black beans and mango salsa that came with the steak. Food coma!!The space feels open and the vibe is friendly. Good beer selection. The chef definitely hooks up some creative and tasty specials. Be brave. Go for the special. 
Clam chowder was excellent. And I pronounce it chowdah, so I should know. 
Funny thing is... I like almost everything else I've eaten there over the burgers. But I tend to like burgers with a bit more fat. The beef they use is a bit lean for my taste, but the bun and accoutrements are tasty. Sauces are inspired
This spot is always a good bet. Great food. Sensible, reasonable pricing.I really want to love Cowbell. Although after my first visit, I have to say I am only in the "like" phase in our relationship. I love the décor; something of a rustic meets cute. I love the fact that they are committed to using local ingredients. It really stinks that they are BYOB right now because of the city and the stinginess as of late with handing out liquor licenses. Umm we live in New Orleans folks, you're telling me that it's better for me to go pick up some beer from the ghetto mart up the street than to have it in a nice establishment like Cowbell? Sorry I got off track for a moment. I hope that liquor license comes soon guys. So, the most important part, the food. I have to say my first meal was a little bit of a letdown. The mac and cheese had a good flavor, but a little soupy for me. The burger was missing something, I added the compote and blue cheese, but it still seemed to be a little dry and somewhat bland. The additions to my burger had a good taste, but there wasn't enough of it. I kept dipping my burger in the soupy mac and cheese. The potato roll is excellent though. I also tasted the adult grilled cheese which was smoked duck with a pepper jelly. There was a little too much pepper jelly that overpowered the rest of the sandwich.  The staff is very friendly and made us feel very welcome. This was just the first date Cowbell and because you're so cute and nice I'll be giving you a second chance. I really think that this restaurant has great potential and is a wonderful new addition to New Orleans. A few kinks to still work out, but it's definitely worth trying.Be prepared to take an epic nap afterwards. I personally like to start off with the chili-cheese fries. Then I order the burger with cheddar cheese. I skip the regular condiments and make a mixture out of the two sauces they provide. I eat more than I should and then waddle my way back up Oak Street. The Watermelon soda is pretty rad, too.My favorite burger in New Orleans. I've tried a lot of burgers in the city and Cowbell wins hands down. My only complaint is that you can't split the bill, but even that's a small price to pay compared to the deliciousness of those burgers!This is by for one of the better experiences I have had at a local joint in NOLA.  Before I start my review I know a lot of people have come here to try to the Burger, I do not think that is what they do best.  There are better choices for burgers in the NOLA area.  However, they have exceptional items in the menu besides the burger that are fantastic.
Food: I hade the BBQ RIbeye, Mac & Cheese and Waffles.  The waffle was a special with another item and I requested it with my steak which they more that accommodated.  This steak was one of the better steaks I have had in NOLA.  This ribeye was tender, juicy and perfect seasoning.  Mac & Cheese was to die for.  If you ever go here get the Mac & Cheese, they make it like no other.  Very unique.  Waffle was good but I wish it was just a little warmer, I think they made it to early and it sat waiting for the rest of the food.  I also had the clam chowder which was very light.  I like a good thick creamy east coast chowder which I still have not found here.  It still did have a good taste.  
Beer: They had some unique beers in the can and bottle which were both tasty, Boddington's Pub Ale in a can(this is a very smooth english beer, thick but tasty, and the other I tried was Blue Heron Pale Ale which was good.  They did not have any frosted mugs which was a disappointment.  This is definitely not a beer house but they still have a few notable selections, no draft though.  
Service: This would be a 4 start review but our service was absolutely phenomenal, which put it over the top.  Our server was very knowledgeable and attentive to our needs and so was the other staff.  This put it over the top!Brought a out of town business buddy here, after he commented, "I didn't come to New Orleans to eat a burger".  Fast forward to later in the night where he had facebooked he just eaten the best burger in his life. Couldn't write a tv commercial any better than that...
I had the lamb burger this time....tasty and good. Hopefully when I go back later in the week, I'll finally get to try te mac n cheese everyone has been ranting and raving about!Cast Iron Chickies are some of the best wings I have ever had. I will dream about them when I leave NOLA. They have just a little bit of a kick to make them totally unforgetable!I really wanted to like Cowbell.  It has such great reviews and I love a good burger.  I took my daughter there over the Christmas holidays when she was visiting.  We both ordered burgers medium rare and they were so "rare" as to be cold inside and bloody.  The mac and cheese which everyone had raved about was only average.  A couple weeks ago one of my friends wanted to try it out because she'd never been.  We were seated promptly and the waitress was attentive.  We ordered a quesadilla starter (which was again, just average) and two medium rare burgers.  This time, the burgers were medium well with no pink in the center.  It isn't difficult to cook a burger, and it shouldn't be difficult to cook a burger to order.  That just doesn't seem to be Cowbell's speciality.  Also, when the bill came for two iced teas, one starter and two burgers it was $42.  That's a lot more than we were comfortable spending for the mediocre meal we'd just had.  While I really want to like them, I will be giving Cowbell a pass from now on.I continue to be amazed at how many establishments destroy so much hard work with vent hood failure.  I was able to make it through most of the meal before my eyes started watering, but I had to change clothes and shower immediately after leaving.  Vent hood failure notwithstanding, the place looks great and the food was pretty good.  I was craving a hamburger and enjoyed what I got.  It was above average.  Competent but not outstanding.  Likewise for other things we ordered.  The exception was the desert which was very, very good.  I wouldn't consider the prices to represent a value.  They weren't so high that I wouldn't return, but If you are sensitive to prices or looking for a value, this isn't the place for you.Good food and loved the cocktail menu. Their mac and cheese is TO DIE FOR. 
Wasn't too impressed with their menu having a limited selection of options for plates. Most of the appetizers and small plates sounded the most appetizing. Apparently, their burgers are what people go there for. I did have their burger of the day which was delicious, but it wasn't anything too special as far as a burger goes. Would love to see them extend their menu past just sandwiches, burgers and salads. They have some other things but not a lot to choose from.Ugh cowbell.... How you've let me down... I went last night with four of my friends at 8 pm. They told us it was going to be a 25 minute wait and refuses to serve us despite there being a plethora of open tables. Once seated, we ordered as usual. The food took a full hour to come out and our waiter never came to check on us or alert us of our foods status. Granted when the food came it was good, but the service was terrible. Be ready to wait a long time and put up with some indifferent staff while you wait for food.Unless I am out of town, I find myself at Cowbell at least once a week, and they can honestly do little wrong in my book.  The best macaroni and cheese I have ever tasted, salad served with a just-sweet-enough house made vinaigrette, and of course the burgers.  I haven't actually explored the menu in much depth, because other than occasionally being lured off the beaten path by a particularly striking special (if you are ever there when the lamb tacos are being served, drop everything and order them immediately), I get the same burger every time.  Perfectly seasoned natural beef, a delicious soft bun with just a bit of crunch, crispy fries with coarse salt and their amazing and distinct homemade ketchup...I don't know what else I could ask for in a burger.
I have to admit that my experiences haven't been perfectly consistent.  Once or twice I have gone during a slow weekday lunch and encountered a cook who either forgot my burger on the grill or became pretty confused about the definition of 'medium rare', but as often as I have gone I consider that a great track record - and even then the meal was not bad, just average.  Combine all of the amazing food with the attentive, friendly, and all-around lovely waitstaff and I probably have to just go ahead and call Cowbell my favorite restaurant in the city.Cowbell achieves on all levels: the atmosphere, service, food, and drinks/cocktails are all top notch! The vibe and decor are funky but coherent and thoughtful- not simply a hodgepodge; it is a fun place to be, whether dining inside our outside on the covered patio. The food is SPECTACULAR! We had the classic house burger (we took our server's recommendation to add bacon and a fried egg) and the carne asada tacos.  Both were fabulous.  I would say, the best burger in New Orleans.  The bar menu is noteworthy as well, with several interesting styles of drinks, such as a variety of house gimlets.  The devil is in the details with restaurants like this one, and Cowbell gets it so right.  We will definitely be back! Highly recommend.I'm surprised I haven't written a review for Cowbell yet! I've been here a few times so I want to write a review for two of the things I ate.
Visit one I got the Locally World Famous Cowbell Burger (natural, grass-fed beef burger with toasted potato roll, lettuce, tomato & onion, hand cut fries & our signature ketchup & agogo sauce $14), even though the name is a bit pompous the burger is very delicious. 
Visit two I got one of the specials, it was a grilled cheese with zucchini and side salad. The salad had a sherry-maple vinaigrette which was delish - I got the dressing on the side and just added as I went. The grilled cheese was very buttery (but very good) and wasn't the healthiest thing I could have ordered. Every time I bit into the sandwich I thought the zucchini was avocado! My sandwich with an iced tea and tip ran me about $21.
I would come here again and get the burger, it is just that good! One of my coworkers got the Equally famous Cowbell Harvest Burger which looked like nasty meatloaf on a bun... I would not suggest getting that if you are looking for a burger substitute. 
Both times we sat outside because it was a nice day :DI had fish tacos and were amazing. Will return again and again as everything looks so delish!Excellent food, but never ask to pay with more than one card!  Simple math eludes them, they cannot evenly divide a bill on two cards without having to slap themselves in the forehead!This place had me at its decor. Great outdoor seating area, kitschy decorated interior and bar. The staff was all very nice and my waiter could not have been more attentive or professional. Although I was tempted by many of the menu items most famously the Mac and cheese and the adult grilled cheese... I went basic and went for their homemade veggie burger. This thang wuz THICK...which didn't stop me from finishing it. EEWWWUUFFF...I am still full the next day. But dam was it good...throw in the fresh cut fries and special home made ketchup and spicy aioli sauced and there you have it ladies and gentleman you have your 5 star experience. 
Ok...ok...I'll join the club....MOREEEE COWWWBEELLL!!!Ok, so, I avoided this place for a long time because I'm not a big hamburger fan (yes, we do exist).  I have several friends who are, and they love this place.  Usually when they go here and I'm invited, I would just bow out.  But, I have found out that they have pretty decent fish tacos--Not blow me away, awesome fish tacos, but good enough that if my meat eater friends just have to go here, I'm happy to come along.  
I like this place more for its cool feel.  You really feel like you're sitting in a southern dinner once you walk in.  I love the use of mason jars for light fixtures and other re-use of car hardware for decoration.  As Shannon S. said "folksy art.......meets gas station"
Not the best food, but a fun spot every once in a while.I enjoyed the hell out of my burger... I didn't like the wine reduction compose that much.. The burger was good without it.Very good hamburger.  All the members
Of our party got the cowbell and everyone was happy.  Great options.  Service and atmosphere where really good.I was visiting for a few weeks and never had the time to eat in, but was lucky enough to get their burger to go after a late night at work. Wow! I went back a few days later and got it again. Fantastic! Their home made ketchup really added something too. It was delicious to go and I can only imagine how much better it'd be to enjoy hot and fresh off the grill. There's always next time...Burgers were good, fries were great 
Sauces were awesome 
Mac n cheese was good
Would love if they had Amstel light & bud light, we all had to drink miller light  
I don't think our server was pleased that the 6 of us were chatty & having fun lol
There was one other table inside when we got there 
Some of the group with my husband & I were a little loud
We left her a great tip apologized for any loudness & left to go play trivia at a even louder place ;)Mmmmm, cowbell. Everything I've eaten here has been delicious, and at a fair price. There's a reason this place gets so crowded. The mac and cheese is fab, but my favorite is the adult grilled cheese and soup. The waitstaff is friendly and welcoming despite how busy they are, and the burgers are great, too. You won't be sorry that you made the crosstown trek over to Oak St!Food was pretty good and prices were OK, but as other comments pointed out, the tone of the menu (no more than xxx number of separate checks, don't even ask) is not amusing in the least at an establishment like this.  That type of 'humor' is more appropriate at a family operated po-boy joint on St Claude Ave.  Particularly offensive are the 'rules' posted at the hostess stand.  While waiting for a table, another patron was prevented from approaching the bar to order a drink while waiting for a table.  The hostess said she had to get it for him.  Needless to say we both rolled our eyes at each other after that encounter.  Also, communal dining is rather dreadful.  I am not a fan of sitting next to a stranger, much less one with a child, or someone with body odor.  Next time I will opt for Company Burger on Freret where the tables are private and there are no house rules.  Really a shame, because the food is good and the waitress was rather nice.I just wanted to give everyone at Cowbell a shout-out, I miss you guys soooo friggin much! And I want that Chicken Arugula Salad! I still can't recreate it the way y'all do it... that thing is made with luv & magic :) keep up the fantastic work you do! XoxoxoMy favorite burger in Nola. Hands down. Keep it up y'all!! 
Oh and that mac n cheese? Yes, order it, no you don't have to share ;)This was my best burger in New Orleans.  Biased review alert.  I was training for a race and had just finished running like 12 miles.  So I was kind of hungry.   12 miles might be an exaggeration.  It felt like 12.
Anyway, I immediately ordered the locally world famous cowbell burger with a fried egg and large chocolate milk shake.  Burger was no problem, but they don't have milkshakes.  Got a coke instead.  Boring but well carbonated.  So carbonated, it made Shari V's nose itch.  That's when you know you have some serious fizz.  So the burger was not a behemoth.  Modest in size but bold in flavor.  The bun was a toasted and buttered potato roll.  Dressed with fresh lettuce, onion and tomatos.  Single patty cooked medium and well seasoned.  I loved how they seasoned the burger.  Near perfect bun to patty ratio.  Excellent.  5/5  
Fries were handcut and also seasoned nicely.  I could go saltier....so I did.  That's what salt shakers are for.  The meal is served with house ketchup (Heinz also available) and some other sauce.  I cannot remember what kind, maybe a house aioli.  Mayo based I think.  
We had an excellent meal.  Service was pretty decent.  Our waitress was not a friendly woman, but she was prompt with our orders and checked on us appropriately.  Ambiance is really casual.  Good amount of seating with a great patio.  
I will definitely repeat Cowbell.  This is my new go-to burger place.  Still, my search for the perfect burger continues.  Does it ever end?My husband and I live very nearby and we would order their burgers as takeout ALL THE TIME! When Cowbell first opened, their burgers were always cooked to medium perfection with golden, crispy fries. But, I think that we are sadly going to have to go on a Cowbell hiatus to see if the quality improves. The last few burgers we have gotten have been overcooked (we order them medium everytime), the fries have been undercooked and the bacon (which is extra) is very greasy and without any crisp. We love the atmosphere and the employees/co-owner Krista are always extremely friendly/recognizes me when I come in to pick up our order. But, I just can't see spending rougly $40 after tip for sub-par burgers.The burgers were delicious! I visited there this past weekend. I had the Cowbell burger with egg and bacon added on. I definitely will go back. The beef comes from farm raised animals. The place is small, but is cute and laid back. Reminds me of Cali restaurants for some reason. Definitely a place to try if you are in the neighborhood...or not lol!Great burgers and clam chowder! I got a burger with Swiss cheese and the zinfandel/bacon/onion compote - one of the best burgers I've had in a while. The staff was also really great and super helpful!This is a FANTABULOUS lunch place!!! Dipping sauces for you hand cut French fries!!! Great hamburgers, great fish tacos, great salads!!! Awesomeness Mac -n- cheese (if you DON'T order this others WILL shun you!!!) and goodness DO NOT FORGET to save room for DESERT!!! Great apple pie and other daily specials !!! !!!My partner and I enjoyed an evening at Cowbell this past Friday night, the first time for a while. I previously had a so-so experience, so wrote it off as 'good, but not my favorite.' But my most recent visit was top notch. Service was exactly as it should be, the food was amazing, and the ambiance was attractive. 
The servers were fairly knowledgeable of the menu and were personable, but weren't intrusive into our dinning experience. They were able to answer questions about the beer menu, as well as about specific dishes on the menu.
I had the Cowbell Burger with pickles, cheese, and redwine/bacon/onion compote. I asked for a rare burger and it was cooked perfectly. Honestly, I've been on a search for the best burger in New Orleans, and I think this one just snatched the lead from Le Petite Grocery. 
For a shabby-chic restaurant, the prices are reasonable: $13 for a burger and fries, plus some change for toppings. 
One negative about the food was how messy the burger was. I had a hard time eating it like a burger and had to finish the last few bites with a fork and knife. But hey, it's a burger!It has the charm of your aunts farm house and the food of an upscale burger joint.  the homemade ketchup was delicious.  Chef Brack has a good sense of humor and it shows in his playful use of bold flavors.  When I saw the note on the menu about a $1,000,000 corkage fee that will be donated to pay off the national debt, I knew I was in for a good time.  My only complaint was that my med. Rare buger came out medium, but it still tasted too good to send back.  Skip true burger and go to flavor country.Despite our best efforts, life gets cluttered and stressful and difficult. Pets get sick; weird in-laws visit without notice; your normally lovely wife turns into an angry vampire during finals...you know, stuff. Then you discover a place that looks like a movie set was plopped down out of nowhere, and it's exactly right. Enter Cowbell. 
My ladywife and I were both pretty wobbly when we got off the streetcar at Carrolton and Oak. We agreed to walk "all the way to Cowbell", but it better be worth our time. It was so tempting to stop at any of the restaurants we passed (Jacques-Imo's with no line on a Friday night? Ninja isn't busy?), but we promised each other a dinner of veggie burgers and hand-cut fries. A promise is a promise. 
As we staggered in, reeling from a condition known as FEED ME FEED ME NOW, Cowbell looked more like a gas station from New Mexico than a restaurant in New Orleans. As I reflect on that memory, I have no idea why I even thought such a thing. I do know that I told at least one server that information. Our drinks were prompt, and the service was...hrm...simple. It seemed like they were employing high school and college aged kids, which I approve of. (I waited tables in high school, too. It was a good job.) There wasn't the usual New Orleans flash, but we were taken care of by good folks. 
We both ate the same thing: veggie burgers with lots of their house-made agogo sauce. This is the best veggie burger I've had in a restaurant thus far, and I've been poking at veggie burgers for neigh on 16 years. I doubt there was any soy in this patty; it was beans (but not the spicy black bean patties that taunt me) with something sweet potato flavored in there, too. Maybe that was the bun...? No idea. I only know that I was floating in very happy clouds made of agogo sauce. 
Speaking of agogo sauce, I was actually given the recipe to make it because the restaurant doesn't sell it. But they should. (Our server told us at least one customer has stolen a bottle of it by slipping it in a purse. And that customer wasn't me, but it might be me in the future.) This stuff is serious goodness. This sauce made my "No, I don't use sauce on anything, Trinidadians don't like sauce" wife beg for more sauce. 
The dessert menu is also simple and sweet. They have a great flourless chocolate cake, and the apple pie is actually an individual serving that resembles a small danish. I ordered my apple pie with a slice of cheddar melted on top, and the servers were really entertained by my weird tastes. I was entertained by them. Please tell me I'm not the only person in New Orleans who enjoys some cheese on their apple pie.
I liked the family-style dining. I did not like the big tvs on the walls, even though they were turned off. I liked the decor. I'm not sure how I feel about the restrooms being right by the kitchen. 
The long walk down Oak Street felt like going to a different world, where nothing bad ever happens and nothing can bring me down. It was nice. Next time, I'll bring my favorite beer, too. 
Accessibility notes: The only entrance to the restaurant is up a narrow set of stairs. No braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak times.I really only have two problems with Cowbell.
The first is probably nitpicking, and has to do with the time of day that we've been going to eat there. We tend to eat early because we are dining with small children, and I know that that doesn't allow the restaurant which we dine to get fully into their groove. That said, each time we've gone to  Cowbell, we have waited longer than I thought was reasonable at the end of the meal for our check.
All things considered, however, it is well worth a little annoyance for the food.
The other problem is really my problem and not Cowbell's.
So the problem is I know that there is a full menu and from other people's reports the other items on the menu are fantastic. My problem is that the Bar-B-Q ribeye served with asparagus over a bed of mac & cheese is so freaking good that I cannot help myself and I've ordered it the last two times I went and ate the remainder of it when my son ordered the first time we went.
I've heard great reviews of the fish tacos. On my first visit I had a cheeseburger with blue cheese and caramelized onions and it too was flat-out slammin'.
And my wife, who is not really a vegetarian, really enjoys the veggie burger.
I promise the next time I go I will have something other than the Bar-B-Q ribeye to report on.
But I'm telling you if you only eat one thing at Cowbell, have the ribeye. You won't be disappointed.I arrived later than expected, mostly because I couldn't decide where and what I wanted to eat. After deciding on a steak I had narrowed my choices to RUE 127 and COWBELL. Cowbell won simply because I wasn't in the mood for a fancy restaurant where a single diner could feel out of place.  I go out alone to treat myself.  I could just as easily cook at home, but then there's the cleaning, just having to wait on myself. I enjoy being treated and served every once in a while. 
I found a seat at the bar, it was absolutely empty except 3-4 tables in the small dining room. It was 930 when I arrived, and they closed at 10.  So this was understandable.  I ordered quickly.  Started out with a Fruit Fly cocktail consisting of lemonade, vodka, ginger, and mint (?). Delicious and served on the rocks in a sugared rim glass.  For my entree I picked the BBQ ribeye, ONLY because it was served with mac and cheese, asparagus, and onion rings. I had been told to try the mac and cheese, and as a small child at heart, mac and cheese is one of my many food obsessions. 
My entree came out in under 15 minutes. Stacked high with onion rings, perfectly charred ribeye, and creamy mac and cheese. WOAH! The mac and cheese was creamy, darn near perfect, no complaints here.  Onion rings were hot, crisp, and made of red onions, and the steak? about 8-10 oz of nicely seasoned and grilled meat.  I am not one to order a steak in a restaurant, normally get fish, or chicken, but tonight I was craving red meat. I opted to pair this with a red wine from Spain.  I stay away from American wines, and tend to order the international varieties. I was served a glass of $9 in a tumbler. TUMBLER? I still prefer a wine glass, stemless or stemmed, it allows swirling, and the wine to breathe.  This may have been the only negative aspect of dining here. Anyhow, this wine was perfect, good temperature, generous pour, tasty. 
Finished my dinner and decided to take home dessert, as it was 1015 and the restaurant was closed and I couldn't make anyone stay open for me to enjoy dessert.  They were featuring strawberry creme pie and a blonde brownie with housemade espresso icecream. Of course I took home the brownie.  On the side I received vanilla custard, caramel sauce, ice cream, and a brownie.  This seems to be a common accompaniment to brownies....hm.... maybe the 2nd down fall of this restaurant. The ice cream was so bitter I could not enjoy it even with the sweet caramel and brownie, maybe I just dislike coffee/espresso flavored ice cream. The brownie was excellent, moist and very flavorful.
Overall? I will come back, even if it is just for mac and cheese and a cocktail.  I hope you enjoy your visit just as much as I did.   Service was good, attentive.  Music was loud enough and enjoyable.  And the art work? Wonderful! It was nice to be able to look around and escape into the art around.Finally made it here after 6ish years. Mac and cheese was incredible. Burger was excellent as well, thick and juicy as well as cheesy! Great beer selection, atmosphere, and staff! Winner winner burger dinner!Burger and fries were good but service was horrible. There is a rule they have that people can't meet you after you are seated. It took an act of congress to have the rest of our party sit with us at our table with plenty of empty seating. The place was not even busy. Then our server made us feel uncomfortable and un-welcomed. I understand the rule but it doesn't take much common sense to know when to enforce it.So let me preface this by two facts about myself
1) I dont really like ground meat (its a texture thing)
2) I hate ketchup. (Its disgusting)
Yes, I know those are both very un-American statements, please forgive me. But more importantly, Cowbell is so good that it makes the only ketchup I will eat. It took some convincing, but my fiance got me to try it, and its quite tasty, because its homemade and not corn-syrup sweet like all the others. This is no small miracle that I actually ate and, did not retch up, ketchup. The agogo sauce its also good!
On to the burgers - even though I dont like ground meat, Ill eat veggie burgers. But no one likes some random frozen soy patty. They make their own veggie burgers out of brown rice, red beans, and magic. This is the best veggie burger I have ever eaten. 
Ive been here a few times, and gotten a few different things.... I didnt really care for the fish tacos, but the mac and cheese is great! Its creamy and fat kid and delicious. 
The service has always been really good... just a heads up, you will be seated at communal tables most likely. I dont mind at all but some people might be picky.The food here is great! If you can look past the service issues. A little pricey for the portions, but the flavor combinations are really well put together. Based on food, I would give it 5 stars, but based on unattentive service, a 3. 
I will go back, though.Cowbell is quite possibly the best neighborhood restaurant out there. It may help that it is MY neighborhood and like 100 yards from my house. The people there are awesome and fun; it's a very casual, relaxed place with fun drinks and great specials.
I think this ranks as my top burger in the city (add a fried egg to it for a good mess), but I also love the fish tacos. You can go for more of a meal as well; if so, I recommend the midnight skirt steak with plantains (of course, I recommend plantains with anything). The macaroni and cheese side is also awesome. If you drop in on Friday, you can have the best fish burger in town - Lawrence Fishburger (fun names are good too). I haven't had anything bad there yet, but I do recommend checking out the specials - they often have some very good adult grilled cheeses, which have all variety of things mixed in. Oh, and the fires! Great french fries, I recommend dipping in the agogo sauce (anything can be dipped in that amazing stuff) and their homemade ketchup. Just solid all-around. As far as food, I'm giving Cowbell a 48 out of 50.
The fun people working and the casual atmosphere are awesome. They don't take reservations so you may have a wait, but you can sit inside or outside on picnic-table-style tables (sometimes you may have to share a table, so if that's not for you, might be a problem). I'm only docking it a couple of points because of the limited seating and there are also parking challenges at times. Atmosphere is 27 out of 30.
Service is awesome! Again, the friendly and fun people make it worthwhile. They all seem to really care that they have customers and they are actually there to help you out, and not just to get their paycheck. I'm giving them a 20 out of 20 for service.
Final score = 95 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).I was in New Orleans for work & met up with a friend for dinner. I was staying in the French Quarter & my friend thought it would be a good idea to get out of the FQ. I'm so glad we did. Cowbell is a cute lil restaurant. When I say little I mean little. There's not much seating inside but there is a nice bar. The particular night I went there seemed to be a few larger groups and we were told our wait time would be 30-45 minutes. Lucky for us (Party of two) spots opened up at the bar & the larger parties didn't want them. So our wait was not long at all. 
We sat at the bar and I placed a drink order. The drink was called the 57 Chevy. It was pretty tasty. 
Now for the good stuff. The menu is pretty straightforward & not a lot of options. I actually like this because it allows the restaurant to make a few fantastic items versus a bunch of mediocre items (who says you can't learn from TV... Thanks Chef Robert from Restaurant Impossible for that line). 
So basically if you go here you have to try the Mac & cheese, burger & fries, and the homemade ketchup. Who am I to not listen to the reviews?! I ordered all of the above (stop judging me!). The Mac & cheese came out first & I did share with my friend. It was so good & I really wanted to eat it all but I needed to save room in my stomach for the entrée. 
Shortly after the appetizer arrived the burger & fries arrived. It was love at first bite. I'd definitely rank it high on the list of awesome burgers. I like my burgers cooked medium & it was cooked perfectly. It was juicy & moist as well as flavorful.
The fries and homemade ketchup were amazing too. 
I'm so happy my friend took me to Cowbell and away from the FQ. Not only is the food good but service was good too & the staff was friendly.I do not know how to respond back but thank you for your inquiry. I am tryong to recall the day of the week but cannot.  I think I posted this close to day pf visit.  I will give it another go!  Orignal post:The customer service was great but I didn't like the food.  It was bland and not worth the price.  I probably will not return.Cowbell is amazing! I am mostly vegetarian these days, and I must say, Cowbell makes the best veggie burger I have ever had! I really appreciate that the chef has obviously made having a veggie option important. There are so many burger places in the New Orleans area with terrible (or nonexistent) vegetarian options. Having a creative and extremely tasty veggie burger keeps my husband (a meat eater and big fan of both the harvest burger and the regular burger) and I coming back all the time. Their mac and cheese is also wonderful. My husband and I usually split an order as an appetizer. Also, Cowbell has lovely outside seating, a beautiful bar, and attentive staff. I can't recommend it enough!Best burger in the city. I've tried Company Buger, Tru burger, Port of Call and Cowbell was by far my favorite. It actually took a few trips here before we ventured out and tasted some of the other entrees (because I just couldn't get over how perfectly seasoned, cooked and juicy the burger was) and no matter what I ordered, I've never had anything I didn't like. 
My number one recommendation though--save room for dessert. As someone who bakes a lot and is super persnickety about not wasting calories on lame, lackluster desserts, I say with absolute confidence: Cowbell desserts are LEGIT. I will pack up extra burger just to leave room for dessert here. I've tasted a fair share of them, but the specials always seem like the way to go.Everything here is fresh. The burger was still seasoned with a great flavor.  They cook them to order and they actually deliver the temperature you request! Great cheese, a house made roll, and super fresh veggies are served with their amazing hand-cut, real potato  fries.  There are two squeeze bottles presented with the meal.  The first is a hearty ketchup that elevates the burger perfectly.  The second is an aioli sauce that goes great with the fries.  One of the best burgers I've had.Try the chicken and waffles when it is available(it was on their daily specials list)! Best meal I've had in a LONG time.Had the special burger of the day. It was an Hawaiian style burger and all the fixins were very good. Pineapple carmelized onions etc. And the homemade ketchup also very good. But the burger itself was very underwhelming and the bun fell apart. Not worth 16 dollars.  If I came back I'd order something other than the "world famous" burger. I guess it's bc the burger is grass feed but it was chewy and lacked flavor.  On a positive note the gulf shrimp quesadillas were very good.Excellent burgers with fantastic service.  Without a doubt, we will be back to the Cowbell!!!!Start with Mac and Cheese and everything else is as good as that creamy wonderful dish...
Great friendly, smiley, and engaging staff!
I love the decor; shabby chic meets New Orleans...  On the day I visited, there were horses by the front door, it added to the charm of the place for sure. 
Be prepared to share your table with others as it is communal style sitting.  Hey!  you might meet someone interesting that way.  Also, it is BYOB, but if you forget, there is a convenience store within walking distance to get you a nice cold beer or a bottle of wine.  
Home-made desserts!!!!  
Overall:  Excellent...  I can't wait to go back!This was our third day in New Orleans and we've gone to some of the traditional tourist restaurants down on Canal Street. We decided to find a more down to earth restaurant and boy did we! This place was a bit out of our way but was WELL WORTH THE DRIVE!!! I'm talking mouth watering flavors galore and an awesome feel like home atmosphere. The staff were so kind that it felt like we were with family. I'm definitely coming back before we leave for home! Oh my goodness, the food is so amazing!! Ps try the homemade ice cream, it's a wow factor!YUM-O!!
One of the best burgers I've had in a while!! It was so tasty and I enjoyed every bite! They also make their own ketchup and mayo, which made everything more tasty. I also ate their clam chowder soup, which is also very scrumptious. 
The environment is very different. When I was dining there, I didn't feel like I was in New Orleans. It was bright and the decor was cool and different. 
Two thumbs up to this place!!Their Harvest Burger is easily the best veggie burger I've ever had. Added a piece of white cheddar and a side of grilled asparagus (also fantastic) and found myself in a vegetarian heaven! 
The staff is also extremely friendly, and restaurant itself has tons of delightful art to gawk at. Well worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood!We ordered some burgers to go recently and they are back on track! The burger was juicy, bacon was perfect and the fries were perfectly golden brown and ready to be dipped in their agogo sauce!Had a pricey burger in this fun little joint. A tasty burger but a pricey petite one. Better burgers can be had for less. Fries were a bit on the greasy side, but fresh. Homemade ketchups and other sauces were a nice touch, as was the refreshing cucumber water.
The menu is overall a trendy one. And you pay for that, of course. The staff seemed dedicated to our comfort since we were there at an odd time of day & it was slow. Genuinely nice people. If you like hipster chow, you'll love Cowbell!I've tried here a few times because I heard / read all these great reviews and I just work down the street. My overall thought is that it is way too expensive for lunch, does not have any healthy options (aside from 1 salad option) and won't split checks. I'm so tired of places not splitting checks.. It's not the hard and it makes it much easier on your patrons. I did my time in the service industry for 5 years or so and we always split checks..update your POS system it is really isn't that difficult. 
Also, adding a lunch menu would also be nice.The first star is for the wait staff taking drink orders while we waited for a table outside. The second and final star is for the pleasant outside seating. As for the food, what a disappointment. First, my friend ordered the fish tacos, which looked good, but the fish was not only cold but RAW in some parts. I ordered the cheese burger, and it was decent but underwhelming. The clam chowder was a poor watery misrepresentation of chowder, and my wife's gumbo was mediocre. My wife also ordered a roasted mushroom grilled cheese that consisted of two thin slices of cheese and an overwhelming amount of poorly seasoned large chunks of chantrelles. I want to give this place a second chance, but with so many good restaurants in New Orleans, I would hate to waste another meal here.The best burgers in New Orleans. The drink specials are awesome as well.  The fish tacos are delicious as well. Great place to dine outside if weather is good.THIS PLACE IS REALLY GOOD AND I WILL BE GOING BACK THERE MANY TIMES.
I could end my review right there, but I won't. Friend of mine "discovered" Cowbell this summer and and it has become somewhat of a magnet for our group of friends for all the right reasons. 
One Star - Great atmosphere. Cowbell has a laid back, picnic style atmosphere that welcomes conversation and good food. Sitting outdoors and giant picnic tables makes for a great dining environment (as long as it is not 1,000,000 degrees). 
Two Stars - The steak gets an entire star to itself. I have ordered this delicious piece of meat twice and it never fails to impress. 
Three Stars - The burger, plus delicious add-ons, legitimately converted a vegetarian friend and a non-burger eater back in the dark side of the food. 
Four Stars - You need to get the mac n cheese. Do NOT disobey this suggestions. 
Minus One Star - since Cowbell has taken off it has become incredibly busy on Fridays and Saturdays around dinner time. The last time we were there the hostess was EXPLODING at the seams. It seemed like tables were not being fully utilized (stared at empty spots at aforementioned picnic tables for a long time) and she seemed like she needed a serious break. 
Overall - Go. Now.I think this place is really overpriced and overrated. The food okay, but is SOOOOO greasy that every time after I eat here, I get gallbladder attacks. At first, I thought it was food poisoning, but then I realized that it was all the grease. How much oil are they using in a simple sandwhich? Geesh!I dream of the cheeseburger and mac n' cheese combo here at night.Came here around dinner time. It was busy, needless to say, with a few people waiting and all the seats taken. The waiters were very attentive and friendly. (Shout out to Dani P.  She was awesome!!!)We had their burger and fish tacos. The food was excellent!  4 stars because we did have to wait a while for our food. The table who was seated right before us finished their burger before we got our food. The appetizer figgy toast came out pretty quick though. I think instead of charging patrons 2 dollars for 2 extra pieces of toast, it should just include 4 pieces of toast. Would come back again since he food was very delicious...just not when I'm super starving since it's a bit of a wait.Cowbell is MY JAM! This was my third visit in nine months, hey I'm a regular! Whoohoo! Today our visit was a ladies lunch that was discussed over the holiday weekend. If Cowbell isn't a reason to get out of bed after a day of drinking outside in NOLA heat, then I don't know what is! Our waiter was friendly, personable, charming and witty. He sold me on the lunch special and soup of the day (Grilled cheese and chowder-details to follow.) while my companions ordered another one of the lunch specials. (Reuben burger.) and the Cowbell burger(dress and top to your liking--one of the best burgers I've ever had.)
Okay, seriously let's talk food details. When our food came out I reacted with "WOW." Waiter says, "That's exactly the reaction I was hoping for, nice." Portion size, presentation and cleanliness of plate was outstanding. Food was delivered to the table as soon as it was plated, the food was hot and great! (One of the peaches in my grilled cheese escaped and landed on the tabletop, still steaming.  Ohhh yeahhhh.) My grilled cheese was unbelievable! Beautiful sourdough bread layered with Brie, arugula, carmelized onions, peaches and jalepéno bacon. Soup du jour was a sweet potato corn chowder with shrimp and bacon, need I say more? We annihilated our dishes and left happy happy happy. 
I plan on making myself more of a fixture at Cowbell because they not only serve up incredible, taste bud pleasing food and craft cocktails, they also serve hospitality and a great time.Can't believe it took me so long to get to Cowbell, but I'm glad I finally made it!
I love burgers. And these are good burgers. I only have one complaint, which is the same complaint I made about Company Burger, is that they don't have a good dill pickle to put on the burger. I got so excited when I saw "home made pickle preserves" on the menu, but I knew enough to ask. Sure enough, they were described by the waiter as "pretty sweet." To which I replied, "gross."
But I forged ahead and, thanks to my flexible girlfriend (hey, get your mind out of the gutter!), I was able to try two different burgers. We each took a half of the original burger (with white cheddar and onion compote added) and a special burger that came with a citrus slow and andouille sausage. She preferred the classic, while I preferred the special. her exact words (via text) the morning after: "That burger last night was REALLY good." She was right.
The fries were also good. And so was the dessert -- s'mores ice cream sandwich. Yum! Service was also good, as everyone who helped us was patient and friendly.
Definitely will be back. And just like at Company, I'll be sneaking in my own pickles.Went there a few weeks ago with two friends around lunch time.  The atmosphere is really chill. Inside seating, big tables with big benches, so it looks like it's family style. There's one table outside under the shade (maybe more? but I only saw one.)
We had heard a lot about the mac & cheese, so we got that for an appetizer and it was so cheesy and filling! We could split it easily between the 3 of us and it's a great starter. 
They had just gotten their liquor license, so no more BYOB like they used to have. 
We all got different burgers, and I got bacon and cheddar on mine. They also have Mexican cokes there, which I've heard are good, but I didn't end up trying one. They have a bunch of different types of specialty drinks (non-alcoholic) that I'm going to have to try.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that I ordered medium well, and my friend ordered medium, and it seemed like they switched ours up, since my burger came to me medium and hers wasn't as pink as she'd like in the middle.
If you're craving a burger in the Riverbend area, definitely check it out.I got a fever and the only cure is more cowbell.
The best burger I've ever had. It was so tender and moist (although it was more rare than requested).  Perfectly thick patty topped with a bacon onion compote that melted in my mouth. Fries were beautifully crunchy sticks of fresh potato goodness (dip them in that sriracha mayo...you can thank me later). and while we're talking about that wonderful mayo...I should mention that its made in house...they also have a house ketchup for you ketchup feens.
The service was perfect. The decor is cool (I'm looking at you, you rustic door turned table top).  Prices were good considering everything is super fresh and they use all natural beef.
The menu is interesting. Not at all what I expected from a place named cowbell. Minus the burger, most menu items seem to have a spanish influence.  
I cant wait to try everything on that menu...We had the burgers and they were absolutely delicious! The chef brought out our burgers to top it off. We had an awesome experience even with the 35 minute wait but the food was definitely worth the wait.The burger is just plain amazing. Best burger in New Orleans period. Freshly ground meat that is juicy and so tasty. Get a fried egg on it and prepare to fall in love! The fries are also really good, but you have sub a salad if you are feeling like something green. They also have a compote that I enjoy. I love the figgy toast and they make great grilled cheese. However, I think they have horrible fish tacos although I have friends who swear by them. 
They have had their liquor licensee for awhile, but I tried some of their mixed drinks for the first time a couple days ago. Good margaritas but I swear they put salt into them as well as on the edge. 
And yes, sometimes you have to sit at a table with a stranger. Big deal, the food is good.It was a bit pricey for what it was. The server was very accommodating and the entire staff was checking on us as they walked by which Is great. 
The shrimp quesadillas were good. Very flavorful and light. 
The main event of course was the burger the Millie Mae which was their special of the day a sort of take on a Hawaiian burger. The fries were great. The home made ketchup was great. The fixings for the burger were great. The burger itself the texture and taste were underwhelming. 
Everything seems to mask the underwhelming burger which should be the main event. Also $15.95 for a burger and we came here to avoid company burger. New Orleans needs a modest burger to believe in. I'm still searching for it.I had the burger. 
It was SO Good !!
I like my burgers rare, and there is an art to producing the perfect rare burger.... this place has it down! I need to go back here to try out the rest of the menu :)This is important! The Mac and Cheese and Homemade Ketchup are a must! We go sometimes just for those two things. We always have a good experience at Cowbell! They have their regular menu but always mix it up with creative specials. Sometime the wait can take awhile and you can find yourself sharing a table with people. The staff is friendly.This old converted filling station located in the riverbend area makes for a great casual gourmet dining spot that has become a destination spot for foodies all over. The chef left a fine dining background to focus on a few comfort food dishes that they do very well. I think the cowbell burger may be the best burger in the city if not top 3. At some point things get a bit subjective but it's really one of my favorites burgers in town. I also love the mac & cheese and all the specials are usually yummy. This is a great lunch or casual dinner spot that will not disappoint. It's a husband/wife team so you know a lot of love and care goes into making the food special and a great place.This is the first time I've felt ever so compelled to leave a review on a restaurant experience...
This place is simply phenomenal. I stumbled upon this place while in a random search of restaurants near me on yelp. Took a risk...went to try it out. Not only was I thoroughly impressed with the delicious food, the service was amazing as well. Friendly staff, cool environment, simply delicious food. One might think it's a little pricey for a burger but in my earnest opinion the burger was worth every penny. Plan to go back to try the steak tacos and home made dessertsRiver Bend Fries are awesome. The other items a little pricey for the portion. I'll return for the fries though.BYOB for now. Long wooden tables more suited for a group outing than an evening for two. I loved the decor, it was bright and full of vintage-style art. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on service because we went within an hour of close.
Veggie burgers are notoriously tough to nail, especially at a place focused on delivering quality ground beef product.  Props to having one made in-house.  Wish they'd let us sub fries with veggies, soup, sweet potato fries, or any of their other tempting sides.  Too bad because at $5-6 per side, you really don't sample a lot.
Overall it's clear the kitchen is putting out creative and quality dishes.  I'm sure I'll be back once they get their beverage service underway.  Seems like a great atmosphere to grab some drinks and/or dinner with a group.Best burger in the city imo. Mac and cheese is very good also. A go go sauce is tasty. 4 stars because staff can occasionally be unpleasant.I had an awesome burger at this place...with horrendous service. The burger was worth 5 stars. The waiter was not worth a trip back. We (5) went for lunch shortly after they opened, and all of us agreed that it was one of the best burgers  in town. Because of the rude service, none of us have been back. Super disappointing.I wanted to really love this place. I've driven by plenty and it always looks soooo cute!!!! Finally convinced my hubby to go try it with me. While it was pretty good food, and the service was lovely, the price points for the portions just didn't work for us!!!! Give me more food or lower dem prices y'all!!!!We were able to sit at the bar with out much wait, but it did take some time to get our food.  I ordered a burger medium after the server described their medium as having a warm pink middle.  The burger I received was cooked well done, and pretty dry.  The zinfandel onion compote was good, and the fries were good as well.  My wife's grilled cheese was very good, I liked the fresh taste of the asparagus in the sandwich.  Her soup was cold.
Overall, the food was ok, but a $12 burger should be really good.  Perhaps an off night, but I won't be hurrying back.Although Cowbell is a little pricy, it NEVER disappoints and it is worth every penny. Absolutely the best burger in town beating MOST of the restaurants that ONLY serve burgers. Keep it up, Cowbell.Nice little neighborhood joint offering burgers and a lot more.  The Brussels sprouts are worth the drive from airport.  Definitely more a local dive than a tourist trap.  Expect to pay 15 for a burger and drink..  I had schnitzel and giggles and it was delicious.MORE COWBELL! is what you will be saying after you leave here. I have visited several times and each time its delicious. It looks like most of the menu boasts that its 'organic' which is smart marketing since its a buzz word for uptown New Orleans and hey...I dislike preservatives and fillers just as much as the next person, so good for them. 
They have two house made sauces; one of which is a ketchup and I am most certain that the secret ingredient is cinnamon. The other is their spin on spicy mayo and its good on everything....everything. 
All of the food is good here so you really can't go wrong. There is something for everyone; carnivores, health nuts, vegetarians, grease seekers. 
There is one thing that I personally will not let you leave without trying and thats the mac and cheese. Its not on the menu, its a side that the lovely server will tell you about. Sweet baby Jesus, this is the real deal. I could write a separate review just about this but I won't...or will I? I have a life long history of loving mac and cheese so I would trust my taste buds. The only downfall is you can only order it as a side dish. One desperate day I shamelessly asked the server if I could have a giant entree portion. She understood my desire, but said they could only do the one size. It was soul crushing, but I guess "portion control" isn't going anywhere. It's still big enough to satisfy your craving. 
Margaritas are made with only fresh ingredients (no nasty sour mix) Its a refreshing delight.I like Cowbell. I really enjoyed their burger and the Agogo sauce is delicious. My group sat outside and 3 or 4 servers kept checking on us, asking if we had everything we needed. I'd like to go back and try the mac and cheese.My second visit to Cowbell and oh man that was so good!! The onion compote on the burger was yummy! The server seemed a little spaced out but I've encountered worse, but it's not going to keep me away.The food was delicious! I had a burger. It was very good. Perfectly cooked. I also had the fries and we split an order of the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was soooo good. You have to order this!!! One of my dining companions had the Shrimp and Sweet Potato soup. He said it was delicious. Another had the Grilled Gulf Fish Tacos. She said it was one of the best things she's ever eaten. The service was great, very friendly. It is a little pricey, but I think that's because the ingredients are top quality and you get what you pay for!!! Highly recommend this restaurant!Everything on the menu (besides the drinks) were $5 higher than they should be. Very anticlimactic when I bit into my $15 burger. Too dry and wasn't full of flavor. The Mac and cheese and shrimp chowder were both delicious. Definitely not coming back until I win the lottery.I will put it this way, we ate here on a Friday and went back that Saturday.  There were extenuating burger craving circumstances, but the food is pretty much that good. Besides the fact that the quality of the food is superior to most burger joints I have found in New Orleans the fare is more or less basic americana.   Some things are a little more exotic, but the menu is mostly made up of meat, potatoes and grains.  Of course the two salads looked amazing.
I almost forgot the best part!  BYOB.Hmm.. Cowbell... There were so many rants about this place that I had to try it!  They have a pretty small establishment, but expect a wait line!  The decor is so unique and the ambiance of the people here makes the experience even better.. but wait, theres still the food.. be prepare to get your socks blown off.  Before I start with the list of foods that we tried, go ahead and order about a gallon of the agogo sauce, its out of this world good.  The ketchup, however, was not that good to me, it tasted fresh, but a tad bit on the sweeter side as a ketchup.
- Loaded fries - chili, cheese, topped with egg and bacon, out of this world delicious, and they give you nice pieces of bacon, not bacon bits!
- Truffle fries - we added truffle (which costed extra) but it was so delicious, drown these in some agogo sauce, and you have a glimpse of heaven
- Cowbell Burger - natural, grass-fed beef burger with toasted potato roll, lettuce, tomato & onion, hand cut fries - this burger was cooked to perfection and that potato roll gave it a nice sweet touch.
- BBQ Ribeye - ribeye, mac & cheese, grilled asparagus & onion rings - honestly, the sides were okay, the real star player of this dish is the BBQ ribeye, yep, who would of thought to do a barbecue ribeye, but its so, so good.. cooked to perfection, with a touch of barbecue, just makes me sing like a little girl..
Cowbell lives up to its rave, I'm actually craving for a BBQ ribeye right now..After driving by a million times, and reading the great reviews, tonight was the night for Cowbell. This place is cute. I mean really, really cute. Clever, whimsical decor, with lots of kitsch. Our server was a very dim bulb in this bright atmosphere. If anyone remembers from Seinfeld, she was a "low talker." Even though ths place is not large, it's quite loud. She only checked on us once throughout dinner, after we had been dying for more drinks. And, um, by the way, $6 Abita? Really? I switched to the $8 margarita, which seemed to have no alcohol at all. The food was good, but nothing super special, which I was expecting. I had to try the mac and cheese, which ended up being just meh, again, for $7. I don't mind spending a bit on food and drink. I go out to eat a lot. But for burgers, beer and such, this place is crazy, stupid high. Oh yeah, to add to the noise, I swear a server who hovered around the bar area had Tourette's. Disconcerting. Cowbell, you are absolutely adorable, but on principle, I just can't return. Did I mention the place is cute??The burgers are good but not that big..just adequate size. It was definitely tasty BUT $6 for an Abita Strawberry is ridiculous. We spent $37 each for a burger, fries, 2 drinks and split mac & cheese (which was like $6.95)...good but not worth that amount. Try High Hat instead. It is bit pricey too but service is better and drinks are really inventive.After months of passing on this place whenever the rare urge for burger strikes, i felt it was time to ditch the initial plan of Company Burger and head down to Oak street for a new taste. Of course using Yelp! as my guide to the smartest decision, the reviews were mixed (at least amongst the familiar, trusted opinions I look for).
Initial thought upon arrival: unimpressed.
Granted, they appear to be doing a bit of expansion/upgrading, so it's one of those 'please excuse our appearance' type signs on the outside. I hope they make a sensible,  cool, logistical entrance because the inside is quite cool looking.
I came in on a split-decision so I did not call ahead and place my order which is something you should do. Otherwise, (or at least what happened to me) the hostess at the podium takes down your order, brings it to the kitchen, you wait for it wherever and the cook brings it out to you.
The first timer's decision was easy, the signature burger, i added the bacon and egg ($2), medium (came out perfect), comes with hand-cut fries and also ordered a side of the macaroni and cheese everyone was raving about. Now the burger was good and all, I took Charles H's advice and mixed the agogo sauce and housemade ketchup and it was awesome. I love sauces, man. The macaroni, i was not crazy about. It tasted too milky, i didn't much care for it on its own so I experimented a bit by putting some atop the fries and that improved the situation a little.
The quality of the burger is undeniable. You can taste all the freedom those cows had, seriously tho. However, a burger with fries and a side of macaroni hitting for $30 is quite a stretch. I was a little surprised when I got the bill as I usually never pay attention to prices, especially when it comes to food, but after having the meal, I'd say it's overpriced.
There was a lot on the menu that I did not have the patience to digest, perhaps I'll give them another try sometime.Dude! Hamburger with egg and bacon top is ridiculously good. I love the lime grilled chicken too. Service and decor are in the top 1% throughout all NOLA.This used to be my favorite burger spot in the city.   The last few times have been disappointing. We went today and got the burgers as usual.  
The burgers were over cooked.   We added egg and bacon to our burgers.  My egg was not over easy, as my egg yolk was not runny at all.
The fries were soggy as well.  It's disappointing, because we loved this place.   The fried used to be so crispy and good.  The runny egg would add juiciness to the burger. 
The a go go sauce is still great, but the burgers and fries aren't as good as they once were.My husband and I love local, funky restaurants to try when we go to New Orleans. While we were uptown anyway, I found this place on Yelp. A bit pricey but delicious. The mac n cheese is amazing. There is indoor and outdoor seating. Some unique offerings and friendly staff.They aren't lying when they say that the Mac and cheese is worth getting. It's creamy and delicious. We had the grilled cheese special which had turkey bacon and avocado. The bread was good, but it wasn't my favorite. I recommend coming here for a casual night outNot only do they have a great burger, but you've got to try their chowder, it's the best I've ever had.  It's on par with the Water Grill's in LA which is quite a compliment.  All the soups are fantastic.   I recently had an amazing fresh Asparagus soup there.  Try the grilled cheese and soup specials.  There is always a delicious sophisticated twist on a traditional grilled cheese.  This week they had a Monte Cristo.  Try the other daily specials as well.  Every day features a different fresh fish served over an excellent kale salad with roast potatoes.  Wednesday night always features Chicken & Waffles. If you like Chicken & Waffles YOU MUST ORDER THIS!!!  This is the most exquisite gourmet version of the dish you will ever try.  It is far greater than the sum of its parts.  The grilled chicken is served over collard greens with an unusual white sausage gravy that makes you want to lick your fingers.  The waffles are served with real Maple Syrup and a bourbon butter.  
Lastly, you must try their deserts.  I had a sour cherry pie that was incredible, just the right amount of sweet and sour, their apple pie is excellent too.  You get a whole small pie with homemade ice-cream which was easy to finish!!!  The blondies with caramel sauce are sublime, I had a friend visit from Chicago who was so obsessed with them that I mailed her a half dozen of the blondies with sauce for her birthday!  Now they are featuring a special with a daily pot de créme.  I had one that was a marvelous combination of chocolate layered with peanut butter.  
The deeper I dig on the menu the more I discover that Cowbell is a fine gourmet restaurant masquerading as a casual burger joint.  It's become my neighbourhood go to restaurant, I can't get enough of their food :))Good bread on the burger.  This part of a great burger is often overlooked.  Mine was slightly overdone as a medium rare order.   Very friendly waitstaff.I wish my schedule would give me more free time to eat here. The day I visited Cowbell, it was busier than a Chinese consensus. We waited almost an hour before being seated. It wasn't even that upsetting because when that burger came out, every emotion I had about the long wait vanished faster than my high school relationship status. 
All jokes aside. The burger was juicy. Among my top lists of favorite burger joints, this one is close to my top 3, next to Ruby Slipper, Company Burger, and Cafe Minh.It's kind of a random menu. There's not much continuity to it. But rest assured, I'm pretty sure their menu is so random because they only allow their very best recipes on there. They didn't open up a specific type of restaurant and then develop the menu accordingly; I think they thought of their best 15 dishes ever, and then decided to open up a restaurant. So as random as this place may be, it's great!
Some highlights:
- Chili cheese fries!! These are good.
- Mac & cheese. Everyone has already talked about them and they live up to the hype.
- Burger. Solid. Zinfandel, Bacon, & Onion Compote is worth trying on your burger.
- Fish tacos. One of the few places you can get some good fish tacos around here.
- Sangria! It's pretty good. Worth trying.
- $5 corkage fee for the first bottle!
- Apple pie.
Some lowlights:
- A little pricey for what you're getting.
- Soups. I was not super impressed with any I tried.They've perfected the art of putting meat and cheese between two slices of bread. Be prepared to have your mind blown.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. They have the best burgers in the city, hands down. Their in house sauces are seriously addicting! I always get the onion compote on my burger also. I'm sure their other entrees are good too, but I wouldn't know because I always get a burger. Dessert here is also a must, my favorite being the chocolate pie, but the special desserts have been really great also. Service is great, and the atmosphere is almost magic outside at the big table while the sun is setting. I love you Cowbell.Everything I've gotten here has been delicious! The service is great too! I go here by myself most of the time but I'm never lonely because the staff is friendly and fun. My favorite place to eat in New Orleans :)Cowbell is like being cupped in the callused hands of a ranch hand-turned-chef-turned-interior designer, and then being showered with fries and delicious tangy mystery sauce.
It's a bit pricier than your average diner food, but worth it. Hipster servers perch next to the communal (occasionally) tables, wearing sweaters with cats and catering to your every desire. Daily specials are guaranteed to be mouthwatering, whether they involve a weird-sounding burger that turns out to be your new favorite, or a Gulf fish so fresh you expect it to sit up and look at you.
Bonus: the "Adult Grilled Cheese". Not for kids, and so good you wouldn't share anyway.Super friendly server (from Brazil).  Grass fed burger juicy, tasty and on a light toasted bun.  Fries were excellent too, hot n crispy.  Key lime pie with coconut crust was like ice cream, excellent!Cowbell is one of those places where I look at the menu and pretend that I'm going to get something different, but I never do. The Cowbell burger is hands down one of the best in the city. I love the renovations that they've done over the past year. And the staff is always great and attentive.Had a great lunch with my family the food and service was awesome will be back to try other menu items fun place to go with friends thanks chefordered food to go...even their soggy quesadillas (coz of packaging) tasted devine. Just excellent food! i am a BiG FAN!!BEST VEGGIE BURGER IN NEW ORLEANS!!!!
The mac & cheese is pretty awesome too. I've searched all over for a delicious veggie burger in this city, and here it is. There are a handfull of other veggie burgers in town that are okay, but Cowbell is the winner by far.
The decor is terrible and its' a bit out of the way, but it's worth it.
They're closed on Mondays. That's always when I crave it for some reason.Used to come here for the burger. The past 2 times I've come the burger was small and over cooked, ordered medium came out beyond well done on both occasions. The service was mediocre at best; our server was nice enough but seemed rather apathetic, didn't even ask how the food was. 
Considering they sell they're burger as "famous" this was a disappointing experience.My tire blew out one night from a nearby pothole so I pulled in to the closest place. Struggling to change my tire, someone here noticed us while taking out the trash. Marcus AKA The Ox saved me that night by conveniently having the tools we needed and changed my tire for me!!! Best service ever, this guy is the best!For food and service this place is 5*s.  The atmosphere/décor is a strange mix of old and odd items, but I liked it.
We went for lunch.  Had 1 beer, 2 ice teas, and 3 lunches.  I had a fish burger with hand cut French fries.  Both the fish and the fries were especially good, but the price seemed rather high.  Our bill, before tax, was $54.35.  Add tax and tip we were at $70.  It just seems a  bit much fir a casual lunch for 3 people.The first time I went to Cowbell was when they first opened. I enjoyed myself and remember having a good time. Now that almost 5 years has passed, YIKES, I found myself back again and it was lovely! It was a Thursday night and I wanted a burger. I was craving the complexity of texture and tastes that only a burger can provide. But it had to be good, like REAL good. Not some frozen patty slapped on a flat top and not a greasy burger smothered in fancy mayo, but a good ol' stacked, delicious burger. You know what? That's EXACTLY what I got at Cowbell. I ordered the Cowbell burger, medium +bleu cheese +bacon hash, dressed and I ate the whole dang thing including the phenomenal hand cut fries and homemade sriracha mayo. 
I really also love how they expanded their seating options, gave their decor a funky feel and from where I was sitting, abandoned the "community seating" that was present at initial opening. 
YUM YUM YUM!I usually order the harvest burger ( unique) but today I decided to re-visit the fish tacos. They weren't up to par. I think there were some scales still on the fish and parts of fin and tale. I wanted to tell the owner , whom I've met out and about in New Orleans but he wasn't there/-- which may explain a lower standard. 
Grilled cheese is also one of my favorites. My friend loved her fried oysters. 
Service ranges from great to fair but never badAmazing food! Drive out for the crawfish Mac and cheese and was totally worth it also the adult grilled cheese and clam chowder! Decor is nice and staff friendlyGreat burgers, tuna burgers and fries. Loved the ambience and the service was excellent. Catered to food allergies in an authentic and honest manner.Cowbell came highly recommended by someone, so I followed up.  BOY am I glad I did, and I WILL be back.
I started with a hamburger that was so succulent and tasty.  It was a definite "melt in your mouth" experience.  As I left, I noticed my referral with the juiciest looking Ribeye with a stack of onion rings on her plate!  As much as I enjoyed the burger, I became jealous of this woman's steak.  She even let me taste an onion ring that was the bomb, and I'm a huge fan of onion rings!
The decor is very cool, and, best of all, the lighting in the place is awesome.  I also loved being in a place where the clientele seemed like a restaurant full of really happy people.  I think a part of that is also the staff of servers, who all seemed bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.  That definitely helps with the dining experience.Went there for the soft opening - it was fabulous - can't wait for the real opening. Had an amazing hamburger (and can't wait to taste the veggie burger once it's started) and my friend had the grilled wild redfish. Oh, they were amazing. It is now my favorite hambuger!! and the redfish!mmmm - grilled and seasoned perfectly. 
Loved the indiviudual pies, also, you get more crust that way! :D
It's a great place, with a wonderful look, and it's very comfortable. I highly recommend!
and there is some great artwork, including a great Christopher Walken piece.
update: I had the burger at Luke today - I liked the burger at Cowbell much better! much tastier! :D
second trip to Cowbell:
oh my! I didn't think I could be happier - the best mac and cheese. ever, and the fish tacos were amazing, I didn't think I would eat all three, but I did....and they were grilled not fried, so no batter! I split the Chocolate City and the Apple Pie with my friend Jen, and they were both sooo good.Best Mac and cheese in the city of New Orleans, just YES, don't argue! So many cheeses! Burgers will give you that feel good feeling as well. Trust me!Place has a real cool vibe and the staff is very friendly and attentive. I had a special...Pork Tenderloin Carnitas...they were fantastic. I look forward to trying some of menu items very soon. I'm from out of town but will be here for several months. I will definitely be giving this fine place several more visits.My friend was looking for somewhere in nola where she could have a really amazing burger so off to Cowbell we went. Neither of us were at al disappointed.
It was packed when we arrived but two seats soon opened up at the bar. After popping the woodchucks we brought with us (they are still trying to get their alcohol license), we salivated over the menu. There may not be a ton of options, but there was no need for other choices. My friend went with a basic burger with some sort of cheese (like I've said, cheese is not my thing, so I have no idea what). I ordered mine with the zinfandal, bacon, and onion compote. Both came with fries.  
Our food arrived quickly and we bit in. It was so tasty that our conversation drastically decreased while we were eating, reduced solely to declarations of how delicious the food was. The meat was cooked exactly how we ordered it. The fries were crisp and tasty. My compote excellently complimented the flavor of the meet. The agogo sauce was so tasty that my friend was joking that it might have to "agogo" with her. My only complaint is that I wish  the bun was a little thicker on the bottom half as it quickly started disintegrating.
This was a great experience overall. The service was quick and our waitress was kind, funny, and informative. The amount of food was perfect and we had no problem paying a little extra for the quality of the ingredients.This is a hipster type burgie place; I feel like with this particular type of restaurant they are either really good or really garbage and hipsters will eat anywhere that other hipsters eat so don't trust their opinions.  I'm not a hipster so you could trust mine.  But I'm always skeptical about these types of places because having organic and local ingredients is great but often my stupid coworkers trying to be cool equate that with good tasting food, which is sometimes not the case.  But at this place the food was great.  It was nice to go somewhere not packed with tourists also.  But my burger was like one of my favorite burgers ever, bacon and blue cheese, delicious, cooked perfect medium, the fries were really good, tried my baby's steak and mac and cheese and onion rings and these were all great as well.  I would give this place 4 and a half but I rounded up because we came right around when they were closing and they didn't even look at us mean; such friendly service and great food.  If I lived in New Orleans I would come here regularly.Best burgers around, hands down.  They are a little pricey and there is not "just a burger" (no fries/side) option, otherwise I would give 5 stars.  I haven't had a burger this juicy and tasty in years.  Their signature special sauce is pretty awesome as well.  The fries even have a hint of a special spice on them.  I was too stuffed to order beyond the entree, but the burger alone requires a return visit.  Need more Cowbell!
The decor and atmosphere was as others noted shabby chic/artsy.  I did have some confusion with the bathrooms - the art didn't suggest obviously if one was for women and one for men, but the waitress kindly pointed me to one of them which was a good enough sign to me.Super cute place!! Driven by it tons of times and finally stopped. The inside is way larger than I anticipated. 
Food is good, Bloody was lackluster. It was spiced well just lacking flavour. Next time I will try a mimosa for brunch. Because you can't eat without a drink, right??This is no doubt the best burger that I have had in the city. Sure, it ends up being about $15 when you're done with, but it's worth it every single time. They also do great macaroni and cheese and also great cheese fries. I like to sit out on their patio and enjoy one of their drinks from their large menu of cocktails and beers. Only knock is that they don't do separate checks which isn't really a big dealDid not enjoy it as much as I wanted to.
I love the aesthetic, converted gas station, family style seating, the folk art, etc... Unfortunately, the food my friend and I had was not good. The biggest problem is that everything was so BLAND and overpriced. I would suggest they revamp their recipes and work more on food quality than on being the quirkiest restaurant in NOLA.Well, today's visit was way better than my first visit. The staff was much more pleasant this time around. I was meeting a client there for lunch, and I arrived early. I was not allowed to get a table until my guest arrived, which was weird...especially since the dining area appeared only 20% full. There was not a line or a wait, but I ended up standing on the sidewalk for 10 minutes until we were allowed in. Other than that, this visit was great. The food was prepared to order, and came out in a reasonable amount of time. The quality was good. We were offered coffee and desert, which is not very common of lunch restaurants. I enjoyed my lunch today, and will probably be back in the near future.Our follow up visit was much better. Merline (sp?) was wonderful & everything went smoothly.I recently made a return trip to Cowbell last week when I had some family in town. I had not been back since my first visit in February. I'm so glad I went back. Wow! My burger was one of the best I have ever had in my life. It was juicy, seasoned, and with the wonderful brioche toasted bun it was simply fantastic. I also shared some chili cheese fries which were tasty, but not as good as the ones at Dat Dog in my opinion. A tasty blue cheeseburger plus an Arnold Palmer on a beautiful 70 degree winter NOLA day and I'm in heaven. I'll be back Cowbell and I won't take 10 months to make it happen.I really enjoyed my overall experience and will definitely be making a return trip.  The place was exactly what we were looking to experience, informal and inexpensive.  Very much a t-shirt and shorts type of place. The server, Cameron was very knowledgable about the menu and as soon as he learned that this was our maiden voyage to Cowbell he seemed eager to provide suggestions.
The Mac & cheese was awesome, I had the crane asada tacos, really good but not great. My wife got the burger and it was quite good, I will likely return to order one for myself. The soup was really good. It was the sweet potato and seafood bisque, chunky but a little runny for a cream soup. I thoroughly enjoyed the bread pudding but they had just run out of our first choice (blueberry pie).
I thought it unfortunate that the appetizer, soup, and desert were all better than the entrees. Overall experience was great, I would rate the service at 5, atmosphere at 4.5 and food at 4.2. I will be ordering new stuff next time for the entree and I bet that the ratings will go up. Only negative I can mention is that beer prices were quite high, $5-$6 for anything other than a miller lite or PBR, and no draft beers.I would really like to give this place more stars, but I had a couple of issues with it.  First off...communal tables. They are not for me.  It is so awkward sitting in such a close proximity to people you don't know.  I felt like the people sitting next to us were listening to our conversation and that I needed to whisper to not disturb them.  My second issue was that the service was ok, but the waitress was so quiet I could not hear anything she was saying and had to ask her everything twice...I don't have hearing problems but it was like she was whispering.  
Okay so now on to the good part...The food! The mac and cheese was AWESOME! SOOO CHEESY! I can even get over the fact that a small bowl of it was 6 dollars.  Me and the hubby split a burger and got the zinfandel onion topping.  It was AMAZING!  Try it!  Also, the homemade ketchup was good, and so was the other creamy sauce.  Fries were good.  So NO complaints in the food department.  I really want to go back and try the fish tacos, but I really did not enjoy the atmosphere.Being a visitor, we were recommended to this restaurant by a friend. 
We ordered the Thai grilled beef salad, chili cheese fries, and mac and cheese. I don't know about everyone else, but it was one of the best mac and cheeses I've ever tasted. The Chili chees fries had a semi-spiced kick to it, and the Thai grilled beef salad, although not authenthic Thai, was very good overall with good flavors that someone looking for good overall food would enjoy. 
As a visitor of the town, I'd come back again. =)This place is pretty cool. Be warned there is communal seating so you might be sitting next to people you don't know. If you can get past that it's a nice change of pace. All the waiters wait on you not just one and when you tip its goes to all of them so that it's fair. We got the lamb lettuce wraps with a side of Mac n cheese and then the fish tacos. Sounds like a weird combination, but I promise it was delicious.This is a really random place to have a burger joint as it's in the middle of a residential area. But happily, this place has one of the best burgers in the area. It's unnecessarily large (the patty is really thick), but whether or not you can eat it neatly (you probably can't), the burger is delicious. A lot of this has to do with their buns, which are imported from Long Island. They also use sweet tomatoes and have a house sauce that is pretty good.
They also make their own ketchup, which I'm personally not a fan of, but they also have Heinz ketchup, mustard, and mayo available. 
This place gets pretty crowded even during off-hours. The servers here are very friendly and attentive. Would definitely come back.Stopped by here for a late lunch this afternoon and was happy to see the place was totally packed! Granted, it meant that we weren't able to get seats inside (there weren't even two seats together at the bar/counter), but it was a nice day to sit at the giant communal door table outside.
I finally got a chance to try the much hyped veggie burger, and it definitely hit the spot. It was too big for me to eat like a normal person consumes a burger, thus I had to resort to eating it with a knife and fork. Which is always a tad embarrassing. Like I'm not man enough to devour the giant (veggie) burger with my bare hands, because my mouth isn't big enough to bite into it, so I have to be all lame and awkward as I try to eat it with a knife and fork. 
My friend had the apple pie, which was evidently amazing based on his exclamations about the deliciousness of said pie, and the fact that it disappeared in the blink of an eye. I was hoping to get a bite, but declined the initial (and, it turns out, only) offer, preoccupied as I was with conquering my giant (veggie) burger. Guess I'll just have to go back again for dessert!I died with the first bite of my burger. Then, I revived myself and finished that sucker off ! I enjoy the simple fact that they allowed me to order my burger med-rare and with an egg and blue cheese. Yum in my tum! The fries that accompany the burger were not the business. However, the sauces that accompany the fries are the business!
I'm getting to chatty. 
Overall, this place is amazing. I see and hear a lot of talk about the mac and cheese. I had it and all I can say is, it's good but definitely not the best I ever had. I had to send it back because they brought it out cold. I like my mac and cheese hot and gooey! Servers were accommodating with heating up my mac. So, thumbs up. 
Oh, and they aren't just a burger joint. The steak I tried was good too. I think it was a Mexican inspired skirt steak? Idk, burger was better but steak was done well too. 
I'll definitely come back when I'm craving a burger. I might have to bring my own peanut butter since Yo Mamas made it a staple in my diet.I can sum up Cowbell in one word... "Absolutely awesome!" Ok, that's two, but the food is delish. The burger has been magnificent each time I had it. The jalapeno mac and cheese (which is great) taste the same each time you eat it. The fish tacos were fresh, even though I wasn't a fan of the slaw. The food has been great each time I've had it.Burger was fantastic and you can tell the meat was high quality however it was small. Service was great however it would've been nice for the bartender to tell me that the beer she recommended was an $11 bottle of beer before I agreed to drink it and only found out when I got the tab and for that alone I will not go back.  Inconsiderate of her not to mention the price and if she was on the other side of it guaranteed she would've been upset about it.Tonight was my first time trying the place and I fell in love. Finding Cowbell wasn't difficult at all. However I wished they had more parking available. When we got there, the place was pretty packed for a Tuesday night which was a good sign. There wasn't a long wait to be seated. Our server tonight was David and he was really awesome! He was super to nice to us and took his time to go over the special items that weren't on the menu. Since it was our first time, he was patient with us. 
Now on to the food. We started off with the crawfish and andouille sausage poutine and it was the best I've ever had! It was ten times better than the poutine we had over in Disney World. Every bite melted in your mouth. I ordered the original Cowbell burger with a fried egg and bacon with a side of Mac and cheese. Hands down, this was the best burger I've ever had in NOLA. when you tell them to cook it medium rare, it come out medium rare. Not over cooked and not undercooked. The egg wasn't runny at all. Although it was still a messy burger to eat. But that's a sign it was an amazing burger. Which it was! My only issue with the burger that it was slightly a little saltier than expected. I think the burger was just a little over salted. The Mac and cheese was out of this world. 
I definitely see myself coming back over and over again. I strongly recommend this place if you love burgers!!This place is great.  I love the veggie burger and fries.  It is the best veggie burger ever.....  I also really like the atmosphere and the communicable seating.  I cant not comment on any of the other foods because I can't resist the veggie burger:)I'd read about the excellent burgers so this was one of the places I'd eat when in NO for a weekend. Very happy I did.
I had a burger and fries. Burger was good. But there are better things on the menu. If you want a burger, you will be happy. My wife had fries with monchego {sp?} cheese and duck. Amazing. Mother-in-law had excellent, very well balanced sweet potato chowder and a grilled cheese/portablello sandwich. I didn't get a bite of that, or of my daughter's grilled cheese sandwich. 
Parking...uh...I got in a spot behind the building where I squeezed our compact wagon in. By the time we left it was a regular Austin Powers turnaround situation. That said, our parking spot was great. I'm sure there are plenty of places around. As with most out of the way places, this place is out of the way. 
After drinks [sodas I mean], expect to pay $12-$18 each. Though my wife's duck/cheese fries were an appetizer she had as her entree instead.Very fun atmosphere and decor. Very nice owner, and great wait staff. Food was yummy. Parking not great but isn't a deterrent.  We will be back!This is one of our favorite places for a relaxed dinner in uptown. 
While the food is NEVER disappointing (I always try the specials, and I always leave stuffed and soooo happy), the service is usually spotty. 
On our most recent visit, we called ahead to check wait times (we know it gets super-busy in the evenings). The hostess said there was NO wait and we could be seated as soon as we arrived. Well, we arrived literally 5 minutes later, and were told we would have to wait 20-30 minutes to be seated. This was disappointing, however we decided to stick it out for the burgers and fish tacos. We were offered drinks as we waited on a bench outsid, which helped calm my fiance's nerves a bit... 
After 40 minutes, we were finally seated. Whew! I was soooo hungry that I ordered the chili cheese fries, which were amazing with the homemade ketchup and sauces! 
While the food is always great, we always walk away feeling a bit like we were intruding on the staff's evening by choosing to eat here. The staff attitudes just don't match the kitschy atmosphere and delicious food. 
My point: Don't expect great service, but the food definitely makes up for it!It's like Austin meets New Orleans, which is a double helping of the quirky, off-beat, fun-weird. And the food is like that too. 
In short, and to sum up: this place rocks!Best burger in NOLA!! The home made ketchup keeps me coming back...Wow their burgers are amazing! And the homemade ketchup is outstanding.
Great drinks too, cool atmosphere and in a super location at the end of oak street.