Delicious food, especially the fried green tomato and shrimp sandwich. Both the guys working the counter were patient, kind, and helpful, especially to my mother in law who needs kind attention.
Don't imagine I'll bother finding any other po boy places, this one's the ticket.Finally made it here. Just to think I have always been only 5 min away and did not know this place was here. We will definitely be back. We got the shrimp platter and blacken fish.  If you like these. You should order from here. I cannot wait to try the roast beef after lent...yummyGreat service, food was hot and served to table in timely manner. Staff was nice and helpful with menu with first timersFood was wonderful will definitely be coming back. The fish tacos were very good and the shrimp and oysters were lightly battered and very tasty.  This place is worth the stop.This was our last stop before leaving Louisiana and this was a good way to end it. I had the 1/2 shrimp and 1/2 oyster po boy and it was huge. The po boy was definitely stuffed and huge. I would definitely come back again.Okay, I know I've been being pretty liberal with the five stars but you all understand. Right? Well if not then you obviously haven't had the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomato po'boy at Crabby Jacks. It's worth the extremely long drive from wherever you may be during the short hours that they are open. It's really that good guys. I can't even really explain it. The remoulade is perfect, the shrimp perfectly cooked. The only complaint I had, and I don't really think it's a complaint is that the shrimp remoulade was cold. The reason I say I don't think it's a complaint is that I can't decide if i'd have liked it better had it been warm. Either way, it's amazing and writing this review is making me hungry. Also the place was reaally packed but I didn't have a huge issue with the seating arrangement, but probably because I wasn't forced to sit at a table with strangers hearing about Aunt Mable's angina. Sit at your own risk.When you see a bunch of locals lining up for lunch you know it's gonna be good, well it was great. I ordered the regular size Cochon De Lait specialty Poboy, it was excellent and filling. My daughter ordered the regular size BBQ Brisket and it was equally good. This place is worth the drive if you're visiting the French Quarter.I like their po boys way better then Domilise's. Prices are about the same and you get wayyyy more shrimp/oysters.Go for the shrimp poboy and get here before they close in the afternoon.  The only fail was the brisket poboy which wasn't that good.Best of the best.  I've had the shrimp, cochon du lait, catfish, and duck.  Duck is so good that I can't stop ordering it to try anything else off the menu.  Pricey, yes, but so much food that I always feel a little bad for the 3+ ducks that must have given their lives for my lunch.  I've been able to finish my po-boy on my own in one sitting exactly once, and that was in the hospital after giving birth when I requested the duck po-boy as my celebration meal (note: NOT a hospital service, but rather a personal one!)
One word of caution: they charge $3 for the privilege of using your credit card, so you might want to opt to pay in cash.I've always gone for an over stuffed seafood poboy or fish tacos, but decided for a change of pace this time.  Don't know if it's new or just seemed new since it's not the direction I generally go, but went for a fleur-de-bree poboy (hot ham, roast beef, debris and gravy). Arguably the best meat-based poboy I've ever had, and I live here.  Simply, Wow.We had a car on this trip to new orleans, staying uptown near loyola, so crabby jacks was close enough and so worth the drive.  The shrimp po boy was enormous and very satisfying. The jalepeno mac and cheese was so good, I could eat that by the bucket! Like the casual vibe of the place and the prices were great for what you get.  Love the plastic crabby jacks cups I could take home also. Definetely worth the trip and I can thank yelp reviews for finding this placeI'm not gonna say too much here...they are freekin tasty.  Alot of condiments and types of poboys to choose from.  Overstuffed is an another plus in which half can fill u up.  Price is reasonable but the time this place closes is way too early.  Free parking is another bonus.The fish tacos are amazing!  Loved the flavor and the side salad was nice too.   My friend enjoyed the dirty rice and the po boy is huge.I love their shrimp po boy! They were so generous with the fried shrimp that I had to eat a lot of them separately. I'll definitely be back to try more of the specialty po boys!
Also, shout out to the awesome person who took my order. They were really nice and even gave me a free side of remoulade sauce to try out!The Jacques Imo's of lunch.  Literally same ownership.
Some excellent poboy choices ranging from traditional (catfish, oyster) to batshit crazy (fried green tomato, duck).  This place is PACKED at peak lunch times.  Its very no frills: just a cash register, kitchen, and a basic dining room.
All the sandwiches are to die for.  You simply can't go wrong.
Only downside is the ever-present smell of disinfectant.  That's a good thing, I guess, but it isn't particularly appetizing.
They take credit cards. This is just like heaven, except there's no list to get in.I am so happy that on my first trip to NOLA, I was brought here by a local.  I was blown away by the quality, taste and variety that this place is putting out.  It's a bit of a wait, but worth every second!  The shrimp remoulade  and fried green tomato po-boy fully dressed was seriously unreal, taste all the way, being from NY I just have never had anything like this.  You must go if you are able, I wished I lived here so I could come and eat here every week until I tried everything.  Seating is communal and fun, I like meeting people so this was great, I know some people don't like that.  My mouth is watering now writing this, I wish I had me one of those po-boys right now!!!  Ugh!  I was here in March of 2013Really great poboy experience, very fresh food! Reasonably priced comparatively. Go here for a no-tourist-BS great poboy!Great Po-Boys... Artsy interior, good service, cheap, and worth the wait.  I recommend the hot Italian sausage or the duck... yeah, duck Po-Boy.  Keep your cup to help the memories survive :).This is a cool spot right down the road from the hospital. It's an order-at-the-counter-then-find-a-seat type place; you'll probably have to make new friends and sit at a community table (which was fun)! :) I had the seafood stuffed mirliton with macaroni and cheese, I was pleasantly surprised when it came out on a bed of fried shrimp with a side salad. My husband had a shrimp poboy with fries and those were tasty as well. I appreciate that they use washable plates, cups, and flatware as well as paper for service, not wasting as much as some spots do. We were also checked on twice while we ate and someone came and bussed our table very politely. Good vibes here, definitely planning to go back.Fantastic Duck Po' Boy!  My wife's Roast Beef Po' Boy was just okay. I will be back.My oh my..Crabby Jack's is beyond words. I don't think this review will do its justice. You will just need to go here to understand the feeling. 
I'm from Houston, we're pretty close to NOLA, but I have yet to find a po-boy as good as the ones here. The bread is fresh and perfect. Soft but not too soft to hold the sandwich. Their shrimp po-boys are overfilling with shrimp!! So much shrimp!! Usually, I'm used to 6 shrimps per sandwich, 7 if I'm lucky. At Crabby Jack's there are probably about half a pound to a pound of shrimp!! Just look at the pictures, they do not lie. *Disclaimer: I forgot to take a picture of my sandwich because I ate it too fast.
Their gumbo is good too. $3 for a legit hearty cup of gumbo.Wow what amazing poboys this place offers. I was there with family and we ordered a variety of them and shared. The shrimp poboy comes with enough of the most perfectly seasoned and fried shrimp to make two poboys. The duck poboy and fried green tomato with a shrimp remoulade are excellent. If you are not close by it is worth the drive. The secret is out and crowds are to be expected.Re a favor.
As local as it gets. Crabby Jack's es un sucucho (sucucho, amo) en un barrio residencial que saca po-boys (sándwiches) y gumbos y comidas rápidas locales de forma casera, barata y gigantes.
Los sándwiches eran ENORMES. Hay clásicos como de langostinos, ostras fritas, pez frito y muchos más. Yo me pedí el típico de pulled pork a la bbq con salsa de la casa y una porción de Jambalaya (tipo un guiso).
Genial todo, rico, y ENORME. El sándwich por 1 dolar más lo pedís en versión king y es casi el doble de grande.
El espacio es medio choto y barato, pero es la idea. Todo decorado con Dr Bob (otra vez!)
Las bebidas salen de una máquina y te podés llevar el vaso de recuerdo (obvio lo tengo acá).
Aguante Crabby Jacks.This place is a gem. I searched yelp for the best po boy in town and found this place. This place is popular with the locals and I understand why. The food was hot, fresh, and amazing. The shrimp po boy had so much shrimp and of course I couldn't finish it all in one sitting. My family enjoyed their food as well. The staff was super friendly. Unfortunately, we did get some weird stares from the patrons but it didn't deter us. Try it out!you can't go wrong up in here.    this "commissary" for jaques imos is just as stellar as Jaques Imos.   
cochon de lait
fluer de bris
mac n cheese 
red beans n rice
gumbo
buffalo hot wings
jesus, will need to diet after this visit.  
kudo's.Perhaps the most perfect fried oyster po' boy I have ever tasted. Regret not finding this place sooner. My only complaint is the limited hours they are open. The food is worth the wait.I've passed this place a thousand times and never stopped to see why the parking lot was always full, or nearly full.  Well I'm glad I finally got to patronize this establishment.  I ordered a House Salad with Grilled Shrimp on the side.  After paying at the register,  the salad was delivered shortly after I prepared a Sweet Tea, and sat at the window counter looking at the passing traffic on Jefferson Avenue.  The salad was huge, and included mixed greens, sliced cucumbers, red onion rings, shredded carrots, and sliced tomatoes with a tangy dressing.  The grilled shrimp were the small sized variety, but plentiful, tender and seasoned to a succulent, savory flavor.  The Sweet Tea was self-serve and refillable, and the condiments included fresh sliced lemons to enhance beverages or sprinkle on seafood.  This was truly a delightfully satisfying lunch experience.Best po boys!
The atmosphere is very basic and from the road this looks like nothing. Having said that, the po boys are bomb diggity. Oyster, shrimp, cochon de lait, slow roasted duck, green tomato shrimp remoulade, just go for their signature ones.
Kinda pricey for a po boy but really worth it. Whenever my mom comes into town she needs to come here. Friends always love this place too. So worth it!Huge and delicious po-boys--we tried the shrimp and 1/2 shrimp/1/2 oyster, both were amazing!I was trying to explain po-boys to out of towners and part way through I started to realize how not impressive they really sound when you realize how much it sounds like a grinder or a submarine, but next time I get the what's all the fuss about look I'll just shove a slow-roasted duck po boy or cochon de lait po boy into their mouth.
Gourmet messy. It's the best. Haven't tried any of the other food here. Don't know if I will because it's the kind of thing by now where I can't go there and NOT order one of those po-boys.
The location is kinda weird and random, but whatevs.I haven't been to Crabby Jack's in ages. I just had to had to stop by when I noticed it was open. The food smelled amazing! Everything that I have ever had here has been great. Today I decided to order the blackened fish with dirty rice and it was phenomenal. The fish was well seasoned and moist. Dirty rice was just out of this world. It's very few place you can go to that doesn't disappoint you every time you go and this is one of those places.I've had a few things here. The po-boys are uniformly excellent, with the one quibble that they do not toast the bread. If they did, it would be the best po boys in town. The shrimp remoulade, fleur de bris and fried seafood po boys are exemplary. The cochon de lait is, well, cochon de lait with barbeque sauce on it, which I do not find appealing. The duck po boy is debris style, and the result doesn't distinguish itself as one might think. Cooked this way it is hardly discernible from roast beef or pork. The mac and cheese is a little too much like kraft mac and cheese. The entrees are ok, nothing special - stick to the po-boys.The slow roasted duck po boy is one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten in my life, and that's no hyperbole. If you're lucky to make it down to Jack's during their limited business hours (close at 3 most days) then you're in for a treat. Go with one of the Po Boys to start - if it sounds good, chances are it is. My favorites are the duck, the oyster, and the Fleur de Bree (which is ham and roast beef debris) though I haven't had a bad meal there yet. Expect to pay around $10 for a sandwich - which at first appears steep - but you get your $10 worth.What is more synonymous to New Orleans than po-boys?  
This is a topic very few people can agree because expectations and standards vary more than the melting pot which is new orleans.  So i have decided to set the rules which a poboy shop should be graded on.
Rule 1.)   A poboy shop is more than just a place that makes the best only one type of sandwich,   eg.  best roast beef or the best shrimp.. The whole menu must be considered.
Rule 2.)  I don't want to hear about the bread because that is only one aspect of the poboy,  eg.  A nice ass means nothing if the woman looks like she lives on bourbon street.
With these 2 rules to help guide me,  I must admit Crabby Jacks surpasses all of the other shops out there.  Sorry Parkview Tavern...  I am an advocate of craby jacks because their menu is like the city,  eclectic and flavorful.  I believe most descent places can make an above average shrimp poboy but Crabby Jacks goes a step further and has created the fried green tomates and shrimp poboy.  They even have incorporated a calamari poboy and a duck poboy into their menu meanwhile still carrying the local basics,  eg.  catfish,  oyster,  and shrimp poboy.  Yes their bread is amazing,  yes their sandwiches are overstuffed,  and yes their menu is adventurous.  But it is the combination of all of these factors which enables me to proclaim that,  Crabby Jacks is the best or damnit.Last meal this trip to NOLA. Missed Jacques-Imo's so squeezed this in before the flight out. (same ownership)
I will leave this as a tip but remember if you order fried chicken it takes 30 minutes. 
The chicken was wonderful, the skin was really crispy and had a flavor reminiscent of pork cracklings. Really tender, fresh, and simple. This was the best item out of what we ordered by far.
The mac and cheese was pretty gross, starchy and gooey like Velveeta. Lost a star there. If this is what native NOLAnians prefer, so be it, but it wasn't far from what KFC serves. Maybe we should have added some ketchup? :-)
Half/half po boy, simple, fresh, no frills, delish. 
Jambalaya side, solid, not memorable but good.
Gumbo - nice deep roux, lots of chunks, again, simple and solid. 
I would love to explore the menu, other dishes looked interesting like cochon de lait, and the fleur de bris. Great choice for solid, simple, working man's lunch fare in the NOLA area. Don't expect to be blown away, especially if you are familiar with Cajun food and the like, but listen, this is really good! 
Be sure to come early if you are coming during lunch because this place gets really busy fast.we were driving down Jefferson Ave and decided to stop in for a quick lunch. I'd heard about the place but we had never been there. It was wonderful!
We shared a po boy and mac and cheese and everything was great. Super friendly service and clean cute place. 
I can't wait to go back to try the fried shrimp poboy!WOW. 
In case you can't tell from the other reviews, this place is run by the same fine folks who own Jacques-Imos. The kicker? The prices are actually affordable. Sure, the bill can kind of add up, but I dare you to leave this place hungry. 
Actually we did. Why? Because we got take out, and ate it out by the fly. But then after that point, we were completely stuffed. The po-boys are all delicious. The duck po-boy is amazing, as is the cochon de lait. Though some claim that the duck po-boy's duck-flavor is kind of masked by the gravy, I think that it's still pretty good. The fish of the day is always super super fresh. 
The best thing though, is the seafood mirliton. You get a nice mix of fried foods with comfort food. The mirliton is something like a green tomato, but with more structure. The seafood stuffing is so so good, and with fried shrimp and special sauce on top, I'm pretty much in heaven. This place is a little out there, but if you're in Uptown, it's worth the trip. Hell, it's worth the trip from anywhere in the city, because this place is so freaking good. 
When you go though, don't expect a nice sit-down restaurant. They have tables, which are kind of cramped quarters. Most people just take out, and considering how close the Fly, or Audubon park are, you have no excuse not to take out, pick up a sixer of Abita and enjoy the outdoors with such an exquisitely delicious meal. 
I wish this place wasn't Lunch only, but hey what can ya do.Excellent! Had the shrimp poboy and have to say one of the best poboys I've had. Bread is just right and shrimp is delicious. Can't wait to go again.Delicious! Always busy so come early. You can't go wrong with either  the slow roasted duck, cochon de lait, or fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade. Oh! And get the Mac and cheese! A little spicy, super cheesy.Since moving to New Orleans from Los Angeles I have become obsessed with Po'boys and trying many amazing ones. It wasn't until my friend who has lived in NOLA all her life brought me to Crabby Jack's. Everything I have tried on this menu is amazing, the BQ beef po' boy is to die for. Mac and cheese creamy and with a kick (jalapeño), and the fried chicken so juicy even the breast is not dry. Every time I  have friends from out of town I take them to this New Orleans treasure. Staff are always nice and friendly and so are the customers. With picnic bench seating you get friendly with others.Crabby Jack's has a very plain exterior, but the cozy interior has very interesting artwork, all about. You have to order at the counter. We ordered fried seafood plates- Catfish & Shrimp and Catfish. Both had large portions and were accompanied by nice side salads. We found the food to be good, overall, and we recommend this place. RJTIncredible portions! Incredible flavor! And just like "she" said, Crabby Jack's fried chicken is probably one of the best things you could ever put in your mouth!I love traditional New Orleans cuisine. Crabby Jacks Delivers!!!!  Seafood platter, calamari platter, and ROAST DUCK POBOY!!!!!  Superb!  Small, clean, courteous and enough choices to satisfy ANY palate.I was recommended this place by a number of locals and I was disappointed. I've been in New Orleans maybe a year or so now and am always looking for good local food for the rare occasions I eat out. Many Crabby Jack's plastic cups are strewn across my place of work.
The atmosphere was what I expected, basic, tile floor with self serve drinks like many a barbecue place I've been to across the south. I ended up getting the catfish poboy. The fish was hands down the worst catfish I've ever had. The bread was good, the dressing was fine, but for whatever reason the actual catfish part of the sandwich was bland, poorly breaded and just awful. Maybe I made a mistake in getting the catfish; maybe this place was just too built up.
They're close to where I live and where I work so I will no doubt end up again there someday, I'll try something else and maybe I can update until this review. Until then, I can't really recommend the place.We loved this place! My mom got a shrimp po' boy, my fiancé got the fried green tomato shrimp po' boy, and I had the cheese sandwich and fries. Everyone was so kind to us, the service was quick, and the food was great! We'll be back!Crabby Jack's has the worlds delicious po-boys . Everything on the menu is to die for but the po-boys are the bombGreat twists on traditional NOLA foods (think deep-fried roast beef po-boys, duck po boys). Awesome local joint.Best oyster po-boy and chicken & andouille sausage gumbo in new orleans.  Love it, absolutely HUGE sandwiches and plate lunches.  You can even get a GRILLED shrimp po-boy here which is a welcome change from all the fried food.  We always get here right after they open, because they fill up really quickly.  I keep telling myself I have to order the roast duck po-boy, but I can't get myself away from the oyster, which I know is amazing.  Great food, very fair prices.  Always my first New Orleans stop.Gooood poboys. Pretty large. The bread is perfect for poboys...can't stand when you get bread that's too hard or too soft...it's just right.
Only problem is they don't stay open in the evenings. And be careful when leaving, people fly down Jefferson Hwy. Inside is sort of small...they have tables and chairs and a counter type seating.It was wonderful! Recommend this highly! Great service and delicious food. You won't be disappointed!Great po-boys for a good price!!! Love theoysterpo-boys. Will definitely be back. You wouldn't guess it but they have wonderful salads too. Even the small is huge. You can top them with fried oyster, fried shrimp, or chicken. Get the jacque-imo's dressing - it's like a honey mustard/poppyseed dressing mix. Sweet and yummy. All for less than $8. 
I wasn't too impressed with the duck po boy, tasted like turkey with gravy to me. 
Still my favorite place for po-boys in the city.Whenever I find myself venturing out towards Old Jefferson I start craving a Crabby Jack's po'boy.  I fell in love with their cochon de lait po'boy after one bite. So freakin good. A cochon de lait is probably my favorite po'boy when done correctly, and sister, they have got this one down. Crabby Jack's allows me to get through the time between Jazz Fest without going crazy with my pig cravings. The bread they use isn't the best and can get a little soggy if allowed to sit for awhile. It doesn't matter, the important part is the filling anyway. It is very similar to a pulled pork BBQ sandwich, but almost has a creamy taste to it. Sorry, I had to wipe up my drool. I've also tried the shrimp and duck po'boy. I really enjoyed the duck, but the sandwich itself was just too much for me. I was happier in my first few bites than I was with finishing the sandwich. The shrimp, eh. There are much better shrimp po'boys in the city for the money.  Although I feel like I write this in many reviews, this is a place to be patient. The staff seems in no rush to serve you or anyone else. Lunch time is ridiculously crazy, so head out there around 2pm. Seating is also a bit iffy, I'd recommend grabbing a seat at the high table by the window or just taking it to go. The owner also owns Jacque Imo's (as you've seen in other reviews). I'm not a fan of Jacque's but the cochon de lait makes me love Jack's. 
Breakdown of scatter brained review: (3.5 stars overall but downgrading to 3 for service mostly)
Cochon de lait: 5 stars!
Duck Po'boy: 4 stars     Shrimp po'boy: 2 stars
Atmosphere: 3 stars 
Service: 1.5 starsMore of a 3.5. I had the Oyster and Shrimp  Poboy and the the read beans and rice. I was expecting a little move of a flavor pinch from the Poboy. The beans were hearty and tasty. Had a side of Remoulade sauce that was quite good.I was craving a po-boy, and what do you know, a top rated po-boy place was right around the corner from where I was. Schawing!
I had a fried shrimp poboy, dressed, and based on other's reviews, the mac and cheese.
The poboy was overstuffed, as advertised. The fried schwimps were absolutely amazing, and I was quite happy to see so many of them that they were unable to be contained in the poboy roll. I will return here just for this sandwich, and eventually will try other choices on the menu.
The mac and cheese? I had 2 bites and tossed it. I cannot recommend it.Would you expect anything less from the lunch dinner done by jack?
Monster, delicious po-boys that have distinct flavors. (fried green tomatoes, rabbit and god knows what else)
Crowded with long lines for a reason, but still can be a little much at times. Also will put you into a food coma for next 36 hours. Dropped a star because its really an effort.
Don't be afraid to take the whole menu for a walk.Our friends we were staying with told us about Crabby Jack's and how it wasn't to be missed on this trip.  They were not lying, this place is absolutely amazing.
We had the shrimp Po Boy, which was incredible.  We also had the Gumbo, which was beyond incredible.  A smoky flavor that wasn't too intense, just right.  We originally ordered the small side but before leaving went back for a large to go!
Same owner as Jaque-imo's, and you can tell in the quality.I could kick myself for not checking in here the last four visits. So let me begin by saying this is the best place we have found so far to get shrimp, oyster and catfish poboys. Believe me, Lent is starting to feel really long so I'm grateful to be able to drop in on a Friday to assuage my lazy appetite!
So, easy-peasy, the sandwiches are fantastic. What I fantasize about though, is the remoulade sauce. I could eat that stuff straight. But why eat it straight when you can have it over fried green tomatoes? Yes, the fried green tomatoes are AH-MAY-ZING! 
So hear this my friends and family. If you come to New Orleans and you want a po-boy. This is where we're going!Crabby Jacks, New Orleans, LA
If you are looking for a spot to get decent food relatively quick, this is probably your spot. I can not honestly say this place is great, although I visited with rather high expectations. I was able to taste the oyster po boy which was too mayonnaise-ey for me, the blackened catfish which was too oily, and the Greek salad which was drenched in dressing. As I am writing this, I am realizing how critical I sound. Let me clarify, the food was decent as I said, but could have used some revisions. 
The service was nice. No one pulled out the red carpet, but people were polite, knowledgeable of the menu, and timely. The environment was nice and layer back. I would call this place a pretty casual spot to pick up a quick sandwich and move on with your life. Overall, I believe my experience here was just ok.I love Jacques Imo's, it is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  When I found out that he has a sandwich shop, I was excited to try it out.  
I took my girlfriend, so we split a shrimp po' boy and their fried chicken.  The fried chicken takes at least 20 minutes (took us 35) so keep that in mind when ordering.  The shrimp po' boy came out quickly.  It was very good.  Not the best I have had, but definitely worth ordering.  The problem is the fried chicken.  The are known at Jacques Imo's at having outstanding friend chicken, unfortunately it does not transfer to here too.  It was lack lust and had very little flavor (2 stars).    
Another plug about this place is that they have have large sized water cups, I try to stay away from cokes so having to continually refill tiny cups annoys me!This place is a little off the beaten path, especially if you are not a local (or "loc" as I like to call them). It is on Jefferson Highway near Oschner Hospital. It is very unassuming from the outside and the parking lot has potholes bigger than some on the city streets but once you get past that you are welcomed to some delicious food at reasonable prices. 
During my most recent visit, I had the fried green tomato and shrimp romelade po-boy that was full of decent size shrimp and served on very fresh French bread. It was enough to keep me full for quite a while and was only $10 for the larger version (although I am not sure they actually gave me the larger one). My girlfriend had the oyster po-boy. I would not say it was the best oyster po-boy I have tasted but it was up there. It was unbelievable the number of oysters they put on it. Toward the end she had to just start picking out the oysters. It may have been because we waited a couple of minutes to start eating it but the oysters seemed a little soggy and not quite as crisp as they could have been. 
In the past I have tried the duck po-boy and some of the side dishes. Everything I have tried has been good. For those of you who don't know, this is owned by the same guy who owns Jacque Imo's but it is much easier to get a table here.This is a five star place for a reason... the po'boys are 100% original and not your typical sandwiches. I love the roasted duck po'boy, the fried green tomato and shrimp ramoulade, and calamari. Their dressing is used with the freshest ingredients and the portions are huge! This place is great to show visitors what a true po'boy in new orleans is. Note: This place is only open for lunch on weekdays. DO NOT GO FOR DINNER OR WEEKENDS you are only setting yourself up for disappointment.If You're ever in New Orleans and in the mood for a Po Boy sandwich THIS is the place to be. It's away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter and locals eat here all the time. 
The sandwiches may seem pricey but You definitely get your money's worth. They are made to order, wrapped in white butcher paper, and can get really messy when you're eating (so don't wear white).
I have tried their 1/2 shrimp 1/2 oyster, roast duck, and fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade. All were tasty and filling. They sell their po boys in two sizes. Order the regular if You are thinking about getting a side with it. It's a small and cozy shop so if they get busy during lunch be prepared to share a table.The 4 stars is only based in comparison to other New Orleans poboys. As great a food city Nola is, poboys are not as good as sandwiches from Philadelphia (the world heaven for sandwiches), with the exception of Cochon Butcher and maybe Killer Poboys.
Had the duck, the fried shrimp, and fried green tomatoes shrimp remolaude poboys.
Duck was blah. Fried shrimp is good, but tastes like any other good shrimp poboy. The fried green tomatoes shrimp remolaude was definitely the best. The bread they use is softer than other places. 
Also had their jambalaya which was seriously blah.
Really want to try their other specialty poboys.Ohhhh Crabby Jacks is amazing killer Poboys my favorite is the roast beef. Slow cooked roast beef with yummy gravy dressed but you might wanna eat it there or your bread will be nice and soggy. But its absolutely delicious!Hands down the best local whole-in-the-wall place in NO! Their po' boys are so humongous and so juicy. Even their buns were excellently tasty! It's a must-go place in New Orleans, even though it's a good 15 minute drive from the French Quarter.Best gumbo I've had in New Orleans.  Small place and super busy at lunch time.  Everyone in my group enjoyed their meal.  Also pretty affordable.  I will comeback on my next trip. Would highly recommend.Loaded with shrimp on a soft french bread roll, tasty.  Very busy on a Sat afternoon but quick, friendly, efficent service, but nowhere to sit. $11.99 for a shrimp po boy and a drink.Holy cow! What an amazing place! We brought some family (who were visiting from Chicago) here for lunch and I can now say this is officially our favorite po-boy place. The sides were delicious. (Try the mac and cheese! It has jalapeños in it!) The potato salad was very good - cold and chunky, the way it should be. I had the shrimp po-boy and it was easily the best shrimp po-boy I've had. You definitely need to check this place out!When ever I want a really fantastic New Orleans po-boy, I come to Crabby Jacks! The best po-boy on the menu is the fried green tomato shrimp remoulade po-boy. You will be a messy sticky mess after you eat this thing, but it will be the best thing you ever put in your mouth!  
Crabby Jacks is only open for lunch, and you can usually guarantee it will be packed if you go right around noon. But even with the crowd they have fast service and you won't wait long for an amazing sandwich wrapped in parchment paper.service was super efficient and friendly, we had our order in and food out within 10 minutes. we took our plastic cups with us; a cute lil keepsake from a yummy visit. will definitely be returningThis is a great spot for a poor boy shop...come to think of everyplace is a great spot. But, this place is fun. 
When you walk in, there is plenty of sensory stimulation. You can smell the fryers going, hear the roar of a hopping place, and look at more interesting colors and items than you can shake a stick at. You can tell this place is run by some very creative people.
Now down to the food. I have never been dis satisfied with any menu item here. There is quite a variety of Poor boys, plate lunches, some salads, fried seafood...all good. 
I have seen other reviews saying its the "best ever" or "most awesome," or other such absolute terms for their comparisons. IMHO it is not those things. I think this is a first experience for some of these folks. I get the excitement. 
However, growing up in New Orleans, I have come across many, many neighborhood places and would describe Crabby Jack's like this:  It is a very nice, unique, fun, and enjoyable place. Their dishes and sandwiches are decent. It is definitely worth a visit.
I have been a few times, and will go back again (as well as my other poor boy haunts)! Hope this helps. Bon Appetite!Related to Jacques Imo's.  One of my favorite po'boy places with great traditional and less traditional fillings. 
Favorites are: Shrimp and Oyster po'boys, calamari po'boy, cochon de lait po'boy, fried green tomato po'boy, macaroni and cheeseGreat po boys, sides, salads. Average prices for typical N'awlins food. Poor Service. It gets pretty crowded around lunch time and its a small place, so it would be best to go when the crowds aren't there (hello, i am captain obvious). When it isn't crowded it takes far too long to get your food for the number of employees they have working. If you have a lot of free time this is a good lunch spot with many excellent choices.This is my most frequented establishment for poboys. Needless to say, I'm going to say this right now. They have the best shrimp poboys in town and if you're not from NOLA let me tell you, this is a very bold statement.
The poboys are pretty large even for a regular size, and they're not at all afraid to overstuff the sandwich with fresh shrimp. Best of all, all of their menu items are amazing. The fried chicken for instance will take a long time to prepare, but it is juicy and perfectly crispy on the outside. Their pasta is to die for, and they even serve great gumbo. I don't know what more you could want in a local cajun joint. 
You will most likely share tables with others as the seating is a tad limited.Excellent food, tight quarters.
If you go at lunch, prepare to wait. The food at Crabby Jack's is awesome and everyone knows it, so you will have to wait in line for your poboy. The restaurant is small so I often opt to take my food to go to escape the crowd. Typically less crowded the hour before closing l.Just ok.  Had a shrimp and oyster poboy. The shrimp in the poboy were the small shrimp. They may have been the frozen kind.  I hope that I am wrong about that.  The oysters were good.  Nothing signature about it.  Had fried green tomatoes. There were bland and as well.  When I come to NO I'm looking for a signature flavor.  This place lacked that to me.  The service was great.  Nice attentive ppl work here.I had seen so many features on the Food Network and the Travel Channel on Po Boy's that I had to have one during my visit to New Orleans.   Crabby Jack's is a tiny little place with tight communal tables. I had the regular fried oyster and shrimp po boy.  First of all, this is the biggest sandwich I have ever had.  It was so big that my sister, my husband and I could barely finish one.  Ours was stock piled with fried oysters and shrimp with fresh lettuce and tomatoes.   The bread was super soft and it was slathered with tons of mayo.  The  fried oysters and shrimp were awesome- it had just the right amount of batter and it was super hot and fresh out of the fryer.  Both the oysters and the shrimp were really big and meaty, too.  It's not something you can eat often but it's definitely a must if you're in town!This is a good little restaurant. The food is tasty and worth getting every so often. If youblooking for a non-formal place to eat, give them a try.Great locals place with incredible duck po-boy and fried green tomatoes. We had lunch here on a Saturday and it wasn't that crowded.This place knows how to do fried shrimp. Perfect, delicious overstuffed po-boys.Food was quite greasy. It didn't strike me with the 'New Orleans flair' I thought I would be receiving as a tourist. The boudain was okay, expected better. The fish looked like chicken strips and tasted extremely 'fishy' if that makes sense. The shrimp were tasty, however the red beans and rice were not very good. If you're in the area I think it's okay to try, however I will not return unfortunately. Sorry Jack!Hadn't been here in years and usually get Slow Roasted Duck or Fried Green Tomato Poboy so this may be a bit specific. Got the slow roasted duck most recently, still flavorful but remember the portion of duck being larger.I've always loved Crabby Jacks, great divey atmosphere.  Yes the parking lot is small and yes they are only open for lunch and early dinner, but to me that may be some of the appeal.  Always packed during lunch time and for good reason, get there early if you can.
$8-10 may seem like a lot to some for a po-boy, but these are big enough for half for lunch, then half for dinner.  Excellent bread and fresh toppings.  The roast duck is my go-to, wife swears by the fried green tomato shrimp remoulade po-boy.  King size po-boy makes it two meals, easily.
Just outside of New Orleans city limits, but totally worth the short trip.  Even Chef Jacques himself was there! Make sure you keep your go cup, a great addition to any New Orleans kitchen cabinet.
All the artwork on the walls is also for sale, done by local legend Dr. Bob.We were visiting New Orleans, and went to Crabby Jack's based solely on Yelp recommendations, and it was great!  Not the nicest area, but the parking lot was full, and the restaurant was crowded with happy customers!  Had the shrimp po boy, and it was great!!  Definitely go on an empty stomach!  We stuck with the basic po boys, but they had many more creative options on the menu!If you are looking for the grease and oils of Southern hospitality, look no further than Crabby Jack's.  This place actually has some pretty decent tasting food, but it is not one of the places I would repeat as a health freak myself.  
Nevertheless, the poboys are well known here.  A poboy is a New Orleans speciality, which basically has a friend item with some kind of thousand island like sauce into a sandwich.  It actually tastes pretty good, but my body felt sluggish the rest of the day.  It would be nice if they put a few healthy vegetables to counter the fat and oils.  
I may sound crabby and be one of the few people to give lower ratings.  I will give it at least a 3 star because it attracts a huge crowd.I have been coming here for eight years and have always had a delicious po boy or lunch plate. Everything they do is good. The quality is very high. Prices are fine. Service is great. Love this place!Ok I love Jacques-imo's but I was really disappointed with this place. I got the roast beef poboy and it was bad. There are MUCH better places in New Orleans to get a poboy.Had the Cochon de Lait Fully Dressed and it was AMAZING!  Just the right heat, tang from vinegar, and full, sweet chili flavor. Bread could have been toasted better for MY tastes, but chew, crumb, and flavor were spot on NOLA.I'm trying not to kill my weight loss but...when in New Orleans...you must eat New Orleans food!
A friend suggested getting a shrimp po boy but I thought about the bread...I couldn't do it. But, I opted for the shrimp platter with the house salad and red beans and rice. The shrimp was plentiful and tasty. It was really enough for later or to share. I did neither! The house salad had romaine lettuce and tomatoes and was tossed with Italian dressing. The red beans and rice was fine. 
There was a nice crowd of people when I got there and when I left. I probably waited 15 minutes for my to go order. I had no problem with that. My hot food was still hot when I got to my destination less than 15 minutes later. I plan on coming here again.Some of the best po-boys we've found in the city. I usually have a degree of food envy for whatever my husband orders, but this time I think we both liked what the other had but loved our own even more. He had the duck po-boy  and I had the shrimp and friend green tomato po-boy (sucker for anything with remoulade). We got the full sized sandwiches which was more than enough for two meals. Will be back!I really can't give an honest review for this establishment because after sitting in traffic for 25 minutes and finally arriving at Crabby Jack's, we disover that they were closed.
Who closes a poboy shop in the middle of summer in New Orleans?
I've heard nothing but great things about it and was EXTREMELY disappointed that they were closed.These poboys are some of the best in the city.  I have not tried any of the seafood so I cannot comment on that, but their specialties are amazing.  I have had the duck, brisket, and cochon de lait.  Personally, I like the brisket the best.  It's one of those sandwiches where you know you are full and probably shouldn't eat more, but you really just can't put it down. 
It is certainly a bit on the pricey side of poboys, but if you get the king size you could definitely share with somebody else and be completely satisfied.  My only complaint is they do not stay open late but I will definitely return to explore more of the menu, or maybe just get another brisket.Good but pricey -- $16 for an oyster po' boy has to be the record for the area. Admittedly it feeds two people, but you could say that about po' boys at any number of places.I must have driven by this place a million times! Never again will I be able to just drive by now that I have eaten here. This is a goooood sandwich placewith a great atmosphere. Try the duck.. It's melt in your mouth good. Keep your eyes open and don't pass it up, you won't regret is.Best lunch spot in town! Everything you can order is amazing from the jalapeno mac & cheese to the roast beef po boy. I've never been dissapointed!
They cook fast and the food is always consistent, my only complaint would be that the place gets so packed that it's hard to find a parking spot sometimes!Foodwise this place has great, over-stuffed po-boys, the type you should be taking your friends to that come in from out of town that want to know what all the hype of a great po-boy is all about. At least that was the case til today (ok it still will be, but right now I'm mad).
Went in for lunch today with a couple that was spending their last few moments of a vacation in NOLA before heading home on a 10-hour road trip. I suggested they get a shrimp/oyster po-boy and a duck po-boy for the ride. When we got there a guy was sitting down and right after we ordered he complained that his ham/cheese po-boy was actually sausage and cheese. Uh-oh, kitchen screw-up. Happens.
We got our po-boys and left. Several hours into their drive they text me - oyster/shrimp: phenomenal. Duck? Not Duck. Roast beef. WTF. If they wanted roast beef they could have hit a Subway on the way home.
Jacques- get your kitchen crew in line.Loved it. Stopped by on a Saturday around 1:30 and the line was to the door.  I got a 1/2 fried oyster 1/2 fried shrimp po boy. Wife got the fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade. Also got an order of onion rings to split.  WOW , what a fantastic sandwich. And the wives was fantastic as well. Will probably kick it up to 5 stars when we have eaten here again ( and again and again and again......etc. )This place had great, giant po-boys.  The only issue I had was they weren't selling oysters because of the oil spill- which is good now that I think about it.  This is a really tiny place and it can be hard to get seating but so worth it.Not the fanciest but sure my favorite overstuffed Po'boy (this is half of a regular). Great friendly service and easy going atmosphere.I mean I don't even know what to say here.  The best duck Po' boy I have ever had with slaw.  The Green tomatoes are killer and a fantastic batter on them, no gritty corn meal on them.  Staff was awesome in making suggestions and right next to an amazing antique place. Win win for me! Thank you!Such a great place to eat lunch...we pulled up to the drab interior and hoped the reviews were right. They were right this place is great! The interior is interesting and homey feeling. We had the gumbo and the fried green tomatoes and they were delicious. I recommend this restaurant for a great place to eat some Cajun food and a great environment to hangout.Their hours cater to the lunch crowd and the parking lot is horrible. -1 for that! 
I finally managed to get here when they were open. 1pm on a Friday there was no line but every table was full. Ordering was easy and fast. 
I got regular roast beef (which is a 12" poboy!) for $8, that is a good deal.  The roast beef ranks 2nd on my list of best in NOLA. Parkway remaining #1.  This sandwich was the messiest I've had thus far. The tiny shreds of beef didnt want to stay on the bread leading to some messy hands! (see pic), perhaps one of the main reasons its not #1. A more meaty texture is preferrable. The beef was flavorful, you could see slices of garlic in the meat. The delicious gravy was indeed a gravy - not an au jus.  The issue was the bread was a bit to soft.  It didnt have that slightly crunchy exterior that I love. Dont think it was leidenheimer bread. 
Can't wait to return.Favorite place to get a roast beef poboy in New Orleans. The macaroni and cheese is really great as well. So happy every time I get a chance to come here!Went for the poboys, left with gumbo too! Got the roast duck poboy and chicken and andouille gumbo, great choices, loved them bothBest Po Boys ever.  Not formal, benches to sit with everyone.  Friendly and phenomenal.Have to make a stop in for the shrimp poboys when I'm in town.  Roast beef was pretty damn good as well.  Onion rings were very nicely battered and fried. Gumbo delish!  Red beans,  yummm!Best poboy in New Orleans. Surprisingly, they have quite a few salad and healthy options as well.The BEST shrimp poboy and dirty rice I have ever had. I have tried 5 different shrimp poboy sandwiches in New Orleans and this is definitely the BEST one...HIGHLY recommend coming here. Food is great and the staff are so polite and nice.Having been away from New Orleans for many years, I always have my sights for a good place to eat when I return.  I found it in this place.  The location is a little off the beaten path, but it is well worth the effort to track it down.  My uncle and I went there to order a couple po-boys -- I had the oyster and he had the shrimp.  Both were great choices.  The atmosphere was pleasant, and the service was very friendly.  We arrived at a busy time during lunch, so seating was a little cramped.  All in al, however, it was a good experience.OMG!!! AMAZING  poboys.  Just eat here.  The shrimp poboy is hands down best in the city.  And the Duck is divine...New Orleans decor, colorful and fun. Packed due to their phenomenal menu of New Orleans eats. I had the shrimp etouffee. Family style seating. Excellent food! Friendly staff as well.Neat little spot for poboys and lunch plates. I had a shrimp poboy and it was good. The only thing I didn't like was that I paid $12 for a regular sized poboy. No side or drink included. It's a little on the pricey side but it is good if you're in the area. I didn't get to try any speciality items on the menu, and I would like to go back to order something else that might have a wow factor. Otherwise, I'd get my shrimp poboys from Cajun Persuasion. They're bigger and cheaper --- taste the same. It's hard to screw up a shrimp poboy.FRIED. SHRIMP. POBOY. I got a regular size and the amount of deliciously fried shrimp on that thing could still feed an army. Served on crusty french bread (YUM) with some kinda veggies or whatever. SHRIMP.
I live in Chicago and I'm seriously considering driving back down to NOLA to try their fried green tomatoes poboy.Loved my half oyster and half shrimp poboy! Best I have had since I moved here a month ago.I am upping this to one of my favorite restaurants on the planet. Shrimp poboys have so much shrimp it is double the amount of your average poboy.  And they taste so good even off the sandwich.    Amazing!!!Yum!!  The fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade poboy was one of the best things I've eaten in a long time.  I craved it so much, the next day, that i searched the whole city for some green tomatoes... searched the internet for a remoulade recipe... and made my own version 3 times, so far- Still not as good as Crabby Jacks, however.  Next time, i'd like to try the duck.  They were out the day that I visited- but thats okay, cause I never would have never discovered the amazingness.  
This will be a regular visit for me.... my bf looked over the menu, and wants to try the rabbit... :)  We'll be back soon!I've drove past this place for years and never stopped in . So I finally stopped and I don't really see what's all the fuss about this place is , I did like the fact they had plate lunches and duck on the menu .. I will give it another try just so I can try something other than a shrimp Poboy...Best Po-Boy I have had in New Orleans...all their po boys are delicious and massive!! I recommend the Shrimp Po Boy, it is overstuffed to the max, puts a smile on my face just to think about it. 
Get the Large and take home what you cant eat, because it still tastes amazing the next day!
Try and goto lunch a little early to avoid the line!Delicious! Had the seafood platter with fried oysters, fried shrimp, jambalaya, and grilled catfish. Everything was really great. The oysters were plump but the breading was flavorful and crunchy. The shrimp were on the smaller side, but also great. My favorite part was the grilled catfish. The seasonings were incredibly flavorful and it was not over cooked and mushy! I would absolutely go back for that over and over. The jambalaya was a hearty side, it just wasn't the most flavorful I have ever had (some might prefer it that way). To top it all off I got a side of remoulade- which was the best I had on my entire trip. I would for sure make sure to get that again next time I go back. 
It can be a little tricky to find seating with a big group during peak times (we went with 5 people). However, I think the grilled catfish, fried oysters and remoulade are definitely worth it!Really like this place. Kind of funky. Great quick service. Best po'boys I have had. Lots of free parking. Been back many times.Once again an amazing meal at one of favorite stops in NOLA!! Today we had the calamari po-boy, onion rings and boudin with creole mustard!! None better in our opinion. Always a great place for lunch!  Their gumbo, jambalaya, dirty rice and other delicacies are really, really good. Nothing fancy but great food and a fun atmosphere!!The fried calamari po-boy was absolutely delicious- order it with a side of remoulade sauce!By far the best po'boy in NOLA! The "overstuffed" po'boy lives up to its name and more! Everything about this place is a must experience.I've driven past this place many times without stopping, since it looks pretty unremarkable, on the outside, but finally ventured inside. To be greeted by charmingly kitschy decor and delicious po' boys. i've been there a few times now. 
The po' boys I've had from here have been fantastic. I typically get either the shrimp or the oyster and the seafood has always been fried perfectly and dressed well. Their bread is on the soft side, which I personally enjoy, and hasn't ever been stale. 
Their sides, however, have typically left something to be desired. The red beans and rice was extremely bland, the fries were on the greasy-soggy side, and the fried tomatoes were nothing special except for the sauce that comes with them. 
I dislike human interaction, so I typically get my food to go as most of the seating is at picnic tables, save for one counter along the wall at the window and sometimes it's crowded. I've never had to wait too long for my order to be ready and the staff are friendly and, more importantly, efficient.This little hole in the wall restaurant is a must to stop at and eat. The SMALL fried shrimp po-boy is anything but small and is AMAZING!! I had a cup of dirty rice which was equally delicious. My husband had the chix and sausage gumbo and it was incredible. I'm weird about my gumbo and I don't like a whole lot of places gumbo but I would take a gallon of this stuff home if I could!!!What you'd expect from the Jacques-Imos people.  Great food, here mostly in po'boy form.  Definitely recommend the soft shells.  Also a good place to get some craw fish.I love taking my out of town guest here when they ask for a poboy. They aren't stingy on the shrimps and their menu is huge. Love the shrimp poboy, mac n cheese, and the seafood plate.This was the best poboy ive ever had! I got the fleur de bree and it was amazing. It was ham and roast beef debris covered in gravy and it was decadent! Its a little out of the way but 100% worth the trip!Ate at many spots while in New Orleans, this was the best! The sandwiches are huge and overstuffed and delicious! Mmmmmm! I'm actually craving Crabby Jacks right now. They do have weird operation hours though. They close early so get there before they shut down. Food is incredible!Best po boys around. Enough said 
Atmosphere is great, staff was great, food was even more incredible.easily the best po boy in town! lived in nola for two months and crabby jacks was my last meal!These are some of the best po-boys in the city, at least to my knowledge. My only complaint is that it is so out of the way and parking is a nightmare.
I've had their fried shrimp and fried oyster. Both were divine, and EXTRA EXTRA OVER STUFFED. Yes it's a few dollars more than most places, but its worth it. Plus they're so huge I usually take half home and eat it for dinner later. (But if you like it hot and fresh or not at all, then split one.)
Remember, you're not going for great table service or great ambience. Its the food thats the draw here.The prep kitchen for Jacques-Imo's is only open for lunch. Known for po-boys, but we settled for a plate lunch and other fixins since we're doing po-boys for dinner! The portions are huge so order accordingly. I enjoyed the communal dining tables because it provided the perfect opportunity to ogle your neighbor's plate!Decided to visit this hole in the wall restaurant on my drive out of New Orleans. Read another review that the fish tacos were good and decided I would try that.  Being a San Diegan, I have a high bar for fish tacos.  I was not disappointed.   Cajun spiced blackened fish inside of blue corn tortilla shells, ordered  with fried green tomatoes on the side which were great, especially when dipped in the sauce, yummy!Friendly service and yummy, fresh food! Went with 3 other people. I got fried green tomatoes with remoulade sauce, regular 1/2 oyster and 1/2 shrimp poboy dressed... hubby got the cochon de lait and my friends got the hamburger poboy and catfish poboy. My poboy was delish. Not over flowing like others said there's was and had more shrimp then oysters but very tasty. Tomatoes were yummy but needed some salt.. my hubbys cochon was tasty! Didn't taste like a traditional cochon de lait poboy but so good at the same time. Can't comment on my friend's food but they ate everything so, it must be yummy.One of the best places in New Orleans. The po boys are slamming, and being right next to the seafood exchange ensures freshness. The blackened gulf fish with the dirty rice is the way to go if you want to finish your meal, because otherwise there is just too much to eat!
If you know you're coming here, do yourself a favor and call ahead for the fried chicken. Reasonably priced, and insanely delicious, it pairs well with a bottle of Crystal (I'm referring to hot sauce here). 
As if that wasn't enough. Get a soda, and you get a plastic cup to bring home. My house is stocked with these!OMG
Crabby Jack's where have you been all my life!
I live in San Francisco now (NOLA born) and make plans to visit this yummy lunch spot every time I'm in town.
What to get:
Duck po-boy, shrimp & remoulade po-boy, fish plate... I'm under the impression that everything is awesome.
I wish you were open more than just for lunch.  
Please open for longer hours!Only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is because of the limited seating and limited parking.  Other than that, let me say, BEST SHRIMP POBOY EVER.  It's how Danny and Clydes USED to be:  a shrimp poboy with so much shrimp on it you can make a 2nd sandwich.  Hamburger poboy is a LOT of meat.  3 patties for the big poboy!  Duck poboy is fantastic too along with the oyster poboy.  And to boot, the entire staff is SO DARN NICE!  The cashiers are all full of smiles and are friendly as can be.  And the décor in the place is awesome!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Oh, and be sure to try the roasted duck po-boy.  Fantastic!so I didnt get to experience what its like on a regular day to day visit because I came at 10:30am (thats when they open) to pick up an order to go. So I can't comment on the service, but I was surprised to see kids (and I don't mean college kids) running the place. 
Duck, shrimp, pork po boys were all off the chain. I ordered the duck and I inhaled (so what if I like food...) it all in like 10 minutes cuz after the 1st bite I couldnt stop. The gumbo was pretty good. Wasn't too dark like some other places, which i like. Jambalaya tasted pretty on point too. And the shrimp was good enough to just pop them in your mouth. I imagine eating them in a sandwhich was even better! 
this place is awesome, definitely a place that you need to stop n check outThis was the first place we went for food on our last trip to New Orleans and my first visit here ever. I wish I had known about it sooner. We had the seafood platter and the fried green tomato po-boy. It's out of the way but worth the trip.Went today and on top of amazing service during lunch hour, the food was on point. I got the fleur debris (grilled ham with roast beef, gravy, and debris). It hit a spot I didn't even knew existed. Got the onion rings and they were fried and seasoned to perfection. Friend got the fried shrimp, which were tasty, although some were a bit small. So glad I work around the corner from here!!!!!Have to update my review to some new items I tried on the menu. I have had the fried chicken with potato salad. The chicken is excellent the potato salad is terrible, they need to go to McHardy and try theirs to learn how to make that dish. The gumbo is not good either, its a blonde rue featuring a lot of broth chicken strips and small diced sausage. The gumbo was horrid. The red beans and rice continues to look like the best side item though I haven't had it yet. The best thing that I have had on the menu and continue to think is their best item other than the chicken is the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomatoes sandwich.Excellent PO BOY sandwich! The shrimp were immaculate! A definite place to return to and eat againCrabby Jack's is truly great food. The place is small and very unassuming with communal tables and a very divers crowd. The food is wonderful. I have a hard time ordering anything other than the Gulf fish with Chipotle (sometimes crab-meat or shrimp) hollandaise. The food as a whole is extraordinary though. I often stop in for lunch and appreciate the speed and quality of the food. Much like going to Jacques-imos only the drive through version. Definitely worth a visit!The premiere purveyor of the po-boy.  
Enjoy panneed rabbit, roasted duck, fried green tomato, and on - or - go for a standard fried oyster, catfish, or other regionally expected favorite.  Only those with a hearty appetite may take down a whole one in one sitting but it is done.
Get there early as it is known to fill up (or call in for pick up!), order some onion rings and a Barq's, and turn off your cell phone.Love this place!  It's a local lunch place and has amazing po boys at the cheapest prices in town for the enormous amount of fresh, delicious food you get.  We've had the rabbit po boy, duck po boy, oyster po boy and fried shrimp po boy.  All were very, very good.  The french bread they come on has a perfect crispy crust and chewy middle.  I think our favorite is still the rabbit po boy.  The onion rings are perfectly breaded.  The salads are also gigantic and incredibly reasonable for how much you get for around $6, and you can add chicken, fried oysters, etc for around $2-3 and they give you plenty.  Seating is pretty limited, but if you wait a few minutes a seat or two usually opens up.  We try to go later in the afternoon and usually have no problems grabbing a seat.Poor seating.  Shrimp remoulade and fried green tomato poboy.  You won't regret it.Took this recommendation from a local. By far the best poboy I have had! And I particularly like the remoulade  Po boy because it is not fried. Good one of a kind restaurant. It is seat your self. I went at about noon on a Friday and didn't have trouble finding two spots. Wonderfully friendly service- they accidentally made an extra Po boy with my order and ended up giving it to me free of charge! I love this place.. And I will be back!Huge Po' Boys served on great bread and overstuffed with your choice of filling. Three of us shared three different samples of Crabby Jacks signature Po' Boys, shrimp, duck and half &half(shrimp and oyster) dressed of course.  Monster portions served on great bread with sides of Jambalaya and Gumbo. All of them were outstanding and I particularly liked the duck version. We each ordered the regular size and none of us could finish it at one sitting so think about that before ordering the king size option. This place is a definite "do again" the next time I'm in the area. Bon Apetité!
"life's too short for bland food, bad wine, weak coffee or cheap whiskey" RayOk, why haven't I came here earlier? Hands down by far the BEST po-boys ever! I'd definitely suggest going early or a little after lunch to avoid crowds. A little pricey but well worth it. You can definitely split a po-boy with someone and it will fill you up quickly. I've been here twice in a matter of a week. Yes, crazy but it's that good. The list of options are endless. 
My first time here I decided to try something different. I ordered the Shrimp Remaloude and Fried Green Tomato Po-Boy. This is a sub that you most locals do prefer. I personally wouldn't get it again just cause it's pretty much a cold shrimp salad. I shared half with a friend who loves shrimp remaloude and he was amazed at how good it was. 
Second time I went simple and got the shrimp po-boy and mac and cheese. This was amazing! These sandwiches are definitely OVER STUFFED as they call it. 
The mac and cheese was great. It had a good spice and flavor to it. 
This is officially my po-boy spot and where I'd take out of town guest to grab lunch. 
Taking it to go? I'd suggest ordering over the phone and picking up to avoid waiting. AHands down best shrimp creole I've ever eaten. Spicy, amazing flavor. So so good. It's a must have if you're a creole person. 
Little restaurant on the edge of Jefferson, full of locals and lots of flavor!
Side item fried green tomatoes- really good! 
shrimp po boy- it was giant!! Overstuffed with shrimp and delicious. Not a huge po boy person so can't really rate it compared to other places. 
can't wait to come back again!The best poboys in town by far...... Shrimp poyboy probably comes with close to 50 fried shrimp, so go hungry or take your big eating significant other. Not open for dinner or Sunday lunch, so plan around that.There's not much to be said about this place that hasn't been said already.  This place is an unbelievable New Orleans lunch.  I've tried just about everything on the menu.  Awesome po-boys: Shrimp, oyster, catfish, duck, cochon, fried green tomato, calamari.  You can't go wrong with any of these or a mix of any of these.
Great sides, fried chicken is the bomb, and the platters are fantastic too.  Heaping amounts of fried seafood + delicious side + salad = BlissCame here today for the first time in two years..just as good as before :) I got the shrimp remoulade & fried green tomato po-boy, and I recommend it undressed, as the sauce from the shrimp remoulade is absolutely succulent enough without throwing that mayo trash on there. My friend got the slow-roasted duck and was obsessed with it. The nice lady making salad also gave us a free huge shrimp salad - usually shrimp on salad grosses me out, but this was divine..
Also, they use REAL salad leaves in their salad! Like dark leafy green spinach & arugula! Big plus for no roughage. 
It's on the way to/from the airport which can be timed perfectly in the right situations. I hate that they close at 3 PM though..Now I see why there was a line damn near outside the door... eventhough there was a wait it was WELL worth it! Got a half/half shrimp & catfish po'boy and it was HUGE..  You get your money's worth and then some, I'm a little ashamed to admit I couldn't finish it until the next day, and the fries are good too, staff extremely pleasant amongst all the comotion...I walked over from my office to Crabby Jack's for lunch today and it was delicious. I had a large salad which cost $4 and was so big I ate it for two meals. Next time I'll spring for the $3 small.
Great service too, even though it was the full-on lunch rush and they were really busy. Sometimes it's a good thing to work way out in the middle of nowhere.Great po-boys! I'm a self named po-boy connoisseur and these blew me away! I got the catfish and the boyfriend got the calamari.  Each had freshly fried fish and the bread is amazing!!! Best poboy bread it the city!!! 
Inside of this store is adorable and so New Orleans (you wouldn't know it given the bleak exterior).  The cashiers are super friendly.  The food is fresh and fast, even though the line was out the door on the Saturday afternoon that we went it was less than 10 minutes before we were gorging ourselves on fried deliciousness :) 
Definitely will go back to try fried green tomatoes and macaroni and cheese.
Also, the regular size poboys are big enough to share :)Massive po-boys? Check
Great flavors and ingredients? Check
Reasonable price point? Check
Ridiculous lines with absolutely no seating and clueless staff? Check, check, and check.
THE GOOD
Po-Boys:  So the menu calls them "Over-Stuffed Sandwiches" and I gotta say, although it's an odd title when every customer already knows they're po-boys, Crabby Jack's couldn't be more right.  They cram as much as possible of whatever you order into their Leidenheimer bread.  So far I've had their shrimp, oyster, catfish, duck, and cochon de lait, and each one has been stuffed to absolute capacity.  On top of that, their ingredients are top-notch as far as po-boys go.  The shrimp aren't jumbo but they aren't baby either, and the other meats and seafood all taste fresh and flavorful.  I would even venture to say that Crabby Jack's is my favorite "overall" po-boy place in the city, meaning that while other places may have one awesome po-boy, Crabby Jack's is consistently on the top of my list for almost every type that I've tried.
Price Point:  For the size and quality of ingredients, the po-boys at Jack's are more than affordable.  You're not gonna be paying more than $12 for any po-boy except oyster, and the size of the $10-$12 ones are massive...they say it's a foot-long but it feels and eats bigger than that every time.
THE BAD
The Environment:  This is totally a personal opinion and I completely understand if people don't agree with me on this, but I don't really like eating at Crabby Jack's.  Every popular po-boy place has issues with lines, seating, and staff, but for whatever reason, it all seems a little worse at Jack's.  The lines are always longer.  It's downright impossible to get a seat most of the times, as opposed to just being a little harder than normal.  And the staff always seems to mess up, or leave an order at the window way too long, or forget a part of an order.  On top of that, I always feel rushed because a combination of the volume of people plus the lack of seating means you're gonna have other customers standing over you waiting for you to get up while you're eating.  I remember one time when a family literally stared my group down as we were finishing our last bites.  That's just unnerving, and makes me want to eat outside if at all possible.  Maybe I just have bad luck, or maybe the structure of the place is just not conducive to having a nice relaxing meal.  If you're comfortable with that setting, or you don't mind taking po-boys to go (I don't like doing that either because it inevitably ruins the bread), then ignore what I say and enjoy the po-boy awesomeness.
PURGATORY
None.
OVERALL
Five stars for the food, two very-biased-and-not-population-representative stars for the environment.  I know, however, that most normal people would have no problem with Jack's environment, and the food is so good that I'll never turn down a suggestion to go anyways.  For me, I'm willing to grin and bear the not-so-great environment for their great po-boys, and I suggest you do the same too.I think this is another of my reviews that Yelp ate. Someone should really feed it.
Crabby Jacks is a great grab-n-go place for plate lunches and poboys.  I've had both fried seafood (excellent) and grilled shrimp poboys (plan to get messy) as well as plate lunches (huge).  My only disappointments were their mac-n-cheese (kinda bland) and their fish tacos (which were delish but were served on blue tortilla shells which turned the fish a distressing shade of gray).  My Mom loves their brisket poboy.Loved the food! Loved the patience and humor of the gentleman behind the counter.! It was even quite easy to find a healthy but very tasty choice. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad my friend ordered a roast beef Po boy so I could have a small piece of it. Like everything else it was awesome. They would've gotten five but my order came out not quite right.Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Love the place, love the menu, love the owner's other place, loved my po boys.  I shared an oyster po boy and a shrimp remoulade fried tomato po boy.  Nothing should be this good.  I don't know if I could weigh in at under 200 pounds anymore if I moved here.  Seriously, these were both terrific sandwiches and the onion rings were pretty great too.  Nothing was greasy, all the fried was crisp and perfect.  Don't come here though because I don't want to wait in a longer line.  Go over to Parkway and leave this one for me.This place is my favorite place for a po'boy in Jefferson Parish. Crabby Jack's is related to that wonderful restaurant on Oak Street, Jacques Imo's Cafe. This location serves your regular fare of po'boy options but everyone knows the choice of french bread, quality of dressing ingredients, and the frying recipes for the seafood, are all variable and thus unique to each restaurant. I think Crabby Jack's gets it pretty darn close to how I like my po'boy. The restaurant itself is set up like a cafeteria style. You order up front and then you sit down in this big room with plenty of tables. Definitely come check this place out, I'll be back soon!Service was great here! For our first trip to NOLA, the waitress helped us order and checked up on us a few times. We had a po-boy and Cochon with fries. So so good! 
The walls are decorated with a local artists work as well. Very much enjoyed our first visit here!Super tasty, not as pricey as Jacques, but not as much food either.  But the quality was there and I was more than satisfied.So I was in New Orleans for all of 9 days and I ate here 3 times!
This is the place for a good lunch or even to buy some Dr. Bob art. 
For the lunch I would have to suggest the fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade poboy. This sandwich (partially dressed with lettuce and tomato) is something to almost kill to get. Luckily, I have yet to see them run out. 
It is a sandwich of crusty french bread, with lettuce, pickle, tomato, and now on to the best part. They have fried green tomatoes topped with a mountain of small shrimp that have been cooked and overly coated with a remoulade sauce. Even writing this description is making my mouth water.
As for the artwork, look to bring $35 or more in cash for some of Dr. Bob's local New Orleans artwork. I personally have a Be Nice or Leave sign in my house. 
Their fried tenders plate is also another option for those who do not want the sandwich. The seating is more of large tables that people share, but hey you can meet new people.We went for lunch on a Friday, relatively packed but the line moved quickly and there was a good amount of parking available.  Being Lent, we had a couple of seafood po-boys and didn't feel like we were missing anything.  The shrimp po-boy was terrific, with expert breading that maybe graces their fried chicken as well.  The French bread was perfect, soft and flaky as it should be.  My FGT/shrimp remoulade po-boy was the best po-boy I've ever had, bar none.   The remoulade was fresh and tangy, balancing its inherent richness.  The fried green tomatoes were crunchy and coupled well with the red tomatoes of the standard dressing.  The sandwiches are oversized and overstuffed, making them well-priced overall.  The restaurant is comfortable and I am definitely looking forward to coming back and exploring the rest of the menu.This place knocks my goddamn socks off.  Owned by the same guy as Jacques-Imos, this place has the best shrimp po boy I've ever had.  Everything else was pretty damn good but that shrimp po boy blew me away. The place is a little bit disorganized, otherwise I would've gone five stars.If you want to show a friend from out of town what good NOLA food is, then come here! they have a great selection of NOLA cuisine and all of the items are solid. Nothing out of this world but it sure will hit the spot! I'm a huge fan of the friend green tomato and shrimp remoulade poboy and the fresh fish tacos. You can tell that the fish is so fresh and great quality and one of the best fish tacos I have ever had. Great selection, great food!i really wanted to love this place, i did.  i had the duck po-boy this weekend, which i had been looking forward to, and i was so disappointed.  in a word, it was bland, bland, bland.  very sad.  i will consider giving this place another chance and amend my review accordingly.Picked up lunch today. They do give you a lot of shrimp, but they were very soggy and not light and crisp. The bread is not real New Orleans bread. I do not know where they are getting it. Staff was friendly. Won't be back.Best meal we had in New Orleans! Glad we rented a car for a day to explore the city and trek out here to eat. Super casual place, sorta like a shack. Got the oyster poboy and duck poboy. Both exceptional. Also got a cup of gumbo which was the best we had in New Orleans. If you're in New Orleans, make sure you rent a car or take an uber or here, it's much better than the food we had in the note touristy areas!It's really pretty average.  if a huge quantity of long john silver's type shrimp is your definition of a great po boy, they have great shrimp po boys.  duck, meh, roast beef, meh, sides are meh, except for the jalapenos in the mac and cheese, very niice.  if you're at lowe's picking up a new chainsaw or power washer, it's worth popping in.Crabby Jack's is a fantastic low-key lunch spot just down the street from Ochsner on Jefferson Hwy (turns into Claiborne once you cross the parish line).  There's a small parking lot right outside which usually fills to capacity during peak lunch hours.  It's run by the same guy who heads Jacques-Imo's.  
As you walk in you'll see lots of the same artwork that they have at his other establishment, which is all done by a local artist named Dr. Bob.  A large hot sauce collection decorates one of the walls.  Behind the counter their menu offers a wide selection of poboys and daily specials.  Most range between $8-13.  Poboys come in regular 8" and King size 12".  They also have bottled and fountain drinks, as well as sweet tea.  There's community seating at a couple of large tables and bar stools along one of the walls.  I arrived at around 11:30 and didn't have to wait, but by the time I left, near noon, the place was filling up quite a bit and a line had formed.
I had the roasted duck poboy, which was brimming with juicy meat.  You'll need a fork to finish all the good stuff that spills out of your bread, and an ample stash of napkins to wipe away all the gravy.  I really enjoyed the duck, but all of the poboys here are totally overstuffed and outstanding.  I've also tried the oyster poboy, which must come with *at least* two dozen fried oysters.  The shrimp poboy is filled with so many shrimp that you'll have two dozen spill out of your sandwich while you're trying to eat it.  The cochon du lait and BBQ brisket are also similarly stuffed and tasty.
Yelp doesn't let me give half stars, otherwise I'd give this place four and a half.  My only complaint is that a king sized oyster poboy is $16, and while they pack a bunch of oysters into the bread it still seems a bit steep for a poboy.Go west, my friends. When you visit New Orleans (I say this because if you live there, this is probably not news to you), make sure you rent a car or bum a ride so that you can drop in to this little slice of down-home heaven. A bustling mecca of hungry diners will be there with you, and it's free-for-all seating,, so go with time to spare and a willingness to share your table with a handful of strangers (and probably at times not being able to get a seat).
I had a catfish & calamari po' boy. The menu does not mention that you can combine them, but you can. I couldn't decide between the two, so I was delighted to find I could have my catfish and eat my calamari too.
Now, I believed them when they said it was an 'overstuffed' po' boy. But it was still a shock to behold. it was a giant mound of deep-fried seafood goodness (plus sandwich fillings, lettuce, tomato, etc.) nominally held together by means of a large sandwich bun. 
I could have easily split my sandwich with someone and still been full at the end. As it was, I ate about 85% of a whole one before my body finally begged me to stop and I pushed away my tray, conceding defeat, yet humming with contentment... It's a good thing I don't live in the area because I'd probably go there way too often. It's a whole lot of food for not awhole lot of money.
And yes, same guy as Jacques-Imo's. Yay for any restaurant he cares to open.First time to this part of NoLa and Crabby Jacks didn't disappoint!! I highly recommend this place and come with an empty stomach. The half and half my husband had was spilling over with the shrimp and oysters! My hamburger was delicious with the fried green tomatoes on the side!! I will be back! Thanks to the entire team- very friendly!!Had the roast beef poboy. HUGE. I eat poboys very often, and even seeing this one surprised me. I want to go back and try a lot more of their stuff. Their fries were good too. We also got the calamari platter, which I don't eat, but my mom and sister vouched that they were very good. Also, they aren't one of those slick joints who try to put fries under their fried food to make it look like a bigger portion. Prices are very fair considering the portion sizes.Came here for lunch and had the slow cooked duck Po' Boy. The cashier recommended adding cole slaw and ordering onion rings. Absolutely delicious! It's everything you would expect from a quality hole in the wall. Be ready for a food coma...The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because of their seating. They need more places to sit because they have a lot of customers. The food was fantastic. I had the regular shrimp and oyster poboy and am glad I didn't get the large. More shrimp and oysters than the sandwich could hold. Fried green tomatoes was the best. Good friendly service. And to top it all off the price was great. Will go back.The person that took our order wasn't friendly at all but it was during the lunch rush so I guess she skipped the warm and fuzzy greeting to get the line moving faster. It was my first time there and my husband's plan was for us to dine in but the place was too full due to the lunch rush. We took ours to go. I ordered the shrimp po boy with mayo only but once I got home it was only shrimp and  dry bread. :-(Heard great things about the fried chicken. We were told there was a 25 min wait as chicken was fried to order. Sides were great, excellent dirty rice. Now to the chicken...the best chickens to fry are fryers, young chickens. These breasts( not sure what the cut was) were stringy and tough. Disappointing but the poboys looked great.My first trip to NOLA and they took me to Crabby Jacks for the Po'Boys. We ordered 4 of them and a mess o'jambalaya, ate some there and took off. I had the shrimp and oyster combo with fried green tomatoes and this wonder remoulade. My brother had the "Debris" and I ate the other half of that. The food is delicious, and you must get there early if you want to sit. I couldn't close my sandwich it was stuffed. Now I wanted to go to Jacques-Imo's. See the whole story with my video blog.So far, this is my favorite Oyster Po-Boy in town, and I've had Oyster Po-Boys all over town.  Oysters are plump and perfectly fried, retaining their moisture and flavor.  The Fried Green Tomato Po-Boy is also a solid choice.  I recommend going after 1-1:30 as the crowd will have died down and you can relax the way you should with a sandwich this good.Wished I went there before. Can't believe that I waited this long. Went there off of a yelp. Boy oh boy this place is fantastic! Only thing I'd change is the location. Poboyrama here I come!!!So good, try the PANNED CHICKEN PO'BOY best in the city. The fish tacos are solid as are any po boy. Don't be scared by a line out the door they move people fast, and they send you home with a nice cup. My favorite spot in the city.limited seating and parking. not a clean place to eat either. prices i thought were too high. i had a RB poboy and was not impressed. i live down the street but never go here bc its not that great. and they have all the tacky be nice or leave signs on the walls if youre into that sort of thingPreface: I've have now been here twice (11/11)...
Overall, I am pleasantly surprised. If there is one thing I dislike about poboys, it is the tough outer skin of the poboy bread. Many of the best poboy restaurants infuse this dough-hide as their basis to serve their sandwich, but for Crabby Jacks (CJ), they use what I would call a medium-tough exterior. 
Why am I talking about the bread? I hate having to fight with the bread and masticate with Hulk-strength. It's tiresome and detracts my emotive hunger. For CJ, the bread is only mildly tough, and thus allowed me to focus on the meaty goodness. 
1. What did I order? I chose the Hot Sausage, one of my favorite sandwiches in the city. It has the BEST taste within the city, spicy enough and well flavored. The Romaine Lettuce (not iceberg lettuce) is chopped into thin slices that is cleaner than standard iceberg lettuce. Definitely a well-balanced sandwich. 
2. I also tried the half-half (with oysters and shrimp), and they overly stuff their poboy with awesomely goodness. I wouldn't go as far as to say it is the best fried seafood in the city, but it is solid. 
3. I have also tried the duck poboy. At $14 or 16 for a large, it is a decent sandwich. One should try it b/c I haven't seen this type of poboy too often in the city. 
For their fries, I would categorize it as status quo -- it's nothing special. I mention their fries b/c for me, to get  a 5-star rating, you have to do everything right. From the condiments to the main entree and finally the side items. 
All in all, I would definitely recommend this place for the HOT SAUSAGE. However, I don't find it in the most convenient of locations and the seating area isn't luxurious in space. If you come during peak hours, you may not have a seat.
Lastly, a few side notes. The price is on the slightly higher side. Instead of their poboys being just under $10, it can easily go above that. One would think that by having this restaurant attached to a seafood wholesaler, the prices would be better. It's not. Despite that, I still would recommend it . 
P.s. My rating scale follow as such. A 3-star is solid rating; a 4 is near perfect; and a 5-star is hellah awesome. Rarely do I give a 5-star rating...unless I am feeling generous and the market in this area for that restaurant is subpar compared to the one in review. So...I gave it 5-star b/c of their HOT Sausage. For everything else, it is good and deserves a 4-star rating, which is still good.Ok this place is silly good. The two best po-boys for me are the roasted duck po-boy and cochon de lait po-boy. Even better is if you do half and half of the above mentioned. Many people will debate the type of bread you use for a po-boy but for me the bread used at CJ's is fine. If I had to guess I would say it's Reising's Po-Boy bread but I'm just guessing here. I always eat more than I should when I'm here but it's a testament to the food.  I just can't put it down and walk away.  For a hole in the wall po-boy shop, it's always neat and clean and no nonsense. Prices are very reasonable too.  For roast beef po-boys I still like Parkway better (throw in their Cuban too) but Crabby Jack's consistency across their menu is impressive. I haven't had a bad sandwich yet!I had the half & half shrimp/oyster Po'Boy! I got the regular size, which is huge. The dining area is very clean and very casual. It is in an industrial area near Oschner Hospital right on 90, so lots of folks were there on lunch hour. I read the reviews before I went, so I stopped in at 2pm on a weekday. No line, very friendly service, plus they have Diet Dr. Pepper to cancel out my Po'Boy, so that is an extra :-) Sad they had no alcohol, though.Don't let the looks of the place deceive you excellent fried green tomato and shrimp sandwich well be backAfter an almost two year hiatus I finally made it back to Crabby Jacks and this time for the famed Duck Poboy. The sandwich it stuffed with piles of roasted duck meat only problem is that it didn't have much flavor other than the subtle taste of duck. The gravy that it is roasted in is rather bland and the only thing that gave it any taste was the mayonnaise. I still am a big fan of the Fried Green Tomato and Grilled Shrimp Poboy with the delicious remoulade sauce. The fried shrimp poboy seems to be the most popular sandwich here and it features an unbelievable amount of fried shrimp on it. I will be back.Fried Green Tomato Po-boy with shrimp remoulade.  Enough said. 
I had a picture on my phone from the last time I enjoyed one three years ago, and I could not wait to get my hands on another.  I ordered a large... I mean when on vacation, right!?  It was the same wonderful goodness that I missed.  I also shared an order of onion rings with my wife.  They are also excellent.  
Crabby Jack's is a must visit.Good and Generous. The duck po-boy was rich and overstuffed, and very well made. It was an enjoyably messy experience. The bread was so much better than most spots, and I'll return to try other varieties.Oh sweet baby jesus. So good. Got the shrimp creole with a side salad and onion rings. Delicious. Can't wait to come back and try some fried seafood and mac n cheese!I went here for lunch the other day and this place was awesome!
When you walk into this small place, you are immediately struck by the fact that it is "dining room" style.  You walk in and order at the register and pay, then you find a seat and wait for your order.  We went a little after regular lunch time and there were still a lot of people in there, but we had no problem finding a seat at a picnic table.  Yeah, some of the seating is at picnic tables.  This means you will be eating with total strangers, so if that weirds you out, you may want to get your order to go.
We were sitting across from these two gentlemen who were explaining to two other people at the table exactly what a mirliton is.  It was pretty cool.  Everyone was talking like they were old friends.
As for the food, I ordered an oyster poboy dressed and it was amazing.  The bread was super soft and not all crumbly and over toasted, which I liked. Between the time and ordered and when my food was ready it was about 10 minutes.  They have a whole huge selection of things you can get.  I heard the fried chicken is awesome, but I was in a sandwich mood.
I will definitely be checking this place out again and trying some of their other poboys and New Orleans based treats.New Orleans decor, colorful and fun. Packed due to their phenomenal menu of New Orleans eats. I had the shrimp etouffe. Family style seating. Excellent food! Friendly staff as well.Maybe my expectations were too high? Had the three piece dark meat fried chicken with fried green tomatoes. Chicken was hot, juicy, and crispy, but rather bland. Fried green tomatoes bland as well. Husband had jambalaya as a side, which did have great flavor. Very popular with the locals, and maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.I just had my second Crabby Jack's poboy, thanks to Sarah M, my fabulous tour guide when it comes to New Orleans.  And:  DAMN.  These are GOOD, huge, and cheap.  For $9.99 (plus $.50 to have it "dressed" with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayo), hubby and I split a king-sized shrimp one and it was more than enough food for both of us (and we're big eaters).  Perfect crusty bread stuffed FULL of tons and tons of delicious, perfectly fried shrimp.  We also split a "small" order of onion rings - the word "small" being laughable here, as it had to be at least three onions' worth - a giant mound of rings that made my jaw drop when it arrived at our table.  Lightly battered with flour, just the way I like them.  I was intrigued by the other offerings on the menu - including oyster poboys, fried green tomato poboys, stuffed mirliton, roast beef, and many more - but alas, I wasn't willing to risk my once-every-three-years pilgrimage to Crabby Jacks on something different when I knew I would love the shrimp.  Sometimes, a girl can't afford to be quite that adventurous.
As others have mentioned, this is a small place and it ain't fancy.  There are 3-4 larger tables plus a row of counter seating against the windows.  We ended up splitting up our party of 6 + baby and joining other tables of folks.  For this reason, I'm voting "no" on the "good for groups" question below - it would be if it weren't so freaking crowded, but everyone in town seems to know that this is the place to eat!  As it was, my hubby and I ended up meeting a really cool local couple at the table where we sat, so it was all good.  For the record, they agreed with Sarah's pronouncement that these are the best poboys in New Orleans.  
Kid-friendly in terms of being casual and low-key, but no high chairs or booster seats that we could find.  
You can't possibly be crabby after eating at Crabby Jack's.  I'm making this a mandatory stop for every trip to New Orleans.Best poboy in New Orleans.  Only open for lunch. Great food, friendly staff.   If you have never had the fried green tomato poboy, then you are missing out on the best poboy ever.   The poboys are truly overstuffed, you will barely be able to eat a large.  Also the best red fish in town and fantastic dirty rice.Kitchen staff was yelling at each other at the top of their lungs so it really ruined any ambience. Shrimp were tiny. They were almost popcorn shrimp. Shrimp remoulade fried green tomatoes was just ok. Overpriced because taste was not there on the dishes that I ordered. M ordered salad with calamari. She thought it would be grilled but it came fried, they didn't bother to ask. This was 2 pm on Saturday. We won't return.