Service was crappy, and food was mediocre.  I wish I would have picked some other place for my last dinner in town.Enjoyed my fish out at a sidewalk table.  A bit pricey but food was good.  Go to Side street in French quarter if u want quieter dining outside.I was happy his was my first experience with Nola food and not my last, started on a low point. First, I understand it was Sunday night before Fat Tuesday and our waitress was working back to back 12 shifts. However, my drink order was forgotten, and my friends plate was mixed up. For my food, I had the po'boy shrimp and was underwhelmed, there was a hardy serving of shrimp but there was minimal lettuce or sauce and the fries were weak, many soggy. Needless to say, we didn't go back. From other reviews seems like we caught them on an off-day but unfortunately the result is a lack luster review.Had breakfast with the family after a quick stopover. Great food and service (thanks Jonathan!), definaelty a good find that was busy but had no wait on a Saturday.The one thing I really wanted for breakfast while in New Orleans was Grillades. I have made them at home from a recipe but never had them in a restaurant. When Yelp searching this place popped up so it was a must for breakfast. 
The restaurant has a diner style atmosphere. We were seated by the window so we got to watch traffic pass by on Canal Street. Our service was quick and our server was great. 
Of course I ordered the Grits and Grillades. Slow roasted beef with peppers and onions in a brown gravy over creamy Gouda cheese grits sounded perfect. It did not disappoint as it was so delicious!  I get excited when I go to a restaurant and order something I've cooked before and it tastes better than mine. This will be a must on any future New Orleans trips.My girlfriends and I ate at the Creole House for dinner. Our decision to dine here was largely based on the fact that it was pouring raining and this restaurant is next door to our hotel. We started with the bacon garlic oysters and jumbo buffalo wings. The bacon garlic oysters were average, at best. The oysters were overpowered by the cheese and bacon, which was disappointing. The buffalo wings were pretty good and seasoned well. For entrees, we ordered: 1) jumbalaya pasta, 2) blackened red fish and 3) canal street red fish. The jumbalaya pasta lacked flavor and was our least favorite (would not order again). The blackened red fish was just okay and the skimpy side of sautéed veggies (spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms) were VERY salty (would order again as a LAST resort). The canal street red fish wasn't great but my friend would order it again. Her biggest complaint was that it had very little garlic sauce. We also ordered paddle boat drinks, which tasted good but were more juice vs alcohol (had to order an extra shot).
So, overall, we were underwhelmed with the food, making it a solid 3 stars. On a positive note, our server, Alexander, was great...very hospitable and tried his best to make sure we were satisfied.We stayed at the Sheraton and they recommend this place. It was really great. I had the sampler and it was amazing, especially the crawfish ettouffe ! My husband had the shrimp and grits and he loved it. The staff was very friendly, I will definitely come again.Amazing food. Was quick service too. Had the po boy shrimp sandwich. The atmosphere was great. Need to come back and try the smoked oysters. Would highly recommend.The chargrilled oysters are amazing! The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is being the service was kind of terrible. My shrimp po boy was awesome, but my sister said her alligator po boy was just okay.Chargrilled oysters were everything. I also had the Cajun red fish. They don't have many healthy options. Only green beans, that looked like edemame. I'm allergic to soy so I didn't take that chance. 
Still overall the food was great and staff was nice.Reasonably priced spot with good beer and food selection. I tried the PO Boy with sauté onions and red peppers - food was good and the fries were great (note don't use ketchup as they are tasty by itself).Awesome! Hurricanes will blow you away! Quick service! Etoufee is terrific...Authentic New Orleans cuisine. Always ask for Shirley - she's surely the best!!!! Ooo! Rah!Do Not Come to this Place! The shrimp was disgusting you can even taste the dirt inside it. 
It took the 20 min to serve it. And took them another 20 min for the gumbo. Most horrible is no service at all! None! I sit in the bar for 10 min no one serves me! Even after I ask the bar tender many times he took my order with a shitty face, I got no water no Fock knife no nothing the guy next to me even yelled at them to get service. I asked the woman from the kitchen sending gumbo for water she said as kinda surprised and said" you want water?" Oh yeah should I is she dumb? 
The bar tender was busy counting money and cold as as ice, the other guy grilling oyster is ridiculous as well. And oh boy the food is way over priced for the poor quality.
And the bar tender dare to have the face asking for 20% tip.
To the manager you should first fire the bar tender and then fire the chef, probably in the end fire yourself for hiring such horrible people!We went here for lunch today and it was AMAZING. I'm not kidding when I say it's the best chicken fettuccine alfredo I've ever had. Our waitress was super nice, and asked a little bit about what we were doing in New Orleans. She gave us some things to do around the area too! It's a great location and seriously, the food is to die for! Everyone needs to come eat here! Plus, the inside is so cute!!Went here for dinner, got the crab claws, gumbo and jambalaya pasta. Was really disappointed in everything. Everything came out like warm and not hot. The crab claws were the only thing that was good. The gumbo was not good at all. Our jambalaya came out and had a hair
In it! We couldn't eat that and had to return it. The manager came out and all they did was apologize. That doesn't make up for me leaving still hungry. 
Such a disappointing experience and won't be back here. 
Next time take care of your customers and make sure that you do something besides offer an apology for ruining our dinner.Stopped in for some drinks and an app. Got the calamari, it was good. Batter was a bit heavy but the calamari itself was cooked well, not rubbery at all. Asked for more marinara because it only comes with about a tablespoon. Was told we would be charged for more sauce to accompany the 3/4 of our calamari that we had left. I understand not giving the house away for free but give and appropriate side of accompaniments for paying customers.Very disappointed.... food was only ok.... waitress was not to be found.
There's way too many other great restaurants in New Orleans to settle for a place like this.We stopped into this restaurant due to its convenience to our tour bus pickup across the street.  The seating area was fairly large, including extra space upstairs (where we were).  This was great, because we only had to wait a couple minutes for a table.  We enjoyed the char-grilled oyster appetizer, but I thought it was missing "something".  Maybe a bit of pepper or other seasoning...
I wasn't terribly hungry, so I just ordered a cup of gumbo.  It was decent but only had chicken and sausage inside, and I really thought it could use a bit of seafood to round out the flavor.  The kids liked their food off the kids menu pretty well, although they should offer a marinara sauce option for the noodles (my young daughter wasn't so excited about butter sauce on her noodles).  My wife had enjoyed what she ordered, although I can't remember what she ordered for the life of me!
This wouldn't be our first choice for New Orleans cuisine in the whole city, but it's a good short notice option.Awesome po-boy selection. Ifyou want to sample, they have a great Louisiana sampler as wellThis ended up being our favorite restaurant during the trip. We had dinner her twice since it was so good. The wait staff was friendly and accommodating. The food was fresh, hot and seasoned well. The veggies were amazing and could have been a meal themselves. A great experience and will definitely come back.Yelp led us astray this time. Not even close to 4 stars. We went for dinner - alligator bites, crab claws, panko-breaded redfish, crawfish etoufee. The redfish was delicious, but the crab claws and crawfish were few and far between and cooked almost into oblivion. A $12 martini was little more than fruit juice. The restaurant itself was sadly worn and less than clean - just go somewhere else.Absolutely delicious restaurant! Loved our server as well, he was extremely chill. Stupendous Service. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it is a tourist-trap place that has astronomically priced meals. You're probably going to get that anywhere in this area of the city though. However, if you're wanting to try any Creole/New Orleans-specific means; they have it here. Great place to go if you're wanting to get a flavor for NOLA!We had already spend a long while walking around through the parade and wanted to kill time before we got oysters. We were waiting for the line to die down at two other places but came across Creole House on the way to French quarter. The line was short and it was only a 20 minute wait. I am an oyster fiend. Living in NYC I got oysters every other night enjoying 2-3 dozens by myself. Thinking the oysters would be delicious , I ordered 2 dozens and so did my sister. We also shared a cup of gumbo. My sisters friend had a shrimp po boy with fries. After half a dozen oysters I started to feel nauseous. I didn't want to waste any oysters so I suffered though the first dozen. My sister has a strong stomach and finish 1.5 dozen. I couldn't eat anymore. The gumbo was terrible. It had no flavor, it was so tiny for 7 dollars(we had way better gumbo at another place the day after for way less). We had a taste of the po boy as well. It was just ok. My sisters friend didn't finish it either. The fries came fresh out the freezer I'm sure. Dry and scrawny little things. Should've just gone to French quarter and ate at one of the other places. Probably would've been better since the lines were longer. Would've been worth the wait. What a waste of money. And stomach space.The reviews did not disappoint. The chargrilled oysters were the BEST!!!! Shrimp po boy fried fish po boy seasoned and fried to perfection. Ask for Shirley. Even though she is a Met fan we won't hold that against her. She is an excellent server. Will be back.What can I say, the food here was beyond delicious.  My husband and I were looking for a place to have lunch and just so happened to stumble upon this restaurant.  We were greeted by the servers outside who told us to come on in because we won't be disappointed and boy oh boy we weren't.  Our server was warm and friendly was and the decor was elegant and clean.  My husband had stuffed fish entree with a hurricane to wash it down and I had the shrimp and Crab Cake Alfredo with a Voodoo Doll cocktail. Let's just say the moment I took my first bite it was as if angels touched down on my tongue, it was heavenly! Next time we're in NOLA we will definitely make a return visit. 5 Stars!!We ordered the Cajun burger, crawfish Alfredo, shrimp po boy and kids chicken tenders. The burger was well cooked and had good flavor. The Cajun crawfish Alfredo was not spicy and that was a little disappointing and pricey. The Shrimp po boy was good. The chicken fingers had good chicken chunks and a seasoned batter.Friendly service and amazing food.  Ate here several times over the week.  Highly recommend the chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits and the fish Po Boy!  Shout out to the "Beast" and April for great service and conversation!Awful food! Don't go to this place. Jambalaya was cold, looked like a fast food!!!! We ordered a non spicy fish. It came like hell hot overloaded with hot sauce. The server simply said it was not her fault, but the chef...I thought everyone working in the same place were supposed to be one team and not one blaming the other....bad bad bad behavior....The oysters were really good and so was the red fish. My dining partner thought the gator appetizer was good. The fish platter is plentiful. Didn't try dessert. Service was a little slow had to ask about food and appetizer even though it didn't seem to be real busy.Loved the charbroiled oysters. Jason, waiter was excellent and knowledgeable. Great location, as I stayed at the Marriott on canal st. 2 min walk.The service was great & my food came in no time! 
I tried the taste of bayou & thought it was just okay. I'll give this place another try next time I'm around & get something different.OK I have to admit that I had been eye balling this place from my hotel and really wanted to try it.  I went in with a group of friends and was very surprised at how nice and inviting it was inside.  
We started out with some crab cakes and they were amazing.  The crab cake sauce was so good one member of the party asked for some with her dinner.  We also got oysters on a half shell which had bent baked with cheese on them.  I am not an oyster person but these were amazing.Dinner was pretty good. Fish was cooked perfectly. Charbroiled oysters could have been cooked longer. Shrimp and crab pasta was good. Burger wasn't good.. flavorless and over cooked. But our server Devin was outstanding! Felt like he was part of our group!Great new find on the French Quarter side of Canal street. The Oysters were icy cold as were the beer. All of the favorite New Orleans food choices. It was the 2nd time this weekend we noticed they turned away diners, then started accepting diners again. Apparently when the kitchen gets backed up, they do that, lol.Came here because of the high rating on yelp but i have to disagree with everyone's rave reviews. I ordered the trio and of the three the gumbo was the only really enjoyable item. The person I was with got the blackened redfish and really liked it but unfortunately for me the jambalaya of my meal was exceptionally dry, making the meat tough and chewy. 
This is a good place for a bite to eat if you are just getting the lay of the land but there are many better options, especially for the price which was quite high compared to other places i visited on my stay.Looks like a dinner, eats like a four star restaurant. Our server, Casey was really sweet. Had the creole bites, crab cakes, sampler dish, and bread pudding.  If I could eat another round, I would.
Went back for breakfast. I had the Creole bowl and hubby had the morning after. Love them grits. They have great coffee too. Adrienne was delightful-loved her!!! She went above and beyond.Just ok. You would think with a name like this, you would be about to get some authentic creole food in Nola. I had the gumbo and the crab claws. The gumbo wasn't hot and crab claws barely had any meat on them, but the taste of everything was good. Eh...I probably wouldn't go back.Good food, loud atmosphere, great service by Ben. They were out of Bread Pudding, which was a big disappointment. The Alfredo was a bit overdone, nothing really outstanding about the food. Had it not been for the great service I'd have only given them one star.I went with about 11 of my girlfriends. The server did a great job handling all of our orders and attitudes. The oysters were great. But a few of my girls had the shrimp and grits, it was cold. Someone had the power boy which she said was great. I had the gumbo which was ok. All in all the atmosphere is great. I would go again.The food here is out of this world. I had the stuffed fish; very large and appetizing. The service was also great too. Shane, the chef, was very observant. He checked in with us several times throughout our meal.Had the Creole House Shrimp Po Boy, Fried Alligator, and the Caramel Waffle Apple Sunday.  All of it was phenomenal.  Our server was great.  If I'm ever in New Orleans again, I would absolutely come back.  Very cool place.I had the shrimp and grits ($20) and it was delicious! Good portion size and no wait. Decent amount of seating on 2 floors. Service seemed to be fine. They had a good selection of cocktails too.This place has a nice atmosphere. The bartenders were nice and the bar was well stocked. The restaurant was always full whenever I passed by with customers that were mostly dressed in a casual way.Wow.  What a great new restaurant!   We had the crawfish cakes & 3 different orders of chargrilled oysters, everything was delicious.  We had wait staff that was in training & the service was wonderful. Will definitely visit again.Loved the service at Creole House, and the food was tasty too! Great portion sizes for your money, and the coffee refills kept the Bloody Mary's booziness at bay  Couldn't help but love the Gouda grits and Cajun sauce on top of my omelette, but was disappointed that the minced garlic was heaped inside without much class. I did find what appeared to be the plastic film top to a squeeze bottle on my plate, which both the manager and waiter apologized profusely for... and deducted from my final bill. Wouldn't say the bathroom was the cleanest I'd ever been in -- tough to keep up with during Mardi Gras, I suppose. Overall I still enjoyed my visit, but will probably go elsewhere when I'm back in town next!Excellent place! We had Crab Cakes and Crab legs for our appetizer. Then we had Taste of the Baypu, little of everything....so delicious and fresh!We came across this place as my family and I were visiting New Orleans and we were taking a walk from the hotel to the French Quarter around 11am on a Saturday. We were seated immediately and the staff were all absolutely friendly. I was not familiar with Louisiana food so I appreciated the thorough explanation given when I asked what's bayou etc. Since we were there for brunch, we had two omelettes which were both good, friend alligator, shrimp po-boy, and a bayou bowl. Everything was great except I'm a little disappointed with the alligator meat - because it was fried it tasted like chicken to me, I can't really tell I was eating alligator. I wish there were options to choose from in terms of how you want the meat cooked.Brittany & Jasmine are AWESOME! The food was terrific. The drinks were thirst quenching and a delight. This is always my first stop whenever I come to The Big Easy.We came here because of the pics and the reviews, but the food was ok. She had the muffuletta and I had crab cakes and gumbo. The service was really good, Tatiana kept us happy and did her best. The drinks were touristy and just ok. If you want to spend the money, stop by, otherwise take yourself elsewhere for the price.After gambling at Harrah's for several hours, my fiancé and I decided to swing over to Creole House for a snack. We shared the appetizer sampler with the 3 cups of gumbo, jambalaya, and crawfish etouffe. It was all very good, but seemed kind of pricey for the portion size. Each small cup was basically $6, but it was close to the Casino so I guess those are tourist prices. 
We sat at the bar to eat so we wouldn't take a table away from a waiter on just eating an appetizer. The bartender was pretty grumpy and not interested in any type of conversation despite the bar being pretty dead. Not sure if he's like that all the time or just because it was the day before New Year's Eve and he'd rather be gambling. 
Any how, minus 2 stars on price gouging and grumpy bartender. We'd go back for more food despite the price, I think.New Orleans is a fantastic food town. You'll find it hard to find bad food at any of the restaurants. 
We stopped here on a suggestion from a friend and I'm sure happy that we did. 
 I ordered a Po-Boy with sautéed shrimp, bacon, and jalapeño. Add. to this all of the great Po-Boy toppings and you have quite a sandwich. It was full of flavor and had a nice little bite with the jalapeños figuring prominently in the dish. 
My wife had a roast beef Po-Boy that was seasoned just right for that NOLA taste. 
The Creole House also had a fantastic and attentive waiter who kept checking on us and definitely deserved the tip that we gave him!This was recommended by the valet guy and was the ONLY bad meal we had.  We waited for 15 minutes to get a table. They put us by the open door even though we asked to be inside because it was chilly out.  Waited 15 minutes before our waitress even came around. We should have walked out then, but we thought the food would make up for it. Wrong!  This waitress kept having her table's food and drinks being returned for being wrong.  She couldn't get anything right.  My friend and I ordered the try 3, which comes out of pots and placed in bowls, so we should have been served quickly. No, we waited an hour.  Every time I saw the waitress, which wasn't often, she said it was on it's way out. When it did come out, the jambalaya was cold and the crawfish etoffee was lukewarm and the gumbo had no meat in it. What a waste of our time. Tourist trap I'm sure because it's on Canal, so stay away.Oh. My. God.   The Canal St. Redfish.   Words cannot describe the flavor of this magnificent dish.  Panko crusted, pan seared redfish topped with a Cajun garlic sauce and topped with sautéed shrimp served with sautéed vegetables.   
Totally worth leaving my narrow-palleted wonderful hubby at Harrahs Casino to endure my tastebuds.After trying to find a place to eat for 30 min since every thing was closed. Mind you we went on the Fourth, we decided to eat here. We were welcomed with friendly smiles. Our waiter came and quickly took our orders.the atmosphere was great, it was not busy at all. We order the taste of Buyou and crab and shrimp Alfredo. The food came out quick and was very tasty. The only thing that could of been better was the seasoning on the pasta and there could of been more meat in the gumbo. But overall the food was great. Will come back againThe BEST dessert in the whole world- Pecan Cobbler! Ice cream on the side- get a double scoop and thank me later. The steak is good with the garlic potatoes and the wing 5 wing appetizer is whole wings good enough for a meal and definitely to share. Always had great service although the wait can be a little long. Best spot after 10 for sure and if simply for the Pecan Cobbler GOLast night me and 24 others were visiting from Houston Texas and we had Jabari as a waiter and Mike and Billy cooking grilling our oysters. Our service was superb and the food was outstanding. Anyone going by ask for Jabari. You will not be disappointed.Fabulous food and fantastic service!  We had the Nola Bites, Mufaletta, Crawfish Etouffee, and a side of the cheese grits - I didn't want to stop eating!  Carl, our server, kept things lively and entertaining without being obnoxious.  I don't normally write reviews and tonight's meal made me take the time to say, "Kudos Creole House!  Best dinner we've had in a long time!"I was traveling with a party of six who wanted to taste the flavors of New Orleans.  We just happened to stumble upon the Creole House Restaurant.  The atmosphere was great.  An opportunity to sit with friends and enjoy good food.  The customer service was remarkable!  As for the food,  every dish ordered by our party was superb!Service by Heather and hostess at time . 
I will write about the food which was great in another review later on  to balance the offset.We came here for a team dinner during our company convention, and the service was outstanding! All of the appetizers were on point, especially the charbroiled oysters. I had the Creole House Po'boy that was super Legit! Great beer options and great ambiance. I will be back to visit on my next trip to New Orleans.This place is great. Service brought us extra cherries for baby without asking. The fried seafood and drinks are the best. I love norleans! It's like Vegas with great food everywhere here hoooraaaaye.Absolutely out best dining experience in New Orleans.  The food was terrific,  the service from Paula was off the charts wonderful.  We will be back tomorrow.This restaurant happened to be empty and across the street from my hotel, so it satisfied my initial criteria.  Service was also on point.  But the food was only alright: I thought the Hangover burger was pretty good, but the skillet was average at best.  And in a city that excels in food like New Orleans, why waste a meal?  Definitely a passable experience, but nothing to write home about.Food is tasty but service really bad. They had some poor guy in charge of preparing the char broiled oysters and bar tending. Just a bad set up and a management issue. The guy was a nice guy just poorly managed.  Very rude and incompetent manager Dorothy.We had a nice time here. Great place for a group.
The restaurant handled a large group of 18 for us and I greatly appreciated the manager and our server,who was very attentive. There was one server at a busy place so it wasn't as fast as if we were a smaller, but more than acceptable given our group size. Also, the price point is very reasonable for NOLA.  We were upstairs and the room is spacious and a little loud with all of us talking.
For those who didn't like seafood, there was selection for them. I had a sampler and I found that I would have skipped and ordered the Etouffe as it is the best food in the sampler. My husband ordered the Creole House Po Boy which had a nice spicy (messy) sauce, but I missed the crunch of the fried shrimp.Excellent everything!   We were there in December.  One day during our trip we ate breakfast and lunch here.  Charbroiled oysters!!!!I'm in NOLA for a conference. I had dinner here tonight, sat at the bar and got to know the local sitting next to me. I had the Creole Stuffed Fish, which was excellent. The sauce was delicious and made the dish. Fresh, real mashed potatoes that weren't overwhelmed with cream and butter. The vegetables were a little salty but fit well with the meal. Also had a hurricane m, which of course, you have to have when you're in New Orleans. Service was friendly but not overwhelming. Definitely recommend this place. Only negative is it's a bit noisy and the tables are very close together.From the moment I hit the door the service was on point a very friendly atmosphere. My server was great. She made very good suggestions and our food came out in a timely matter. For an appetizer I thoroughly enjoyed the sautéed crab claws the sauce was to die for and when you order make sure you get the toasted bread to dip that sauce. For the main I enjoyed the canal street redfish which was cooked and seasoned to perfection. I tell you I thought my husband was going to have to roll me out of there. It is a must go toI really enjoyed the grilled oyster which has a nice smokey flavor.  Stopped in for a quick lunch, sat at the bar.  Was there 30 minutes in and out.  Went back 2 days later after eating oysters at Acme, and had their oysters again.  Had a better flavor than acme and the bread was awesome.Our waiter Jonathan Cupid made our experience of New Orleans perfect. Regardless of the rainy weather outside Jonathan was a ray of sunshine.  He shared his wonderful voice with us as well as his Southern gentlemen hospitality by making recommendations for our stay. 
Thank you for a great experience!
A must go to kinda place!For my first meal in New Orleans this was absolutely awesome! My tastebuds died and went to food heaven. I tried the Fish & Shrimp combo with red beans and rice, creole coleslaw and for desert Carmel Bread pudding. In a word, Aweosome !  Great service from Jessie & MIke.After checking out the long line at Ruby Slipper we were happy to find Creole.  Great regular breakfast plus creole favorites.  I'll pass on the crawdad cakes next time but my brother's grillade was great.
Very good and quick service.This place is great! The po boys here are delish, the drinks even better!!!! The service is fantastic, our server was so cute and fun, she just had that vibe of a person you want to get a drink with and discuss... Well, anything it is fairly new and not yet established, but I have no doubt we will be coming here next trip. You can watch the parades if you come early and get a good table. If you go, ask for Dee and she will set you up right! This will be a stop we will make out next time in!!!This place is 6 star review for me, we went on all girls trip for Mardi Gras and it was amazing, there so many great restaurants and bars that you just can choose. We happen to come across Creole House on one of our nights and it had the best Oysters and Seafood you can imagine.  I was in Seafood heaven.Loved the crab cakes (suggest to put sauce on the side), the Étouffée was wonderful, and my server April was AWESOME!  Went in to eat before heading out to the airport at 11:30 a.m. and was seated and eating this awesome food by 11:42!Keep walking, there are better restaurants than this in every direction. Service was good or I would give it 2 stars. Preparation was poor, shrimp were over-cooked. Nobody at our table were impressed by anything. This is NOLA, and this was below average at best.One of my favorite places I ate at in New Orleans. Had lunch and breakfast here. Bloody Mary's were amazing. Had shrimp and crab omelette with Gouda cheese.. And cheese grits. Holy smokes. Service was awesome. The location is right on canal street as you enter the bourbon St area.This place was great. The chicken gumbo was delish! Crab fingers were divine!! The crab cakes were ok... too much bell pepper/ green onion but went well with the gumbo! Pro boy shrimp salad was tasty! The oysters were what you would expect. I would definitely visit this place again!Overrated! There are so many great or just average places to eat in the city don't waste your time here. The char grill oysters were pretty good but an $80.00 lunch needs to be better than this. We ordered 2 small appetizers, a sandwich and 2 drinks and it was $80.00.Wait for one hour for food at lunch time around 12 pm. There is not much people in restaurant. No idea what is the kitchen doing. Worst experience ever! 
We finally got the food after one hour. One comment, not worth the price and wait. The redfish is dry like frozened for a long time. The rib eye is over cooked. We got a new order of ribeye and it comes out with not much flavor. Not sure if it is because of returned dish.On an extended weekend trip, we made 3 stops here, we sat at the bar and had great service from the bar staff.  
The Chargrilled Oysters are some of the best I have tasted and the bread that is served with helps them stand out from the competition. 
Another standout dish was the Shrimp Ya Ya, which has a great blend of spice and flavor.  
Make sure to order a Bloody Mary with their house infused vodka too.I've lived here in New Orleans since Katrina. It's a city of culinary delights on par with New York and Paris. Restaurants here have to be good to compete and have success. 
One of our great seafood delights is char grilled oysters. I've tried them all over town, and the ones here are in a league of their own. Lots of tender loving care goes into all the prep work, and the actual grilling is an art form to behold. 
The flavors come together in beautifully plumped up oyster heaven that hits my taste buds in perfect harmony. You have to stop in and treat yourself to half a dozen.  The service is attentive, the prices are competitive, and this local can't get enough.Angel  provided excellent service. She made my first visit special. The food and bear were excellent. Deducted one star because of the cost. Prices are a bit "high"Fantastic... I just arrived in NO for the first time and made a stop at the Creole House for a quick beer. When I ordered a typical domestic beer my bartender Beast refused to let me have on but instead suggested I try a local craft beer. The beer was awesome, I let him order my food and he brought me Oysters and Gator bites and both were spectacular. Beast was so fun, professional and knowledgeable about the menu, town and gave me many great suggestions. I liked the experience so much I returned for dinner.Came for brunch. I ordered the gulf coast omelette, which is ok. Country potatoes were below average. I'll return to check the lunch menu next time.From Houston, came here with family about 16 of us. Service was alright but my dinner was not good. Had the fried alligator for an appetizer which was delicious and for dinner I ordered the jambalaya pasta which left little to be pleased about. Zatarans in the box probably would've been better. Overall, if I had to pick I wouldn't return.Food here was amazing! Tried the Crawfish Etouffe,  red beans and rice,  gumbo, jumbalaya, oyster po'boy and cheese grits.  All great! And we had the best server. His name is Dominique. Seriously a great guy. Make sure to ask for him when you go! Oh and the bread pudding... phenomenal.  My husband even liked it and he normally does not like bread pudding.We were so looking forward to having breakfast here after seeing the commercial on TV and being told about it by others. Unfortunately our eggs we over cooked and had to be sent back. After waiting for over an hour for an order of eggs it really ruined our experience. I will give the management staff credit they did apologize and removed the order from our check. Will probably give this place another try. The staff really hustles out front.We had gotten the spicy Nola bites, Crawfish cakes and the crab cakes and shrimp Alfredo...everything was amazing!!! The best crab cakes I've had so far....I know I will be craving the spicy Nola bites when I go back home. I definitely recommend this restaurant, the service was fast and friendly.Charming little place.  The food and service were good, so I recommend trying it.  Doesn't seem to be the most popular place around, but that doesn't bother me.
Give it a tryThis place needs a major adjustment the service is terrible. We called for reservations they said they don't take any so we pulled up over there.
the place was not busy ordered a scotch on the rocks no one would bring it. 
Later the guy came back wondering whether I wanted scotch and Coke. I told him no.
I wanted scotch on the rocks.. he never came back...
 I had to walk to the bar and ask for my scotch on the rocks and there it was still sit there ..all water down.. the bartender gave it to me.
 I went to my table another waiter came up... I told her about it she said she'd bring me another one then I ordered a dozen fresh oysters on the half shell which are supposed to be on ice and freezing cold. Not so at this place okay no problem.. let's move on.. ordered a grilled chicken salad the chicken was so dry seem like it was sitting there for 4 days you needed a gallon of water to push down one strip. Finally we ordered the bread pudding..  I've had a thousand of them this one was definitely the worst so needless to say no need to go back here again
No one ever came and asked how we were doing or if we needed anything else. Each time we wanted something we had to flag the waitress down.In town for Essence Festival and all I can say is how do service workers do it with all these people !!! Anyway, absolutely loved the Shrimp and Crabmeat Omelette. Spencer, our waiter, has a killer smile !!This was the best restaurant we expeienced in New Orleans! The food was delicious and super fast, the servings were generous, but the best part of the restaurant was our waiter.
TJ was super polite and friendly and he was amazingly attentive. He not only kept our drinks refilled, he even did the same for a side order of sauce that one of our party requested. We literally never waited more than a few minutes for any request and that was only for the particular requests we made. Most of the time he took care of things before we asked. 
We only wish there were more TJs waiting tables in NOLA.Stopped in here after we couldn't get poboys from killer's. We got the "taste of Louisiana" three plate consisting of gumbo and rice, crawfish etouffe, and jambalaya. We look got the shrimp poboy. We weren't happy with the poboy here but the three sampler platter was pretty good. The gumbo wasn't good until we added Louisiana hot sauce tho. Service wasn't very good. We asked for a side of spicy mayo sauce and it took literally 13 min. They kept coming to our table with the wrong order. It was difficult to flag someone down to get our check. Overall wouldn't come again.First meal after checking into our hotel.  This restaurant was just around the corner from our hotel. It was less than a 5 minute walk.  When we arrived, we were seated by the hostess right away.  Shortly after, our waiter came and took our drink orders and appetizer order.  
We ordered a dozen Oysters on the half shell as our appetizer.  It was decent size and delicious.  It didn't have that sandy, grainy taste like some oysters do.  As our meal, I ordered the Crabcake and Shrimp Alfredo (Crab cake on top of a bed of Fettuccine pasta with sauteed shrimp tossed with seafood alfredo sauce) which was very delicious.  It was not dry at all. The crab cake was also just right.  My family ordered the Taste Of The Bayou (Combination of bayou traditions: Chicken & Andouille Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffée, Red Beans & Rice and Cajun Jambalaya) and the Creole Stuffed Fish (Southern Gulf fish fillet stuffed with crawfish dressing, baked and topped with a crawfish cream sauce, served with veggies).  
Overall, everything was great.  The waiter was very friendly and informative.  She gave us recommendations since it was our first time.  Will be back whenever I'm in the area.Everything here was really bland, not deserving of the lofty 4+ stars it currently has. Good place to sample the various New Orleans centric dishes thoughFood was fresh and delicious. Prices were reasonable and in line with comparable restaurants in the area.The oysters here are superb.   The bacon garlic, Texas bbq and buffalo are all on point.  I ordered at the bar and it was cool to watch them prepared right in front of you.   I also highly recommend the taste of the bayou sampler, the chicken and andouille gumbo, crawfish etouffee, and red beans and rice.  Red beans are some of the best I've had in New Orleans.  Fried alligator is very good as well, especially the creole mustard sauce it comes with.  The staff is super friendly and the place itself has a great feel to it.  And you can't beat the local right on canal st.  Shout out to my buddy Colin Kennedy who the manager at this fine establishment.  Will definitely be back with friends to try more creole cuisine in the near future!We had dinner there since we stayed at the Marriott next door and it was raining. Their creole food was great. I hat the combo, gumbo, jambalaya,  and red rice and beans. The meal was fantastic. The service was friendly, but the best part was the desert bread pudding. That concoction was superb. -- A must have if there.Overall a decent spot so def deserves 4 stars. My husband got the oyster Poboy. The bread was super thick and the sandwich was too dry. The oysters had a great seasoning to it and the fries were good. 
I got the crab cakes and they were soooo good! They are a must have! 
Our server was hilarious (I wish I remembered his name)!! 
So the food was decent but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go bk.I had a po' boy and wife had gumbo. Both were very very good. Service was very good and not too pricey. Very convenient to Marriott where we were staying, especially in the 3 inches of rain down pour we had...Being next door to my hotel and right in the middle of everything, having everything on the menu you would expect from a NOLA restaurant and having great staff who are sure you will have everything you want, Creole House is right up there.Ask for Danny, the funniest server ever! Try the crab claws the sauce is to die for!!!!!Really enjoyed my lunch at Creole House, their service just was sub-par when I dined. 4-stars because it was across the street from my hotel so a bunch of people at my convention also tried it out throughout the week and didn't really have issues. 
We had a group of ~15 walk up during [non-peak] lunch time and didn't have to wait anytime for them to push tables together for us to sit down. I let the hostess & waiters know we were on a time crunch and they all nodded and understood. As a group, we all maybe took just a few minutes to review the menu and order. I also asked the staff to print checks once the food came out so we could pay. Unfortunately this info must've not passed thru to other people in the restaurant because in the end, a bunch of us were late for the after-lunch seminar due to waiting for food, checks, & change. Again, a little pricy for what I ordered but I'm guessing this is just part of visiting Nola. 
The food though was amaaaazing for what I ordered [Crab Cakes & lunch Crawfish Etouffée] and tried from someone else's plate [a seafood etoufee dish with crab]. The crab cake was not overly crabby or fried. Just the perfect amount of everything. Wish I could've ordered another one. The coleslaw that came with the crab cakes was absolutely spicy and not something I would order again, it made my mouth go on fire. Their etouffee = drooling just thinking about it.Waiting forever to get our food! The redfish I ordered tastes like died one month ago and buried in their freezer since then! My first rate in the Yelp, worst experience ever!Had reservations and was seated quickly. Took 10 minutes for anyone to notice we were there. Don't bother ordering a mixed drink as you will wait forever and the bartender does not know how to mix a drink. Service is very slow. After you order the waiter tells us it might take a while. This is on a Wednesday night with only the first floor of the restaurant open.  Food took quite some time to come out and wasn't even hot. Service is inattentive and not interested in your dining experience. Bland food that is over priced. Avoid at all costs.Ate brunch here this morning. They were short staffed, but managing. Bartender was friendly and working very hard. We ordered, everyone else around us ordered, ate and left. We still had no food. The bartender had the manager check on it. He brought us out our food, my Louisiane wasn't hot and only had 1 oyster on it, my husbands bayou bowl was hot but had the wrong type of eggs. Drinks were good, but no apology from the manager at all. 2 hrs to eat so make sure you are ready to wait. The food was good, but I doubt I make this a regular return spot on our trips.Good wait staff. Food was good and reasonably priced. Nice ambiance too. I had the Bayou sampler.Raw oysters were monsters and the jambalaya was the best I've ever had!  Highly recommended!We ordered a basic breakfast and we did not enjoy it. Add to that the service was painfully slow and we had to ask 3 times for ketchup and hot sauce before we received it -the restaurant was not overly crowded so it was hard to understand what the problem was. There are so many great places to eat in New Orleans I would pass on this one.I don't like giving bad reviews but i have to mention that our experience here wasn't great. Visited for dinner and got the shrimp and grits. The shrimp weren't even cleaned properly and the grits were thick and and just off. The dish overall lacked taste and the service was just sad.  
It was late at night and we were way to tired to complain but they really could do with some changes. It's on a great spot, right on the main road but they have a lot of work to do.We are in New Orleans celebrating my daughters birthday and this was our first stop for dinner. The shrimp was okay and the fish was not cooked enough. My wife said her shrimp and grits were just fair. The service was really, really slow. Don't think I would ever eat there again, especially since there is supposed to be some awesome food here in New Orleans.Good food had the  shrimp platter. Frys were cold but everything else was good. Lots of shrimp.  Waitress was nice. 6:45 dinner restaurant was 50% full. Worth the trip overall.Searching for a place suitable for children and close to the Quarter, we walked into the Creole House.  We found the service staff to be very friendly and efficient.  More importantly, they were very accommodating in meeting my daughter's off menu meal requests.  The food was plentiful  and very tasty.  Prices were reasonable for the Quarter and the menu selection was similar to all of the other creole restaurants ranging from moist and well seasoned boudin sausage to blackened redfish.  My daughter proclaimed her meal the best in Orleans.  This of course warranted a return meal which was very consistent with our prior experience.  This place is not Arnaud or Antoines but if your toting little ones this is the place for you.  Although we were dining during peak times and the Brennen's Palace down the street was packed, we never had a problem getting immediate seating.Very good food with even better service. Johnathon our waiter was the sweetest and provided us with some amazing recommendations as we are tourists. The crab claws was amazing with a sauce to die for.  He recommend the fried alligator and it was awesome! The Cajun Bloody Mary was the perfect blend of spicy and tang. Definitely would recommend!We stopped in for dinner last night. I would say creole house is definitely generous on portion size. They are Texas-sized!  For sure it will fill any empty belly after a long day's whatever you did. 
The po boys are tasty with probably a little too much salt on the crawfish po boy. I highly recommend the roast beef po boy. It is juice tender and so so good. 
The crab claw on the Appetizer list is very good. I didn't care for the toast it came with and asked for substitution... That was a no.  Just so if you are thinking of that be prepared you may not be able to sub.Our waiter, TJ was great. The roast beef po boy was fantastic, the crawfish etouffee was very good, as was the jambalaya.This was a definite 'party in your mouth' experience! I looked this place up on Yelp, read the reviews, saw the pictures of food, grabbed my cousin and said 'Let's go!'. We were not disappointed. We ordered the shrimp and crab cake   pasta, the shrimp and grits, and a waffle. Everything was amazing-seasoned really well with true Creole flavor. Loved it!
Our server was really nice and offered help in choosing a menu item(we wanted it all-true foodies, plus we were starving!). She also made sure our cups never went dry. Oh! And the coffee was just right. None of that watered down stuff here. Good bold flavor too. 
One thing to mention: this place serves breakfast as long as they're open. So you can choose between breakfast and lunch/dinner menus. Many options to satisfy your taste buds!!Service was mediocre... Food wasn't good... Was totally disappointed. I only enjoyed my cocktail.This is our last night in town and we wanted to go to a nice dinner. After reviewing what's in walking distance and had great reviews we chose this place. Adrienne was our waitress and she was absolutely amazing. She was so sweet and gave us to die for recommendations. We had crab cakes and sautéed crab legs as our appetizer and the entree we had shrimp and grits and blackened red fish with smothered sautéed shrimp. The food was amazing. We actually had a moment with each bite. This is a must come back to place when in town again.The food was a great introduction to the city.  Not overly seasoned and could have been a little spicier but the food was goodUpon arriving we noticed they had a pet skunk which we should have taken as an omen for how our meal would go. 
When we finally reached the hostess, she told us 1 minute, then 2 minutes, then 3 minutes. It only took 30 seconds!?!?! Come on, get the timing right. 
Eight out of ten sat down while two came later. The two that came later were much too hard for our waitress to handle. She missed one of the guys drinks and his order. Then she had the gal and balls to ask us if we wanted shots. When we asked for the check it took her 20 min plus. When she got back the checks were incorrect. 
The restaurant had no foyer which doesnt make for a warm meal on a windy night. 
The waitress? YIKES bro. 
...She was a smoke though
-J. Diners
PS it was dark in there.Wonderful flavors and very attentive wait staff! Food was delivered quickly. Will definitely come back!Had 3 appetizers with my wife, & a Sazerac.   Great service, very helpful & outgoing waiter.  Definitely worth stopping in!We had such a great brunch here! Food was excellent and our server was the nicest guy we've met so far in Nola... thank you Jonathan!!!Ordered takeout from here since they weren't pet friendly... I got the "taste of the bayou" which included red beans and rice, chicken and andouille gumbo and jambalaya. Paid close to $20 for just one plate and the portions were rather small which was a let down. But overall the food was good! Their red beans and rice were the best I had during my trip to NOLA.Yummy yummy oysters.  Got a PoBoy fried fish, yummy , they give you three pieces of huge fried fish. Very tasty.Pleased with the food and service. The good thing is they are such a large restaurant that even on a Saturday night there was no wait. I would highly recommend their crawfish etouffee. The crab cakes weren't very big, but the sauce that came with them was very good.Terrible experience... Probably just a bad waiter, but the experience was horrible! Here for the weekend grabbing something before the night time shenanigans begin... and our food was late... (late as in groups of ppl that came after us getting their food before us). food was cold upon arrival... our waiter was more interested in the game on TV at the bar than doing his job. he constantly forgot things, and on top of that he took our food (dishes) before we were done eating.Had dinner here for the first time in about 2 years. Great food and great service. Food is not cheap but is worth every penny. Ambience is great for a friendly meal with friends. With a lot of experience with restaurants in New Orleans this is one of my favorites by far. If visiting the quarter this is a great start.Visited during Mardi Gras 2018 and the jambalaya was AMAZING!!! I definitely recommend this spot to anyone visiting the area. I can't wait to go back.Just stopped by to cool down from heat. I had a beer, some fresh oysters. Good service, good food. Satisfied!Really cool vibes. The building itself is beautiful. The food is authentic and good and I have come here every time I have visited this city. It's our tradition now (: The staff is also very friendly.I really wasn't impressed... We missed the breakfast by minutes. So we ordered po boy shrimp and po boy oyster, to my surprise I ended up with pop corn shrimp on a big bun. Very disappointed! My drink was suppose to be a concoction like a spike lemonade and man was it so watered down I thought a was drinking plain water... the upside was our waitress named Adrianne was just the best. She is the only reason I gave  this restaurant got two stars.. Come on new Orleans and redeem yourself... this restaurant is far below average, just my opinionRight on Canal street it's crazy busy.  Food is good, try the alligator bits as an appetizer,. Mufalatta not like the original as its served warm and thick cuts of deli meats, it pretty good.  Good Bloody Mary's.  TVs with the games on.Long time New Orleans visitor, first time to Creole House. After our experience, I'm sad that I didn't discover this place sooner.  
Our service was top notch, I wish I could remember our servers name, he definitely deserves a mention. 
The Spicy NOLA bites are delicious, perfect appetizer. The bite isn't "spicy" the dipping sauce tastes like it's made from horseradish, that's where the kick comes from.  Also, the crab cake on the Crab-cake and Shrimp Alfredo was the best I've ever had. Too many times the crab cakes I've ordered taste really "fishy".  Not these, seasoned perfect and a clean crab flavor. 
Awesome experience, hope our next visit is the same.The Cannel Street Redfish was amazing!  We are only in New Orleans for the week but we will be back before we leave.  Awesome food!Awesome service and food was great. The strawberry shortcake dessert was to kill for. I had shrimp po boy and my wife had fish po boy. The fish was out of this world. The shrimp po boy was just ok. Overall awesome 5 starI was really excited to try this place , I saw it walking down canal street and planned to go by for dinner .  
I was not impressed , to say this is New Orleans and this restaurant is creole / Cajun restaurant it was not good at all !
The food was very bland and blah , everything was in thick batter with no taste . 
Our server was very friendly and prompt but the food was nothing to write home about , I definitely won't go back .  
On top of the food being boring the restaurant was very hot , like there was no air circulating .  
If you want great creole food I would suggest going down bourbon street , or anywhere else !Creole House, you are on my list of MUST RETURN when in NOLA.
Appetizers:
Crawfish Cakes: DELICIOUS. Whatever that sauce was, it was asking to be licked off of the plate.
Bacon Garlic Oysters: MY GAWD. These things are addicting. I had to stop myself from ordering more. They were FRESHLY chargrilled, like you couldn't just pick them up off the plate. They were literally piping hot and ridiculously amazing.
Entrees:
Taste of the Bayou (Crawfish Etouffee/Red Beans & Rice/Jambalaya): All were VERY good, but the star of this plate was the Etouffee. The flavors blended so well, and the seasoning was spot on. no hot sauce needed. The jambalaya needed a few drops, but it was good as well. Red Beans, better than anything in California.
Shrimp and Grits: I NEVER finish plates at restaurants (I am the to go box queen) but this plate? I scraped it clean. The gouda grits were decedent, rich, flavorful. The shrimp were fresh and plentiful. The cherry tomatoes were the perfect garnish. I was completely blown away by the complexity of the flavors. 
Oh, and by the way, the service was great. They were busy but the server was very friendly, and kept up with us.
Places like this are the reason I could NOT live in NOLA, I'd be obese and broke. See you next time Creole House!!!!We started off with an appetizer of crawfish bites which were tasty. For dinner we ordered Shrimp and Grits and Crawfish Etouffée. Both were a good portion size and very flavorful dishes. We especially loved the Shrimp and Grits, they were the best we have ever tried! The ambiance of the restaurant was beautiful and the service was prompt and friendly. We really enjoyed our visit, definitely recommend checking this restaurant out!Had high hopes for this place going into it but from the appetizer we were disappointed. Food was not hot across the board, server took a while to bring the check. Fried calamari was over salted and tasted like it came frozen. Tourist trap for sure. Had potential reading the menu but didn't deliver when the meal came.Adorable vintage looking place. Our server was charismatic and friendly. We ordered the Stuffed Creole Fish. It was amazingly delicious. I gave it 4 stars because the servings are very small for the price and my chicken andouille sausage gumbo was only broth and white rice. No meat at all! They also said we could substitute our sides but then tried to charge us $4 more for it.I had lunch here yesterday and today. Both times, I was pleased with my meals as well as the service. The staff was very nice and accommodating. The food was really good. Keep up the great work!Needed to wait, which is fine but outside in 90 degree heat with no water for 20 minutes. Not sure any restaurant is worth it.I had the shrimp and grits and it was amazing. The service was excellent and the prices were really fair. I will be back. Thank youWent for dinner on a Wednesday and it was fairly busy, considering it was the middle of the week, but the staff was lively and attentive. I and a friend sat at the bar, where there was a jovial and active ambiance as the bar staff prepared fresh oysters, made drinks, and served up pleasant conversation. The fried alligator appetizer was delicious and the fried crawfish plater was exceptional, down to the mouthwatering cornbread hush-puppies. Even the traditional Old Fashioned was fantastic and exuded pride in the craft. The only down side was the price, which was just a little bit more than I would expect, but the overall experience made it is easily worth it. All in all, I would heavily recommend this new and delicious addition to Canal Street for visitors and locals alike!Found this place by doing a yelp search. Had pretty good reviews. Were in town for a conference and decided to check it out. Oysters are delicious nice and fresh. We met a guy named Peter that works behind the bar shucking oysters grilling them and whatnot. His station was right in front of the part of the bar where we were sitting. Naturally we struck up a conversation and he is a great guy. He suggested some items we tried them very good food. He let us try some of the vodka that they marinate for the bloody Mary's. we ended up getting some martinis using this vodka. It was amazing. He told us that they do a bacon infused Bloody Mary so guess where we are going for breakfast tomorrow morning????Ate here for dinner last night. Place was packed so sat at the bar- the bartender was friendly and helpful with suggestions. I ordered the shrimp and crabcake alfredo- it was excellent and service was prompt. Would go back if in town again.One my favorite breakfast/brunch spots in NOLA. Seafood Benedict this time, awesome pancakes on my last visit. Everything was delicious on both visits.Cute little restaurant. Staff is more than friendly and so polite and nice. Service was ultra quick. I had the fresh oyster that were huge!! (They were a little dirty so i ate them with the fork, not sure if they are served this way here) and the shrimp and grits was exactly what i wanted for a late supper (some shrimp still had their skin on but no biggy). The interior and music just brings you somewhere else!!
Plus the main dishes are reasonably priced 18-25$The Bacon garlic Ousters were amazing, careful they come out HOT!  If you want oysters that taste like bacon, this is it.This place sucked.. double charged me, and gave super small proportion sizes, and didn't have any seafood in the gumbo. Won't be back.This place sucks.  Service was horrible.  Took 20 minutes for our table to even see a waitress then another 20 for me to get a coffee, it was like a shot glass, refill took forever. Corned beef hash had almost no corned beef.  My friends biscuits and gravy had almost no gravy.  Seemed like we were inconveniencing them by being there.  Would not recommend.I ordered a Caesar salad with shrimps and the shrimps tasted terrible, just like some cheap frozen ones you might find in bad college dining halls.Great staff , great food....what more can you ask for! The crab claws appetizer is a MUSTTTTThe old dude bartender was spot on with his recommendations of gator tail and raw oysters and the Dixie beer. Ribeye was ok.  Taste of the bayou jambalaya and the crawfish were stars.   Others were goodComing from the North aka Chicago, 312/815; this is PHENOMENAL, the service--everyone is friendly; not at this restaurant but the city of New Orleans--southerners are friendly and that's a fact; well the workers friendly and knowledgeable, our waiter very relaxed and just the best--his name is Kenyatte M. Get him.
The food was delicious, I had a Alligator Po-Bo and wow, truly it taste like chicken. It was crisp and a bit chewy and juicy; the party I was with had red fish and potatoes which tasted like mama's cooking. And delicious. 
The ambience is wonderful, brings an old Victorian New Orleans household with its stylish stairwell and the Jazz music. 
I would definitely come back and back and back. 
Ps. The Pecan Cobbler, OMG the Pecan Cobbler, the Pecan Cobbler. GET IT.Great food, service, and atmosphere. I enjoyed the crab claws and a local IPA. Open late and friendly service.The Creole House was our first stop in NOLA. I has the shrimp fettuccini with a crab cake, OMG! heaven! and their shrimp Po-Boy was awesome. I totally recommend this place.The food was great but it is overpriced. The server wasn't that friendly and did nothing when my boyfriend told her that he found a huge piece of shrimp shell in his shrimp and grits. The calamari is fantastic. Overall satisfied.Excellent service and food.  The oysters are to die for, and the crawfish poboy hits the spot.  Drinks are also quite amazing.Wonderful dining experience!  The NOLA bites were  great!  The fish and oyster platter were some of the best on the planet!  My husband loved the red beans and rice with a side of cole slaw.  We definitely will be back!Omg ! We were starving after walking the quarter for hours and stumbled upon this place . Honestly I thought a place on canal would be pretentious and expensive BUT who cares with this place?! Definitely NOT pretentious and well worth the price . We sat at the bar and TJ took care of us and he's so awesome!!! TJ made out experience TOP notch! He's happy and welcoming and hooked up the delicious oysters ( which I've never had and not sure if I'll have them again if TJ doesn't make them). We will definitely be back . Oh... and the pecan pie... eat at your own risk! So decadent!!Great live jazz music. My girlfriend and I decided to spoil ourselves and we got the big lobster platter...lobster, crab, clams, mussels, shrimp, sausage, corn, and potatoes. HOLY CRAP it was the best meal we've had in a long time! The lobster was huge and sooooo good. They give us a good amount of food with what we ordered. And given the location of the place I'd have to say the price wasn't bad. Our waiter was super cool. So was the entire staff. Also the atmosphere is awesome.Food here was amazinggggggg!!! The shrimp yay yay was so good I could've eaten it more than once. Only reason I took a star away was because our waiter was a complete idiot. Didn't listen to our orders, food came out wrong and he didn't even acknowledge it, another server helped us. He wasn't attentive at all and were simple people. Food was delicious thoughThe food was good. I had the canal street redfish and the seasoning was awesome. For appetizer we had raw oysters, which were also good for my first time trying them! It's not a far walk if you are staying anywhere in New Orleans. The service was very good and both indoor and outdoor seating are good choices.First time visitor. Thoroughly impressed with food and service. I got the fish platter which is enough for two people. Kyle at the bar was very friendly.Hate to give bad review but this place was sooooo over priced...I got two silver dollar crab cakes for $13...
The other three people I was with got gumbo and the shrimp po boy...both dishes were very bland and the gumbo didn't even have pieces of meat
In it! 
Service was not great, had to ask for, order and remind the waitress of  everything at least 2 times. 
Drinks look pretty...and if you don't
Mind ordering $15 dollar alcoholic drinks without alcohol then you're good lol. They all tasted soooo weak.best oysters I've ever had, but hey, I'm from Ohio. Boudin was awesome. The best dinner I could imagine getting there is the redfish with shrimp on top. My wife is not a fish person and absolutely loved it. The service was top notch. With such a high concentration of places around this area, you could be overwhelmed. Just go here, it really shouldn't disappoint you.  my wife loved the gumbo/jambalaya trio plate and it ended up being our best meal in New Orleans.Nothing special. Eggs were not prepared as requested, biscuit was dry. Service was fine. $20 for "classic" breakfast of eggs, bacon, grits, biscuit & gravy and soda - pretty steep in my opinion.Came here twice, once for breakfast then later that day for dinner.
My breakfast was delicious - benedict with crawfish sauce on fried potatoes. The waitress was kind enough to notice that the cooks didn't hard poach my eggs as ordered, and had them redo them. However, my sister's eggs were over poached, not as ordered.
Dinner was too salty. Way way way too salty. But the wait staff was very quick and friendly.One of the absolute best experiences I've had in Nawlin's. The wait staff are absolutely amazing Adrian and Jonathan are truly gems. Took such good care of us and if you do get to be as lucky as us maybe have Jonathan sing a song for you. He's got one heck of a voice. Will definitely come back again. Keep singing Jonathan and don't let anybody stop you!!!Poor management & poor service. I would never eat here again. I think the best think was the hostess. Manager rolled eyes at employees. Manager didn't know how to hand the issue with my food. Jambalaya taste like rice dressing. Never get if you will eat at that place. Small portions & not that great of food. We sat at the table with no drink & not all our food for about 15 mins. Then when we got the rest never saw anyone again. Just sat at the table another 15-20 mins. Waiting.The food was absolutely incredible, and the service was very good as well.  The oysters Benedict was my favorite meal of this trip!Food was fantastic!  Sat outside along canal street and enjoyed the scenery. The culture is great with jazz playing in the background. Ordered a crawfish cake Benedict. Nice way to get some of the New Orleans culture for breakfast. Strongly recommend!!Shrimp Ya Ya, alligator po boy, blackened chicken Cajun alfredo, jumbalya - this place is hands down amazing. Best meal I've had in New Orleans and there's good food everywhere. 
Waiter is courteous and professional and made excellent recommendations for menu options. 
We will be returning tomorrow morning for chicken and waffles for breakfastMaybe it was because we were there at 4:00, but the food was mediocre, at best. I had the shrimp & grits and it was ok, but would have been better if it didn't taste left over from lunch. My friend had the gumbo and crab cakes and she wasn't impressed either.We came in on a Thursday at around 11 AM. Business was slow and we were 1 of 6 or so tables. Service was fast at this time and quality of food matches the price.My husband and I went while visiting New Orleans. We had the crab cakes for an appetizer and they were very good. My husband had an alligator poboy and said it was excellent. I ordered the muffallatta and it was a little oily but pretty good.This was the best breakfast ever in NOLO, waiter/singer was exceptional, thank you JohnathanMy Mom and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat while wandering around the city. We got the Bayou sampler and it was great! Wait staff was nice and the place was very comfortable. However, a little bit pricey. We paid 20 bucks for three cups of gumbo/jambalaya/rice&beans respectively.We came to this place because the pictures and the menu looked amazing. We did not get let down! We ordered the bacon oysters, gator bites and shrimp and grits. EVERYTHING was amazing and the staff was even better! Their drink selection was even great. We didn't have any wait either considering its in a prime location. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone especially those visiting!This place was fantastic. We were wandering around the French Quarter and stopped in for a drink, which turned into appetizers. We sat at the bar, by the oyster shucking station. The staff was fun and playful. We all had moscow mule, fantastic.
We ordered the chargrilled bacon, cheese oysters, the wings and the fried alligator. All were fantastic.The service is good.  My jambalaya was cold, salty, and disappointing.  It was the least impressive meal I had considered it was somewhat pricey.  There are way better dining experience elsewhere all over town.Had lunch here Tuesday and it was excellent. We started out with oysters in the half shell and fried alligator. Alligator was fried perfectly and very juicy and tender. I'm sure it's blasphemous to say, but if you've never had alligator, it does taste like chicken.  
My wife had etouffee and I had creole stuffed fish. Both prepared very well, we both enjoyed our entrees very much. I highly recommend this place. Casual atmosphere and very friendly staffThe reviews did not disappoint. The chargrilled oysters were the BEST!!!! Shrimp po boy fried fish po boy seasoned and fried to perfection. Ask for Shirley. Even though she is a Met fan we won't hold that against her. She is an excellent server. Will be back.I had the taste of the bayou. I liked the red beans and rice, but didn't care for the jambalaya or gumbo. The fried alligator was delicious.The food was incredible. I Love soul food so I have high expectations of grits. The grits met mike requirements, delish!
The Crab cakes were also great. Really enjoyed the Blackened Red fishI tried this place because it was the closest restaurant to my hotel. Ordered a Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary was very good! Also had the Bayou Benedict and it was excellent. The servings were big. I couldn't finish all of it. Service was great and all of the staff were friendly.Our first stop for dinner on our Honeymoon. Drinks were incredible, many different options and twists on the famous New Orleans mixed cocktails. Oysters were FRESH and giant. The entrees were the perfect blend of contemporary cuisine and traditional Cajun fare. We're still talking about the shrimp and grits. And I would definitely recommend the pecan cobbler to finish up the night.Not good. Cold food, dishes not seasoned well. Mediocre, would not be back. Annoyed with YELP because I don't need to comment furtherWhile walking around NOLA I kept walking by this place and decided to try it for breakfast and boy was it a great choice! Shared the Taste of Bayou and Chicken & Waffles. Taste of Bayou (Combination of bayou traditions: Chicken & Andouille Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffée, Red Beans & Rice and Cajun Jambalaya) was a perfect amount to try out some real creole food. It's one of those things that you try this and say that you have tried several dishes from NOLA. Moving on to the Chicken & Waffles and can I say AMAZING! The chicken was perfectly cooked. Juicy on the inside and super crispy on the out. Pair that w/the delicious waffles and you have a perfect combo breakfast! Wish I could go back and try out more dishes!Service was amazing. Forgive me, I don't remember his name but I'll never forget how kind, thoughtful and funny he was, and the food phenomenal. The oysters are a must!! The energy and ambiance was great.We enjoyed this for our date night. I had the jambalaya pasta (excellent) and my husband had the Taste of New Orleans (hard to go wrong there). Service was excellent.I visited this creole seafood house for lunch. It is a casual atmosphere. The food was average. I ordered the shrimp YAYA and the chargrilled oysters. My waiter was Ivory and he gave great service. I ordered the crawfish etouffee but my tails were gray so I sent them back. Overall I'd visit again and choose a different option.went in for breakfast..AMAZING..the Louisiana Benedict with oysters was so good and the crawfish cake was delicious. the servers and hosts all worked together to take care of guest what a wonderful dinning experienceGreat food, great location. The sampler was genius all of my New Orleans favorites at once. Great portions, outstanding customer service!The BEST shrimp and grits I have ever had. Really good service and the price was right on point. Conveniently located to hotels and nightlife. I did not have the oysters, but the group I was with did and said they were amazing. I highly recommend this restaurant!Had dinner there last nite. Not cooked to order. Jambalaya was nasty. Cajon chicken dry and overcooked. Jumbo part was reheated and there were lukewarm warm and warmer spots. If wasn't so hungry with parade outside would have sent it back. Service was medicore. A lot of other places to choose from.