I've had this steakhouse on my list for a while now, due to the fact that I love steak, it's run by Croatians, and there are intimate booths with curtains. However, it took a while for my fiancée and I to make it over there due to the shady neighborhood. We were pleasantly surprised that there was a parking lot adjacent to the building and security guard standing outside the door. We were greeted right away and brought to our private booth. We had an older gentleman as our waiter, who I felt looked down upon us for our age, even though my fiancée and I are 25 and both have respectable professions. Aside from him, everything was great. We ordered the shrimp cocktail, although small was delicious. I had the filet and the German potatoes which were fantastic, and my picky fiancée had the potatoes lyonnaise with a sirloin, that he stated was the best steak he's ever had. We will definitely be back for special occasions!Most pleasant, attentive thoughtful professional staff AND most importantly the best quality steak we have ever  eaten out!   Our dad is in the angus hall of fame and we eat beef everywhere! Delicious ! Don't miss this place. Only warning If you have dessert pass on the coffee.It seems as though crescent city is riding on a reputation of what once was. Each time we return, they slip a little more. Our appetizers were mediocre, salads were lacking complimentary dressings and substance and the steaks quality was fair but not something to write home about. The au gratin potatoes were traditional and were actually the best part of the meal. So, at the end of the meal I find myself crossing crescent city off of my list of favorite dining spots in New Orleans. I just can't I though the disappointment again. Do yourself a favor and yelp for a steak house that will be worth your money and will leave you happy-full at the end of the night. Crescent city is not the answer your are looking for :(Supposedly, this is the joint where the Ruth of Ruth's Chris learned this now infamous formula....
Butter + Sizzling Steak = Ooh La La
Their steaks are divine, my filet was cooked to perfection with just the right amount of butter.  The potatoes au gratin makes my want to join carbaholics anonymous.  The service is sweet and personable....leave the hoitty-toittiness at Ruth's Chris.Overall a rather ordinary experience.  Three stars due to friendly and competent service.  A nice wine list with an emphasis on reds, as one would expect in a steakhouse.  We had an order of onion rings as an appetizer.  Very well done with a light batter.  Caesar salads were average at best.  My wife enjoyed her filet.  My NY strip was very disappointing.  Ordered rare, it was red in the center but the outside had no char at all, soft and flabby.  Not a steakhouse black and blue.  The steak was very lean, I doubt that it was prime and had no flavor of dry aging.  Just not a quality piece of meat and not well prepared.  Deep fried potato discs were not crisp and undercooked.  Bread was cold and only served with the entrees.  We will not return.My absolute favorite steak in all of NOLA. The staff are always very welcoming and accommodating. Excellent service. This is the type of place that as soon as you walk in. you feel like you're family.
Great, great food.This is a classic New Orleans restaurant. The ambience is 1960's upscale steak restaurant, but the service is second to none. The steaks are expertly prepared and after a few reasonably price drinks, everything is heavenly.Excellent ambiance, great keeping of tradition on meats which are excellent. I was expending a bigger bill than what I got. Happy to find a new favorite steakhouse in New Orleans. Sit in of the booths, you won't regret it.This isn't a review of the food- this is a review of the people of Crescent City Steaks. It's my first night of my first trip ever to New Orleans. My mom and I tried walking back to the bead and breakfast we are staying at and got lost...so we ended up at Crescent City Steaks, and want to thank the staff so much for calling a cab for us... At least four or five times over the course of an hour, until one finally came, and being very warm and welcoming to us, especially on such a chilly night! Thank you! We hope to get to try your food soon too!Ummmm...Did I miss something? The food is mediocre, the service is okay, the armed guard in the parking lot is nice given the neighborhood. You pay a lot for nothing inherently special. Should have gone to Ruth's Chris considering the price and service. The chef also needs to learn how to make a Marchand de vin, because what was served was basically store bought brown gravy mix with mushrooms added.Took my girlfriend here for Valentine's Day.  The atmosphere was great, and the steaks were equally as good.  Will probably make this a tradition.We had the Onion Rings to start, Excellent!
Next we had the Bone In New York Strips, Lyonnaise Potatoes, Peas. I had the house Cabernet which was really good. 
The service is fantastic. The waitstaff were accommodating and attentive. 
Now, the steaks were not what I expected. They reminded me of something I could have purchased at any mud to low level steakhouse. Definitely not Ruth Chris. My expectation from a classic steakhouse is too notch steaks, all else can be a bit less than stellar, but not the meat. 
I will try the restaurant again to give them the benefit of the doubt.Went here recently for a dude's night out. Has a kind of old-school Italian decor. Service was fantastic. The food was pretty good, not great. Prices are about what you'd expect. I probably won't be back soon, but if you've never been I do recommend you try it.The steak here is phenomenal. I highly recommend the porterhouse for two. It's big enough to share with leftovers. The sides I could take or leave; they were mediocre at best, salads, spinach, potatoes, etc.Dinner on March 31 was excellent and our waitress was prepared to handle a 3 year old too.  All steaks prime on menu.  Mine was filet mignon center cut laying in a dish of seasoned butter.  Had several sides of potatoes cooked different ways and sauteed spinach.  Finished off with succulent brandy soaked bread pudding.  Wine list is very nice and a little cognac really was nice.  3 yr old enjoyed fries and dancing to some oldies on the jukebox.  Very memorable meal.  Need to call for reservations.  There are 4 curtained booths for couples.Bacon wrapped Filet cooked medium rare - sauteed spinach - all I can say is WOW. Truly excellent treat. I am spoiled for any other restaurant and will long for my next meal here! Great atmosphere, great service, great food.Must have been my lucky day because they are usually closed on Mondays(my only day off), but they opened the upper dinning area because they had a private party in the main room. A great dinner followed  with very reasonable prices. And yes the steaks are really prime.The best filet I've ever eaten. Perfectly cooked & came to the table sizzling. I ordered the scalloped potatoes, which were handmade, so you could really taste the difference. Our server Anthony was outstanding as was the maitre'd (dark haired female). The restaurant has not changed since my first visit sometime in the 80's. Lots of character! For those that are hesitant regarding the safety of the area, there are ample security staff outside. If you haven't had a meal at Crescent City, treat yourself, you'll be glad you dFirst time going was a couple weeks ago. This place is great. Old school feel. Prices are excellent for steak house. There is a good reason this place has lasted as long as it has. 
Got the filet and it was perfect. Friend got the ribeye and it looked great. Nice atmosphere and good servers.I ate here based on a recommendation, but was very disappointed in the food.  Honesty taste like cheap diner food.  However, The service was very good.  I will not go back.  I had the ribeye with German fries.I ate here on my honeymoon, back in 92, before there was such a thing as web reviews.   It was so good I've dreamed of it ever since.  Most amazingly delicious steak I ever ate!  And the potatoes and everything else was good too, but if you want to eat a steak you remember with drool 20 years later...just saying.Great food. Very old school and basic but the food prices are old school too. Gray meat and service is great as well. You won't regret going here.The prices and portions here just can't be beat. A 10 oz filet wrapped in bacon runs you $27 here and it's always a perfectly cooked and seasoned buttery piece of prime filet resting on a sizzling plate of garlic butter sauce. Anywhere else that 10 oz filet would run you much higher and I've done the meticulous menu research to prove it. 
If you can get it, ask for one of their intimate booths where thick carpet curtains close you into an old world dining environment. There is something mildly erotic to me about the whole idea of sipping on martinis inside a carpet cloaked, virtually sound proof booth while catering to your primal meat cravings. The servers were super nice and curteous without being overly attentive. As our server told us, "If there is nothing else I can get you, enjoy your meal and just open the curtain when you are ready." I thought that was marvelous. I like good service but I hate feeling suffocated while I'm trying to relax over good food so I appreciated their laid back curtain policy. It makes you feel like there is no rush in the world and your allowed to stay for as long as you like.
We tried their wilted spinach and mushroom sides, which were good but nothing memorable. Next time I'll definitely try the Au Gratin instead but I was avoiding any heavy sides so I could focus all my energy on my filet and saving room for dessert. 
Speaking of dessert, we got their Z Pie, which was exceptionally better than I thought it would be. The menu description certainly does not do it justice! I was completely full by dessert but vowed I would struggle to split a bite with my friend and ended up fighting with them over it down to the last bite. That is a pretty rare occurrence for me since I'm never much of a huge dessert person. 
I had been to this restaurant once before but wanted to take a new friend there who I knew would appreciate a good steak dinner and has the same picky taste for a rare "pittsburgh style" prepared steak as I. They were also very impressed with the quality of the steak for the price and loved that the place was a "casual steakhouse" atmosphere. You don't need to feel underdressed or out of place if your not in the mood to fuss over getting too dressy, but still want a quality dinner. I'm not sure if this area gets a little dicey at night or not but I did appreciate the nice security guard who mostly just hangs out outside and opens the doors for guests. 
I would suggest anyone who is on the fence about trying this place to definitely give it a go! I would be completely shocked if anyone who went here ever had a disappointing experience. I love a prime quality steak, but hate over priced and pretentious chain steakhouse restaurants so this place hits the mark 100% for me.Went in this evening wanting a steak but not sure how much time I could invest because I was being the driver for friends. Had a cocktail while I ordered and got my food to go. Wow .... Amazed when I got home! The porterhouse (remember to go) was cooked to perfection and so tender I could just tear off pieces and eat - no knife required lol! The creamed spinach, potato augratin & onion rings were all amazing! Enough to feed me & my two adult children when they get home easily! Well worth the price.... Oh and the young lady behind the bar who took care of me was wonderful as well!!!Very consistent food and service. A personal favorite of mine for business lunches for many years now. Intimate settings for dinner as well.The steaks were good, not the best I've ever had but a solid steak house. However, for the caliber of the steaks the service was extremely sub par. The wait staff was extremely unresponsive and not very engaged.  Overall it was a good experience but definitely not anywhere close to the best in the city.Food was good, not great. Service was slow at first but good after the order was taken. Not a huge cocktail menu so I had wine. Steak was perfectly medium, I just wished it had a little more flavor and less grease. Spinach at gratin was not great, the spinach was overlooked and not seasoned well. Overall okay steakhouse. I had higher expectations for a place that's been open since 1930's.We stumbled upon this hidden gem while in town for a weekend. This is how a steakhouse should be. As soon as we walked in the atmosphere let us know we made a good choice. The staff is amazing and made us feel like we were regulars. The food came perfectly prepared. The steaks were seasoned just enough without overpowering the natural flavors. We will definitely be coming back before we return home.Holy moley- this place is amazing! My family has been coming here for the last 20+ years and we never leave disappointed. The bacon wrapped filet and broccoli au gratin are delicious, as is the garlic bread dipped in  your steak butter. Yum.Well, we tried this place out for a birthday dinner on a Saturday night, reservation highly recommended. The restaurant sits on Broad Av, located in Mid-City, not the typical location for a restaurant since all other are mainly downtown. The restaurant is old, but has had some recent renovation done to the waiting area, so don't be fooled by the aesthetics. The inside of the restaurant was lightly lit, just enough light for a romantic dinner or a very small group gathering. The ambiance was a bit loud, due to its small dining area, all the noise travels easily. Up against the wall, there are booths made for two, which provided privacy since a curtain is used to cover your booth. The service was great, no problems there.  First up was the wine of course, we chose the Waterbrook Merlot and small Cesar Salad to compliment, it's salad and wine nothing much to it. We decided to order the Porterhouse for Two, Broccoli Au Gratin, and German Fries. German Fries are thick round cut shaped fried potatoes, those were excellent and so was the Broccoli Au Gratin. The Porterhouse for two was huge, and just enough for two with just a little bit left over for a lunch reheat. It was just slightly season, if any, we couldn't tell either way it has delicious. The steak was tender and juicy and cooked just right, we would recommend a Medium Center; the Medium Rare on this thick steak was just 5 minutes short of a perfect inside. In the end, the meal was great and the atmosphere was wonderful.
If you need a great steak and you don't want to deal with the downtown hustle and bustle a quick trip to here will serve you up a steak as good as any steak house in the city.My experience at this restaurant today was extremely disappointing. The food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great either. Everything from the steak to the side dishes were off and the food did not live up to all of the restaurant's legacy and hype. After today, I will never be going back here again. 
I may as well go buy some prime steaks or filets at the market on my own and make my own dish. I would never ever recommend this place to any of my colleagues, friends or family. If you want a good steak, go to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse instead. 
When we told the waiter how disappointing and below average our food had been, the response from "the back" was that they weren't at their best tonight because there were too many people. Okay... so great! That meant that they knew the food was going to be shitty, but they still accepted customers anyways.... 
In short, I do not appreciate this kind of laziness and irresponsibility when it comes to fine dining. I need my fine dining to be fine dining. There was no honesty to this type of response and food. This was not fine at all, folks. Not fine at all. Avoid.Steaks were tender and flavorfu. I know they have kept everything the same as when they first opened up but times have changed and it'd be nice to have a different appetizer and side menu.My family and I visited this place for Father's day last year and had a pretty pleasant experience. It may behoove you to make a reservation or you'll be sitting in the back of the restaurant. It is separate from the true dining area and is kind of odd, to say the least. I was fine with it, because i was hungry and my father really didn't care. The service totally made up for this as the servers were incredibly attentive to our needs. The steaks were huge and the appetizers were on point. My father had a T-bone, which was cooked to perfection and did not require A1 sauce. I had the stuffed mushrooms which were both crunchy and juicy. It is a little pricey, but what do you expect from a steakhouse? I enjoyed the vintage feel of the restaurant and how old school New Orleans it was. I would definitely visit again, but on another special occasion.We had a great experience at the Crescent city Steak House!  First and foremost, the service was excellent; every person who came to our table was polite, attentive, funny, and personable.  The steaks were perfectly cooked and the sides were small but so rich that a little went a long way.  The room was charming and the cocktails were obviously mixed by a bartender who cares about his or her craft.  They also feature a great little selection of bourbons, which is just what I like to drink with a steak.  We'll be back!I love the old school vibe of this place, especially the private booths.  A nice bourbon selection to kick things off is followed good rings and other apps but this is a steakhouse and Crescent delivers with sizzling steaks delivered to the table.  I prefer the T-Bone but a ribeye never fails.  Some nice side dishes finish out the bill.  And speaking of bills, the price is more than fair.  One of my home town favorites.We went last night and had the chateaubriand for two.  Excellent.  Really excellent. 
Owners - don't change a thing!  We loved the old tiled floor and pressed-tin ceiling tiles and the quirky booth seating!  The food was hot and delicious and the server a consummate pro.  Very personable staff!We decided very last minute on a Friday night to make it a beefapalooza for dinner, so after a very scientific (ie, facebook) poll of the best place to have steak, we headed over to Crescent City Steaks.
Definite old school atmosphere, but not stuffy at all. Other diners were wearing jeans, suits and business casual, so unless you've just jumped out of the pool you're probably dressed OK to visit.
Our waiter was Anthony and I'm positive that when he's not at work he goes by Ant'ny. Anyway, Anthony was just the right amount of attentive without being one of "those" waiters that you think might sit down with you.
If you go here, it's for the steak. Oh my gosh. The steak. Perfectly cooked and seasoned, I barely needed my knife and certainly would not have dreamed of asking for any sauce because to do so would have been sacrilege. 
Sides? Eh. We ordered the potatoes Lyonnaise and the German potatoes. Both were cooked well, but completely underseasoned.
Salad? Eh. Although the house made blue cheese vinaigrette was delicious, my salad was swimming in it.
Bread pudding? Passable, but I'm pretty sure it was microwaved and definitely not photo worthy.
The additional of some fresh vegetables as sides would be a welcome change to the menu, but who goes to an iconic steakhouse for veggies, right?I've eaten here twice, and have twice been thoroughly disappointed. The first time the steak left something to be desired. Taste being one of those things. The second time I was there which was this past Saturday, I had a reservation for 4. We were sat in a back room next to the bathroom, which had none of the ambiance of the main dining room. Which might have not been that big of a deal, but passing an empty 4 top in the main dining room on our way to table 72 in  the "back room"made me wonder. In the back room, there was no music and no one to attend to us if we needed anything in between drinks and courses being served. I felt like I was being punished. Our server, Anthony was good, but being split between two separate rooms must have been understandably, tough for him. 3 out of 4 steaks were undercooked, and again lacked flavor. I know this place is supposed to be a sacred institution amongst New Orleans bred restaurants. But I have to call a spade a spade. I've been bamboozled twice, and don't plan on making it a 3rd.Food is good...atmosphere is pretty noisy. Prices are reasonable ;) will recommend. There is this waiter, I think his name is Brian...very good ;)Great food. Must have the stuffed mushrooms...amazing. Ribeye is insanely good oh and the potatoes are out of this world. Friendly staff they even accommodate us when we arrived an hour early. Will definitely visit again.Visited 12/24/14.  Solid steakhouse and sides, but filet was overcooked (requested medium, came out grey throughout).Went last night with a group of people and the service was horrible . The food was was awful. The waitress had a very nasty attitude! Will NEVER NEVER go back.Have not been here since before Katrina and randomly wanted a steak in a classic New Orleans atmosphere...well that is exactly what I got!!!  Crescent City Steakhouse was everything I remembered. The ribeye medium rare was cooked perfect but needed salt, along with the wonderful sides topped off with Z pie which was amazing.  If you are looking for a great steakhouse head to Mid City and enjoy.Seared on the grill and finished in the oven, that's how you know they know what they're doing.
I had reservations with three friends in one of the private booths, I love the decor - it's a 70+ year old business, and it's really like stepping back in time when you go in. Ceramic-tiled walls, textured panel ceiling, jukebox!
But let's get down to the meat of this review (SEE WHAT I DID THERE?). This was THE BEST STEAK OF MY LIFE. I had the bacon-wrapped filet medium rare, cooked just perfectly. I had a side of potatoes au gratin but whatever - THE STEAK. I really, seriously considered ordering another one after the first since it was so good.
Recommended for being off the beaten path, interesting, with good service, and most importantly - delivering on what counts.Go there for the experience but not for the steak.  it was great, dont get me wrong.  but not the best i have had in the city.  i went on fat tuesday and it was obvious it is a place the locals go.  definitely not a tourist place.  
because it was fat tuesday i am cutting it some slack.  going here on fat tuesday is like going to church on christmas.  it is just what you do.  that being said i was still not impressed with the food or the service.  
we were told it would be a one our wait but it was 2.5 hours.  then another 2.5 hours to order eat and leave.  service was pretty bad but they were pretty slammed.  probably understaffed but that is management's fault.  
steak was good.  nothing special though.  sides were mediocre at best and very simple.  
this place is all about symbolisim and being a true new orleanian. don't get me wrong, that is not something to take lightly.  come here for sure to say you did it but dont come here for the service or the food (again that might just be because it was fat tuesday).  I WILL GO BACK NEXT FAT TUESDAY.The iconic neon lights of CCS are a great childhood memory. Now decades later I am enjoying the deliciousness for which those lights represent. My staff holiday dinner was held at CCS for the second time. Upon arrival, we were met with great service from the security guard who helped us get a parking spot.
Our waitress Andrea managed the group of 14 with ease and did so smiling all night. As far as the steaks, the ribeye was juicy and flavorful. I savored every bite taking my time enjoying the steak. My husband enjoyed his filet as well. Our group as a whole agreed that our steaks were excellent. 
CCS is a great restaurant to work with on private gatherings. Thank you so much Judy for the accommodations your team provided. We hope to see you guys again!We wanted something off the beaten path where the locals go. We soon found out from our waitress that if we were daring we could venture out into the projects and head to this steak house. Since I grew up in the hood, this was no problem for me, but some of the others weren't so sure.
Once we got there on a Tuesday night, it was pretty dead. However, everyone was extremely friendly. This place has been there for many many years apparently. They still do things the exact same way they did 70 years ago. All their steaks come in from Chicago, and they are all handcut on site once you order your steak. They do a double age, a wet age, and then a dry age for a total of 45 days. I ordered the bacon wrapped filet for $25 (shocking!!) It was like butter in my mouth. The steak comes out sizzling on the plate, and it was fantastic! No steak on menu was over $33.
The wine list wasnt too great, but the people were friendly and the food was damn good!
I definately would go here again!Everything I ordered was divine perfection. The filet is excellent, the scalloped potatoes were rich and delectable. The margarita was shaken to perfection. Overall, if you're planning a proposal, this is the place to ask her.Very disappointed. Caesar salad came on hot plate. The tea taste like they haven't cleaned brew containers. The spinach au gratin was watery and cold. Ordered porterhouse for two, somehow I ended up with only substandard porterhouse ever! As if it came from a really old cow.  Service was ok. They could have cut porterhouse  into manageable pieces like the do at Mr. John's.I went to this restaurant thinking I was going to have a great meal with a friend of mine. Well that was a joke on Sunday when I ordered a chateaubriand and a bottle of wine. The meat was shredded and was a horrible presentation. I had to get the server to come cut it properly which he still could not do. I am a fine dining manager and for sure I know the difference. I had the bartender, two servers and the manager looking at us like we were going to run out of there. It was the MOST uncomfortable situation I have had in any restaurant. My bill was 150.00 not including the 30.00 dollar tip. I WILL NEVER RETURN AND WILL LET EVERYONE I KNOW NOT TO GO TO THIS PLACE. IT SHOULD DESERVE NO STARS AT ALLThe venue: cozy, friendly and inviting.
The staff: engaging
The food: I had a rib eye. It was absolutely delicious. It was cooked in garlic butter which was amazing. They had a great selection of family style sides.
I'd definately recommend as a good alternative to the Ruth Chris's of the world.The service was good even though the place was very busy. The onion rings, au gratin potatoes, and the sautéed spinach were all excellent but the steaks were lousy. This was a real surprise because so many people I know love this place. Maybe they just had an off night but my ribeye was thin and rubbery. It tasted and looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp or something. I was very disappointed.What character and charm. This place has so much history.   It was such a pleasure to eat here.  My husband loved the steak and the service was great.  It is def old school Nola!I had only been to Cresent City Steak once before years ago, but we went for my son's  bachelor party dinner the other night.  I only give one star less than 5 because the service was a bit slow, but then again we were a group of 11 guys who showed up at various times. The steaks were great, and being a group of men, we hardly ordered anything other than MEAT :-)  But, the sides that we did have were also very good. Asside from the food, the place is a real throw back to old school New Orleans steak houses.. private booths with curtains make you wonder who is dinning inside. and an old juke box provided just the right amount of atmoshphere.  Recomended 100 percent.This place was just ok to me . We made reservations before hand . They couldn't find my name until i showed them my confirmation. We were seated immediately and the waitress was super nice . We ordered the porterhouse medium well with potatoes. I received my steak medium rare. It seems the A1 was expired or had never been refrigerated.First time there last Saturday night. I made a reservations but they worked with me when we were 20 minutes late. The wait staff was top notch and I thought the steak was better than Ruth Chris. They have a parking lot for safety as well as a policeman on duty which I liked. The dress code varied from t shirts on up. I want to try the booth's with romantic curtains when my husband and I come back alone !Classic New Orleans steakhouse, circa 1930's.  Looks like Huey Long ate here.  It even has private booths with velvet curtains.  Steaks are great- love the porterhouse for two.  As far as sides are concerned, avoid the mushrooms- they seem to be canned.
All in all, it's a step back in time- LOVE the authentic early 20th century feel.  I believe Crescent City Steaks was the original competitor to Chris' Steaks, which was eventually taken over by Ruth Fertel, hence the name "Ruth's Chris."  The steak is good to incredible, depending on the night.  The lack of consistency is worrisome, and I'm hoping it's more consistently excellent instead of average.This is a great classic steakhouse. It is the kind of place where things never change - the kind of place where they serve the same meal today that the did 40 or more years ago. Good beef, cooked simply, with classic sides and a drink.Listen, I heard this place had a long history but let me say it's one of the most overpriced places and the price DOES NOT match the quality.
I was absolutely stunned at the steak and quality for the price it was.
The sides were good but $45 just for my steak and sides ? sorry but it's just not a place I ever plan to go back to. I'll pay $45 but not for what they offered and the atmosphere lacks immensely.
For that price I'd have gotten a FAR better meal at Lilette for possibly less or Luke. Again just being honest.
Just not worth it - honestly.As usual CCS did not disappoint. The dry aged prime porterhouse was cooked to point at med.rare. The way medium rare is supposed to be but forgotten in so many steakhouses. 
This  porterhouse for 2 is my go to steak. My wife gets the filet and I get the strip and bone! Very efficient cost wise and settles the caveman crave just by seeing this big boy.
Fries were meaty yet crispy..ŕight out of the pot.
We like to get the bordelaisse sauce (NOLA style) and use it to make our own garlic bread..out of the crispy french that's so good.
Salads are good but pricey. I've been told to stay away from the ribeye.. but no worries for me as I am not a ribeye guy anyway.
Stay with the strip, filet, or p.house.
The restaurant stays open later then advertised to service the crowd after Saints' games. .good thing to remember..and not difficult to get to after the game.Simply put, the best steak I have ever had in Louisiana. (The best steak ever was in Tuscaloosa, Alabama).
I got the strip steak. It was pan seared then finished in the oven. Covered in pan drippings and the tastiest butter, it was perfectly cooked medium. I also did the onion rings and Lyonnaise potatoes. Wish I had ordered more potatoes! 
The atmosphere is old world, I suggest a private booth. Close those curtains and focus on the food!We just got home from our first experience at Crescent City Steaks. It was fine, but nothing good. There were 2 of us, and out meal with tip came to $89. Depressing after the mediocre meal. The steak had gristle and was thin. The onion rings were alright. The potatoes au gratin were alright, but I think they may have come from a kraft box. German french fries were different but had no flavor. No flavoring or spices used in anything that we ate. Glad we can say that we experienced it, but we will not be returning. This is a real bummer because we were really looking forward to finally getting to experience this restaurant. This place is existing on name only.Very simple. Steak was good. Sides were amazing and drinks were strong. No very entertaining but great for good conversation.  Loved it.This was my first time going and I have been looking forward to coming here for quite some time. I loved the atmosphere and the service was good. The steaks were not. I ordered the ribeye and had to make several passes through it with the knife. It was tough and so was my wife's filet. The potatoes au gratin were so so, not great but not bad just there. The bread served with the meal was actually the highlight of the meal.An old school classic steakhouse off the beaten path in New Orleans.  Crescent City's my favorite place for a steak in the city. It's the whole package that makes CCSH the spot for a good cut.
It's starts with the location, out of the way of most tourists, and continues with the service and the food. It's all top notch.
I come for the steak, but I give it 4 stars because outside of the main course, the menu is unimpressive.Has to be one of my top choices for steak and dining. I would say top 10 with this one ranking at number 6. Love the ambiance of this place and the historic structure. Though, it's not too big it can seem a bit over crowded and noisy. Nonetheless, the hospitality is great. Food is delicious and always served hot. Steaks are juicy and tender. Would recommend for a side the Creamed Spinach and Potato Au Gratin. Will definitely recommend. This place is a definite Naturally Naw'lins.Drawing the curtains closed really is quite fun.  
I had driven past the neon sign many times before, but I had never actually stopped in to dine until recently.  Off-street parking was adequate (unusual for a New Orleans-proper restaurant), and the warm, inviting ambiance as we entered was the perfect antidote to a colder-than-usual December evening.  
The food, delivered sizzling to our private corner booth with framed receipts on the wall from 1946, was great.  I thoroughly enjoyed the ribeye - the butter used to prepare the steak was not excessive and did not detract in any way.  The sauteed mushrooms ordered as a side allowed me to eat my steak as I like best.  We were also able to bring our own wine, the sazeracs came with options (!), and my friend was even able to craft a vegetarian meal from the menu without difficulty.
With the curtains closed, we were still able to hear the hum of the restaurant around us, and the lighting was intimate.  The waiter would occasionally return like a pleasant surprise to fill our water glasses.
The three of us shared the dessert - Z Pie, I believe - ostensibly named after the founder's daughter.  Delicious.
What a genuinely nice experience.  Great service, little pretense, and a memorable evening.I so wanted to enjoy this place that even after being less than impressed the first time we went back last evening.  I split the Chateaubriand with my friend and we ordered several sides.  The asparagus and broccoli that came with the filet was more to the raw side and less to the cooked. The Marchand de Vin sauce was absolutely like ice . The sides were again unremarkable. For dessert I was served the saddest slice of pecan pie a la mode I have ever seen . How they are still around and still busy is beyond me, I find it to be a glorified roadside diner , the roadside diner would certainly have better pecan pie.Have always loved this place, but after tonight it is off our list. The experience started off bad (not getting seated for 30 minutes after our reservation time, painfully slow service) and ended worse (we sent back the ugliest, grisliest ribeye ever and later found out our waiter had to pay for it). Overall bad experience, but especially stung to hear that a waiter is required to take responsibility for the chef's mistakes.Had a business lunch here July 16. First, I love the look of the place. Private booths, wood paneled bar, tiled floors and walls. Nice.
However, I've had much better steaks. I had my favorite cut of steak - the rib-eye. This one had too much marbling and was a little too greasy. It was cooked to the temperature I wanted, though.
We started with the onion rings. Awesome. I had a side of the German potatoes, which were good. My friends has the Au Gratin, which looked great.
I will go back here one day, but will try a different cut of beef.Sent two steaks back to kitchen due to excessive salt use in preparation.  They washed the steaks off, reheated them then served them to us over cooked and washed. Sent them back and ate the remainder of meal and 2 bottles of wine. When the bill came we were being charged for the 2 steaks that were not eaten. I did not pay for them but the manager was the one who washed them and sent the steaks back out.  Everything else was lovely.Food was good, but nothing that stands out. The Z Pie was the best part of the meal. Service is slow, but not bad.Went here with my soon to be in-laws and had a great time.
Really old school atmosphere and pretty decent food.
We kind lounged for at least 3 hours from appetizers to desert and never felt rushed.
It wasn't the best steak I've had by far but everyone enjoyed themselves which was more important.Made a NYE reservation. Was seated 35 minutes late with no apology from host who was rude to everyone in the lobby. When we were finally seated, she merely pointed in the direction of an empty table and we weren't given menus for another 5 minutes. I can't even say we were ever greeted by our "server" who never even told us his name. He just dropped menus he's off and came back by 20 minutes later to take our order. And of course all three of the filets ordered at our 4 top were grossly overlooked and under seasoned. The ribeye that was ordered was pretty good. When I complained about the steak, no apology or attempt to make it right. And I had to demand it be removed from my check. Literally the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant much less a steak house.Went to CC Steak House this past Friday, and it was truly a wonderful experience!  It was our anniversary so we reserved one of the curtained booths.  We never actually closed the curtains, because it was so much fun to look out into the restaurant, but the booth definitely made the night special.
Our waiter, Thad, was so nice and helpful with our menu selections (Hadn't been there since pre-K so we needed a little advice).  We started off with the onion rings..yum...then split a salad, and I'm pretty sure they gave us a full salad each - the blue cheese vinaigrette was outstanding - (they sell it too if you want to go home with a bottle).  
Next on to the main course, my husband got the t-bone, and I got the bacon wrapped filet..it was delicious.  We also got the lyonaisse potatoes which were really good, but I was trying to save space for the steak.  We did have a room for a piece of dessert (it was, after all, our anniversary) and glad we did - the cheese cake was excellent.
Okay...I first clicked four stars, but I'm moving on up to five...It was a memorable evening - can't wait to go back!
PS  I had a little bit of filet and lyonaisse potatoes left - so we took home.  My husband made us one of the best omelets I've ever had!  So, if you have leftovers you know what to do :)Had a nice dinner with my best friend's parents. We all had a Rib-eye. I like mine rare. It was perfect. The Caesar dressing made from scratch was delicious too. The staff was very attentive at all times. Don't get me started on the bread pudding. Yum!!!!!!! Too bad there wasn't room for the Creole Creme Cheesecake. Hadn't been here in years. Didn't disappoint then. Didn't disappoint now. Thanks for the great food and service.Quite disappointing.  Was looking forward to a great steak dinner after enjoying wonderful New Orleans seafood for two days, but my steak dinner fell short at Crescent City.  Steaks were unfortunately lacking in flavor.  Even my ribeye.   Can't remember ever asking for steak sauce and I did here.  Porterhouse was also unusually tough despite med rare.  Sorry sorry to say cause the service and folks were spectacular.Best Steak in New Orleans.  At one point, it was ranked one of the best steaks in the United States by Playboy Magazine.  My family and I have been going there since I was born but If you don't like steaks, this place may not be for you.  The only things on the menu are steak and sides.
The old school atmosphere also gives the restaurant great character.Skip this Steak House, the great part was the very hot plate with the ribeye steak, smothered in butter. The steak was tasty and tender although mostly fat.  So for 26 bucks, you have half meat, the other half is bone and fat. The next issue we had was the tea glasses, very small and they charge about 2.50 a glass for tea.  I suppose this steak house is under poor management since paying for liquid profit and fatty steaks to keep the margins up.  I would pay for handsomely for a great meal, the Crescent City Steaks did not even make the cut to give it a second chance. 
If you are wishing to find a better place, try either Chophouse New Orleans or Desi Vega's Steakhouse. You will get more value for your hard earn dollar.This place is a blast! Steaks are great.... always cooked right but they always ask. The staff is exceptional. They make sure you are safe on S Broad. It's not inexpensive BUT it's worth it.. we have high end steak places with great name recognition BUT as a native, recently, I think it's the best in NOLAAlways enjoy the local flair of this old school New Orleans restaurant. 
Took my Mom as an alternative to Ruth's Chris because we couldn't get a reservation there. It was fantastic!
We had onion rings, great steaks & sides, dessert was wonderful, service was moderate (but they were crowded), & it was an overall good experience!
Well be back & will choose this as our first choice next time we want a good steak dinner.This establishment is  not a welcoming place. The customers they want we're clearly defined. We attended this palace for my mothers birthday. The manager seem ever so shocked to have 3 African American customers. We had the most awkward seating in the whole restaurant. We had the only black waiter where as our white counterparts had others. We were the only people of color eating here at the time. The manager constantly hovered over our table. My mother and sister ordered appetizers, however I did not. I was waiting until my entree had arrived to remove my napkin fine the table. The manager took my napkin and forced it in my lap as if I was unaware of proper table manners. when our food arrived at the table it was bland and disgustingly unseasoned. Frustrated with our service and meal we begin to pack up our food to leave. The manager rushed to the table and began cleaning it while we still there for the next guest. As a proud and educated black individual this is somewhere I see not only myself but my family never stepping foot in again.Before I called NOLA home, I was fascinated by its old school steakhouses. This is the city where Ruth's Chris started for crying out loud. I was determined to eat at these iconic places at some point. The price point was really what was throwing me off. Well with Mr. Steakman himself, my dad, in town I decided it was time to man up and test the water of one these establishments. After much internal debate, I chose Crescent City Steakhouse. I made a great choice. I adored this place. You can bet your sweet bippy I'll be back. 
I started with an old fashioned (of course). Perfect old school version; muddled orange, cherry, bitters, bourbon deliciousness. No fancy new take, just a by the book old fashioned. We started with onion rings. These were good, with large slices of onion and crispy breading. The table of three ordered the Porterhouse for 3, peas, au gratin, and lyonnaise potatoes. Everything was delicious; the steak was tender and a perfect medium and the au gratin were so warm and cheesy I wanted to swim in them. The food bill was reasonable $100; we all had full happy bellies and even a bone and a little steak to take home to the dog. 
The décor is nothing fancy but between the tile floors, the solid wood bar, and the curtained 'booths' you'll feel as if you've been transported back to the 1930's and a mob deal is going on behind one of those curtains. My mom kept commenting that she thought Eliot Ness might walk through the door. You'll pry this old fashioned from my cold dead hand, copper.this is old school, and very new orleans.  we sat in a private booth, and I felt transformed to another time.
ribeye.   YUM.  sizzling in butter, with au gratin potatoes, that were creamy and cheesy, almost over the top.    the caesar salad, the asparagus salad, and the berbant potatoes all made me very very happy.   
glass of wine, cup of joe, and a delightful dessert.
I split my entire meal with my mom, including the spinach saute.  it was perfect for us, and my boyfriend had plenty of leftovers for later.
I look forward to coming back to this new orleans institution.The Porterhouse for two was fantastic. Stuffed mushroom were cooked perfect 
We had sautéed spinach and potato au gratin were both fresh and full of flavor
It's defiantly and "New Orleans institution"Love the curtained dining, hate the service. The au gratin potatoes were sweet. I don't mean a little sweet. I mean like someone dumped an entire sack of sugar in them. The steak was about the same as Steak and Ale. I have no clue what the hype is. It was recommended to me as a "cheap version of Ruth's Chris". Not even close.I've driven by here often but had never been here. (I don't eat meat that often.)Truthfully, I didn't even know it was still open. We were invited to an early Saturday evening dinner here recently. We had made reservations, as their website recommends it. When we showed up we were seated immediately but I got the impression that if we had not had a reservation, we would not have been able to stay.
It's a very small place that has been around since 1934. It all looked nice, but did have an antiquated feel to it. We asked if we could sit at one of the private tables along the wall and they obliged us. (Yelpers below called them private booths, but they are actually small old tables behind the curtains. Booths would be more comfortable.) Sitting behind the closed curtains was a much more cozy experience. However, it does not block out the noise. We were at the end one and the wall behind us resembled a confessional. Kind of funny!
The menu is on the limited side. We figured we would order steak, being it's a steak place and that's what they are known for. My boyfriend and I ordered the Filets, which are served Bacon wrapped. Our friend ordered the Rib Eye. Everything on the menu is a la cart, which I'm not too fond of. I wanted a baked Potato and my boyfriend wanted a Sweet Potato, but they don't serve either. They do serve about 6 other types of Potatoes though. I got the Au Gratin and he got the French Fries. Our friend got the Caesar Salad. Our steaks were delicious. The best we have had in a long time. I definitely recommend that. I did not like the Au Gratin Potatoes though. The French Fries were good.
Overall, a nice experience.If you want to go to a REAL steakhouse then I highly suggest this place. The old school atmosphere along with the awesome sides will be nothing short of amazing. The steaks are always cooked to perfection and as tender as can be. Potato au gratin, creamed spinach, and creamed broccoli are a must.Everything about this place, except for the steaks, is great.  The sides are wonderful, the service is very good, and the atmosphere is a kind of legit cool you can't get in a glitzy restaurant for any price.  But the meat changed about 3 years ago, probably 2012, and it is noticeable.  Please CC Steaks - spend a little more dough on better meat - I don't care what kind of deal you're getting, because it's running off your clientele.  It just doesn't make sense.  In a town where people are dying for a reason to skip Ruth's, get off the tourist path - you need to do just that one thing better, even if you have to raise the price a little.  You could seriously do better if you shopped at Robert's and bought the choice, not even spring for the prime.  There's no way that whoever you're buying from is delivering a good product if you can look through these reviews and see the same thing over and over again.Not only does Crescent City Steak House have all of the old school charm and ambiance that you could ask for in a New Orleans restaurant they also have outstanding food.  Don't look for overly prepared steaks or sides, just simple and delicious.  The bread pudding was extraordinary.  Filled with locals, run by locals it is a gem that I look forward to eating at again very soon.8 of us went to dinner. Table was back against wall so, husbands had to get up to allow center 2 ladies to go to ladies room. Wish table washer up against wall so close. 
Ok so now the good news!!! Steaks were amazing
We ordered 2 filets, 2 sirloin strip, 1 t-bone, 3 rib-eye 
Mine, sirloin strip well done NO BUTTER, no chives(came out with chives) but I just scraped them off. It was fabulous even cooked well done it was like butter in my mouth
Their bread, I would go buy loaves of that OMG so good
Friends ordered the bread pudding with Brandy to take home to her mom who was watching their twin boys. Then they shared the Z Pie & loved it
Loved the good service we got from our water to our drinks to our food
Will go there again 
We live here & always went elsewhere, not anymoreWanted a good steak and got one here!!  The service was great. It says not kid friendly but we brought our 2-1/2 year old granddaughter and it was fine!!  She loved the shrimp cocktail!!  The wine list was not the greatest and my sautéed spinach was too salty to eat!!  That is why I gave it four stars!!  I may have given 3-1/2 if I could have because of that but my filet was cooked to perfection and was delicious!!  Onion rings were very good also!!!I usually have dinner every three months and every time it get better,one of the best Steak houses in the city where the locals go.Excellent!I used to travel about 70% of the time and as such have eaten at lots and lots of steak houses across the country. We had the filet and ribeye and they are the best I've ever had. As the other reviews mentioned, the sides are good but not great but the steak is just that good that I'm willing to overlook that fact.Nostalgic, great prices, great service and local! All the best things in a New Orleans restaurant.I read good reviews on Crescent City Steaks and decided to try it. My server was excellent but the quality of the ribeye and salad was only average. I enjoy a good steak but this did not measure up to its competitors.I love the old school vibe of this place, especially the private booths.  A nice bourbon selection to kick things off is followed good rings and other apps but this is a steakhouse and Crescent delivers with sizzling steaks delivered to the table.  I prefer the T-Bone but a ribeye never fails.  Some nice side dishes finish out the bill.  And speaking of bills, the price is more than fair.  One of my home town favorites.It was a mistake visiting this place. The customer service was sub par and the food was even worse. It took roughly 15 minutes after we were seated to get a menu and water. Our waiter was nice once he arrived but the service was not comparable to most nice steakhouses. We were starving by the time the waiter came so just asked for a recommendation for an appetizer. His suggestion: onion rings. The batter was bland. If you must go, don't order the onion rings. For dinner we had the porterhouse for 2, au gratin potatoes and sautéed spinach. We were not equipped with the right knives for this. We could barely cut through our medium rare Porterhouse. The steak was not tasty. It was the kind of steak that you NEED A1 for. The potatoes were bland; mostly cream, no salt. The spinach was ok but overloaded with seasoning. I guess that's where the seasoning for our steak and potatoes went. We got out of there quick....and don't plan on returning. 
Overall, this is a no-go.We went here for my husband's birthday dinner. The food was delicious, service was great and they sang happy birthday to him.  Love the old world charm and character. If you are looking for something off Bourbon Street this is the place to go. Give the steaks thumbs up.  Yum!!!A small family place, good food. Everyone minds his business.
When opened back in 1937, it took a long time to bake a potato.  
Cooks would have had to guess early in the day how many potatoes to bake.  So, instead of baked you get Au Gratin, French Fries, German Fries, Lyonnaise, Brabant, Cottage Fries, or Shoestring - 
all hand cut and prepared daily.
Cowboy (bone-in) ribeye, German fries with Caesar salad.
Recommended the Makers Mark Old Fashioned but the entire bar service is exceptional.OK..... so I don't know about you but I absolutely love a good steak. I mean when it's really cooked the right way!! There's so many ways to eat your steak. Medium well is my preference. OK so I'm getting off track. Anyway, my boyfriend and I decided to celebrate an early Valentine's Day dinner here. It was my first time going and I must say I really really enjoyed myself. It's a pretty small place. Very old from what I'm told. Lots of famous people have eaten there and  we got the VIP treatment. We got a small booth in the corner which really consists of a table with a wall surrounding you with a curtain to close if you want. Very secluded very romantic VERY SEXY!! Lol. We both ordered steaks.....obviously, potatoes au gratin and broccoli au gratin. The steaks were cooked to perfection! Flavor was on point! We even had to cook come out to thank him. The service was spot on! The bartender made our drinks perfectly! Yes this place may be a little pricey but it's definitely worth the dollars spent. If you're looking for a date night out this is your place. If you're looking for a great steak this is your place. Please do check them out!!!I enjoyed the Rib eye, cooked to perfection , the appetizers were delicious as well (stuffed mushrooms)Old established restaurant celebrating 80 years so they obviously do many things right. We had excellent service appropriately attentive and helpful. The atmosphere is casual and festive. We had reservations and were promptly seated. There were many people waiting on this Saturday without reservations. The porterhouse for 2 was excellent however the ribeye was definitely subpar for prime beef. The Caesar salad with beef tenders was an excellent value and very tasty. The sides of shoestring potatoes and onion rings were good, however the spinach au gratin was average. The bread pudding dessert was poor, and does not compare favorably with other restaurants. Overall a reasonable value for the quality.This is a New Orleans stalwart.  My father would take me here as a kid some 25 years ago, and besides a facelift and a new entrance, it's the same.  The booths with privacy curtains are great for date night, and if you're a fan of an Old Fashioned cocktail, definitely ask for one of those.  
As an aside, lunch here is likely to be a who's who of Nola politics.I was so excited to try Crescent City. I treated a friend to dinner to celebrate her graduation, and after talking with a few locals and reading reviews, I was ready for a local, old-school steakhouse. 
No reservations were needed for a mid-week visit. We walked in and were told pick any seat available. Our severs were fine; everyone was pleasant and prompt. Their wine list is decent; my Malbec was good, and you need something that bold to cut through the richness of the butter. 
We ordered:
T-Bone - Rare
Ribeye - Well Done
Spinach Au Gratin - shared
I noticed the table next to us and they all ordered the Filet wrapped in bacon. God, they looked great. The woman closest to me cut into her steak, and it was the perfect shade of red. Then ours came.
My steak, which looked suspiciously like a thin cut I could have purchased at Rouse's on sale, was far from rare; it was medium, and not even brown. My friend's well-done looked more like dead. I couldn't tell the difference from the charred outside or inside. The spinach au gratin was OK, definitely house-made, but using frozen spinach detracted from the cheese sauce.
I wish I could say it was an off night, but considering I could spend the same amount of money at Morton's or Ruth Chris' , it's too expensive to take another chance.I used to give this place 5 stars but the last few times I've been, the steaks and service have not been worth the hefty price we end up paying. We always get the big porterhouse and share it. I remember the first time I went, the steak was melt in your mouth tender and dripping with the signature butter. 
Last night, went there for an anniversary dinner and the steak was pretty dry, parts of it were overcooked and we didn't really receive the attention from our waitress that one should get when shelling out that kind of bill. I had to put dalton both my steak and au gratin potatoes. 
Anyways, it's been pretty consistent the last few times I've gone. Not sure if they've got a new cook and/or meat supplier, but won't be back here for awhile. After reading some of the more realistic reviews, it seems I'm not the only one with similar experience. 
As for the atmosphere, it is quaint and very old school New Orleans. We do enjoy getting one of the private booths and closing the curtains to drown out the other diners. If not, the restaurant gets really noisy if they're busy. 
Really disappointed in the changes. This used to be our go-to for special occasions. Might as well save the money and get the same quality of steak at Texas Roadhouse...Crescent City Steak House is a Broad Street establishment owned by the same family for decades.  The ambiance is totally Mad Men and you have the sense the other patrons have been coming here for years.  The bar was fully stocked and made a great Manhattan.  Next time I go I'd probably dress up a little more - not because it's required but because it's part of the fun of the place to return to an era when people dressed for dinner.
I ordered the filet rare.  It is "bacon wrapped" and perfectly seasoned served on a sizzling plate.  I ordered rare because I like my meat red and find it increasingly difficult to get restaurants to serve it that way.  I should have known better here.  They say on the menu that rare comes out with a "cool center" and it does.  In the future I'll order medium rare since I do like the meat warm and now I can trust that they really will cook it like they say.    The meat was an excellent cut, tender and flavorful.  For sides we had the german potatoes and spinach au gratin, both were good but not extraordinary - this place really is all about the steak.  In addition we ordered the Bordelaise Sauce, which I used on everything as it was delicious!  I ended the night with the bread pudding which is served with a scoop of cream cheese icing on top. The bread pudding was good - as to be expected from a true New Orleans establishment.
The service was great - very friendly and still family run with the Owner's son stopping by our table to say hello.  Overall a great experience and a delicious steak!We've been to CCS twice now. Both times we have had the pleasure of seeing the mother of the family. She is Croatian and is a lovely women at 82 years young!  She comes in and makes the salads and desserts. Anthony is the owner and spends plenty of time getting things done. Their steaks are very good quality, I'm assuming prime. I personally think they could use a bit more seasoning. The sides are usually tasty but not a huge portion. The 4 stars is weighted towards the Matriarch, obviously. Steak and food I'd say 3.5 stars. They have a moderate wine selection that isn't overpriced.My boyfriend and I came here for our Christmas celebration date and had an amazing time. We sat in one of those little booths, which was cute and intimate and both had (you guessed it) delicious steaks for dinner! We also split an order of broccoli au gratin and potatoes lyonnaisse, which were fresh and cooked to perfection. For dessert, we had Z pie which was the perfect end to our perfect evening. Highly recommend CCS!It had been way too long since I dined at CCS. But as usual everything was perfect !   I started out with the stuffed mushroom appetizer which was incredibly elevated in flavor. Next a small house salad and then, the star of the show, a bacon wrapped filet mignon. I ordered Mine Chicago Blue with a medium rare cook. The outside was perfectly charred and the center had that perfect medium rare warm juiciness You crave. I was also pleasantly surprised by how decadent something as simple as potatoes au gratin can be taken to, and at CCS They are a must-have side dish. You couple that with friendly attentive service and a price tag that wont break the budget and You get the est of everything. Definitely get a steak here when You're in town !!We frequent here and always have the same waiter, same great service, and always have great steaks. For us it's a no brainer as we are supporting great local business and getting great food in return.This is an old school New Orleans Steak House. Aged USDA Prime Beef. I'm picky about my meat and this steak was on the better side. It was a bit over cooked so order on the rare side. I got the Filet. We started with the onion rings and they were exceptionally good. Then a house salad with a Blue Cheese dressing. It was a Blue Cheese vinaigrette. Not a traditional blue cheese dressing but it was delicious and the salad was fresh and crisp. We had a side of Sautéed Asparagus with our steaks and they were cooked perfectly and very tasty. Service was spot on. Even with a restaurant full of customers. The water glasses were kept full as well as our ice tea. We were offered coffee or desert but we declined because we were full from the meal and at less then $100 including tip for 2 people the price was right for this quality of dinning. Also there are private booths available for those romantic occasions. Just ask ahead of time.The atmosphere here is excellent as proven by other reviewers but the food and service I have found to be unreliable and it pains me to give a low rating on a place that I have true love for.  I just wish the experience was more consistent especially for the price!Like Mr. Chad below me, I had passed by Crescent City Steaks a million times. It wasn't until I heard Tom Fitzmorris talking about it on his radio show that I paid it any mind. According to him this is one of only three places in the city that serve grade A prime dry aged beef, the others being Emerli's Delmonico, and I think Domenica? From the stories I've heard Crescent City Steaks was once one of a few steak houses in that area, patronized by hungry gamblers going to and coming from the racetrack. I have even heard stories that Ruth's Chris got it's recipes and start from this place.
Anyway since I heard all that info over the past year or two I had been hyping this place up in my head. Imagining a utopia of steak, cut and served by beautiful seductive siren's manipulating all with huge slabs of well cooked rich flavored beef. And guess what? This all came true! Ok, not all of it, while certainly the staff is very attractive they are not steak sirens. 
Our table got a porter house for 4 along with some sides. I've never ordered such a large piece of meat before, I had no idea what to expect. I've also been disappointed so many times after I've hyped a restaurant up. The steak was absolutely cooked perfectly, like, I've never tasted a better steak ever in my entire life. In fact it was so good it has really changed my opinion of steak. Apparently they cook there steaks in like butter or something, on top of that it is dry aged meat which adds a really deep flavor to it. Like the steak was so tender and hot, I just wanted to shove the entire porterhouse for 4 in my mouth and stab anyone who wanted to take it away from me. As far as steak goes, you won't be disappointed, I've eaten many cuts of meat in my day, I'll say it again and again, this is the best steak I've ever eaten.
We also got a few sides, none particularly memorable, but they weren't bad. They also have a Hurricane here with actual fruit juice! None of that pat o's powdered/syrup mix crap. The wine and drink list is also very extensive.
The interior of the place is great, like clearly hasn't been renovated or changed much since it's opening in 1934, and if it was it was probably like 1944. Floors are tiled, it's got those metal tile things on the ceiling, and closed boths you can eat in! I've heard the closed curtain both thing used to be common among high end resturants back in the day. I suppose people now want everyone to see them wolf down some meat, I encourage you to hide that behavior in one of the booth areas. It's cool, and you'll probably never eat at another restaurant like it anymore. 
Service was perfectly fine, efficient, friendly, quick. 
Anyway only downside is, this place is expensive, but luckily it was my birthday, so I didn't have to pay. But unfortunately that cost will probably prevent someone like me from ever eating there again.Food is ok both steaks were undercooked and didn't like the fact that the drinks when ordered at the bar (while waiting for a table) are more expensive than when you are at your table and without notice.I wish I could report good things about Crescent City Steak "A New Orleans Tradition" but, there is nothing nice to say. Apparently just because a steak cost 45.00 dosent mean its any good.  Even the salad was pretty bad.  You just cant charge that much for such poor quality and then expect much as far as return customers go.  The least expensive steak on the menu is 30.00 and it's basically homeless shelter quality grub.
The low-end $10 steak from Outback blows anything they have away.  Its worth the drive and the wait to go elsewhere.
Oh well, chalk that up to trying new places...moving on.This is an old school steak house.  The steaks are cook to perfection.  The steaks are served on a sizzling hot plate with the butter dripping off the sides. The sides were ok but the star was the steak.
The liquor menu had everything you could want from Dom Perignon to a single malt scotch. I had very nice cocktail. I had a homemade cheesecake that was excellent.I was really looking forward to a unique steak experience after reading reviews. Didn't happen. Don't get me wrong, the steak was not "bad" .. But I've grilled steak as good or better... But not for what was brought to my table ... And what was charged. The service was great, the wait staff good, but food was definitely average. 
 I'm not recommending this if you are looking for that steak that makes your eye's roll ... This isn't where you want to go. Ruth Chris, Houston's, Morton's does a MUCH better job. Spend your money else where...My favorite steakhouse in the city. It's an old New Orleans classic - the owners family came over from Croatia and opened this place up and it's been there ever since. It's not a trendy, hip steakhouse. It's even better. Real New Orleans style.  
So start off with the mushrooms - they're delicious. Stuffed with crab (shrimp maybe) they're giant and fried and yummy. The onion rings are delicious too. 
The steaks are GIANT. Like as long as you don't get the filet, you can probably split. 
And definitely get sides - the spinach au gratin, the German potatoes, and the sautéed mushrooms are my faves. 
They usually have stuff OTHER than steaks too - lobster, lots of fish, sometimes chicken. So go. Now. The cheesecake and the Z pie are both to die for.Slowly but surely I am working my way through New Orleans steakhouses. Tonight CC steakhouse was the next in line. 
In terms of hierarchy the actual steak is here is probably a little below that of some of the city's other offerings. We had began the evening with the stuffed mushrooms and onion rings. They were okay but lacked seasoning and really kind of fell flat. However I go to a steak house for the wait for it.....steak. our porter house was cooked as ordered at medium rare. There was a beautiful crust on the steak and the seasoning was even throughout the steak. The brabant  potatoes and cottage potatoes again lacked seasoning but were fried well and not greasy in the slightest.
We finished our meal with a Z pie (cookie and ice cream concoction) that was certainly enjoyable.
The wait staff was very attentive and had a fun attitude. I wish however the dixie cup sized water glasses could be improved.
The biggest draw is the ambiance, this is old world new orleans. Our booth (curtains and all) was decorated with receipts from the 1940's on the wall. The tile floor and ceiling look original to the building and represent a bygone era that I wish would return. The CC steakhouse is a family style steakhouse that some what reminded me of Peter Lugar's in Brooklyn.
The atmosphere is best suited for a romantic evening or family get together but not a trendy steakhouse  ala the tchophouse.
Thanks CC steakhouse for your authenticity.We've eaten a lot of steak then the years and this steak didn't disappoint. It was hot on the outside and cool on the inside. True perfection.  The side dishes were well executed.  We had the spinach au gratin and the Lyonaise potatoes.  The bread was tender on the inside and crusty.  Michael was attentive and friendly and served everything perfectly. I highly recommend this restaurant!!Dry-aged ribeye cooked perfectly at medium rare.  The asparagus was fine, but the steak and the french bread definitely stole the show.  I make it a point to come here every time I return home.Service with Mike was excellent.
Food came out hot and was delicious. Please make sure you ask for the bread pudding...it was to-die-for!!! I'm already back home and still thinking about it.This is an OK steakhouse with an authentic, old school vibe and history but ultimately the steaks on an initial visit weren't very good and Steak is in the name!  Mine was under-cooked (served very rare despite ordering medium rare) and my wife's was over-cooked (served medium-well to well despite being ordered medium).  And on top of that, neither appeared to have been salted and were utterly bland before we added salt at the table.  For a filet, both were also somewhat tough which is not remotely what you're looking for, I'm not sure if it was top quality meat but certainly the bad cooking doesn't help anything. Interestingly the side of Lyonnaise potatoes was also under-seasoned from the kitchen.
I'm not a big fan of serving steaks on a plate swimming in melted butter but apparently that's a signature here - I guess I can live with that.  But other than my lobster (I decided to splurge for surf & turf) which was great nothing else stood out in this meal.  The bread was fine, and quite good when dipped in the melted butter on my plate and the Creole cream cheesecake for dessert was definitely good, but not the best I've had in town.  The wine list was okay and had a good number of options by the glass but was heavy on the larger production brands and didn't have too much exciting for a wine enthusiast unless you're into big cabs without much complexity.
Ultimately, the prices aren't terrible for a steakhouse and the atmosphere & people are the epitome of old school New Orleans so I'm willing to give it another shot but as far as I'm concerned a steakhouse that can't even cook two steaks remotely close to correct (when it isn't even busy!) and doesn't understand the concept of seasoning their food has a problem.  I don't go out for steak often, because I can make a great steak at home and in all honesty, I could have made better steak at home than what I had at Crescent City Steaks so I hope this was somehow an anomaly rather than a NOLA institution resting on its laurels and slowly going downhill (like we've seen with a few others which will remain unnamed).  Apparently a lot of people like this place though and suggest their steaks are excellent - but I also notice there appear to be a number of "regulars" here so maybe that causes people to rate this higher than it deserves...As a Vegan Goat can't eat the fantastic smelling meat here and it makes Goat so damn unhappy!  All of my other dining party were ecstatic about their steaks.  They have multiple types of potatoes here so Goat was very excited until he learned most of the potatoes here are non-Vegan and all have some type of butter or cheese on them so Goat had to be satisfied with plain French fries.  Goat was also excited about the vegetable soup until he found out there is meat in it.  Goat then wanted a Caesar salad but the dressing has anchovies in it and they said Goat had to get a house salad if he wanted to leave off the fish.  So Goat was able to eat onion rings, French fries, and a house salad but damn that steak smelled good to Goat so he ate some more bread and looked very angry at others enjoying their moist, juicy, and flavorful looking meat.  Later for dessert Goat was able to get some broccoli without any dairy cheese or butter on it and that made things a little better.  Damn Goat doesn't like this Vegan thing sometimes on nights like these.I was in town on business and was excited to try a local steakhouse. I was very disappointed. The food was just ok and the service was not good. No refill on water or soda, never checked to see if everything was ok. Basically just left alone.  Oh but wasn't he friendly when he finally brought the check!! Won't be going back.My sons and I like to get together at least one a year, just to catch up. We've all been to other steakhouses over the years. My personal favorite is Crescent City. Nothing over the top. Just flat out great steaks without the fancy. Wonderful staff, quick and attentive service. When it comes to customer service, these folks really get it.Nickel and diming-
Had dinner at Crescent City Steak House spent a little over $300 and noticed they charged me for honey for the tea I ordered. It was such a small amount ($0.50), but I was surprised they would charge for that and the server never told me there would be an extra charge for the honey. If you're going to charge for honey, charge for steak sauce, hot sauce or extra butter for the bread. Usually restaurants will work in the cost of small items into the actual cost of food & beverage items.
Please stop nickel and diming your customers, it's tacky!!My son has become something of a mascot here, a nine year old who takes his steak very seriously and knows how to order. We are here often with a standard order of the double filet we split, the Marchand de vin sauce with mushrooms, skinny French fries, French bread and spinach au gratin. I love their spinach au gratin!!!! I could just eat that and leave the steak. Our waitress, Nancy, is always wonderful and takes such good care of us, remembering what we like and offering suggestions. Coming here is like stopping by a dear friends house who cooks amazing steaks and always has a glass of wine for you.With this place you get what you pay for I guess. The salad dressing was super watery. We ordered extra and both only got half a serving extra like one of the tins were split for us. Also did not get fresh cracked pepper. I had to use table pepper. Ended up opting to take it home and add my thicker dressing at home. 
The steak had no flavor what so ever and was not that high in quality. Mine was a tad more cooked than the medium I'd ordered. 
The asparagus was so flimsy and ill prepared. The server did make sure we had our beverages filled and I could tell it's a family establishment.Best steak you can get, a little slice of southern France or northern Italy in New Orleans 5 *Last night we finally made it to CCS.  I had heard that their steaks were some of the best, if not the best.  We made reservations online last week for 5:30.  We were met at the door by Kelly.  She was very nice and warmly welcomed us.  We were immediately taken to a booth.  We had requested this when we made our reservations.  it was quite small and I'm not sure how 4 people would fit comfortably.  In any case the 2 of us fit fine.  Our server Monet, took our drink orders and brought them back quickly.  By the time she got back, I had decided I wanted a Cosmopolitan and my wine with dinner.  She offered to keep my wine chilled and soon delivered my cosmo. We both ordered the Fillet Mignon.  Our wonderful server, Monet, suggested that we order our steaks medium rare +1 (that way if it wasn't done enough they could cook it some more).  My steak was too rare so she graciously took it back to have it cooked some more.  When it came back it was the way I liked it.  Next time, and there will be a next time, I will order my steak medium to see if that works for me.  We also ordered the Lyonnaise potatoes and broccoli.  For dessert, we ordered the Z Pie.  I was a little sorry I didn't order my own.  It was very yummy!!!  Now a bit about Monet.  She was attentive without being over bearing.  She came back to check on us and there was no wondering where she was.  She was friendly, outgoing and a pleasure to talk to.  So overall, the entire dining experience  was wonderful and I give it a 10!!!Its our first time here, our steak was beyond undercooked. We asked for a medium well steak and the steak was still moving when we got it, we sent it back TWO times. When we asked to speak to the manager she said "What do you want me to do about it". Beyond rude manager and cant believe the way she spoke to us.This was my first time here. i ordered the porterhouse for two spinach au gratin, mushrooms and a couple of cocktails. We had reservations and sat in one of those quaint booths. the steak was superb, melt in your mouth good.. the sides were also excellent. I would definitely recommend it and plan on going again.In the past, Crescent City Steak house was the place to be. The meal I consumed was mediocre. I have to admit I expected a bit more from this place of nostalgia. It gave me comfort as I walked in, but the food could have been better. Not my first time here, but I wanted to give it a try another try. I wasn't a total disappointment, but I have to say it was just a regular steak. Nothing spectacular at all. The only great thing that we enjoyed were prices. Not your "average" steak house prices.  The bill was much less than expected.This place was amazing. I came here for a birthday reservation and the woman who answered the phone was very pleasant. She asked if I was making a reservation for a special occasion, and made a note to add a candle to our dessert. The server didn't get the memo about the candle but that didn't matter after such a good meal. The place was packed when we arrived, and we watched the hostesses turn away a couple who came without a reservation. I highly recommend making a reservation, especially on weekends. There are nice booths with a privacy curtain that I requested upon reservation. The place is pretty loud when it's full so the curtain was a nice touch. 
We ordered the porterhouse for two, and it was cooked to perfection. I usually have to order my steaks rare so that they they arrive medium rare, but I took a leap of faith with this spot. They did not disappoint. The steak was tender and super juicy. The sides were pretty good, but I had read in a yelp review that they weren't amazing, so we ordered conservatively and split the sides. We had the potato Au gratin, spinach Au gratin, Caesar and the creole cream cheese cake for dessert. Good call on the  menu selection, because that was the perfect amount of food to satisfy two people. I really enjoyed coming here. The steaks are pricy but worth the price. The sides are very reasonably priced, so it makes for a moderately priced fancy dinner.This place was very average! The service was excellent and the pricing is not bad. I order a rib eye and it tasted as if the chef took out of the package and cook without any seasoning on it. And the same with the vegetables no seasoning, no taste and it was a low grade of steak. 
Save the extra dollars and go to Longhorns or Saltgrass. Better quality, better pricing and better taste.I've been coming here since I was a small child. 
What a wonderful birthday dinner. I had an amazing time! 
I just had my own private room booked with 15 of my closest friends! I suggest that if you book a room, it's in advance. 
We were greeted at the door immediately. The hostess was so friendly and knowledgeable. She was a pleasure to deal with. 
We had stuffed mushrooms and onion rings for appetizers. Both were very tasty! 
The cocktail drink menu was perfect. I thoroughly enjoyed my drink choice. (See picture)
The wine list is simply amazing. Lots to choose from. 
My ribeye was cooked perfectly. It was seasoned well. 
Give this old school place a try. Highly recommend.I almost don't want to review this restaurant out of fear that it will be overrun by annoying tourists, yet I must give credit where it is due. This is where Ruth Fertel (of Ruth's Chris) learned the trade, and like Ruth's they serve perfectly cooked-to-order cuts on a sizzling platter popping in clarified butter. My only criticism is they usually don't get as much of a sear on the exterior of the steak as some other steakhouses, so the texture is somewhat the same throughout. However, they charge roughly $8-10 less per steak than other places and offer a truly classic, historic ambience, complete with Prohibition Era booths with privacy curtains. The staff are all true locals with family ties to the place, which points to solid management. This remains one of my favorite steakhouses in the city.Vintage! That's the first word that comes to mind. However, that doesn't go into why I gave them 3*. The food was okay at best. They offer some large cuts of steaks but they missed the mark with the flavor. I've sampled multiple meats here and they look mouth watering but it's clear they lack in taste. The steaks come out sizzling and popping. That's not appealing to me because that mean it's super greasy and it's popping on other customers (Me). My advice would be to drain the oils/grease prior to bring it out to the consumer. The wait time on your food will be long...enough said. The parking is insane. There's an overflow parking lot in the neighbors backyard! Driving through a jungle is not my cup of tea. The service not bad, however, they do take a while to check on you and the eating area is small on the inside. Will I be back? 5-8% chance. This is a no go for me. I'm not saying don't try it, I'm only giving my two scents.I was so excited to try this place for date night. We decided to get the booth which was private. I actually like the romantic feel but at the same time I felt like I was in a confessional which was kinda creepy. The service wasn't exactly bad but it wasn't too great.They were friendly when they did finally show up! It was very slow. I ordered the Rib-eye steak and my boyfriend ordered the filet. When I tell you my steak was nothing but fat and gristle. I was really pissed off because I could find a better steak from Walmart for 1/4 the price of that steak. The sides were so sad! I had potato au gratin and my bf had spinach au gratin. It was like eating watered down cheese and potatoes. How can you go wrong with that? The spinach was watery as well. Chile I cannot!!! I am just not used to sides being unseasoned and flavorless. Especially for those prices!! I will never eat there again even if they were giving out free food!!!The food was delicious. The service was upsetting.  We went for my birthday, there were 6 of us and we are all in our late 30s.  The looks and stares we received from the staff was very unsettling.  It was extremely uncomfortable, for them just waiting for us to act wild or leave.  We asked to split the bill 3 ways and they refused. They said they could take 5 forms of payment but we would have to figure it out for ourselves. Not the way I wanted to spend my birthday evening.  Thank goodness we are from out-of town but given the option would definitely not return.Just horrendous. Ordered a porterhouse medium rare. Came out well done. Replacement came without being rested. I swear meat was purchased from Winn Dixie. Never will see me again. They should be ashamed of themselves.This is an old-school long traditional steakhouse in New Orleans. The staff is super welcoming and very attentive without being annoying. I ordered the ribeye and it came out sizzling with the butter and the shoestrings fries. (See pictures). The ribeye was cooked the way I asked and very tasty.  The shoestring fries were a bit undercooked but I'm sure they would have refried them had I asked. By the way, the steak is so big I can only eat half of it so I took most of the fries back home because I can re-fry them.  Lol.  They also came out with very warm freshly baked bread along with soft butter. My waitress Nancy was great. I chose to sit in one of their booths.  I would highly recommend if you're wanting to be with someone special and have intimate conversations, then I would recommend you ask for a booth. It's very enclosed with a curtain that can be shut if need be. They also have a lot of memorabilia that shows how long they've been in business. (See pictures). So I'm recommending this place is a very reasonably price steakhouse for some really good food.Went here for our Valentines Day dinner, a classic New Orleans steakhouse that always seems to be on the short list of best steak houses in the city.  Was sat immediately which was very nice as we had a reservation on a very busy night, was also served water right away.  We waited for quite some time for our server to come by, which is understandable on a very busy night. We ordered a bottle of wine and was pleased with the variety on the wine list.  I ordered the 2012 Semi Alexander Valley Cabernet. While pleased with the wine, it was a 2013 and the server did not note the difference.  We started with the onion rings as they always seem like the best of the "others" needless to say they were very disappointing,  a thick beer batter of sorts covered the onion and there was little to absolutely no seasoning anywhere to be found, very very bland indeed. Next came our salads, I ordered a classic caesar salad while my boyfriend ordered the house with the blue cheese vinaigrette.  My caesar had little flavor while the lettuce was warm and slightly wilty.  The blue cheese vinaigrette while sounding tasty was simply oil and vinegar in a soupy mess on the bottom of the plate with blue cheese crumbles thrown on top.  So far not a fabulous experience, hoped the steak would be as good as we thought it would be.  I ordered the bacon wrapped filet, rare, and my boyfriend ordered the NY Strip, med rare.  The meat was juicy and cooked perfectly, however, it was extremely under seasoned.  A little salt and pepper would have gone a long way.  For sides we ordered the shoe string potatoes and spinach au gratin.  Again a lack of seasoning seemed to be the main attraction.  Fries were slightly over done and completely dry of all seasoning, spinach au gratin looked great coming out to other tables bubbly and melted cheese on top.  However, ours had no meltly cheese and badly needed a pinch of salt.  
Overall, if you are looking for a well seasoned meal that you wont have to add anything to.  this is not the place to go.  While the quality of the meat was quite nice, it was lacking overall flavor.  With so many other great steakhouses in the area, we will not be back.We were so excited to come here the greeting was wonderful we ordered dinner and then after that crickets... the bearnaise  sauce was rancidThe Caesar with steak tenders was amazing!! And the service was great! A definite repeat customer when I'm in the area!!! Thank you!Took my wife here for Valentine's Day. As soon as we arrived we were greeted by the hostess and although I placed a reservation 2 weeks prior, we were seated upstairs on the second floor? I noticed that the dining room on the main floor was sparsely occupied. We were escorted to a small cramped elevator which led to a small winding hall way into a very unflattering dingy small dining room with no windows and a cheap tawdry decor.
Immediately I noticed that the 80% majority of the people sent up to the 2nd floor were 85% Black. The only other people that weren't were with a black person. Being my wife and I are a mixed Marriage I was acutely aware something was not right. My wife told me I was imagining it. Trust me by the time we were done she was ready to go to the manager to protest their prejudicial treatment. First thing I noticed is that a supposed fine dining restaurant was playing 70's soul music. "Upstairs only" downstairs was piped classical sonatas. My wife thought I was being over sensitive until couple after couple and parties of 6 or more were all shuffled upstairs all black people. By the time we were done eating the room was full of nothing but black patrons. I even went down to my car to get my wife's surprise Valentine's day present and saw an older Black couple just at the hostess stand. On my way into the parking lot I noticed an older white couple were just parking. We'll guess what happened next i retrieved my gift and on the way to my table I again passed the Hostess stand were the White couple that just pulled up was lead directly into the dining room the main dining room where there were still sparely occupied tables and you know it the older black couple who came in 5 minutes before them were sitting right next to my table upstairs on the second floor. Further while passing the hostess Stand to the elevator the hostess told me that someone had just gone up and if I wanted to take the back stairs? Excuse me - No I'll wait for the elevator to return - Thank You, "really the server stairs"
Now don't get me wrong the servers were very nice and attentive and offered good service. So I left our server a generous tip. 
"Okay the Food" not being biased the food was subpar at best nothing was seasoned and the steaks were very tough. My wife had the ribeye and I had the extra cut rib eye, with Lyonnais Potatoes and she had the Brabant potatoes. Nothing had flavor and we noticed that all the potatoes were the same type of preparation. I was hard pressed to find any onion or parsley or any other seasoning in these bland potatoes, she also had the au gratin broccoli the cream sauce was as well dull bland and tasteless. I would have rather gone to Outback seriously the Food tastes much better and at a cheaper price point.
I'm not going to tell you about upon our leaving I asked the security guard why all the black people were headed upstairs to the auxiliary dining room, him being black himself - he said that he couldn't comment on it but that the managers had certain policies since the restaurant was opened in the 30's that haven't been changed.........................
Will never go back and I'm writing a non-appreciation to the management of Crescent City Steaks of my dissatisfaction of how I and my wife were treated or mistreated.Love this steak house!!  Nancy is the best server and we enjoy her smile. The steaks are unreal and the bar is the best.   A great local place to visit often.I cannot say enough about this restaurant!  Skip that pricey steak house & enjoy a real New Orleans steak house experience!  The staff is so wonderful, the food is consistently incredible, & you can even eat in a booth with curtains for privacy. A medium rare steak, mushrooms, & their salad are my go to dishes. Oh, the garlic bread is to die for!This is an old school steakhouse that still knows how to do it right. The filets and rib eyes were perfectly cooked and delicious. Service was great. We didn't have any covid concerns because they were very professional.Food and service well below par. Spend your money else where. You will not be appreciated as a customer here. The manager/host (older female with glasses) is one of the rudest individuals I've ever met in my life.I hadn't been here in awhile so was looking forward to visiting again. I came with my best friend and his dad, a perfect place to hang with the boys. 
We ordered old fashioneds and then of course steaks along with sides of onion rings, spinach au gratin, German fried potatoes, and mushrooms. It was actually the best food this kitchen has ever put out in my many  experiences here which go back about 15 years.
 The onion rings were some of the best I have had, and I am a freak for rings. The filet I ordered was a beautiful piece of meat, cooked perfectly to my medium rare order. The spinach was great as were the German fries which are potatoes that are sliced, par boiled, then deep fried. Not exactly twice fried but still very good. And not to forget the old fashioned, it was a great version with very little bitters and not too sweet. A very smooth drink. 
And of course the space is still timeless and elegant, a authentic look at old New Orleans. Great service too.Very loud.  Bring a megaphone to have a conversation.   Our server was was very attentive but other staff was quite rude and curt.   The food was good but because of the rudeness, I won't be back.Horrible Service!!! I ordered surf and medium well turf and my filet came out medium. The guy server didn't come back to my table until 10 minutes later. Save your money! This place is outdated and has horrible customer service. I must add that the waiter was going above and beyond to service his Caucasian customers!!Best steak I've ever had, and that's consistent since the late 90s.  Spinach au gratin and German fries are delicious.  
Great, old New Orleans restaurant.  If you have a small party get a booth and bring a deck of cards.
The increased security over the years is very nice considering it's in a rough neighborhood.Really wanted to love it as it is a New Orleans institution but truth be told my steak wasn't the greatest, not even close.  
The place itself is charming and cozy.  It's not really an old school steak place but rather an older chill steak place, if you know the difference.  No wood paneling and muted lights and all that.  They do have some private booths.  But overall its just a chill unpretentious place to get steak.  
I think I liked the setting more than the food.  Overall I was underwhelmed with everything.  We got onion rings (batter was too think), salads (they were fine), a potato side (it lacked flavor) and I got a NY strip.  I think they forgot to hit it with the broiler or something because the steak lacked char or any color.  The steak was also sinewy, which makes me think it wasn't the best grade of beef.  The overall the price was about 15-20 percent less than a classic steak place so that offset some of the disappointment. Overall I probably won't go back but also wouldn't say no if someone wanted to go.Great food, great friends.  We celebrated my neighbor's birthday here.  We had the back room with our own private bathroom.  I highly recommend it if you go in with a group.Terrible. The steaks were bland, unseasoned and terrible cuts of meat (2 steaks being extra cuts too) the "sauteed mushrooms" were uncooked and served in a cup of buttery water. The spinach au gratin was topped with american cheese and the potatoes au gratin tasted like it waa from a box. The vegetable beef soup was sour. There was not a saving grace from this $200 meal. Worse part was server asked if we were happy and when I said not really he never asked me why. Then cleared our table of barely touched food never asking if the meal was to our liking. Would not recommend!This was our first time at this Steakhouse.  The selection was quite nice.  They did have a special menu that had lobster & fish also.  We both ordered the T-Bone steak, Au Gratin potatoes and a salad.  We shared the potatoes.  The steak was Amazing....it was yummy goodness!!  The potatoes were okay.....next time I would order fries and place them under steak in juice.  This place is well worth the visit.  We will be back!!!I am a fan of this restaurant. I have eaten at it many times.  The service was off, really slow.  My steak was overcooked.  The taste of the food was good but not great last night.Had not been there in years... Took 2 business associates there for lunch recently... This place has certainly gone down in the last few years... It is overpriced, the food is adequate but not exceptional, service was average to slow, food product was not flavorful at all... $49 for a small cowboy cut was a rip off ... sides were flavorless ... it was an embarrassment .... It is a sad state of affairs .... and this restaurant is destined for failure shortly... what was once a nice place has turned pitiful... what a shame..I love Crescent City Steak House and if I'm going to spend royally on steak, I'm going to the best!I can't count the number of times I've driven by Crescent City Steakhouse without stopping in for a hunk of meat.  That streak ended last night.  A group of 4 of us went for a meat-loving friend's birthday.
We called ahead to make reservations, but on a Wednesday night at 7:30, they were unnecessary.
The interior is somewhere between old-school steakhouse (fancy) and business casual power-lunch spot.  Charming, but not stuffy.  Little hexagonal tiles cover the floor and go halfway up the walls. There are booths along one wall and 2-4 seat tables set up across the floor.  We had heard there were booths you could close the curtain on and have a private dining experience, so we excitedly sat down in one of those.  Turns out the booth isn't really a booth - its like a miniature room created out of oak partitions. Inside, its just another table and chairs, not an upholstered bench like I was expecting. Its actually a but of a squeeze to seat 4 in there, but we stuck it out for novelty's sake.
We wanted a giant slab of meat, so we asked if the Porterhouse for 3 would serve four. The waitress let us know that they actually have porterhouse off the menu for up to 5! So we went with Porterhouse for 4. She also let us know that cows don't grow big enough to provide a Porterhouse that large, so its actually one Porterhouse surrounded by additional strip steaks and fillets (the component meats of the Porterhouse).  Crescent City Steakhouse is one of 3 restaurants in the city that dry age their own beef (says Tom Fitzmorris), so I was more than eager to try our giant steak.
My friends enjoyed the onion rings while I ate my side salad with the house French dressing, something they sell in bottles. It was decent, but nothing profound.
Then came the Porterhouse.  It was a massive platter of meat covered in pan drippings, butter, and more butter.  The waitress pointed out the filets from the strips and we dug in.  The steak was perfectly cooked - the textbook definition of Medium, even throughout every piece. That alone was impressive on such a large piece of meat.  The texture was great, not grainy at all.  And the flavor... Practically indescribable.  There was great debate at our table over which was better - the filet or the strip. I generally favor strip, but the filet really won me over at Crescent City.
The only side I had was the spinach au gratin, which was acceptable, but not standout. The rest had potatoes lyonnaise, which they devoured. Must have been good.  Note that the sides come in side dishes and should be shared, but order one side per person to have enough to go around.
Everybody seems to be talking about the service, so here's my take:  The service provided by our waitress was completely acceptable. Our appetizers, salads, and entrees were well-spaced. She explained things from the menu clearly and from memory. She was prompt on refilling our drinks. And she was generally cheery. While it is true that their waitstaff seemed to lack the high-end polish that you might find at Delmonico, there was nothing lacking about her skills or demeanor.
If I'm ever feeling wealthy and craving a giant slab of melt-in-your-mouth beef, this would be a top choice for coming back.  
And since the restaurant website doesn't list prices, here's a sampling from what I remember:
Ribeye - $23
Porterhouse for two - $59
Porterhouse for three - $79
Off the menu porterhouse for four - $119 (our pick)
Veg/Potatoes - $5
Side salad - $4.50
Onion rings - $5
Wine by the glass - $7-15I'd give them 2.5 stars, so I rounded up to 3 to be nice. It was what I expected, described as a "New Orleans institution" by some, been here since the mid-1930's carried by it's history rather than its stellar food. It wasn't bad, but there are definitely better steaks to be had in the city. 
It's on Broad Street, so not the nicest part of town, but they had a friendly security guard in the parking lot. It's an old, dated building with probably the same decor that gives it a kind of charm and nostalgia. It was surprisingly packed on a Saturday night and they did graciously allow us to add two more to our party when we called ahead.
I had the steak caesar salad, medium rare, which was cooked perfectly and very good. I also ordered the bacon wrapped filet, medium rare, and it was mostly rare in the middle. This is something a steakhouse should get right. No excuses. And it was wrapped in soggy bacon. 
The menu has several ways it does fries, but really it's just different ways they cut a potato and then bake it. Disappointment. I live for french fries and these were dried out baked potato pieces. Not crispy at all. 
The highlight of my evening was the Z pie. A chocolate cookie crust, ice cream, whipped cream & caramel. Much better than the pecan pie. 
The server was friendly enough, if not a little judgy with my steak salad (as an app) AND filet order, as he expressed doubt that I could "eat all that" but I finished it all and the pie, thank you very much! 
I would dine here again if someone was treating, but I would probably try to convince them to try somewhere else. Didn't care to take pics, either, if that says anything.Unfortunately I would not be returning or recommending. I came here for wmy boyfriends birthday because he loves steaks and the service was ok. The waiter took a very long time for our drinks and the food is highly overpriced with no flavor. Its an old school restaurant that has been around for years and that fine and all but I wish they would make it welcoming for people to come in. There was no music to set a nice mood, it was just very loud in there hearing others talking. I orders a surf and turf which was sooooo over priced and my boyfriend had a ribeye and lobster tail. His steak was taste less but the lobstaer was great. When we got the bill and seen that a lobster tail was almost $40 alone and cost more than the steak we definitely knew that was the last time. I had better service, tasty food and great prices at Ruth Chris, Desi Vegas, The Boulevard or Houstons. This is a no for me. The food looks pretty on photo but not worth it for me.I do not even want to give one start for this restaurant because it was literally one of the worst, overpriced meals I think I've ever had. You ever been to like a "greasy spoon" type of joint after a hard night of drinking? That's what the food reminded me of. Cafeteria food is another memory I had while choking this meal down.An out of town friend and I visited here about 4 months ago and the food was horrible! The manager was even worst than the food she was very nasty in demeanor! We ended up paying our tab for food that tasted like water and went elsewhere. I won't recommend nor will I ever return simply put first and last time!I've been visiting Crescent Steak now for the past three months regularly, planning to go orders. Sadly, I've been so disappointed in the attention to detail in getting their customers order correct, hot, and punctual. After several frequent visits of poor customer service, I decided to complete a review after waiting 40 minutes for my food. This is unacceptable for a 4 Star establishment.This meal was sooooo lovely. My boyfriend took me here for our Valentine's Day dinner. We both had never been here before but had been very curious about it. I'm so glad we tried it. It really was a nice experience. My steak was cooked to perfection and his lobster was to die for. I didn't care for the potatoes so much but they aren't bad at all. The dessert was awesome also. The server was really nice. I appreciate her taking time to explain some items on the menu and make wine suggestions. Prices are comparable to Ruth's Chris. Just be prepared for a really long wait for your food- like over an hour. Also a reservation is recommended. We didn't have one and we ended up waiting about 40 mins for our table on a Friday night. All in all, it's a great experience still . Hopefully next time we go when can sit in one of the private booths.Our visit to Crescent City Steak House is always stellar.  Our server Robert was 5-star.  He was friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, and had a great personality. He really helped make our lunch nice.
The food was exactly what we expected from Crescent City.....Amazing!  We had the stuffed mushrooms which were overly stuffed, shrimp cocktail, garlic bread and,the homemade onions. The appetizers were simply delicious!!!! Also my house salad was freshly prepared. For the entrees we both had a T-bone steaks, one medium well and the other well done with sautéed onions on top with the famous Lyonnaise potatoes. Everything was perfect from the presentation, taste and environment. This place is a must visit, old school family oriented. We will definitely return to indulge in 5-star service, ambiance, and of course, the food.Hands down, the best steakhouse in the city. We've been coming here for years & wouldn't think about going to a chain for a steak. Crescent City is consistent & the service is on point. There isn't a better 
t-bone anywhere. Try the German fries if you go!Been wanting to check this out. But like many places, I wanted to go with others. So we went one night for early dinner. No line,
Seated right away. 
We sat in the main dining room, but there are private rooms outlining the back of the main dining room. 
My parents ordered surf and turf to share, with the au gratin potatoes. I ordered the filet sans bacon wrap. They loved their meal, and I loved mine. I need to stress: the plates are hot! They are baked! So, be careful not to touch the actual plate. 
My filet was soft, a bit undercooked for medium, but still delicious. The butter added such a soft and tenderized taste to the meat as well. 
Service was great! Attentive but not stalking; my water was never empty. This is extremely important to me because I drink enough water that sometimes I just ask if they can leave the pitcher at the table so they don't need to keep returning to fill my glass. Heh. 
Ambiance was interesting. "Old" is not the exact word I looking for, but the closest adjective I can think of. Other guests appeared "old school New Orleans," if that is a proper description. I loved that it was quiet, and I think early dinner was a great choice, to avoid a crowd. 
I would definitely return. I think this would be a great dinner date place. And they have been open since the 30s! Must be doing something right!
Now, I am hungry.Dinner at Crescent City Steaks in NOLA. This is where the locals go for great Steaks. It's a small dining room with a bar towards the back... white table cloths... nothing fancy. They have six private tables behind curtains for more intimate dining. This place has been around forever. The menu is full of the best Prime steaks and premium sides all served piping hot and cooked to perfection. No pretenses here. Just great food and service. Tonight I had the a Ribeye with Spinach au Gratin. Son in law had a huge T Bone with Brabant Potatoes. My Daughter had a Filet wrapped in Bacon with sautéed mushrooms and a Blue Cheese vinaigrette salad. The kids split Grilled Salmon with a side of steamed broccoli and a small Caesar salad. We started off with shoestring potatoes and garlic bread for the table. Everything was deliciously wonderful. The service was exceptional. Their wine list is very good. The dessert menu has several specialty yummy offerings. Prices are fair for what you get. Parking is easy on the side. At this moment I am suffering from Beef Coma!One and DONE!!!!
A reservation was made for a party of 11 to celebrate my 61st birthday on December 4, 2021. Crescent City Steaks was chosen after deciding that we would try somewhere new, local, and had good reviews. In the past, I've eaten steaks at Ruth's Chris Steak House, Fleming's Prime Steakhouse, Chophouse of New Orleans, and Sullivan's Steak House, all of which were worthy of my time, palate, and money! This place, Crescent City Steaks, was absolutely HORRIBLE!!! The staff, the service, the food, the restrooms, the chairs, the water glasses.... all low level, no, I digress, make that no level!! I know this establishment is used to handling large groups, so I'm not sure what the problem was with my table, which consisted of family and friends. We were all well-mannered and dressed appropriately. Our group consisted of 4 males-ages 19, 31, 36, and 40: 7 females-ages 28, 29, 30, 34, 58, 60, and 61. No teeny-boppers, no troublemakers, no celebrities, no scam artists, no clowns! Just decent, educated, working, hungry, regular people expecting to eat, drink, laugh, celebrate, their loved one's birthday. All we wanted was our food and drinks delivered to our table as ordered. However, that is not what happened. There were (2) glasses of water that was compromised/dirty. The group order consisted of (5) different cuts of steaks, all cooked well done, as per the menu description. All (5) steaks were brought to the table with pink centers and blood drippage on the plates. When brought to the waitress' attention, she replied "when 
the steaks are thick and ordered to be cooked well-done, they should be requested as butterflied". She then proceeded to pick up the plates and return them to the kitchen for further cooking. Keep in mind that had she mentioned the disclosure about the well-done steaks being thick and needing to be butterflied, that's what we would have requested. A few minutes later, the steaks returned and guess what, still pink centers, still bloody! The waitress saw and heard our disgust about the steaks still not being correct!!! She offered no apology, no explanation, no empathy, no nothing!!! She left the table and we decided that we'd just take the steaks home and cook them further. The night was a bust! When she returned, we asked for go boxes and the check. Our food bill was $691.00, and the bar tab was $195.00. Since it was a large group, the 20% gratuity was included. Needless to say, none of the staff that we encountered, specifically the waitress/server deserved a dime!!! But even paying the bill was a problem! Since we had a large group, we wanted to pay the food bill with half in cash and the other half with a bank card. We were told that couldn't be done. Now once again, I'm more than sure that at some point, this request has been made by others and processed as such. So, after seeing that was an issue, the bill was just paid in full and with cash!! Luckily someone in the group was foolish enough to have that kind of cash on them at that time of night!!! The quality of food and method of payment were the biggest issues, however in addition to all of that, the greeter/hostess wasn't very friendly or inviting towards us. It seemed as though we were in the way as we sat in the lobby area waiting for everyone that was included in the group. The restrooms are small, one toilet stall, one sink, unkept, no changing table for infants, and no locks on the entry door. The chairs at the table are rickety and not very sturdy. 
So, like I said at the beginning of this very long, true story and disappointing birthday celebration (or lack thereof), "ONE AND DONE!" Crescent City Steaks located at 1001 N. Broad Street-New Orleans, LA. 70119 will NEVER see me or any of my family and friends again!!! PERIODT!!!!  This business deserves "no stars". But since I had to make a selection in order for this to post, I chose 1 star. But honestly, the time has come. The doors should be closed and locked permanently! After 87 years in business, it has run its course, literally!!!Food was good and the service was excellent. Mike was a great waiter; very friendly and courteous. The ambiance is very old school and classic looking and it they have some private cozy dining rooms off to the side, which apparently are very popular and get reserved quickly.
The only downside is that if you live downtown it's about a 15 minute drive out but it's worth a try.Came here on recommendation from our BnB host and could not be happier. Wanted to do a steakhouse for my husbands birthday but was not thrilled with the mild reviews and astronomical prices of anything in/near the quarter. This place is perfect. You can feel the nostalgia in the walls, it's an old school steak joint, not too classy but the food and people were great. Our server had a wonderful disposition despite our group of 10 and was nice with just the right amount of snark. Food was excellent. Nothing fancy, just solid steaks and potatoes for a good price. Worth the $7 Uber ride uptown to get there. All menu items are a la carte, so you order your steak, and then whatever sides/potatoes/veggies separately. Was still super reasonable for 10 people. Enjoy!Ate there last night with sister and brother-in-law and all of us enjoyed our meal. We started with onion rings and house salad for all at the  table. Yum !! My sister and I each had the filet mignon. Still dreaming of mine cooked perfectly medium. My b-i-l had cowboy ribeye and savored every bite. All the sides excellent. Service very attentive. We will be back soon.I'm not much of a steak person. I rarely eat it, but when a friend suggested Crescent City for dinner I figured I would try a steak once more. We got garlic bread and fried mushrooms to start, which were both good. Heavy pours for drinks. 
For steak I got the filet wrapped in bacon with a side of potatoes au gratin. And o m g, wow. The filet was cooked perfectly and the bacon wrapped around was really the missing link I never knew I needed. The potatoes au gratin were seasoned well and extra cheesy, you can't really go wrong with potatoes & cheese. 
One thing I will note: if you are not wanting to be close to people right now with COVID, avoid this restaurant. Servers wear masks but there is hardly any room in the restaurant, and they are sitting all the tables they have. I'm not sure if they're doing it, but to-go will be the move for next time we want a steak if COVID is still prevalent.Well this is definitely the place to come if you want good steak 
Can't wait to taste mine 
I ordered an Extra Cut Rib Eye medium rare 
We ordered Josh Cellars Merlot by the bottle but they serve it by the glass. The waitress was kind enough to offer me a taste before I ordered the bottle which is a nice suggestion since they already had bottles opened for individual servings 
This Merlot taste smooth and medium very nice to go with my steak 
Wow 
The steak was excellent 
They truly do medium rare 
I like a cook who can deliver what I am expecting 
The sautéed spinach very nice and fresh not over cooked 
The ice cream Z pie was delicious but I like ice cream even though they suggested bread pudding
What actually impressed me the most was the service. The staff is very accommodating helpful and attentive 
The other note I should mention is the security guard walked me to my car since I was parked in the second back parking lot 
He also waited for me to pull to the front so I was never left alone  and he was kindly helpful in assisting me with my mother who is well chair bound into the car 
Wow talk about meeting expectations 
This place is family run and operated and it shows 
Thank you for such a nice graduation dinner with familyThis is a great old school Mid-City steak house that has barely changed over the years and is a New Orleans icon.  I've usually had good food here with a few inconsistent and less tasty visits but always good times.  I've often gotten the Porterhouse for 2 and found that to be one of my favorites here (and sometimes instead of eating it all myself I actually share it with someone).  The sides are pretty simple and basic here and I rotate between the sauteed spinach, broccoli au gratin, spinach au gratin, and peas. Most people usually get an order of onion rings and a salad but what Crescent City does better than any other steakhouse is give you an amazing assortment of potatoes to choose from: au gratin, french fried, German fries, Lyonnaise, Braebant, cottage fries and shoestrings!
I really like the booths with the curtains you can pull shut and plan to take over the world with your co-conspirators.  The service has always been great here (except for the abrupt opening of my tightly closed curtains).  I know they need to bring stuff to me but maybe they should have some kind of signal system to let you know they will be entering your private cocoon soon so you won't be so surprised when they yank it back and reveal the glare of the outside world. It can be a bit expensive for what you get but ambiance like this is nearly impossible to find outside of New Orleans!This is the WORST experience and STEAK I've ever had. We waited a hour and a half for our food to be prepared . When our food (2 extra cut Ribeyes plus sides) was delivered it was AWFUL, I've literally had better steak at Waffle House. Nothing but Fat and Gristle. I tried every side of the steak same thing. We told the server what was going who in turn sent the manager over. The manager did not offer to fix anything just took our steaks and sent the server over to let us know we didn't have to pay for the steaks but still charged us for the 25.00 dollars in sides we ordered to go with our Steaks. This WHOLE sh***y meal (apart from the wine) should have been comped.
First time I ever left a steak house hungry be thankful there is not a ZERO star option.Just visited again and remembered why I love this place, could almost hear the ghost of Frank Sinatra come in to ask for a Jack and a Chop.   This is one of those places that truly is a bucket list to make your heart shine and walk with a oomph in your step.   The steaks were juicy, flavorful, full of life with a Pittsburgh top broiled in!  My filet mignon here has to be one of the best I have ever have in more than 70 countries and many hard miles.  The service never stopped and a single glass never went more than 60% full before it was topped off along with another heaping of bread.  I was smart in my life to listen to our host who got the onion rings that were flavorful and juicy.  The Lyoneese potatoes are always my favorite and meant I never made it past the sauteed spinach to touch the wonderful creole triple creme cheesecake I pined for.   Life is often a short and quickly vanishing thing, you don't realize the "I should have moment's until they are too late"  this is one of those.   I could go on about the marbling of the steak and the sizzle on the plate not to mention the smells.   Those smells could make any grown man happy and wish they could make that into a perfume and women would not need to trick us to follow.   Don't just go for the incredible atmosphere but as one of those rare terrific bites that truly is no substitute.I'm not one to leave reviews in general, but this one was so terrible that a review was warranted and a MUST! Unfortunately we will not be returning, nor recommending. Made a reservation including the fact it was our anniversary. When we arrived (as two guys/same sex couple) they acted as if they needed to change where we were suppose to sit, ultimately putting us in the very back corner in a totally enclosed booth (like a confession box) while drawing the curtains closed. 
Food was awful! My Husband ordered the Ribeye (rare), it came out, looking and tasting as if it were BOILED in water, then grill marked. Very gray in color. NO SEASONING what so ever on anything. The sides were a joke. Potatoes  au-gratin were like diced potatoes with processed cheese sauce. Asparagus was supposed to be sautéed in a butter sauce, there were most definitely boiled in water and done so multiple times. They were NOT a good green color, dull in color, soggy, and no seasoning. 
"German Potatoes" . How about thick cut deep fried potatoes, no onions, and burnt. 
We were super excited to try a local and historical spot that was supposed to be great food. 
It was equivalent to cafeteria food at best. Definitely a waste of $120!! Such a shame. 
It was one of those feelings where you get pissed off that you actually have to pay for the food and service, because it was NOT worthy of being paid for. I understand Covid-19 has everyone doing their very best, but there was no excuse for this. 
O'well, you live and learn, and win some and loose some.So we made a last minute switch to come here for a work dinner last night, and I'll admit I was a little skeptical on first appearance. It's an older building and has more character than most of the fancy restaurants in the city I'd say. The ambiance is kind of a welcoming family style upscale casual. Food and service were wonderful!
We got started with the shrimp cocktail (fresh, with a yummy cocktail/remoulade sauce for dipping), stuffed mushrooms (perfectly crispy on the outside, with ranch for dipping), and a small but tasty Caesar salad. For our main course I chose the salmon cooked medium rare-holy moly that was the best salmon I've ever had in my life-lightly tart and super rich and buttery, soft and flaked easily into my fork. Sides were passed family style: broccoli and asparagus were lightly crisp and not overly drowned in butter (for the healthier folks), and the creamed spinach, along with multiple different types of potatoes were all on the more decadent side and so yummy. For dessert I chose the bread pudding and man was it delicious-rich, buttery, just the right amount of sweet.
This place is like a diamond in the rough and I highly recommend!I took my family to Crescent City Steakhouse this week.  This is my favorite restaurant for amazing steaks. One of the best in the city (in my opinion).
The private, curtained booths are so old school and charming. 
We always start with the stuffed crawfish mushrooms that are so perfectly crisp on the outside and super savory on inside. 
The Chateaubriand for two is a perfect meal for sharing. 
The bacon wrapped filet ( I ask for extra char but med rare) is the so insanely good and cooked to perfection.
My son had the Cowboy cut, he said it was amazing.
The sides are absolutely delicious! I
especially love the spinach au gratin, steak fries or the potato au gratin. The service is always welcoming ( but not intrusive) and accommodating. They go above and beyond to make sure your meal is exactly the way you want it.
The music and ambiance is from a different era, crisp white tables linens, beautiful swing music, and a gorgeous jukebox. 
I always have a wonderful time and beautiful meal when I go here.How odd. My last review of this 'restaurant' was deleted.
Came to this place and ordered a ribeye. What they sent out was a Waffle House ribeye about 1/4 thick. They sent it out and it wasn't cooked. I ordered mid rare originally and had it sent back. They sent out a burnt tire tread covered in butter. When I said this is inedible and I'd like to order a filet instead, the old boomer of a lady manager told me that they would still charge me for the original steak that was inedible. The sides were definitely microwaved and had NO seasoning. 
You'll get a better cooked steak from Chili's or Waffle House for 1/10 of the price.This place is one of the best "sleeper" / time capsule establishments in the city . 
       You don't hear much about this restaurant but it is a true gem .  It's location is a bit out in left field but you will be very glad you went.  The steaks are prime and are always cooked properly.  There are a lot of sides to choose from which are all fresh , so you won't find s lot of Sysco from a can food here.  Their wine selection is very good as well.  The atmosphere is that of an old family establishment like something from The Godfather , but without the mob hits.  Give it a try , you'll be happy you did.A good friend made sure to take me to Crescent City last night as he was in the mood for a steak. Seeing that I'm moving to Texas, I went with the lobster. I found it a bit dry, but very tasty. My friend let me sample his steak and it was incredible. The salads and vegetables were also very good. 
The place is expensive and be warned that everything is a la carte; you paid separately for potatoes, vegetables, salads as well as your entree, so bring a lot of $$ and make sure to check your bill as we were overcharged $4.I was excited to be treated to what I would consider by others to be a delicious steak from a high end steak house. Given we were being treated to the meal by a friends parents, I didn't want to complain in person. But that was by far the worst steak I have ever eaten in my life. It was like a breakfast steak at Denny's(maybe worse) $46 cowboy ribeye less than 1" thick with more fat than meat. It sucked and the owner should be thrashed. 
By the way, one person in our party left their phone there and when I called it, Someone answered who worked there said "you better hurry up and come and get it because I'm not gonna take care of it all night. She was beyond rude..... save your money and go to a better place!!!!!!!!! It's been 3 days and I still can't get over how poor the food was!!! The people who payed had the same sentiments. They ordered a fillet each and it looked like utter crap!!!Me & my husband's new favorite steakhouse! The service was great, the food was amazing, wish I could give this place a higher rating! We will definitely be back.Very old school Nola steakhouse.  Not much has changed since 1934 when the opened!  Beautiful wood decor, tile ceiling, old hunter fans.  Steaks are very good to excellent.  My ribeye was surprisingly tender and perfectly cooked.  Au gratin potatoes were very good. I did not care for the side of mushrooms.  Service was very good.  Place was packed on a Saturday night.  Recommended.Excellent steakhouse.  This is the place where Ruth Fertel got her start.  Now she's gone and her son Jerry stays in a mansion across the lake, collecting royalties and entertaining.  If you really want a steak, this is the place.  Curtained off tables for privacy, excellent Chicago beef, and excellent service.  No wonder they didn't franchise to Disney and Las Vegas.  They have a $73 Porterhouse steak for three.  They have been there for a long time.  Just take a look at the plates when you go there.Do not go here. Went with large group (14 ppl, made reservations in advance). Took 2+ hours for our food to be served. When it came out, majority of orders were incorrectly cooked or just flat out cold. 
Complained to manager. Rude and unhelpful, she attempted to allege that we didn't show up on time (we were, in fact, on time) and attempted to ask if we "had ever been to a steakhouse before", as if that explained the utterly horrible performance this place delivered. 
I cannot describe how miserable this place is. Under no circumstances should you go here. Probably the single worst dining experience of my entire life.This restaurant is a unique experience everyone should enjoy. The owner, Anthony, personally oversees every meal and his eye for perfection is apparent. Cocktails are made by a knowledgeable bartender. Steaks are first class beef and the sides are just as delicious as they were 30 years ago. Consistency is not an accident. It is taken seriously.   Prices are not trendy expensive instead appropriate and honest.
If you are Covid shy to eating out know his restaurant is clean and tables spaced.
It's exactly what you want for a meal at a steak restaurant. Make a reservation today!this is by far the worst restaurant that i've ever been to! the food was horrible and the old white lady who said she was management had a very nasty attitude! the best thing we had out of the steak, au gratin potatoes, au gratin broccoli, steamed asparagus, stuffed mushrooms, bread pudding and wine was hands down the wine we threw everything else away and was still charged even after we told them that everything tasted like water!! please don't waste your time nor money going to such a horrible restaurant!!!When we pulled in and parked, we were happy to see a security guard patrolling the parking lot. We walked in and waited several minutes before anyone came to greet us. The hostess did not see our reservation in the book, but found it pretty quickly, saying she wrote it down but wasn't sure where? So she sat us, but forgot to tell the server because we waited for over 15 minutes before the hostess came back by to ask if anyone had come to help us yet. The tables are fairly close meaning we got bumped into several times. They have private booths - which we requested - but since our reservation was overlooked, the booths were all full. We ordered iced teas, garlic bread, and caesar salads to begin. The garlic bread never came. The tea tasted old, so we ordered a coke instead. The salads were simple but good. We then ordered a filet and ribeye along with potatoes au gratin and sautéed asparagus. The ribeye was undercooked, otherwise the food was great. The steaks and potatoes were the highlight. The service was fine, except the missing garlic bread. We figured she just forgot it and the other food came pretty quickly, so we didn't mention it. The check came and we were charged for teas and the coke, as well as the garlic bread that never came. After letting her know about the missing bread, she apologized and took it off the ticket saying "oh that's too bad, the garlic bread goes great with the caesar salad!" 
Overall, the food is good and the service is ok. However, for those prices the food and service should be excellent and they just were not. Probably won't be back.this New Orleans old-school steak house is a tried and true staple.  Located in mid-city it has been a part of birthday celebrations, family events and business happenings in New Orleans since its doors opened decades ago.
Friday and Saturday reservations are a must.  
The menu represents the typical steakhouse fare - porterhouse, rib eye, strip etc; all manner of potato preparation and a handful of other sides including onion rings, sauteed spinach, creamed spinach, etc.  Appetizers, salads and dessert are all diverse and always good.
The dining room is bubbling with excitement - tile floors, wood accents, white tablecloths and a relaxed atmosphere - and the three booths along the far end of the wall seating four comfortably with a curtain for privacy....  it is like you have stepped into the typical neighborhood restaurant from 30 years ago - serving good food at fair prices and where you are bound to run into someone you know !!
Steaks come out of the kitchen sizzling hot, cooked as requested and the staff is always friendly.  The bar is well stocked and you really can't go wrong for the price.Just ordered 2 steaks for takeout. Prior to this, we'd try to eat there a couple of times a year as it was one of our favorite steak houses in the city.  (It has a gentleman's/old New Orleanian touch to it.)  Well today, we ordered two cowboy steaks and I'm sad to say... they were terrible.  They were not only undercooked, but they the texture and flavor of the meat was abysmal.  As someone who loves to cook, I didn't want to complain and tried to see if there was anything I could do to make it salvageable.  NOPE!  The quality of the meat was so bad that it began breaking up and that putrid taste did not go away.  It was honestly the steaks we both have ever had in our lives.  What makes the experience even worse is that when I called the restaurant and spoke with the manager, Corey, he offered nothing and made it appear as though his hands were tied.  He simply insisted that they checked the quality of the meat beforehand.  As someone who has been to some of the top steakhouses across the country, I can guarantee you that that was not the case.  It was $114 down the drain for rancid steaks. It will certainly be the last time we ever set foot through those doors.  If you value your money - especially during these uncertain times - I'd keep far, far away. (I had to give it at 1 star; if I could have, I wouldn't have even done that.)Mediocre steak but delicious sides. Wished the steak was more flavorful and a better quality with the price point. Sadly, the Z pie was my favorite out of the whole meal.